 I love where I live. The apartment's the best I could have asked for, and the rent is great. And, I was damn lucky to get it. Annabelle, whose parents own the place, was looking for room-mates to help cover the rent that she paid back to her parents. I applied, and when I arrived for the interview, I fell in love with the place. It was immaculate. The kitchen's modern and stylish and the décor is lovely, the living room had a lovely tan theme going on, and it had the biggest television I have ever seen. That's where the trouble started. 

When Anabelle interviewed me I was as sweet as a kitten and quiet as a mouse. It's the first time I'd behaved in years. No swearing, no sarcasm -- just polite, behaved little Sarah. I made a lot of sacrifices during that interview, as Anabelle quietly and earnestly went through her list of questions. Sacrifices that she's not aware of but that stuck with me. The biggest sacrifice was to never bring back my dates to fuck them. If someone wants to put their cock in me, then they need to provide a venue. I don't care if it's their house, their car, or even, if I like them enough, a quiet place in public. They don't fuck here. That's one easy way for me to help keep the place tidy, clean, and pest free.

There is one big pest I have to deal with though thanks to the big television. My brother Tod comes around to watch sports on Sunday. First it was just himself then before too long, he started bringing his mates Ben, Rich and Steve. Simply put, it's the biggest television I've seen and my brother now refuses to watch Sunday sports anywhere else. He's even taken to bringing some of his friends over. They arrive like a horde of rowdy Vikings carrying crates of beer and chips, then after the game is over, they leave the apartment like it's been ransacked. 

I know why he thinks he can get away with it. I'm his little sister and he tells me he's looked after me his whole life and I owe him for that. He doesn't live here, he's just a visitor, a very unwelcome visitor that I can't stop because -- he's my brother. As long as that monster television sits in front of the tan leather three-piece lounge suite, there's no way I can keep my brother and his mates away.

So, Sunday after Sunday my apartment gets invaded. He brings his hot, half-drunk mates who soon turn into totally drunk idiots leaving a trail of devastation in their wake. There's usually beer spilled on the carpet, potato crisps down the back of the couch, and every week our Sunday dinner is accompanied by the smell of stale beer coming from the trash. Worst of all just sometimes, there's a splash of urine next to the toilet that sends my roommates shrieking through the apartment.

My roommates are nearly at the point of kicking me out. Annabelle and Tracey are quiet, gentle sorts. Their natural reticence to make a fuss is the only thing that allows me to stay.

The graceful and religious Annabelle with the wealthy parents tried to drop hints. "Sarah, do they need to come, perhaps you could visit them?"

As if.

Diminutive Tracey tried to put on a brave face. "I guess it's not too bad," once said after seeing vomit on the couch, all the while holding her hand in front of her own face desperately to stop herself from gagging at the smell.

If only. It is that bad, for me, and even worse because I'm related to the cause of all this. 

And more liberated than either of those two.

And I think it's fucking disgusting. The shame and humiliation I feel on Sunday night as these two cultured, sensitive women react each time they discover the mess the boys have left. 

And I think about all the dates I could have brought back and screwed that would have been less trouble than that lot. 

Can I get my brother to go elsewhere? Hell no. That big creep just keeps coming back and back for more, week after week. One more visit, one more mess, and I'm out of here, and I love the place. It's close to my work, the roommates keep it dead clean, when they get a chance, and it's cheap. And that fucking older brother of mine is going to spoil it all.

None of the arguments I made worked.

"You'll get me kicked out," I said.

"Make sure the new place has a big TV," was his reply.

"You can't come, we have friends coming over," I tried a different time.

"Are they good looking? Can I bring some more mates to keep them company?" was all Tod said.

"The place has roaches and the pest control guy is coming over." Me.

"Save your cash Sis, we'll bring something to whack them with." Him.

And so it goes on.

I need them gone, and they seem to have no pride, no conscience, and no regard for others. There's just no way to get through to a thick asshole like him.

----------

My Sunday horror begins with a bang on the door; it's got to be Tod. The temptation is to ignore him but I know he'd find a way in and probably cause some damage the door in the process. Fuck, I need to answer it.

I open the door and stand in the doorway to block it. It's Steve, who's six foot two with a stunning physique and a tee-shirt two sizes too small that outlines the muscles on his shoulders. He's got well styled blond hair and he has the clearest blue eyes I've ever seen.

"Hi Steve," I say. I like Steve, he's very good looking, I don't mind having him around, just don't get me booted out of my place. 

"Hiya babe," he replies, wrapping his arm around me. "You wanna give us a cuddle?"

Shit, he does this even when Tod's around and I've got to admit, I like the feeling. I don't want them here so I don't react. I'd think differently if we were at his place, or my parents, or in my car, or just for Steve, just about anywhere else. 

He winks. "Why don't you make me comfortable babe? Invite me in." I stay in front of him blocking the doorway.

Ben and Rich appear behind him, each of them carries a carton of beer and a couple of bags of potato chips. I make sure there's no beer or chips in the apartment to welcome them. No point in leaving out honey to attract the flies. So they know they need to bring their own, and they do, week after week.

"There a problem honey?" asks Rich. "Where's my game?" At six foot, he's the smallest and also the most heavily built, but all powerful, wonderful muscle. With his black curly hair and a caterpillar moustache, he's alright, but Ben's hotter. Way hotter. Ben is like a tree trunk both physically and mentally, and seeing as I'm not interested in the mentally, he's just perfect. 

"Right here," says Steve and he passes me off to Rich so he can sneak inside like a desperate door-to-door salesman.

Rich paws at me for a few seconds. "Aren't you going to welcome me in beautiful?" The muscles in his arms are strong and tight as they hold me but the same smell of beer wafts off him. He gives me a hug, lifts me briefly off the ground then roves his hands around my ass before entering the apartment.

Ben asks, "am I going to get one of those?"

"One of what?" I say, hands on hips.

"One of those ass things?" he says pointing at my rear. Ben isn't at his best if he has a few beers in him and if we weren't standing outside my apartment I'd be only too happy to have his hands explore my ass.

"Do you creeps have no self-control?" I say.

"Nope, none." It's the ringleader Tod, who has come up the stairs.

"Do you want to pat down your sister as well?" I say to Tod.

"No need. I know you love me."

"Yeah right. Don't you care how your friends are acting?"

"Nope, it's all good fun."

"Rich groped my ass, you fucking moron. Your own sister's ass."

"You're a big girl, you're allowed to do big girl stuff." He laughs and heads inside.

I go back inside and the beer is on the counter in the otherwise immaculate kitchen. They've already knocked Annabelle's spice rack over when they dumped it and she stands there looking on in horror. 

The boys soon settle themselves into the sofa in the living room, beers in hand. Annabelle won't go further than the kitchen Tracey has gone and locked herself in her room. 

I storm into the lounge. "Listen," I say, "I don't appreciate being groped. You got that?" I want them to know that they aren't welcome here. I look to Tod for support but just see the back of his head.

"You're hot," says Rich.

"Is that an excuse?" I reply.

"Yep, it is if you're hot enough," he says back to me.

"Yeah, she's hot," Steve says to Ben. Ben holds out his bottle and clinks it to Steve's in agreement.

"And you're going to put up with all this shit they're giving me?" I ask Tod.

"Comes from being hot, Sis. Get used to it." He doesn't even bother to turn around. Creep. 

Then they watch television for the next three hours and when they leave, Tod doesn't even say thank you. After they're gone, I get to clean up. I keep Annabelle and Tracey away from the mess. I really want to stay here.

----------

The next Sunday I resolve to do something about it and Tod has to be my target. I'm tough like my mum and I can handle any of the other three. In fact I could handle all three at once. That's when I hatch my plan. I convince Annabelle and Tracey to head out for the afternoon with the promise that this Sunday will be the last. The boys arrive, settle in, and start drinking. 

I wait out in the kitchen like normal next to the beer. Today I might need a little help, so I pick one out of the carton and twist the top off it.

"Yes, please!" comes from the lounge. Deaf as posts when I ask them to clean up after themselves, but crack the top off a beer and they can hear it a mile off.

Resigned that the least damage will come from me carrying the beer I take it through to the sound of their dirty jokes. At least someone else is the target this time, another girl they know.

"All good?" asks Tod as I hand out the beer. 

"No."

"That's great then, thanks for the beer, Sis."

Enjoy the beer while you can Tod, today I'm going to get it through your thick skull that I'm not ok with you using my place. You creepy fuck, you use my stuff so today, I'm going to use your stuff. Time to kick my plan into action.

With a gentle nudge from my finger, I push the crate of beer onto the floor.

SMASH. Glass and beer cascade across the floor.

The boys come running.

"Shit! Fuck!" is all I hear for thirty seconds.

"You'll need to get some more," Tod says to me.

"Get it yourself."

"Why?"

"If I go, I won't come back," I sing it sweetly. He knows that this means I am being serious and he won't see whatever cash he gives me again.

"Shit," he runs his hands through his hair and turns to Ben. "How long before the game?"

"Still an hour."

"Ben, get some beer." 

Ben is normally the get-the-beer person but that doesn't fit with my plans. "You're the host, you get the beer," I say.

The other three join in. The peer pressure is wonderful to see.

"Fuck," Tod says and storms off. The slamming of the door shakes the apartment and then I hear the sound of heavy footsteps receding. There's a final inconsiderate crash as the door to the apartment building slams and he's gone. The other three return to the lounge.

I wait until the boys have gone back into the lounge then I pick up the remaining crate, carry it through to the lounge then set it on the table.

"I didn't think we could bring it through here?" said Ben. It was about the only rule they did obey.

"Special occasion," I smile at him. I pick up the remote and turn up the television several decibels. For what I have planned, I need more noise.

"What's special?" Ben speaks louder over the din.

"You get to touch my ass."

His stunned expression turns me on. That expression and knowing what I have in store for them makes me hot between my legs. They are cute, annoying but cute. Steve's blue eyes pierce my own and his perfect features are so inviting. Rich looks up across his shoulders bulging under his tee shirt. Then there is Ben, the awesome tower of physical strength with the most ripped abs of anyone I know. 

"Steve did it. You said you wanted your turn, here it is." I turn round to aim my ass towards him. I stare back over my shoulder invitingly. Ben wastes no time, he eagerly clamps both hands on my butt cheeks and shakes. His eyes sparkle as he appreciates the sight. I love the feel of his strong palms through my skirt so I arch my back and moan quietly.

Only Steve still seems surprised. He's not quite as drunk as the rest, so I go and sit on his lap and wriggle around until I can feel his erection though my skirt. I can't wait to see it and feel its heat inside me. His inhibitions slide. 

"Hey Sarah, um, are you OK?" asks Ben. Probably the first time I've heard him say something sensible for months.

"Yeah sure, I just get so horny whenever you guys are here," I say, thrusting my breasts forward. 

"I'm a big girl, Tod said so didn't he?" I add, cupping my breasts with my hands. I run my hands down my sides, over my hips down to my knees and back to my crotch. I smile back at him. "You want your turn?" I say, looking at his lap.

His expression is hard to read but I move off Steve's lap onto Ben's. I lean back against those divine abs and run my hands over my body. He starts to swell, and I feel his erection pressing hard and urgent against my ass.

"What about me?" says Rich.

"You've had yours." I need to tease a bit, I haven't got a lot of time but I need them in the mood. Besides, I haven't finished enjoying the sensation of Ben's rock hard torso and cock and I want to experience it a little longer. "Now everyone's even."

"No we're not, I just got to use my hands on your ass." Rich pats his lap.

It's the opening I need. I roll seductively off Ben and crawl across the floor towards Rich. I crawl up his legs and as I do, I cup my hand over his crotch and caress his package. He's rock hard underneath his jeans.

"Is that better?" I coo at him.

"Ohh yeah," he says, leaning back. He grins at his mates. This is what I need, they are feeding each other.

I squeeze. "Ohh yeah?" 

"Ohh yeah," he croons, leaning his head back.

Steve is next to Rich so I reach for him with the other hand and stroke him through his jeans. "What about you?" I ask.

He gives the same faraway expression and sinks back into the couch as well.

Ben feels left out and stands up and moves closer, I can see the erection straining at the fabric of his jeans. I ignore him and focus on the other two. They laugh at him.

"You don't know what you're missing," says Rich.

"What about me babe?" asks Ben. It's hard to resist a horny skyscraper like Ben but I manage to pull it off.

I shrug. "Only got two hands," I say. I work away at the other two for a bit then ask in sultry tones, "Got any ideas?"

Ben is the most drunk and has lost the most inhibitions. He wastes no time pulling out his dick. "You wanna touch it," he challenges. The other two now look surprised.

"Only got two hands," I taunt. I somehow manage to feign disinterest in the massive cock of this most perfect physical specimen and keep stroking the other two. I feel a drip of wetness from my cunt soaking the fabric of my panties. I so want that cock.

He shuffles in to bring his dick closer to me. He is challenging me, tempting me with that awesome shaft of his. Right now I'm hot enough that I just want to get on with it. I watch the cock as it gets closer and closer then quickly lick the tip.

"Holy shit," he says.

"Bring it closer," I reply.

He's gone enough that he thrusts his dick right up to my face. I inhales its sweet scent and my pussy heats even more. I'm so wet and horny, aching for hard cocks to fill me. I wrap my lips around Ben's shaft and am rewarded with its salty taste. I run my tongue under it, then draw back and its smooth glistening head pops out of my mouth leaving a little drip of pre-cum on my chin. He moans.

Rich grins madly.

"Shit, is this OK?" asks Steve. I need to quell this rebellion of concern for my brother's feelings.

I hitch up my skirt and grab the strap of my panties then slowly peel them down to my ankles. I seductively step out of them, and shake them in front of Steve's face before dropping them in his lap. I take Ben's cock in my hand and start to stroke it. Now Steve is missing out. He sees the panties and feverishly unbuttons his belt. I feel my hand on Rich's trousers move and see that he is doing the same thing. Perfect.

I stand up and look around at them to find myself surrounded by three hot, hard-bodied athletes with three erections. Suddenly it's game on for me, I have an insatiable need to have these three cocks and I rub my thighs together spreading the slippery wetness and working more juice from my now desperate cunt. My pussy craves these three cocks, to have their fiery lengths penetrate my body. I'll get my Sundays back and I'll have fun doing it. I pull my sweater over my head and toss it aside then work on my bra.

"Let me help you with that," says Steve pointing to my bra.

"Mmm, mmm," I shake my head.

I'll deal with it. I haven't got much time, not time enough for him. I take it off and drop it in his lap as a prize. My pert tits spring free, nipples erect with desire. I kick off my slippers and with my best snake impression, peel off my skirt. I throw it back in the direction of the kitchen. I don't want that piece-of-shit brother of mine to be too surprised. Finally I pull out my ponytail and let my long brown hair cascade over my shoulders.

I stand naked in front of them, offering up my body for their desire. Their eyes stare up and down the body of their best friend's sister, drinking in my delights. Their eyes pass over my tits and settle on my cunt. I slip my finger down between my pussy lips and rub. I give a little moan, almost like a whimper and it sets them off. My pussy juices cover my fingers and I put them in my mouth as I eye the three boys seductively.

"I want you," I say trying to sound sexy. It works. 

"Huh?" It's Steve but his voice is husky, he can barely control it.

"I want you to fuck me." The heat between my legs starts to drive my desire.

Ben cups a hand over one of my tits, I turn to him and grab his cock and gently stroke it. I want one of them to fill me. What started out as revenge has turned into lust, a mad arousal further flamed by the knowledge that I will be caught in the act.

Rich moves in with his head and wraps is lips around the nipple on my other tit and sucks on it. A hot excitement shoots through me. I reach down and grab his cock and start to stroke it with my free hand.

Steve is the tough one, he stands there, his pants half down and his cock out, not sure what to do. I let the others go and crawl towards him.

"What's the matter baby? You need some loving too?"

I grab his cock in my hands. Of all of three, Steve is the most handsome and the one that I want to feel inside me the most. I pull him down to the floor and straddle him. His cock stands erect like a rocket ready to take off. I finger myself briefly then lower my pussy onto his cock.

Rich suddenly gains a conscience. "Hey dude, you're about to fuck Tod's sister."

Steve looks unsure. 

It's me against Mr. Sensible. "Tod's sister wants to fuck you, Steve," I say. "Tod's sister is a big girl who can fuck who she wants because she's horny. And she wants to fuck you."

Steve relaxes and goes with the flow, I lower myself onto him. I feel the tip of his cock part my pussy and the desire takes over. I keep lowering until his entire shaft is up my pussy, then I start to gyrate, the insides of my thighs against his hot body. The pleasure is immense as his hot, hard cock stretches my cunt. I feel his back arch with the pleasure and he moans quietly. Still I have two more to deal with.

"Rich, go to my room, top drawer left, there's some lube."

"What do I need lube for?" he says looking hungrily at Steve's cock thrusting up into my wet pussy.
