 Kelly had blackmailed Blake into serving as our toy for the evening in return for a recommendation for a position at her grandfathers research institute. Thus far we had badgered him into satisfying our needs during the past hour or so. But that had been in the living room, and I felt sort of sleazy making love on a sofa in a hotel suite. 

I really think Blake thought he had kept his part of the bargain, but as we walked him down the short hallway to Kelly's bedroom, he seemed a bit reluctant to let things go further without Kelly giving some assurance that she would call and make the promised recommendation.

I was trailing behind Blake, with Kelly in the lead. All I could do was stare at his beautiful butt as he took long strides following Kelly. Now, I must admit, I'm compulsive but much more shy then Kelly, but between the alcohol and the feeling of power I had in knowing that he was compelled to do anything we wanted, I had lost most of my shyness.

It was sort of a feeling of elation. You know, a feeling of being in control and especially in control of the most delicious man I have ever been with. Oh sure, in the beginning it was just that need to be sexually satisfied, but when he had fucked me and driven me nearly out of my mind, and Kelly began to tell him what to do, I suddenly found myself jealous and a bit possessive.

And to compound things, I had to watch Kelly cum again and again. I wanted him and yet Kelly had taken charge and I felt left out. After all he was my discovery, she only had the ace card in our little blackmail scheme. 

Now as I entered the bedroom behind Blake, I suddenly felt a gush of warm fluid spurt, then run down the inside of my thigh. I should have used a tissue or something after he took me that last time, but I was sort of relishing the fact that it was something I had made him give me, and now it was mine. 

He really looked a bit puzzled as he stood by the foot of the bed and his head turned from Kelly to me. I saw him look down at my little embarrassment and Kelly followed his gaze. 

"Is my little friend Patty making a mess? Come here! I'll take care of that for you."

And, like a robot, I walked over to her. She backed me up against the bed and made me sit down, then she had me lay back. Now she fell to her knees and placing her warm hands on the insides of my thighs spreading my legs. Oh Kelly loved this. She enjoyed doing this to me ever since college but then it had been my own wetness that she craved. Here, and now it was a blend of Blake and I, and so help me god, as she began to lap at my pussy, I began to contract and respond.

She held me open and I lifted my legs to rest them over her shoulders. Suddenly she began dragging her tongue up and down my sticky pussy. I was getting that twitchy feeling again and I called out to Blake.

"Help me. For gods sake baby, help me. You do it. I want your mouth on me. I need to have you do it."

I don't know if Kelly wanted to stop or not but suddenly Blake was between my legs and it was his mouth on my throbbing pussy. Kelly had moved up onto the bed and began to suck on my nipple. She brought my breasts together and began to swing her mouth from one nipple to the other, giving each a moment of warm wet attention and all the while she gently massaged my breasts. 

Can anyone imagine what goes on in a girls mind when a real hunk is stabbing his hot tongue deep inside her throbbing pussy and her best girlfriend is dragging her teeth up and down her swollen nipples? I couldn't stop myself.

I cried out. "Oh fuck! Oh my god Blake do something! Talk to me! Do something I'm gonna cum in your mouth." 

He moved his mouth up higher so my hot pink clit protruded enough for him to draw it in between his wet lips and suddenly I felt his fingers moving deep within me. 

He began to slowly turn them, then he begin to move them in and out. I couldn't watch, but in my mind I could see him perfectly and as I began to pant aloud, he broke away and began talking to me.

"I want you Patty. Give it to me baby! Feel me? Come on darling give it to me! Give me your wetness. I want to taste you. I need it! Now! Cum now for me!"

His voice was like the most erotic thing I have ever heard, and his fingers were dancing inside me, twisting and turning as his thumb slid incessantly back and forth across my clit. I bolted up, thrusting my pelvis high and I screamed to the whole world. 

"Yeahhhhhh oh yeahhhhh I'm there! Oh fuck yes, yeah I'm cumming for you Blake, I am! Oh god I love it. It's yours, I'm yours, oh fuck yes, yes yesssss baby oh yes, yesss."

I remember Kelly squeezing my one nipple and biting the other. The combination of pain and the sensations brought on by what Blake was doing to me made me contract so hard that my groin ached. I kept screaming his name and bucking until it finally ended. 

I lay panting and moaning on the bed when I felt Blake draw his fingers from inside me and he lifted my legs and swung me onto the bed. That was when I heard Kelly whisper.

"Do me like that Blake. Tell me you want me to cum for you. She'll be useless for at least ten minutes or more, so fuck me now!"

Thru blurred eyes, and with my chest heaving and gasping for air, I watched Blake stare at Kelly and nod "No". 

"She's not done and neither am I. She can do it again so you just back off and watch. She needs it again so just give me a second to get hard again and let me finish her again."

For one of the few times in my life I saw tears fill Kelly's eyes as she nodded and dropped to her knees and put Blake's shaft in her mouth. Oh hell yes, she was good alright, and I watched his face as she brought him back to life.

She was getting second best. I know she loved doing what she was doing. For her it was an erotic "turn on" and she would probably try to make him cum in her mouth if he let her continue. But he didn't.

I rolled onto my side and watched. He had pulled out of her mouth and his shaft stood hard and erect. It was so rigid at that moment, that it seemed to curve upwards and as he turned towards me he reached out and grasped my hips and rolled me onto my tummy. Still holding my hips he pulled me to a kneeling position and move to kneel behind me. I waited. 

My ass swayed impatiently back and forth waiting for him. And I thought; "is he going to use my ass? Will I be able to take it? Will it hurt?" But it didn't happen.

I felt his cock begin to stab low, just sliding back and forth within the swollen lips of my pussy. The head of his cock kept glancing across my already sensitive clit with each slow, measured thrust, and I began to rock back to meet him. Then, as he held my hips with both hands, his cock suddenly found its target and he slowly inched it deep into my pussy. Oh hell, I have to admit it, I never liked the word "cunt" but I began to babble like a whore, pleading with him.

"Fuck my cunt baby, fuck this little whore, deep and hard. Push it in hard, Deeper, Oh fuck, yeah deep like that!" 

Kelly was almost in a trance as she watched him fucking me. Oh god she gasped. "Look at that cock moving in and out." 

My pussy began to weep its own, syrupy fluid each time his cock pulled back, and Kelly watched as his pistoning cock worked the slippery fluid into a milky cream. 

It began to form a white collar around the base of his shaft and coat his swaying balls. I was being forced to rock back and forth as his thighs pounded against the cheeks of my ass. And now, swaying back and forth, my breasts, with their aroused nipples, being dragged back and forth across the fabric of the bedding.

I could feel the hot inner lining of my vagina clinging to his cock and contracting, it gripped and followed his thick cock as it thrust in and out. That's when I looked back over my shoulder, and called moaned to him.

"NOW! Cummmmmmmming now. Oh fuck Oh yeah give it to me now. Finish me, Oh damn it, shoot in me for gods sake. Finish in me. Do it!" 

Blake began thrusting faster and faster, holding my hips and pulling me back onto his driving cock. He was trying to cum again but it was too soon and all he could do was pound his manhood deep into me.

All I could think was: "He has to finish. I need that. I want to be all he needs, all he wants. I have to have it. Oh god give it to me, Please Blake."

With some degree of satisfaction, Kelly realized that she would again have him and as soon as I collapsed and dropped to the bed, she was on Blake like a starving maniac. 

"Me. Do me now. Fuck me, I need it too.

As soon as Kelly flopped herself down on the bed and spread her legs wide, Blake plunged deep into her splayed opening. For the next ten or so minutes he drove her crazy, forcing no less than three more orgasms in quick succession, And still he was hadn't cum but stayed hard. But now he was gasping for breath. 

Pulling out, with both of us laying on the bed, panting for breath, he turned to go to the living room and get his clothes. Suddenly I couldn't let him go. I nudged Kelly and groaned, "stop him! Lets finish him. I don't care how, but lets do it Kelly." 

Kelly was still gasping, but I was able to get up and stop him. Bringing him back to the bed, we had him lay down. Kelly was on his left and I was on his right. And now we began to take turns.

We had often discussed another contest we might have and now was an opportunity to have it. We would each try to get him to cum. Each of us would have one minute to work on him any way we wanted, before the other would take over. The one who was successful during her one minute period, was the winner. We realized that he was probably exhausted but that would work to our advantage because he wouldn't be too quick and we would really have to prove who was the best. 

Kelly began. She started by sucking his hard cock, wetting it before using her hand to slide up and down its full length as she licked its head with each stroke.

Pulling her away it was my turn and I too began to suck that beautiful rod to get it slippery before I began to jerk it up and down. Again it was Kelly's turn and she spent more time bobbing her head up and down his shaft, now forcing it deep down her throat.

She could take him deeper than I, but it was during my turn that I began to figure him out. Each time I played with his balls as I either jerked him or sucked him, I would press my finger just under his balls and I could feel him begin to contract. 

But before I could get him to cum, it was Kelly's turn. But then her minute passed and I knew I had him. I immediately put my lips over his shaft to wet him, then pressed my finger firmly behind his balls, as I franticly stroked jerked him.

When he gasped the words we had been working so hard to hear, I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue and laid his cock on it. I wanted Kelly to see him cum. And my god did he ever.

Blake almost seemed surprised as he moaned. "Take it! Oh damn it. I'm gonna shoot. Now! I am, I am! Oh my god, take it!" 

It was at that instant that I felt the first spurt of thick milky cum splatter across my tongue and into my mouth. It was followed seconds later by another but much larger gush and then three or four more. My mouth was full and I closed my lips, trapping it just as Kelly grabbed his cock and drove it into her mouth.

I had won, and my mouth was now overflowing with his cum and although I wanted to swallow it, I held it. I wanted Kelly to see what I had done. 

I knew about girls snowballing, but I had never really given it much thought. I mean I really didn't see the reason why girls wanted to do it. But now it was the most important thing on my mind. I had to show Kelly what I held in my mouth and prove to her that I was better. I looked at her face as she tried to drain the last of Blake into her mouth, and she seemed to immediately pick up on my intent.

She released his cock with a slurping sound and lay back with her mouth wide open. I moved to her as if to kiss her and now an inch or so above her open mouth, I parted my lips. 

I couldn't tell how much I let drool into her mouth, and I couldn't know how much I kept in mine but I suddenly had to swallow so sealing my lips, I tilted my head back and swallowed. 

It wasn't what I expected. It wasn't even what the girls in college had described. He wasn't very salty or bitter or any of that. He was thick and stringy, yes, but so are a lot of other things, and I really liked it. And most of all it was him. And that made it special. I could easily become addicted to this but probably only with Blake.

Well Kelly did call her grandfather and put Blake on the phone. And yes Blake did get to work on the project and he did win a very prestigious award for his contributions. But best of all, I got a phone call from him about two weeks after I returned home and we are going to meet tonight. Oh and I am going to introduce him to my room mate. No its not Kelly, it's Pam and although she's rather shy, I think Blake will enjoy her.

Want more, or is this enough?