 "Last call for Delta Flight 793 to Orlando."

I heard it said over the intercom system. I have already missed my flight to Atlanta and could only get a flight out early the next morning. Luckily I do not have to worry about work, I own my own company and called to tell them I would be in tomorrow and to change the interview with a prospective employee to 1pm the following day, I am told that the woman already called and needed to change it for tomorrow as well. Now I am glad that I didn't take the time to put on my business suit an instead opted for comfortable flying attire. My jean shorts and t-shirt fit me snuggly, showing what I want shown in all the right places. I am sure my new sandals will last me a while after the run down to the gate. Well, I will have to make do with booking a hotel tonight and watching TV in my room. Something I just wasn't ready to go do yet.

I now remember seeing the airport bar while running to try to catch my flight. I decide to stop in there for a couple of drinks to calm my nerves. Home life hadn't been too hot lately and a drink would do me good.

Sidling up to the bar "Could I get a cranberry and Absolute, please?" I asked.

While the bartender was getting my drink, I look around to see if anyone interesting was in the bar. There were only a few people in there, including a pilot. On my left, one man looked nervous, downing his drink and ordering another. He must be scared to fly, I thought. Another was a guy trying to read his paper and watch the game, looked to be just killing time. The pilot was in the corner, hat off on the table, suitcase beside the table and watching the game, or so it seemed. Turning to my right, there was a beautiful woman. I didn't even notice her when I came in and she is only a bar stool away from me. She is slowly sipping her drink Sky. She looks sad, like she needs a friend to talk to. She isn't paying attention to anything in the bar, just looking at her drink. 

I watch her. She is truly beautiful. Long dark brown curly hair with a few highlights. A soft face and beautiful eyes. She is thin, just right thin. She is wearing a thin cotton t-shirt with a black mini skirt. She has on black sandals that are hanging from her feet.

It is hard for me to see what could be depressing her. I am sure if she smiled, she would glow. I need to see if I can get her to smile. I need to see it.

What I am thinking, I thought. I am married! To a man!! Bah, you just only want to be her friend, a shoulder to cry on and maybe get her to smile, I think again.

I go over and sit next to her. She sits up straight and looks at me.

"Hi there, my name is Annie, are you okay?"

"Hi. I'm Laurel. I'm okay, just upset at missing my flight!"

"You too?" I laugh. "It looked like you lost your best friend!"

"No, nothing like that, just upset with myself for not being on time".

"I understand that, why do you think I am here too?"

We laughed some more over that and chatted about everything. I ordered her another Sky and I took another cranberry and Absolute. We talked for what seemed like hours, but it was only 45minutes. 

While we were talking I touched her leg to make a point. Laurel looked down at my hand then looked in my eyes. She put her hand on top of mine and she smiled. I smiled back, shocked at first, then with butterflies in my stomach. She touched my arm to reassure me that it was okay, that she was just as shocked, if not just as scared.

We knew, just knew, that what we were communicating through just looking into each other eyes, something was about to happen. 

"Do you have a place to stay tonight?" I ask, a bit shyly now.

"Umm, I haven't thought that far in advance, I'm afraid." Laurel said.

"Well, we could always go to the Hotel I am staying at to see if they might have any room open for you."

"Yes, that sounds like a solid plan" Laurel stated.

All through this conversation, we still hadn't looked away. Laurel reaches up and touches my face and smiles. I nervously look around. Not knowing what to think, but knowing deep down that this is exciting and something I have always wanted to try. It seems that while we were talking, all of the patrons have left without us noticing.

Oh wait, except one. The pilot. He is no longer watching the game, but instead, he is watching us. I look back into Laurel's eyes and communicate to her that we have a voyeur. She smiles. I can tell by that smile to follow her lead.

She takes her hand and traces my face, down my arm, over my hip and down my thigh. I can't take my eyes off of her. I touch her cheek, run my hand thru her hair. Soft, just as I expected. Come back to the face and touch a finger to her lips. She closes her eyes and darts out her tongue. I trace her lush lips, all wet now from her tongue, run my finger down her chin over to the ear and down her neck. I trace her collarbone. She gets a chill and I smile.

All of this started out as an adventure, then as a "show" for our pilot. Now it is erotic and my heart can't seem to slow down. We both know that this will be finished, and we know where. I get a pen out of my purse and write something on a napkin. We stand up and grab our carry-ons. On our way out, I stop by our pilot friend and drop him the napkin. Smile and walk out.

I know he is watching us, as I grab her ass and laugh. We sway our hips for more effect on our way pass the bar window. 

I ask if she has any other luggage and she tells me no. We get outside and I hail a cab. We sneak looks at each other, knowing, anticipating what will happen. All of a sudden we have a friend beside us, our Pilot. The cab pulls up and he opens the door. We get in the cab, me, Laurel and Mr. Pilot. My leg is touching Laurel's. I tell the driver where to take us. I put my hand on her knee and travel it up her thigh, then the inside, she closes her eyes. I feel her panties. They are already wet. I rub the outside, marveled at the feel. 

The driver of the cab is having a hard time keeping his eyes on the road and the rear view mirror at the same time. I look in the mirror and give him a wink. I tell him that if he can get us there faster, he will get a big tip later. The cab roars to life and is swerving us in and out of traffic. 

The pilot is watching it all, I can see a major strain in his crotch. Laurel reaches over and touches the bulge. His eyes go wide and his mouth drops. I smile at him and he relaxes. Not realizing he was going to be so quickly involved. I am still rubbing her pussy thru the panties and edging my fingers up to the rim of them. I start to edge them down and Pilot helps me out. Our eyes meet and smile. Not a goofy smile, but a knowing one. Once the panties are off, I hand them to him. He puts them in his front pocket.

We pull up to the front of the Hotel and I get some money out to pay the cabbie. He turns around and tells me "No Charge". With a huge smile and an even bigger bulge in his pants. I run around to his window and give him a big kiss for his time and speedy delivery. Pilot and Laurel get out and stand next to me.

We all are laughing now while walking into the hotel lobby. I go up to the front desk and get my key. I ask them if we can leave our luggage there for them to bring it up later, much later. I also request two bottles of champagne with 3 glasses. I ask for those to be brought up immediately. He winks at me. We try to casually try to get into the elevator. I push the floor and turn around and Laurel and Pilot are back in the corner. They aren't touching, just watching my every move. I walk back to them and I run my right hand up the front of her, teasing her breasts. Feeling her nipple harden with my touch. I play, toying with it. I hear her moan and see her close her eyes, licking her lips. With my left hand I rub it down the front of Pilot's crotch. He is still hard. I rub him, kneading and molding him to my hand. I am getting hot by the moans from Laurel and the smell of Pilots cologne.

The elevator dings and we all break away reluctantly. I grab his hand, he grads hers and they follow me like school children. We get to "our" room and I slip the key in. We file in and I close the door. We all look at each other, dumbfounded that we have gotten this far. The anticipation is thick in the air. Laurel and I slip off our sandals.

Pilot walks over to the chair and sits down. Not knowing who to look at first or what he should be doing at this point.

I walk over to stand in front of him and ask, "So, Our Pilot, do you have a name?"

He gulps, nods yes and says" Ted, just call me Ted".

"Okay Ted, just Ted, tell me, do you like what you see so far?"

Just then there is a knock at the door and someone says "Room Service". I ask Laurel, "hon, can you get that?" Laurel nods and gets the door. She walks in with the Champagne and flutes. She said, " I put the Do Not Disturb on the door also". I smile and thank her.

"So Ted, again, do you like it?"

"Yes, very much so! This is going to be the best layover I have ever had!" We all laugh at that comment. 

I ask Laurel to pour us some drinks and she does so, willingly.

Still standing in front of Ted, I kneel down. "Here, let me help you with your shoes". I slowly untie his laces; slip the shoes off, then the socks. Laurel comes over and hands us each a flute. 

"Cheers!! To a very happy beginning of what could have been a boring night for all of us!! But, I am sure we will NOT be bored this evening", I smile and wink.

We all take and down our glasses. Laughing afterward because of the bubbles. Laurel takes the flutes and sets them aside and kneels down to the side of Ted. We both look at each other and know that we have to get this man undressed. To see what he has hiding underneath all that uniform. Laurel stands back up and starts unbuttoning his top, slowly, deliberate. I start by unbuttoning his pants, slowly unzipping him. He lifts his hips up to help me ease his pants down. Pants, only his pants for now. Slowly, gliding my hands over his hips, then his groin, the inside of his thighs, down his calves until they are slipped off over his feet. I throw them aside. Laurel is done unbuttoning and is pealing his shirt off of him, down his arms and off, there it goes. I stand up and move next to her. We are staring at him, his cock straining, wanting to come out of his boxers. I look into his eyes and he is pleading with me, giving me a puppy dog look. I shake my head and tell him, "Just wait, patience is the key".

I turn to Laurel and touch her face. She looks at me and smiles. I lean in and kiss her, softly, nibbling her bottom lip, then her top. She has soft lips, oh so kissable. She brings her hands up to my hair and runs her hands thru it. I moan, loving the feel of that. I bring my hand down to the curve of her neck and my thumb is rubbing her pulse on her neck. It is really beating fast, probably as fast as mine. I know she is excited. Just as I am. I take both of my hand and run them up her arms, interlocking our fingers. I bring our hands down together in between us. I put her hands on my breasts and I put mine on her hips. As she is massaging, tweaking, and teasing my nipples, I am inching my hands underneath of her t-shirt. Needing to feel her skin. I pull her shirt up and we break apart briefly to slip the shirt off. Once it is off, I nibble at the collarbone, kiss her neck and work myself back up to her now pouting lips. I then pull away because I want to watch as my hands start to roam again, around to her back. I unhook her bra and let it slip off of her shoulders and onto the floor. I slide my fingers around to her perky beautiful tits. I hold them, like a precious gift, in my hands. I bend down and lick the tip of one nipple. I circle it and tease it to the point it looks like it will seriously explode. I take it in my mouth teasing it with my teeth, nipping at it gently. I pull away and she gasps as the cold air hits it, feeling a void. I go and pay homage to the other one just the same, tonguing it, nipping at it, sucking. I slowly trail away and head back up to her neck. She steps back and smiles at me and says; "Now it is my turn". I do a quick nod and stand there eagerly awaiting what she will do. I am not disappointed. She takes my hands and puts one on her breast while she takes the other up to her mouth and puts one of my fingers in her mouth. She licks it, sucks it, and nips at it. She does each finger, every finger getting a better treatment than the one before. My heart is in my throat. I feel a tightening in my pussy and a wetness overcomes me. She then lifts my arms in the air and takes my shirt off in, what seemed like, slow motion. Keeping eye contact with me until the shirt got in the way. She steps forward and turns me around. She unhooks my bra and puts her hands on my hips and deliberately traces my curves slowly. Up the sides, down the back to the crotch, just a slight teasing touch, up to the belly button until she has my tits in her hands. Teasing them with her thumbs, rubbing them over the nipples while innocently cradling my tits. She nibbles my shoulder, up my neck to my ear, darting her tongue in and out. I feel my legs getting weaker, almost unable to hold me up. I reach back and hold her hips, bringing them closer to me. Her skirt is still up and I run my hands down the front of her, feeling my way to her wet, shaved pussy. I hear the intake of her breath while she bites on my ear for effect. I gently guide my fingers over her lips, spreading them. She spreads her legs apart so I can get more access. I take my finger and lightly touch her clit, she moans. I run that finger down and delve into her very wet hole. She pulls back and turns me around. Takes my hand and leads me over to the bed. 

For the first time, I notice it is a king size bed. No wonder the guy at the desk winked.

Laurel crawls to the middle of the bed and holds her hand out to me to join her. I crawl over to her and take her hand. We and now facing each other on our knees. The only thing that is touching is our hand, but we can feel the heat off of our bodies. I grab her other hand and we stare at each other for a moment. We both lean in at the same time and kiss, this time darting our tongues out to taste each other's mouths. Nothing forceful, just taking samples. We seem to have the same style, nibbling, sucking, and a tease of the tongue. So very sensual. I am finding it is amazing that we are so in tune with each other. Yet, it shouldn't be, we are women and know what we like and how we like to be touched.

Our hands are free again to roam. I start my journey back up to her perk tits, kneading and flicking her nipples. Laurel starts unbuttoning my shorts, easing down the zipper and tugging my shorts over my hips to my knees. I hear two gasps and look over at Ted. Both are pleasantly surprised that I am not wearing any panties. I sit down and she insists on finishing taking them off. She tells me to lay back. When I glance up at her, she has turned toward Ted and offered him her hand. He stands up and you can see the ultimate strain our erotic play has had on him. When he gets to the edge of the bed, Laurel stops him and eases down his boxers for his relief and pleasure. After seeing his cock, hard and standing tall, Laurel whips her head around and our eyes meet, wide with excitement, with our mouths gaping. We smile sweetly to each other knowing what we will and can do with that.

Laurel grabs his hand and pulls him on the bed to kneel by my head. I roll to my side and take my finger and touch the tip of his cock. It brings the immediate reaction of him sucking in his breath. I trace my finger around in a spiral motion all the way down to the underside of his balls. I see a glisten of pre-cum on the tip of his cock and raise my head to dart my tongue out to catch it. I look up to see him squeeze his eyes shut. All the while I am teasing this wonderful part of his body, Laurel is teasing the upper half. Nibbling his back, up to his neck, his ears. While her hands are roaming up and down his chest, fingers circling his nipples. 

Hearing his groans make us more excited than we were before. Having control over this man, making him sweat, teasing him to a brink and stopping. Dominating him. Laurel and I share our glances and smirk.

I go back to paying tribute to his straining cock. Licking and nibbling. Holding his balls in one hand and encircling his cock at the base with the other. I take him in my mouth, a little at first, teasing him, then more of him, and then more, until my hand is no longer needed at the base. I hear him say "Oh My God!" Laurel comes down to my level to see what is happening, she giggles. I pull back and ask "would you like a turn?" She nods and says, "Yes, please." I roll out of the way for her to get in there. While she is licking and sucking him, I start to play with her. I crawl down to her feet and massage them, then slowly move my hands upwards to her shapely calves, traveling my hands in and out and up farther to her thighs. I move to the other side of her so I can have better access to see her and touch her. My hands are back on her thighs, the outside then moving slowly to the inside. Up farther, inch-by-inch. She is starting to squirm; I see her lifting her hips slowly in motion to her sucking and in anticipation of my touch. I tease her, touching very closely, but yet not there. I can hear her moaning while she is sucking, the disappointment at times. I lean down and kiss her belly. It convulses out of shock. I drag my mouth down to her belly button. Darting my tongue in and out. She takes one hand away from him and touches my head, urging me down. I travel my fingers up to her waiting pussy, shining with drips of her wetness. Spreading her lips and rubbing my finger up and down over her clit. She spreads her legs for me to have more access, to go deeper. I take one finger and delve in, and the other fingers are teasing her clit and rubbing. She is squirming with the rhythm and I can hear her panting. I can see her getting closer, her moaning is louder. She starts to buck her hips trying to get my fingers in deeper and I can see her stomach tighten. I tell her "Don't hold back, cum for me". She is whimpering louder, and louder, her hips are out of control. All of a sudden the spasms hit and one after another, she shutters and moans and I stop playing, now just comforting her. Lightly stroking her legs, her stomach, while watching her get her breath back and the stomach relax. I smile, never knowing that I would have ever done this, but so glad I have had the opportunity to please another woman

Ted has taken all of this in and with Laurel's stroking and sucking he is going out of his mind. He says "Oh God! I'm Cumming! Oh Oh GOD!" Laurel pulls back and it squirts all over her face and chest. Ted is panting, trying to control it all, not lose his cool. I come back up on the other side of Laurel and start kissing her, licking up the cum, down her chest. Getting every last drop. Coming back up to her mouth and kissing her soundly so she can taste it as well.

We all collapse on the bed, trying to calm ourselves. All of us with shit eating grins. All of us happy for this chance encounter. And I think I can say all of us are more than ready to do this again.

Ted sits up suddenly and realizes something…"Annie, you haven't gotten your fill yet, have you?"

I say, "umm well, no, but I did have fun watching and helping you both out".

He said with an evil grin" Well Laurel, what do you say we treat her in a way she has never been treated before?"

Laurel grins and says "Oh yes, you just lead the way!"

And Ted starts by...