 We'd hardly had any traffic on the road that led out of town but the full moon had been our constant companion as it threw a ribbon of eerie light onto the narrow twisty path that led us into the countryside. The stillness was in sharp contrast to the lively scenes we'd passed as we'd driven through the suburbs where pumpkin lanterns decorated houses and kids wearing ghoulish costumes trawled the neighborhoods, trick or treating. 

"Dammit," Cray cursed softly as he braked sharply, "I think we just missed the turnoff." He looked for a place to reverse as I glanced at the small map that had accompanied the invitation. 

"Yes it looks like we needed to turn left there and carry on for a couple of miles," I replied. "The entrance to Pilgrims Post is just before the mountain pass. I guess it should be easy to find after that."

Cray ran his hand over my thigh, thoughtful as ever. "You okay babe? You're not nervous are you?"

I smiled into the darkness and shook my head as he guided the car towards our destination. "No," I said a little too quickly, but if I was really honest, I'd admit that I was a little apprehensive but also intrigued by what would unfold. 

Since Cray had arrived home with the unusual invitation a fortnight ago my curiosity had been piqued. I'd never been to an adult Halloween party or a 'Soiree' as this was called but I suppose it was a combination of a number of things that had my interest aroused. 

Firstly, I didn't even know the hosts, but Cray did. Cara and Beth were apparently both attractive blondes who he knew from before we'd got married. I'd jokingly asked if he'd fucked either of them. 

"No chance," he'd said wistfully. "Cara and Beth met shortly after they were both divorced and couldn't keep their hands off each other. As far as I know they're totally committed to each other, but they are definitely very hot and very wild babes." 

I laughed at the expression on Cray's face. It was a combination of regret tinged with that look that guys get when they're imagining two naked women wrapped around each other lustfully exploring lots of hot pussy.

Apparently Cara had successfully managed a small hotel until she and Beth had saved up to buy a place of their own which they now intended running as an exclusive guesthouse. That's where we were headed for the evening's entertainment. Hallows Eve was to be their grand opening and everything was on the house although we had to follow the rules.

The second aspect that I'd found so intriguing was that in keeping with the wicked side of Halloween, the evening promised a wild time for married couples. Everyone would be encouraged to push the boundaries with some group sex play and have borderline sex with other people who were not their intimate friends or close associates. It would be daring and exciting but would stop short of actually swapping partners. 

Frankly, Cray and I had never involved other people in our sex lives. We'd fantasized together about a threesome sometimes when we got into some hard and lustful fucking but it was never anything we'd ever considered for real. We'd seen some of our more adventurous friends start that way then progress to full swinging and end up damaging their relationships. Of course, we didn't want that to happen to us and had pretty much decided to keep the idea of other people as fantasy fodder. But then this invitation arrived and Cray, despite his slightly conservative approach to kinky sex, seemed relatively open-minded and relaxed about going. 

I'd agreed to go without too much convincing. It wasn't that I was bored or anything with my marriage but I'd always secretly held the belief that I was inherently more sexual and definitely wilder than Cray. I kind of liked the idea that the invitation was extended under the cloak of Halloween and in the spirit of its mysterious and dark side. It would allow me to experience stuff that was often thought of as taboo for a married woman without any fear of judgment.

According to the invitation, the place we were going was situated in what used to be a ghost town. It had been boarded up for over fifty years but had now been refurbished to its former glory. 

I smiled wryly at the word 'glory.' From as far back as I could remember I'd always loved quaint little places steeped in history but Pilgrims Post was one of those former mining towns that had survived on its legends rather than its glory. In its day, it had been a typical 'boom and bust' mining town, a remnant of greed and dreams, with a reputation for hard drinking men and loose wanton women. However a couple of months ago it had experienced something of a renaissance with an investor restoring numerous historical buildings and opening a mining museum.

In addition some parts of the town had been declared a national historic site with the original sites being preserved in a state of 'arrested decay' where interiors remained as they'd been left and were stocked with goods that had been found there.

It was only when we pulled up at the last building at the very end of Main Street which was the address we'd been given, that I realized why Cara and Beth had been able to purchase their site. It was a flat roofed two storey structure, but the original rusted and dilapidated signboard remained above the restored façade of the building. 

"Ruby's Place!" I exclaimed, "Oh my God, that's why the invitation said I should dress like a lady of the night."

Cray stared quizzically at me. 

"Come on honey," I said, "Surely you must have heard the stories about Ruby's Place? They've been passed down through the generations and are almost legendary. This was the infamous brothel where that woman went completely berserk when she caught her husband there. She killed him and two of the whores he was with. Ruby was apparently the Madam who owned the place and she got her face badly slashed while trying to stop the madwoman."

"Ouch!" Cray said with a grimace. "Hopefully things are going to be very different tonight."

I laughed but as soon as I stepped out of the car I noticed the quiet. We weren't the first ones there judging from the other cars in the parking area, but there was an eerie silence that engulfed us. And for all the outside lights, Ruby's Place still looked a little darker and creepier than the rest of the buildings on the street. 

A small shiver prickled up my spine. "Do you think this place may be haunted?"

"C'mon baby, you know I don't believe in that poltergeist shit and you shouldn't either."

"Well I don't exactly believe in it," I retorted, "but you know, you can't discount the possibility that they may exist." 

"My love, the only thing that exists tonight is the amount of fun that you and I are going to have," Cray said as he ran his hand over my ass. "Now, did I tell you how drop-dead sexy you look dressed as a hooker?"

***

Cara was the second person to compliment me on my hooker style as we walked into the reception area. She was blonde and petite in a midnight blue mini-dress that showed off her slim legs. She greeted Cray with a hug and a friendly kiss on the cheek and let her eyes run slowly over my body as he introduced us. 

"You look absolutely fabulous, Raquel," she enthused, "And it's so good to meet you. I think you're going to be very popular tonight." 

I laughed a little self consciously. I'd enjoyed my transformation from a demure lady to a brazen hussy but I'd been a little concerned that maybe I'd pushed it too far with the long scarlet evening dress that I'd chosen. It clung to me like a second skin and had a neckline that plunged dangerously low but it showed my braless breasts off beautifully. I was already imagining how the smooth texture of the silk would caress my nipples and keep them at attention for a whole evening. A deep slit ran from the hem up the front of the dress and allowed for my long legs in sheer black stockings to show when I walked or sat. What wasn't visible though were the garter belt and flimsy panties that I was wearing beneath the dress. That was to be revealed later, when my slut personality had gained some more confidence.

"And Cray you look perfect too, "Cara said, "Thanks for sticking to the Zorro look as we requested. Now, please make sure you wear these for the duration of the evening." She smiled as she handed us each a mask and proceeded to don one herself. 

Mine, like hers, was a soft black cover that fitted comfortably around my eyes. I glanced quickly at the ornately framed mirror on the wall and liked what I saw. The mask would give me the courage and the freedom to have as much fun as I wanted without having to worry about being recognized again. But in addition it combined well with my outfit and glossy black hair that hung sleekly to my shoulders. It accentuated my blue eyes and created a dramatic and erotic effect which immediately made me feel very daring and sexy. 

Cray's mask on the other hand was a little more elaborate. It was also geared to obscure the top half of his face but it came complete with a wig of dark hair that totally altered the way he looked. If he'd had any reservations about anyone knowing he was the newest partner from one of the up and coming law firms, he could lay them to rest. His disguise was perfect; nobody would recognize him at all. 

I was excited and nervous as Cara led us through to the dining area where everyone was mingling and sipping drinks. It was a place of old-style elegance and sophistication, with deep carpets and wood-paneled walls.

"Oh my God," I gasped as I caught my first glimpse of the other guests. "I feel like I'm having double vision."

The man nearest to me laughed. "More like quadruple vision isn't it?" 

"Or the after- effects of a very heavy night on the bottle," said a tall voluptuous redhead in a stretch black lace dress that hugged her curves and showed she wasn't wearing underwear. Her breasts were full and round and I couldn't help noticing the way her nipples poked through the fabric of her dress.

The man thrust his hand out to us. "I'm Dave and this lovely wench here is my wife Sandy." 

Cray made the necessary introductions while I tried to get over my surprise at seeing that all the men were dressed in exactly the same way. Obviously they'd all been instructed to wear black pants and shirts with black capes. And they wore the identical mask and wig that Cray did which made it difficult to distinguish one from another. It added to the whole mystery of the evening and I wondered if they'd be distinguishable by their cocks. 

I flushed at my shameless thoughts and gulped down half a glass of Hallows Aphrodisiac, which was being offered around. According to Cara it was a combination of sparkling cider, cranberry juice mixed with ginger, cinnamon, cloves, sugar and a good spike of rum. 

Cray and I exchanged intimate smiles. Cranberry juice always made his cum taste sweeter. I sipped the concoction slowly and enjoyed the warmth that flowed through me. 

A delicious gourmet dinner was served and during that time we all got better acquainted. It helped that there were small name plates on the table identifying each person as none of us knew any of the other couples. Most of the conversation was lighthearted and focused on how everyone had met his or her partner but I also took the opportunity to study the guests a little more closely. 

Sizing up people who were potential fuck partners or sex playthings was a heady business and I was already feeling a little tipsy from the wine I'd consumed with dinner. Of course, in the subdued light of the dining room and with the masks on it was not easy to glean too much, but Dave had nice hands with long pianist fingers that made me think of all the places I liked getting stroked. And it seemed as if Pamela, a curvaceous brunette and her husband Gareth might be younger than us while Sam and Dina were the oldest couple there. 

Dina looked to be holding firm in her forties while I was just getting used to being in my late twenties. She wore a black velvet catsuit slit to the navel and showed plenty of cleavage. Her vividly painted nails were in stark contrast to the white blonde hair she was toying with as she stared frankly at me. There was no doubt she was attractive although 'cool' was probably a better word to describe her, and her attitude was calculating and clearly at ease. I was positive this wasn't her first time playing with other couples.

"You're very pretty," she murmured letting her eyes linger over my breasts. "That long black hair and those red lips of yours...Just like Snow White." She tore her eyes away from me and glanced at her husband. "Isn't she pretty, Sam?" 

"Oh yeah, absolutely gorgeous," he replied flashing me a lecherous grin.

I smiled and sipped my wine before I licked my cherry-glossed lips in the sexiest manner I could manage, leaving the tip of my tongue in the corner of my mouth for a second too long. It was bizarre, I was being hit on by a strange woman and her husband in front of my husband and it felt both strange and exciting. 

All at once the thought of what we were actually there for made me giddy with exhilaration and I felt a seeping wetness between my thighs. Sam had a deep sexy voice. It was smooth and rich, like melting chocolate and although I wasn't particularly attracted to Dina I was getting off on the idea that she was trying to win me over simply to get between my legs.

"Well I don't know about Snow White, but I'm the one who gets to sample all her goodies." Cray's voice cut through my reverie as his arm snaked around my shoulder, signaling his right of ownership. 

A flash of irritation coursed through me but I was not entirely surprised by Cray's reaction. He'd tried to keep his answer light and within the spirit of the topic but I knew that deep down he was a little possessive and definitely conservative. Frankly, I'd been amazed that he'd actually wanted to come to the party in the first place. I moved closer to him and gave his thigh a reassuring pat while hoping to God he wasn't going to create a scene later if and when things got heavy. 

Beth moved the conversation along to how they had acquired Ruby's Place and then the legendary tale of the gruesome murders was recounted. Cara embellished a bit but basically it was the same version that I'd given Cray about the jealous wife running amok and killing her husband and the whores, and then slashing Ruby's face.

"So whatever happened to Ruby, afterwards?" I asked.

"Well, the place was closed while she was in the hospital and the other girls were too terrified to stay. By the time Ruby returned, she was badly scarred and business had come to a halt. It was very sad really." Beth paused. "Ruby never got over losing her looks, and she'd been a beautiful woman in her time." 

She pointed to an old photograph in an ornate frame on the far wall as she spoke. "That's Ruby there in her heyday with some of her girls and Charles, the guy who was murdered. It seems he was a regular customer here." 

I jumped up to get a closer look at the photo while Beth continued, "Ruby kept herself locked up here like a hermit, never going out but surrounded by all her memories until it all got too much..."

"What do you mean?" Sandy asked.

"She committed suicide eventually," Cara said softly. "Poor thing." 

It may have been my imagination but the lights seemed to flicker for an instant and goosebumps prickled across my skin. "So there have been three murders and one suicide in this place?"

Beth laughed lightly. "Yes but that was long time ago."

"You think it may be haunted?" I persisted.

A quick look passed between Cara and Beth, before Cara replied. "Well we haven't seen anything unusual, but..."

"But what?" Sandy and I chimed together.

"Well, a maid has reported seeing the door of one of the rooms opening and closing on its own followed by a strange energy filling the room. She claims it has happened twice during this last week as we were busy getting things ready for the opening." 

"Which room is it?" one of the men asked as he sipped his wine contemplatively.

"No way am I saying," Beth replied with a grin. "I don't want superstitious guests refusing to be given that room." 

"I don't believe in the Loch Ness monster, the tooth fairy, poltergeists or aliens so feel free to give us that room anytime you like," Cray challenged.

Beth smiled and continued. "And the housekeeper swears that the picture of Ruby on the wall here, and another like it upstairs in the hallway, have changed character or positions. She claims she's seen differences. But then again she's a lady who likes a couple of drinks, so who is to believe what she says?" 

Sam let out a bellowing laugh. "You're shitting us right, Beth? Making for a more authentic Halloween?" He took a deep sip from his glass, and still chuckling held it up in a toast. "Well here's to the hotel's good spirits warming the cockles of our hearts." 

"With the emphasis on cocks," Dina said as she drained her glass.

"Well let's say, if there are any spirits here, they should be exorcised after tonight's fun and games," Cara remarked. "It's been too long since there has been a full house filled with horny people here."

"Er um, did someone mention fun and games and horny in the same sentence?" Gareth said joining in the conversation. 

"Oh yeah," Cara said flashing us a sexy smile. "Let's go through to the lounge to play." 

***

Candles and pumpkin lanterns bathed the lounge in a warm glow and a small fire crackled in the hearth. The floor was covered in deep wall-to-wall caramel colored carpeting and the couches had been positioned so that we could all comfortably see each other. A fine wool Persian rug, deep and fluid-resistant lay between the couches and in the far corner of the room stood a large wooden closet. 

"Let me explain the rules for the evening," Beth said as we all settled in. "They're simple enough. We'll play some adult Halloween games which will incorporate show and tell, strip tease, touching, licking, masturbation and toys. Sex with your spouse is great but no one will be forced to do anything they're not comfortable with. No wife swapping or intercourse between couples allowed though. We want Ruby's Place to be respectable for a change," she laughed.

"As respectable as it can be, considering the circumstances," Cray said as a small smile played around his lips. I wondered what he was thinking. Was he imagining Beth being stripped out of her tight leather pants and T shirt with SINNER emblazoned over her breasts, or was someone else already the object of his thoughts?

Cara and Beth began with a little slow dancing to the muted music that played in the background. A hush fell over the room as we watched them press and grind against each other. Beth kissed Cara softly and it built in intensity as Cara slipped a hand under Beth's shirt and kneaded her breast. I was willing to bet that that little display of what could be expected from the festivities got the guys hard in a heartbeat and I have to admit it stirred me as well.

Cara broke away from Beth's embrace. "Okay," she said breathlessly, "Let the games begin. How about, just to get everyone into the mood, we start with Skeletons in the Closet?"

The idea was that each couple would go into the closet. Once inside we'd have to share a sexual secret or a secret fantasy with the others before we could come out again.

Dina and Sam went first and confirmed my suspicions that they had played with others before. There was nothing shy about them and they simply wanted to get things going. Sam admitted that they'd been to a swinger's club a couple of times and had found it a big turn on. "But the wildest thing for me," Dina said dropping her voice, so that we had to strain to hear it coming from the closet, "Was when I watched a guy crawl up to Sam's lap and suck him off. I still fantasize about it often and hope that somewhere some place it will happen again." I felt a warm flush of desire rush through my veins. That was a secret fantasy I had as well. I'd always wanted to see two guys sucking each other's cocks. I smiled at Sam as he came out from the closet and wondered if I might get to see something like that later. 
