 The baggage claim area of the airport was busy and crowded as travelers jostled for position to grab luggage off the conveyer belts. Evan peered over the shoulder of a teenage girl and spotted his bag. He wedged himself into position and pulled the silver case off the belt, then began scanning the crowd for his friend Taylor. It seemed like a futile effort, the sea of faces shifted with people coming and going. Evan felt his cell phone buzz and pulled it out of his pocket and answered the call.

"Hey, I'm about 20 meters behind you," said a familiar voice.

"How long were you going to watch me?" Evan asked, feigning an annoyed tone.

"About this long," Taylor answered, and then the call ended.

Evan turned and began walking through the crowd. He found Taylor and the two men shook hands.

"Did they say why you have an overnight layover?" Taylor asked.

"Weather, that's all they are saying, Thanks for coming to get me. Camping out in the airport does not look like much fun. I'm supposed to back here at nine tomorrow. I can catch a cab if you can't take me," Evan answered.

"I've got some news that might change your accommodation plans," Taylor said.

"You've upgraded me to the master suite?" Evan inquired.

"No. You are still welcome to stay with us, but Shelly had some surprise news for me today. She has decided to observe national nude day. She says she has been prancing around the house without a stitch of clothing on all day," Taylor explained.

"I can get a hotel, no problem," Evan said. He had no objection to seeing Shelly naked, but wasn't sure how Taylor would feel about it. Eric knew his wife would not have an issue with him seeing Shelly nude, especially when he explained the cause. Kara was in favor of almost anything that defied society's norms as long as it didn't infringe on anyone's personal freedom.

"Don't do that on my account. Hell, I'd like to you stay over; it would call Shelly's bluff. She says she thinks nudity should be allowed in more places, but I don't think she's gone outside today, not even the back yard. I'm betting she will find some excuse to stay in our room the minute you show up," Taylor replied. He had mixed feelings about Evan seeing his wife naked. It would be interesting to see what chain of events would be set in motion with Evan's arrival. At worst Shelly would be pissed and spend the evening pouting in their room. At best he would get to see his wife come more times than she imagined possible. Taylor felt his cock stir at the thought of his wife having sex with both he and Evan. It wasn't so much the thought of seeing her get fucked by another man that excited him. It was the thought seeing her climax over and over. Basic biology dictated that she could have more orgasms in a given period of time than he could; Taylor wanted to push her limits and see what happened. He wanted her to feel the same euphoric sense of exhaustion that he did when she fucked him to him to the edge of his endurance. A question from Eric intruded into Taylor's wicked fantasy.

"What do the kids think of her new cause?" Evan asked.

"They are both conveniently away on overnight trips, although they are aware of their mother's clothing optional tendencies. She did march topless in that protest, the one that says women should have the same right to be topless that men have," Taylor said.

"If you are okay with it then I'm game. Let's go call a bluff about being in the buff," Evan said with a smile.

"You think that's funny don't you. Better not quit the day job just yet mister comedian." Taylor replied.

The two friends chatted the entire drive to Taylor's house. Evan remembered his other clothing optional experiences. He had been to topless and nude beaches, usually dragged along with some friends. It was his experience that most of the people at such places were people he had no desire to see naked, although there was the occasional looker. He had seen a few women that looked good enough to be strippers, and may well have been. Seeing Taylor's wife naked would be interesting, but hardly earth shattering. Taylor pulled the car into the garage. Before the overhead door had finished closing the door to the house opened and Shelly emerged in her birthday suit.

Evan was pleasantly surprised. He had never seen Shelly in less than a baggy T shirt and shorts, so he only had a vague idea what her body looked like. She was a tall woman; about five foot eight with an athletic build. Her breasts looked to be about a 36D, they sagged a bit which made the size hard to judge without staring. Her waist tapered slightly and she had a bit of a belly. She was a woman that appeared to be proud of her curves. A narrow strip of pubic hair ended just above her vulva, so her labia were visible. Evan decided she was one of the people that should be allowed to walk around naked. He still was not sure how Taylor felt about his wife parading around nude in front of another man, so Evan made a conscious effort not to stare at her. 

Standing naked in front of Evan was more challenging that Shelly thought it would be. She had been slightly annoyed that Taylor did not make arrangements for his friend to stay at a hotel, but as Shelly watched Evan emerge from the car she began to reconsider her position. Evan did not quite qualify as eye candy, but he was a good looking man. At around six two he was slightly taller than her husband with sandy blonde hair and light blue eyes. Much to her disappointment his hair was cut short, she imagined he would look good with long hair. He was wearing a loose fitting T shirt, but his jeans were snug in all the right places. She wondered if she could persuade him to lose the T shirt in the spirit of national nude day.

"Evan," Shelly called out as she walked toward him as if everything were perfectly normal, "it's so good to see you." She hugged him and smiled. "I hope Taylor told you about National Nude day. He refuses to join in; I guess he is getting old. How about you, care to celebrate the day?" 

"Shelly, let him unpack before you start asking him to strip naked," Taylor said, interrupting his wife. He had no objection to his wife's request, in fact he was starting to hope they would all be without their clothes soon, but he did not want to appear too eager. Shelly had never expressed much of an interest in a threesome, but she did seem to enjoy watching porn videos with group sex, especially the type with two men and one woman. Taylor hoped that the sight of Evan naked would get Shelly in an experimental mood.

"Okay, go get settled in, and then we can talk. Come with me, I'll show you to your room." Shelly replied.

Evan looked a Taylor. Taylor shrugged and nodded for Evan to follow Shelly. The view from behind Shelly was nothing to turn away from. Like her breasts her ass had a bit of sag to it, but Evan knew women ten years younger that would be jealous of Shelly's body. He felt his cock twitch. "Down boy," he whispered to himself.

"This is the guest room, make yourself at home," Shelly said as she opened the door.

The room was clearly used for their hobbies; there was a large desk with various projects on it. Against one wall was a queen sized bed and a small dresser.

"It's a bit of a mess, I spend a lot of time here, and it's kind of my space. Taylor has the garage for his projects," Shelly explained sheepishly.

"It's fine," Evan replied.

"I hope I'm not embarrassing you," Shelly said.

"No, not at all. Live and let live and all that stuff," Evan replied.

"I'm a bit disappointed that Taylor did not join in the fun. Maybe he just needs a little encouragement... or competition," Shelly said, and then she turned and walked away.

Evan unpacked his bag, putting his clothes in the dresser and closet. For such a short trip he could have just worked out of the suitcase, but decided against it. Evan considered Shelly's offer. He had not known her long as he had known Taylor, but her offer seemed sincere. It would be something fun to tease Taylor about. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. It was Taylor.

"Hey, everything okay?" Taylor asked.

"Yea, all settled in, you here for the rent?" Evan asked.

"Shelly said dinner is almost ready. Oh, and I am supposed to say no jacket or tie is required, or pants," Taylor said.

"If it's all the same to you, I think I will keep my pants on for dinner, but all bets are off when we get to desert," Evan said.

"I'm good with that. Don't let me stop you from getting your nude on," Taylor said has he turned to walk towards the dining room. He was beginning to think he had been a bit too quick to dismiss Shelly's idea that they should all be naked. He was starting to think it was inevitable, and probably sooner rather than later. Evan was not treating his wife any differently that he did when she was dressed. Taylor wondered if he would be able to do the same if it was Evan's wife Katrina strutting around completely nude. Although a bit shorter and smaller breasted that Shelly, Katrina could easily star in MILF porn if she wanted to. He wondered if Katrina knew that her husband was having dinner with a naked woman.

Dinner was surprisingly normal; despite the fact Shelly was only wearing a napkin. The conversation turned to subject of national nude day.

"So what inspired you to participate?" Evan asked.

"Curiosity mostly, I wondered what it would be like to spend a day without clothes," Shelly answered.

Evan continued with his questions, "And how do you like it?"

"It was a bit awkward at first, but by lunch I was a lot less self conscious. I will say I am a bit disappointed in my husband's reluctance to join in. He certainly seemed to be willing to ogle me, but I have to use my imagination to see him naked," Shelly replied.

"In my defense," Taylor interjected, "had I been naked I probably would not have made it to the airport to pick Evan up."

"You are such a pig," Shelly shot back, "and I love you for it."

"I have to concur with my distinguished colleague," Evan said, "I don't know how he summoned the willpower to leave the house with you naked," Evan added. He wondered if he had crossed any lines by acknowledging how good Shelly looked without clothes. Despite the face she had not said a word about sex; her body was broadcasting the fact that she was quite aroused. Her nipples stood out from her large round breasts like a wrinkled marble sitting on an amber lily pad. Evan could not decide if he would rather have his lips wrapped around Shelly's nipple or have her tits wrapped around his cock. At the moment his throbbing erection was hidden beneath the table. He realized he needed to steer to subject to something a bit less erotic before dinner ended.

"Tell me about the new addition to the house," Evan said.

"We added a sun room, basically we enclosed the patio. The roof is also a deck for the master bedroom. It has a hot tub, a sauna and a small workout area," Shelly said.

"It could have been better," Taylor interjected.

"He wanted to add a fire pole as a way to get from the deck into the sun room," Shelly explained.

"It's going to be awesome, the deck would have a reproduction of the Tardis [JCB1]on the deck, get in and side down... it would be bigger on the inside than on the outside. And the pole won't just be for sliding down... bow chica wow wow" Taylor added, doing his best impression of cheesy porn music.

"I suppose he will eventually wear me down, he always does..." Shelly lamented.

Much to Evan's relief the conversation turned to the details of the addition. The talk of issues with plumbing permits and contractors caused his cock to return to a more relaxed state.

Shelly began to clear the plates. When she picked up Evan's plate she turned to him and said, "So I'm about to serve dessert, would you like to make yourself comfortable?" She grinned, telling Evan she had overheard his comment earlier.

"Yea, I guess it's time to put up or shut up," Taylor said from across the table. He smiled as he goaded his friend.

Evan pushed his chair back and stood up, "When in Rome..." 

Shelly tried to act uninterested as she carried the dishes back to the kitchen, but watched out of the corner of her eye as she prepared the desert plates. She found it a bit ironic that she was the one trying not to gawk; Evan had behaved like stripping down after dinner was nothing was out of the ordinary. Evan stripped off his shirt to reveal an impressive body for a man his age. His chest was covered in blonde hair. He didn't have a barrel chest, but it was obvious he worked out. The covering of hair continued down his abdomen. When he unbuttoned his jeans Shelly stopped pretending she wasn't watching, "Take it off, take it all off," she yelled from the kitchen.

Even smiled at her, and then slipped out of his jeans. He draped them over the back of his chair, then hung the shirt over them. One at a time he removed his socks, tucking them into his shoes. He paused; Shelly wondered if he was done. Her eyes flicked down to his crotch just long enough for her to see he did not have an erection. She was both relieved and a bit disappointed. It would have been awkward if Evan had a hard on, but it would have also been flattering. She smiled when Evan slowly pushed his underwear down. She could not help but look at his penis. Evan looked to be slightly larger than what she considered average, essentially the same size as her husband. Again she was relieved and disappointed. There was one intriguing difference, unlike her husband, Evan was not circumcised. Shelly resumed her kitchen duties, hoping that neither of the men had noticed her checking Evan out.

When she served Evan his dessert she noticed he was sitting on his underwear. She stared at the sight of his boxers on her dining room chair.

"Didn't want to get pubes on your chair," Evan explained, "You obviously don't have that issue," he said, glancing at her neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair.

"Oh," Shelly replied, not sure if she should be embarrassed for looking or happy he was so considerate.

"Oh, so only naked people are served here," Taylor said, the expression on his face showing that he was joking.

"It is national nude day sir," Shelly said, "so people in the spirit of things get priority. Perhaps you should join in." She set a plate in front of him then took her seat.

As they finished their meal Taylor made a suggestion, "Who wants to go take a soak in the hot tub?"

"That sounds good," Shelly answered eagerly.

"I agree, is the tub clothing optional as well, or do I need to grab my suit?" Evan asked.

"There's nothing optional about it, it is a no clothing zone," Shelly said, looking defiantly at her husband.

"I'll take that into consideration," Taylor replied as he stood up. The signs of Shelly arousal were unmistakable. Evan smiled and mumbled to himself, "I love it when a plan comes together."

"You two head out, I will clean up and meet you out there," Shelly said.

"Let me help you," Evan said, grabbing his plate.

"Sounds good, I'll go uncover the tub," Taylor added. He was somewhat relieved that Evan was helping with the kitchen chores. Taylor had decided he would comply with his wife's wishes, but seeing her naked at the table caused his cock to swell. When she licked the whipped cream off her fork his cock became a full blown erection. Taylor planned to be in the tub by the time Shelly and Evan joined him, his erection hidden behind a curtain of bubbles.

Amid the clatter of dishes being rinsed and loaded into the washer Shelly began to feel a bit embarrassed by her swollen nipples and obviously wet pussy. She wondered why Evan was not showing any signs of arousal. Shelly had noticed the large bulge in her husband's shorts, despite his attempt to hide it. She knew Evan's wife well enough to know that Evan liked to fuck. As she put the final plate in the dishwasher Shelly rationalized that she was horny because there was no doubt that at some point in the evening Taylor was going to fuck her, Evan probably had no expectation of getting laid. Shelly wondered what Taylor would say if she suggested he watch her fuck his friend. She thought about a T-shirt she had seen at the mall, it said 'It's not cheating if my husband watches'. Shelly quickly dismissed the thought. She wasn't that kind of woman, and Taylor probably did not want to see his wife riding another man's cock. Having sex with Evan suddenly seemed both very complicated and desirable.

The moment they entered the kitchen Shelly took the plate from him, foiling his plan to use washing dishes as a way to stop thinking about fucking his friend's wife. He had traded one distraction for another since the moment he walked in the door and saw Shelly in all her naked glory. His invitation had said nothing about wife swapping, but Taylor had seemed to be hinting that he and Shelly would be interested in a threesome and Shelly was not making any attempt to hide her arousal. The unknown factor was who Shelly was hot for. Evan wondered if he could jack off in the hot tub without Taylor or Shelly noticing. Coming in the tub would be a lot better than a case of blue balls. Evan had been able to suppress the rather naughty thoughts about Shelly during dinner when they were chatting about subjects that were not sexual. But now the sight of Shelly's hard nipples and the smell of her arousal were chipping away at his ability to suppress the swelling in his cock.

"I've got this," Shelly said adding the plate to a stack on the counter, "You should go see the new addition, I'm sure Taylor is dying to show you where he wants that fireman's pole."

Evan wandered into the room. The first thing he noticed was that Taylor was now naked as well. Evan was even more confused, Shelly had practically chased him out of the kitchen, but Taylor's nakedness hinted that something else was going on. Evan glanced around the room, "Wow, this is nice. Hot tub and a sauna, you guys really went all out. You are right, a fire pole would be great," Evan said.

"The deck was designed with that in mind, it will probably happen in the next year or so," Taylor said.

Evan turned a looked around the room, "Is that a massage table?"

"Yea, it is. We took went to a massage workshop and had so much fun I built one for the house," Taylor hesitated for a moment, "want to try it out?"

Shelly put the last plate into the dishwasher and started it before heading for the spa room. She still was not sure what Taylor and Evan were thinking. Being naked in front of them had been a bit of a thrill, but she was not sure how much further she wanted to take this experience. Evan was a good looking guy, and his wife was just enough of a free spirit to give him the okay to fool around a little, but Shelly was not sure she shared that viewpoint. She thought she heard voices as she approached the spa, but the sounds remain indistinct as she got closer. Shelly stopped and listened. She felt her skin turn red the moment she realized that it wasn't words that were drifting through the house, it was moaning. She covered the remaining distance to spa as stealthily as possible, and then peeked around the corner. Her eyes behind a sight that both shocked and aroused her. Evan was face down on the massage table; Taylor standing beside the table pressing his hands into Evan's back. Taylor was in the perfect position for Shelly to see her favorite parts of his anatomy, his ass and legs. Taylor's upper body was nothing to complain about, but years of mountain biking and hiking had developed his lower body into a work of art, the only flaw being a blindingly white ass that contrasted starkly with the rest of his tanned body.

Shelly had been exactly where Evan was, she knew exactly how Taylor's strong hands felt. She took a step back. She found the sight of the two naked men immensely arousing. Shelly felt her nipples stiffen and she was unable to resist the temptation to touch them. Her angle of view did not allow Shelly to see if either man had an erection, but at the moment she did not care. She did have an excellent view of Taylor's arms and back. She could see his muscles ripple as he massaged his friend. Shelly pinched her nipples and then tugged on them. A quiet moan escaped her lips, but she quickly stifled it. Shelly did not want to disturb the scene unfolding in front of her. She lowered one hand and placed it between her legs. Seeing Evan strip down after dinner had made her a little damp, but now she was practically dripping. She stabbed two fingers past her labia and buried them deep inside her body. Shelly bit her lip and did her best to control her breathing. She looked at her husband, wondering what it would be like to stand right behind him as he kneaded Evan's back. She thought about what it would be like to sit where Taylor was, running her hands over Evan's back while her husband stood behind her and caressed her breasts. The arousal that had been building all night quickly intensified as she watched the two naked men and touched herself. Shelly could not believe what she was seeing and she could not believe what she was doing. She knew she should stop, she should back up and loudly approach the room so the men could decided if they wanted to put on a show for her or not. But she didn't. Instead she pressed the heel over her hand against her mound and drew her fingers out enough to touch her clitoris. At the same time she began to caress her breast. Shelly leaned against the wall for balance as her body began to tingle all over. Shelly did not hear the wet sound her fingers made as she thrust them into her pussy and pulled the out. The sound of her breathing and her pulse drowned out all other noises. Shelly could feel her climax building and part of her wanted to stop this decadent exercise. But she was past the point of no return, the siren's song of orgasm was too strong to resist. When the ecstasy of climax crashed into her Shelly felt her knees buckle and she leaned against the wall for support. She continued to drive her fingers into her pussy until her orgasm had run its course, and then she sank to the floor. The tile felt cold against her sweat soaked skin. 
