 My girlfriend Claudia and her twin sister, Monique, had just watched John fuck my ass. We had all spent the evening at a costume party. I was still wearing part of my costume as a Victoria's Secret angel in fact. 

I had collapsed onto one of the two beds in our hotel rooms.

"Oh my god Bobby...," Monique said. "Your ass is gaping open!"

I moaned a confirmation. It FELT agape. 

"I bet I could get my entire hand in there..." she said. 

I immediately turned around. It was one thing to get fucked by a nice big dick, it was another to have a fist in you.

"OK, girls we held up our end of the bargain now it's your turn," I said trying to change the subject. 

The girls had promised they would fuck and suck each other if we did so first. It's every man's fantasy to be with twins. It's every sick man's fantasy to watch them fuck each other. 

"I got an idea," Monique said. "Why don't we all get in the shower and clean up."

I looked at John who was still sitting in the chair where I rode him until he came in my ass. He looked a bit out of it and was slowly stroking his big soft dick. He gave me a little smile before nodding his head "yes."

The girls took off my makeup with some make up remover before we all worked our way into the shower. We all barely fit. I was the farthest from the showerhead, Monique was next to me, Claudia was next to her, and John was standing almost under the shower head. 

The girls, who were getting the lion's share of the water, bathed first. They took turns soaping each other up and washing each other's bodies. My dick was getting hard again. I spied John who was already stroking his big dick on the opposite side of the bathtub. 

When they were all soaped up the girls began to giggle before beginning to French kiss each other. I heard John moan out loud. It was super hot. I looked down and saw my girlfriend's hands squeezing her sister's ass firmly. I joined in and started running my hands all over both girls. 

Monique broke the kiss and turned around.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh," she said shaking her head at me. "Sissy didn't say you could touch me!"

I gave Claudia a puppy dog stare and asked her if I was going to be able to enjoy her sister's body. She kind of laughed.

"Well, it doesn't really feel like you'd be cheating since we're almost identical, so go crazy!" she said.

"Nice!" John said, obviously happy for me, and perhaps happy since this probably meant he also had the green light with both girls. 

We both worked our hands over the girls. Whereas Claudia was totally shaved, her sister had a thin landing strip above her pussy. She also had a ho tat over the small of her back. Other than that they were pretty much the same. 

The girls continued to kiss each other when I reached down and started fingering Monique's pussy. I was surprised by how wet it was considering we were in the shower. She moaned as I played with her clit.

After a few minutes, the girls switched spots with me and John. We looked at each other and started kissing. I could feel John's hard dick against my thigh. My own dick was hard again. 

"I'm gonna wash your ass Bobby," Monique warned me. "Is that OK?"

"Be gentle," I said. "John really stretched me out."

John and I continued to kiss. I felt his hand on my dick and he started stroking me. At almost the same time, I felt Monique run her hand between my ass cheeks. My asshole was tender after getting fucked. I could feel her finger my asshole. Truth be told, it felt good.

I started moaning as she worked a second finger in my ass. The soap on her hands burned a little though. We all finished up, got out and dried ourselves.

"So are you girls going to keep your end of the bargain or what?" John asked with a wicked grin on his face. 

"Patience!" Claudia said with an evil laugh.

The girls walked over to the bed closest to the bathroom and laid down. They wrapped into each other's arms and continued their kissing. I grabbed the video camera and started in on the action.

I realized that the girls were fingering each other's wet pussies. 

The girls took turns sucking each other's tits, pussies and even asses. It was hot. After about 15 minutes, Monique started to cum as she and her sister finished off a torrid 69. 

Before Claudia came, I looked over at John.

"Come suck me off," he said to me with a stern look on his face. 

I knew that I had promised to be his cocksucker and that meant that I had to obey him when he asked. I liked being his cocksucker.

We both positioned ourselves at the foot of the bed so we could get a good view of the girls fucking. I handed the camera over to John as he was standing and had a better angle of the bed. I was on my knees like a good little cocksucker and was working his big dick. 

After another minute or two, Claudia began to moan. Her sister had gotten her off with her tongue. The girls got off of each other and laid there catching their breath, head to toe. 

I went ahead and decided to focus on sucking the big dick in front of my face. I loved feeling John's big dick hit the back of my throat when I sucked him kneeling down. Unlike when I sucked him laying down, I couldn't swallow as much of his dick. 

I closed my eyes as I milked the precum from my lover's big dick. Suddenly I felt someone kneel next to me. Monique was kissing and licking John's thighs. I took his fat dick out of my mouth and offered to share. She began to suck his cock head as I started sucking his nuts. I loved gently biting them one at a time. They were like small robin's eggs. 

John moaned out loud at the attention his dick and balls were receiving. Claudia finally worked her way to us. She was laying on her stomach on the bed to my right, at about the same level as me and Monique. 

I pulled John's big dick from her sister's mouth and offered it to her. She smiled and started sucking his big dick. Monique and I greedily fought to suck his nuts. They were so big that we were both able to latch on to one, me his right nut, Monique his left. 

After a few minutes John was obviously going to cum. 

"Cum on all of us baby!" Monique said. "Shower us!"

John grabbed his dick and stroked it as fast as possible. Suddenly he grunted and started spraying us with his cum. Most of his load landed on me. I had opened my mouth with hopes of getting a taste of his sweet cream. He worked to get some of his spray on the girls, too. On his way from Monique to Claudia, a nice big spurt of cum landed directly in my mouth. I swished it in my mouth and savored the sweet, creamy cum.

When John was done he fell back and landed on the other bed. The girls and I worked to lick the sweet cream off of each other. 

"Fuck...," John said trying to catch his breath. "That was amazing!"

The girls and I spent the next few minutes kissing and licking John's sweet cream off of each other. We finally finished and all got into the empty bed. I had one girl on each side of me. 

"That was fucking hot sissy," Monique said to her sister, who had started stroking my dick. 

"I wanna see you fuck John baby," Claudia said to me.

I looked over at John. He looked tired. It was past midnight. We'd had a few beers and the fucker had cum twice already, not counting the blow job I gave him at the party.

"Hey John," I said. "Get your punk ass over here so I can fuck it."

John and I had not spoken about our mutual agreement almost ever. I was his cocksucker and had to suck his dick whenever he asked, and he was my little bitch and he had to let me fuck his ass whenever I wanted. 

The weird thing was that the longer things went, the more seriously we were taking our obligation to the other. It seemed to be important to each of us to honor our word as ridiculous as it was at times.

John obediently got up and crawled into the second bed with all four of us. There was hardly any room. 

"I want you to ride me," I said. "Show the girls how good you ride me."

Claudia handed me the lube and I told the girls to make sure they lubed up John's ass really well. Monique immediately jumped up to get on it. I had Claudia get between my legs and had her suck my dick. 

When I was confident that John's ass was slick enough and that my dick was hard enough, I lubed up my cock and had John sit on my cock. Monique helped guide my dick into his waiting ass. 

Claudia took the opportunity to sit on my face. I lapped at her honey pot with my tongue. Her pussy juice was tangy and sweet. She began riding my face for all it was worth as John slowly rode my hard dick. 

It felt great to feel his tight ass envelope my hard dick. He would moan every time my dick throbbed. Again, my dick wasn't incredibly long, but it was super thick – as thick as John's. 

I could hear, but not see, Monique. She was totally getting off to the fuck. I felt her breath every once in a while as she had her face just inches away from my dick and John's tight ass. She was watching my dick enter and exit his sweet ass.

At one moment I felt her tongue on my balls and it felt fantastic.

After a few minutes I could tell that Claudia was about to cum. She could only have one orgasm at a time claiming her pussy was so sensitive, she had to take a break after one.

"Arrgh!" she yelled, grinding her pussy against my tongue. 

"I'm cumming!" she screamed. "I'm cumming baby!"

I continued to lick her pussy, ignoring the great job that John was doing riding my cock. He had gotten really good at fucking. After Claudia got off my face, I had John slow down. I wanted to change positions. 

After taking a quick break, I had John lay down on his back. Monique sat on his face. I pulled his knees to his chest and mounted him. With one long push, I bore my entire dick into his ass. I met with a little resistance, but not enough to make me slow down.

John grunted and moaned as he tried to eat Monique out. He had never done it before, but seemed to be doing OK judging from her reactions. 

I asked Claudia to pick up the video camera and to start shooting.

Within a minute or I was fucking my buddy's ass as hard as I possibly could. The entire bed was shaking and he moaned and grunted every time I bottomed out. 

"Jesus Christ!" Monique yelled. "This is so fucking hot!'

"John is my little bitch," I explained to Monique. "He lets me fuck his ass whenever I ask. No matter what."

Monique's eyes filled with lust after I said that as she continued to ride my friend's face, as she leaned into me to share a sloppy, nasty kiss.

"You guys wanna see something really cool?" I asked breaking the kiss off.

Both girls readily agreed. I had each one get opposite each other with their faces pointed towards John's stomach. I pushed his legs forward to where he was almost laying on his shoulders and got him into the proper position. I knew that I could easily milk him from this angle and started to slowly pump my dick into him.

"Arrggh!" he grunted the first time my dick hit his gland. 

On cue hot, white cream shot out of his dick. 

"Oh fuck!" Claudia said almost in awe still shooting video for us. 

Both girls continued to watch as a small puddle of white, sweet cream formed on John's stomach. He was now grunting with every stroke. His own dick had grown rock hard. It was so long and heavy it was making contact with his stomach. 

The entire show was pushing me to the edge. I was drilling John's ass at this point with every thrust making him squirt his cream. The girls were totally transfixed by all of this. I started picking up speed and started to really fuck my friend's tight asshole. 

"I'm gonna shoot my load in your ass buddy!" I announced. 

"Do it!" John said. "Do it!"

Monique had begun to finger her own pussy. She was totally getting off to our show. 

"Jerk me!" John shouted, almost begging. "Please someone jerk me!" 

Monique reached for his big dick and started pumping it as fast as possible. She began to jerk his monster dick. I was hoping to cum at the same time as my friend like real lovers do. The moment right before I came my dick throbbed making John grunt.

As I shot my hot load into his hot asshole, his own dick erupted like a volcano. It almost seemed like my cum was shooting out of his dick to me as I continued to dump my load deep into his bowels. It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen. 

I looked over at Claudia who was still getting all of this on the video recorder. Her mouth was wide open and she looked totally stunned by what had happened. 

On the other side, Monique was getting ready to get herself off. I was still slowly fucking my friend's asshole. Monique squealed as she came, jerking herself in a fury. 

I slowed down my actions and began to get up. Claudia was getting a shot of my dick exiting John's freshly fucked ass, as it hung in the air. At the moment that my dick emerged a large cum bubble erupted from his asshole. 

"Jesus this is too fucking hot," Claudia said in a whisper. "One of you fuckers better get it up soon cuz I need to get fucked and fucked hard!"

We all laughed at Claudia as John and I both collapsed into a pile on the bed to catch our breaths. Claudia was totally worked up. We agreed that the first one of us to get a hard on would fuck her.

"I got a better idea guys," Monique said chiming in. 

She had found the dildos in our sex bag. After grabbing the eight inch job she got between her sister's legs and started fucking her with the dildo. 

"Oh sissy!" Claudia moaned. "I need a real dick in me!"

We all laughed.

"This is gonna have to do until one of these guys can get it up," She said almost as if to challenge us. 

John and I rearranged ourselves to watch the show. Claudia closed her eyes, bit her lip and squeezed her big tits as her twin sister fucked her pussy with a big dildo. I immediately reached down and started stroking my dick. I had just cum minutes before, but it was starting to grow.

To my surprise, John's own dick was also starting to get larger. He had also just shot a load a few minutes before as I was fucking him. We looked at each other and I gave him a wink.

After just a few minutes, I was able to get my dick hard. I called Monique off and mounted my girlfriend. Her pussy was tight, but was no comparison to John's tight ass. I fucked her as hard as possible. She was moaning and groaning. 

"Baby why don't we see if John can fuck you, while you're fucking me?" Claudia suggested. 

I wasn't even sure if that was possible, but was definitely up for it. 

"What about me you bitch?!" Monique asked. "I want some dick in me too!"

We agreed the girls would switch out and that John and I would swap places after a few minutes. Plus, one of the girls had to shoot video.

I got into a position where I was standing while fucking Claudia on the bed. I tried to stick my ass in the air to make it a nice target for John. Monique lubed my ass, while I slowly continued to fuck her sister. I could feel her put maybe three fingers as deep as she could in my ass. It felt good. 

I could tell that Monique was totally getting off to fingering my ass. She was being very aggressive, obviously wanting to see how much of her small hand she could shove in my ass. John finally got tired and kind of moved her out of the way. 

John greased his own dick up before placing his cockhead against my ass. I had gotten pretty good at taking the monster into my ass by this point. As if by magic, his dick disappeared into my ass with little effort. 

I grunted as he buried his monster dick into me. Monique, who was taking video at this point, moaned loudly as she watched his dick fuck my ass.

After coordinating our efforts we finally found a good rhythm. Mostly I pushed my hips down to fuck Claudia and back up again to help John fuck my ass. It was a unique feeling to fuck and be fucked at the same time. I almost had to remember to breathe as it was easy to get lost in this group fuck.

"Baby, I'm gonna cum!" Claudia said after about five minutes. "I'm gonna cum!"

She reached down and started playing with her clit. As promised, she let loose with her orgasm.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she screamed as her body convulsed. 

I tried to pick up my pace, but found it difficult with a big dick in my ass and my friend almost on top of me. When Claudia was done cumming, John pulled out of my ass, and I pulled out of Claudia. 

We took a few minutes to catch our breaths before Monique laid down on the bed to get fucked. 

"Uh no offense Bobby, but I want the big dick to fuck me," Monique said to me.

"That's OK, because I'd rather fuck John's tight ass than you're sloppy, loose pussy!" I said laughing.

John and Claudia laughed with me. Monique not so much.

John got into a similar position as me earlier and started fucking Monique. She grunted as he worked his big dick into her little pussy. Both Claudia and Monique were not big girls. They were maybe 5'4" and 115 pounds apiece. John's dick had to be tearing up Monique's pussy as it had torn up Claudia's back in the cabin weeks before. 

Tears came out of her eyes as she gritted her teeth. She was as trooper however, taking all of his dick into her.

When John had found a good rhythm, I finally got behind him. Claudia was standing next to me taping. I placed my greased up dick against his sweet, round ass and lined it up. I grabbed his thighs and pushed as hard as possible. In one long punch I was buried balls deep in my friend's tight asshole. 

John winced in pain. 

"Damn that hurt a little," John said. 

"Sorry buddy!" I said laughing. 

He turned around and continued to fuck Monique. It was a very strange fuck, fucking my friend while he fucked the girl. I could tell that Claudia was getting off to all of it. She moved to the top of the bed and interviewed her sister.

"Sissy, how does it feel to be fucked by a cucumber?" she asked her sister.

"Fuck, it hurts. He's filling me up completely," Monique said.

"Do you now wish you could have been fucked by the boy penis of my boyfriend," Claudia asked. 

Everyone laughed but me.

"You didn't think it was so small a few minutes ago bitch!" I said to John. 

After a few minutes I could feel the cum start to boil to the surface. Monique had gone to her happy place as getting fucked by John's huge dick was apparently too much. As far as I could tell, John was not anywhere near cumming. 

I selfishly grabbed his hips and started ramming my dick into him. He lost his rhythm and allowed me to fuck him as hard and fast as possible. I felt the cum boil up from my balls and shoot into this tight ass.

"Oh yeah!" John moaned. "Your cum feels so hot today!"

I looked over at Claudia who was getting all the action on camera and smiled. 

"John is a great fuck!" I said to the camera with a wink.

I pulled out of John's tight ass and allowed him to continue fucking Monique. I took the camera from Claudia. Before putting it on the tripod I got some video of my cum oozing out of John's freshly fucked ass. 

I then told Claudia to lie next to her sister so I could fuck her with my semi-hard dick. 

John and I both fucked the girls at the same time. The girls were loving it. Claudia started playing with her sister's clit. Monique began to cum almost immediately. Claudia then turned her hand on herself and began to jerk herself off as I fucked her with my semi-hard dick. 

"How are you still fucking after you just came baby!?" she grunted at me.

I just smiled and shrugged. The girls both came at least once more each, but I could tell that John was no closer at cumming than a few minutes before.

"John you're gonna have to stop," Monique said. "I'm all dried out and my pussy is getting raw!"

John gave Claudia a sad puppy dog look to see if maybe he could finish up with her.

"Oh hell no!" she said. "Fuck your boy toy over here! He's the only one in the room who seems to be able to handle that freakin' anaconda."
