 This is another in a series of real-life stories recounting some of my early sexual experiences. As in the other stories, events are related as the actually happened using real-life language instead of the porno fantasy screaming and implausible activities. If you want that, read another story. I also change names to prevent even the possibility of an innocent person being identified, especially me.

When I was eighteen I had an experience with a couple in my neighborhood (see my Neighbors story). While it wasn't my first sexual experience, it was by far my most important and exciting up to then.

I had a somewhat steady girl named "Anne." We had done the heavy petting that most teenagers do, but we had not yet actually fucked or sucked each other yet. I was at her house one summer day alone while her Dad was at work and her Mom was away playing bridge. We were on the couch necking and feeling each other up. She was jacking my cock while I was finger fucking her. She whispered in my ear, "I want to suck your cock." I was surprised but delighted. I said, "Okay, but only if you'll let me eat your pussy."

She got on her knees in front of me and started licking the head of my cock and then took the whole thing into her mouth. As she slowly began to take all of my cock in her mouth she continued to stroke by dick with her hand. She had some problems getting her mouth around my cock and swallowing it. She gagged a little, but kept it up. When she got about four to five inches in, she started back up.

She was doing great! I couldn't believe it. She'd changed from an inexperienced neophyte to a cock sucking slut overnight. It took her about two minutes to bring me to an intense orgasm. She swallowed every drop of cum and looked up at me with a smile and said, "How was that?" I said, "Unbelievable! Where did you learn how do to that?"

She said, "Bill and Sandy showed me."

"What!" I said.

"Look, they told me about you guys. I know you've fucked them, so don't act so innocent." She was grinning like a cat as she said this.

I'm sure I turned several shades of red and stuttered and sputtered, "When did you talk to them? I didn't even know you knew them."

She said, "I met Sandy for the first time at the health club last week. Want to hear the whole story?"

"You bet I do!" I said.

"It'll cost you." She said with an evil grin. "You've got to eat me first. I know you know how. Sandy told me you ate her. You should also know that she and Bill ate my pussy so I'm expecting some good head form their star student."

"Lay down slut." I said. She quickly pulled her panties off, threw herself back on the couch and spread her legs. I changed places with her, got on my knees and started licking her sopping wet clit. I applied all of the techniques that Sandy showed me using my tongue and fingers. I finger fucked her pussy and asshole while the tip of my tongue flicked faster and faster over her puffed-up clit. She began arching her back and squirming. She grabbed my head and pushed my mouth into her bush moaning and hissing. In just a couple of minutes her body stiffened and shuttered as she began to cum. She cried out, "Oh god, oh god, I can't stand it! Don't stop! Don't stop!" She finally released and pulled my face out of her cunt. Gasping for breath, she said, "Good grief! I can't believe it! You're as good as they are!"

I crawled up on the couch beside her and said, "Okay, fess up. I want to hear every word."

She pulled her feet up under her butt and said, "Okay, this was the most intense experience I've ever had. I get wet even thinking about it! So get ready for the hard on of your life."

Anne settled back and began the tale.

"You know that my family belongs to a health club and I go once or twice a week to exercise, swim or jog around the track. I was there last Saturday in the workout room lifting some weights with one of the personal trainers. Her name is Susan. She was taking me through a set of lower body routines to build up my legs and firm up my butt. She's about twenty-two, very attractive and has a body I'd kill for. She has, I guess, 36D tits, a really cute ass and great legs. I couldn't help staring as we went through the routine."

"We were just finishing up when this Greek goddess walked up and grabbed Susan's ass and said, 'Hey, cutie. Who's the looker?' Susan jumped, turned and said, 'Good golly Sandy, you scared the shit out of me! Meet Anne, she's a member here and we're working on her lower body.' The goddess smiled showing the most beautiful set of teeth I've ever seen and looking at me said, 'I wouldn't mind working on her lower body myself!'"

"I was just setting on the workout bench with my mouth hanging open staring at the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on. Of course, you've met Sandy so you know what I mean. She's unbelievable, isn't she? Well anyway, Susan introduced us and I stammered, 'Glad to meet you. Are you a member?' She said, 'Yes I am. Susan and I work out together all the time. It's a pleasure to meet you. Do you mind if I join you?'"

"Well to get to the good part, we finished the workout and went to the locker room. It was about 9:00pm and the showers were empty. The club was deserted and Susan said, 'I guess we're the last ones. I'll have to lock up.' Sandy said, 'Oh goody, we've got the place to ourselves. This is great!' I had no idea why she was so excited, but I was to soon find out."

"We got undressed and went into the shower room. I started showering and washing my hair. Sandy came up behind me and said, 'Here let me get your back.' Before I could open my mouth I felt her hands soaping my back down. She has such wonderfully strong but gently hands. She rubbed my shoulders and neck kneading and massaging my sore muscles. It felt fantastic. I just sort of stood there with my neck bent down enjoying the massage. Sandy moved her hands down to the small of my back and continued the massage. I was in heaven. Her hands then moved down to my ass. She was squeezing and spreading my cheeks. I was beginning to feel a little strange, but didn't move or say a word. She spread my cheeks and placed a finger right over my asshole. She moved her finger down from my asshole to the bottom of my pussy and started moving her finger up and down over my cunt. She pressed her body against mine and started kissing the back of my neck. I was getting both nervous and excited. I found myself spreading my legs and closing my eyes. Susan then came up in front of me and took my face in her hands and kissed me softly. I had never been kissed by a woman before, but I was in no condition to object. While Susan's tongue explored my mouth, Sandy was seriously finger fucking me from behind. Susan began moaning and broke the kiss. She bent down and starting sucking on my right nipple while she pinched my left nipple. God, I could barely stand up. I was having my nipples sucked and pinched and my pussy fingered by two gorgeous women!"

"Just as I was starting to cum, Sandy said, "Let's get this little whore down on a bench and fuck her silly and I want my cunt licked while I do it." They led me all wobbly-knee by the hand out of the shower room to the locker room and laid me on a bench. Sandy got between my legs and bent them back over my chest and put her face in my bush. I could see Susan getting on her knees behind Sandy."

"I was squeezing and sucking my tits and nipples while Sandy ate me out. She was using her finger on my pussy and asshole while she tongued my clit. I was going nuts! I felt myself beginning to cum and Sandy evidently sensed what was coming and she sped up her fingers and her tongue and pressed her mouth harder against my cunt. I really do not remember cumming. I just started screaming and kicking and acting stupid. I'd never felt anything like that. I was yelling things like, 'Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming.' and things like that. I could hardly breath."

"I finally came to, so to speak, and both Sandy and Susan were standing over me laughing. Sandy was hugging Susan from behind and playing with her tits. She looked down at me, smiled and said, 'Well Suzy girl, looks like we've got a convert!' Susan said, 'I certainly hope so. Let's show her how to do us, okay with you Anne?'"

"I was just a quivering blob of Jell-O by then and couldn't have resisted if I wanted to. Which, of course I didn't. I said, "Okay by me. Who's first?'

Sandy told Susan to assume the position while she demonstrated. She told me to watch carefully. Susan lay down on the floor and pulled her legs up over her shoulders. I knelt beside her and put my face down by her cunt. She has the hairiest pussy I've ever seen. Sandy lay down with her face just inches from Susan's cunt and spread Susan's pussy lips to reveal a little cock-like clit. I just stared at it. Sandy started to manipulate it between her fingers. Susan began to moan and squirm."

"'See what I'm doing to her clit? Now I'm going to finger fuck her with my other hand. After a little of that, I'm going to start using my tongue on her clit while I keep finger fucking her pussy and asshole. You can't give good head without using your hands. Remember that. That's for both sucking cock and pussy.' She then started fingering Susan's asshole and licking her clit with just the tip of her tongue. She started going faster and faster. Her tongue was moving so fast I could barely see it. Susan started acting just like I did. She was arching her back and moaning louder and louder. She staring yelling over and over, 'Oh god, I'm cumming.' As she began cumming, I was finger fucking myself like crazy. Susan and I both came together."

"As Susan and I caught our breath, Sandy looked at me and said, 'Okay girl, it's your turn.' She got on the floor, spread her legs and lifted them up. She looked between her legs at me and said, 'Get down there and start eating!' I did just that! While I was applying the lesson I just learned. Susan was finger fucking my asshole and licking my clit. I guess she was finger fucking herself too since all three of us came together."

"My first pussy eating was fantastic. You've seen her cunt, it's fabulous and smells and tastes wonderful. Well, we were all pretty well exhausted so we cleaned up got dressed and left the club. When we were in the parking lot walking to our cars, Sandy put her arm around me and kissed my ear lobe. She whispered, 'I really enjoyed you tonight. I want more. Do you?' I said, 'Oh yes!' She said, 'Why don't you come over Monday evening and have dinner with Bill and me. We can show you even more. I know you'll love Bill. He's a great fuck and hung like a horse.' I was sort of taken aback and didn't say anything at first. She smiled and said, 'It's okay. I won't let anything happen that you don't want. Trust me, okay?' I said. 'Okay, I guess it'll be all right. I'll see you Monday night.'"

"Well as you can imagine, I spent every minute until Monday anticipating that night. I finger fucked myself in bathrooms, as I drove, and in my bed just thinking about the experience with Susan and Sandy and what was to come with Sandy and Bill. Too bad you were at camp. I would have fucked and sucked your dick off. Anyway, Monday finally came and I drove over to their house."

"Sandy greeted me at the door. She was wearing a yellow print sundress and looked like the all American sweetheart. She leaned over and gave me a deep kiss and a big hug. As I was catching my breath, Mr. Wonderful stepped up and with a big toothy smile said, 'Glad you could come, Anne, Sandy has told me all about you. I've been waiting all weekend to meet you, and I can see Sandy didn't exaggerate your beauty.'

"I just stood there with my mouth open. I couldn't seem to make my voice work. Susan laughed and said, 'I told you he was a stud, didn't I? Let's go eat!'"

"Somehow I got through dinner. I have no idea what we had to eat. I was just staring at these two god-like creatures. My pussy was so wet I thought I'd slide off my chair. Sandy wasn't wearing a bra and I could see her hardened nipples through the thin fabric of her dress. She kept smiling at me an licking her lips seductively. Bill was wearing tight blue jeans and a white T-shirt that showed off his fabulous chest and arm muscles. I must have looked like I was at a tennis match. My head was turning from one to the other like crazy."

"The meal ended and Sandy said let's go into to the den and relax. She put on some records, dimmed the lights and sat down beside me on the couch. Bill took a leather easy chair. Sandy put her arm around my neck and drew my face to hers. We kissed softly. Her tongue darted into my mouth exploring every inch. She began playing with my nipple, squeezing and rolling it between her thumb and index finger. I was quickly ready to go. I completely forgot about Bill and began unbuttoning Sandy's dress as fast as I could. I bent down and sucked a nipple into my mouth and started massaging it with my tongue. Her nipples are like bullets. They must stick out an inch or more and are thick and wonderful to sick on. But then you know all about that don't you?"

"We practically tore each other's clothes off. Neither of us was wearing underwear, so it didn't take long. We lay on the carpeted floor and ate and finger fucked each other's pussy until we came hard." 

"As I rolled over on my back, I noticed Bill in his chair. He had completely undressed and was sitting there grinning with this gigantic cock in his hand! Good god, I didn't know dicks got that big! It was as thick as my arm and looked like it was a foot long, although it's probably only 9-10 inches. It had this huge mushroom-like head. I couldn't take my eyes off of it."

"Sandy reached around me and took one of my breasts in her hand and began to tongue my ear. She said, 'Do you want that? Do you want that big hard cock in you? In your mouth, in your pussy, in your ass?' I just nodded my head. My voice was totally absent."

"Sandy asked, 'Have you ever sucked a cock, Anne?' I stammered, 'Nnnnooo." She said, 'Let me show you.'"

"She walked on her knees over to Bill's chair pulling me with her. She took IT in her hands (yes both hands) and started slowly pulling the skin up and down over that huge purple head. Drops of pre-cum oozed out of the tip and she leaned over an licked it off. As her hands continued to jerk him off, she tongued and sucked on the head. She opened her mouth as wide as possible and slowly swallowed the pole-like cock. She took in about six inches and moved her head slowly back up moving her hands right up behind her mouth. She began doing this in rhythm, slowly at first then faster. Bill's eyes were closed and his hips began working in the opposite direction as her head as he moaned in pleasure."

"I was becoming mesmerized watching this sexual dance. Sandy slowed her motion and looked over at me. She took that big cock out of her mouth and said, 'Okay, you little slut, it's your turn.' She took my hand and placed on Bill's dick. It was hard, but light to my touch. My hand didn't go around it. I slid my hand up and down its length using the wetness of Sandy's mouth as a lubricant. I added my other hand and stared at the monster as I jerked him off. Sandy leaned toward me and said, 'Now, suck on the head. Lick it and go down on it slowly. Make love to it.'"

"I leaned over and started licking the head. I tried to slip it into my mouth. I stretched my mouth as far as I could and pushed it in. It took all I could do just to start down. The head was firm and squishy. It felt like a huge wet fig as I moved it around in my mouth."

"Sandy said, 'Okay, breath through your nose and just bend down and swallow it. Take it slow at first and let it just slide to the back of your throat.' I followed her instructions and to my surprise, got about four inches in down to the top of my hands. I then began the rhythm that I saw Sandy do. As I got into it, I really began to enjoy it and started getting all wet again. As I was sucking Bill's pole, Sandy got down on her back behind me, spread my knees and lifted her mouth to my cunt. She tongued my clit and fingered my asshole as I slid Bill's dick in and out of my mouth. All of us started to moan and squirm, as we got closer to cumming. I could feel Bill's hips moving as he grabbed the back of my head and began to fuck my mouth harder and deeper. I thought I would choke, but managed to open my mouth and take more and more. I could feel his cock expand and jerk. Then he let go and an entire ocean of cum flooded my mouth and shot down my throat. I gagged and choked as I swallowed as much as I could. Sandy pulled Bill's cock out of my mouth still spurting thick creamy cum and shoved it into hers. She stroked it as fast as she could and finished him off his cum leaking out the sides of her mouth."

"Bill finally stopped the geyser and Sandy took his dick out of her mouth. She quickly leaned over to me and gave me a big open-mouthed kiss and we swapped and swallowed all of the remaining cum."

"We all were temporarily spent. Bill slumped in the chair while Sandy and I fell into each other's arms and just sort of giggled at each other."

"I said, 'Wow, that was unbelievable!'"

"Sandy said, 'We've just begun girl. Next we've got to get that totem pole up your cunt and ass."

"She went to the kitchen and got us glasses of ice water to wash down the cum." It didn't take long for Bill to get hard again as Sandy played with his cock. I laid down and slowly licked her pussy and fingered her asshole as she got him hard."

"When Bill's cock was standing proud again, Sandy looked at me and smiled and said, 'Okay, you little whore, get on your back!' I giggled and did as she said. Bill got down on his knees between my legs. Sandy pushed my legs up and placed them in the crook of my elbows. I reached around and spread my pussy lips open. Bill kneeled down and started rubbing the giant head of his cock on my clit. It was like electricity. He pushed it in my cunt slowly but steadily until he got the head and about one inch in. He pulled it back out, and then pushed in again. He repeated this several times going deeper each time. I was in heaven! I began to push my hips into him. I could feel his big cock stretching me open and gorging my insides. It felt fabulous. It was like nothing else I'd ever felt. I couldn't get enough. As Bill continued to slam his cock into me, Sandy started kissing me and sucking my tits. I thought I was going to pass out. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to cumming. It was so intense! My whole body began to shutter and shake. I couldn't get my breath. I'm sure I was moaning and maybe screaming. I was thrashing around like a fish out of water. Then I began the longest cum of my life. I just came and came. I think I did actually pass out for a second or two. When I cam to, Bill was leaning over me with his dick still shoved up my pussy. Sandy leaned over and kissed us both and whispered, 'Good job, guys! Well what do think kid, do you like my stud?' I just smiled and sighed."

"After about twenty minutes of rest, Bill leaned over to Sandy and said, 'She's got one more hole.' Sandy said, 'Let's get busy'. She turned to me and said, 'I'll show you how it's done. You're going to love this, sweetheart!'"

"Sandy took my hand and led me into the bedroom with Bill following. His dick was swinging between his legs like a big horse cock as he walked. We got to the bed and Sandy jumped on it and pulled me down with her. She lay on her back and told Bill to come and get it."

"Bill leaned down and started eating her out. As he did this, I sucked on her tits. After she was completely wet and ready, Bill kneeled between her legs as she brought them up and held them in her elbows. She reached down and spread her ass cheeks. Bill wet his finger in her cunt juices and slipped his finger in her asshole. He fingered her for a while, and then slipped in two fingers, then three. Sandy was obviously enjoying this. She took my hand and placed it on her clit and I started finger fucking her."
