 Alyson was surrounded by cock and covered in cum. She'd been on her knees for hours and was dripping with the ejaculate of at least a dozen men. So far...

Her bull Alonzo had called and demanded she get to his apartment as soon as possible. When the fiftyish blond walked in, the room was crowded with black men and a few black women. The smell of weed was in the air – something she'd just begun to enjoy – and the pulse of reggae music was thrumming in the room. 

"There you are" said Alonzo. "Why are you still dressed? Get naked. Now!" 

Alyson began to unbutton her blouse as she looked around the room. No one else was naked. But that apparently didn't matter to Alonzo. He must have something in mind, she thought. Her blouse unbuttoned, she let it slip from her shoulders. Now her big 32F boobs were prominently displayed above her shelf bra; layed out like melons. Reaching back she unsnapped the clips and shrugged the flimsy fabric off, baring her brown nipples and her barely sagging boobs. She noticed eyes turning towards her, and flushed, both embarrassed and aroused by being put on display. 

"Play with your nipples, girl." Said her bull. 

That wasn't a problem – she put her hands under each big boob and began caressing them. Stroking them. Squeezing them. Lifting them high and placing their nipples in her mouth to lick and suck. She began to respond to the sensations, feeling her cunt get wet. Then she did that thing she used to be ashamed of – she began to squeeze and twist her nipples. Pulling them out from the breast flesh, squeezing them hard and twisting as if to pull them off her tits. The pain let her know what a bad girl she was, but at the same time sent flashes of feeling deep into her cunt. She moaned out loud without realizing it. Her eyes closed, she began to give in to the sensations and work her nipples harder. 

"Very nice. Now it's time to get naked. Leave the suspenders and stockings on. But do it!"

Again, she responded to his words without thinking, unzipping her skirt and letting it fall to the floor. Since she wore no panties, her shaved pussy was immediately on view. The moisture from her pussy was now visible as droplets beginning to emerge down her thighs. 

"Go ahead, slut, and play with your pussy. Let everyone watch you get off. You are the entertainment tonight, so entertain us!"

With that Alyson's right hand moved to her clit, exploring the lips around it and slowly stroking it. She widened her stance and used her other hand to spread the lips of her cunt and insert first one, then another, and finally a third finger into her steaming snatch. Soon her fingers were flying – the one on her clit moving as fast as she was able while the others fucked her pussy with abandon. Never mind that she was now the center of attention in the room – it made it all the more exciting to be seen as the slut she knew she was. And realizing that was all it took – she began to cum as if lightning were flying from her fingers! As she jerked and twitched, she could hear applause from around her. She opened her eyes to see a room full of people watching her orgasm. It was thrilling!

"Now get on your knees, bitch. You've cum – now give everyone else a chance!"

Sinking to her knees, she felt the juice run down her thighs. Her body was still tingling with the effects of her orgasm. She closed her eyes to savor the sensation, but was roughly jerked out of her reverie has a hand grabbed her head and pulled her face into a moist pussy.

"Eat this, white slut. Taste some real pussy!"

Alyson complied without reservation, her tongue immediately going to the clit of the woman standing in front of her. She reached up with her hands to grab a pair of big breasts and begin to massage them as she licked and sucked. She was rewarded with moans of appreciation. 

She heard the murmur of conversation in the background when the woman attached to the pussy in her mouth wasn't making noise. Words appeared out of nowhere.

"Slut..."

"Lezzy whore..."

"Gonna fuck that ass ragged..."

"Love to squeeze those tits. Maybe fuck 'em..."

After that she couldn't hear anything as female hands grabber her ears and pulled her mouth into the dripping pussy. She grabbed the big butt it was attached to and pressed in hard, using her hands and her mouth to apply pressure to the clit under her tongue. She was rewarded with a mouthful of female ejaculate, and had no choice but to swallow it like it was cum from a cock. She felt the spasms shake the pussy in her face and was torn – she wanted to celebrate getting that woman off, but she knew that she was just getting started and if she made too much of her pussy powers, she'd be denied the cocks and cum she craved.

Finally, the woman let go of her head and collapsed back into the arms of the men behind her. She was quickly passed away, and she sensed that someone was putting a joint in her mouth. It was Alonzo – and he held her nose to force her to inhale the potent weed. She kept from coughing even as the smoke burned her mouth, and knew that it was futile to resist. 

Within a few minutes Alyson was as high as she had ever been. In that fugue-like state, she was acutely aware of the sensations at her erotic points – the fire in her nipples; the wet warmth of her cunt, the aching need of her clit. She even felt her ass as it seemed to call to get fucked. She was an aroused, horny, mindless ache for cock and would do anything to get it.

She didn't have long to wait. Alonzo stepped up to her and unzipped his pants, taking out his magnificent brown dick. Her mouth opened wide and she drove his cock down her throat until her nose was buried in his stomach. All ten inches were inside her and she heard the gasps from the watchers. 

"Oh, baby, suck on that cock" said Alonzo. "She is the absolute best cock sucker – ain't no one else ever took it all in, all the way. Ain't that something, boys?"

Alyson perked up at the comments. She was doing something for her bull no one else could. She was worth something to him. That made her happy, and made her more anxious than ever to please him publicly. On the next downstroke her tongue emerged beneath his fat cock and began to lick at his balls. Alonzo gasped; she heard at least two other dudes mutter "damn". 

At this point, Alonzo decided to show everyone who was in charge – he did what Alyson had been waiting for: he grabbed her head and began to fuck her face! He'd pull back until just the head of his big cock was in her mouth and then shove it forward, down her throat and hold it there. Again and again, displaying for all to see how he owned her. For her part, Alyson was on the verge of an orgasm being treated as little more than her bull's property. She was his to command. His to face fuck, or ass fuck, or share – whatever he wanted from her, she was more than willing to provide. Realizing that, she knew she had to show him her devotion.

When he withdrew his dick from her throat into her mouth, she pulled back enough to clearly say "turn around, Daddy." That provoked the room into an uproar. Alonzo didn't hesitate – he turned his back to her, bent over and held his ass cheeks apart. Alyson moved right in. She knew he was generally clean, but even if he wasn't, it didn't matter. Her lips closed around the tight little hole of his ass and she began to work at it with her lips and tongue. With a free hand she kept up a stroking motion on his swollen cock. 

Deeper and deeper she pressed. Soon her tongue insinuated itself past the tight ring of his ass, and was then engaged in pressing itself deeper into him. She began to tongue fuck his back door while stroking his cock. His moans indicated that he was getting close and suddenly he pulled forward, dislodging her tongue, and then turned around and proceeded to pump jet after jet of hot, sticky cum all over her face. Her forehead was soon coated with his cum. It dripped down her face, into her mouth and off her chin onto her breasts. At the third jet of cum she felt her own orgasm again but held her head still as her hips and ass shook with pleasure. 

Without any warning, she felt hot cum landing on her face from the side – apparently the sight of Alonzo's explosive discharge had a ripple effect. Another cock contributed to the mess on her face from the other side. No sooner had one finished than another took it's place. The glaze on her face now obscured her eyes and features. The hot mess migrated south as it accumulated. And then she felt hands on her head, one opening her mouth and another pushing the sticky mess into it. She swallowed as fast as it came in, but it was still a losing battle as more and more cum was deposited on her face. She had never understood bukkake from a woman's point of view before, but here she was being drowned in sperm and it was getting her off. Soon most of the salty, slimy cum was gone; mostly swallowed and enjoyed. The warm hands that had helped move it into her mouth now reached down to her waist and helped her get to her feet. 

"'Lonzo, I'm gonna take her to clean up a bit. We'll be back." Alyson let herself be guided from the room, sperm still coating parts of her body, her eyes still pretty much glued shut. The warm, soft hands gently moved her through the crowd, up stairs and into what had to be a bathroom by the sound and smell of it. 

"Sit here, slut-girl," came the voice. "Time to clean you and get you ready for what's next."

"Yes, ma'am," said Alyson.

"Ma'am? Who you think you talking to? My name's Tana and some times mistress – but not tonight. Just call me Tana."

"Yes, Tana. What do you need from me?"

"Just hold still, and I'm going to clean off all that sticky cum – or at least enough to let you see. Might be doing other things, but we'll see."

Alyson felt a thrill in her pussy – there was a sultry tone to Tana's comment that suggested this wasn't just about hygiene. Maybe she could please her in some way...

Tana soon began to wipe the drying cum from Alyson's face. Alyson began to find drops of it on her chin, neck and boobs, and she starting rubbing it into her skin. She knew she would smell like it, but she loved how it seemed to soften her skin where applied. 

"Shit, girl, you like that stuff, don't you?" asked Tara.

"Of course," replied Alyson. "The more I have, the more I want. Give me as much black cock as you can – I'm on earth just to receive it any way they want to give it to me."

"Well, day-um! I've heard of white girls turning black-only but never met one before. Especially not an older woman like you. You really have gone all in on this, haven't you?"

"Yes" said Alyson, quietly. "I can't think of anything else beside being used by big black cocks. I want them to turn me into their toy. Their cock-whore. I will do anything for black cock."

"All right. I got it. Then let's get you ready for the next round. Open your eyes, woman. Now, have you ever snorted?"

"Well, sometimes when I'm not careful my laugh comes out like a snort."

"Damn, bitch, you are white, aren't you? I ain't talking about the sounds you make, I'm talking about what you do with coke – cocaine. Ever done any?"

"No. Not yet. Do you want me too?"

"You gonna need it with number of brothers out there. You gonna need the energy." Tana pulled at the chain around her neck and a glass vial emerged from between her plump boobs. Unscrewing the top, she withdrew a small spoon filled with white powder. "Now hold one nostril closed, then snort this into the other one. DO IT!"

Despiter her qualms, Alyson followed orders and snorted the coke. It felt odd at first, and then multiple things happened at once. The inside of her nose grew numb, but at the same time a rush of sensation spread from her nose into her body. She felt her nipples respond, tightening and growing hard. Her pussy also responded.

"Now take this in the other nostril" said Tana. Alyson complied. That rush from her head now spread deep into her body. Her cunt gushed; her clit seemed to be on fire. She was ready to fuck anything and everything to satisfy the feelings deep inside. 

"Ah, I see it's working. Like it?"

"It's amazing! I feel like I want to fuck everything!"

"Good, girl, now lean back and spread your legs wide. I'm gonna introduce you to your first coked orgasm!"

Alyson did as she was told, and soon Tana's hands were soaked in her juices as she 

played with Alyson's pussy. Tana inserted one finger, then a second, a third, and soon all four fingers were sawing in and out of Alyson's cunt and it was as if she was on fire! 

"Oh my God! Yes! I love it! More!" soon devolved into nothing more than grunts and moans as Alyson gave in to the sensations and Tana concentrated on expanding them.

Then suddenly Alyson felt something amazing – Tana now had her entire hand insider of her! She was being fisted and loving it. Tana's hand found places in Alyson's pussy that had never been touched and new sensations where enveloping her. 

Alyson pulled her legs further apart to let Tana go deeper. Tana, for her part, was almost punching into Alyson's cunt and pulling back her hand, then repeating it over and over, faster and faster, deeper and deeper. With one very deep thrust, Alyson began to cum as never before. She shrieked with the sensation of it, spreading her legs even wider and giving in to the loss of control that was her orgasm. She came and came and continued to cum as Tana fisted her hard and deep. 

Finally, Alyson couldn't take any more and grabbed Tana's hand, holding it deep up inside her until her orgasm stopped. "Jesus Christ! I've never cum like that before! You are magic, Tana."

Tana laughed, expanding her hand deep inside Alyson and watching her new conquest respond. "Honey, that was the coke – not any magic. Now let's snort some more and properly prime you to go back out there. Do I have to get your ass ready as well?"

"No, I gave myself an enema before I came over. But keep your hand in me as long as you want. It feels amazing!"

"I'm sure it does. Now, let's see, what else can we do? I think you want to be degraded, don't you?"

"How did you know?" replied Alyson.

"It wasn't hard to figure out. Really! Now, let me see..." she looked through all the cabinets and drawers until she found what she wanted – a black sharpie. 

"Now we gonna let everyone know about you. Ready? Turn around when I pull my hand out."

Feeling suddenly very empty, Alyson did as she was told.

"Lie forward."

She felt something being written on first one and then the other cheeks of her ass. 

"What are you saying?"

"Simple. This one (she slapped Alyson's left cheek) say "all holes open to black men," and this one (slapping the other cheek) says "fuck my ass hard." Anything else you want it to say?"

"Write on my boobs – say "cock" on one, put a dash in the middle, and "whore" on the other."

"Done. Now let's go out there and show all those niggas what a slut you are!"

Alyson smiled widely. "YES!"

They emerged from the bathroom, Tana guiding Alyson into the room. She got to a coffee table, turned around, lay back on it and spread her legs wide. "Eat me, white girl! Make me cum, hard!"

Alyson smiled before answering. "Yes, Mistress. You and everyone here!" 

Registering the reaction of the room, she felt her cunt tingle with anticipation. As she knelt down on the carpet and moved to suck Tana's clearly wet pussy, she heard gasps as people saw the writing on her ass. She was going to get fucked royally and she couldn't wait.

On her knees, bent forward and sucking at Tana's clit, she felt the first cock at her ass, and with little time to prepare herself was suddenly full of a big, fact, hard cock that wasted no time before fucking her hard. The lube she'd applied in the bathroom saved her from the pain of dry fucking, and soon she found herself thrusting back as the cock thrust forward. Each forward thrust pushed her into the cunt in her face and soon Tana was coming under her tongue! When her face was pushed away, Tana rolled from beneath her face and she found herself facing another woman's pussy.

"Get to work, slut" came the command, and she dove right in as her ass continued to be pummeled. And lest any erogenous zone be neglected, she felt large hands cover her boobs and begin to twist and squeeze. Her pussy was now flooded with her slimy secretions, longing for something to fill it. She, in turn, reached up and found two large breasts to play with. The nipples were hard to find – so she simply mauled them. It must have been working – the cunt in her face began to spasm and jerk as an orgasm took it over. 

Just as she was about to cry out from the way her own tits were being mauled, with one final thrust the cock in her ass began to spew it's hot liquid into her bowels and suddenly she found herself coming as well. Perhaps it was the mistreatment, or the sensations inside, or the cocaine. In any case, her pussy spasmed and squirted. 

Now, instead of a pussy in front of her, she had a pair of cocks – one on each side. Reaching up, trying to shrug off the feeling of her orgasm, she began stroking them both and attempting to suck on the heads of both of them. Squeezing them together, she managed to get both heads in her mouth. It couldn't be providing a lot of satisfaction, but judging by the buzz of the crowd, she was approaching star status. They liked seeing her hungry for black cock. As she sucked she felt yet another cock move into her ass. Yes! This was what she was here for! She was going to swallow all the cum in the room!

At some point she felt the spray of hot liquid on her back and realized that men were jerking off on her. That triggered another orgasm even without anyone in her pussy! But now she desperately wanted one, and another and another. She worked hard and soon the two cocks at her face let loose and filled her mouth. She swallowed as fast as she could but lots dripped down her chin. When they pulled back, she found herself shouting to the crowd:

"I need my pussy fucked – not just my ass! Someone fuck my pussy, I want cock!" 

That was cut short by a hard dick jammed down her throat, face fucking her without mercy. As soon as the occupant of her ass flooded her bowels with his load and pulled out, she got her wish – although if felt like someone shoved a hot baseball bat into her. When it hit bottom she came again as her cunt was pounded mercilessly. The cock in her face jammed into her throat and she felt it pulsating and jerking as the cum poured directly into her stomach. 

Tana's voice at her ear broke her trance. "You are amazing. Now snort some more of this cuz you have at least twenty more guys who are here and hard!" Tara pinched one nostril and fed the coke into the other, then reversed the process until Alyson's head was feeling as if it was going to float off her body. But at the same time, she found the strength to take charge.

"Hey, you – you with that big dong! Lie on your back!" She then straddled him and stuffed his fat cock into her aching pussy. "Now someone fuck my ass! And give me a cock to suck! I want more!"

Within moments Alyson was stuffed full of big, black cock. The dude in her ass also began slapping her ass cheeks. The sharp "crack" of his hand sounded loud in the room. Alyson took that to mean she had to work harder, so she began pumping her hips and stroking the cock she was sucking. All she was there for was to have the men fill her full of their cum, get off and be replaced by more men who were going to stretch her asshole, punish her cunt and fuck her face. Her orgasms kept rolling through her drug-induced haze, and when she could make any sounds it was like the keening of a banshee. All the strings had come undone; there was no mind at work, just a center of sensation that wasn't being satisfied. 
