 The week following our Sunday motel fuck session was long and dull. We continued to mow lawns and do yard work. It was now October and we realized that with the summer heat and rain gone, we wouldn't be mowing as many lawns as we had been. This was OK with us as we had really been overworking ourselves.

While this meant a little less money, it also meant more play time. We took full advantage, scheduling entire mornings or afternoons to fuck and suck each other.

Free time wasn't always play time, however. We both took full advantage of the free classes that the big box hardware stores offered and learned to lay stone walkways and to do some basic landscaping and gardening. We figured the more services we could offer, the more money we could make.

Claudia's sister wasn't able to make it into town as planned. She rescheduled our show with her sister for the weekend before Halloween, which was fine with me.

In fact, we were supposed to make a night of it attending a costume party beforehand and then watching the girls get freaky with each other. Our living arrangements were getting in the way of play time and were cramping ours styles. We had to come up with an elaborate story to be out late the night of the party. Since we lived next to each other it was difficult to say we were spending the night next door.

After making all the arrangements, we agreed to get a two bed room at the hotel we'd visited on that Sunday a few weeks before. 

The Friday morning prior to the party, John and I hustled to try to mow all our Friday and Saturday lawns so we wouldn't have to rush home the next day. We were hoping the girls would still be in the mood to fuck the next day, too. 

On the way to the last house we began to get excited.

"So do you have a costume for tonight?" I asked. 

"I think I'm going to wear a toga," John said. "I don't really want to spend money on one."

"Claudia got us matching costumes, but I don't know what they are," I said. "What's up with Steph? Is she going to be in town?"

I had not told John what I'd seen about a month earlier at the motel. As far as I knew he had no idea that his girlfriend was fucking around on him.

"She has a test on Monday and won't be in town," he said. "It's getting lame, all we do now is talk on the phone. She's never here."

"Don't think about it man," I said. "We're going to be up to our waist in pussy tonight!"

"So what's the game plan? Do you think Monique is going to let us fuck her?"

I laughed and looked at my friend.

"I don't know dude!" I said. "We have to be cool about this. If you act like a horny teenager she DEFINITELY won't let you fuck her. "

"I AM a horny teenager dumb ass!" John said. "Is Claudia going to let you fuck her sister?" 

I wasn't sure and decided to change the subject. 

That night John and I went out the hotel and get a room. He put his toga on in the room. He'd made a little crown of ivy to wear around his head. He was more than happy to show me he was only wearing a pair of briefs underneath. 

"You're a fucking idiot," I said laughing. "It's chilly out there tonight!"

John laughed. 

We drove to Claudia's house so I could get dressed and so we could pick up the girls. I knocked but there was no answer. I called Claudia to tell her we were at the door. As luck would have it, her parents were gone and she hadn't heard the door because she had the music on really loud.

She came down in a robe and let us in and led us to her bedroom.

"So what are you wearing under your toga John?" Claudia asked.

"Uh, my underwear," John replied a bit confused. "Is that not kosher?"

"Oh I guess, but you do know this is an adult themed party right?" she asked.

We both looked at each other. We did not in fact know that it was an adult themed party and we didn't know what that meant anyway. I shrugged and kept walking.

When we got to Claudia's bedroom my mouth dropped open. Monique was standing there dressed as a Victoria's Secret angel. Her ass was hanging out of a very little thong. Her tits were popping out of her white bra. She also had a garter belt and fishnet stockings. She was working to get her wings on in fact.

I turned to look at Claudia who was about to drop her robe. She was wearing the same outfit as her sister, but in black. My dick had gotten completely hard. 

"Fuck," John said under his breath. 

The girls giggled out loud at our reaction.

"Pretty hot huh?" Monique said. "It's an adult themed party you know."

"We know," John and I said in unison looking at each other.

"Is that what you're wearing?" Monique asked John. 

"Well yeah," he replied. 

Monique shrugged and continued to work on her wings. 

"OK, take your clothes off babe so we can dress you up," Claudia said.

I looked around suddenly very aware that we were not alone. 

"You're fucking kidding me right?" Claudia said slightly annoyed. "We're all gonna have a foursome in a few hours and you're shy?"

I laughed and started getting naked. I could see Monique checking me out in the mirror. My dick was completely hard and sprang out like a snake in brush. 

"We're going to have to take care of this before we get you dressed," Claudia said. She got on her knees and started sucking my dick. 

John sat down on the edge of Claudia's bed to watch. I could tell his breathing was getting heavy. He was really turned on. Monique also stopped what she was doing to watch her sister take care of my rod. 

Knowing that we were putting on this show got me totally off and I shot my load in record time. Claudia, ever the pro, swallowed my entire load without losing a drop. 

I gave John a little wink as she cleaned my dick up with her mouth. 

"That was fucking hot sissy," Monique said as she walked up to her sister. 

The two girls then leaned into each other and kissed. John and I both watched in disbelief. 

"Your cum tastes good Bobby," Monique said to me with a wicked grin on her face. 

"Uhm, I have a hard on too," John announced obviously angling for a blow job.

"You're wearing underwear, no one will know," Claudia said obviously messing with his head.

The girls led me to the big mirror and pulled out a bag. I was curious as to what the costume was going to be forgetting Claudia said we were wearing matching outfits. The girls were not going as a duo of angles; they were going as a trio with me as the third angel. 

Knowing that we were going to get super freaky later I laughed and readily agreed. 

"We're gonna have to shave your legs and chest a little," Claudia said. 

The girls took me to the bathroom and got to work. I wasn't really that hairy, but wasn't nearly as smooth as John either. It felt good to have two identical twins dressed in sexy underwear work shave me. 

"Your ass is nice and smooth at least," Monique said. "I bet John loves fucking it."

I turned around and looked Monique right in the eye.

"He does," I said with a wink.

Monique gave me a playful spank on the ass.

"You're a bad, bad boy!" she said.

To make a long story short, the girls dressed me up identical to them except for the fact my thong and bra were red and I didn't wear the heels. At 6'2" I already towered over the girls. I wore red strappy sandals. 

The girls both put on long coats. I only had my jacket, so my ass was hanging out naked in the cool night air as we walked to the car as quickly as possible, hoping no one on the street would see me. 

John looked at me and smiled.

"Who's cold now asshole?" he said with a huge grin on his goofy face. "Your fishnet stockings are getting me off!"

He reached around and squeezed my ass. 

We loaded up into Claudia's car and headed to the party. It was my understanding that some guy we had gone to school with who graduated a few years earlier was throwing the party.

When we got there my mouth literally dropped open as most people were as close to naked as could possibly be. A couple of guys were hanging brain. One guy was painted entirely in gray body paint. He said he was The Thinker. Another guy was wearing a rain coat but kept flashing everyone. 

I was happy to note that these guys, although handsome enough, were not getting me off. I also didn't have any interest in their dicks. I had a quick thought of "I guess I'm not totally queer."

I looked over at John. I could tell his mind was preoccupied. 

"Hey dude, go to the bathroom with me," he said.

"Fuck you, what am I a chick?!" I replied.

John gave me a funny look and then I realized I was totally made up to look like one. I laughed, told Claudia I'd be back and went with John to the bathroom. 

"I have an idea for a better costume, but I need your help," he said.

"OK, what is it?" I asked.

"I'm going to lose all the toga and underwear and say I'm a porn star!" he said excitedly. 

"Dude that's awesome! Why do you need my help?" I said.

"Well... I have a hard on and I want you to take care of it," he said.

I smiled and got on my knees. He immediately lost the toga and took his underwear off. I figured we needed to be quick lest someone suspect what was up. I went to work on his dick. I was wearing a blond wig that was getting in my way, but kept sucking his dick head while I jacked him.

"Dude, your outfit is totally turning me on," John confessed. "I don't think I've ever wanted to fuck you more."

I stifled a laugh while I continued to work his big dick. I reached up and squeezed his balls hard. Sure enough that did it and he flooded my mouth with sweet, hot cream. I savored his load for a second before I swallowed it and got up.

John looked at me with a lot of lust in his eyes and pounced on me. He was squeezing my ass and kissing me deeply. My own dick was getting hard again. 

"Damn dude, you're going to have to redo your lipstick," John said as he pulled off me.

His dick was still semi hard. It was huge. I wondered what kind of reaction he would get. Neither one of us was a gym rat, but we worked outside with our hands. There wasn't an ounce of fat on us. And John had a huge dick.

I left the bathroom first and found Claudia. 

"Did you go blow your friend or what?" Claudia asked jokingly.

"Yes, I did," I replied very seriously. 

Claudia moaned a little and seemed to get weak kneed. 

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Seriously," I replied. "He's going to change costumes and need some help getting his dick down."

Claudia leaned into me and kissed me. She moaned loudly when she tasted John's cum on my lips. 

A few guys in the crowed hooped and hollered as we kissed. I wondered if they thought I was a girl, or if they were just idiots. 

Claudia was reapplying my lipstick when we started hearing gasps and chatter coming towards us. I could only see the top of John's body through the crowd. When the crowd parted for him we saw him in all his naked glory.

"I'm a porn star!" he announced to the crowd, which then broke into laughter and applause. 

"Holy fuck!" Monique exclaimed as she saw the size of John's dick. 

The party progressed nicely. People were getting drunk and stoned and there was even a bit of sucking and fucking going on in the darkened corners of the house. John was propositioned by lots of girls. I was getting a little jealous truth be told. 

About an hour and a half later the four of us were dancing and having a great time. Somehow I got paired up with Monique. She was grinding on me and feeling me up. Again, a few people hooped and hollered.

"I'm a guy you morons!" I said more than a bit annoyed.

Monique laughed.

"I can't believe that John has fucked your ass with that big dick!" she said.

I looked at her like she was crazy and told her to keep her voice down. She laughed and kept dancing on me.

Claudia was grinding up on John too. I was looking forward to him getting an erection. Sure enough after a few minutes it happened. People were gathering just to see his big dick. Thankfully we didn't really know too many people at the party. 

About 10 minutes later the party's host went looking for us. Apparently a few people had actually complained about John's massive erection. 

A guy dressed like Hugh Hefner approached us. It was at that moment I realized it was the same guy I'd seen with Stephanie at the hotel room. He was a smaller guy, kinda weasely looking.

"Uh, guys, do I know any of you?" he asked.

"Greg, don't you recognize me?" Monique asked.

"Oh hey Monique! Look you and your sister are welcome to stay but some people are uncomfortable with your friend's erection. They say it's too much," he said. 

John and I laughed out loud. 

"It IS too much!" Claudia said. 

We decided to leave the party and start our own party at the motel room. Me and the two girls walked out hand in hand like the three angels we were. John walked in front of us stroking his big dick and pointing it like a gun at people. 

Everyone cheered as we left.

Once out the door, John wrapped his sheet around his waist and the girls put on their coats. It had gotten downright cold and I was fucking freezing. Claudia started her car and turned the heat on high. She asked me to drive and got in the passenger side. 

In the back seat I could see John and Monique getting busy. I didn't think there was any doubt that he'd get to fuck her tonight. 

My own dick was getting hard and was trying to poke through my lacy thong. 

Claudia and Monique were going on and on about what a success the costumes had been. 

"You looked fucking hot," Monique said to me. "There were dudes checking you out."

"You think? I don't know," I replied.

"She's right man. You look pretty fucking hot," John added. 

I smiled at his comment as I remembered our moment in the bathroom. I wasn't about to start dressing like a chick any time soon, but it made me feel really slutty to be dressed the way I was for sure.

We finally made it to the hotel and got in the room. I turned on the heater and took my jacket off. My ass was freezing. The girls both got comfortable and John quickly removed his sheet. His dick was semi hard and sticking out at about a 60 degree angle. 

"So... how do ya'll want to start?" I asked to break the ice. 

The girls looked at each other with a knowing look and smiled.

"We want to see you and John fuck, but we want you to keep your costume on," Monique replied. "But before you guys fuck, I think you should give him a sexy lap dance!"

John and I looked at each other. I was at the point where I wasn't going to say no to any sort of game with John. He smiled at me and shrugged his shoulders. We found some music on the little radio alarm in the room and john sat down on the one chair in the room.

I'd never been to a real strip club, but had seen a few lap dances in movies and of course Claudia had indulged me a few times. I figured I was going to put on a damn good show for everyone.

I walked up to John as seductively as possible and began to shake my hips. The girls were already whooping and hollering. John had a big smile on his face and his dick was standing up. I turned around and purposely shook my ass back and forth just inches from his face.

I then spun around and began to grind my groin on his face. My dick was getting super hard at this point. As I got off my lover's face, I spun around. My hard dick escaped from the lacy thong and was resting against my thigh.

The girls both moaned out loud.

I spun around again and shoved my ass toward John as I swayed it back and forth and pulled down my thong. My dick sprang up. Again the girls cheered me on. 

I threw my thong at John and he caught it. He lifted it towards his face and sniffed it. The girls loved it. I again danced up towards John and started gently slapping his face with my hard dick. He seemed to be in heaven as he had a huge smile on his face. His own dick was now rock hard. 

At this point I heard Monique moan out loud. I looked over and saw that she was jerking herself. I smiled and felt proud that I must be doing an OK job. 

I spun back around and sat on John's big dick. I was grinding it against my naked ass, trying to literally jerk it with my ass cheeks. John reached around and started squeezing my make believe tits. I turned around, undid my bra and rubbed my chest with his face while twirling my blond wig around in a circle. 

John and I looked at each other and suddenly and passionately kissed. This was the moment we both sort of forgot about the girls and really started fucking and sucking each other. 

John tried to stand up. I pushed him back into the chair and started sucking his big hard dick. I was sucking it as if my life depended on it. He was moaning out loud. I could hear the girls egging us on, but honestly they were just background noise. I was totally focused on sucking my best friend's dick for the second time tonight. 

I could feel john playing with my wig. It was attached to my head with bobby pins and to be honest, I didn't want to take it off, so I brushed his hand off and continued to suck him off. I used my right hand to reach down and squeeze his huge nuts. 

After a few minutes I became aware of Monique standing next to us. She was wielding my video camera and was taping me sucking my friend's dick. I played up for the camera. I felt like a porn starlet and moaned and groaned as I sucked as much of this big dick as I could. 

I finally pulled off of John's big dick. I looked up at him. He was in heaven. 

"Claudia, grab the lube from the backpack and get my ass ready," I said before continuing to suck the big beautiful dick in front of me.

John's dick was oozing so much precum that I almost couldn't keep up with it. Suddenly I felt a finger in my ass. Claudia began to work as much of it as possible into me. I moaned out loud. 

"Fuck that's hot," I heard Monique say behind me.

I then felt what I assumed was one of my dildos bury itself in my ass. I continued to suck John's dick but also felt myself wiggle my ass to make it easier for the dildo to make its way into my asshole.

Claudia continued to lube my ass up with the dildo for several minutes -- working it in and out, stretching me out for my lover's big dick. When I was satisfied that I was lubed up, I pulled off of John's slicked up dick. He moaned as if in pain. Claudia handed me the lube and I spread it all around John's big dick. 

I stood up and faced away from him. I spread more lube around my asshole just in case. 

"I'm going to sit on your dick, John," I said. "Hold it straight for me."

Claudia was helping guide my asshole as her sister continued to tape us. I felt John's cockhead against my asshole. I did my best to relax my asshole and started to sit down on John's big dick. 

Everyone in the room let out a loud moan at almost the same time as my ass sank down on his dick in one motion. My body broke out in goose bumps from the sensation of having my ass stuffed in a matter of a few seconds. 

John wrapped his hands around my waist and started directing the fuck. I grabbed the chair's arms to help hold me up as I rose and fell on his hard dick. When I felt we had a good rhythm, I began to drop all my weight on his dick. It felt like it was going deeper than ever before. 

I wondered how I looked fucking my friend. I was still wearing the wig and makeup, plus I was still wearing the garter and the fishnet stockings. 

At one moment for no real reason I tried to sit straight up. The moment I did, I felt his dick hit my prostate. 

"Arrrrgh!" I moaned. "Fuck! His dick is hitting my gland honey!" 

Claudia had been standing directly in front of me watching John's big dick bury itself into me. Suddenly I felt her mouth on my dick. She tried to suck me off as I fucked my friend. The blow job in combination with John's big dick hitting my gland meant that it didn't take long for me to start blowing my load.
