 Not to be too blunt about it but I work with four of the most beautiful women in the world. To make things even better, I'm the only guy. The five of us are an evaluation team that studies consumer reaction to new products. Companies use this data to make changes that will then be received positively by the consumer. I know that it sounds a little dull but it can be quite interesting, especially when your co-workers are four gorgeous single women.

At least weekly we all go somewhere after work to have a few drinks and a few laughs. Sally is a tall slim blond with over sized breasts that are always trying to escape. Her legs are well shaped and seem to go on for ever. Cindy is average height with shoulder length brown hair, a 36" chest but she has the most perfect ass I have ever seen. She likes to wear tight pants that follow every curve of her luscious bottom. She never has a VPL so its thongs or nothing. Donna is the dream girl next door. She comes across as the total innocent type but I've seen her wicked side. Finally there's Pam. Pam is my favorite because she has all the best qualities of the other three plus a smile that will melt your heart.

Recently our little gatherings have been getting more and more open and quite suggestive. The girls are always discussing sex and they laugh when I try to look like I'm not listening. Last Friday night we were kicking back at our favorite spot and the girls conversation went from shoes to sex after only one drink. The topic of choice was blow jobs and Sally was leading the discussion.

"A lot of women won't admit it but most really enjoy oral sex."

"I do”, added Cindy. "I could lay there for hours and let a guy wear out his tongue."

Donna and Pam nodded knowingly and I tried to look inconspicuous. 

“I don’t just mean on the receiving end, giving is also a lot of fun” said Sally. “To really enjoy it you have to make it pleasurable for the both of you. Use lots of tongue, play with his balls, and even stick a finger up his ass. He’ll be putty but his dick will be rock hard.”

Pam jumped in and said, “I remember one time I was going down on my boy friend in the car and we hit a bump. My head came up and struck the steering wheel and then it flew back into his lap. Unfortunately my forehead hit him right in the balls and he drove off the road and into a ditch. Luckily we were ok and I made it up to him later but that is one blow job I will never forget.”

Donna was the only one not actively participating in the conversation. She remained quiet but I could tell that she wasn’t missing a single word. She looked away from the other girls and caught me staring at her and she blushed a little but smiled. "I guess you don't share their views on oral sex", I said. "Or are you just holding back?"

The other girls stopped their discussion and everyone looked at Donna. Sally asked "Is that right? You really don't like oral." Donna looked at her drink and then said "Its not that I don't enjoy it, I really do, but the truth is I don't think that I'm very good at it." Cindy giggled and said all she needed was more practice. This made everyone laugh and after a couple of minutes the conversation moved onto a new topic. As it was getting late I said good night and headed off.

During the cab ride home I kept thinking about the girls and fantasized about actually getting one of them into bed. Before I knew it the cab pulled into my driveway returning me to my dull reality. It had been a tough week and I was dead tired, I was also half in the bag and I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. I slept late and it was only the shrill ring of the phone that woke me up.

"Hello", I said throwing an arm over my eyes to block out the morning sun. 

"Hi Jeff, its Sally."

"Sally? Is everything all right?"

"Of course, but its sweet of you to be concerned. After you left last night we decided to have a little dinner party tonight and we want you to come. Can you make it?"

"Tonight? I don't have anything that would be a problem. Just tell me where and at what time and I'll be there."

"It’s at my place and we're getting together around 7. So you'll join us?"

"Sure. Is there anything that I can bring?"

"No, you're all we need." Sally added in a sexy voice "I think you'll really enjoy dessert. Bye"

I spent the day doing all the things that you leave until the weekend and before I knew it I had to get ready to leave. I jumped into the shower and as I usually do I shaved to save time. Today, however, I also decided to shave my balls and get rid of the hairs along my cock. I had often thought about shaving myself completely but thought that I'd start with my balls and dick hairs. If I liked it then I could do the full Monty later. I love a shaved pussy and using my sometimes twisted logic, if I liked shaved pussy maybe women like shaved cocks. Don't try and make sense out of it, it’s my twisted logic but I really wanted to see what a shaved dick would feel like. I lathered up and started to scrape off the hairs on my balls. This was going to be more work than I thought because the razor became matted almost immediately. It took several attempts before I was able to remove most of the hair around my cock and balls. By now I had a raging hard on and I rinsed off the suds to inspect my work. Not too bad but there was a lot left to do and I lathered up again. This time I pulled the skin tight and ran the razor along the curve of my taught sack. I went further and shaved the area just behind my balls. I ran my hand over the whole area and was surprised by how smooth it felt. I finished the job by shaving off the fine hairs that grew along my cock. I began to caress my balls and it felt like heaven. I put down the razor and started to stroke my hard prick with my other hand. I had never felt anything so arousing as my smooth hairless balls. I continued to pump my cock and massage my balls with the shower pounding its hot stream onto my chest. I felt my cum start to boil and like an active volcano it exploded in a jet of white lava from my swollen, red schlong. I fell back against the wall of the shower as the water rinsed the mix of cum and shaving cream from my wilting phallus. Opening my eyes I stepped out of the shower, toweled off, dressed quickly and was out the door. 

I arrived at Sally's a little after seven, having stopped to pick up a couple of bottles of nice red wine. I rang the door bell and heard footsteps approaching. The door opened and Pam beckoned me to come in. "Sally is just finishing a few things in the kitchen, she'll be out in a minute." I must have looked a little silly but I couldn’t stop starring at Pam. She was gorgeous. Her hair looked as if it had been professionally done and her dress would rival any top designer's creation. There was too much skin showing to hide a bra so I knew she wasn't wearing one.

"Pam, I am at a loss for words to describe how beautiful you look."

"My aren't you just the smooth talker. Let’s go in and join everyone." She took my arm and led me into the living room. "Watch out girls, Jeff is trying out his sweet talking side. He can be quite the charmer." 

Cindy was sitting by the fire place while Donna stood by the stereo looking through some music. Cindy was wearing almost nothing, or that's what it seemed like. Her top strained to keep her perfectly formed breasts in place and it stopped above her waist where she had a gold ring in her belly button. Her skirt was a good six inches above her knees and the way she was sitting allowed me to view her blue lace panties. The funny thing was that I think she knew it and was doing it intentionally. Donna was attired in a mid length dress but the sides were split almost to her waist. This gave me a great view of her creamy thighs and I also realized that she was either wearing a thong or was sans panties. I was totally mesmerized by the collective beauty in the room.

Helping my self to a glass of wine, I sat down next to Cindy. "So what time did you guys pack it in last night?"

Cindy took a sip of her wine and replied, "Not too long after you left. Sally had this idea for a dinner party and we talked about it for a while. She suggested that we needed to get away from the bar scene and relax as a group where we could feel totally relaxed and uninhibited." Cindy glanced at Donna and I caught a brief exchange as if they knew something I didn't. Pam had stepped into the kitchen to give Sally a hand. Donna, Cindy and I continued our casual exchange, discussing each other's day and what we each had planned for Sunday. I wanted to get in a golf game but I hadn't made any arrangements. Donna was planning to sleep late and perhaps do a little shopping. Cindy thought that she my hit the beach or drive up the coast to one of the local vineyards. After a few minutes Sally and Pam came into the room and I finally got to see our gracious host. Sally was to say the least, stunning. Her dress was a sheer pale cream number with a flesh colored slip underneath giving the impression that she was naked save for the outer layer. Standing to greet her I looked around the room and proposed a toast "I would like to toast the four most beautiful women in the entire world. I thank my lucky star that I am fortunate to have you as my co-workers. You may not realize it but every other guy in the office is extremely jealous of my good fortune and I suspect that some may be plotting my demise so that they could take my place. So ladies, here is to you, may you always be as fortunate as I feel right now."

The girls all smiled and after we took a sip from our glasses Sally said, "Well well, Pam was right, you are being quite the charmer tonight. We may have to see how charming you can be before the evening is over. All right everyone, dinner is served." Cindy and Donna each took an arm as we made our way to the dining room.

Sally had prepared a feast. "How did you find time to do all this at the last minute?", I asked.

"Jeff my dear I did no such thing. When ever I'm making a nice meal I usually make double or triple and freeze it for nights like this. All I had to do was decide on the meal from what I already had available. And since you brought dessert everything is looked after."

I stopped in mid bite. "I was supposed to bring dessert? I thought you said that I didn't need to do anything. I'm sorry Sally but I didn't bring a dessert. I can run out and get something quick if you wish."

Sally just grinned and said "Oh Jeff you brought dessert, you just don't realize it yet." The other three started to laugh and I looked totally confused. "Do you remember what we were talking about last night?".

"Of course I do, you just don't forget a conversation about blow jobs."

"Well too bad you left early because it got real graphic when it was just us four girls. As a matter of fact it led to why we're having this dinner party." 

"Yes", added Cindy. "You remember that Donna said that she didn't think that she was any good at giving head?" I nodded. "So we thought that perhaps all she needed was a lesson, you know a demo so to speak."

Pam jumped in and said, "So Jeff what do you think? Would a visual lesson help our poor Donna learn the sensual art of cock sucking?"

The girls broke out into hysterical laughter. "Look", I said, "You can't keep teasing me like this. Do you have any idea how hard it is for me to sit there as you girls talk about sex. I end up so worked up and no where to release my frustrations that eventually I'm going to explode or go crazy, so just stop it."

Sally reached across and grabbed my hand. "Jeff you don't understand. We're not teasing you, we want you to be part of the demo. We're serious about showing Donna how to give a good blow job and everyone thought that you would be the ideal guy to help us out. That's why I said that you brought dessert and didn't know it."

I was stunned, they were serious about using my cock as a training aid. Donna, who had been silent up to this point, looked at me and slid her hand over the bulge in my pants. "I'd love to put my lips around your hard cock." She then leaned in and kissed me gently but with deep passion. She continued to massage my cock as she worked her tongue around my mouth. I was lost in her embrace but managed to reach across and place my hand against her face. The others watched as Donna worked me into a frenzy and I heard a few moans from the crowd. Eventually Sally made some noise that brought us both back to reality but Donna didn't remove her hand from my lap.

Sally smiled and said, "That's what were talking about Jeff. Donna wants to learn a few things about oral sex and we want to share our experience and pass on some of our proven techniques. The only thing that was missing from the mix was a nice cock to work with and you were our first choice."

"Let me get this straight, you want to use me to teach Donna about oral sex."

"Correct. So what do you say? Are you willing?"

I shook my head to make sure that this was real and looked at Donna. "If you are truly serious then yes."

The girls let out a collective cheer and we adjourned to the living room. Sally took me aside and told me that she had laid out a few things for me in the spare room and that I should change. The girls, meanwhile, went into Sally's bedroom and said that they were going to get ready for the lesson. On the bed was a pair of silk boxers and a matching silk house coat. As I changed I couldn't keep from getting hard as the smooth silk caressed my cock and balls. I put on the house coat and stepped out into the hall. I could hear giggling and soft talking from Sally's room as I made my way back to the living room. I fixed myself a drink and sat down on the sofa to wait for the girls. A few minutes later they entered the living room and walked deliberately over to where I was sitting. They were all dressed in very sexy lingerie and they were the equal of any Victoria Secret's model. Sally was wearing a white lace bra and panty set with matching garter and stockings. Pam choose the 'merry widow' style in a mix of red and black. Cindy was wearing a pair of sheer thong panties but no bra. Instead she had on a loose sheer house coat that was just for style. Finally there was Donna. She was to boldest of the lot as her outfit was a crotch less panty with a matching bra that left her nipples exposed. 

"I can see that you're ready for our show and tell", said Sally looking at my crotch. "Let's get comfortable and take this nice and slow."

Sally sat on my left and Donna, the eager student, sat on my right. Cindy and Pam knelt down and relaxed on the carpet close to my legs. Donna reached over and undid the loose knot of my housecoat letting the silk fall naturally to the side. Then she and Donna opened the housecoat exposing the silk boxers and the clear outline of my swollen manhood. They each took a side and I lifted my hips so they could slide them off my hips and down my legs. Cindy took over, slipping the boxers over my feet and tossing them aside. My cock and freshly shaved balls were now in full view. 

"Oh Jeff your cock is so beautiful, this is going to be so much fun." Sally took hold of my rigid dick and began to slowly stroke me as the others watched. "Donna, I want you to feel his balls. See how soft and smooth they are. A man's testicles are just as important as his cock and need to be included in oral play. Cindy, you and Pam can jump in anytime you want. Everyone gets to share in the learning experience."

I can't adequately describe the sensation of having four different women run their hands over my cock. I closed my eyes and concentrated on not cumming. I did not want the lesson to end for a long, long time.

Sally resumed her role as teacher and said, "While his erect penis points toward the ceiling, cup his balls in one hand and gently, using only your tongue, lick softly, but carefully along the entire underside of his erect organ. As you suck along the underbelly you will learn those areas that give him the greatest pleasure when your tongue is touching them. Unless he is made of stone, your partner will provide you with vivid clues as to which areas are most pleasurable." She then leaned forward to demonstrate what she meant. She ran her tongue along the velvety smoothness of my throbbing erection. When she reached my balls she planted little kisses on them before continuing to lick my hard cock. She stopped and looked at Donna, "You try it", she said.

Donna took over and started by kissing the sensitive mushroom head of my cock. She licked around the head before running her tongue up and down my shaft. "Spend some time licking his balls", Sally said and Donna complied by using her tongue to give my sack a heavenly massage. Meanwhile I noticed that Cindy and Pam were unconsciously caressing their breasts as they watched. I didn't know how long I could last and I needed to keep from cumming but it wasn’t going to be easy.

"Place his stiff cock inside your mouth but do not tighten your lips around the shaft just close them around the shaft at the point just behind the corona. With your head begin a circle motion. The cock will slide to different places in your mouth as you continue the circle motion." Donna complied and the hot wetness of her mouth closed around my thick and pulsing organ. As she moved her head my cock slid around her mouth touching her cheek, teeth, tongue and occasionally the back of her throat.

"Ok, I know this is a lesson for Donna, but I think we all would like to share in the experience." Sally looked to Cindy and Pam and asked, "Would either of you like to taste Jeff's cock?" Immediately Cindy leaned forward and grabbed my dick putting it into her mouth. Pam pulled my legs apart so she could have access to my balls. Donna and Sally rubbed my chest and took turns giving me the most passionate kisses known to mankind. I placed my hand on Sally's breast and she moaned as I pinched her hard swollen nipple. She arched her back and raised her hips so that I could take her nipple into my mouth and I greedily suck on her full and quivering breast. Donna, not to be left out, was licking my nipples and I couldn’t believe how sensitive they were. I had never had a woman do this before and I loved it. Sally put her hand on the back of my head and held me to her breast. I could feel my orgasm building and I moved my hips in anticipation of cumming in Cindy's mouth. Sally sensed that I was about to loose control and she quickly broke free and told everyone to stop. 

"We don't want Jeff to cum before the lesson is finished", she said. "I suggest that we take a few minutes to settle down so that everyone can refresh themselves before we continue."

"My god Sally you can't leave me like this."

Cindy was still holding on to my cock and said, "I agree with Sally. We all want a little cock action so you'll just have to be patient."

Pam then stood up and began to strip off her sexy outfit. Donna smiled and stood beside her and removed her bra, exposing her perfect round breasts. She then reached into her split crotch panties and slipped a finger between the wet folds of her pussy. Meanwhile Pam had removed her top and was slowly sliding her panties down her creamy thighs. When they passed her knees they fell silently to the floor. She picked the up and reached over to place them on my pulsating blood engorged cock. They were so light that I hardly knew they were there but the sight of her panties on my dick took all my control to keep from cumming. Sally wrapped her hand around the panties and pulled them tight against my cock.

"Cindy I want you to get between his legs. Ok girls next we're going to add some special treats. As you are giving head begin a slow playful search around his ass. Many men are particularly sensitive in this area and it will enhance the sensations that your mouth and tongue and throat are giving his cock to feel a finger playing with his butt. As your partner relaxes and allows you access, gently insert your finger into his butt. Go slowly exploring the velvety sensations along the sides of his opening."
