 This is not really a standalone story rather it is the continuation of the story of "Alyssa." If you have not read that story, this one may seem to start rather abruptly. I would encourage you to go to my index of stories and read "Alyssa" before reading this one.

Following Alyssa's advice and upon her promise to take me to the party, aka gangbang, I took a well needed nap and rested. The next thing I knew, I was being shaken awake by Alyssa, with her saying; "Come on sleepyhead, it's time to get up and go to the party."

It only took a couple of seconds for my sleepy mind to clear enough to remember I had just fucked Alyssa downstairs on the sofa. Not only that, she was encouraging me to go with her where she and the other girl I had just met the same night, would be the entertainment at a gangbang with an entire men's softball team. Her encouragement included a promise that I could fuck her again, fuck her friend Jan and have Jan suck my cock, which according to Alyssa, was Jan's favorite thing to do.

I might have been slow in school, but I am no idiot. As my feet hit the floor, I asked; "What should I wear?"

"It doesn't matter; you won't be wearing clothes that much anyway. Just wear what you have on."

Well, what I had on was just a pair of shorts, with no shirt and no underwear. I had used my shirt to wipe my hands after having my fingers in Alyssa's pussy and ass. I grabbed a polo shirt that somewhat matched my shorts, slipped on a pair of sandals and said; "How about this?"

"You look a little over dressed to me, but that will do until we get to the party."

Alyssa led me out to her car, which was a mid-80s red Mustang. It was a good thing she was driving as we traveled down back roads, between and around orange groves and finally to an older farmhouse set between two of those orange groves. There was only one car there, a red Pontiac Grand Am parked beside the house. Alyssa pulled up alongside it and said; "Good! Jan is the only one here. Come on, I want you to fuck her before the others get here."

As Alyssa was parking, I asked; "How old is Jan?"

"She's already 21. Her birthday was in May. We went to high school together; I've known her for about 6 years."

Alyssa jumped out of the car and practically ran to my side, reaching for my hand as I open the passenger door. She pulled me out of her car and skipped merrily along while we crossed the front yard and stepped onto the huge front porch of this old farmhouse. If I didn't know better, it would look like a couple out on a date. There were screens on all the windows as well as the front door set in the middle of the porch. All the windows were open as was the door and music could be heard, coming from inside.

Alyssa opened the screen door and pulled me through the opening before the spring could reclose the door. The screen door slammed, announcing our arrival, at which time Alyssa yelled; "Jan come here; I have a surprise for you."

The door had opened into an older style living room and not an entry hall. The room had a few chairs and a sofa, but was not overly crowded. Just then, Jan appeared at the door leading into the back portion of the house, wearing nothing except a pair of red bikini panties. When she saw me, she grabbed her titties and said; "Damn it Alyssa, why didn't you tell me someone was with you? I could at least put on a shirt."

"That's alright, you remember Jim from earlier tonight. I've already fucked him and I told him your favorite thing to do, so he agreed to come to the party with me. He wants to see if you are a good as everybody says."

"So...you want me to suck your dick? You want me to do it right now or you want to wait 'til everyone else gets here?"

Alyssa put her two cents worth is; "I want you to do it right now. I don't want you to be distracted by anyone else."

Jan had dropped her hands by that time was proudly exhibiting her titties, which were not as large as Alyssa's, but a firm and shapely B cup. She said; "Well come on; I'm already nearly naked; it won't take me long to get ready."

Alyssa added; "His dick probably still taste like my pussy, it hasn't been but a little while since he fucked the shit out of me."

Jan had turned toward the room at the rear of the house, which looked as if a couple of walls had been removed to make one huge room with a kitchen at one end. As she walked, she was pulling off her panties and obviously getting ready for some kind of sexual activity. After she was completely naked, I asked; "Do you like the taste of Alyssa's pussy?"

"I love to taste her pussy, but the only way she will let me taste it is off of someone's dick."

"Would you lick her pussy if she let you?"

"Yes, I would love to lick her pussy."

"How about it Alyssa; can Jan lick your pussy?"

"I'll let her lick me while you fuck her doggie, but first I want to see her give you a blowjob."

Were these girls reading my dreams? Whether they knew it or not, they were fulfilling my fantasies. Jan motioned me toward a large arm chair and waited until I dropped my shorts and sit down. She dropped to her knees in between my legs and grabbed my cock with both hands. She licked around the head like she was cleaning up the melting portion of an ice cream cone and then took about three inches of my cock into her mouth. She bobbed up and down with only her lips and tongue touching my cock and then she suddenly plunged down and took my entire cock down her throat. She obviously had almost no gag reflexes and I could feel her swallowing my cock as if she was trying to get it to go down her throat. After five or six times of swallowing, she pulled off, looked at me with a smile of accomplishment and asked; "You like that?"

I think for the moment, we all forgot about my cock tasting like Alyssa's pussy; I know I was only thinking about Jan's mouth at the time. I answered her question by saying; "Yeah, I like that real good,"

She returned to her, self-claimed favorite thing to do; sucking cock. As good as she was, the earlier fucking I had gotten from Alyssa was affecting my ability to cum quickly (good or bad). My normal nature is to hunch forward, in and out as I am getting sucked, but this time I was relatively still as Jan performed the blow job. I think she sensed my condition and that is probably because the younger guys in their group of friends only lasted a minute or two with her unique and talented technique.  

Jan looked up toward Alyssa and said; "Okay, you promised, I am doing my part and I don't think he is going to cum very quick after you fucked him, so bring your pussy here." With that statement and request, she grabbed me by the hand and pulled me to a standing position while reaching for Alyssa's hand at the same time. Jan was acting as the pivot as she guided me to behind her in one direction and Alyssa in front of her on the other side.

Alyssa had already removed her shorts and I guess she didn't put on panties after we had fucked, so she was naked from the waist down. She sit down on the front edge of the chair and leaned back, half lying with only her head held up by the back of the chair. She pulled her feet up and placed one heal on either side of her hips and spread her knees wide, leaving her recently fucked pussy, spread invitingly in front of Jan.

Jan was back on her knees in front of Alyssa, so she leaned forward getting ready to lick that pussy. Alyssa, remembering the other portion of the deal we had made, quickly covered herself with both hands and said: "Not so fast there young lady, I want to see Jim fuck you doggie."

Jan looked at me over her shoulder and said; "Come on Jim, get your dick in me so we can shut her up."

I got on my knees behind Jan and with my hands, helped spread he knees further apart to lower her pussy to the correct height. I placed my left hand on her hip for balance and stabilization and grabbed my cock with my right hand. Just a couple of wipes up and down with my cock between her pussy lips proved Jan was well lubricated and ready for penetration. Pushing forward slightly as I sawed my cock up and down allowed me to penetrate her as soon as we were aligned properly. With just the head of my cock held at the opening of Jan's pussy, I moved my hands to hold her by the hips on each side and hunched forward to enter this second girl in the same night.

Jan moaned her approval as Alyssa said; "Yeah, fuck her good Jim. Fuck her like you did me." Then addressing Jan, she added; "He has nice a cock doesn't he?"

I still felt like I was living a dream as Jan agreed by saying; "Can you play softball? Maybe you can join the team and become a regular." Just then, it seemed Jan remembered another promise. "Get your hands off that pussy girl and let me get to it."

Not only did Alyssa move her hands exposing her pussy to Jan, she leaned forward enough to grab Jan's head and pull it into place. Jan's pussy was maybe a little tighter than Alyssa's but more than that; the two of them were built differently in that area. Jan's pelvic bone was tight against the top of her vulva and her g-spot seemed very close to that area also. In the doggie position, I could feel the hardness of her pelvic bone on the underside of my cock, especially if I pushed down on the small of her back and lowered my position so my entry was more vertical and less horizontal. After just 4 or 5 minutes of this different sensation and watching Alyssa splayed out with her pussy being eaten by the same girl I was fucking, I felt a climax coming on strong.

I was working up a good sweat and so was Jan, so before I completely lost all control, I said; "Girl, I'm close to cumming, where do you want it?"

She took her mouth off Alyssa's pussy long enough to look back at me and say; "Just cum all over my ass; I love that!" With that information, I pounded hard a few more times, then pulled out, straightened more upright on my knees and grabbed my cock with my right hand. I was so close to spurting it didn't take more than a few jerks back and forth before I shot 2 strong spurts on that ass that was presented so invitingly.

I was 42 at the time and because of the type work I was doing and the number of hours we worked some weeks, I was in pretty good physical shape. At least I was for my age, but these girls were only 20 & 21 and they had worn me out. I'm sure the long motorcycle ride had something to do with it also. I had scrubbed my knees pretty thoroughly on the carpet, so I stood up as I told Jan; "You asked for it girl, so you got it, but that's all I've got for now."

With the main show over, Alyssa said; "Why don't we clean up and wait for the boys to get here?"

Jan voiced no complaints and pulled away from her task of eating Alyssa's pussy. As she was standing up, I asked her: "Is there a place I can take a quick shower?" And then added; "It looks like you could use one too."

Turning toward the end of the large room that still had doors, she said; "Sure, right this way. We can take one together if you want. I'll wash your back if you wash mine."

"That sounds like a deal to me, but don't expect more than a back wash. I may not get hard again for a week."

"Oh, I bet Alyssa and I can get you hard much quicker than that." As I followed her toward the bathroom, Alyssa headed over toward the kitchen portion of this multi-purpose room. When we reached a rather large old farm house type bathroom, Jan open the door of the tub enclosure and turned the hot water on as she explained; "It takes a couple of minutes for the hot water to get here. I'll get us a couple of towels."

I checked the water temperature and it seemed warm enough to use, so I stepped in the tub and got wet while Jan was wiping the cum off her ass with toilet paper. I grabbed the bar of soap from the holder and started lathering up as Jan opened the other door of the tub enclosure which partially closed the one she first opened closer to the faucets. Where I was standing and the angle of the showerhead had the water hitting me on the chest. As Jan stepped inside the tub and closed the doors, she picked up a wash cloth and reaching around me, held it in the stream of water against my chest. With the cloth wet, she took the soap from me and started using it as well as the wet cloth to lather up and wash my back.

When she reached the small of my back, she continued down my hips and as far as she could reach down my legs. Evidently not satisfied with her reach, she squatted down and placed a knee on each side of my legs and used her left hand for added balance. From there she washed my entire legs, including the fronts and the top if each foot. Then she started back up and when she reached my ass, she spent additional time on it and even reached around and washed my cock. Pulling the wash cloth back she said; "Spread your legs and bend over."

The way she was gripping my legs with hers, I couldn't spread mine very far, so she sensed the problem and relaxed her legs as she said; "Just put your feet outside mine and spread your legs as far as you can." As I was maneuvering my feet around trying not to fall on the slippery tub, I guess she had a better idea and moved to her knees behind me. This gave me more room and with the tub sides against the outside of each foot, I felt a little more secure, although I did feel a little uneasy exposing my asshole to this very pretty 21 year old girl.

Jan seemed perfectly relaxed as if it was an everyday occurrence. She continued to wash my butt and as she did, I became more relaxed and trusting. The sensation was really very pleasant as I bent forward putting my head under the shower head and letting the warm water run through my hair and down my backside from neck to my ass. She kept replenishing the soap on the wash cloth and washed areas she had already covered 3 and 4 times. She pushed slightly on my back, indicating I should bend forward more, so I placed both hands on the wall on either side of the shower controls and with the added support, I leaned forward as much as I could without falling.

With the additional room to work, Jan held the soap in one hand and the cloth in the other, reached between my legs and gave my balls and my cock, as well as my ass crack a thorough washing. Like she had predicted earlier, my cock was on the rise again, so she got a good grip on it with her left hand. She placed the bar of soap back in the soap dish and let the wash cloth drop to the tub where it glided toward the drain. She continued to rub back and forth as well as up and down my ass with her right hand as if she was redirecting the water running down my backside to get rid of all soap residue. Just about the time I was totally relaxed, she started circling one finger around my asshole. I have never been too fond of receiving ass play, although I like giving it, if the girl is really attractive to me.

With Jan, even though I just met her a few hours ago, I was quickly, totally relaxed and was letting her do what she wanted. I could feel her kissing me on my hips moving in a random pattern. Slowly, she was inching closer to my asshole without me even realizing what she was doing. When I was totally relaxed and comfortable with her anal play, she kissed me directly on my puckering asshole and although I jumped slightly at the surprise, it felt exciting in a taboo sort of way.

Since I initiated none of this play, it seemed Jan was enjoying what she was doing, so I just let her proceed. Before I realized it, she stuck her tongue inside the ass she had just washed with soap and water. That was a sensation I had never experienced before and I was totally lost in the moment. Then she pulled back and spoke for the first time in a couple of minutes. "I though you said you were worn out and couldn't get hard. What is this?" With that she started jerking my cock with her left hand. Then and only then did I realize I was totally hard and ready for more action.

She grabbed me by the sides of my hips and started twisting me, to turn me around. When I was facing her, she shuffled her feet under her; sitting on her heals while supporting herself on the balls of her feet and holding me by my legs for balance and added support. She looked up at me with lust filled eyes and said; "Why don't I finish that blow job I started earlier? Just grab me by the head and fuck my face. You know you want to."

She was correct on that; at that moment, I wanted to ram my cock down her throat. Not in any violent or sadistic way, but out of the lust and excitement she had created and with her encouragement. I grabbed the back of her head close to the base of her skull and pulled her to me. At the same time, she was guiding my cock to her mouth with her left hand as she was pulling me toward her with her right. With my cock securely inserted in Jan's mouth, she moved the hand holding it and then used both hands to pull me to her even harder. By then, my hands on her head were more for balance and alignment and she was the aggressor.

Pulling me as hard as was reasonably possible, she buried her nose in my pubic hair for maybe 6 to 7 seconds and then pulled off me with tears in her eyes, but a smile on her lips and an expression of joy and accomplishment. She spoke one word; "Again." With that; she did it, again. She repeated that routine maybe 5 times and then changed her spoken message to; "Come on; cum in my mouth." She repeated the deep throat and then repeated the words; "Come on; I want you to cum in my mouth."

Just then, the sliding glass door opened and Alyssa was standing there stark naked saying; "I wondered what was taking so long. Go ahead Jim. She wants you to cum in her mouth, so do it."

At that point, I was so close to cumming, a train wreck wouldn't have stopped me. I looked at Alyssa who was grinning ear to ear, pulled hard on Jan's head and cum. Now, after the night I had already experienced, it was a light load, but a climax just the same. Jan seemed proud of her accomplishment and gave fist pump as she said; "YES!"

I turned back toward the showerhead and rinsed my cock off, then took the towel Alyssa was handing me as I stepped out of the tub onto a bath mat. Jan picked up the wash cloth and soap and moved quickly into the stream of water. As I cleared the way, Alyssa closed the tub enclosure then said; "So how was her blowjob?"

"That was the best I have ever had. You were correct about her liking to suck cock."

From the tub, Jan said; "Hey, I heard that. Don't be talking about me behind my back."

Alyssa retorted; "We weren't talking behind your back; you could hear everything we said. Plus, it's no secret that you would rather suck dick than anything."

"I guess I left my shorts and shirt in the other room."

Alyssa answered; "Yeah, they are on the sofa. Why don't you relax until the team gets here? You have had a full night of fucking and sucking, I'd say."

I went to the big room and retrieved my clothes, leaving Alyssa and Jan the bathroom. I was just starting to relax when I heard cars coming into the driveway. I started toward the bathroom to warn the girls, but they met me at the door to the hallway, both still totally naked. I said; "With the number of cars I hear, it looks like the party is here."

Jan replied saying; "Alyssa, are you ready for this?"

"Jan, you know I am always ready. What about you?"

"As long as there are cocks to be sucked, it's my job to make the team happy."

To be continued in the last chapter of this series.