 Written by Romane. Translated by Her Solitary Dreamer

Miss Sexy Voice then led me toward another part of the room, and made me sit on the ground, with legs spread and my hands on my back. I felt some hands, from somewhere behind me, come to rest on my breasts, just as some men were ejaculating on me. A young woman caressed my breasts, allowing the watery sperm to run between her fingers and my nipples. I do not know how many people came on me, but when I was spread out on a bench, I was completely drenched with cum.

My faced was coated, the sperm running down my chin and my breasts, even down into my pubic hair. I was once again spread out on a bench. Miss Sexy Voice asked me to rise, to straddle the bench, and then to lower myself slowly. As I was following her instructions, I felt hands spread my ass cheeks, and then a phallus, a real one this time, a warm phallus, and a quite lively one at that, pressed against my hole. It was not very big, and slid in easily.

I felt terribly sexy and really dirty and slutty when someone lifted my legs off the ground to the point that all of my weight was concentrated on my ass. Feminine hands were lifting my legs, while my arms were wrapped around their shoulders. They begin to lift me, forcing me to fuck the phallus, while my legs were mostly spread open. The man remained tranquilly reclined on the bench, and it was the young women who were making me bounce up and down on his penis. I was on fire, and when he came, he ejaculated a good measure of his semen in my ass.

After all that I had experienced, I was ready for anything. Even a dog would have sufficed in this affair. I was going to bang my head against the wall if anyone kept me from sliding my fingers into my pussy just once.

Miss Sexy Voice returned once again, led me to the middle of the room, and made me sit on the ground, once again with legs mostly spread and hands on my back.

I heard another voice telling someone to kneel on the ground. I then felt wet skin and a sexy bush lightly caressing my inner thighs.

I recognized Anne's perfume, and became aroused, knowing that she would make me cum if anyone could do it.

"Your masks are going to be removed," Miss Sexy Voice said, "and you will only have three minutes together to do whatever you want."

My heart skipped a beat. We could now help each other cum!

My mask was removed, and I squinted even though the light was soft and somewhat dim. Anne was on her knees in front of me, and she was, as I, covered with pussy juices and semen. Her hair was still in place, but there were traces, although fine, of cum around her mouth. We kissed each other hungrily, licking up the sperm that we had on our faces and in our mouths, and it was then that she leaned back and offered me her sex, her pussy lips slightly spread by her fingers.

"Suck me, whore! Make me cum!," she violently spat at me.

I then began to suck on her clitoris, and slid three fingers into her wet vulva, fucking her crazily with my fingers and my tongue. Anne began to moan and tremble, pulling my head closer to her, and rubbing her pussy against my face. I stopped and looked up.

"Eat my pussy too! Let me cum with you!," I implored her.

"Don't stop fucking me, bitch!"

Anne slid onto her back, keeping my face drawn to her pussy.

"Make me cum all over your face!"

Anne was as frustrated as I was. I succeeded in pulling away from her grip, rolled her over, and turned her around on the ground. Anne responded by sliding on top of my body, spreading my legs wide open, and then attacking my vulva with her tongue as though she were a madwoman. She pressed her pussy against my mouth, and I began to suck hers as well. We fingered each other while licking our clits, until, at last, after a long moment of fucking, I was able to feel the first waves of my orgasm approaching. Anne was at the same point. I could feel her vaginal muscles pressing more and more against my fingers.

Only a few more seconds and . . . someone took her from on top of me, and some hands held me down on the ground.

"NO! GOD, NO! I WANT TO CUM! I WAS GOING TO CUM!," I shouted into the room.

Anne echoed my sentiments.

My mother appeared before us, and I could not believe my eyes. She stood in front of the two of us, dressed in long leather boots that went up to her thighs, wearing a leather harness of sorts that wrapped around her breasts, with chains that ran from the harness and disappeared between her thighs. She was even wearing leather gloves that went up to her elbows. She remained in front of us, her hands on her hips, radiating an animal warmth.

"Let these bitches continue to suck each other," she said.

Miss Sexy Voice told us that we could continue with our amorous frolic. I turned my head, and looked at her, discovering an exquisite woman looking back at me, a woman twenty-eight years of age, with full breasts, dark hair, and a very sensual mouth. I then noticed that her pubis was shaven, as was the pussy of one of her lovers, a young woman who was in the process of fingering Miss Sexy Voice's cunt.

Anne climbed back on top of me, and we resumed our soixante-neuf, both of us knowing that this time we were going to cum. Anne and I fingered and sucked each other. I felt my pussy begin to ache with tension, preparing to cum, and I hoped that we would be able to finish this time. Anne's pussy was doing the same thing under the care of my fingers, and we approached the fateful moment.

Anne came first, and she savagely thrust her hips against me. Then I came in turn, moaning with a guttural sound, my orgasm rocking and shaking my very soul. I could feel Anne shuddering on top of me, my shivering body shuddering as well.

When we had finally finished, Anne lay on top of me, and I gently kissed her sweet and wet pussy. She turned around, while continuing to caress my inner thighs, so that our mouths could join together in a sexy kiss. We could both taste our own juices on the other's lips, juices mixed with a slight trace of semen. After our long and tender fuck, Anne rolled over next to me, and looked around the room.

The room was decorated as though it were a grand salon, with chairs, sofas, a bench, many footstools, and a coffee table. In all of the rooms, the people were either naked or dressed in sexy clothes.

I realized that Anne and I were equally naked. Someone had removed the last of our clothes, our stockings and hose, but I do not recall at what moment that actually happened.

I saw a blonde woman with a shaven pussy straddling an enormous cock, and then a man with a much smaller dick beginning to fuck the asshole of another woman.

Miss Sexy Voice was having her shaven pussy blown by a young woman of my age while sitting on a sofa with her legs on the girl's shoulders.

A man ejaculated next to her, and I could see his sperm shoot all the way over to her full breasts. The girl stopped sucking on her pussy, and began her attack on the man's phallus in an attempt to clean it. The girl then returned to Miss Sexy Voice, and proceeded to lick the semen from her breasts.

Anne showed me something, a woman seated on a stool, her pussy being assaulted by an impressively large penis, her face being crushed by the legs of another woman straddling her face.

It was a veritable orgy!

I looked for my mother, and found her. I blinked when I spotted her. Three men were shooting long, stringy loads of cum all over her body and her breasts, while another woman was sucking her off. My mother avidly licked their pricks, when a redhead arrived in order to spread their cum across my mother's face.

Anne and I looked at each other, and then she gathered a little of the sperm from her breasts in order to wipe it across my face. I felt sexy, and very slutty. Since my own breasts were dripping with semen, I offered them to her, and she began to lick them. One guy even knelt behind me, holding his large penis near my clitoris, and masturbated his cock.

"Spray it on her face!," I said to him. He enthusiastically did so a few seconds later.

Some drops of his cum landed on my breasts, and then Anne sucked on his cock. Anne and I kissed, and she offered me the juicy, sticky cum that she had in her mouth.

She went back and forth, sucking his cock, then kissing me more and more passionately.

A man looked at us, and then I felt my pussy being probed by something. His cock? I looked below me, between my thighs, and saw a woman wearing a strap-on behind me, pressing her toy against my vulva. She knew how to use the dildo. A little while later, she was pumping me from behind, leaning over my back and holding on to me, helping me to a new orgasm.

Anne slid out from under me, and I saw her get on all fours in front of a man who had to be in his fifties. He had a body that was thin and short, and a thick cock that would do well in Anne's ass. I watched them until I began to have another orgasm. The woman leaned forward to kiss and thank me, licking my ear, all before beginning a quest to find another woman to fuck.

Anne did a wonderful job of taking his cock into her ass, and I slid below her in order to kiss her pussy. I felt another cock in me, which fucked me until it came. I just wanted to kiss Anne and pinch her nipples, and then she came in turn. I felt semen spreading and leaking from my grotto before the man's cock was replaced by a woman's mouth. She licked me ravishingly, the sperm mixed with my juices, and I knew that I was going to cum soon. I wanted to see who she was.

I looked below and saw long red hair. The woman raised her head and said, "I always knew that you had a delicious pussy," and then returned to licking me.

I actually knew her!

"Miss Palmer!?," I said, surprised to see my English professor naked, sucking greedily on my pussy.

She sat down, her fine breasts in contrast to her large pink nipples, her face wet with the rose wine from my pussy. She smiled at me, told me that she had always wanted to lick my pussy, and then she slid three fingers into its interior, working my clitoris with her thumb, all while sucking and licking on my breasts.

The fiftysomething man came in Anne's ass, having buried himself so deeply in her, and then the both of them watched Miss Palmer licking on my breasts and rubbing my clit to orgasm. Miss Palmer then offered her red bush to Anne, who licked and sucked my professor in turn, causing her to moan. I rose to suck on my teacher's fine, firm breasts.

"You are very hot girls!," she said to us. "Truly vicious bitches, which I adore."

She came, crying in long moans, dripping all over Anne's face. We kissed her, allowing her to tickle us both until she rose, abandoning us in search of other pleasures. Around us were increasingly more people whom we had already seen, I am sure of it, but I also saw some new faces, sexes, and bodies. I no longer saw Miss Palmer and Miss Sexy Voice. My mother was spread out on her back, being fucked and licked aggressively by a young woman twenty-five years of age.

A man in his thirties asked us if we would like to have something to drink. We asked him what sort of drinks he had to offer, but he only led us into room with a bar where he merely served us orange juice. The man told us that we were the most immodest tarts that he had ever seen. We thanked him, and upon returning to the other room, we found my mother seated in a chair, having someone munch on her pussy. I went over to her, and asked her how long we were going to stay here.

"If you want to go home, the key to the car is in my locker, number 358," she said.

The woman who was munching on my mother's pussy began to masturbate me.

"I know someone who can take me home. If not, you are free to stay here as long as I am here."

We told her that we were ready to go home. We were exhausted, and no longer had enough steam to return to combat. She told us that she would be home late, and that we were free to do whatever we wanted until she returned, including fucking our boyfriends at the house.

We went into the locker room in order to find the key to the car. We grabbed our clothes, and, once dressed, we realized that I was only wearing shoes and a dress, and that Anne was only wearing shoes, her miniskirt, and her bustier. The semen and girl juices were a little too obvious on our bodies. We tried to clean up our upper bodies a little, never noticing that there were showers behind the last row of lockers.

We headed toward the exit, but stopped to ask a man for directions back home.

"Follow the signs. It's not too difficult!," he said to us.

He was too busy sliding his erect phallus between the amply-endowed breasts of a young woman.

We walked out into the warm air of night, and easily found the car. We noticed that we had stayed at that place for more than five hours. I left the parking lot, and a little while later, having followed the signs, we found a road that we recognized.

"I cannot bring myself to believe what just happened!," said Anne. "Do you realize that we acted like a bunch of bitches in heat in front of all of those people?"

"And my mother," I said to her.

"Oh, yes! Your mother was not bad either."

I did not actually want to talk about my mother, but I hoped that she knew what I was thinking about.

"Did you see how your mother liked to have those guys cum on her?"

"You also liked that, did you not?," I asked her.

"Yes, but . . ."

"Me too. And you were covered with sperm when we removed our masks," I reminded her.

"Me!," she cried. "You had semen dripping down your entire body!"

"And that pleased you?," I inquired.

"How you say that!," she said to me with a mischievous wink.

This entire conversation reminded me of the sticky cum and juices that I had on my breasts, my stomach, and on other places. My ass was still sticky, and my pussy was still wet. I drove carefully.

"And who treated me like a bitch and a whore?," I asked her.

"Excuse me, but the desire to cum was too strong, and you had stopped sucking on my clit just as I was about to cum. I was breathless with desire."

"Listen, you fucking fool, if you had done a soixante-neuf with me from the start . . ."

I was going crazy, because Anne had not guessed how hot I was, and what I wanted to do.

"Fool, fucking fool!," she said. "Wait until we get back home, and I will show you who's the fucking fool!"

We stopped talking, and began to laugh.

Once home, we took off our clothes and kissed each other on the parts of our bodies that we had not paid attention to earlier. Anne's hand began to slide between my thighs.

"Wait a minute!," I said to her. "I would like to take a shower. I feel dirty and sticky."

"Hmm, me too. I feel sticky with sperm. And afterwards your fucking fool will lick you until you are begging to cum."

"Ooh, you are my favorite fucking fool. Let's take our shower!"

We went into the bathroom, and began to run the water in the shower. Anne offered me no respite, kneeling before me and licking my pussy while the water warmed up. Despite the difficult ordeal that she had suffered, my pussy began to grow wet, and her fingers caressed my lips while I pressed into the glass of the shower door.

"You are a greedy little one," I said, opening the door. "You can eat me under the water of the shower!"

Anne did not budge, licking my clitoris, which made me hot and horny. I decided that after I came, I would take the shower.

She only had a few more flicks of the thumb to go, and then she stopped. Sweet revenge!

"Well, go ahead and take that shower!," she said.

"You bitch!," I said to her. "Don't stop now!"

"Hahaha. You were just about ready to cum?," the little slut asked me.

"Eat me, whore, lick my clit!," I said, trying to force her to the ground.

Anne began to flick my clit again, which began to calm me.

"I wager that you would like to suck up my juices right now," Anne said to me.

I moaned, trying to get her to go down between my legs and finish.

"Or would you prefer to have a mouthful of cum squirting from a superb phallus?"

I moaned again, and said to her, "Be quiet, and make me cum, bitch!"

Anne laughed and began to lick my clit again. I came, my body trembling, my vulva surging with spasms while I held Anne's head closer to me.

When I regained my composure, I thanked her and kissed her on the lips. We climbed into the shower and washed each other, and I returned the favor by going down on her and sucking her clit until she came.

Then, we climbed onto my bed, kissed, played with each other, each climbing over the other. We nibbled on each other plenty of times, and Anne even came on my breasts, covering me with her sweet juices.

We were both naked, intertwined, and ready to go to sleep when my mother arrived.

She woke both of us up when she turned on the light in the room. It was warm, and we were only partially covered by our sheets. I was sleeping with my arm on Anne, holding one of her breasts in my hand.

My mother smiled and asked us if we had had a good time. Half asleep, we responded with a "yes."

"Come here!," she said to us. "I bought something for you two on the way home."

She gave us each a present enclosed in a box. We opened them and discovered vibrators inside. Both were of a nice size, and had a realistic look to them. They even had batteries.

"Awesome!," said Anne.

I joined her in thanking my mother. My mother wished us a good night, and went to bed. Anne and I stayed awake, playing with our new toys until sleepiness got the better of us.

The next morning, my mother rose before us, and made us get up to have breakfast. She had a shrewd smile at the corners of her lips when she looked at us. Our sheets were turned down at the foot of the bed. Anne was fondling my breast from behind, and my vibe, long since extinguished, was still in my pussy.

We showered, dressed, and when my mother left for work, we thought of all of the ways that we were going to use our new vibes. It was going to be a very long and hot day!!!

The following night, we did not think that the batteries lasted long enough!