 Chapt. I

It was about an hour before closing time as the librarian finished her end-of-day duties. The assistant had gone home sick earlier in the day, leaving her very busy. Fortunately, the crowds had thinned out, and only one patron remained, a stocky blond man in his mid-forties. The librarian didn't really pay much attention to him, although she did notice his graying beard, and found it to be quite attractive. He seemed to be able to find what he

needed, and didn't ask for any assistance. She went behind the counter to make sure that everything was in order, and found one last stack of books that had to be returned to the shelves. Fifteen minutes to closing, she thought to herself, just enough time to put these books away. She loaded the books onto the cart and went about her task. She was almost done when she thought she noticed the man looking at her as she bent over to put the last book away on the bottom shelf. She wondered what he was thinking.

Intrigued, she walked over to him and told him that the library would be closing, and asked him if he wanted to check anything out. When he answered that he already had, and he liked what he saw, she walked over to the door

and locked it, putting up a large "CLOSED" sign in the window.

Chapt. II

Instantly as the "CLOSED" sign was placed in the window, he felt a stirring deep in his loins. He watched as she began walking towards him and saw a little smirk on her face. "And just what was it you were checking out," She asked? "Come here," he said to her, "and I'll show you what I was checking out." She hesitated momentarily then proceeded to come towards him and when she got there, he placed his hands on her shoulders and turned her around. 

She looked over her shoulder and ask, "What are you doing?" He didn't answer her and he moved to the book counter and told her to lay forward over it. She looked quizingly at him and started to say something but couldn't. He saw the excitement in her eyes as he cleared the counter and she leaned forward until her breasts were flat on the counter top and her head laying on her forearms. His hands found her ass through her dress and she jumped when he gave them a sqeeze.

She turned her head again and with a surprised look, asked, "What are you doing sir?" He told her that she asked him what he was checking out so he's going to show her. His hands began inching up her skirt until the hem was just above her waist, exposing her laced panties and the tops of her stockings. He placed my foot on the inside of hers and tapped it so she would part her legs more. Instinctively she parted them but realized the situation and tried to close them again. He held my foot firm and then reached his hand under her ass and slide it up until he was cupping her mound. She started to protest but all she could manage was a soft moan as he began running his fingers through her slit. Even with the panties still in place he could feel the instant moisture forming as his fingers slide over her labia.

Chapt. III

After teasing her with his long, sensuous tongue, he removed her panties, sliding them down over her legs and tossing them on the floor. Still bent over the table, the librarian felt a tingling all over her body as she

anticipated what would happen next. The man lowered himself to his knees, his face even with her ever-moistening pussy. He buried his face in her as he probed her cunt with his tongue. The combination of that and his gentle chewing of her pussy began to make the librarian squirm with delight. Her mouth watered as she began to consider the pleasures he might give her.

It was time for a change of position, she decided. Leaving her legs spread, allowing him a full view of her pussy, she climbed up onto the counter. As he watched with anticipation, she laid on her back, leaving her head hanging over the edge of the counter. Her head was towards him, and her legs were still spread wide. Although he could no longer see her pussy lips, he had a tantalizing view of her bush, not to mention her big breasts. She pushed her shoulders right up to the end of the counter, allowing her neck to bend over the edge. By now his pants were down around his ankles, and his cock was throbbing. As he stood before her, she had a close up view of his balls and cock. She licked and played with them for a while, all the time running her fingers up and down the crack of his ass. Then the waiting became excruciating, and she gently guided his big hot cock into her waiting mouth. Slowly he inched it in, not wanting to gag her. After a couple of partial insertions, he finally managed to fit the entire shaft in her mouth. Now that she had the right position, he was able to move his cock in and out, allowing the stimulation needed for him to cum. As much as she wanted to have his cock in her tight little hole, she knew that this was too good to stop. He kept on thrusting until his cum exploded into her mouth, allowing her the opportunity to savor his sweet cum in her mouth before swallowing it.

They were rendered speechless, and he quickly pulled his pants back up and silently went out the door after she walked over, still naked, to unlock it for him. She knew she would have a hard time concentrating on her job tomorrow. The next day was not quite as busy, but her assistant was still sick. She was kept busy through the day, and she, as predicted, had a difficult time keeping her mind on her work. A few minutes before closing, as she was clearing the final patrons from the building, she saw him. He was back. And this time, he had brought another man with him. Her mind raced with excitement as she thought of the possibilities............

Chapt. IV

Once she let the men inside, she had a look of apprehension on her face, not knowing what was going to happen. She also felt a rush of excitement flowing through her loins and she became instantly wet just thinking about the possibilities of being taken by two men at once. One of her fantasies were soon to realized. The man that she knew from he previous evening walked over to her after she put the "CLOSED" sign in the window and took her by the arm and led her over to the familiar table and took her into his arms and kissed her openly. Her tongue found his and they began sparring as she emitted a low gutteral moan as she felt his hands moving down her body. 

She tensed momentarily as she felt the second pair of hand on her ass as the other man came closer and pressed up against her back. Her mind was reeling as the two pair of hands were exploring her body. The shorter man that was kissing her, broke the kiss and turned her around to face the taller man. 

He immediately found her mouth with his and once again her tongue was dancing with another tongue. The shorter man moved his hands over her curves and then found the side zipper on her skirt. He moved the zipper down and pushed her skirt down her thighs onto the floor. A rush of coolness hugged her thighs and the sudden chill only caused her nipples to harden against the taller man's fondling hands.

She reached up and began unbuttoning the taller man's shirt as he opened her blouse and she pressed up against him to feel his skin on hers. The shorter man unhooked her bra, freeing her mammoth breasts. A sigh crossed her lips as the coolness caressed her nipples just before a pair of hands closed over them. The taller man pushed her away and quickly removed his pants, exposing a very long and thick cock. Her eyes widened then she felt a flood of juices soak her panties in anticipation of her actually having both men at once. The taller man moved to the table and sat on the edge and told her to come suck his cock. Almost in a trance, she moved over and grasped the big cock in her hand and felt it grow even more as she began stroking it. 

The shorter man hooked her panties with his fingers and pulled them down her thighs and tossed them on the floor when they were off. He immediately moved his hand up the inside of her thighs until he found her gaping cunt. 

He pushed a finger inside and began moving it all around inside of her, touching her inner walls and then slipped in another one and started fucking her with the two fingers. She had lowered her head and began licking the large head of the taller man's cock and opened her mouth as wide as she could to accommodate this intrusion. Once the head was finally inside, her body exploded and pushed against the fingers of the shorter man. Her cum rushed onto the prying fingers. Her head began bobbing up and down, trying to take all of the taller man's cock but could only get a little more than half inside her mouth. She felt something hard at the opening of her pussy and realized that the shorter man was fixing to enter her. Having two cocks inside of her only heightened her quest to suck all of the large cock into her mouth. She moaned as the cock in her pussy began moving in and out, waking every nerve in her body. With a pair of hands on her hips, she pushed back on the cock as it impaled deeply inside of her. Her mouth moved up until just the head was inside of her mouth and she began stroking the cock hard and fast. She knew that she would not be able to wait any longer for the two fountains of cum to be flowing into her body. The thrust in her pussy increased not only with force but speed as she sensed that he was fixing to cum. Her stroking paid her dividends as the cock in her mouth began shooting his hot cum into her mouth. Her knees weakened as she also felt the rush of cum deep in her craving pussy. For what seemed like ages, cum flowed extensively in her as she also began cumming all over the cock that was assaulting her pussy. Once completed, the men got dressed and let themselves out of the door with her completely filled with all the cum that she wanted. She slowly walked over and locked the door behind them. She realized that she would be off on the weekend and quickly opened the door and said, "Wait," and the men stopped. She ran over to the counter and scribbled her address down. She handed it to the shorter man and said, "I'm off this weekend." He smiled, then turned and left.

Chapt. V

For two days, at closing time she had an itch between her legs that needed taken care of. She kept looking at the door around closing time but nothing happened. She wondered if she would see her friend again. Friday came and nothing. She felt as if she wouldn't get to see him again. Saturday came and once she almost gave up hope, a knock came at the door. Her heart raced and hurried over to open the door. As she opened it, she saw her friend standing in the doorway. A broad smile came over her lips as he walked in. 

She started to close the door, thinking he was by himself and he stopped her. "I have some friends that came with me, I hope you don't mind," he says. A second man appeared then a third followed by a woman that was dressed in a very low cut pair of jeans and a pullover tank top that did nothing to hide her large breasts. The librarian was surprised and wondered what was going to happen.

She knew she was excited when her friend brought another man to the library the other night but now three men and a woman. Her mind was racing. She had never had any intimate contact with a woman before so she couldn't imagine what was in store for her.


Her friend introduced everyone to her. The first man that was introduced was named Bob, Roger was the tallest of the three and the woman was named Sindi. She asked her friend what his name is and he said Jim. The librarian says her name was Sarah and the ice was broken. Jim walked over behind Sarah and put his arms around her and whispered in her ear, "Don't be nervous honey, we are here for a good time and nothing else." His hands moved up to her breasts and caressed them through her shirt. Sarah's eyes closed and she leaned her head back against him as he found her nipples and pinched them. Before she opened her eyes she felt another pair of hands on her. Fingers hooked into the waistband of her shorts and she felt them slowly being lowered to the floor. She hadn't put any panties on and her trimmed bush came into view. Jim moved his hands from her breasts and moved down over her ass. Sindi moved up to her and took her face in her hands and brought their lips together. Her mind raced as she felt the soft lips against hers. Sindi's hands move down and took the hem of Sarah's shirt and lifted it over her head, exposing her full breasts. Sindi moved her kisses down her neck and to her breasts. With one hand, she pinched her nipple while her tongue bathed the librarian's other nipple.

More hands joined in caressing Sarah's body as she moaned in excitement. 

Sindi had removed her own shirt and moved closer to Sarah. Their breasts pressed together as her lips found Sarah's again. Sarah's pussy felt a tingle as Sindi's tongue explored her mouth. Sarah opened her eyes and saw that everyone was now naked. Hands kept moving over her body and her knees began to weaken. She felt fingers prying her pussy lips open and moving inside of her. Roger moved over to her and took her hand and guided it to his huge cock. She jerked her hand away momentarily because she had never held a cock that big in her life. She moved it back and tried to clasp her hand around it but it was almost too big to have her fingers circle it completely.

Jim had moved closer behind her and began kissing on Sarah's neck while his hands moved up and down her curvy body. He pressed himself tightly against her back and she felt his cock sliding across the cheeks of her ass.

Sindi moved from Sarah's breasts and started kissing her way down her stomach. Sarah held on to Sindi's head as the kissing continued downward to her waiting pussy. She had never felt a woman's kiss, much less on her private parts but this was exciting her. She pushed Sindi's head lower and spread her legs more until Sindi's mouth was level with her pussy. In one anxious moment, she pulled Sindi's head against her mound and she felt a soft tongue on her clit. Excitement rushed all through her body. The men were now stroking their own cocks while watching the rapture on Sarah's face. Jim was holding her up against his body as his fingers were pinching and pulling on her nipples.

All Sarah could do was hold on because her body was turning to mush. She hunched her hips against Sindi's prying tongue until waves of orgasms wracked her body. She had never felt anything like it. This woman was eating her steamy pussy.

Sarah finally gained her composure but her urges grew to be fulfilled for the first time in her life. She had three wonderful cocks and she wanted all of them. She needed all of them.

Chapter VI

Sarah moved towards her bedroom and turned when she got to the door and says, "You coming or not." They all smiled and moved with her. She sat on the edge of the bed with Bob walked up to her and took his cock in her hand and pulled him closer and took him inside of her mouth. She licked the ridges of his cock and stroked him at the same time. Jim lay down beside her and Sindi bent over from the waist and sucked him deeply into her mouth. They both were sucking the cocks with great abandon. Roger moved in behind Sindi and ran his hand up the inside of her thigh until he found her pussy. He worked his finger through her folds and massaged her clit. Sarah pulled her mouth away from Bob and lay back on the bed with her legs wide open. Her hands moved to her pussy and she inserts a finger inside. "I want your fuck, Bob," she says with a look of wildness about her. Bob moves up between her legs and guides his cock towards her hot hole.

Sindi raises her head and climbs on top of Jim and takes his cock and guides it to her pussy. She lowered herself down on it as Jim lifts his hips. Roger moves from behind her and lays down with his cock even with Sarah's head. She fucks Bob and reaches over and takes Roger's cock and moves it to her mouth. She wondered if she could take him in her mouth because the size of his head seemed to be the size of a tennis ball. She licked the head and tried to take the head in her mouth. Bob continued fucking her as her hips thrust against him. She needed more dick but that would have to wait. She wanted Roger's dick in her pussy but she knew she wasn't ready for that.

Sindi was bobbing up and down on Jim's cock as he pinched her nipples. Her breasts were shaking each time she bounced on his cock. She reached around her and ran her hand to Jim's balls and begins massaging them. Her fingers were trying to stuff them in her pussy as the fire burned within her loins. 

Jim's cock began throbbing signaling his impending orgasm. Sindi fucked harder and started using her muscles to squeeze the cum out of him. He arched his back and thrust deeper inside of her and exploded. His cum bathed her cervix as she held him tightly.

The size of Roger's cock and the one in her pussy sends Sarah over the edge. She lunges with her hips and her juices started flowing as her pussy clutched Bob's throbbing cock. Sindi moved off of Jim and sat back against a pillow with her legs open and her fingers moved inside of her wet pussy. 

Jim's cum along with her own juices bathed her fingers well. Bob finished his orgasm and pulled out of Sarah. She lays there as Roger takes his cock out of her mouth and she breaths heavily until she gets her second wind.

Sarah, seeing Sindi fingering herself excited her and she moved over on her hands and knees and buries her face in the cum soaked pussy of Sindi. She never had tasted a woman's pussy and to have one full of cum was exciting to her. She licked over her clit and tasted her silky walls. Sindi reached over and took hold of Rogers big cock and pulled him closer to her. Her tongue bathed his huge head and she opened wider to take him in. Jim moved in behind Sarah and spread her ass cheeks and moved his tongue between them and circled her tight hole with his tongue. He moved lower and entered her with his tongue.

Sindi signaled Bob to come closer and her hand circled his cock and she began stroking it while she was sucking on the head of Roger's cock. She moved her head away and turned towards Bob and in a vacuum like move, she sucked

him into her mouth as her hand continues to stroke him. Sarah could hear the sucking noises and raised her head only to see Sindi alternating with each cock. She looked around and tells Jim, "Fuck me Jim, I need a cock in my pussy."

Jim slid his cock in her wet pussy and began fucking her from the rear. 

She went back to Sindi's pussy and fucked her with her tongue. Sindi sucked each cock while her pussy was being taken care of. For the first time, Sarah fell right into the rhythm of sucking pussy while she was being fucked from behind. She was loving every minute of it but wanted more. Jim stopped pumping his cock in and out of her and she felt his head working against the tight hole of her ass. She started to protest but wanted to try it. He pushed slowly against her ass until his head started moving inside. 

Slowly, he pressed further until he popped through her muscle ring. She whimpers a little with the new hurt but it subsided shortly and she started pushing her ass back to take him inside more. She continues to suck on Sindi's clit while Sindi was bringing the two other men to an orgasm with her mouth.

Roger was the first one to cum. Sindi opened her mouth as his cum flew on her face. She pulled him closer and covered his head with her mouth as he continued cumming. Before she could turn her face towards Bob, he lets out a stream of cum that hits her in her hair. She quickly turned her head to catch some of his cum and she sucked him until he finished. Sindi's orgasm exploded in Sarah's mouth. Sarah licked and licked to gather all of Sindi's juices. Jim lets out a grunt as he jams his cock deep in Sarah's ass and fills her with more hot cum. Sindi reaches for Sarah's head and lifts it and kisses her. Sarah began licking the cum off of Sindi's face until all of the bodies drop and lay in each others arms as they try to gain their composure.
