 My train pulled smoothly out of St Pancras dead on time. I had bought a big, fat paperback at the station, for the journey. But I did not even open it. It was a glorious day and I was intrigued by the scenery speeding silently past my window. The change of trains, at Lille, went without a hitch. The long journey seemed to pass in no time and suddenly I was standing on the platform, suitcase in hand, ready for my adventure. There were a few other debarkees, they all seemed to be in a hurry and knew where they were going, so I hung back to let them go. When I emerged from the station there was just the one taxi. I only needed one, it was not so much the taxi as the driver that concerned me. He was leaning against the side of a white Citroën smoking a cigarette. He was dark skinned, Algerian perhaps. He turned to me and smiled, more of a leer really, revealing an uneven row of yellow teeth, he looked to me like a pirate. I showed him the address that Angus had written down for me, the pirate's leer seemed to intensify. I discovered much later that what went on at Villa Cigale was no secret, the pirate knew that I was going there for a good fucking. But he was perfectly polite. He told me what the trip would cost and waited for my agreement before taking my suitcase and placing it in the boot, then held the door for me as I climbed in. He attempted conversation to begin with, but very soon my limited French ran out and so did the conversation. We headed east out of town, along the coast. After a few kilometres, we turned right and up a wooded hill, stopping at a high metal gate set back from the road. The driver rolled down the window and pressed an illuminated red button on the gatepost. After a few seconds a female voice said;

"Oui?"

The word was delivered like a whiplash, it sounded more like;

'Whe?'

"Taxi Madame," replied the driver.

The voice asked, in English, for the name of his passenger. I leaned forward and spoke my name clearly. There was a buzz, the light in the button turned to green and the gates began to roll open.

The hostess was waiting at the door when we drew up outside the house. The driver smartly jumped out and opened the door for me.

"I'm Amelia," said the hostess.

We shook hands and air-kissed on both cheeks. The driver had recovered my luggage, I paid the fare and thanked him. We entered the house as he drove away.

Inside the house, Amelia asked if I had had a good trip, did I need the bathroom, was I tired, would I like a cup of tea? Yes, the trip was fine, no I did not need the loo, no I was not tired and yes, I could murder a cup of tea. Tea was the last thing I expected here in darkest France. Amelia told me to leave my luggage in the hall, and led me into a huge sitting room, one side of which was all glass, through which could be seen a large patio with illuminated swimming pool, the lights of the town twinkled away to the right. There were five people in the room, they all stood to be introduced, more handshakes and air-kisses. I was ushered to a seat, Amelia left to make the tea while we made small-talk.

The five comprised two stunningly beautiful young women, two equally beautiful, to my eyes, young men and an older slightly scruffy man, in his forties I guessed, with greying hair tied back in a ponytail. Amelia returned with the tea, Ponytail accepted the offer, but the others declined, stood and said goodnight. I had not realised it, but it was about ten-thirty.

Ponytail said something in French that I did not catch. The others laughed, but one of the girls pulled out her tongue at him in a most lewd way. When they others had gone, Amelia explained that they were couples, actors. I would be seeing more of them tomorrow. Ponytail quipped that they had gone to rehearse.

"Steve, (Ponytail,) is our artist, our photographer," explained Amelia, "he lists his interests as food, photography and fucking."

"Not necessarily in that order, " added Steve.

"He can usually be found with his camera, a knife and fork, or his cock in his hand," countered Amelia.

Small-talk filled the time that it took to drink the tea, then Steve too, announced that he was 'turning in'. When he was gone, Amelia explained that there were four bedrooms in the villa, all in use, so would I mind bunking in with her? That was alright with me. Amelia led the way. The room had one large double bed. Amelia used the bathroom while I unpacked, then it was my turn. I had brought a shorty nightie. Normally I like to sleep in the nude, but not knowing the etiquette here, I put the nightie on and went back into the bedroom. Amelia was in bed, sitting up. A sheet covered her lower half, otherwise she was naked. She had large, firm breasts with big dark nipples. She flicked back the sheet and said;

"We can just sleep if you are tired from the journey."

So, the next part of my interview was to be Sapphic.

I peeled off the nightie and joined Amelia on the bed, laying alongside her, not sure whether to take the lead. Amelia leaned down and kissed me on the mouth, a gentle, testing kiss. Then she moved further down and took a nipple into her mouth, sucking it and swirling her tongue around it before moving on to repeat the procedure with its twin. Little pleasure shocks ran through me, it was a long time since I had had sex with a woman.

Amelia then lay back and slid down the bed, raising her eyebrows in questioning invitation. I moved above her and kissed her on the mouth, pushing my tongue inside to mesh with hers and at the same time caressing one fine breast. I felt the nipple swell to my touch. I bent down, took the stiff teat into my mouth and suckled it. Amelia groaned in pleasure. I repeated the treatment on the other tit, then kissed my way down her body to her centre. She opened her legs wide as my mouth approached, her hairless outer lips parted to reveal the moist, dark pink treasures inside.

I kissed her mound and used my fingers to further spread her sex. It was a long time since I had had sex with a woman. I had forgotten what aroused cunt smelled like. Amelia's scent was stronger than that of my only other female conquest, and was blended with a subtle, no doubt expensive, perfume. I opened my mouth wide and enclosed her entire gape. I may have forgotten the smell of cunt, but not the taste. I tasted my own quite frequently, on the lips, fingers or penis of my male lovers, and when I was feeling very horny, on my own fingers after masturbation. It's a taste that I like. I feasted on the succulent flesh of this beautiful woman, drinking down her juice and feeling my own flow in response. She climaxed suddenly, without warning and without a sound. I could feel the spasms racking her body.

I sat up from her, licking my lips and wiping my wet face with the back of my hand.

"Nice." She sighed. "Do you want some?"

Did I?

I rolled onto my back and held out my arms. Amelia lay on top of me, her firm but soft body moulding itself to mine, her mouth seeking mine in a searching kiss. I wanted the kiss to last forever, but there were other parts of me equally in need of her mouth. She slowly worked her way down my body, kissing and licking anything she found kissable. She teased my nipples with lips, tongue and teeth until I was squealing with pleasure. Then she was at the prime target. She rubbed her nose in the sparse red hair of my pubic bush, then suddenly dived beneath it to capture my sex lips between her mouth lips.

She repeated everything that I had done to her cunt with my tongue and lips, taking me to the very brink of orgasm and keeping me balanced there, then her tongue dipped lower to lave my perineum before pushing past the puckered valve of my anus and into my rectum. How I squirmed. I have had my arse rimmed before, and it's good, but such treatment usually heralded a demand that something much bigger and harder should be allowed to follow.

This meant that the experience was spoiled, because I had always failed when a cock had tried to enter me in that way, but Amelia did not have a cock, I could enjoy her tongue without worrying about what came next. She moved her lips back to the other hole before finally sucking my clitoris into her mouth and strumming it with her tongue. I teetered on the edge of the plateau to begin the long exquisite slide through orgasm. As I did so, something cold and hard pressed against my now slack, wet anus, and popped inside before the valve could close to deny entry. I toppled into one of my most powerful orgasms ever.

When the stars cleared from my eyes, Amelia was smiling down at me.

"Good?" She said. No answer was needed.

"What did you use on me?" I asked.

She held up a shiny metal object about four inches long and half an inch in diameter, halfway along it was a flange about two inches in diameter. A double ended anal dildo, the flange was to prevent it disappearing up the hole it was pleasuring, the unsheathed end was a handle.

"Angus thought that there might be a problem in that area," explained Amelia, raising her eyebrows again, turning the statement into a question.

It was time to come clean. I explained my 'problem in that area' adding that I was willing to try, but my body seemed un-cooperative.

Amelia showed her hard-edged side for the first time;

"Try," she almost snarled, "does not cut it. If you can't or won't do anal, you might as well get the first train back tomorrow. Angus thought that you showed potential, and I am inclined to agree, but the people who fund our activities expect to see arse fucking."

She then switched back to a gentler mode;

"You can do it, anybody can. We can work on your fears, overcome them. You might get to like it. There are women in this business who specialise in taking two at a time in that hole, and another in the front for value."

"I place myself in your hands." I replied.

I really did want to overcome my block, it was now or never.

"Steve is probably the best choice for the first time," suggested Amelia, "he is gentle and patient. He is also, how can I say this? - More at home behind the camera that in front of it."

She raised her eyebrows. I nodded. She picked up the bedside 'phone and pressed a key. After a few seconds she said;

"Would you like to join us?" And replaced the 'phone.

Almost immediately there was a tap on the door and Steve walked in. He was bollock naked. He was slightly built and very hairy. His cock was half-hard. He knelt on the bed alongside me, his cock inches from my face. Amelia had been right, it was certainly not porno material. Although not fully erect, I could see that he had not been first in line when they were handed out, a reasonable length, but quite thin. The perfect tool for what Amelia had planned.

Steve pushed his offering towards me, saying;

"Lady, I pledge thee my sword."

His sword was just at the right height. I leaned forward and sucked it into my mouth and enjoyed the feeling as it swelled to fill the space. After a few minutes in my mouth, it felt as hard as my vibrator. Small it may be, but it was extremely hard. I released him and said;

"Let's do it."

I moved onto all-fours, on my elbows, presenting my posterior. I felt Steve move behind me. I expected them to lube me up and get on with it, but instead, Steve pushed his tongue into my cunt and drew it upwards, across my perineum and then push into my bum-hole. I shuddered in anticipation, this time the tongue would be replaced by a larger offering. He used plenty of gel, working it into the hole, then I felt the blunt tip of his cock press against the tight pucker.

"Relax," Amelia advised.

I relaxed, Steve pushed forward and his tip popped inside. I gave a little yell, more of surprise than pain, it had been so easy. Steve held still with just his knob inside me, as I tried to adjust to the intrusion. He asked if I was okay, I nodded, he pushed again. Very slowly his organ slipped into me. It was uncomfortable, but not painful. I could feel his hips against my buttocks, he was all the way in. Steve withdrew slightly, then pushed back again, very gently. He repeated this move until he was pumping steadily into my tightly stretched arse. I had done it, I was being buggered and it didn't hurt!

Steve fucked into my arse for several minutes, changing speed and angle of approach, varying his thrusts from long and slow to short and fast, breaking me in. The effectiveness of the lubricant began to reduce, the smoothness became dry. Steve sensed my discomfort and withdrew his cock.

"Turn over," he ordered, "onto your back."

I did as bid. Steve raised my legs, holding the back of my knees, until I was stretched wide open again. Amelia applied more gel to my hole and then guided Steve's cock back inside me, this time entering without resistance from my newly tamed sphincter. Again he fucked until the lube dried, again he withdrew. They rolled me onto my side, applied yet more lube and Steve easily entered me again. Amelia told me to open my legs wide, saying;

"Imagine a camera taking a close-up of him fucking you, you need to allow the camera unobstructed view."

Not only was I being anally de-flowered, I was receiving direction in how to please the camera. I was positioned on my other side for a 'different angle', then told to impale myself on Steve's prong as he lay on his back with Amelia holding him upright, first facing his feet, then turned round to face him. All of these positions being; 'Good for the camera.' Eventually Steve announced that he was;

"About to lose it."

"Let it go then," said Amelia, "I think we've achieved what we intended."

For the first time, I spoke up;

"No," I said, "not like this, let me lie on my back when you come."

We squirmed round and Steve plugged into my now receptive arse-hole. This time he fucked like he meant it. I reached down and paddled my fingers in my cunt, wet with my own juices and the surplus buggery-lube. As Steve fucked, I strummed my clit. As he grunted his release and shot his cum up my hole, I brought myself to orgasm.

Steve pulled his limp member out, I could feel his spunk trickle out as he withdrew. Amelia leaned over and kissed me on the mouth.

"Good girl," she said, "top of the class."

Steve padded naked back to his own room, his job done. Amelia cuddled up behind me and wrapped me in her arms. I fell asleep with her firm tits pressing reassuringly into my back.

I woke up with a start. I was alone on the big bed. Sunlight streamed in through open windows. I stretched and got out of bed. The open windows led to a small balcony overlooking a large patio with a circular swimming pool, to the right were lawns, one laid out as a volley-ball court. Beyond it, the coast stretched to what I assumed was the headland of St Tropez. To the left was more coast, and ahead was the unbelievable blue of the Med, reaching to a hazy horizon. In all directions, the tops of Corsican Pines punctuated the view. Voices, and the agonising smell of fresh coffee, drifted up from below, from under a canopy that prevented a view directly beneath.

I showered quickly, using soapy fingers to examine my plundered arsehole. It was tender, but not sore. I smiled to myself, I was now a fully-qualified three-hole-doll. I put on my newly acquired swim-suit and 'Kaf-Kim', or should it be 'Kim-Kaf'? Strappy high-heeled sandals, my wide-brimmed sun-hat and large sunglasses completed my outfit. I was ready for my close-up.

The group was seated at a large table, shielded from the sun by the canopy, but open to the patio and swimming pool. They all greeted me. Amelia rang a bell and asked if I had slept well and how did I feel. Yes, and I felt fine. Was I ready for more? Oh yes. A dark skinned elderly woman appeared with fresh coffee and croissants, I ate heartily. The two couples excused themselves and went to the volley-ball court. The girls wore just bikini bottoms and the men, swimming shorts. Amelia wore a pretty sun-dress and Steve, his uniform of jeans and tee-shirt. The others started to play, Steve picked up a monster camera and went off to snap them.

"I forgot to ask last night," said Amelia, "did my husband fuck you?"

In a repeat of the cup rattling incident in London, I rattled again. They had a habit of catching me unaware. I answered in the negative, no, he had not. She pressed me for more details of my interview/audition, I told her about my encounter with Trevor, the one in the office, our extra-curricular fuck the next day was my business.

Amelia continued;

"Angus always used to do his own wet-work, I'm not sure why he no longer does, I think perhaps that he has gone over to the dark side."

"The dark side?"

"I think that he may prefer boys these days."

"But, don't you..?"

"Fuck? Not for years. Our relationship these days is strictly business."

I mused on this for a few seconds, then;

"He definitely had an erection as he watched me perform on Trevor."

"That could just as easily been for Trevor, don't you think?"

The volley-ball seemed to be over, it was too hot anyway. Steve rejoined us at the table. One couple went to lie on loungers at the edge of the pool to our right. The other couple entered the pool and swam a couple of lengths, then got out at the side of the pool to the left from the house, where there was a spring-board. Jean-Luc removed his shorts and lay on spring-board, Emma knelt beside him and began to suck his cock. It occurred to me that, when they went off to bed last night, they were each with the other partner. I voiced my thoughts. Steve laughed;

"These weekends tend to be pick-and-mix," he said.

Amelia explained further;

"The villa is open to all at weekends, you are here for a screen test and to see if you fit, but for the others it's 'R & R'. On set, they fuck according to the script, here, they can fuck who they want, when they want. Go and join them if you like, they won't object, it's what you are here for."

I pondered this for a few seconds. Wow! Professional cock! On demand!

I removed my hat, shoes and wrap and walked down the steps of the pool. I swam a couple of laps of the pool, using a gentle breast-stroke, not wanting to get my hair wet, and pulled myself up to sit beside the diving board. Emma was sucking on Jean-Luc's large cock with obvious delight, Jean-Luc just lay back with his hands behind his head, enjoying the process. Emma let the saliva-slicked organ slip from her mouth, and offered it to me. I opened my mouth wide to engulf my first ever pro-cock. It was a good mouthful, but not a monster. Where were the foot long dongs that we are led to believe abound in porn-land? Perhaps they would come later, if you'll pardon the pun.

But Jean-Luc's tool was more than adequate, and for now at least, it was mine to play with. I licked and sucked it as I chose, not neglecting his balls, each of which I tongue bathed in turn, before rubbing my stiff tongue over his perineum and rimming his arse. Emma watched with a professional eye and seemed to approve. She undid the halter of my swimsuit and peeled it down to my waist, then fondled my dangling tits. Soon tiring of this, she removed the damp suit completely, knelt behind me and began to tongue my cunt and arsehole. This was bliss, a mouth full of cock and a cunt full of tongue. I released Jean-Luc's cock and groaned in pleasure. Emma took the stiff tool in her hand and held it pointing at the sky;

"Sit on it," she ordered.

It was not exactly a chore. I straddled Jean-Luc's body and lowered myself onto the offered stalk, impaling myself. Jean-Luc put his arms around me and drew me down to lie on him, seeking my mouth with his as he began to thrust up into me. Emma resumed her position behind me and carried on licking, this time alternating between the shaft of Jean-Luc's cock as it emerged, wet with my juice, the stretched lips of my cunt, and the rosebud of my anus. I could feel an orgasm building, was I allowed to come? Was it un-professional? I had no choice, Emma pushed her stiffened tongue hard inside my newly reamed rear and I came like an express train.
