 The weather was back to normal the next morning, and I was awake and up early, down for breakfast with the company. I wore my wrap over just bikini bottoms, the other girls were also topless. This was the south of France! After breakfast I decided to explore the grounds, I had only seen the pool side of the house, it had been dark when I had arrived at the other side . As I explored, a moped came up the drive. Amelia appeared at the front door to greet our new guest, Sébastien, 'Seb'. Shorts, Tee-shirt and a helmet was his garb. He was led round to the poolside where everyone was introduced. Amelia took him aside and spoke with him at length in French. Seb nodded repeatedly, but his attention was on the fine collection of tit displayed around the pool.

At last he was given his freedom. He peeled of his tee-shirt, closely followed by his shorts and dived into the pool. In the few seconds that he was naked and on display, it seemed that he was quite beautiful. When he hoisted himself out of the pool and stood dripping at the edge, we had confirmation. He was like Michelangelo's David, but where David disappoints in the appendage department, Seb certainly did not. A large and beautiful prick drooped, dripping, from a thicket of blonde hair, blonde to match his curly mop of head hair. The girls lowered their sunglasses for a clearer look. We all wanted him. No doubt before long, we would all have him.

He dried himself and walked over to where I was standing, next to Steve. His saunter suggested an arrogance that I thought might not go down well in this relaxed company. He spoke, in fractured English;

"Hey Babee, you and me we fuck, yes?"

It was what we were here for and he was dishy. I nodded. He spun me round and bent me forward, lifted up my wrap and pulled my knickers to just under my bum, just uncovering the bit that he was after. He pushed into me dry, I was unprepared for his size, and it hurt. He ignored my protests, held onto my hips and fucked as though he had a train to catch. It was over in seconds, and he came inside me. I was pretty sure, I can usually tell, but surely Amelia would have told him to save it? He was walking away when a trickle of cum ran out of me and down my leg as I straightened up. Amelia was some still back at the house, had she seen? I cast a bewildered look at Steve, he must have seen, a photographer's eye misses little. I opened my mouth to speak, but Steve shook his head. I caught his meaning immediately; least said, etc. I kept quiet about it.

There was a disturbance as the others arrived, all together. The rookie by taxi and the rest in the same car. The rookie, Mo was black, very black. Of African origin, he was naturalised French and was in the French Navy, stationed at nearby Toulon. He was quite short and stocky, a boxer or a weight lifter? Weight lifter probably, he had none of the facial scarring of a boxer.

Lucia and Carlo were, it sounds cruel to say it, porn-film clones. He, good looking and athletic, she voluptuous and beautiful. Max was, I would guess, late forties, in good shape, very easy-going. Anna was striking. Not my idea of beautiful, but tall, pneumatic, very blonde. Her curves spilled out of the clothes she was wearing She was older than the other women, if she was still in the business, she must have had special talents.

Steve was smitten by her. Since my arrival, Steve had followed me everywhere with a camera, either still or movie. He had probably been tasked with doing so, but he had been my shadow. Now Anna became the focus of his attention, but not his cameras, he seemed to lust after her. They slipped away together soon after her arrival, only re-appearing when lunch was announced. While they were absent, Amelia told me about Anna. She was from Prague, had been in the business about ten years. She was a big star in her younger days, but now had to pander to the more extreme end of the market. She was one of the women Amelia had told me about earlier, who could take two cocks at a time in the same hole, either cunt or arse. She would also do double fisting, bondage and water sports. Was this what the future held for me? I might get to like it, but at that moment, I decided to make sure that I had a good pension fund.

During lunch, Seb displayed the most appalling table manners, but that was not why he had been recruited, so it was tolerated. After lunch Amelia decided that Mo would be the first to be 'screen tested'. Steve said that the sun was too strong for shooting outside, "Far too contrasty," so he, Amelia, Mo and Emma, who had been chosen as his partner, went off somewhere inside. About forty-five minutes later, Emma re-appeared, uttering just one word;

"Wow!"

She would not say any more, other than to wait for the 'rushes'.

Seb was next up, with Nicole as his leading lady. She emerged after only about twenty minutes. The others looked up in surprise, Nicole drew her finger across her throat and said:

"He came inside me!"

There were murmurs of disapproval, this was just not acceptable. Amelia re-joined us about ten minutes later, her face was black as thunder, she was not pleased.

"He thinks he is just here for the sex, he will not take direction, he is just not suitable."

I asked if he would be sent away, but Amelia said that that would infringe her rules of hospitality. He could stay for now, but he would not be returning.

"He was Angus' discovery," she explained, "Angus found him on a building site in the village and thought that he might be suitable."

She grinned at Emma and said;

"Mo was my find, what do you think?"

Emma just smiled back, still giving nothing away.

The rest of the afternoon was spent at leisure. Carlo asked me if I would join him and Lucia for some fun. Played out in full view of the company, the fun involved me having sex with both of them. After much three-way fondling and sucking, the climax was Lucia and me 'sixty-nining', with me on top, while Carlo fucked me from behind. This compensated for my unsatisfactory encounter with Seb, I came powerfully as Lucia strummed my clit and Carlo shot his cum inside me.

I was dozing in the shade when I saw Seb saunter over to the sleeping form of Nicole, stand over her and begin to pee on her! Nicole awoke to find his yellow stream falling on her naked body. She leapt up, and berated Seb with what I assume was a stream of French insults. Amelia, who had been sleeping in the chair beside me, took several seconds to grasp what was happening. I was horrified.

"If he ever does that to me, I'll cut his balls off." I spat.

"No," contradicted Amelia, "I claim that pleasure."

Seb was gone within minutes, frog-marched away by Mark and Jean-Luc. The male half of Amelia's faithful retainer couple was summoned, he removed the mattress that Niclole had been lying on and used a hosepipe to remove the pee from the poolside. The incident cast a shadow an otherwise enjoyable day, the sex-fun stopped, even conversation seemed awkward. People either dozed in the sun or read as they sunbathed. Eventually Steve tried to distract us by inviting us to see Mo's test, Seb's had already been deleted. The heat was beginning to go out of the sun, it was a good way to unite the group, otherwise dinner would have been rather flat.

There was not much in the way of a script; Mo appeared naked to us all for the first time, his cock already erected. It was a good size, nicely proportioned. Underneath hung a heavy pair of balls which drew admiration from the appreciative audience. Nicole sucked his cock with enthusiasm, the dark skin of it in stark contrast with her much paler colouring. Next she trapped it between her tits and he thrust there for a while. Then came the fucking. They were filmed in several positions, chosen to show his thick shaft pumping in and out of Nicole's distended cunt.

It was the cum-shot that most impressed however. Nicole positioned herself flat on her back with her head over the end of the single bed, which had been positioned in the centre of the room to allow all-round camera access. Mo knelt at the end of the bed and fed his length into Nicole's mouth. Her position allowed Mo's cock to enter deep into her throat. We marvelled at this display of sword-swallowing. Mo supported her head in both hands as he appeared to fuck her brightly lipsticked mouth, his black meat sliding up to his balls into this surrogate cunt, shining with saliva as it withdrew. At last he withdrew it completely and moved forward so that his large balls dangled on Nicole's chin. The camera moved behind him for a close-up of Nicole's pink tongue rimming his arse, then away for a side-shot as Mo wanked himself vigorously over Nicole's offered body. When he came he spurted a prodigious amount of thick, very white spunk over her entire body. The spurts even reached her feet and beyond in a display of cum-shooting that even surprised the company of hardened professionals. This was the 'Wow', that Nicole had hinted at. As Mo stepped away, her body looked to be coated in icing sugar. If Mo could produce this amount of man-juice every time, his future in the business was assured.

Dinner would be al fresco, taken under the canopy, but in the open. I would need something a bit warmer than a bikini bottom. As I changed, Amelia came into the room and told me that she had decided to take Mo to her bed that night. Anna would spend the night with Steve, so would I mind sleeping at Max's flat that night? There was a spare room there. What could I do? She was very much in charge. I packed my bag.

Max's flat was in a small modern complex in the centre of the village. I was shown to my room and we said goodnight. There seemed to be three bedrooms. Apart from 'mine', Carlo and Lucia had a room and Max had what was presumably the master bedroom. I sat on the bed and considered my options. Angus had told me about the investors in the company and how their rewards were not just financial. Fringe benefits included access to the actors. Was I one of those yet? Certainly Max was an investor. He had not made any move on me, nor had I seen him engaged in any kind of sex with any of the others. I at least should offer myself. Instead of my usual pre-sleep routine, I showered and renewed my make up. I put on a negligee that I had brought with me, but had not so far worn, and left my room to tap on Max's door.

"Come," his voice boomed from inside.

I entered the room. Max was sitting up in bed watching the French twenty-four hour rolling news channel. He turned it off using the remote, but said nothing. I let the negligee slip off and to the floor, standing naked just inside the door. Max held out his arms.

Seconds later I was in those strong arms being kissed in a way that thrilled me to the core. I had been kissed by Amelia as part of our encounters, and by Steve before our private fuck, but this kissing was as though we had been together a long time, real lovers kisses. Kissing is very special, sex was one thing, kissing quite another. I had been fucked in back alleys behind nightclubs without being kissed by the cock-bearer. Kisses mean that you are serious.

Max at last rolled away having drunk his fill if my lips. He reached out to rub an erect nipple with his fingertip. I reached down and wrapped my small hand around the shaft of his straining erection. We both watched as I gently pulled the skin down the shaft and the shining tip emerged from its cover. I leaned over and took just the tip between my lips, causing him to gasp, then took his length into my throat before returning to begin sucking. Max had one hand on me caressing gently, but my own sex parts were beyond his reach. And I needed to be touched. I shuffled my rear end closer to him and was rewarded by a single finger tracing a path between my buttocks to where my rosy notch waited for his touch. He pushed just that one finger into the slick hole and I pushed myself back to enjoy the penetration.

We stayed like that for blissful minutes, him fucking my cunt with his finger and me fucking his cock with my mouth. I realised that he was content just to be sucked, there was no move to shift me into a fucking position. I would suck him off, savour that rush of earthy salty fluid that I had not enjoyed since Trevor's in Angus' office. That had been for show, this would be for pure pleasure. Max's grunts and squirms telegraphed his climax, with a roar, he fired a large volley of my favourite drink into my mouth. I gulped it down as more spurts followed, enjoying both the strength of his ejaculation and the taste as it filled my mouth. An impressive come, my suspicions had been confirmed, he could not have come before that day and fed me such a feast as well.

When I had drunk every drop and cleaned off the residue with my tongue, Max invited me to sit astride his face and to lower my cunt onto his mouth. Lovely man! I love queening. I held on to the bed head for support as his clever mouth tried to suck me inside out. His tongue probed deep as his mouth enclosed my entire sex, then released me so that tongue and lips could lick and suck my sex lips, my clitoris and my anus, all it seemed, at the same time such was my state of ecstatic confusion. Who cared, I was on the brink of a massive climax. His hands were everywhere, on my belly and tits, on my face where I tried to suck his questing fingers into my mouth, all over my back and buttocks and finally in the groove of my bum-cheeks where a finger probed into my willing arsehole as his tongue filled my cunt. I came. Oh how I came. Had he not been holding me in position, I think that I might have fallen out of the bed as my pleasure spasms racked my body. When I regained control, I slid down Max's body towards his now recovered prick and impaled myself on it, my sopping fuck-hole seeming to suck its mass easily inside. Max thrust vigorously into me, filling me with his meat. I sat upright on him allowing his hands free reign over my swollen tits and pebble-hard nipples, then I lay forward on him to kiss him as his hands roamed my back, caressing then grinding my buttocks, his fingers straying into my cunt alongside his cock then, using my copious juice a lubricant, deep into my anus. I was in paradise, this was different, this was special, this was not just fucking, this was love-making. As if to confirm my thoughts, as he shot another generous load of come into my greedy cunt, I came! I never come just with fucking, I need further clitoral stimulation. If I am being fucked from behind I can use my own fingers or ask my fucker to use his, otherwise I can't enjoy the extreme pleasure of an orgasm around a spasming cock. This was a one-off. Well, almost. Emma had brought me off by tonguing my anus as Jean-Luc drove his cock into me, but this time my climax was intensified by the knowledge that my lover had flooded me with his seed as I came.

We fell asleep in each other's arms.

The sound of the shower woke me. I slipped from the bed and tried the bathroom door, it was unlocked. I slipped quietly in, opened the shower door and stepped in to join Max. We washed each other very well. Some parts got washed several times. Some parts got bigger so needed even more washing. Max fucked me from behind standing under the stinging needles of water. Then we just had to wash each other again!

We had breakfast on the balcony of the flat, joined by Carlo and Lucia. The balcony looked out over the perfect blue of the Med. I could get used to this. We spent the morning with Max showing me the village, ending up with lunch at a tiny seafood restaurant right on the edge of the small harbour. Then we were required at the villa.

"Summoned to the presence," as Max put it.

Amelia, who had a distinctly rosy 'well-fucked' look today, told me that the formal part of the weekend was over, this afternoon was for relaxation. But. There always seemed to be a but, she would like Steve to take some stills of me in sex-positions with the male actors who I had not yet had. Mo would be required to perform similarly with the female actors not yet poked by his black cunt-stretcher. Then , as a reward, and only if I wished it, I could choose to fulfil any sexual fantasy I could dream up, however kinky or bizarre!

For me, completing my 'set' of studs, meant just Mo. I cringed when I realised that I had fucked all the other males present, professional or not! In fact I had to do Carlo again, as our coupling had been off-camera. I had to have each of their cocks in turn, in my hands, between my tits, in my mouth, in my cunt and up my arse, a hole that became more accustomed to accommodating male members every day! Mo on the other hand, had only been captured with Nicole and we had the pleasure of seeing his lovely cock being host to Emma, Lucia and Anna.

It was the first time I had seen Anna nude, she had worn a swimsuit all day yesterday. She was quite a different shape to the other girls, who could have all been made in the same mould, including me. She was pneumatic. Massive, obviously enhanced tits and buttocks. She seemed to have piercings everywhere. I had noticed the ones in her ears and one in a nostril. She also had gold rings through each nipple, her navel, and when she spread her legs for Mo to enter her, a ring through each of her droopy outer cunt-flaps and one through the clitoral hood. She must have sounded like tubular bells when she was fucking! Obviously men, Steve included, found this attractive. It was certainly different.

When Amelia made her 'fantasy' offer, I thought that I might decline, but the sight of all that naked flesh had made me feel horny again. And yes, there was something that occurred repeatedly in my daydreams. I told Amelia about it.

"Excellent!" She exclaimed. "I will film it."

I was committed now. Amelia briefed the men, all six of them, to murmurs of approval. I stripped off my only garment, bikini pants, and lay on the tiles alongside the pool. The men, also naked, formed a circle around my supine body. There was about a two foot space between the men, to allow the girls and the camera to see the action. Amelia turned on the camera and actually called;

"Action!"

The six men, already erect, started to wank themselves. After only a few seconds, I could not resist joining them and allowed my fingers to find my oily, bristling clitoris. It had been agreed that the men should try to synchronise, to try to delay if they felt their ejaculation coming. They seemed to get it about right, the first to come gave a little cry and within seconds of each other, six generous loads of spunk spattered down onto my writhing, frantically masturbating naked body. A cum shower!

"Awesome," declared Amelia, "we should incorporate it into a film. It will certainly go on your C.V."

And so my big adventure, my life changing trip into the world of porn, fizzled out. Well. Not quite. There was another night of ecstatic love making with Max and the next day, instead of returning home by train as arranged, Max drove me to Lille, taking two days over the journey. We stayed two nights in luxurious hotels and he fucked me every which way and in every hole, with me coming repeatedly just with his skilful fucking. I wanted it never to end, but I was dropped off at Lille with a promise that he would be in touch.

What next???