 It was ten o'clock on a Friday night when Alyssa Rhodes returned from the library to the college dorm room she shared with Ginny McCracken, her new roommate at State University. The two women had never even heard of each other until the student housing computer decided they had enough interests and goals in common that they would be compatible, and had declared they would share Room 42 in the brand new dormitory that still smelled of fresh paint. Neither of the young women knew what those interests or goals were supposed to be, and they both had a few doubts about the workings of the computer, but decided to make the most of the situation. 

Alyssa had just started her first year, was just 18 years old, and had been a proverbial grind in high school. Hard work and long study hours had been necessary for her to win the scholarship she needed, but she had succeeded, and was majoring in Journalism. She was quite pretty but, although not a virgin, she had little time for boys until her senior year, and not much even then. As a student at the university, she had to meet the standards of the scholarship, so she had reverted to being a grind, and her sex life had been nonexistent since starting classes.

Ginny was also a frosh, and had worked and studied just enough to pass her classes with barely adequate grades, hadn't yet declared her major and very likely never would. Because of her parents' wealth and her father's status as an alumnus, she had been accepted, with misgivings, by the university. One of the reasons she had so little time for her studies in high school was that she was too occupied with numerous boyfriends and girlfriends in beds or car seats or back yards, sometimes two or three at a time. She was strictly a party girl, and proud of it, and her social life changed little when she entered college, except she had a much wider choice of boys and men, and they were more mature.

When Alyssa approached the door to the shared room, she was puzzled by the presence of a towel hanging from the doorknob of Room 42. "Maybe somebody was polishing the brass and forgot the towel and left it here," she surmised, but that seemed unlikely. In any event, she had to go inside, so she unlocked the door and entered. 

She got an idea of what the towel was more likely to have meant when she saw the tangle of naked bodies on her roommate's bed. She recognized Ginny's dark auburn hair, even though it was pulled back to form a rudimentary ponytail, and she recognized her dusky skin and shapely ass. Alyssa had never seen her roommate nude before, but the designer jeans and tight hot pants she usually wore left little to the imagination. She didn't know the man, but she knew for certain it was a man, because he was lying on his back while her roommate straddled his equally bare body, and he was driving his cock in and out of her pussy, while she fucked down to meet him. 

Ginny heard the door close and, completely unabashed, turned to look at the young woman who had just entered. "Hi, Ally," she greeted her roommate. "This is Jake. Do you wanna join us?" 

Jake, a handsome man with dark brown hair leaned to the side, looked at the pretty blonde and grinned. "C'mon, Ally. Come and have some fun." 

Alyssa made sure the door was locked behind herself while she pondered the invitations. Her sex life before college had been highly enjoyable, even though quite limited, but it had been totally non-existent for the last month, and the sight of Jake's big cock plunging in and out of Ginny's pussy emphasized what she had been missing. She was caught up with her studying and other course work, and the next day was Saturday so there were no more classes for two days. That meant there was no reason for not joining the couple who were obviously having such a great time in her roommate's bed.

On the positive side, it certainly looked to be a lot of fun, and the only other option would be trying to sleep while the carousing was going on across the room. She made up her mind faster than it takes to tell about it, and started toward the amorous couple, divesting herself of her clothing as she went.

The first things to go were her shoes, which she kicked in the direction of her own bed. Her cardigan sweater went next, followed by her blouse, followed by reaching up behind her back to unhook and remove her bra, exposing a pair of small but shapely breasts with light pink nipples. To remove her sox and blue jeans, she sat on her own bed, standing up to push her panties down around her hips and ass to the floor, where she kicked them aside. As naked as either of the others, she climbed onto the bed they were sharing. 

Ginny stood up, removing her pussy from Jake's cock as she rose, and he moved aside to let the newcomer lie down. He looked at her fair, unblemished body and knew what he wanted to do first. Jake started to kiss and lick her nipples, followed by nuzzling his way down her slender body until he reached her soft pubic hair. From the lack of sex and the sight of the couple fucking and what the man's mouth was doing to her, Alyssa was already sexually aroused, and her pussy was lubricating.

He smelled the delectable aroma of her fresh juices and sought to find out if the flavor could be as delicious. He picked up a pillow and continued down over Ally's mons and leaned forward to lick some of the small drops from the insides of her thighs. To his delight, he discovered they tasted even better than they smelled, so he buried his face in the blonde's pussy and his tongue started sluicing up everything in sight. He was having a lot of fun, but Jake was well aware that the flavor and aroma are not the best parts of eating a pussy. What he most wanted to do was to caress her swollen lips and clit with his tongue and relish the texture, so he straightened up, placed his hand under Ally's knee and started lifting. 

Although not very experienced, Alyssa knew what he wanted, and she wanted the same thing. She raised that leg and Jake slipped under it and crawled around her until he was kneeling between her thighs. He lowered his head; she raised her other leg, and he ducked under both of them so they rested on his shoulders, slipped the pillow under her ass and wrapped his arms around her thighs. This put his face inches from her truly gorgeous pussy, which had been raised to the perfect height for their dining pleasure, and he gazed raptly at her and admired the beauty before getting busy with his mouth. 

Ally does not shave but, since her pubic hair is soft and sparse, there is no real need to. Her skin is creamy white and her inner lips, dark pink and already swollen with lust, were blossoming out of her shiny wet slit. At the junction of those two inner labia, where they meet to form her clit hood, that precious morsel was also engorged and was starting to push its way out from under its protection. 

Jake had already sampled the taste and scent, and had found them both to be delectable, but he wanted more than just a sample. He eagerly licked Alyssa's inner thighs, mopping up and swallowing all her juices that had spattered there and started running his tongue up her crotch to the edge of the pink hole that had produced them. Her skin was soft and smooth, and caressing her like that was an even greater joy to his sense of touch than the juices had been to his other senses. 

Alyssa's outer pussy lip was more delightful than any other part of her body had been. The skin was warm and smooth, and her pubic hair was soft and downy, and felt as good as her bare skin would have. Slowly, reveling in the texture, Jake's tongue meandered upward until he reached her Mount of Venus and kissed her. He raised his head to see what effect his ministrations were having on the young woman, and was elated to see her body writhing in pleasure, and her face was a mask of bliss, with her eyes closed and her lips slightly parted. Smiling to himself, he returned his mouth to where had started and savored all the fresh juices that had just been produced. 

Ginny was enjoying the erotic sight, but she could never be satisfied with just looking. She derives almost as much pleasure from sex with women as she does from men, and had been lusting for her pretty roommate ever since they had met on their first day on the campus. She moved quickly to the head of the bed and slid between Alyssa and the headboard, put her arms affectionately around the soft, white shoulders, cupped a soft, shapely breast in either hand and gently squeezed them. 

Alyssa was already in a high state of excitement from what Jake's tongue was doing for her, and the soft hands playing with her breasts and tweaking her nipples added to that arousal. She turned to look at the person who was so pleasantly fondling her, and Ginny took advantage of the opportunity to lean forward and kiss the other woman fully on her mouth, thrusting her tongue between the open lips. The attentions were not in the least unwanted, and Alyssa licked the underside of the guest whom she was making welcome inside her mouth. The two women ground their lips together, and the blonde's pussy started fucking up into the other mouth, that of the man, that was giving her so much pleasure. 

For Jake, one of the best parts about eating out a woman is when her pussy, especially such a delectable one as Ally's, starts jamming up into his face. He pressed his mouth even more closely against her and started thrusting his tongue between the slickness and wetness of an outer lip and the sponginess of the inner one. He continued until he reached her clit hood, where the two inner lips merge, and raised his head again to gaze raptly at the gorgeous pussy under his face. Alyssa's precious clit was so swollen with her lust it had pushed its way almost all the way out from under its protective hood, and resembled a lovely pearl. 

Ginny removed her lips and tongue from the her roommate's mouth, got to her knees beside the bed and kneeled over to start licking Alyssa's nipples. They were so firmly erect she could feel the individual ridges against her tongue, as well as the pebbly texture of her areolas. She spent no more than a few seconds on the nearest one before moving her face over to lick the other the same way. 

From the excruciating pleasure being given her by the two mouths, Ally's body was pitching and tossing on the bed, and she was moaning and whimpering her bliss. Jake and Ginny knew she had reached the apex of arousal, and it was time for him to draw her clit into her mouth and bring her to an orgasm. Pushing any of her clit hood out of the way with his tongue, he enveloped the precious morsel in his mouth and started to suck, while licking the engorged sides and top. 

"Oh! OH!" Alyssa cried out joyfully. She had experienced having her pussy eaten before, but not often, and always rather ineptly, and never to a climax, but she realized that was about to change. Her clit had been in Jake's mouth for only a few seconds when she started cumming. 

Her movements were instinctive or reflexive. Her legs straightened out, sticking up in the air, and she clamped her thighs onto Jake's head. For as long as she was cumming, she rocked back and forth and from side to side and jammed her pussy into the face of the man who was bringing about what she knew was the greatest orgasm of her young life. When she climaxed, all her muscles clenched, and she jammed her pussy up into Jake's face for an ultimate time. After her orgasm, she totally relaxed on the bed, with her legs draped over his shoulders and her arms flopping at her sides. 

Jake moved quickly, removing his mouth from around Alyssa's clit and putting his face against her thighs to use his tongue to sluice into his mouth all the nectar that had spattered and dribbled there from her pussy. When it was gone, he cleaned the fresh juices from her crotch and her pussy lips the same way, but he left what was still in her pink hole that had been their source. He knew he would start fucking her momentarily, and they would be needed to provide their natural function of lubrication. 

He hadn't been using a condom with Ginny, and he didn't want to use one with her roommate, especially since he expected the two women would be taking turns having his cock in their pussies. He was hard and ready, and he knelt back between Alyssa's legs and moved forward, with his right hand holding his shaft, aiming the head at the dripping pink hole he had just eaten. When he made contact, he rubbed the tip up and down and across to spread the lubrication he had left for that purpose. 

When Alyssa felt the cock rubbing against her pussy, she opened her eyes, grinned at Jake and reached down to spread her lips. He leaned forward and supported his weight on his left hand before thrusting forward between the blonde's index fingers. His cock wedged between the soft edges of her pussy, evoking a happy sigh from her and a grunt from Jake. 

After cumming as powerfully as she did, Alyssa was very relaxed, including her pussy, and the next stroke Jake made drove almost half his cock into her. She cooed happily and spread her thighs wider, wanting to get more of the hard cylinder buried inside her love channel. He wanted the same thing, so Jake drove his cock harder into the horny young woman, and most of its length burrowed into her pussy. 

He was in her deeply enough that he no longer needed to guide his shaft, so he let go of it and reached under Ally's legs to place his hands on her thighs and hold her in place. Her ass still rested on the pillow Jake had placed under her, so he remained kneeling and, the next time she fucked back to meet his cock, he guided her with his hands on her thighs. Alyssa cooed in bliss as their bodies came together, and her juices spattered on both their legs and bellies. 

They continued fucking like that for a few minutes, slowly and with a minimum of contact between their bodies. Ginny had returned to a position in front of the headboard, and she was fondling Alyssa's breasts while kissing her with both their mouths open, but that was still not enough for her. 

"My turn now," she announced, and she got off the bed and started to get on between the others. 

Jake liked the idea, and Ally had no serious objections, so they moved apart and Ginny replaced her roommate on the pillow, with her legs spread wide. Her pussy was dripping wet and had already been crammed full earlier so Jake had no difficulty plunging his cock into her. They began fucking the same way as he had been doing with Alyssa, and Ginny thrust her pussy back the same way. The pretty blonde sat between her and the headboard so she could fondle her roommate's breasts and they could kiss passionately and their tongues could continue to get better acquainted. 

For the next ten minutes, they continued like that, Jake driving his cock all the way into Ginny's delightful pussy, as Alyssa's tongue shared kisses with her roommate while her hands were all over the succulent globes of the woman leaning against her. She had often played with herself up there, even climaxing sometimes from fondling her nipples while she stroked her clit, but had never realized how good another woman's soft breasts could feel in her hands. She had cum once already, but Alyssa could feel another climax building, and she could feel and smell fresh juices trickling from her pussy. 

Ginny could smell the delectable aroma too, and she wanted to do something about it. Her own climax was building with every thrust into her pussy, but she wanted to cum in a certain way. 

"I want to eat Ally's pussy," she told Jake. "Let me get on my hands and knees and you can fuck me doggy style." 

Nobody had any objections to that change either, and Jake slowly withdrew his cock. Ginny got to her hands and knees, and Alyssa raised her legs and placed them on the shoulders of the other woman, who wrapped her arms around her roommate's thighs. As Jake had earlier, Ginny started by admiring the lovely pussy under her face and breathing deeply of the delectable aroma of the juices that were still dribbling out onto Ally's legs and crotch. After sluicing up all the delicious treat with her tongue, she spread the younger woman's inner lips and started licking upward on the adorable pink slit. 

Ginny's pussy was already open enough from his cock being there before, so Jake didn't need her labia to be spread for him. He placed the head of his cock between the swollen lips on either side of her love hole, rubbed it to coat the end with her natural lubrication, and gave a firm thrust forward. He felt half his hard shaft wedge into Ginny, and her well-trained internal muscles immediately started to massage it. With another push, his entire cock had found a wet, warm place where it was made welcome. 

After placing his hands on Ginny's ass cheeks, he slowly drew his cock out 'til only the head remained, paused for a second, and plunged it back in. When she felt the thick shaft surging into her, Ginny fucked back to meet it while continuing to lap at her roommate's slit. Over and over, Jake plowed his cock into her, but slowly, and she met every stroke halfway. 

Besides what was happening to her pussy, Ginny's tongue was having a great time too. The juices being produced by Ally were some of the most delicious she had ever tasted, and the lovely pink slit was one of the most alluring places her mouth had ever been. As her tongue slowly traveled up and down, her roomie's body was starting to rock from side to side, and her moans of joy were louder, which was music to Ginny's ears. 

Alyssa was not the only woman whose movements demonstrated sexual joy. Besides her pussy thrusting back to meet Jake's cock, Ginny's hips were swiveling, driving her knees into her bed, from the immense pleasure she was receiving. Her whole body was swaying too, from side to side, in rhythm with the movements of her hips she could feel herself drawing closer to an orgasm, and knew it would be a monumental one. 

Jake knew she was getting close to cumming too, and knew of a fun thing he could do to enhance her climax. He moved his hands closer together and, while continuing to drive his cock in and out of Ginny's pussy, he spread her ass cheeks and looked at her cute, dark pink rosebud. With his cock all the way inside her, he moved his left hand so her cheeks were being spread apart by the thumb and fingers and wetted the middle finger of his right hand in his mouth. Keeping his cock imbedded in her pussy, he placed the tip of that finger against the rosebud, moved it around until it made a slight penetration and drove it forward, so it slid into her all the way to his knuckle. 

With her face pressed tightly against Alyssa's pussy, nothing Ginny might have said was coherent, but the more erratic movements of her body revealed her increased joy, and Jake felt another gush of lubricating juices cover his shaft. He slowly drew his cock back, paused, and drove it all the way back into her pussy while simultaneously doing the same thing with the finger in her ass. The pitching and tossing of the auburn-haired beauty increased, and she was obviously on the verge of an orgasm. 

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" went the blissful whimpers of Alyssa as she fucked up into the face of the woman who was doing such a great job of eating her pussy. 

The talented woman's tongue was no longer licking her roommate's lips, because Ginny had clamped her mouth around Alyssa's clit and was sucking while caressing the cute love button's swollen sides and top. For almost two minutes, the pretty blonde's body bounced and rocked on the bed before she started cumming. 

"Yes! Yes!" she cried out joyously, and her thighs clamped onto Ginny's head as they had earlier on the head of Jake.

Once again, Alyssa bounced up and down on the bed, ramming her pussy against the face that was held snugly between her legs. Ginny clung tightly to Ally's thighs, kept the clit securely in her mouth and continued sucking and licking. 
