 We are together in the back of a lavish, new, black limousine, driving from a delicious dinner back to our hotel room, when traffic in the city comes to a complete halt. The night was warm so we got out of the limo to wander around and we make some small talk with the driver who stays seated in the car but with the front door open.

You are wearing a long black gown with a deep plunging neckline. The top of your gown is loose fitting which becomes flirtatious to men as you turn at your waist to allow even more of your breasts to become exposed; yet never allowing all to be seen. 

As we chat with the driver, a gust of wind comes through the canyon of the high rise buildings and blows the loose fitting top of your gown to expose one of your breasts to the driver and to me. Your nipple is suddenly peaked with an erection as the wind whisks across it. 

The driver and I look at each other and simply smile. We both silently agree between gentlemen that what we saw was a rare glimpse of such a gorgeous breast. We say nothing to one another just a smile.

You in turn smile also, not at all alarmed by the sudden wind-swept exposure of one of your breasts. All three sets of eyes make contact as if we knew what was about to happen and allowed our natural instincts to take us to whatever would lie ahead.

I lean over to you to kiss your cheek. You turn your head just in time to allow me to kiss your full lips; a deep passionate kiss it is. You reach out with one finger to the driver who is still in his seat to offer your index finger for him to suck on. He does just as you wish. He sucks on that finger as I bury my tongue deep into your throat. 

Both the driver and I reach for opposite breasts and gently massage them through the material of your gown. But no, you want more; you reach up with both hands and pulled apart the material that covers your breasts to expose both of them to the world and all who must be watching from the cars around us. 

The driver and I oblige your demand and place our hands on your breasts to your delight. You respond by looking straight up into the space of the night sky above as we caress each of your breasts.

I begin to kiss you more and extend my tongue deeper into your mouth hoping to go deeper than before. Your tongue tangles with mine as we search for each other's oral senses.

You respond to my kiss and our tit play by pulling up on your on gown allowing the hem to inch upward on your legs. As your hemline slowly exposes inches at a time up to your knees my cock begins to harden. 

Your legs are so nicely shaped and slender and covered in black stockings. Such a sight is rare indeed, bare breasts being lit by the city street lights and neon from near by restaurants and clubs and your legs being exposed to the world beside our limo.

The driver with his other free hand reaches over to your leg and touches the inside of your right knee and tries to reach up higher on your thigh. You respond by pulling your dress even higher to expose the alabaster smooth skin of your upper thigh as it is now apparent that you are wearing the most elegant of thigh high stockings tonight.

The driver reaches farther up your thigh in hopes to reach his target and discover if, and yes, you pull your dress to your waist as he fondles you and exposes that you are not wearing any panties; you proudly display your freshly shaven pussy to us both. 

I grab you and carry you over to the hood of the limo. I lay you back over the fender so that you are seated on the fender and you lie back across the hood exposing your breasts to the God's above. They lay gently as firm pillows across your chest. Your nipples are erect receiving the kisses of the wind as you lie there. 

I pull your gown back up to your waist; I want to see your shaved pussy in its full glory for myself. I bury my face deep inside, taking in your sweet scent at first and then the ever so sweet taste of your juices. I hear car doors around us opening and then closing. One is the car door of our limo as the driver gets out of his seat to stand by us.

I look around and there are several men standing and watching intently as I again bury my face deep between your thighs. The softness of your thighs on both sides of my head is dreamlike. The taste of your juice and the feel of your shaven lips are too much to handle. My mind wanders while I drink in your passion and taste you for the first time. This must be a dream.

The crowd around us is getting larger. Two men walk over to the limo and, as if written in a script, begin to fondle each of your breasts. Your response is to reach down and unzip them each and pull their cocks out of their pants so that you can yank on their cocks. These men now begin to suck each nipple while I continue to eat your pussy and drink its delicious juice; and you have a tight grip on a cock in each hand.

Seeing this other men in the crowd unzip and pull down their pants to masturbate at the lustful sight that is before them. Women now appear and remove the hands of the owners of these cocks and begin to please each one personally with the deepest of deep throat action. Within minutes some of the men take the woman giving them oral pleasure and lay them on the street or across the hood of their cars and eat them as well. 

What a sight, you across the fender of our limo, me eating you, two men you never met sucking and fondling your breasts, you pumping their cocks, men and ladies all around us lustfully devouring each other, all exposed to whoever was watching from the buildings above and surrounding cars.

I can not take any more; - you are about to reach an orgasm and I drop my pants and ram my cock into your very wet and waiting pussy. I ram it hard. You look at me and whisper, - "harder, harder!". I oblige and with all my might I thrust my cock deep inside of you. 

The men sucking your nipples began to lightly nibble on them, this does it for you. A spasm drenches you from head to toe as I ram deep inside of you. The sights, the sounds, the smells, the overall sense of what is happening to you and me and what surrounds us in lust is too much for me.

I let out a scream as my cum shoots through my cock and fills you with my warm sperm. You scream as you reach your peak in waves of spasms. Moans and screams of sexual satisfaction can be heard all around us as we all heave a final time to release our cum into the mouths or pussy openings of the women we share for this moment in time.

I pull out of you ever so slowly as I become limp after expending my load of cum. As I pull out, our driver takes my place and shoves his giant cock deep into you. He pumps and pumps for all he is worth. You arch your back as another wave of orgasms digs deep into your soul. You and the driver yell loudly as you reach your sexual peak at nearly the precise moment with one another. He shoots his load deep into you. You grab his shoulders and hold him tight to your chest. He sucks on your nipple and you scream again with another wave of orgasms. Yours is the last scream of ecstasy to be heard in that concrete canyon this night as we all lie limp in the street waiting for traffic to clear.

The traffic begins to move ahead and we all get off the cars, the street, wherever we are lying to rest and begin to enter our cars.

I pull up my pants and pull your gown down to your ankles and pick you off the fender and sit you back on the ground. 

We walk over to the door and hurriedly our driver pulls his pants up and opens our door for us. He looks at me as you enter the car and says, "Sir, the ride is on me tonight. 

Thanks for the wonderful tip." I wink and enter the car and we drive off to our hotel to explore each other in our bed for the rest of the night.