 Amy was looking to party.

If you recall, I owed her a favor. I basically told her that I'd have sex with her anytime, anywhere as payment for setting me up with one of her friends.

Her request turned out to be pretty innocuous: Amy's mom wouldn't be home all day and she wanted me to come over and, as she put it, "fuck me silly."

I'd have to put on hold for a moment the list of girls I was determined to sleep with, but the invitation sounded too good to pass up. I went over in the early afternoon on a Saturday.

Amy lived in a rather lavish mansion with her mother. Maybe I remember it being bigger in hindsight that in really was. At the time, anyway, it seemed beyond belief to me, since I was raised by my mom in a poor neighborhood. There was a multi-car garage, a huge garden area and a tennis court in back, and I'm sure the house itself sprawled enough that there were rooms which the women who lived there never even used.

What was most awe-inspiring to an eighteen-year-old guy, though, was the basement level, which had been modified into an entertainment area and full bar.

When I say a "full bar", please understand that I mean a full bar. It included leather seating, neon signs plastering the walls, a full-sized pool table, and an entire wall of bottles and glasses behind a large oak bar.

There were also several sub-rooms: a makeshift walk-in wine cellar, a game room, and a little theater room with two leather couches and a projection TV.

This level of their house, seemingly made for debauchery, is where I'd be spending most of my day.

I met the little blonde at her front door. She's the head cheerleader at our high school, and has all the trappings to go with it; from the fancy sports car, to the perfect female body.

Amy was the girl who a month before I thought I was madly in love with. We lost our virginities together at the homecoming dance. Any sane man would jump at the chance to date her, but I was passing up the opportunity to work on my list.

She walked up and kissed me on the lips sweetly, as if she was still auditioning for "girlfriend".

"Hey, Blondie, you look great," I said as I smiled at her. I don't remember when, but I'd taken to using that nickname at some point.

"Thanks. You do, too. Are you ready to have some fun?"

As she said it, she reached down and patted my crotch. It would seem she wanted to get straight to business.

"You know I am." As I said it, I returned the sweet kiss she'd used to greet me with a gentle kiss to her forehead, which I know she appreciated.

"Good, because I've got a surprise for you. Come on in."

We walked inside her front door, and she asked me to wait there for a second. Amy disappeared and, when she came back, had stripped down to some beautiful, black lingerie.

Her little body looked incredible, like a Christmas present you couldn't wait to unwrap as a child. She had black silk stockings with lacy tops, and a bra and panties made of a thin, transparently black material. The lacy bra pressed her already large breasts together to create an immense amount of cleavage. She also had tall, black, shiny high heels.

"Wow!" I exclaimed, which put a little blush in her cheeks. "This is a nice surprise." I reached out to grab her body, but she stopped me short.

"Silly, this isn't the surprise. Follow me."

She turned and started walking away, and I couldn't stop looking at the mesmerizing sway of her ass as she led me to the basement.

I rounded a corner at the bottom of the stairs and was surprised to see Amy standing next to her brother's fiancée, Sarah, who was in identical lingerie to Amy.

"Surprise!" they both said, not as a shout, but in a low, seductive tone.

Sarah had shimmering, curly brown hair that went down to the middle of her back. Not that she was unattractive otherwise, but it was by far her best feature.

She had soft, pale white skin which contrasted sharply to Amy's perfect tan. Sarah was a little taller than Amy, but with Amy's taller heels they were presently standing at the same height.

Sarah was a heavier girl; not excessively fat, but a much different body type than Amy's athletic hourglass figure. As such, she had massive breasts, and large nipples clearly visible through the transparent material of the bra.

"Welcome to our bar!" Amy announced. "We're here to serve you."

As she said it, the girls turned to walk behind the bar. Almost as an end to her previous statement, Amy added, "... so let us know what you want."

After they got behind the bar, each girl removed the other's bra. It was choreographed enough that they had clearly planned out what they were going to do. Now I had two great pairs of breasts to look at while my bartenders were serving me.

What fun. I walked up to the oak bar and sat down on a stool.

"Well, to start with, how about a beer?"

Not that it was really a "two man job", but both girls scrambled to fill a beer glass for me.

Sarah was a bit shy and awkward, and was happy to let Amy do all of the talking.

"Sarah gets married to my brother in a couple of months, so we figured this would be her last chance to try a huge cock," Amy explained as she sat my drink in front of me.

I looked at Sarah with a smugly-cocked eyebrow and she blushed.

"There you are, Sir," Amy said. "We don't accept cash here, so you'll have to pay me with your shirt."

I laughed initially, and then realized that she was serious. I pulled my shirt over my head and handed it to her.

"Thank you, Sir. Would you like anything else?"

I wasn't sure what to say.

"Well," I started, "you should probably go ahead and make yourselves some drinks, too."

They did, and at first we just chatted; mostly Amy and me, while we got comfortable. The first round of drinks helped everyone relax.

"I think I'm ready for another," I said to my bartenders.

"Okay, Sir, and that will cost you your pants," she said as she presented it to me. 

I eagerly got rid of them, and was down to just my boxers.

"Anything else you would like from us, Sir?" Amy asked the question in a tone that suggested maybe I wasn't taking enough advantage of the game she'd set up.

I thought about it for a moment.

"Sure, Blondie, I want you two to kiss."

Sarah looked embarrassed at the idea as Amy leaned into her. I suspected Amy had far more experience kissing girls. There lips met awkwardly at first, but it only took a second for both females to get into it.

As they made out, Amy started playing with her brother's fiancée's large breasts, while Sarah ran her fingers through Amy's bouncy blonde hair. As her nipples were caressed, the bigger girl moaned into the mouth of the little cheerleader.

They did this for probably five minutes as I drank my beer and enjoyed the show. I don't know if I even realized I was doing it, but after a while I pulled my dick through the fly of my boxers and started stroking it as I watched.

After a while, the girls broke off their embrace and turned to me.

"Wow," Sarah said, "I guess he really liked the show." She was referring to the fact that I was slowly running my hand up and down my large shaft.

"How about some shots? Is tequila all right?" Amy asked as a non-sequitor.

"Sure," I said, letting go of my penis, but not putting it away.

The girls got some stuff organized, then walked around to my side of the bar, so they were right in front of me.

"These are going to be body shots, so get ready."

Amy cupped her breasts together tightly. Sarah licked one, right above Amy's nipple, and then sprinkled some salt on the wet spot she'd made. She then took a bottle of expensive tequila and poured some into Amy's cleavage, which pooled up like a reservoir.

"Go ahead, Stud," Amy said, winking at me.

I put one of my arms around her waist so that I was holding her closely, and then I leaned in to lick the salt off of her breast. I went for the shot that was waiting for me between her tits, and tried to lick up anything that I couldn't drink. It was probably a five second process, but once my tongue was on her breasts I stretched it into a good minute.

They prepared Sarah's chest the same way, and it held an immense amount of alcohol.

I lapped up the shot, but didn't see any reason after it was done to take my hands or tongue off of her large white breasts. I licked her nipples over gently and she let out a moan.

As I played with Sarah's rack Amy said, "all right, now it's our turn." She poured two shots and handed one to Sarah. Both girls sank to their knees in front of me.

Amy pulled my boxers down. She grabbed a hold of my cock, licked the shaft up and down, then sprinkled salt on it.

"Ready?" she asked Sarah, who nodded.

Their tongues met at the base of my cock and slid towards the head in unison to lick up the salt, and then they turned to drink the tequila. After drinking her shot, Sarah turned right back and started sucking aggressively on the head of my cock, as if she had been waiting to pounce.

Amy stood up from the floor and I wrapped my arm around her.

"You know," she said to me, "this is all that Sarah has been talking about. I think the only thing that's been on her mind for weeks is your big dick."

I think the girl on her knees was sort of embarrassed by the comments, but she didn't let it interrupt her work. She progressed from just working on my cock head to slowly working some of my shaft into her mouth.

Amy watched her future sister-in-law suck dick for a minute then announced, "Okay, I think it's time that I leave you two alone for a while to get to know each other." It was kind of a funny statement since Sarah was already sucking my cock. "I'll come back down in a little bit and join in the fun, but I want to make sure she gets a turn first."

With that, my little schoolmate scooted out of the room, and I was alone with Sarah.

As soon as Amy had left, Sarah stopped blowing me and got to her feet again, as if she'd just been waiting for Amy to leave the room.

Dick in hand, she whispered in my ear, "I have a fantasy."

"Oh?"

"I want to show you something."

Sarah led me to one of the makeshift-bar's side rooms; a theater area with leather couches and a big screen television. Sarah locked the door behind us.

"I want to make sure Amy doesn't walk in on this," she said.

I didn't see where she got the key from, but she took a VHS cassette out of a locked cabinet and put it in the VCR. Then she came and sat down beside me on the couch.

I wasn't sure what to expect as she pushed the play button, but suddenly on the screen was a porno.

It was a homemade video of a large, handsome black man fucking a blonde girl in a fancy-looking bedroom. The woman had on a lot of expensive jewelry and was being drilled doggy style, with her face to the camera.

"Tear me apart, you bastard!" the girl on the screen moaned as he pounded her.

I didn't understand what she was showing me at first, but then I had a sudden revelation—the girl in the homemade video was Amy's mom!

"There are dozens of these videos. This might sound weird, but ever since I found these I come down here and masturbate while I watch them, and fantasize that handsome, well-hung men would want to fuck me like that," Sarah said in a self-deprecating way. 

She wrapped her hand around my dick, and I could feel her eyes on me.

"It probably sounds gross, I guess, but I've been getting off watching my boyfriend's mom get fucked. She's so pretty; I bet every guy wants to fuck her.

"So here's my fantasy that I've been having lately," she said, like she was trying to get back to her point. "I really want to jerk off your big cock while you watch these videos with me. I don't know why, but I can't stop thinking about giving you a handjob while you watch porn. I want you to come so bad."

I didn't know what to say to her, except that the idea sounded good to me. I draped my arm over her shoulder so I could get a handful of her big bust while I watched, which she responded to with a low moan.

She leaned over and spit on my dick to lubricate it, then started stroking it up and down.

On the screen, Amy's mom's legs were spread, and I could tell the large, dark-skinned guy was about to climax. The camera wasn't at a very good angle for it, but he pulled out of her cunt and started jacking off on her.

"Oh, look at all that cum she gets!" Sarah exclaimed in a whisper.

"Do you like cum?"

She nodded as she stroked my cock. "I let my boyfriend jack off on me anytime he wants and I wear it around the house. He says he's marking his territory." She said the last part with a little laugh, like she was letting me in on a private joke.

She felt my member pulsate in her hand.

"Does that turn you on?"

I gave her a "yes" that was really more of a groan.

"Good, 'cause ever since I saw your dick explode on Megan, I've been hoping you'll shoot one of your big loads on me, too."

The tape flickered for a second, and then another scene came on. It was filmed in the same bedroom, but with a different guy; a tall, white guy with a thin, but very long penis.

He was sitting in front of the camera, stroking himself, and this really seemed to turn Sarah on. She started working my cock a little harder.

"I just love looking at big cocks," she whispered in my ear.

On screen, two women approached the bed, dressed in identical nurse outfits. One was Amy's mom; the other was a redhead of about the same age.

There wasn't any setup; the outfits were pealed off quickly, and both women were lying on the bed. The man managed to straddle both and started going back and forth between the females faces, thrusting his cock in and out of their hungry mouths.

"Do you like sucking cock, Sarah?" I asked. I was trying to talk dirty, though I asked the question so casually that I'm not sure if it came across that way.

"Oh, yeah!" was all she said at first, as we watched the well-endowed man on the screen slowly run his member in and out of Amy's mom's mouth.

Sarah went on, "I love having dicks in my mouth. I get so turned on. I can deep throat my fiancée really easily, so I let him fuck my throat as hard as he wants. Earlier, when I was sucking your cock in front of Amy, I had a mini-orgasm just from sucking on your big head."

The man on the screen turned his attention to the redhead, who wrapped her ruby red lips around his erection.

"I know that woman," Sarah said. "It's one of Pam's [Amy's mom] best friends. Isn't she pretty?"

I didn't really answer, as I started to focus in more and more on the handjob I was getting, which she seemed to notice.

"Am I doing a good job?"

"Oh yeah, baby, keep working me."

"I love having your big dick in my hands. It's so manly and powerful. I wish MY guy had one like this."

On the screen, the man pulled his penis out of the redhead's mouth and moved down to mount her body in a missionary position. Pam got up off of the bed and walked off-screen. The camera shook for a second and started moving, so you could tell that she'd picked it up off of a tripod and was carrying it around now.

She zoomed in on the redhead's facial expression as the long dick started pounding into her.

"Tell me how much you love it," Pam said off-screen.

At that encouragement, and probably in part performing for the camera, the redhead started to go on and on about how much she loved to be fucked by big cocks.

Holding the camera, Amy's mom reached her hand out to the girl's face and made her start sucking on her fingers like a cock as she orgasmed.

Then, on screen, the man rolled the redhead over and started fucking her from behind. Amy's mom walked over behind him to zoom in on the cock going in and out of her friend, and started spanking her with the rhythm of the sex.

The redhead started squealing again, "Fuck me, fuck me! Use me, you two, use me!"

I was getting so into the video that I suddenly realized with surprise that I was getting close to coming. Sarah sensed it and started rubbing by large balls as well as she could with her left hand while she stroked vigorously with the right.

"You want to come for me?" she purred.

"Oh yeah, I'm going to shower you with sperm, baby."

Sarah started moaning like she was getting close to an orgasm, too.

She muttered, "It's just like my fantasy. Cover me in cum."

The man on the screen was in the same place I was, and suddenly started spurting his load all over the redhead's face as Amy's mom, holding the camera, simultaneously zoomed in and started cheering.

Seeing that orgasm, my balls tightened and I was ready, too.

I let her keep stroking me to finish the job, but I shifted my position a little so my cock was pointing straight at Sarah.

I said what always seems to pop out right before my orgasm: "get ready, bitch."

A large burst of semen suddenly erupted from my cock and hit her in the forehead, followed by shot after shot into her hair, on her cheeks, and over her closed lips.

"Fuck yes!" I shouted as I felt the satisfying release of my balls emptying.

As it subsided, my last couple of shots went onto her large breasts. She reclined on the couch, covered in sperm.

"I guess I just marked your fiancée's territory," I said, and she laughed.

On the screen, the camera must have been handed to the man, because the focus was on Pam licking the sperm off of the redhead's face.

We watched the video for a few more minutes, and then I got up and turned it off, knowing that Amy would be coming back downstairs at some point. I unlocked and opened the door to the main bar, too.

Sarah was lying on the couch, spread eagle and playing with her pussy. I walked up and put my dick in front of her face. She reached out and grabbed it with her free hand as she fingered herself with the other.

"How long before you're hard again?" she asked in a broken whimper, as her fingers plunged in and out of her hole.

"Not long, if you talk dirty to me."

She closed her eyes and gave my tool a squeeze. It had only been a few minutes, but I could already feel that my dick was ready to stiffen again.

As she banged herself, Sarah started to say, "Your big dick is so beautiful, it's is all I've thought about since we met. Sucking you... fucking you... letting you come all over me. I'm obsessed with it. It's so powerful; I know you could turn any girl in the world into your cockslut with it, and I know you're going to turn me into one."

She was bringing herself to orgasm as she talked and massaged the life back into my member, and her speech was steadily getting breathier.

"Amy says it's amazing—I can't wait to feel you pounding into my pussy, and I can't wait to watch you fuck Amy's little body. I know I shouldn't say this, but it makes me wish I wasn't engaged, because I know that Troy [her fiancée] could never do what you're going to do to me."

She had to stop to moan a couple of times, and then tried to keep talking:

"I've never been fucked by a stud before, and I want you to fucking pound me. Rip my pussy apart with this monster."

After a few minutes of watching the girl bang herself and listening to her talk, I was rock hard again in her hand.

"I need your dick right now," she cooed. "Please fuck me, please fuck me, please fuck me," Sarah started moaning as she continued to bang herself.

"All right," I said, "I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to stop." As I said it, I slid my erection into her mouth, and she started sucking on it greedily. "I hope you're ready for the best dick of your life."

My cock popped out of her mouth, and I moved between her spread legs on the couch. I rubbed my cockhead against her waiting pussy, and she started to have an orgasm from the sensation.

I moved my shaft so just a little bit was inside of her, and Sarah went over the top. She wrapped her big legs around me, and pulled my shaft into her vagina like a tractor beam.
