 It was a hot summer day and Sue was tired from a long days work at the office. The board meeting was tiresome and boring. The same old rhetoric as usual. 

"Gotta get revenues up or else." her boss told her.

She repeated the words over and over in her head until she couldn't stand it any longer. She decided that she needed a drink, a big one and headed to the nearest pub. 

While she walked, she tried to reach her husband, Budd, to let him know of her intentions and hopefully have him meet her there, but he wasn't answering his cell, so she left him a message instead.

District 211 was an up and coming bar/restaurant where many professionals would gather for lunch or afterwork meetings, also known as drink fests to relieve the days stresses.

Sue walked into the dimly lit bar and was quickly greeted by a pretty young woman, she guessed her to be in her very early twenties. Their eye's meet for only a moment, but something in those eyes made Sue hunger to touch her. She naturally resisted, and was frankly surprised at her attraction to the woman.

"One tonight?"

Having her thoughts of attraction broken by the girls spoken words, Sue could only mumble out,

"What?"

"Are you dining alone tonight or waiting for someone?" The pretty greeter asked again.

"Oh! Sorry, too much on my mind I guess. I tried calling my husband but he wasn't available, so I guess it's just me."

Sue wasn't sure why she told the young girl that and shook her head and silently thought how badly she needed that drink.

"We're a non smoking restaurant." The greeter said and turned to show Sue to her table when Sue said,

"I think I'll just sit at the bar if thats all right?"

"Sure," came the quick reply, "Our drink special is a Tequila Sunrise."

Sue nodded and walked to the bar. It was still a little early for the 9-5 crowd to start pouring in and she was only slightly surprised to see the bar nearly empty, save for a woman sitting in a dark corner. 

She sat down at the bar and ordered her usual drink of rum and coke and let it's familiar flavor tantalize her taste buds. Closing her eyes, she bowed her head down and rubbed her stiff neck, letting out a slight moan as her fingers found just the right spot to rub. 

Sue noticed, or rather sensed, movement and quickly opened her eyes to see if anyone was watching. Not seeing anyone looking her way, she relaxed a little and took another sip of her drink. 

Elizabeth was sitting in the corner of the bar, absorbed in the papers in front of her. Her job as a technical analyst had it's perks, but mostly, it was boring. She would often meet her husband at the bar at District 211 for cocktails and then, if hungry, they would enter the restaurant and have dinner.

Tonight it was all about celebrating and Elizabeth was getting a head start. Keith, her husband, was a successful salesman for a local television studio and spent many an hour at this very bar. Both were well known by the employees as good tippers and generally nice people, if not a little on the wild side.

More than once did they close the bar down with either Elizabeth or Keith, or both of them making suggestive comments to the staff, and on occassion, to another couple or woman.

When Sue walked into the bar, Elizabeth took notice immediately. She wasn't exactly sure where to place the womans heritage, but guessed either mediterranean or latino.She had fairly long and wavy dark hair that draped over her broad shoulders. Her waist was slender and she noticed the woman had a very shapely ass.

Elizabeth couldn't tell how large her breasts were because of the business suit she was wearing, but guessed her to be a B cup. She giggled softly as she thought about her own D cup breasts pressing against the strangers. 

Elizabeth took time reading the womans face and came to a conclusion that this woman enjoyed being oggled. Elizabeth watched as Sue bowed her head and caressed her neck. The soft moan that escaped her mouth only made Elizabeth more curious about her. 

She felt that this dusky woman liked verbal foreplay and as Keith wouldn't be to the bar for another hour, Elizabeth thought she would strike up a conversation. So she made her way to the bar and ordered a drink, two drinks actually.

"Hey Mike." Elizabeth said to the familiar bartender.

"Can I get my usual?"

"Sure thing."

"And get me another drink for this lady."

Elizabeth turned to Sue and introduced herself as she stuck her hand out and smiled.

"Hi, I'm Elizabeth." 

"Oh, hi, I'm Sue. Thanks for the drink."

Sue was a little shocked at the brazeness of this woman, and, a little intrigued. She looked her up and down as she sipped her offered drink. Sue thought that Elizabeth looked a little older than herself and later found out it to be true. 

Little did it matter at the time as the two women made small talk of work, family, and husbands. Sue took an immediate liking to Elizabeth's good nature and openness. 

The drinks had loosened up both women and they found themselves talking openly about sex and fantasies. Sue was surprised at her own brazeness when she asked Elizabeth if she had ever been with a woman, confessing to her that it was a private fantasy of her own, something that she had put on her list of things to do.

"Actually, yes, I have." came Elizabeth's reply. "And I'd like to again. Sooner rather than later." She added, and smiled at Sue in an attempt to get her attention.

It worked, as Sue felt a sudden rush to her loins. She could feel her face become flushed and a sudden tightening of her nipples. She thanked herself for wearing the business suit as it helped hide her large erect nipples. Must be a draft in here she thought.

Keith entered the bar at just that moment and saw his wife sitting at the table with an attractive brunette. Not an uncommon site as Elizabeth had many female friends. He walked up to her and kissed her on the cheek as he stuck his had out and introduced himself to his wife's guest.

"Hi. I'm Keith." He said smiling, unaware that he was only a few moments ago the topic of conversation between the two women.

"I'm Sue. Your wife was kind enough to buy me a drink and share a few stories while I wait for my husband to arrive." 

Sue took a long look at Elizabeths husband, thinking that she didn't give a fair description of him. He didn't appear to be an Ogre or a Horse's ass, at least not physically that is. 

She took a moment to appreciate his general apperance. Guessing him to be about six foot, maybe an inch taller. Broad shoulders hidden by a sport coat. Salt and pepper hair with matching goatee. When Keith sat next to Elizabeth, she thought they matched perfectly well.

Sue found herself becoming attracted to the couple and attributed it to the alcohal, yet, she began to fantasize about seeing them naked, especially Elizabeth. Her special list came to mind again.

She liked the womans hair, shoulder length, maybe a little longer. Brownish green eyes, narrow shoulders and large breasts. She had the look of a woman who took care of herself. Her thoughts were interrupted by Keith.

"Are we eating or just drinking tonight?" he asked Elizabeth.

"Well, right now, I'm drinking, but I hope to be eating later." 

Elizabeth looked directly into Sue's eyes as she emphasized the word eating. Sue took notice and wasn't sure if her crotch was moist from what Elizabeth just said or something else. Either way, her pussy was wet. 

Sue sat in the booth and squirmed a little bit, crossing and uncrossing her legs. Letting the fabric of her panties tease her clit. 

Sue's cell phone rang and she quickly awnsered it, needing a distraction to the obviously flilrtations of Elizabeth. Sue excused herself, telling them it was he husband, Budd.

"Hello?"

"Hi honey, I got your message. Are you still at District 211?" Sue's husband asked over the phone.

"Yes. Just waiting for you. Can you make it?" she said hopefully.

"Actually, I'm only a couple of minutes away. I just wanted to make sure you were still there. Wait for me okay?" he asked.

"Sure thing. See you in a couple. Oh, I'll be in the bar with another couple I just met." Sue added.

"Another couple huh?, Will I like them?" Budd asked.

"Yes, I think so. See you soon." added Sue and then quickly hung up.

"You'll like Budd. He's a real charmer." 

"I'll look forward to it." Elizabeth said as she squeezed her husbands leg. 

Years of experience told Keith that Elizabeth was on the prowl and she wanted Sue in a bad way. It would be Keith's job to guage Sue's husband, to see if he would be open to letting the two women explore each other. Keith was a good judge on such things and would be the first to make mention if he felt it would be acceptable to both parties.

Budd walked into the bar only a few moments later, found Sue and introduced himself to Elizabeth and Keith. 

"Got a little catching up to do Budd. Can I buy you your first drink?" Keith asked.

"Sure. I'll have whatever your having." Budd replied.

"Beer okay then?" Keith asked.

"Beer it is."

The two couples sat and drank for another half hour and Elizabeth began stroking Keiths leg as an indication that she wanted to know if it was going to be a twosome or moresome that night. She had slipped her shoes off and reached across the table and began rubbing them against Sue's legs.

At first Sue wasn't sure what to do, but the alcohal helped ease any fears she had and she opened her legs for Elizabeth. Sue looked at Budd and whispered in his ear,

"I think Elizabeth wants to eat my pussy."

Budd just looked at her, smiled and said aloud,

"Then let her." 

Keith picked up on what was said and knew that Elizabeth was anxious to see if they were the swinging type.

"Yes Sue, let her." Keith looked Sue directly in the eye as he said it, letting her know that it was exactly what Elizabeth wanted and he was okay with it.

"Perhaps we should pay our tab and go someplace a little less expensive." he added.

"You have someplace in mind?" asked Budd.

"Your welcome at our house. It's only a short drive from here and I can assure you the drinks are free there." replied Keith.

"What do you say Sue? Wanna have some fun?" Elizabeth practically purred as she watched Sue's reaction.

"Um. I've never done anything like this. I'm nervous." Sue said somewhat embarrased.

"You needn't be Sue. Your a gorgeous woman. I think your really hot." replied Elizabeth, eager to get her hands on her.

Keith and Budd let the woman flirt a moment longer when Budd said,

"Well, I think your pretty hot yourself Elizabeth and I'd love to see you eating my wifes pussy. It's okay if I watch isn't it?"

"I'd like that very much Budd. Maybe she could suck your cock while I lick her pussy?" Elizabeth said hoping that Sue would agree.

"Hell yes!" Budd replied almost too fast.

Sue was still unsure but agreed anyways. The couples left the booth they were sitting at, paid their bill and walked outside. It was dark and the city lights, along with a fair amount of booze, made everything sparkle. Sue never felt so exhilerated and free. 

"Just follow us. It's only a few minutes from here." Keith told Budd.

"Do you want to leave one car here?" He added.

"No, it'll be okay. Sue can follow me and I'll follow you."

They couples each went to their own automobile and the train of cars began to leave the multi level parking garage one by one. As it happend, Sue wound up following Elizabeth and Budd brought up the rear.

Sue was busy two-waying Budd while Elizabeth was doing the same with Keith, when he suggested that perhaps she drive a little faster while he slowed down, just so Elizabeth could get Sue alone for a few minutes. 

Keith smiled to himself for being so clever. He would slow down just a bit and get caught by a red light or two while Elizabeth would speed up just enough so Sue would have to do the same to follow. Assuming that Sue was still going to follow through, it would give the two a chance to get comfortable with each other. Little did either of them realize just how good an idea it would turn out to be.

As Elizabeth speed up, Sue did the same and the women were nearly a quarter mile ahead of Keith before the first red light stopped him. Sue barely realized that Budd and Keith were not behind here anymore as she and Budd were constantly talking on their phones to each other.

"I'm getting nervous Budd. What if..." Sue didn't get a chance to finish as Budd cut her off by saying,

"Just relax. If you don't feel it's right, then don't do anything. Besides I'll be there the whole time."

"Yah, your right. Besides, Elizabeth is attractive and she has pretty big boobs too." said Sue, somewhat embarassed that she commented on them.

"You noticed that too? I think she's brought out a little tiger in you. I can't wait to see you two together." 

Budd played with the rise in his pants as he drove, oblivious to the fact that he could no longer see his wife's car. Budd heard an all too familiar 'beep-beep' on his cell phone telling him his battery was about to die. 

"I don't know if I can Budd. I'm so nervous." 

Sue wasn't yet aware that Budd's phone had died. She continued,

"But the thought of her eating my pussy while you watch is making me very horny. Would you like it if I licked her pussy while she sucked on Keith's cock?"

Sue waited for Budd's excited reply, knowing her husband well enough to know that his cock would be getting hard just at the thought of her and Elizabeth together.

"What's the matter honey, your hands too busy stroking yourself to beep me back?"

Again, no reply. Sue smiled and knew that Budd was going to have the time of his life, and so was she.

They had talked about Sue with another woman many times and it always led to great sex, Budd would always get so hard and horny. When that happened, Sue would just let him do his thing while she enjoyed the ride. 

Her eye's would close and she'd bury her head in a pillow while he fucked her from behind. Her moans would get louder and louder the harder he pumped. Little did Budd know, or care for that matter, that Sue would be fantasizing about having an other woman to pleasure while getting fucked by Budd.

Sue told herself to stop thinking about it or she might just rip Elizabeth's clothes off her once she walked through their door. She reached down to feel her soaking pussy, rubbing her clit ever so lightly. If ever there was a time she thought she couldn't be with a woman, now was not that time.

A few moments later Elizabeth turned into her driveway and motioned for Sue to park by the curb. She took Sue by the arm and escorted her into the house. It was all Sue could do to keep from grabbing Elizabeth and kissing her right there. She refrained, but it took quite a bit of control.

Elizabeth told Sue to get comfortable while she made them each a drink. Given the time to relax for a moment, Sue looked around the house and thought it nice. 

Sue noticed the few sculptures standing here and there, a picture on the wall was a portrait of Elizabeth in a younger year. What drew her attention was Elizabeths hands. She missed it at first, but when she looked closer, the portrait showed Elizabeth with a cocktail in her right hand and a man's cock in her left. The artist took great care trying to disguise that little detail.

Elizabeth watched Sue admiring the portrait on the wall for a moment before saying,

"Thats my husbands cock in my hand."

"What? Oh! Is it really?"

"Yes. The artist who painted that is a friend of mine. She really captured the moment, don't you think?"

"Um, yah. I guess so. I'm not really knowledgeable on art." Sue proclaimed.

"Well, you don't have to be. You either like what you see or you don't. It's that simple with art."

"Was your husband really erect like that when she painted it."

"When he started to go soft, I would play with him and suck him until he was hard again." Elizabeth told her.

"Weren't you embarassed. I mean, to have your friend watch you do that?" 

Sue became intrigued and imagined herself being painted like that.

"No. Not at all. As a matter of fact, my friend joined us and we all had quite a bit of fun. Especially Keith. He loves to watch."

Elizabeth took great pleasure in watching Sue's reactions. She saw how flushed Sue's face became and Elizabeth could feel her own wetness soaking her panties.

"What do you think Budd would do?"

"How do you mean?" ask Sue.

"Would he watch or would he wanna participate?"

"If I we're being painted you mean?" 

"Sure. If you were being painted holding his cock in your hand. Would he like that?" 

Elizabeth was teasing Sue, testing her. Guaging what she would and could do and where she might draw the line. 

"Oh, well, I think he'd be all for it. We've talked alot about having a third person in bed with us. I know he'd really get into that. We even put it on our list of things to do."

"What about you Sue. Would you get into it?" ask Elizabeth.

"I don't know. If the circumstances were right, I suppose I might like to try it." Sue lied. She could barely keep herself from kissing Elizabeth at the exact moment.

"What would Budd due if he walked through that door and saw us kissing?"

It was time for Elizabeth to push the envelope to it's limits. Time to see if Sue was willing to let herself go. To let herself become part of a new experience. To be had, taken, to succumb to the wants and desires of others.

Sue stood for a moment thinking about what Elizabeth had just asked. Her heart began to beat faster. Her breasts felt the need to be touched. Her nipples ached to be sucked and her pussy was wetter than she could ever remember.

Elizabeth didn't ask, she didn't tell Sue she was going to do anything, she just did it. Elizabeth took a step towards Sue, reached up to her face and kissed her full on the lips. 

As Elizabeth's lips meet Sue's, she felt a weakness in her knee's, a sudden urge to sit down or fall down. Sue knew that this night would be like no other before and she wanted it more than ever. All thoughts of where Budd was or what was keeping him had left her head. It was her turn to explore something new.

Instivtively, Sue's lips parted as Elizabeth kissed her again. Their tongues swirled as each tilted thier heads and opened their mouths. A simple kiss made Sue so wet she felt the juices run down her legs. Sue needed to be touched, needed to be naked and most definitely need to cum.

Elizabeth, getting no resistance from Sue, reached up with her free hand and placed it on Sue's breast. She could feel the stiff nipple through the thin fabric of her blouse. 

The busniess suit she was wearing was peeled off little by litte. The jacket was gently placed over the couch, the designer shoes kicked off, the nylons discarded and the blouse unbuttoned and tossed on the floor. Sue sat nearly naked in front of Elizabeth and she didn't have a care in the world.

Elizabeth stood for a moment to admire Sue's shapely body. Just as she thought, Sue had a slender waist and nice hips. Her breasts were covered in a Body by Victoria's Secret bra that matched her panties. Elizabeth would soon remove both, but wanted to take in the vision of her soon to be conquest.

"You have an exquisite body Sue. I want to touch you so badly." said Elizabeth.

Without saying a word, Sue reached behind her and unfastened her bra, letting it fall to the couch. She then stood up and pulled her matching panties too the floor and stood there for Elizabeth to look at.

Elizabeth wasted no time and kissed Sue's neck, putting one hand on her breast and letting the other drop to Sue's pussy. 

"Mmm. Your so wet Sue." 

"I know," 

Sue replied somewhat embarassed before adding, 

"I think that your making me that way."
