 If you are under the legal age of consent in your area (generally 18 years but sometimes as much as 21), or if you are offended by graphic descriptions of sex and sexual pleasure between adults, please do not read further. I fully realize the PREMISE of this story is not original, but chapter one IS loosely based on actual events (minus the mind control aspects). All subsequent events are purely fiction. Do not post elsewhere without the expressed, written permission of Samurai Sword. © 2006 by Samurai Sword. All rights reserved.

*

Tonya looked at me quizzically, "Who the hell rings your doorbell at three-thirty in the morning?"

"Well, if you want to know more about my powers, here's an opportunity to watch, learn and participate. Just go along and I promise to tell you more when we're done."

"Okay, but promise not to use your 'powers' on me again. I'll know if you do."

"Promise. One more thing – I made a couple of 'temporary adjustments' to Monica's psyche. Do you have any problems dealing with a little harmless fetish play in the next few minutes?" 

Tonya sighed and shook her head, "Why not?"

I kissed her on the cheek and then headed for the front door. "Wake Monica up," remarked as I left the bedroom.

----

"Ann! What a pleasure! Do come in. I'm glad you found the place."

Our restaurant hostess from earlier in the evening stood in the doorway. She had an unmistakable deer-in-the-headlights look. In one of her hands was a black plastic shopping bag and in the other was my scribbled note.

"Please come in," I repeated.

She didn't move, "Well I don't know if I should. I mean I was just..."

Ooops! The events of the past several minutes had caused me to forget that I actually needed to USE my powers at this point. I let them radiate fully towards the nervous woman.

"Of course you should, Ann. Absolutely the right thing to do. We're all friends here. Come on in." I reached out and took her by the elbow. 

"What's that you brought?" I faked ignorance and pointed at the plastic bag in her hand.

She couldn't look me in the face. Staring at the floor she mumbled, "Just, ah, just what you wanted me to bring."

"Oh? Well first of all I must insist that you relax. Nothing to worry about here. Everything is going to be just fine. You're done with work now. You should feel great to be off shift."

Ann breathed out deeply and her eyes brightened. "Yeah, I feel pretty good to tell the truth."

"That's great." I didn't ease up on my power as I took her by the hand. "Now please follow me." 

---

"Oh!" Ann startled as we rounded the corner into my bedroom. The site before us was enough to make me pause for a second as well. Tonya had pulled the bed covers partially over herself and Monica. The two women's bodies pressed together as they slowly and sensually kissed.

"Ah ladies, excuse me." They broke off the kiss. "We have a visitor. You both remember Ann?"

"Sure, hi!" smiled Monica, looking appreciatively at Ann's legs.

"Nice to see you again," said Tonya.

Ann was still stunned. Her jaw hung open.

I squeezed her hand. She startled. "Uhm, hi. Nice to see you too."

I looked at Monica and Tonya, "Ladies, Ann is bearing gifts for you."

"Ooooh, cool. What is it?" asked Monica. Tonya merely raised an eyebrow at me.

I squeezed Ann's hand again, "show them."

Ann tore her gaze away from the girls to stare at me. I smiled, "Go ahead. You've got the bag."

Ann looked back at the girls as her hands fumbled briefly with the plastic shopping bag. She pulled out two small flat packages and held them up for the girls to see.

"PANTYHOSE! Yaaah!" Monica squealed and scrambled from under the bedsheets. She ran to Ann and wrapped her in a tight hug. "Thankyouthankyouthank!" Ann was so surprised by the naked girl that the packages tumbled from her hand. 

Monica let go of Ann, scooped up the packages and jumped back on the bed, crashing into Tonya's side.

It was Tonya's turn to be surprised and confused, "Goodness!" she said, looking at me.

Monica words were bubbly and fast paced, "Awesome! Oh look, they're crotchless. Which do you want, the black or the nude? I'll take black if you don't want it. I have to get these on right now. This is so awesome. I just LOVE pantyhose. Here!" Monica had already ripped open both packages and tossed the nude pair to Tonya. Tonya looked at me and nodded. She understood I had brought out something new in Monica. I rolled my index finger in a "go-ahead" motion. 

I put my arm around Ann's shoulder as both women pulled on the pantyhose, Monica much quicker and more eager than Tonya. "Well, your gift is certainly a hit. Great job, I'm glad you came through." God bless Las Vegas for having plenty of all night sex shops!

"Thanks, I'm glad too." Ann whispered as she watched the two girls. 

Monica had finished putting her hose on much faster than Tonya, and approached the blonde, "May I help?"

Tonya was sitting on the bed. Her right foot was already in the hose and she had the other side bunched up in her hands, with her left foot poised to step in. She looked at Monica and with a big grin Tonya deliberately dropped the bunched nylon, "Ooops, yeah, I guess I do need some assistance." 

"Goody!" Monica beamed, not picking up on the slight sarcasm in Tonya's voice. Monica kneeled beside Tonya's left leg.

I decided it was time to get our newest guest into the mix and I gave her another full blast of my power. "Ann, I do believe Monica could use a little help. I'll bet you could do a great job assisting her. That would be fun for you." 

"Okay!" Ann replied enthusiastically and made her way to side of the bed where Tonya sat. Monica already had the left leg of the nylon bunched and ready to place on Tonya's foot.

"Monica, let Ann help you," I said.

"Sure. Here, you take one side and I'll take the other." Ann stood directly in front of the seated Tonya. Ann faced Tonya's left side, looking towards Monica. Ann slipped her hand into one side of the nylon bunch held by Monica. Monica then repositioned her own hold to have a firm grip on the other side. Monica next looked up at Tonya, "Ready?"

"What would I do without you two?" Tonya placed one hand on Ann's shoulder and one on Monica's shoulder as she pushed her foot forward into the nylon. 

Okay, I knew two women assisting another perfectly capable woman with her hosiery was totally overkill. From a simple task standpoint it was also awkward and silly. But I didn't care anything about that. The vision before me was un-fucking-believably beautiful. Ann and Monica worked together to get the one side of the hose up to Tonya's knee. Then Ann stepped to Tonya's right and began working the other side. They tugged the pantyhose up over thighs and hips and finally smoothed them into place on Tonya's waist.

Tonya rubbed each girl's shoulder. "That was great. Thanks!" Ann smiled. Monica immediately began stroking her own ass.

It was now time to get Ann more involved. "Hey, one of these things is not like the other," I pointed at Ann.

Tonya chuckled, "Well, we'll just have to do something about that!"

Tonya reached out and popped open the top button on Ann's shirt. Monica fell to her knees and pulled on one of Ann' shoelaces.

"Oh, my, I..." Ann's eyes opened wide and her body jerked. She took a step back from the girls.

I moved towards Ann and let her have another dose, "Easy, it's okay. Ann, we're all having a good time here. Nothing is wrong. Nothing bad is going to happen. Everything is safe. This is fun. You've been enjoying yourself, I know it."

A dreamy look crossed Ann's face. "fun?..." 

"Yes, fun. That's what we're all having. But too much clothing isn't fun. It's boring."

She frowned. "Boring?"

"Yeah, boring is bad. Clothes are boring. Except for pantyhose aren't boring. Those are fun for you girls. And YOU brought them here! That means you already know how to have fun!"

Ann's body swayed slightly. "Yes, I like to have fun. I like pantyhose."

"Of course you do. You're a sexy woman. The only things standing in your way right now are those icky clothes."

She frowned again, "Yeah."

"Now, you just let Tonya and Monica help you."

"Okay."

The girls resumed Ann's disrobing. Tonya tugged Ann's blouse out of her skirt and worked through all the buttons. Monica untied both shoes and pulled them and the black ankle socks off. 

"Nice, this is going so well. Ann, you're going to have so much fun. These girls know how to make you feel good. I can tell you're feeling better already, right?"

"Better? Yes, better. Much better." She was totally passive now, watching the girls' efforts.

"My, what a boring bra," Tonya remarked as she pushed the blouse off Ann's shoulders to reveal a plain full coverage white cotton bra.

"That's okay," I responded, "We're getting rid of boring things here."

Monica seemingly abandoned the disrobing job as she was content for the moment to stroke Ann's calves and feet.

Tonya next unbuttoned the top of Ann's skirt and pulled the zipper. She pushed the skirt down over Ann's hips and Monica moved her hands out of the way to allow the skirt to fall to the floor.

Monica looked up, "Hey, not crotchless, and ewwwww, granny panties!"

Ann's full-size white cotton panties were indeed a terrible blemish underneath the black hosiery. "S-s-sorry." She blushed and attempted to cover herself with her hands. 

"It's okay, Ann. No need to apologize. You shouldn't feel bad. In fact, you should feel very good, because everything will be fixed and you'll feel great." Ann stood a little straighter and smiled. Monica returned to stroking Ann's feet and legs. Tonya stepped behind Ann and removed the older woman's bra. 

Ann's body was an interesting contrast in comparison to the two girls. Here was a mature woman. Though her stomach and hips probably looked better than the vast majority of women her age, she clearly had a few more pounds and less muscle tone than Tonya or Monica. It was apparent she didn't yet have saggy breasts but they probably had a noticeably higher place on her chest 10 years ago. She still had a fairly clear complexion, but time was beginning to rob her of the supple skin of youth. Ann was no longer a kid, but she was aging pretty darned well. No sane husband could say he dumped her because she'd lost her looks. I took a pair of scissors from the nightstand and handed them to Tonya. "See if you can make Ann match."

"No problem," she laughed. 

Tonya positioned herself behind Ann and set the scissors within easy reach. Tonya then took hold of the waistband on Ann's hose and began to roll them down just below Ann's hips. Monica watched for a moment and then responded with an "Ahhh" as she now comprehended the blonde's plan. Monica helped get the top of the hose even lower. Ann watched it all with unblinking curiosity.

Tonya next pulled one side of Ann's panties away from her hip and carefully ran the scissors between Ann's flesh and the cotton fabric. A single snip cut through the material. Tonya repeated the process on Ann's opposite side. With a few gentle tugs, Tonya pulled the now ruined panties out of Ann's hose and tossed them towards me. I repeated my earlier antics, catching them in my mouth and uttering a loud growl. The three women laughed.

I was sort of expecting Ann to have a large unkempt bush, but I was pleasantly surprised to see a well groomed triangle. While, it wasn't Monica's tightly cropped "landing strip," it fit Ann's figure and age very well.

Tonya stepped around towards Ann's front and faced the older woman. "Almost there. Hey, help me Monica." 

Monica rose to her feet and stood beside Tonya. Tonya placed the back of her hand against Ann's stomach. Ann looked down silently with an open-mouthed stare. I watched the skin on her stomach break out in goose bumps. Tonya carefully slid her hand down inside the waistband of Ann's pantyhose, coming to rest at the juncture of Ann's right hip and thigh. Monica seemed to understand Tonya's plan and she performed the same movement on Ann's left side. Both hands inside Ann's hosiery simultaneously pulled out from her body and slightly down. The cotton panel on Ann's hosiery was now separated from her body by a couple of inches. 

Using her free hand, Tonya brought the point of the scissors towards the outside of the cotton panel. The sight of the scissors caused Ann's to inhale sharply. Her body flinched. "OH MY!"

"It's okay, Ann. Tonya knows what she's doing. You can relax now. You'll enjoy this." My voice soothed her.

Tonya slowly rotated the scissor points downward so that they faced more towards the floor than Ann's body. She positioned one of the points against the panel and gently applied force until the point penetrated the top of the cotton material. "There." She whispered at Ann. 

Snip, Snip, Snip. Tonya opened a sizeable hole in the front of Ann's pantyhose without putting a runner in the nylon. Tonya placed the scissors on the dresser. Neither of the younger women was in any hurry to remove their hands from inside Ann's hose. In fact, both hands began to roam as the girls pressed their bodies to either side of Ann. Tonya kissed and nibbled at Ann's neck. 

"Oh my! Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh..." Ann's upper body spasmed and her large breasts jiggled pleasantly. Monica, being a bit taller than Tonya, used her free hand to take Ann by the chin and turn Ann's face towards her own. The two women kissed.

"Mmmmm, mmmm, mmmmmm." I could tell Monica had worked her tongue into Ann's mouth.

Tonya began to caress and then squeeze Ann's breasts. 

"MMMMMMmmmmmm..." Ann's eyes rolled back and her eyelids fluttered.

Tonya freed her right hand from Ann's pantyhose and immediately cradled the older woman's breasts. In an instant Tonya was kissing and sucking at the nipples.

"mmm...," Ann's head jerked back, breaking her lip-lock with Monica. She practically screamed, "AAAAHHHH, OH GOD, OH GOD!"

Ann's knees buckled. The tight embrace of the younger women was the only thing preventing her total collapse.

"Uh, ladies, I think you'd better..." But Tonya already knew what to do and she maneuvered the threesome onto the bed.

Because Monica now had a temporary hosiery fetish, I figured it best for her to focus on Ann's lower half. "Monica, I'll bet Ann's feet are a little tired after her shift. You should show them some special attention."

Monica gave me a mile-wide smile. "Oooh yeah! Great idea."

Ann lay on her back. Tonya sat beside her and leaned down, kissing her softly on the lips. At the other end of the bed, Monica stroked and massaged Ann's feet. Tonya caressed Ann's checks and neck. Monica continued her efforts, getting her face closer and closer to Ann's feet. Ann lay still, her hands by her sides.

I prodded the older woman along. "Ann, it's okay. You can touch Tonya. You SHOULD touch Tonya."

A trembling hand reached up and rested lightly on Tonya's shoulder. It was a start.

"Good, keep going. Tonya feels nice doesn't she?"

"mmm hmm."

Tonya slowly swung one of her legs across Ann's legs. Their hose hissed softly over one another. Monica looked up toward the sound and moaned, "Ohhhhhh...so beautiful."

Tonya's rolled up and rotated over Ann's body. Her knees were positioned to either side of Ann's lower thighs and she lowered her self towards Ann. Tonya's head dipped and her lips reached a point just above Ann's waiting mouth. I could tell Ann was ready to continue making out with Tonya and it appeared the women's lips would be the first part of their upper bodies to come into contact. Tonya paused. Ann waited, anticipating. Tonya grinned.

"OH!" Ann cried in shock. Rather than the expected kiss, Tonya had deliberately allowed their nipples to touch first. Tonya was now moving her chest in a small circular motion, causing the nipples to swirl around each other.

"Ahhhhhhh!" Ann arched her back up into the luscious contact.

Tonya covered Ann's mouth with her own. Meanwhile, Monica pressed her nose into Ann's nylon covered feet and inhaled deeply. 

"Mmmmm" "ooohh" "mmmmm" "aaaaahhh" Ann and Monica's sounds of pleasure floated through the air. Monica kissed Ann's toes. Ann's hands now freely slid down Tonya's back and she squeezed the dancer's beautiful ass through the sheer hosiery.

I sat on the corner of the bed. "Ann, have you ever kissed another woman's breasts?"

Tonya propped up on one elbow and winked at me.

"N-no," Ann responded, never taking her eyes off Tonya.

"Would you like to?" I asked

She nodded.

Tonya looked at her, "Ask me."

"Please," whispered Ann.

"Please, what?" replied Tonya as she softly twisted one of Ann's nipples between her thumb and forefinger.

"P-please, let me kiss...let me kiss your breasts."

Tonya smiled, "Of course, honey."

Tonya rose up and inched backwards, knees bent, sitting upright on Ann's thighs. She pulled Ann up to a sitting position, eye-level with Tonya's breasts. A succulent pink nipple hovered within an inch off Ann's lips. Meanwhile, Monica continued with Ann's feet and her own moans grew louder.

Tonya stroked Ann's cheek. "It's okay. Kiss them. You know you want to."

Ann let out a soft moan and pressed her mouth to the firm nipple. Similar to her earlier efforts towards Monica, Tonya guided Ann's hands onto Tonya's breasts. Ann's didn't need anymore prodding as her desire took over. She lifted and squeezed Tonya's breasts while licking and sucking at the nipples. Before long, I noticed Tonya's eyes close and she bit at her lip. Within seconds, Tonya's moans joined those of Ann and Monica. 

I moved around the bed to get a better view of Monica's actions. She held Ann's feet and sucked several toes in her mouth at once. Then she sniffed her way down from the toes to the balls of the feet, licked her way back to the toes and started the process again. All the while her moans grew louder and her lovely ass stuck higher in the air.

"Having fun, Monica?"

"mmmm hmmm"

"How does it feel to lick another woman's feet through pantyhose?"

"Ohhh God, it's sooooo good!"

I rested my hand on her ass.

"And you have pantyhose on too."

"Ohhhhhhh...mmmmm" She sucked harder on Ann's toe. 

Without warning, I ran two fingers down her hot dripping pussy.

"OHHHHHHHHHH!"

"You naughty hose girl, don't stop taking care of Ann's feet," I commanded.

I slipped my fingers further in between her lips and stroked harder. Each downstroke brought her swollen clit between my fingers. 

"Ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhhh."

"You're a dirty little nylon slut, aren't you?"

"Ahhh...yesssss."

"Tell me what you are!"

I rubbed faster and more forcefully. She pushed herself harder into my hand.

"Oh..oh...I'm a dirty nylon slut! Dirty nylon slut! OH SO FUCKING aaahhhhhh!"

Monica's hips bucked with the orgasm and she jammed her mouth as far down on Ann's foot as she could. 

Monica sucked softly on the toes as she recovered. I stood and walked to the front of the bed. Ann was still at Tonya's breasts. 

"Ann, did you know Monica just came while sucking your pretty toes?" I asked.

"Mmm hmmm." Ann's response was muffled because her face was buried between Tonya's breasts.

"I'll bet it feels nice to have her doing that."

"Yessssss!!!" 

I looked at Tonya, "You know, Monica has been on the receiving end of things twice already tonight. I think it's time for her to give."

Monica's eyes flew open. Tonya stared at me for a moment. "Good idea."

Tonya gently pushed Ann back and climbed off her. 

"Monica, make Ann happy. You know what to do," I said.

Monica stopped kissing Ann's toe and smiled at the three of us, "Really?"

"Yes, go ahead."

Ann turned to Tonya, a look of fear and apprehension on her face. 

"It's alright." Tonya grabbed a pillow and placed it under Ann's head. Tonya then slid an arm under Ann's neck, cradling Ann's head against Tonya's shoulder. Tonya rolled to face Ann, pressing her body against the older woman's side.
