 I must admit, I felt the tiniest surge of sexual excitement as we entered the lingerie store together. It was a decision made on a whim, passing by after having been out for a nice dinner.

After looking around for the briefest of time, we are approached by a salesperson. She is a short, cute brunette in a tight fitting white blouse and black pants who gives us a big smile when she says "Can I help you two?" 

You tell her that we're just browsing and she replies with, "Well, if you need anything, I'd be happy to help you out. More than happy." With that she walks away.

We laugh about the "more than happy" once she's out of earshot, and jokingly decide that she was flirting with you. 

After looking around for a little longer you find some really nice underwear - a fancy black lace thong and matching bra. We barely have time to look around for the change rooms before our helper is upon us. 

"Oh, those are great," she says, touching the bra in your hand. "We just got those in yesterday. Did you find your size ok?" As she says this she looks at the 34DD tag on the hanger. 

"Uh, yes," you stammer, a little perplexed by her forwardness. 

"Mmm, great," is her reply, and though I can't say for certain, I think I catch her stealing a glance at your breasts through your shirt. "Let me show you to the change room."

She leads us to the back of the store, where the change room is in a little alcove behind some clothing racks. She opens the door for you, saying "There you go," while touching the small of your back as you pass. I stand a few feet away with an I'll-just-wait-here look on my face, but the woman turns to me, smiles and says, "Go ahead," while motioning to the door. Both of us are a little shocked, and don't say anything for a moment. "It's ok," she assures us in a slightly softer voice. "Please. Go ahead."

I close the door to the rather sizable change room behind me. We are both a bit perplexed by the situation - and by our helpers intensity - but we aren't sure how much our voices might carry, so we just raise our eyebrows at each other and laugh a bit.

I sit down on a little bench as you change out of your clothes. You do a little mock striptease for me - playfully removing your t shirt and jeans - and we are both smiling at each other. By the time you're down to just your bra and panties, however, I'm not feeling as amused as I am aroused. Even in just your "everyday" underwear your body looks beautiful. You lean forward and kiss me on the cheek, whispering in my ear, "close your eyes." You see me steal a glance at your cleavage before I obey. I hear your bra and panties land on the bench beside me, and I smile with my eyes still closed. "Ok," I hear a minute later, "ready."

I open my eyes. You look amazing. The lacy bra fits you perfectly, making your full, beautiful breasts look tantalizing, and thanks to the full length mirror behind you, I can see the tiny thong disappearing between your ass cheeks. The translucent lace on the front of the panties matches the bra, and I can just barely see where your neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair stops and your smooth shaven lips begin.

It is too much to take sitting down, so I rise and kiss you gently before telling you to turn around. 

You turn and face the mirror, with me standing close behind you. I kiss the back of your neck as my hands run down your back, finding your exposed ass, rubbing and squeezing you. Grabbing your hips I pull you into me, my crotch pushed into your mostly naked backside. You can feel my arousal as I almost unconsciously grind against you. My hands then travel up your belly to your tits, which I begin to massage through the thin material of the bra. It feels so good, so wonderfully wrong to be doing this in a public place, and both of us are getting a bit excited. I am tracing your hardening nipples with my fingers - and starting to think about undoing the front clasp on your new bra - when we hear a tap on the change room door. It pulls both of us quickly out of the moment, and I step back, away from you.

"How're we doing in there?" comes the voice of our salesperson. 

"Uh, just fine," I manage to get out before you.

"Great," is her response, and with that, unbelievably, she opens the change room door and comes in, closing it gently behind her. She smiles a little smile at me and then takes you in with her eyes.

"Mmm, you look wonderful," she practically purrs as she moves closer to you. "It's a great choice. Those really suit you." She quite obviously glances at your nipples poking out through the bra, and bites her lower lip before getting intimately close to you. 

Both of us are a bit dumbfounded as she ever so gently adjusts one of the straps on the bra. "Sometimes women with breasts your size need a bit more support than this brassiere gives," she says in a breathy voice, "but it's just perfect on you. Just perfect." 

She takes a small step back and looks you over again. "Let's see the back," she says, and with that she puts her hand on your exposed upper thigh and subtly but firmly pulls you around to face away from her. You don't know what else to do but comply. "Mmm, yes," she sighs, her index finger very lightly running along the waistband of your panties, "you have a great ass for a thong." She gives me a sidelong glance. "You are one lucky guy." As she says this she puts both her hands on your hips - her thumbs quite close to your ass - and turns you back around to face her. Her eyes go from yours back down to your breasts. "Quite lucky."

You look as stunned as I feel, standing in the middle of the change room, being objectified by this woman. So stunned that you don't know what to say. What I can't tell in the moment is if this strange circumstance has turned you on half as much as me. Watching this attractive woman touch and flirt with you is definitely getting me aroused, and I put my hand in my pocket and try to subtly adjust my growing erection.

It seems like someone should say something, so I manage "thanks" - ostensibly for the compliment she has paid me. 

"Mmm, my pleasure," she answers. "Umm, listen, I would really love to suggest another option. Something I think would really look beautiful on you - something that would really accentuate you curves." She puts her hand on your arm, but directs the question to me. There is a strangely intimate tone to it. "Would you let me do that?"

I am taken aback by the fact that I'm the one who's supposed to answer, but both of us seem willing to let her direct what's happening. "Uh, yes. That would be lovely." 

"Great, " she smiles, stepping away from you. "I'll be back in a minute." With that she closes the door and leaves us alone in the change room - you still standing in the middle with only bra and panties on.

If there is a moment to converse about how strange this shopping trip has turned, it is here and now, but the fact is, for me, sexual excitement has overridden any other emotion or thought. I grab you by the hips and pull you into me. By the way that you kiss me, your tongue hungry in my mouth, I can tell that you are equally turned on by being flirted with in front of me. My hands are all over you as we kiss, and I immediately wish that I could be fucking you right now. Your fingers find their way down to my crotch, and you are stroking the growing bulge in my pants when we hear, "Knock knock."

Our helpers head is already peeking in the change room door, and we quickly pull apart, embarrassed to have been caught. "Mmm," she says, eyeing both of us, "I'm sorry to have broken that up." She enters with a few pieces of lingerie in one hand, and turns and closes the door with the other. She gives both of us a coy little smile before turning the bolt to lock it. This action, matched with her little smile, feels like a sort of admonishment for not having locked it ourselves, which feels humiliating in a strangely arousing way. It also has the effect of feeling like she has just locked us in to the change room with her like we are captives... which causes my growing hard-on to twitch.

She sets the clothes down on the bench, and neither of us can help but notice that the top two buttons of her blouse are now undone, giving us a fairly good view of her cleavage. She bends over slightly to lay the lingerie down, and I must admit I notice for the first time the tightness of her dress pants... which reveal a very shapely ass. She stands back up and looks your body over again, her face reacting as if she'd forgotten how good you look. Again, I see her react to your almost naked body by biting her lower lip.

"Ok," she says, picking up a beautiful black corset, "I think you're really going to love this." She fixes me with a stare, and her eyes quickly dart down to my crotch and back. "I know you will."

"A nice bonus," she explains, showing it to you, "is that it will go well with the panties you already have on. So let's give it a try, ok?" Feeling a bit overpowered, and still stinging slightly from the embarrassment of her having walked in on us, all you do is nod.

Our saleswoman looks over at me and summons me with a come hither gesture. I approach her silently. "Hold this for me, please," she says, and hands me the corset. I take it from her, and she turns back to you while saying "Good boy," giving you a conspiratorial smile.

She is standing close enough to you that you can now smell her perfume, subtle and slightly flowery. You are a good three inches taller than her, and it is the perfect vantage point for you to see right down her shirt. I imagine for a moment your point of view, you being able to see her cleavage; with her top buttons now undone you can probably even glimpse the edges of what is probably a very fancy, sexy bra. I feel a mix of envy and arousal as I see you eyes dart down to her chest.

"Now first," she says, her fingers lightly coming to rest on your bra straps, "let's get this off of you." She lets her fingers travel slowly down the straps, to where they meet the cups of the bra. Then, even slower, she traces the edge of the lace trim, down toward the clasp between your breasts. I see you take in a quick breath as her fingers - barely touching you - cause a wave of pleasure to hit you. She takes her time with the clasp, her knuckles almost, but not quite, brushing your now quite erect nipples. The little smile on her face seems to indicate that she is really enjoying the situation.

Finally she undoes the bra and your breasts pop out right in front of her. Her eyes, like mine, are transfixed. She takes the straps at your shoulders and slowly pulls the bra off of you, her hands stroking your arms all the way down. To pull the bra around to the front, she has to lean in to you a bit, and your two bodies make contact - your hard nipples rubbing against her blouse. You take in another sharp breath as I watch, my cock stiffening in my pants. She looks at you, smiles, and then takes a step back. With the bra dangling from her fingers, she takes you in again with her eyes. You are standing in front of her - and me - in just a tiny thong.

Whatever has happened, the shift in the dressing room is definite. Our saleswoman is in charge, and both of us, feeling strange and uncomfortable for different reasons, can't help but be incredibly turned on.

"Mmm ...ok," she says, shaking her head as if waking herself from a trance. She turns and holds the bra out to me. I instinctually go to take it from her, but she pulls it away before my hand reaches it, a playful look of shock on her face. She holds the bra against herself for a moment, the look on her face making me feel like she caught me trying to do something naughty. She then slowly holds it out to me again, and though for a moment as my fingers get near the cups it seems like she will pull it away once more, she does not. 

"Here," she says in a breathy tone as she releases the piece of lingerie into my hand. She does this in a way that makes it feel like she just did a striptease for me. "Corset, please", she instructs me, and I hand it to her as she turns to focus on you again. As do I. 

"Arms up, please," she whispers to you, and you obey. She wraps the brocade garment around you and then squeezes you at the sides, turning you around so she can tie the back up. I just stand there, not sure what to do, watching her steal glances at your ass while she works.

"You have the perfect body for this," she purrs as she tightens the corset on you. "It will really accentuate you hips and your nice, big...tits." She finishes stringing you in and turns you back around to face her. "Mmm...yes. See what I mean?"

It is hard to know which one of us she is asking, but all I know is she is right. You look delectable, the curve of your hips highlighted by the tight waist, your breasts squeezed into alluring cleavage.

"Now," she says, grabbing a couple other items off the bench, "this corset has garters that attach right to it. A tall, slender woman like you is just made to wear stockings with garters." She leans in, her lips almost touching your ear, her hand on your bare hip. "May I?" You nod slightly and make a little murmur of approval.

With that she gets down on her knees in front of you, garters in hand. She again lightly grabs your hips and turns you around to face the other way, your ass right in her face. She hooks two of the garters to the back of the corset, and they drape down to your upper thigh. She takes her time making sure the garters lie flat against your ass by running her hands up and down them many more times than must be necessary. I can barely contain myself watching her, feeling such an intense desire to be feeling your flesh against mine. She looks up at me as she is essentially stroking your ass, surly aware of the effect it is having on me, and smiles a coy, self-satisfied smile at me. It makes me burn with a mixture of jealousy and excitement.

She turns you around and hooks the other two garters to the front of the corset, her hands and face intimately close to your crotch. When she's done she pauses for a moment, her eyes fixated on the lacy little panties you are wearing. Her tongue touching her upper lip, she proceeds to run a finger lightly along the waistband, from the edge of your thigh to the centre. "These really are beautiful," she says in a hushed voice. "They are just the right amount of see through. Any more and they'd almost be trashy." 

Despite the fact that they seem to be fitting you perfectly, our helper takes the opportunity to adjust the little thong while she's down there, her fingers so close to your most intimate parts. "These still leave something to the imagination... even though, this close up, I can definitely see what a nice... well, you know..." She traces her finger lightly down over your mound before finishing her sentence. "What a nice...pussy you have." She says this last bit quietly, intimately, her finger still lightly resting on your mons. You seem to have been holding your breath since she ran her finger along the edge of the thong, but when she removes it, apparently making sure to graze your clit as she does, you gasp quite loudly. She just looks up at you and gives you a devilish grin.

"Ok," she says, taking the first soft, silk stocking in her hand and rolling it up. "Foot, please." You lift your right foot off the ground and she slips the stocking over it. You put your foot back on the ground and she slowly, methodically rolls the stocking up your leg. We both hear what distinctly sounds like a moan come from her. Everyone's breathing is getting heavier. "Mmm, other one please." Again, you comply, and her hands take the long journey up your leg, lingering at your inner thigh. She takes her time clipping the garters to the stockings, her hands on your thighs for what seems like an eternity. 

Finished dressing you, our helper steps back to look at her creation. Her eyes are full of desire. I am at least as enraptured as she is - with your corset, stockings and tiny black thong you look so sexy it is hardly even bearable. 

"Mmm. You look good enough to eat." She turns to me. "Like I said, you are one lucky guy." She looks at you longingly. "Really lucky."

It is hard to know why - maybe some desire to assert my position as your lover after being relegated to the role of spectator - but all the nervous excitement and swirling sexual tension causes me to respond. "You don't know the half of it."

Our salesperson looks genuinely surprised that I have responded. She raises her eyebrows and turns to face me. "Oh, really?"

I suddenly feel like I've overstepped a line of some sort, and so I answer her with a meek, "Uh, yeah." 

She approaches me, standing intimately close. Her tone is firm. "Tell me." You watch as I stand there, not sure what to say. She looks over at you and then back at me. Her tone is still firm, but there is a hint of longing in it. "Please, tell me." She puts her hand on my arm. "Please."

I take a deep breath. "Well, it's just that, well, I've never been with anyone who knows how to touch me the way she does." Our helper closes her eyes for the briefest moment when I say that, sighing as if someone has touched her. I continue. "I mean, she just has some natural... she just really knows how to..."

"Touch your cock?" She says these words as if they are a secret she hopes is true. 

"Yes," I manage to get out, my breathing heavy.

"Say it," she whimpers at me. "Please just say it."

I swallow hard. "She really knows how to touch my cock."

Our helper moans audibly at this - and so do you. The three of us are locked in breathless sexual tension, like experiencing the longest and most delicious foreplay imaginable.

The saleswoman turns back to look at you, standing as you are in a corset and stockings. She addresses me. "Do you wish she was touching it right now? Your cock?"

I look back and forth between you and her, feeling that we are all teetering on the brink of...something. Nervous excitement so thick we can barely see each other through it.

"Yes. I do." 

"Mmmm, god." She turns back to you, standing close enough that she could kiss you if she wanted to. She leans in to speak to you, her fingers making contact with your leg, unconsciously running along the space where stocking top meets skin. Even though she is practically whispering in your ear, there is a hunger in her voice that borders on desperation. "I want to watch you. Watch you touch him. Please. Will you let me? Let me watch you play with his cock. Mmmm...please?" The tipping point is upon us, and staying true to the dynamics that now exist, you simply nod your consent. Our helper moans again - and I do too.

She steps away from you and approaches me, taking my hand. "Come here," she purrs as she leads me in front of the bench. As you look on she drops to her knees in front of me and undoes my belt. She then proceeds to slowly unzip my fly, her hand brushing against the bulge in my pants as she does so. She pulls my pants down, leaving me in my boxers, my covered erection inches from her face. She looks me in the eye as she traces the edge of my waistband with her fingers outward to my hipbones, and then slowly pulls them down. My cock, fully erect, pops out in front of her, and she licks her lips as she stares at it. Breathless, I watch her eyes drink in my bulbous head, long, hard shaft and perfectly smooth balls. On her knees in front of me, she is in the perfect position to kiss, lick, or take me into her mouth, and although she looks like there is nothing she would rather do, she merely bites her lower lip and rises, leading me to the bench.

I sit down, legs spread, my cock pointing straight up. Our helper walks over to you and takes your hand, leading you over to me. "Tell her to get on her knees," she tells me, and I do exactly that. 
