 Richard hadn't told me much at all! He told me that I would be picked up at eight and I was just follow instructions. So here I was, standing on the corner again, dressed and made up in a fashion that was most obviously having an effect on the men going by. I was wearing my lacy black top with no bra underneath. It made me feel very exposed as the warm night air made my nipples stand erect. My short, very short, leather skirt just covered the tops of my black sheer stocking. These were held up with a matching red silky knickers and suspender set. My red high heels finished off the look. 

The high heels and short skirt forced me to stand very upright with my shoulders back. I could see the results mirrored in the shop window I stood in front of. Richard will be pleased! My breast stood out and my nipples pressed against the lacy material. The lace curved in to echo my waist and the leather skirt contoured my slender hips and firm bottom. The effect of the short skirt and high heels made my legs look longer and tantalisingly shapely. Tantalising, Yes! That's how I was feeling! I was starting to enjoy the attention I was receiving and started modelling myself for more of it!

Standing there proud and sexy, I didn't notice the large white, darkened windowed limousine as it pulled up along side of me. 'Sue?' a soft deep voice asked. I was taken aback by a tall, broad man holding the back door open with one hand, while the other was outstretched to me! 'Yes!' I replied and took his hand with out question. I passed him and stepped in to rear of the car. I was very aware that as I stooped to get in, my escort must have got a good view of my stocking tops. The soft whistle that he made confirmed my thoughts. 'Please sit down here!' Another voice! Another man! He was seating there, dark tanned, chiselled looks, very nice! I followed his instruction and sat down beside him. The other man closed the door and sat the other side of me. Here I was between to men, two strangers!

Where's Richard? I ask with concern! He said he will come later! The dark man said with a knowing smile! 'My name is Tony' the dark one said 'And he is Marcus.' 'Would you like a drink?' Marcus asked at the same time handing me a drink. I couldn't refuse. 'Thank you!' ' And what's his name? I asked pointing to the uniformed and capped driver. ' O he's just the driver!' The smiling eyes of the driver met mine in the rear view mirror.

Driving along and I had no idea where I was. The inside of the car was incredible.! The seat I was on was soft leather and large enough for about six people. There was masses of leg room in front. A music system filled the interior with soft seductive sounds. A well stocked bar lay open. Both of my escorts enjoyed a drink and I enjoyed my second! My head was swimming and although I was in a strange car with strange men, I felt relaxed. 'Have you spiked my drinks? I half asked, knowing they wouldn't tell me if they had! 'No!' Marcus said with a very big smile! 'Relax, enjoy yourself!' Tony continued. 'We intend to!' he said in a soft quiet voice. And both men looked at each other and smiled!

The next think I became aware of was Marcus telling me to put my arms behind them, on the back of the seat. This I did without question. Tony had his hand on my waist and was slowly making his way towards my breast. Marcus had his hand firmly on my leg, gently, but forcibly parting them. I didn't resist, I couldn't. I lay my head back onto the soft leather seat and Marcus kissed me passionately! It took my breath, but I found that rather than fight, I was returning his passion. ' She's hot!' Marcus gasped. My lips remained partly open in the hope of more. I wasn't disappointed. Tony took over where Marcus left off. His tongue darted into my mouth, assimilating it as if it was my pussy! I heard myself moan. Marcus was busily unbuckling my leather skirt and as he completed the task, I raised my hips so that he could remove it fully! 'Fucking hell! Look at this! She is so fucking sexy! Both of them were looking at me with eyes full of passion and desire. I realised that I was going to get well and truly seen to. 

The car hummed along, it was nice, sensual, the movement of the car as we drove along, me being devoured by two strangers, while outside all was oblivious. Tony pressed something and the seat started to move forward, while at the same time the back of the seat followed it down. I was now lying flat on my back on a seat that had turned into a large comfortable bed. Marcus and Tony were quickly but silently removing their cloths. I couldn't believe it! The ceiling of the car was a large mirror and I could see myself lying there, wanton, sexy and waiting. I raised my head to look into the drivers mirror, and sure enough his smiling eyes were looking at me. I smiled back, I knew he must be getting a real good view of what was going on.

Tony was on his knees next to my head. I gasp at the size of his manhood! 'You like?' I couldn't answer, I just smiled. He took my hand and placed it on his cock. It jumped in response to my touch. It was hard and throbbing. I started wanking him automatically! 'good girl' he said in a husky rampant voice. 

Marcus was unbuttoning my blouse and exposing my firm breast. His mouth found my errect nipples and he sucked and licked them lovingly. His hands moved down my stomach, down my thigh and onto my legs. I wanted to be touched! My legs parted as if inviting him in and he took the invite without hesitation. His fingers caressed over the silky red knickers and down between my now swollen pussy lips. 'This slut is so juicy, I think she wants a good fucking!!' 'Are you a slut and a wanton tart?' Tony asked in a voice that had now passed the point of reason. He was going to fuck me whatever I said, but I was not worried, in fact the opposite, I wanted it! 'Well!?' Marcus asked ' Are you a slut that wants fucking?' ' Oh Yes! Please fuck me! Do whatever you like! I'm Richard's tart and I do what ever he tells me to do and I know he wants you to fuck me!' 'Suck this!' said Tony as he pushed his cock into my mouth. I could hardly open my mouth wide enough, but that wasn't going to stop me trying!

Marcus had removed my soaked knickers and put them in his pocket. Now between my bent legs, I could feel that my pussy had opened up. His fingers busily explored me. Probing, pulling and inserting he finger fucked me again and again! I winced and moaned , but not in pain, but pleasure! His tongue darted over my love button, then he sucked it and made my shiver in delight. I could feel the ecstasy welling up inside of me! Marcus stopped and knelled between my open inviting legs. 

'God do I want to fuck this pussy!' I felt the large head of his manhood push against my open pussy, but it felt to big. But Marcus was not going to miss this fuck. He pushed again and his cock forced its way in. I tried to gasp, but Tony was no fucking my mouth furiously. I help his large balls willing then to release the lovely creamy spunk into my hungry mouth. Marcus, went deeper and harder with each thrust. I was well and truly being fucked and loving every minute of it! I could feel Tony trust and I felt his hot spunk feel my mouth, I couldn't do anything but swallow, and I did hungrily. Marcus matched Tony by exploding his creamy seed deep into my belly and I came again and again. I lay there legs open, cunt open, mouth open! 

They were both asking me what I wanted and asking me if I liked it!! Do you want to be fucked? Do you like being fucked? Do you like being a tart? Do you like being Richard's Slut? Are you going to do this again? All I could say was Yes! Oh Yes!

They changed places and started to hump me again! I was theirs! They could have me! Take me! Do what they want with me! And they did! Again and again!

I awoke feeling warm, comfortable and satisfied! I realised where I was, seeing myself lying there naked and wanton. Tony and Marcus had gone! The driver turned around and asked 'Are you ready to go home madam?' He removed his cap and I saw that glint in his eyes and that cheeky smile that I recognised! You!? You missed a fantastic night! I told him. 'No!' Richard said triumphantly, 'I videotaped it, see the camera up in the corner! You're such a pervert! 'I know! He replied with a big smile, would you want me any other way?