 My pager went off during lunch. I can just never seem to get any peace, but I can't expect any in my line of work – I sell real estate. I looked at the number, but didn't recognize it. There was a "911" following it, so I figured I should call right away. I excused myself from the table of co-workers and grabbed my cell.

Ring – ring – ring …

"Hello?" There was a female voice on the other end. It sounded familiar, but I didn't take any chances.

"Hi. This is Al from Classic Home Realty. Did someone there page me with an emergency call?"

"Yes," she said. "I need you to come and look at my house as soon as you can. I need to get this thing on the market right away." Her voice had a strange sense of urgency and nervousness combined. She then proceeded to give me her address.

"Well, I'll need to run to my office. I can be at your place in about an hour. Would that be fine?"

"Yes. I'll see you in one hour, and don't be late. You may want to cancel whatever else you have going on today, this may take a while."

Before I had a chance to say anything else, she hung up. Hell, I didn't even get her name! What a professional, huh? I could tell by the address that the house was in a very exclusive subdivision. As the dollar signs started flashing before my eyes, I went back to the table, threw some money down for my lunch and I quickly left the restaurant.

The trip to the house was filled with my presentation rehearsal, and trying to figure out why the voice sounded so familiar. My one question was answered when I arrived at the home and knocked on the door. As the door opened, I instantly recognized the young woman's face as Traci – a friend of mine who's a stripper. Now, I know what you're thinking, but I met her BEFORE I knew she stripped for a living. REALLY!

Anyhow, she ran up to give me a hug and a kiss. "Al, it's so good to see you," she said.

"Holy shit! How the hell are you, Traci? I heard you were married, you could have told me back then, you know. What's it been, 3 years? And you still look fantastic." Boy did she! I spun her around so I could get a look at her gorgeous body. She stood about 5-4, weighed only 105 lbs. I guessed, very tone arms and legs. And of course, her 34C breasts were out of this world. Her shorts and crop-top T-shirt made it difficult for me to look at her beautiful blue-green eyes. I almost believe that's what attracted her to me in the first place – those eyes matched with her dark brown hair.

"Yeah, married. What a farce that was," she told me, with more a look of disgust than sadness. She then proceeded to tell me about the doomed marriage, on how she felt like she was imprisoned for 3 years, (blah, blah, blah), as we moved to the great room. I caught a few words here and there, but I really focused on that hot body of hers. Every time she'd move her hands and arms, her tits would jiggle like 2 puppy dogs in a blanket. I just couldn't help myself, and neither would my cock, as it slowly grew in my pants.

We talked and laughed for about another 20 minutes, while we moved closer to each other. We'd stop every so often, stare at each other, and then I'd try to come up with something else to talk about. "So, you need to sell your house? This place looks great. Why would you want to sell? Are there too many bad memories still lingering?" I asked.

"Oh, uh, yeah. That's what I called you here for, didn't I?" she said. "Well, I DO need to sell the house, but I really just wanted to see you again," she finally admitted.

Before I could react, she leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. After the initial shock, I closed my eyes and kissed her back. Our mouths opened as our tongues searched for the other. Before we got too much into it, the door wall from the backyard flew open. I thought I was dead for sure, caught red handed with someone else's woman! Then I heard my name called by another familiar voice – female, thank God! When I focused, I realized it was Traci's best friend Kelly. She ran over to me (in her white string bikini) and gave me a huge hug. "You remember Kelly, don't you Al? I guess I forgot to mention that she was staying here with me." Oh I couldn't forget Kelly, either. Another stripper, she was 5-6, 110 lbs with sandy blonde hair and dark brown eyes. She wasn't as tone as Traci, but I didn't care. Her 34B tits matched her body shape perfectly. "How could I forget Kelly?" I commented.

"Oh stop it, you big flirt. Let me go get changed, I'll be right back," she said.

"You don't have to change on my account," I winked. I stared as Kelly hit me on the arm and ran off to I don't know where. I turned to Traci, "So she's staying with you?!?"

"Yup. After my divorce to asshole, I was going to try and keep the home. I told Kelly she could stay here. We both got back into dancing to pay the bills, but I'm getting tired of that. I'm starting to get too old to be dancing," she laughed.

"Oh please, you're only 26 (same as Kelly). When you get as old as I am (36), then you can talk about getting old!" we both had a good laugh on that one.

Kelly came back with a nice tight T-shirt and shorts of her own. I tried to divert everything back to business. "Why don't we take a look at the house? You can give me the grand tour," I suggested.

"Fine, but only after a drink," Kelly said. "What'll you have? A vodka-tonic on the rocks short with a lime, I believe?"

"After 3 years, you still remember? I didn't think I was that predictable!"

"Well, you always drank that when I knew you then. I just assumed that's what you wanted." Kelly laughed, and then disappeared into the den. While Traci and I chatted, I heard a blender run briefly. Kelly returned with my drink and two margaritas for them.

"Are you two planning on blowing the rest of the day off?" I laughed.

"Well, we were hoping you'd join us. You didn't go and get married on us, did you?" Traci asked.

"Nope, not yet. I was waiting for either one of you to ask ME!" we all laughed, and drank some more. Before I knew it, I had four drinks in me and was feeling pretty good. Traci and Kelly each finished their third margarita and were feeling no pain, either. I finally mentioned about the house tour again. They looked at each other with smiles on their faces and agreed.

All of us were staggering through the house, bumping into the walls and each other, laughing as drunken people do. Thank God I had lunch, because there wasn't much tonic in any of my drinks. 

We finally got to the master bedroom. I walked in to take a look around as they stood in the doorway. It was a large room with a circular bed in the middle of the floor. Since the room was in a corner of the house, there was nothing but windows on two of the walls with an absolutely breath-taking view. They walked up behind me, one on either side. They each took one of my arms and stared out the window with me. "Beautiful, isn't it?" I asked. They both agreed, but I didn't get the feeling that they were talking about the same thing. I looked down, and I saw something that gave me an instant hard on. Traci and Kelly were standing on either side of me staring lustfully into each other's eyes. They looked up at me, then back at each other and started kissing. Now, I knew Traci was bisexual, and they were best friends, but I never imagined they were THIS close! First they kissed on the lips, and then backed away slightly so I could see their tongues flailing at each other. With their free hands, they started to fondle the other one's body. That explained the shorts and T-shirts! I lifted my arms, and then set them back down around each of their waists so they could be closer together. Who was I to come between them; I was hoping to come ON them at this point.

With Traci on my left, Kelly on my right and a hard-on that was about to bust the zipper on my pants, I was in heaven. They stopped kissing then looked at me. Kelly said," I think he likes the little show so far," as she reached and started slowly stroking my cock though my pants. Traci followed suit and started to massage my balls. My eyes rolled back in my head as I groaned in pleasure. They both purred like kittens as they resumed their kissing. I let me hands roam over their bodies, caressing what I could reach as we stood in front of the window. In unison, as if they were connected, they undid my pants and let them drop to my feet. Next came the boxers, and I stepped out of them somehow with my shoes still on! They each knelt down in front of me. "I can't believe this," I thought to myself. They gazed at my 7½ inches for a moment, and then Traci said, "I never knew you were this big! I'd have called you sooner!"

With that, she and Kelly started to lick the head of my cock. Kelly was squeezing at the base of my shaft making the head extra sensitive with the added blood. They licked and sucked at the head, and then around the crown, slowly moving down the shaft. My knees were starting to buckle at their expert oral talents. Getting sucked off by one of these lovelies had been a fantasy I had stroked myself to in the past, but both of them working on me was almost too much. My balls started to stir, and Traci noticed this. She moved further down and started licking each one, and then she'd suck one lightly into her mouth. At the same time, Kelly wrapped her lips around my cock and took as much of me as she could down her throat in one move! I had a hold of them by their hair as they continued to go down on me. I could see they were rubbing all over each other with their free hands. Kelly started bobbing her head faster and faster – Traci could tell I was getting close and she took over. She put her one hand over Kelly's on my cock and they both starting pumping. They both sat with their faces up close, staring and waiting for me to explode – I didn't disappoint them! "Shit, I'm going to cum … Oh God … I'm cumming, I'm cum …" was all I said before I released. My first shot hit both Kelly and Traci across the face – their pumping action was moving my cock from side to side. They both greedily tried to suck down the rest of my cum as I let go.

"You taste so good, Al. I can't wait to get some more," said Traci. She started licking and sucking my sensitive cock again, trying to clean me up, as Kelly starting licking Traci's face clean. When Traci was done with me, she returned the favor to Kelly. I finally came out of my daze as they both stood up. Kelly started to kiss me, when Traci decided to join in. All three of our tongues meshed with the others as I worked to pull their shorts off with each hand. They stopped the kiss and pulled away from me. Then, as if they could read each other's mind (more like they already had this planned), they pushed me back until I flopped onto the bed.

They stood there for a brief moment staring at me with smiled on their faces. Kelly went towards the door, while Traci moved to a dresser to grab a remote control. What the hell were they up to? I found out in a hurry! Kelly turned the lights down low with a dimmer switch, and Traci called out, "SHOW TIME!" Traci started to hit some buttons on the remote – magically music came on (you guessed it, good old hard-rockin' strip joint music), lights came on out of nowhere and there were the two of them standing next to the bed. I moved to the middle, as they hopped up and stood over me on either side. As they started to dance for me, I noticed my cock was almost back to full attention. First, Traci reached out and pulled Kelly's shirt off and started playing with her tits. First she rubbed them with her hands and rolled the nipples between her fingers. Then she started to lick them. "Oooohhh …" was all that came out of Kelly's mouth when Traci bit down on one. Traci released, and it was Kelly's turn. She started to take off Traci's shirt, but stopped as it covered her face and held her arms in place. Kelly started to lick Traci's nipples this time, taking a hold of a nipple-ring and giving it a good yank with her teeth. I was so turned on; I started stroking my own cock!

They took turns dancing over me, slowly removing their shorts and squatting over my face with each of their neatly trimmed pussies. Their hands were all over each other and me. After the tease was done, they both got on their hands and knees on either side of me. With their asses towards me, I could see how dripping wet their pussies were! I reached out and started rubbing each of them with my hands. I'd first rub all over their swollen lips with my palms, and then played with them with my fingers. While I did that, I'd give each of them a little smack on the ass for good measure. I easily slipped two fingers into their soaking cunts as I rubbed their clits with my thumbs. They started squirming around, when I felt two sets of lips all over my cock again. But this time, it wasn't to get me off. It was just to get me ready for what came next. I heard Kelly say, "I can't take it. I need to feel his cock inside me." She moved away from me and turned around to face me. I watched her standing over my cock – the flashing lights and loud music just added to the excitement. Traci grabbed a hold of the base and held the shaft straight up, while Kelly lowered herself down. In one move, she impaled herself onto me. Damn she was tight, and hot! Traci moved to the side of Kelly, and I put my hands on Kelly's thighs. Kelly leaned back as she slowly started to fuck herself on my shaft. Traci moved in closer. Kelly leaned back some more, which gave me a clear-cut view of my cock going in and out of her sweet pussy. Next thing I know, Traci hovered her face up close to our fucking and started to dart her tongue back and forth over Kelly's engorged clit. What a sight! I had always thought about something like this, but never thought it could ever be this good. And what topped it off was the fact that I was with two beautiful strippers THAT I KNEW!!! Traci had moved her ass back over until she was on top of my face with her own pussy. I wasted no time in eating her out, slurping up as much of her love juice that I could. As Traci kept working her own tongue, I could tell that Kelly was about to have her own climax. She rocked a little faster, and then suddenly stopped. Without warning, she started to convulse with her orgasm, as she screamed over the music," OH … MY … GOD … I'M … CUMMING!" When she came, her entire body tensed up and I could feel the muscles in her pussy grip me like a vice. Her own explosion had my entire crotch drenched. I could actually feel it dripping down my balls and the crack of my ass.

"Did you like that, baby? Did Al's cock make you feel good?" Traci asked. 

"Uh huh," was all Kelly could get out.

"Good, then get the hell off, because it's MY turn to feel that bad boy inside me!" Traci turned to me and almost demanded, "I need a good fuck, Al. Can you do that for an old friend?"

"I know I can," I replied. When she got up to move, I grabbed a pillow and placed it in the center of the bed. Then I grabbed Traci by the hips and practically threw her down, with her ass elevated by that pillow. "I just hope YOU'RE ready, because I've been dreaming about this for a very long time!" I quickly moved up, placed the head of my cock at her hole and thrust into her all at once. "Shit yes! Fuck me hard with that big cock of yours!" she said. I leaned forward for more leverage as I started to pound away at her pussy. I was staring at her tits bouncing to my rhythm, when I felt something hit my head. I looked up and saw Kelly's ass – she had positioned herself over Traci's face. I watched as I could see Traci's tongue lap at Kelly's pussy. I decided to join in on the fun and started to lick and suck at Kelly's asshole. She squealed and started grinding herself against both our faces. I could feel Traci rubbing her own clit now as we fucked and sucked at Kelly's holes. I knew I couldn't last much longer, and neither could they. All of us were moaning, with Kelly being the loudest as she climaxed first. She bucked wildly which made me fuck Traci harder and faster – if that was possible at this point. Kelly finally moved away, and got around to the side so she could get a close-up of the action. Traci screamed out as she suddenly came. Her legs wrapped around my waist as she pulled me in deep. 

Kelly spoke up, saying, "You two look so hot fucking each other. Al, I want you to pull out right before you cum. I want to watch you shoot your wad all over Traci."

"Your wish … is my … command," I grunted out. I kept fucking as I felt my balls start to tighten – I knew I was about to explode again. As I pulled out of Traci, Kelly quickly grabbed my cock with her hand and started to pump. "I'm cumming, girls, I'm cumming! OH SHIT!" I yelled. I shot out all over Traci's body, from her tits down to her pussy with the first shot. Kelly kept pumping me for more as she tried to catch some with her tongue like she was trying to catch snowflakes in the winter.

We all collapsed on the bed on top of each other, exhausted from our workout. Traci was the first to get up, eventually, and turned the music down and the flashing lights off. The regular lights came up. "Hey, did we show you the basement?"

Kelly then said, "Yeah! There's a hot tub down there. We can all relax together!"

"OK," I replied. "Let me make a quick call and I'll meet the two of you in a minute." I took my cell phone, called my secretary and had her cancel all my appointments for the next day. If downstairs led to one more round with these two, I'd be laid up in a hospital for a week!

I got to the basement and the girls were already in the hot tub with the bubbles going. They were sipping on another round of margaritas, and had another vodka-tonic waiting for me. I took my drink and slipped between them in the hot tub. Traci presented another remote control.

"What is it with you and remote controls?" I joked.

"Hey, it beats having to get up to do stuff," she said. She hit one button and the lights went down. She hit another button and 4 big screen TVs came to life. 

"What's showing?" I asked.

"Just wait!" Traci said. I got nervous. She hit one more button, and there we were on all the screens – all at different angles.

"Good. I was hoping this would work. She just had those installed last week. You know, for security reasons," Kelly laughed.

I was excited, but a little scared. That felling quickly subsided as they moved closer to me, and their hands disappeared into the water and started to rub my thighs and cock. The warm water felt good, but their hands felt even better. As they both rubbed my shaft to full mast again, I reached down into the water myself, and started to rub their pussies. We stayed like that while we watched ourselves fuck and suck each other on the screens. What a night!

Traci decided not to sell the house just yet. Hell, I didn't care. I still go by there every so often when either one of them call – but usually it's both!