 Place: The western Nebraska frontier in 1868

Sarah Wills was making bread that morning,while Jim was away on a trip to purchase some stock for their little Nebraska holding. The sun was warm and a breeze was blowing off of the prairie.

She heard the commotion of someone coming a bit before the four riders actually showed up and stopped in front of her place. There were two white men, with beards, a Mexican, and a black man.

Sarah went to the doorway to wait for them to approach.

They greeted her very politely. It was one of the white men who spoke up for the group:

"Good day to you, ma'am, we was wondering if it's at all possible for us to water our horses before we travel on."

"Sure can," Sarah said brightly, "Well's along side the house. While you're doing that, if you'd like I've got some fresh bread here and can give you a bite to eat."

"Why that'd be just wonderful, ma'am," the other white man said, and the Mexican led the horses around the side to water them, as the others, brushed off the dust and dirt of travel and entered the house.

"Nice place you have here," the white man said.

"Thank you," Sarah replied pleasantly.

"Your man around?" was the next question.

"No, he's off buying some stock," was her answer, as she busied herself cutting bread and putting out some butter to go with it. She also had some coffee that she set out for the riders. They sat to the food and were grateful for what she was providing for them. 

Sarah and Jim Wills were fairly newly married. Living out here on the frontier in their own place was a dream come true for both of them. They were self-sufficient people.

She was dressed that day in a gingham dress with a simple apron over it. Sarah, at 26 years of age, was a lovely woman. She weighed about 133 pounds, which looked really good on her 5'8" frame. She was sturdy across the hips and in the butt and fairly large across the breast. She had a pile of auburn hair that she had clasped about her head in a kind of bun.

She served the men until they had had enough to eat, and busied herself replenishing their coffee. They were extremely grateful for the way that she'd taken care of them.

"This is very neighborly of you, ma'am," one white man, who introduced himself as Curly, said.

The other white man, whose name was Earl, asked her name.

"It's Sarah," she said to him.

"Well, we're pleased to meet you, Sarah," Earl said. "But we'd best get goin' on. We thank you again for your kindness here."

They got up and, taking their hats, went out to fetch their horses.

They walked the horses around to the front of the house from where they'd been tied up by the well at the side and mounted.

Sarah stood in front of her door, advancing just a little to bid them farewell.

It was the Mexican who did it. He was on the far side of the white men, Earl and Curly. He took a lariat from his saddle and with a deft movement tossed it until he'd put it around Sarah's hands.

"Got her!" Earl said, "Good throw, Juan!"

The three of them were gleeful.

Sarah was too startled at first to do anything, and lost her opportunity, as the four riders turned the heads of their horses and began to ride slowly away.

They'd already been aware of the fact that Jim Wills was away and had decided to pay his wife Sarah this visit.

They rode slowly, going on their way, with the Mexican, Juan, pulling Sarah, who was compelled to walk behind them, along with them.

"Stop this!" she shouted at them, and they laughed.

"Please!" she shouted next and got a curt answer from Curly: "Quiet woman and just do as your told, so that you don't come to any harm."

When Sarah called out to them, as she did periodically, Juan would urge his horse on a bit and make Sarah trot for just a little bit of time. This had the effect of rendering her quiet each time that it happened.

They went on in this fashion out into the prairie for about a mile, when they stopped. 

They all got down with the black man, whose name seemed to be Poke, holding the horses.

Sarah found herself surrounded by them. Her face was a mask of mostly fear, with a tinge of anger. The anger surged, as soon as they stood around her.

"You stop this foolishness right now!" she said. "I treated you in a neighborly fashion, and you go and do this."

Earl slapped Sarah's face. She was quiet right away.

"Well, missy," he said, "We know how to treat a woman and we'll show you that soon enough. But we've had enough of your lip so let me just do this."

He took a dirty bandana out of his pocket and tied it around Sarah's head, gagging her mouth with it. Her eyes were now bit with fear.

"No, Sarah," he said, "We're not going to hurt you, unless we have to.We just want to have some fun and then you can go home. So, if you cooperate, you'll be fine. If you don't, it could be a pretty long, painful morning for you. Understand?"

She shook her head 'yes' immediately and made inarticulate noises against the gag, and Curly said:

"Speak up, woman, we can't understand you!"

They all laughed at his witticism. While they were laughing, Poke that fooled with Sarah's hair and pulled it out of her braided bun, freeing it to hang down.The hair was rich and went almost down to her waist.

"Better!" Curly said.

"Lovely," was Earl's comment.

Juan just grinned and Poke took the opportunity to stroke Sarah's face with his hand. She shuddered, and they all laughed.

They mounted up then and rode on with Sarah plodding along behind them, her hair sensually whipping in the prairie breeze. 

They took turns riding slowly so that they could, at times, ride around her and behind her to watch her struggle on and on.

"Hey, Juan," Curly called, at one point, "Take that damn apron off of her; can't tell nothing about her figure with that apron on her."

They stopped the process for a few minutes and Juan, getting down from his horse, took the apron from Sarah, and folded it, putting it behind his saddle. He then turned to the wary woman, released her gag and leaned in for a kiss. She averted her head and said an involuntary 'no'.

Curly acted immediately. He released the bonds on Sarah's hands and then he grabbed Sarah and pushed her to her knees. He looked around and picked up a largish flat rock and put her hand down on it. Then he took out a huge knife and set it down against her little finger. Sarah's eyes were wide with fear.

"Missy," Curly said in a nasty voice, "You weren't very friendly to my friend Juan, who only wanted a little kiss. Remember that I told you before that we weren't going to hurt you unless we had to?"

Sarah shook her head, 'yes'. 

Curly slapped her face, knocking her sideways. "You speak to me, woman, when I'm talking to you! Or you'll regret it."

"Yes, I remember," she said softly. 

"So, here's the way it is," he continued, "Every time that you don't cooperate, I'm going to cut off a finger. When I'm done with both of your hands, I'll go to your feet and cut off toes. In the end, you won't have fingers or toes but you will do what we want. Do you savvy, Missy?"

"Yes, I understand," she said, her compliance now total fear and a clear understanding of what she would have to do, how she would need to cooperate. 

"So, you just go and apologize to our friend Juan who only wanted a friendly kiss," he said next.

"Juan," Sarah said quickly, "I'm sorry for reacting that way; there was no cause for it."

"Better," Curly said, "Now ask him nicely for a kiss, and remember your little finger depends on this kiss!"

"Juan, I acted badly," she said softly to the smiling Mexican "Would you please kiss me again? I'd like that."

"Of course!" Juan said eagerly, and went to her putting his arms around her.

Sarah was serious about the kiss. She slipped her arms around his neck to kiss him. She was, in fact, a very passionate woman, and in this instance, prompted by her fear and the situation, she kissed Juan with all the passion that she could muster, accepting his tongue into her mouth in the process.

"Wow!" Earl said, "That's a kiss!"

When the kiss was broken off, Juan said: "You kiss very well, pretty lady."

"Thank you," Sarah said.

"Me next," Curly said and claimed his own version of the kiss with Sarah fully participating.

Then Earl stepped forward to claim the next kiss and finally Poke got to kiss her last.

Sarah, to her own amazement, found that Juan and Poke were the best kissers in the group.

"Let's keep going," Curly said, "We want to put some distance behind us. Now you just keep your mouth closed, little lady, savvy?"

"Yes," Sarah said, as they rode out again and Juan continued to pull her along. 

They went along at a slow pace, stopping about every half mile or so to all get another kiss from Sarah, who was becoming really flushed from all the attention.

After a while, Curly called to Juan:

"Hey, compadre, can't we do better with this woman to make her look prettier?"

"Of course we can," Juan said, and stopped to get down from his horse.

He approached Sarah, who as usual was wary of what was going to happen. Curly reminded her:

"Remember what I said, Missy!"

"Yes," Sarah said, "I'll remember; I won't give no trouble."

"Better not," was Curly's answer.

Juan knelt down and looked up at Sarah's fear dominated face and took out his big knife. He began to cut the material of her dress at the waist, until finally he had cut the skirt part of her dress off altogether, leaving Sarah in her linen under drawers. She was blushing furiously. 

The men gave an approving laugh and they continued their little parade. During their journey, they were laughing and talking among themselves. Juan was now in the lead with the rope that was attached to Sarah's hands, pulling her along but at a decent pace for her. Poke, Earl and Curly were riding behind and making comments about Sarah's ass in her under drawers.

"Nice butt, Missy!" Curly said.

"Thank you!" Sarah said quickly, attempting to do her level best to keep this as friendly as possible.

"Polite, ain't she?" Earl said.

"Sure is," Poke said, "And downright pretty in those undies."

"Hey, Juan," Curly broke in with at that point, "Let's stop to give each of us a chance to kiss the pretty lady in her under drawers."

They stopped, untied her hands and soon, Sarah was being embraced and kissed by each of them, and getting red faced again in the process. Then they hitched her up again and walked on for about another quarter of a mile.

"Hey, Juan," Curly called out.

"Time for an adjustment?" Juan wanted to know.

"Yes, don't you think?" Curly said.

"Well," the Mexican said then, "Let's see what we can do here." 

They all stopped and Sarah eyed them with fear and suspicion. 

Juan got down from his horse and smiled at her, as he approached her, taking his knife out as he advanced. She winced.

"Hush, hush, pretty Sarah," Juan said, "I'm not going to hurt you, just do a little adjusting here."

He inserted the knife just below the neckline of her dress and cut across; when he got to her shoulder, he cut downward until he'd cut under her bust line and then he cut back across. 

The effect of his cutting was to remove the dress fabric from over her breasts altogether. She had on a linen under type of slip, which Juan proceeded to cut in the same fashion. A cheer went up from the other three men, as the fabric was taken away revealing Sarah's large breasts and her dark nipples.

"Look at those titties!" Earl said.

"Wow!" he said, walking forward and joining Juan in petting and squeezing one of Sarah's breasts. 

"Ohhhhh!" she said involuntarily, when Juan pinched at nipple.

"She likes that, Juan," Earl said, as he and Curly now joined the group of them groping at Sarah's exposed breasts.

"Hate to stop the fun but more later; we'd better get going on," Curly said.

Juan took the opportunity to kiss Sarah's left nipple before going back to his horse. It got another loud moan from Sarah, who was losing a battle here to all of the sensual treatment that she was receiving.

They plodded on for a while, them men riding so that they could watch Sarah's tits bounce from her effort at following Juan and his horse. The men were enjoying the game immensely. 

After another quarter of a mile, Juan turned to look at Curly, who this time only nodded his head. They all stopped and Sarah gave them a worried look, having taken the time in the interim to regain her composure. Juan approached her, smiling as usual, with his big knife. He cut this time along the waist band of her linen drawers. Then he cut a panel across just above her knees. It left her ass cheeks hanging out, framed by the white of her linen under drawers.

"Whooohoo!" Earl said, "Man, that's an ass!" Then to Sarah, he said:

"Sarah, you're just loaded; look at the tits and ass on you!"

"Thank you," she said quietly.

Then Juan moved up to her and untied her hands. He claimed her for a kiss, as Curly and Earl were each playing with an ass cheek, and Poke had his hands on her tits, seeking out her nipples.

"Mmmmmmmmmm"! She said deep in her throat, her mouth open wide to let Juan's tongue slide in and around. 

Curly again broke up their game, and they tied Sarah's hands and went on. They rode on a bit, Earl, Curly and Poke now riding behind her to watch the twitch of her ass cheeks, as she walked along, the ass cheeks framed by the white of her under drawers, and her hands still tied to Juan's horse. Curly rode up to her, close to her side and, reaching down with a quirt in his hand, gave Sarah a resounding slap on the ass with the quirt.

"Eeeeeeee!" she wailed and the men all laughed.

"I like that," Earl said, "Like that noise! Do it again, Curly!"

Curly did, he hit Sarah's unprotected ass a few more times and finally he said:

"Juan, finish it!"

Juan was grinning at the suggestion and said:

"Gladly!

He stopped his horse and got down, going to Sarah, who was red faced from the use of the quirt on her naked ass. He took out his knife and using a few well placed snips, soon had the rest of Sarah's clothing littered around her on the ground, leaving the comely woman totally naked.

"Sarah," Curly said then walking around her, "you are so god damned pretty naked; you should always be this way! We're gonna soon stop and have some play time. You won't mind, will you, Sarah."

He had his hand on her tit, rubbing a nipple as he spoke, it made Sarah blush and she quickly said:

"No, I won't mind; you do what you want to."

"Oh, we're gonna do that," Earl said, kissing her. 

She yielded to the kiss and was almost overcome by the feel of hands on her ass and on her tits and now even rummaging among the hairs of her pussy. 

"Let's get her there," Curly said, "I'm about damn ready."

"Good idea," Earl said, and the other agreed.

Sarah was pulled along for a while again behind Juan's horse. The sight for the men was even more than they had anticipated that it would be, watching her walk behind Juan's horse totally naked. 

They went on until they came to a camp that was among the rocks and fairly sheltered on all sides. They untied her hands and let her standing among them naked, as the horses were taken care of.

"Time now!" Curly said, and Juan echoed: "Time!"

Curly turned to Poke then and said: "Poke, bring me a flat rock; I'm going to perform some surgery here."

"Whyyyyyy?" Sarah wailed, and then frantically went on: "I've done everything you've asked, haven't I?" She looked from one of them to another in a frantic search for any kind of help and found none.

"Well, it's this way, Sarah," Curly said, "Up to now all we've done is some kissing and petting, not really big things but now we want all your cooperation. We none of us kin go into town for a whore and we're in need of one. So, we went and fetched you. But it's been play up 'til now. Now we intend to get serious and each of us wants to get laid. I'm just not sure that you're going to cooperate; so, we'll begin by cutting off one little finger to remind you about what the consequences might be for not being real nice to us."

She held up her hands, as if to ward off some evil from the lot of them and said frantically:

"Look, you've got me here, got me the way that you want me. I don't have no clothes on, don't even have any, Juan has them all and they're all cut up. It's the way you want it. I've done everything and will keep on doin' everything. There's no need to get so nasty. Please."

"What we're fixin' to have here is our own whore for a while; you gonna be that for us, Sarah?"

"Yes, yes, I will!" she said, "Please."

"Leave it, Poke," he said and the black man dropped the rock. "If she doesn't cooperate, we'll take a little finger and one of those tempting nipples." He stared at Sarah, as he talked, she got wide eyed at his suggestion but said a soft:

"Fine! I'll cooperate; you'll see."

He walked up to her then and ran a finger along her lips. On the second stroke of the finger along her lips, she opened her mouth and sucked the finger into her mouth, sucking on it.

"You do that, Sarah?" he asked. "You do that with the cock of that man of yours?"

"Yes, I do!" She asked, desperate to go along with anything that they had to say or ask at that point. 

"You do it often?" he asked.

"Whenever he wants!" she said.

"Bet she knows how!" Earl said with a chuckle.

"Bet we gonna find out," Curly added and they all laughed.

"You swallow his spunk, when you have him in your mouth, Sarah?" Curly asked then.

"He doesn't make me do that; I don't like it so much," she answered honestly.

"But us?" Curly asked.

"You is different," she said, "You want it and I'll do it. I promise."

"Well," Curly concluded, "Look at you, Sarah, all naked and promising to be our whore! Just look at you!"

She smiled, hoping that he wasn't, after all, going to hurt her.

Curly turned to Juan then and said: "Juan, you just get some of that bank gold out of the saddle bag and pay our whore for her services. Give her a few gold pieces."

Sarah blushed but said a very polite 'thank you' for the gold pieces that Juan gave her.

"Okay, Sarah," Curly said, "Time to earn that gold; on your knees, girl."

Without a hesitation, Sarah Wills went to her knees, ready to take their cocks in her mouth and do whatever else they wanted her to do. 

"This might be rape," she said to herself, "But I'll try to see that it isn't murder."

She looked up at them, surrounding her with smiles on their faces and eyes gleaming; she said: 

"I don't do this all that much. I don't know if I'm any good at it."

"Well, ,we'll give you some practice," Earl said with a laugh, joined in by the others.

"Who goes first?" Earl asked.

"Let Juan go first," Curly said, "He did all the work of towing her here and stripping her naked."

Juan grinned a huge grin and stepped toward the kneeling woman. She looked extremely anxious. Juan stroked the side of her face and said:

"Just relax mi' amor!"

He worked with the front of his leather pants and soon had his erect cock out. He took the final step that got him directly in front of her face, and, with her eyes never leaving his, rubbed the head of his cock along her lips. She let him, and only after he'd done it for a few times and then nodded to her, did she open her mouth to receive him.

The others sighed, as they saw Sarah capture the head of Juan's cock in her mouth. She had indeed done this, and none too often. James didn't seem to demand it the way these men did. But, realizing her situation, Sarah began to suck on his cock in earnest, licking and sucking, moving her head ever so slightly at first and then more so afterward.

"Si!' Juan said, enjoying the sensation of her mouth and lips on his cock. 
