 My girlfriend Sara had been out of town for almost a month. We would talk on the phone every night. As of late our conversations focused more and more on sex. We both knew that she would be back home in a few days, and she had told me that she had bought some new lingerie as a reward for being so patient. As sex talk grew into phone sex we were both getting frustrated. I had instructed her that she was to wear the new lingerie on the plane under her clothes, and that when she was about an hour away from landing she was to get up and go to the bathroom. While in the bathroom she was to open her pants, put one leg up on the toilet and stair at herself in the mirror and stick her hand in her panties and fingered her pussy. She was only given three minutes to enjoy her fingers before she was to go sit back down. I knew this was just enough to get her hot, but not enough to get her off. Even though she was so frustrated that she told me that she was going to rape me over the phone several times. 

When she landed I was there to greet her. She looked so beautiful, sexy, in a comfortable way. She was wearing jeans and a pull-over sweater so as to be comfortable on the plane on the long trip, but after all the ideals in my head, it was like watching her walk up to me stark naked.

We rode home together on the Metro, there wasn't anything to catch up on as we had nightly updates as to each others lives over the phone. So the only thing on our minds was sex. The train was fairly crowded so we couldn't do much fondling, but the load roar as the train passed through the underground tunnels did make it possible to have a private conversation. So she lowered her head and placed her lips close enough to my ear that I could feel her breath. It sent tingles down my spine as she spoke.

"I was so wet on the plane waiting to be an hour away from landing," Sara said looking hungry.

"Were you a good girl and wait like you were told?" I replied.

"I was, then I went to the bathroom, and did just what you told me too."

"I will make sure to remember that when I have you bend over my knee, spanking your ass."

Her eyes wide with surprise, "But I did it exactly as you told me, only three minutes, I swear."

"The swats on the ass are you reward, not you punishment."

Sara smiled and pulled me closer, "You know me all too well."

Sara got a call right before we got to the apartment from one of her friends. Apparently word had leaked out about when she would be back home. Her friend had told her that a party was being held in honor of her return, and that she had to get over there soon because everyone was already there. 

She turned her eyes up to mine with sadness, "Fuck, I got want to go home and fuck you. It was a long flight and I am so horny."

"Well, I would say blow them off but I know you wont do that."

"I really would like too, but your right, I can't besides I really do want to see everyone."

"well we will go for a little while and come home early, we will just tell everyone that you are jet-lagged and need to sleep."

She turned around and said, "Oh yea, can we stop by that little tea shop and some tea that will help me sleep? So I can really get over the jet-lag."

"Sure," I said.

I went inside and she frantically went to unpacking and changing clothes. It just would not do for her to go out and met our friends dressed in her travel clothes. Sara walked into the closet and pulled her sweater over her head, and then quickly stripped off her jeans. I saw that she was wearing the lingerie that she had bought. It was really nice, a black sheer bustier connected to black shear stockings by garters, and a silky black thong that tied at the sides. I could see by the hurry that she was in that she was going to just put her other clothes on over the pretty underwear, but I wanted my time with the new garment first, it was after all my present. 

I crept up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist, one hand traveling south while the other went north. With one hand I squeezed a breast while the other plunged in between her legs and pressed up hard. She gasped in a way that said that it was supposed to be a scream but lost the air when my hand pressed into her crotch.

"I'm sorry but we don't have time. You know that it will take us and hour to get over there," sara said breathlessly.

I wasn't about to debate with her, she would win. When I wanted something sexually from her, I don't ask. I take. With the hand massaging her now wet crotch I pushed her back against me. Her beautiful round ass pressed against my swelling cock. It was too much for her. I could feel her legs buckle a little bit. I know her so well, I can make her do anything I want. I know every fantasy, every dream, every kink, and I knew that she can't say no when I am being forceful. 

I rubbed her pussy through the silk panties as my other hand reached up and grabbed a handful of her curly hair. I pulled her head back and smelled her hair as I moved to kiss and suck on her neck, one of her many very sensitive areas. She moaned so loud as I started to bite her neck, she moved legs back and forth shaking her hips around, presumably from the heat and tension building between her thighs. This is turn made her ass side back and forth across my dick. I held on to her hair as I pushed her face down over a small set of shelves in the closet. I pulled out my dick and ran it in between her ass cheeks. The feeling of her smooth ass cheeks against my cock made my knees go a bit weak. I humped her ass for a few minutes as she squirmed underneath me. One of the things that I love about her is how she is never truly submissive. Even though I know she loves being dominated she never stops fighting back. It is a real turn on.

Finally I let her up. Sara began to straighten herself up, and turn around to face me. She thinks I have gotten my fill, and even reaches back to see if I came on her panties. While she is reaching back I grab her and throw her up on the shelf, pinning the one arm behind her, she looks really surprised. I quickly step in between her legs and put my hand on her chest pushing her down. With my other hand I grab the ties at the sides of her panties and undo each one with a quick tug. The panties fall to the floor and I descend on her gushing pussy like a dive bomber. I take her whole little pussy in my mouth and begin fucking her with my tongue. Then I draw back sucking her clit into my mouth. She screams, I know what she likes. I make quick licks and sucks on her clit that make her whole body shake. Her free hand grabs the back of my head and pushes my face into her wet snatch so hard that it hurts my nose. I know this means she is about to cum. So I push both of her legs apart and draw my head back from her dripping pussy. She is shaking all over.

"Why did you stop?" sara pleaded.

"Not yet, you haven't earned it."

"You are a prick!" she said low and heavy, her breath was coming in quick short bursts. It excited me to watch her chest heaving up and down, and a fine sheen of sweat dotted her neck.

"Can I get dressed now?" she said playfully angry.

"you may," I said smugly.

She put on a thin little red dress and tall spiked high hills, and a small little black leather jacket always made me picture her as a dominatrix. As she walked, occasionally I could catch a glimpse of the top of stockings and that made me go nuts, because I alone knew what she was wearing underneath 

We were walking to the metro station when we ducked into a little Asian market. They sell all kinds of things. But we like it for the wide array of teas. We picked out a tea was supposed to help her sleep. When we saw the "horny goat weed tea" we had tried it before with positive effects and where kind of chuckling about it. The little Asian lady working behind the counter didn't get the joke and said.

"If you like, you try this."

She then pulled out a little box that had a very explicit cartoon in hentai fashion of a man fucking a young girl in a particularly hard fashion. I couldn't read any of the writing but the illustration made it clear what it was for.

The lady behind the counter said, "It from Japan. It very good."

I looked at my girlfriend and smiled, "I'll try anything once."

She look back at me and said, "Yeah and that way if you have too much to drink I can take you in your sleep."

The Asian lady said with no embarrassment, "No, can't drink alcohol with this."

I turned to her and said, "Why not?"

She didn't answer just said, "No alcohol."

Unfazed I said, "We'll take it."

My girlfriend said, "No fair, you get horny pills and I don't."

The little Asian lady said, "No, we got woman pill too. Good for bladder too."

She then produced another little pink box with a picture of a woman, head back in the middle of an intense orgasm.

"We'll take it too," She said with a devilish grin.

We left the store and she turns to me and says, "Let's take them now so it will be kicked in by the time we get home."

"No Alcohol," I said mockingly.

"Fuck that," Sara said defiantly.

With that we opened the boxes and popped a pill a piece.

When we showed up at the party the others had been there for awhile, and where considerably ahead of us. The poured out shots, and insisted that we catch up, so we drank hard from a few hours in celebration of my girlfriends return. As the buzz grew into drunkenness I felt my cock swelling in my pants. The constriction of it not having anywhere to go was making it worse. Luckily without anyone noticing my girlfriend grabs my hand and says she wants to dance. She pulls me up on the floor and someone turned the music up. Everyone joined suit and the party started rocking. She was grinding her ass into my crotch and I'm sure she could fell the erection that I had that would not go away. I guess this is what the alcohol warning was about. Well I guess there are worse side effects I thought to my self. Just then she danced away from me and one of our friends noticed that I was rock hard. 

"looks like it has been a long time since you guys got it on," he laughed.

"Yeah I she's been away for a long time, you must be pretty hard up for it by now," another friend chimed in.

"Honey you should take advantage of that, drive him out of his mind. Give him a lap dance or something," the girlfriend of one of my friends said.

"Ha Ha. Here, nah, I couldn't," and then her eyes focused on me. She saw an opportunity to get back at me for earlier. She knew that I was hard and ready to burst in my pants, and if she could grind me into Cumming in front of everyone I know that would really get me back for forcing myself on her earlier and refusing to make her cum. 

Someone slipped an armless high back chair from the dinning room out onto are makeshift dance floor. She pushed me back until I had no choice but to sit, then started dancing in front of me. The way she looked rocking her hips back in forth right in front of my face would have kept me stuck to that chair even if I had tried with all my might to get up out of it. She spun around and bent over, her little dress flying up and giving everyone in the room a little bit of a show. As she bent all the way over the thin dress seductively rode up the back of her legs, and I could see just the slightest glimpse of panty. It didn't matter thought I was totally focused on the garter straps that held those stockings in place. I was transfixed, helpless and immobile. She stood up and straddled my lap, dancing right in my face so close that I could smell her perfume, and maybe just the faintest hint of that little wet pussy. As her crotch danced directly in front of my face I became hypnotized. We were no longer in a room full of people, our friends watching us. There were just us, totally lost, the last two people on earth. She sat down on my lap and pulled my face into her cleavage. The feel of the silky fabric of the dress along with breast on either side on my face made me dizzy. She rocked her hips back and forth, grinding her crotch against the steel of my cock. As far as I could tell she was just as lost as I was. Maybe this was the side effect of combining the sex inducing pills with alcohol. It didn't matter because I wouldn't be able to even think about that until much later, right now the only thing that mattered was the feeling of a wet pussy grinding my cock, and the tits on either side of my face.

As she continually rubbed her tits on my face the straps of the dress came off her shoulders. She let the dress fall down with them. Now I was faced with the lingerie top full of smooth round breasts. She quickly reached up pulled her tits free of the bra and stuck her nipple into my mouth. I sucked hard on her nipple and then bit down. She screamed out. But it must been with pleasure because she then grabbed my belt and undid my pants letting out my throbbing cock for the whole room to see. I didn't think about it. It just felt so damn good for it to be out of my pants and into her hand. She squeezed it hard and my balls tightened up. She jerked it hard. I was on another plane of existence. I had waited so long for this that it didn't matter where it happened, it just needed to happen. Reservations be damned. As she was stroking my cock I ran my hand up her legs feeling the smooth sensual feel of the sheer stockings. I pushed her dress up as my hands traveled up to her ass. I grabbed both cheeks hard and that made her moan from deep in her chest. That was too much for me. I couldn't wait any longer. I found the ties on the sides of her panties and quickly untied them. She grabbed the panties in the back and pulled them off violently. Apparently she was in need as much as I was. She was normally pretty shy in front of our friends, but not tonight.

Now that there was nothing between her pussy and my cock, she could slide her gushing slit along the length of my shaft but that didn't last long. She hopped up just slightly and sat down right on top of that steel rod. 

Her head arched back and she screamed at the top of her lungs, "FUCK ME!"

No sense trying to be discreet I guess. Everyone has been watching us from the very beginning. She bounced as hard as she could. Up and down and I knew that I was going to cum. I couldn't hold it in. I let loose with thick stream of hot jizz into her just as she dug in her nails into my shoulders and her eyes rolled back. We locked on to each other and shivered and shuck 

This is when the reality of where we were came back to me. I opened my eye and looked around the room. All the guys had hard-on's and few of the girls where even jerking some of the guys off through their pants. Then I noticed that the girl that suggested the lap dance, Laurie was sitting in a chair legs spread with her hand in her panties, but it wasn't me she was looking at, it was my girl's ass that still was rocking slightly back and forth with the aftershocks of the orgasm that she had just had. I don't think Laurie even realized that we had just cam. She was still working her clit with her fingers. As Sara kept rocking I could feel a new wave of cum filling up in my balls to replace the load that had just shot inside her wanting snatch. I looked up and I could see embarrassment and shame filling up in Sara's eyes. The reality of it all was quickly setting in on her too. She has never done anything remotely close to this, and was starting to think of what people might say.

Sara sheepishly pulled her dress up putting the straps back over her shoulders. Then suddenly everyone started clapping. She looked shocked and finally ventured to make eye-contact with some of the cheering audience. There were smiles on everyone's faces. They were happy to see two people enjoy each other so much, to be so hot for one another that they completely get lost in each other. I saw a smile cross her face as she realized that no one looked down on her for what we had just done. That they were happy for us and just happy they got to watch such a hot fuck. 

She gingerly stood up knees buckling a little bit as my still hard cock slid out of her. She bent over and grabbed her panties of the floor, which gave everyone an unintended shot of her creme filled pie. She turned around still looking a little embarrassed did I little bow which let those missed it when she collected her panties off the floor a second chance at the nice view. I tried to stuff my still rock hard cock back into my pants, and light up a cigarette which produced a laugh from most of the room. Sara was trying unsuccessfully to put her panties back on discreetly, I guess she was fully lucid now. Laurie got up from her chair and pushed my girlfriend back down on my lap, but this time facing away from me. She then knelt down in front of us and kissed my girl on the mouth. I could feel the surprise and tension in her body. This was a night full of new experiences for us. The girl pushed my girl's legs far apart. She hadn't managed to get the panties back on so now pussy was fully exposed and leaking cum down to her asshole. The girl pushed her back and grabbed my arms and pulled them around her waist as if to restrain her. I did as I was led, I was too curious to see what she had in mind to let my girl stop her. Then Laurie lowered her face right between her legs and inhaled deeply. Then she kissed Sara on her inner thighs, and she cried out loud. With a deep guttural moan she moved and squirmed in my arms. I could see were this was going and I liked it. She wasn't about to break free of me and push Laurie away. It was time for me to get back at her, and an opportunity just arouse. Laurie was slowly kissing up the inner thigh of my girlfriend which made her breaths come faster and faster. Finally Laurie just went for it and licked up the drips of my cum running down her wet cunt. Sara bucked in my arms and moaned very load. She was screaming and writhing. But I could tell that it was from pure pleasure. What ever was in that pill she took had made her pussy extremely sensitive. She started to cum and it seemed like she was having one orgasm after another. Laurie cleaned every drop of cum out of her pussy, sticking her tongue up her as far as it would go. Then she grabbed her wrist and pulled Sara up. At this point my girlfriend was completely under her spell. Like a puppet unable to resist the puppet masters commands. 

"pull out your cock," Laurie said to me in a forceful tone.

I did as she said like I had no will of my own. 

"now suck his fat prick!" she commanded my girlfriend.

With complete obedience Sara got up and spun around and swallowed my cock all the way to the base. Laurie got to her knees and shoved three fingers into my girls exposed snatch. She finger fucked Sara on her knees in front of me while she forced my whole cock into Sara's mouth for what could have been a millennium for all I know. 

Then the Laurie's boyfriend walked over with a smile on his face and pulled her panties to her knees. He got behind her and pulled out his cock and started fucking her from behind. He grabbed her by the back of the head and shoved her face deep into my girlfriend's throbbing pussy. Sara continued sucking my shaft between gasps and moans. The vibrations from the moans deep in her throat were radiating down into my balls making them stir and tighten. Her mouth was so wet that she slobbered all over my cock and her spit was dripping off my balls. My girlfriend sprang up off her knees and spun back around sitting down in my lap again with her ass towards me. She sat down on my cock and I could feel her wet snatch open up and slid all the way down to my base. She bounced vigorously as she squeezed her own beasts. The other couple took a few steps on the knees so that the two girls were face to face. They began to kiss and rubs their breast together as we the two boyfriends drove our thick cocks into their hungry holes. 
