 Years ago I had an affair with a man who brought out my erotic imagination. We recently reconnected. Although we have separate lives in different cities, we still share fantasies, and, yes, get together from time to time to fuck and live some of these fantasies out. This story started as an email exchange, with each of us adding to it in turn. We then decided to put it into a secure document online and wrote and edited feverishly for days! Some of it is real and some of it what we anticipate. We hope it turns you on the way it does us. Enjoy, S.

*

On a warm August evening in Los Angeles, you are sitting at the bar in The London Hotel in a quiet section of West Hollywood having a drink when two beautiful women walk in and sit down one stool away from you. You can hear them talking intimately, while they assess everyone else in the room. You make eye contact with them here and there while checking your iPhone for messages. They seem to both be intrigued with you. Could it be the fact that you've got long, wavy hair, an inviting smile and twinkling eyes? You did smile at them when they glanced at you. They both look at you, smile at each other and then smile back at you slyly. One has auburn hair, cut in long layers and deep green eyes. She's wearing a short, tight green dress and has on navy stockings and heels. The blond has her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail and wears a fitted black lace dress, bare legs, red heels and coral lips and nails. She is sitting closest to you.

You are not sure yet if they are interested. However, they keep ignoring the other men, who are acting a little rowdy. One of them just cracked some lewd joke that everyone could hear, and "red" did an eye roll while looking at you. "Blond" was busy fiddling with her iPhone. You decide to take a chance and move over to the next stool with your glass of champagne.

"Are you ladies from here or out of town," you ask in your clear, soft and commanding voice. The line is silly, but your voice and smile just shot down all the competition.

Blond stays focused on her phone, but red smiles at you and tells you that she is from Santa Barbara, and came down to spend the weekend with her friend. The blond looks up, smiles and says "How about you?"

"I'm from Northern California, and am down for the weekend as well. Let me buy you both a drink."

"Thanks," says red, "we were going to hang here for a bit before dinner."

You all settle into the time honored dance of sharing individual life experiences, while checking out hair, eyes, posture, and openness of attitude. Rene, the redhead, seems more open. Patti comes off as a bit more guarded, but by no means naive. You talk about work, and then about things you want to do when work isn't in the way. They are talking about going to exotic places in the world, and you, having been to most of them, give them some inside experience about the more outrageous elements of travel.

When Patti asks you what kind of adventure you want, you smile, lean back on your stool and open up your arms in a display of honesty and say, "Well, I'm a very good piano player. Back before there were CD's or even vinyl records, there were dark and sexy strip joints with a drummer, stand up bass, and piano on the side of the stage, keeping time with the strippers' bumps and grinds. I want to play that piano, with strippers hanging all over me."

Rene says, "You know, that's so very cool. I can really see the scene you just painted."

Patti prods, "Didn't you ever want to be the stripper? One of those male strippers?"

You say, "Well, I can't say I never thought about it! But I love the idea of having my music as the soundtrack for their act, and hanging out with them, you know.. well, that would be a real turn on." You look them both in the eye, smile and say, "I just love confident, brazen women. That's just the way it is."

Sensing it is time, you finish your champagne and pay the tab. You then smile and lean over to both of them and ask them if they would like to see a very special show in front of the hotel. "I'll be outside watching if you are interested." You get up and touch them both gently on their shoulders before walking out the door.

Intrigued, they nod to each other, and about thirty seconds later are walking behind you as you head to the front door of the hotel without looking back. But they stop short of following you out. They watch you go to the corner, wait for the light and then cross and position yourself across from the hotel, looking up. They are curious but a little nervous. They watch your eyes as you check your watch and then look up again when your posture changes. Tension and anticipation are clearly on your face and in your stance, even from across the street. Finally, they exit the hotel, cross the street, join you and look up to see...

Me standing on the balcony on the third floor. I am tall and slender, with long dark brown hair and bluish/green/gray eyes. You're still not sure what color they are. My breasts are small but round and firm. I have a long graceful neck. My waist is long and curves in just the right places. I'm wearing a loosely knit, long-sleeved black sweater that comes down just before my knees and strappy black heels. The sweater is open over a black lace bra and matching g-string. I'm looking right in your eyes and I take a long drink from a champagne glass. I turn around, drop the sweater and bend over with my ass toward the street. The g-string has a small lace triangle at the top of my ass connected to a long ribbon bow on each side. My fingers are running lightly up my legs, from my ankles to my inner thighs. Up and down again. I grab my ass firmly with my left hand and spank my right cheek roughly with my right. You look at Patti and then Rene. Rene's cheeks look a little flushed. You reach out and stroke her left cheek. She shuts her eyes for a moment before following your gaze back up.

You take out your cell phone and speed-dial my number. My phone is waiting on the table on the balcony. I pick it up, then turn around, facing you squarely with my legs apart. You smile as I instruct you to stroke your cock lightly through your pants with your free hand, which you obligingly do. I love it when you do what you're told. Then I ask you to pass the phone to the woman you think is most game. You hand the phone to Rene.

"Hi, beautiful," I say to her softly. "I'm Susan. Would you like to see more?"

"This is a little overwhelming, I just don't know. I, I'm Rene."

"And your friend?"

"Patti."

"It's OK, honey. We're all grown ups here, and everything is safe."

"Funny, it doesn't feel safe."

Patti is getting anxious, and is giving Rene a look that says "I don't think we should be doing this." But Rene just shakes her red hair, and turns back to looking up at me.

"I think, I mean, I guess, shit, Patti, we can leave if you really want, but I would love to stay here for a while. I'm just so intrigued."

"OK, I'll stay. If only to protect you from yourself. That woman in the window really is pretty hot though. I'm impressed she's got the nerve to do this."

You are mesmerized by looking at me in that position. Slowly you place both of your arms around their waists, ever so gently. Rene is holding the phone in her right hand, and leaning into you on her left. Patti is standing straight on your left, but not pulling away either.

"Hey, Rene. You still there? Don't say anything, just watch me up here. Right now this show is for you. Consider it an invitation, from me to you. "

I place the phone on the table on the balcony after setting it on speakerphone. I leave for a second, then return and you can hear soft, bluesy music coming through the room. We had this music on the last time we fucked, so you smile knowing the soundtrack is an inside message from me to you. 

I take another drink of champagne, place the glass down, give you all a very mischievous smile, then turn around while dancing to the music. With my back to you, I slowly pull my g-string down to just the top of my thighs, hesitate a bit, pull one side up a little, then the other side. I pull on one of the ribbons, and the right side falls down. Still holding onto the right ribbon, I release the left one. Reaching back with my left hand, I pull the g-string back and forth through my pussy, all the time swaying to the music. With one look over my shoulder, I pull them forward and then throw them backwards over my head, where they land on top of a hedge in front of the hotel. Stroking both sides of my gorgeous ass, I turn around, spread my legs with my hands on my hips, and look straight at the three of you. My landing strip is lit from a side light, I've got a big smile on my face, and both of the girls sigh and lean into you. I just love putting on this hot show for you and your new friends.

Now I'm dipping the middle finger of my left hand into my champagne. I lick it lightly off my finger. My finger is moist with a mix of the champagne and my saliva. I take my finger and trace up and down softly along my landing strip. You're admiring my soft skin above and to the side of that delicate line of hair. I stroke both my thighs with the backs of my hands and then gently open my pussy lips. You can almost see me glistening from across the street. Is it the light, or is it just your memory? You can't be sure. You lick your lips, remembering my taste. 

Rene grazes your hand with her hand and finds a room key between her fingers. She tenses, lets you slip her the room key and then exhales.

Patti is leaning into you with her eyes closed as you flick her right ear with your tongue. Rene looks in your eyes and brushes her hand across your chest. She then gives Patti a gentle kiss on her temple and slips your phone into her hand before sauntering across the street toward the hotel, gazing up at my balcony.

"Are you sure this is OK, Larry?" Patti protests softly.

You whisper. "Isn't life full of wonderful surprises?"

"I guess, but are you really sure this is OK?"

"You've got nothing to lose, Patti. There's a brand new experience in store for you if you want to take advantage of this situation."

You take your eyes off of me, and turn to face her. She looks up at you, and you kiss her so gently, she's not really sure you kissed. Rene has already entered the hotel lobby and is waiting by the elevator bank. You take the phone from Patti's hand and put it against your ear. I tell you to step behind Patti and rub your cock against her ass. You position yourself behind Patti and start to softly caress the inside of her left arm, until she shudders. You gently wrap your arm around her belly and pull her firmly against you and hand her the phone. Sensing Patti's not quite ready and still might bolt, you gently bring her back not quite to your pelvis. Then you feel her pushing further back on her own until her soft ass can feel the outline of your cock.

"Hi Patti. My name is Susan. You are so beautiful! Do you like the way Larry's cock feels against your ass? He has magic in that cock. It will give you hours of pleasure if you let him in."

Meanwhile, I turn back into the room to greet Rene, who is standing in the doorway. Her green eyes are so sexy, and her mouth looks so luscious. I pour her a glass of champagne, then give her a deep lingering kiss. She is a little tentative at first but then opens her lips and caresses my tongue with hers. She's fully dressed and I'm only wearing my earrings, necklace, bra and heels. We look each other over, she nods, and I lead her back onto the balcony. Rene sits on the chair, which is angled toward the middle of the balcony. I stand before her and stroke her hair, then lean over for another kiss before straddling her on the chair. The music is soft and slow, and I start giving Rene a lap dance, rubbing my pussy softly up her left thigh and down her right. She reaches her hands up to my face and brings my mouth back down to hers, then starts to rub her fingers lightly down my spine. She can tell that I love her soft touch, so she continues down to my ass and then down my thighs, while exploring my mouth with her tongue and lips.

Still standing behind Patti, both of you quietly watching my show, your left hand is ever so gently stroking her side, then brushing against her left breast while your right is moving slowly in front of her, moving up her inner right thigh under her dress. Her head is resting on your left shoulder and you nip at her long, graceful neck. Your erection is outlined in your elegant slacks, and is being massaged by her ass that seems to be automatically rotating around it all on its own.

You turn to your right and see a couple standing a few feet away from you on the sidewalk. They're dressed like a couple of rockers. He can't take his eyes off the show on the balcony and hasn't even noticed you and Patti. His mouth is hanging open. His partner is glancing back and forth nervously between the two of you and the hotel. Without a word, she tugs on his arm a couple of times and he reluctantly resumes walking away from the excitement.

I pick the phone back up and say to Patti, "What's your pleasure, beautiful? Are you happy where you are or would you like to take a closer look?"

"I'll be there, Susan," Patti whispers dreamily.

The two of you walk across the street with your arms around each others' waists. Before you head back into the hotel lobby, Patti meanders toward the hedge to retrieve my g-string. You laugh as she hands it to you and you give it a sniff before shoving it in your pocket. Your cock is rock hard, so you gratefully hold the g-string in that hand in your pocket in a comically vain attempt at camouflage. You hold Patti gently back, as if to say, let's give them a head start. Your eyes turn toward the bar but she shakes her head and pushes the button to call the elevator.

By now I've moved Rene back into the room and closed the balcony door, but left the curtains wide open with the lights on. A man is standing across the street, with a woman on each arm. They can't help themselves and linger to take advantage of my exhibitionism. Rene is on her knees in front of the balcony, with her back toward the street. She reaches her hands up and places them on my tiny waist. Her fingers trace the outline of my landing strip. She is smelling my ardor. I'm getting goosebumps thinking about the orgasm that is waiting, and my clit hasn't even been touched yet.

You and Patti quietly enter the room with your extra key. You walk in to see me placing one leg on the arm of the couch next to where Rene is looking up at me. I softly coo to her, and gracefully lower my pussy down to her mouth. She is not sure what to do, so I tell her to just open her mouth, soften her tongue and let me glide back and forth on it.

"No need to enter my cunt, just stay on my clit. That's it, yes, that's it. Now, think about the best head you ever got. You have it memorized, don't you? Show me what it was like, Rene."

You guide Patti over to the couch, where she can sit and watch the two of us. My right leg is right next to her. Her eyes are wide open in wonder.

"Look outside, Larry," I say. You laugh with delight to see there are people below taking in the show. "Keep giving them an eyeful, baby," you respond.

Patti is getting aroused looking at her friend's mouth on me, and her eyes wander up and down my body, from my flowing dark hair to my long legs. Knowingly, you say, "You could really love those legs, right Patti? Go ahead, you can touch them all the way to her ass. She loves it!"

Patti reaches over with her right hand and timidly moves to touch my ankle. She can't believe she's touching me and we haven't even really met! I moan softly, and place my hand on hers. She then starts stroking the back of Rene's head, as she continues to eat me out. I'm ready to cum at any second.

You walk over and kiss me roughly until my knees start to bend. Breaking it off, you then kneel down and kiss Rene, who has my pussy juice all over her lips. You stand up, smile, and look me in my hungry eyes.

"Yes," you say to me. "I know what that dirty mind of yours wants next. Man, that tasted great, Rene."

I turn to face you, close my eyes and wrap my arms around your neck. You effortlessly reach down and pick me up under my ass, with my legs wrapped around your waist. You carry me next to the bed, where the full-length mirror is waiting for us. You set me down on the edge of the bed, then lean down to first kiss my mouth, then my neck. I reach down, help you out of your shoes & socks, loosen your belt, unzip your pants, and hold your ass as you take them off. All you have on now is your tailored shirt, black boxers and watch. Glancing over at Rene and Patti, I reach into the waistband of your shorts, free up your wonderful cock, and wrap my warm wet lips around it as I pull your shorts to the ground. I only suck on you for a short while. We both love it when your cock is in my mouth, but there is so much else I want to do right now! I know this is a chance to take advantage of the selfish, exhibitionist, bisexual lust in my heart. 

After releasing your cock slowly from my mouth, I stand up and turn my back to you so that we're both facing the mirror now. I reach down, grab my ankles and lean back toward you. You know just what to do as you look me in the eye through the mirror, kiss my neck, and undo my bra. Your large, strong hands reach everywhere, over my shoulder, around my chest and caress my soft sensitive breasts, while never taking your eyes off of mine. Your cock is hard against my ass and you start stroking it with your right hand as you finger my wet cunt with your left. Next thing I know I feel the tip of your cock teasing me, teasing me before you push in so deep. You're filling me up. Your cock is perfect inside me. I'm looking brazenly into your eyes and you give me that knowing smile as you rock in and out, teasing me again with the tip.

Patti is watching us from the couch with her legs open, and her g-string pulled to one side. She is biting her lower lip while she works her clit feverishly with both hands. From time to time, her left hand reaches up and roughly squeezes each of her nipples, one and then the other.

Rene is so hot that she pulls her dress off over her head. She takes off her bra, leaving just her navy thong, garter belt, stockings and heels. Her breasts are full, with delicate freckles. Those tits sway as she licks her lips and crawls like a panther across the floor toward us. She is kneeling again in front of both of us. I kiss her mouth and caress her ear skillfully with my tongue. I let go of my ankles and brace myself with my hands against the wall on both sides of that mirror while you are now fucking me furiously. I meet your eyes again and then look back down at Rene.

She is crouching under both of us now. Her tongue is velvety soft as she licks my pussy and then brushes the base of your cock. She is moaning as she feasts on us, sucking my juices and then ever so lightly cradling your balls with both hands.

Our eyes are locked again as you grab my hips and push deeper and faster into my cunt. Just as I'm about to cum you pull out with a smile and lay down on the bed. Sweet torture! I'm almost shuddering as I turn around, climb on the bed and lower myself onto your delicious shaft. 

Without saying a word, we both turn our eyes to Patti at the same time. Her blue eyes are open wide as she gazes back at us in turn. Her face is strained as she pushes her fingers in and out of her wet cunt. "Yes, Patti!' you say. "We want to see you work it. Show us your pussy lips!" Her fingers draw out slowly and she spreads her delicate lips, swollen and pink by now. "That's it, beautiful," I tell her. "Now, keep stroking yourself and don't take your eyes off of us. Watch what we do next. You'll love it, baby."
