 It was time to take my theories about money and pussy to the next level. I went to an expensive dance club in town. I made sure the entrance was crowded when I pulled up for valet parking in my Porsche. The outfit I was wearing cost $800. I walked in like I owned the place and stepped up to the bar. It didn’t take long for a beautiful and absolutely striking blonde to step up beside me.

“You’re new here, aren’t you? My name’s Missy.”

I turned and scanned her body up and down, practically undressing her with my eyes. I threw down a shot of expensive bourbon and ordered another. I handed it to her.

“Want a drink?”

She looked into my eyes with a wicked grin and threw it down in a single gulp. I order two more shots and toasted her. We both threw our heads back and swallowed in a single gulp.

“Can you feel it? It starts about here and spreads through the body.”

I put my hand on her lower tummy and spread my fingers. My hand slid down until the tips of my fingers could feel the swell of her pussy mound through her black mini-skirt.

“I think we should have one more and then get out of here. I’m not much for dancing.”

“But… I don’t even know you’re name.”

The bartender brought us two more shots. I threw mine down while she watched with hers in hand. I handed the bartender a $100 Bill.

“Keep the change. You coming?”

I turned and walked towards the front entrance and gave the valet my ticket. I waited several minutes before the car came around the corner. I thought I had blown it with Missy. Just as I was getting in the driver’s seat she walked out the front door. She climbed in and I peeled off down the street. I quickly got out of town on an open road and let the Porsche show off its stuff. After a brief demonstration I pulled off to the side of the road.

“You want to drive or would you rather go back to my place and fuck?”

“Look… whoever you are. I don’t even know what I’m doing here. You’d better take me back.”

“Au contraire. You know exactly what you’re doing. You saw a good-looking guy with lots of money and went after him. Well here you are and here I am. I’m going to make it simple. I’m putting three hundred dollars right here under my cell phone. Now I’m going to drive you back. If you’d rather go to my place and fuck just pick up the money and keep it. If we have a good time I just might let you be one of my girlfriends, and I’m very generous with my girlfriends.”

I did a fast U-turn that threw her against the door and sped back towards the club. Missy sat there in silence but I could see from the corner of my eye that she was glancing down at the money. About halfway there she spoke.

“How many girlfriends do you have, anyway?”

“A few. Would you like to meet one? I could call and have her come over.”

“Would I have to spend the whole night? I could just leave after, right?”

“For three hundred dollars you have to suck my cock and let me fuck you. That’s all. We could be done in an hour, maybe two.”

We were almost back at the club. I slowed and was almost to a stop when she reached down and picked up the three Bills. I stepped on the gas and headed for the Roaring Brook Inn.

“Name’s Jason. You’re a very pretty girl Missy. I’m really glad you decided to come with me. I promise you won’t be disappointed.”

The suite was available. I paid in advance with cash and asked them to send up a bottle of their best champagne. Her mouth dropped open when she looked at the lavish furnishings. I put on some soft music and waited for the champagne and strawberries to arrive. I poured us each a glass and toasted her.

“To the good things in life.”

We both sipped. I put down my glass and sat back on the couch.

“You want to get it over with so I can take you back? Personally I’d like to stay and talk, dance a little, sip champagne, eat strawberries and, when the time is right, have wild, passionate, uninhibited sex. I’m in your hands… literally.”

“Just a second. I have to go to the bathroom.”

She returned several minutes later wearing a white terrycloth robe with the hotel emblem on the front. She sat next to me with her legs curled under her. We each had several glasses of champagne.

“I think I’m getting drunk. I better not have any more or you might take advantage of me. Well, I guess you paid for it. Does this make me a whore?”

“We’re all whores, Missy. We all have our price, and we all use sex and power to get what we want.”

She kissed me on the neck and dropped her hand to my lap. I slipped the robe off her shoulder exposing a perfect pear shaped breast. My mouth covered the nipple. I sucked it between my lips and teased it with my tongue. I pushed her back on the couch and continued kissing down her body. She spread her legs and lifted them exposing her well-trimmed pussy seeping with desire. She gasped as my mouth covered her swollen mound and my tongue flicked up and down the juicy crevice.

I sucked and slurped aggressively on her tasty peach. She humped her pussy up into my face and put her hands on the back of my head. I shoved two fingers up her cunt and sucked on her swollen clit. Her moans became louder and louder. She reached behind her head and grasped the arm of the couch. She screamed out. Her body jerked and bucked against my face. Juices gushed from her cunt and dripped down my chin.

I continued licking her clit and fingering her pussy causing wave after wave of orgasm to crash through her body. She pushed my head away and closed her legs when she couldn’t take it any more. I looked up at her heavy breathing. A sheen of cunt juice spread across my face.

“I know that wasn’t in our contract. It was a little advance bonus I wanted to give you for being so cooperative.”

Missy smiled at me. She sat up and straddled my lap letting the robe fall from her shoulders. She reached down and unbuckled my trousers.

“You know, Missy, I’m not sure once is going to be enough. Why don’t I just give you $500 for the whole night?”

“Make it $1000 and I’ll give you twenty-four hours.”

“You’re an expensive piece of ass. Make it $750.”

“Deal. You know, if you had played your cards right I might have fucked you for nothing. Maybe not on our first date but who knows.”

“I don’t like to wait. Besides, this way is more honest.”

She smiled at me and unbuttoned my shirt while I slipped off my trousers and shoes. She lost the robe. We were both naked. She lifted up on her knees and guided my swollen cock to the dripping lips of her cunt. She rubbed it back and forth until the head slotted itself in her opening.

“You have a nice cock. I can’t wait to suck it. But first I want to stuff it in my pussy.”

She quickly impaled herself. I could feel the searing heat from her pussy wrap around me as she lowered herself.

“You know, Jason, I kind of like being a whore. It turns me on to fuck for money. I could make a habit out of this.”

“Just don’t forget who gave you your start.”

She proceeded to ride me like a woman possessed, screaming obscenities as she bounced up and down on my throbbing cock. I sucked and pinched her nipples and even pushed a finger up her ass. Her orgasms hit one after another. I picked her up and staggered to the bedroom fucking her standing up. We bounced off the coffee table, the wall and the door leading to the bedroom before falling onto the bed.

I fucked her from on top slamming my cock repeatedly straight down into her pussy. I rolled her over and fucked her dog style. Her orgasms were non-stop. She had her head buried in the pillow trying to muffle her screams when I felt my own explosion building. I looked down between her creamy rounded cheeks and watched my slimy cock slide in and out of her tight cunt.

I grabbed her hips and slammed into her harder and faster. My head started spinning. My cock swelled and my balls shrunk. I cried out as I buried my cock deep in her gut. Cum exploded into her pussy in a steady stream. I continue to fuck her and fill her with streams and streams of cum until it was dripping from her cunt. I collapsed onto her back, spent and drained, with my cock still inside her seeping pussy.

Missy rolled me off her and immediately swallowed my cum-drenched cock into her mouth. She licked the juices from around my balls and in my pubic hair. She climbed on top of my and slipped my cock back up her cum-filled cunt. Missy slowly lifted off me letting cum drip from her pussy all over my cock and balls. She licked up the mess with her tongue and took me back into her mouth until I was fully erect.

“That was freebie. Now let me show you how a $750 whore sucks cock.”

She gave me an incredible blowjob, taking me deep in her throat, licking my balls, teasing my sensitive head with her tongue and even licking my ass while jerking me off. She had me stand and sucked me while kneeling on the floor and looking up at me with her big blue eyes. She rubbed her pussy to orgasm.

Next Missy got on her back and tilted her head over the side of the bed while I fucked her throat. She played with her pussy and tits. Saliva ran down her forehead and into her hair. She had another powerful orgasm. She must have sucked my cock for a good twenty minutes. I fucked her tits while she gave her jaw a break. Filth spewed from her mouth.

“Oh baby I love your fucking cock. I like the way it slides between my tits and makes my nipples want to explode. I love it in my mouth and in my throat. When I feel the hard flesh against my tongue and cheeks my pussy wants to explode. Oh god. Get up here and fuck my mouth. I want to taste your cum and feel it squirt all over my tongue and down my throat. Cum in my mouth, Jason… please…”

That did it for me. I climbed up over her face and shoved my cock between her lips. She wrapped her hand around it and jerked me off as I fucked it in and out of her mouth. She worked the sensitive head with her lips and tongue. I looked down and saw her eyes smiling up at me. She knew I was close. She nodded her head letting me know she wanted my cum. I couldn’t hold back. I tried to slam into her mouth but her hand only allowed a few inches between her lips. 

My cock swelled. I grunted. Missy pressed her fingers against my scrotum. Cum gushed from my cock into her mouth. She moved her hand up and down my shaft and rubbed her fingers across my scrotum until every last drop had been drained from my balls. She let go with her hand. My cock slid deeper into her cum filled mouth and pushed into her throat. She held me there sucking until I went limp. I fell from her mouth. Missy sat up with her lips open and let cum drool down her chin and over her tits. She closed her mouth and swallowed the rest.

“Mmmmmmm… tasty. What’s next, stud.”

I pushed a strawberry up her cunt, and proceeded to eat her pussy again. We fucked and fucked and sucked and sucked. In the shower she let me fuck her in the ass, but not until I agreed to pay her another $200. We slept until late morning and fucked some more until it was time to take her back to her car. She scrawled her number on the back of a card and handed it to me.

“You can fuck me anytime, Jason. You know the price.”

I never called. Three weeks later I found her in the same nightclub and told her she could be one of my girlfriends. After a few drinks we went back to her place. Money was never discussed but I left $300 on the dresser when I left the next morning.

I experimented with a number of different approaches to using my newfound wealth over the next few weeks. I learned that there were a few women out there with scruples, but not many. It was more a matter of approach. I had to pick the right bait, get them hooked and then reel them in. I didn’t have much patience for the “wine and dine then maybe on the second date” types. I wanted immediate results.

It took me three tries and $200 at a sleazy dive near campus to get a blowjob under the bar from a sophomore history major named Susan. She swallowed every drop of cum and washed it down with a beer. It only cost me a few more beers and a cheap dinner to get her back to my place and into the sack. I called Danielle who was happy to join us for a marathon all night three-way. 

A few days later I met a blond freshman with big tits named Mary who drooled at my wad of $100 Bills when I paid for drinks at the same bar. She had gone to an all-girls Catholic School and was ready to rebel against her strict upbringing. Mary was the perfect target – young, adventurous and short of cash. I kept feeding her drinks until she was feeling a little tipsy. 

We got on the topic of dares. She told me she once peed during mass on a dare while kneeling in prayer. I told her I masturbated in my young hot-looking History teacher’s ham sandwich on a dare. She admitted masturbating at confession while explaining how she had let a boy finger her pussy. We kept one upping each other until I decided to give her e real dare.

“Tell you what Mary, I’ll give you twenty bucks to go up to the bartender and flash your tits. How about it?”

She giggled and put her hands over her face.

“Noooo. Not here. But I’d get naked for you in private. We could go to my dorm. My roommate’s at class.”

“Would you let me feel your tits? How about I give you $40 and you let me feel your pussy.”

“I don’t know. Now you’re getting nasty. That’s different than looking. I’d play with my pussy in front of you for $40.”

I put a $100 bill on the table. I let her stare at it for a few seconds.

“You can have it if you let me fuck you.”

She looked at the $100, looked at me and looked back at the $100 bill. I reached down to pull it away. Her hand beat me to it. I looked at her as I took out another $50 bill and put it on the table.

“I have a friend. You get another $50 if you do him first while you suck my cock.”

She looked down and bit her lower lip. She looked like she was going to cry. I threw another $150 on the table and asked her what she would do for $300.

“For $300 I’ll do you and two other guys. You get one hour.”

“Three guys and two hours or the whole deal is off.”

She thought about it for a few seconds and made up her mind. She looked right at me with a determined face.

“$600 and six guys. You get two hours. No ass fucking.”

For another $400 she agreed to anal and DP, and to receiving one cum bath. She had never done anal before and said she deserved the right to change her mind if it hurt too much. I agreed when she let me tape the session. I called five more than willing males from my former dorm.

We decided a motel room would be safest. We got right down to business and stripped naked. We formed a circle around her. She dropped to her knees and sucked each cock in succession while jerking off another. She may have been repressed, but somewhere along the line she learned to suck cock like a pro. One person would tape while the rest of us were getting sucked. After a while we would switch.

We were all throbbing hard. I told the other guys not to cum until we were ready to do it together. Some of them had to pull away before they unloaded. A couple of the guys wanted to eat her pussy before we fucked her. She got up onto the bed as we each to turns licking her cunt. We also kept at least one cock in her mouth, although she had a hard time keeping it there between her screams and moans. Several of us fucked her big tits while her pussy was being sucked. 

When it was my turn to eat her pussy I shoved a finger up her ass. It took her a while to relax, but when she did I shoved a second finger in her ass. She lost all control when I bit down on her clit with two fingers up her butt.

Next we took turns fucking her dog style. We always kept a cock in her mouth but again she had a hard time between her gasps and moans. Several of the guys shoved thumbs and fingers up her ass. This seemed to make her even crazier. I couldn’t tell if she ever had an orgasm or if she was in a steady state of orgasm.

We were ready to cum all over her. Mary got back on her knees and sucked our cocks in turn. It didn’t take long before the first cock splashed a stream of cum off her forehead. It dribbled over her nose and chin. A second cock splattered the side of her face while the first one was still shooting cum. Mark, who also had the biggest cock, sprayed stream after stream after stream of hot cum all over her face and into her mouth and hair. I shot most of my load onto her tongue and open mouth. One of the guys covered her tits in cock cream.

When we were done she looked like a professional cum slut. There was hardly a spot on her face that wasn’t covered in cock cream.  It drooled out of her mouth and dripped from her chin onto her tits. The video camera never stopped rolling. I took her hand and led her into the bathroom so she could see herself in the mirror. I pressed up behind her and fingered her pussy. She came hard and gushed all over my fingers.

My cock had grown hard again and was wedged in the crack of her ass. I decided it was time to take her anal cherry. I grabbed the hand lotion and rubbed it all over her asshole and shoved two fingers up inside her. I twisted them around inside her and poured lotion all over my cock. Mary tilted her ass in the air. I pressed the tip of my cock against her sphincter and pushed.

“Oh… oh… oh god… oh… oh shit… uh…uh…uh… mmmmpppphhhh…”

My cock pushed into her dark passage and continued to burrow deeper and deeper. I decided it was best to get my cock buried quickly and then let her adjust. I began fucking her ass. I turned her towards Mark who stepped up and shoved a cock up her pussy. She went nuts.

We carried her back to the bed and took turns fucking her pussy and ass. Once again Mary was screaming and moaning from the constant hammering. She was taking three and four of us at the same time, always with a cock in her pussy and ass. We dumped a ton of cum into each of her holes. Several of the guys came a third time before the two hours ended.

I drove her back to the dorm and told her to call if she ever wanted to do it again, only this time the price would be $400. Two weeks later she called. The week after she did it for $200. She was addicted to cock and would have done it for free, but I wasn’t going to push her that far. So much for her repressed upbringing.