 Peter stood in the finely decorated vestibule of the Lord Ashford's manor house. He was a attractive young man, all of eighteen winters, with short, dark hair and pale, creamy skin. Currently he was dressed in the common garb of the peasantry: an overlarge homespun brown tunic, gray woolen leggings, and, his most expensive article, a pair of beaten leather boots. While normally his fair skin would have been covered in the dirt and grim of the fields in which he worked, Peter was freshly washed and shaved, to the point that both his skin and hair gleamed. 

For some indeterminable amount of time, Peter waited. Just as he began to feel that he had been forgotten, the vestibule doors opened and the beautiful, redheaded maid who had originally allowed the young man into the house signaled for Peter to follow her. 

"The good Lord and Lady Ashford will indeed see you, sir," the maid informed him as she lead young Peter through the winding halls of the huge mansion.

"You need not call me that, good woman, I am but a simple commoner," Peter quickly replied in his quiet, gentle manner.

"That you are, sir, as am I, but the Lord bids all his servants to have the utmost respect for all the people dwelling in his domain. And if you strive to be a servant yourself, they I suggest you do the same." The maid turned to face Peter and winked friendlily.

Peter returned her wink with a grin and said: "Then I shall, malady." 

They both smiled at that. 

"If the Lord and Lady approve of you, which they no doubt will, you should do fine here. The work is not to long and the rewards for faithful service are great indeed... Ah! Here we are." The maid cut herself off as she at last found the door to the Lord's private quarters. 

She opened the large door and lead Peter into the dark sitting room. Peter couldn't see anything in the room, but he was sure that their were others in the room.

"Please relight the candles, Mary, they went out as soon as you left and either of us can be bothered to do it ourselves." A melodious voice asked from the shadows. 

"Yes, please do, Mary. I want to see this young peasant boy who comes to us." Added a second, this one decidedly feminine. 

Mary, the maid, responded that, yes, she would be happy to aid her sovereigns. She then quickly went to work replacing the candles and lightening them and soon the room was illumined in their bright, yellow glow. 

Peter's eyes drifted to the direction from which he had heard the voices and with a small gasp, understood why the nobles could not be bothered to change the candles themselves. On one end of a large, overstuffed velvet couch sat the Lord Ashford, dressed in fine garb of royal purple. He was pale skinned, like Peter himself, but his hair was of a dark brown hue. His wife, the Lady Ashford, was laid out on the rest couch. She was decked out in a white corset with blue frillings and skirt. She was, perhaps, the most beautiful woman Peter had ever seen. She had the same complexion as Mary the maid (indeed, many women in the area), with creamy white skin and stunning red hair. What set her apart from even the buxom Mary was her unbelievably large breasts which threatened at any moment to burst through her tight corset. But it was not what Lady Ashford looked like, but what she was doing, to the Lord Ashford to be specific, which shocked young Peter. His Highness currently had his enormous penis unsheathed from his tight trousers and Her Highness was bobbing her head up and down, her expert lips massaging his shaft while she sucked with her mouth and her petite left hand played with his full ball sack or dipped down to stick his middle finger into his anus. Peter just stood there dumbly, unable to even bow to his betters. 

Seeming to ignore Peter, the Lord Ashford thanked the maid and then commanded her to wait outside until she was again required. Mary curtsied and left. 

"Now," Ashford began, "why is that you have come to me and my Lady wife today?" At that time, the Lord Ashford had placed his left hand on his wife hand and was pushing down, prompting her to deepthroat him. 

"Lord..." Peter stammered, still unable to keep his eyes off the Lady and her act. 

Ashford laughed aloud and replied to this: "Well, it seems I am a most horrible host. Would you like to join her?"

"Sir?" Peter gasped.

"I said: would you like to join her? My wife, she loves to suck cock with another helping her, especially men. I must say I enjoy it as well." He grabbed his large ball sack and shook it at Peter. "Come on, I haven't cum all day. If you suck me well, then I'll give you the whole load." The Lord cried out when his Lady bit his cock. "Don't worry, dear, he'll share, I'm sure." 

Perhaps it was because he was so stunned at this unimaginable request was the reason why Peter obeyed, for surely under any other circumstance he would have fled. The husband youth walked over to the nobles and got down on his knees. Ashford's huge, pale cock stood erect, glistening, and inviting. 

The Lady Ashford stopped her sucking and allowed the cock to loudly pop out of her mouth. "Have you ever sucked cock before?" she asked, her voice husky. 

Peter shook his head slowly in the negative. "Wonderful!" she cried, "I love being a tutor! Now, let me get more comfortable first." She then sat up and began to undo her corset. In a matter of moments, the Lady's giant (but amazingly firm) breasts were bare and in a flash the rest of her attire was gone. She stood before Peter, nude, her body completely hairless, like a gleaming, mythical nymph.

Knelling beside the commoner, the Lady gripped her husband's cock and pointed it toward Peter. 

"First, I want you to kiss the head." When Peter hesitated, she caught Peter by the back of his head and pushed him forward until his puckered lips touched the gleaming head of her Lord husband's cock. 

"I can see this is going to take some time," Lord Ashburn said with a sigh. "Mary!" he cried. "Please come in and help my wife." Mary soon arrived, nude save for the frilly white maid's skirt and bonnet she had been wearing before. 

"My Lord?" She asked on her arrival. 

"This good visitor wants so desperately wishes to make me cum, but he still has his reservation. I want you to loosen him up while my Lady wife helps him to suck me." 

Smiling, she did as she was demanded. Mary went to work, helping Peter out of his clothes. When he stood nude before his sovereigns, they gasped at his incredible, half-hard cock. 

"And I thought I was large!" the Lord Ashburn cried. Then, as if remember Peter had come to him for specific purpose, demand: "Tell me boy, why have you come to give my household such a gift?" 

Loudly swallowing, Peter hurriedly replied: "My Lord, I seek employment in your fine manor home. I was not made for fieldwork and my father and brother have tired of my physical weakness and if ever I wish to find I place for myself in the world, they told me I would have to work as a butler, for you my Lord." His spiel complete, Peter bowed low. 

Smiling broadly, Lord Ashburn informed that a job in his service was available to one such as him, but, he added: "You must first suck my cock and allow me to fuck you. You see, in my household I believe it is proper for all the noblemen and women to love all their servants, even those of the same gender, physically to insure their loyalty." 

"All members of the Ashburn House are physically blessed and very talented in sexual matters," Lady Ashburn added. 

"Yes," Lord Ashburn agreed, "if a man be loath to bite the hand that feeds him, he will be doubly loath to renounce the cock which fucks him so well." Both the Lord and Lady laughed aloud at that moment. "Now, I want you sit on Mary's lovely face so she can loosen up that beautiful ass of yours for while my cock is not nearly size of yours, it is still quite large." 

Peter, now no longer afraid and indeed unbelievably horny, looked down and found Mary on her back her head between his feet. Grinning, Peter squatted low, until his ass was just hovering over the lovely maid's face. Mary then gripped Peter's butt cheeks and brought him down the rest of the way. He groaned loudly as her tongue found its way into his anus. While Peter's mouth was opened in pleasure, the Lord Ashburn took the opportunity, stood up, and put the large head of his cock into Peter's gapping mouth. 

Because Peter was forced to balance himself on his hand while Mary eat him, it was left to the Lady Ashburn to feed her husband's cock to the young man. "Does that taste good?" she asked huskily. 

"Yes!" Peter cried around his mouthful of cock. 

"Then take in more!" She cried back and pushed on her husband's ass, forcing more of his cock down the boy's throat. 

Overcome with lust, Lord Ashburn grabbed Peter by back of his head and began to forcefully fuck the young man's mouth. "Oh, I can't take it anymore!" He scream and pushed Peter off Mary's face and in an instant had in on the floor on all fours. Aligning up his huge cock with Peter, tight, gleaming asshole, Lord Ashburn pushed forward and forced some six inches into the boy's ass. Peter shrieked, first in pain and then in total pleasure. 

Lord Ashburn pumped all of himself into Peter as he could and in a few minutes his foot long cock was buried to the hilt in Peter's tight, hot asshole. 

For what seemed like hours, they fucked. Soon, Peter realized that someone was sucking on his cock and that his face was buried in a hairless pussy. In his bliss, he couldn't decide which woman he was eating and who was sucking him.

After a great length of time, Lord Ashburn pulled out of Peter's ass and brought him up by the scruff of the neck Peter could finish him off with his mouth. Not caring that the cock had just moments before been deep within his ass, Peter greedily suck the thing clean and then beat it off with his hands until his Lord was at long last ready. 

The load was huge, spilling out over the sides of Peter's mouth. But the boy swallowed it all, greatly enjoying the taste of sperm. 

The servant smiled up at his lord.

"Yes," Lord Ashburn said, "I think you shall do well here."

To Be Continued...