 When she finally returned to her room, Rosy took one look at her and asked, "And what have you been doing today?"

Falling onto her bed, she sighed, "What haven't I done today?" She closed her eyes, with a smile. "Oh, Rosy, I have been so very wicked," she said with a laugh.

"Oh, really," her friend scoffed.

Looking over at the other girl, Suzanna admitted, "I had sex with three men tonight, all at the same time!"

Not believing her, Rosy again scoffed, "You did not!"

"It's true. Lord Worthington returned from his club with two friends. They had been drinking and before I knew it, I was naked on his bed with the three of them." With a giggle, she added, "And I was blindfolded."

"You were what?" Rosy asked, clearly astonished.

"I couldn't tell who was doing what to me!" she said with glee. "I don't even know the full names of Lord's two friends!"

"But Suzy, that means you're not a virgin anymore! I thought you wanted to get married and have children some day. No man will have you if you're spoiled."

"Oh Rosy, I've been spoiled for quite some time now," she said with a sigh, a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.

Giving her a stern look, Rosy warned, "You had best be careful you don't get into trouble. Somehow I don't think Lord Worthington will find you all that appealing if you're pregnant. And even if it doesn't happen, we both know his Mum is keen to have him married. Do you think the new Lady will want to keep you around?"

Her joyful mood vanished at Rosy's words. She was right. She and Lord were having fun, but that didn't mean that he felt anything for her. She was only a plaything, an amusing diversion. "But now that it's started what do I do?" she asked her friend. "I can't just make him stop."

"Maybe you could ask Mrs. Simms to assign you elsewhere in the house," she suggested.

Somehow she knew Lord wouldn't take kindly to that. He had specifically requested that she be his personal servant. If she were to stop performing those duties, she would be sent packing.

"Or you could try being not so accommodating," Rosy suggested.

"But I can't help myself when I'm around him. I have to wear these dresses, I'm not to wear drawers when I tend to him. I'm aroused before I even reach his rooms. And then I see him and it's all I can do to not fall into bed with him." She looked up at her friend, her distress showing plainly in her eyes. "He only has to lower his voice and I can barely think straight."

"Well, then, I guess you're stuck," Rosy said, shrugging her shoulders. "Just hope he gets married soon, then you'll be sent off to another part of the house."

The next morning, she stood before his doors, remembering her friend's words. She would try to not be so accommodating, she thought. She would be brisk and efficient and that was all. She drew in a deep, steadying breath as the clock chimed and she opened the doors. She sailed past his bed without even looking at him and pulled back the curtains.

"Good morning, my Lord," she called and then walked straight into his dressing room.

She knew he was most likely going to comment on her change in attitude and she was nervous as she began to lay out his clothes for the day. She had barely even started, when he called out to her, "Suzanna, come back in here."

She walked only as far as the doorway between the two rooms and only glanced at him. He was sitting up in bed, bare chested, the blankets sitting dangerously low across his stomach. She turned her gaze to the wall above his bed waiting for his instructions.

"Look at me," he demanded. She reluctantly returned her gaze to him, focusing on his shoulder. "What's wrong?" he asked.

"Nothing is wrong, m'lord," she replied stiffly.

He stared at her for a few moments, noting that he had never seen her so uncomfortable. "Come over here," he said.

Hesitating, she replied, "My Lord, I would request that I no longer tend to you in your bed."

He raised his eyebrows in surprise. "No longer tend to me in my bed?" he asked. "What does that mean? You no longer wish to have me fuck you?" With a wicked smile, he rose wrapping a sheet around his torso. He approached her, standing directly in front of her. He reached out and grabbing her chin in his hands, forced her to look into his eyes.

Her green eyes swam with tears as she pleaded, "Please, m'lord, no more."

Confused, he released his hold, but did not step away from her. "But why? Have you not enjoyed the times we've been together?" Pausing, he said, "Does this have anything to do with yesterday? It is not my intention to begin sharing you with my friends. I would never force you to do anything you don't want," he reassured her.

"I know, but I think it should stop before something happens," she said softly.

"Something happens?" he asked. "Aaahh," he breathed, suddenly comprehending. He turned her and wrapped his arms around her from behind. "I understand. We'll have no more of that, but you are not to be so distant. I like it much better when you're friendly."

At his embrace and his soft words in her ear, her breath caught in her throat. Her heart began to hammer and her new resolve threatened to disappear. "I can't be friendly with you. I have too much trouble resisting you." She tried to push his arms away. "Please," she pleaded.

He gave her such a forlorn look that she relented, "I'll try," she offered.

Reluctantly he let her go. "What am I doing today?" he asked.

"You're spending the morning with your mother," she answered laying out a pair of trousers for him.

He sighed heavily. "Oh no," he muttered.

Thinking perhaps she had chosen the wrong clothes for him, she paused in pulling out a jacket. "Are the clothes not suitable?" she asked.

Looking at the clothes for the first time, he said absentmindedly, "No, the choice is perfect, as usual." Still wearing only the sheet, he slumped into a chair. "It's just that I know what she wants to talk to me about. I've been dreading and avoiding it for a few years now, but I fear it's time has finally come."

"She feels it's time for you to marry," Suzanna said.

Looking up at her with a quizzical expression, he asked, "How did you know?"

Smiling, she replied, "You would be amazed at the gossip that travels through the servants quarters. I already know who she wants you to marry."

With a wince, he asked, "Who?"

Selecting a tie for him, she replied, "Lady Olivia." She glanced up to see his handsome face twist with disgust and she couldn't help but laugh.

"Lady Olivia? She must be off her rocker!" Looking at her desperately, he asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yes, m'lord. Why? What is the matter with her?"

"She's this fluttery, twittering thing without a brain in her head. She's fat as a cow and has a face to match. Plus she's only about fifteen years old!"

"Well, m'lord, I'm sure there are some prettier Ladies out there who would love to become your wife," she replied.

"You would be surprised at how untrue that statement is. Too much inbreeding or something," he said with a scowl. "Besides, I'm not even thirty. Father was over forty when Mother married him."

"Rumor has it, that it has something to do with your incessant philandering," she said with a small smile.

He glanced at her, his eyes sweeping over her body, "Hmmph...my philandering," he said sarcastically. Unknown to most, since Suzanna had become his maid, his interest in other women had all but vanished. She satisfied his every carnal desire and she did it frequently. However, his carefully crafted reputation that he had once prided himself on was now to be his downfall.

Pulling the sheet tight, he stood with a sigh. "I had best get cleaned up and get this over with."

She watched him as he left the room, sighing with relief. He had agreed to leave her alone. Now if only she could do the same.

*******************************

"But Mother, Lady Olivia?" he exclaimed. Much to his distress, Suzanna had been right.

"What's wrong with her?" his mother asked. "She'd make a fine wife for you."

"She's a child! Can't you think of someone who's at least eighteen?"

"Eighteen? To find a Lady of any worth who is unmarried and unspoken for at that age is impossible. I was promised to your father when I was only thirteen."

"But you didn't marry until years later. He was free to do as he pleased until then."

Looking at him with disapproval, she replied, "Yes, but at least what he pleased was respectable. Building the family wealth and increasing his knowledge of the world was a fine thing for me to wait for. You, on the other hand, are only interested in drinking at your club and chasing unrespectable women."

He opened his mouth to protest, but she cut him off. "Don't even try to deny it Worthington. I have been aware of your escapades for quite awhile and it is now time for them to end." Fixing him with a stern gaze, she continued, "If you find Lady Olivia so unappealing, then make another suggestion. I expect a list of at least four girls by the end of the week. Do I make myself clear?"

Slumped in his chair, he grumbled, "Yes Mother."

She rose from her chair and snapped, "Sit up straight," before sweeping out of the room.

He morosely returned to his rooms. What he needed right now was a little affection from Suzanna. His spirits lifted as he pictured her, but they fell even lower as he recalled her desire to refrain from any sexual activity. He entered his rooms to find her absent. Looking at the clock he realized she must be having lunch. His thoughts of her earlier had aroused him and as unbidden images of her in various stages of undress drifted through his mind, he soon found his trousers too restrictive and he tugged them open. He peeled off his jacket, vest and shirt before falling onto the bed.

He pushed his trousers to his hips, freeing his erection. He wrapped his hand around his throbbing organ and began to stroke himself, imagining Suzanna naked above him, her full breasts framed by her luscious auburn colored hair.

He moaned softly as he pictured her with her head flung back, riding him with abandon, crying out his name as his hands fondled her breasts. He arched his back and squirmed on the bed, his arousal increasing. He called up memories of her on her knees, her head pushed into the pillows as he filled her ass with his cock. The sweetness of the recollection was more than he could bear and with a loud groan he came forcefully, spewing cum over his chest.

He lay with his eyes closed, breathing heavily when he heard a sound at the door. Opening his eyes, he turned his head to see Suzanna clutching the door frame, staring at him. The lust and desire in her eyes was enough to cause his cock to twitch and begin coming back to life. "How long have you been standing there?" he asked huskily.

"A few minutes," she whispered.

"I'm sorry for my improper display but since you are no longer available, I must satisfy myself. Although, it is your fault I'm like this at all. It was recollections of you that put me in this lusty state," he said, slowly stroking his hardening dick. 

She stared at his large cock, biting at her lips. Her pussy was aching for him, her body screaming for his touch.

Not wanting to entice her into doing something she would regret later, he pulled a sheet over himself. She responded with a small cry as he shielded himself from her view. "You don't want me to cover myself?" he asked, his mouth curling into a smile.

She only stared at him, her breathing heavy, as she shook her head. "No," she whispered.

With agonizing slowness he pulled the sheet back. Gently grasping his cock in his hands, he resumed his slow stroking. "Is the worry of becoming with child the only reason you wanted us to stop?" he asked her.

As if mesmerized, she nodded her head. He rose from the bed and walked towards where she stood in the doorway. He gently stroked her cheek. "As you know, there are ways that we can enjoy each other where that will not happen."

A corner of her mouth curved up into a mischievous smile as she dropped to her knees in front of him. Taking him in her hand, she began to slowly stroke him. She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock before taking the length of it in her mouth. She drew it out slowly, causing Lord to grip the doorframe for support with one hand, while tangling his fingers in her hair with the other.

Holding her head still, he gently and slowly pumped in and out of her mouth, his eyes closed, enveloped in the glorious sensations she was providing. He began to increase the tempo of his thrusts before finally succumbing to the silky warmth of her mouth and crying out at his climax.

She gazed up at him with shining eyes as he reached down to her, drawing her to her feet. He scooped her up in his arms and lay her on the bed. He bent his head and kissed her deeply as his hands ran up the inside of her thigh. Even though she hadn't had the intention of being intimate with him, she still didn't wear her drawers and he slipped his fingers into her eager pussy.

She moaned against his lips and raised her hips, accepting his touch. He moved his lips to her throat and then to her breasts, tugging on her dress to reveal a nipple that soon disappeared into his mouth. She sighed deeply and ran her fingers through his hair.

He moved lower and she felt his hair brush against her inner thigh as he spread her legs apart, revealing herself to him. The feel of his tongue sliding between the folds of her pussy brought such relief she was almost in tears. Her breath burst through her lips as her back arched. She again tangled her fingers in his dark tresses, pulling him closer to her.

He lapped at her sweetness, enveloped in the musky scent of her. After she had climaxed repeatedly she begged for mercy. "Please m'lord, no more. I have no strength left."

He rose and lay beside her, gazing at her beautiful face. Her lips were parted as her breathing eventually slowed and she drifted into sleep. He swept a lock of burnished brown hair from her face and was suddenly overcome with a feeling unlike any he had encountered before. What had this innocent young woman done to him?

...to be continued...