 The inn was usually busier than this, but with the recent weather, fewer people were traveling the roads which meant that The Lost Lantern was home to only a trio of guests this evening. That was perfectly fine with Imra. While the bar being full of regulars was pleasant enough, the few times that the roads had been busy and the common room packed the evenings had been less enjoyable. Imra almost always earned a few stares when someone came into the Lantern for the first times. Elves were a rarity among these parts, most people seeing but a few in a lifetime, but a drow was all but unheard of here. With only stories about how they were to be feared the reputation of her people hardly helped her, but Imra was always quick to make a good impression. Strangers quickly warmed up to her, even given her more than unusual appearance and their distrust of her people.

Imra completely understood their reactions, drow had a reputation for stalking the mountain passes and meeting one and living to talk about it was a rarity. She had been abandoned when she was young and raised far away from her people, and after years of living hidden away from civilization, she had decided to rejoin the world. For the most part, she had been pleasantly surprised by how quickly the humans came to accept her. It had been difficult at first, finding a job had been a challenge along with not being run out of town. Jarrod, the innkeeper, and bartender of the Lantern had finally taken pity on her and put her to work serving tables as the sole waitress at the inn. He was a kind older man, his hair greying, his frame equally heavy with muscle and fat. It had hurt the reputation of the inn at the beginning, but it eventually recovered and Imra had become somewhat of a point of interest for the nearby townsfolk.

She had been nervous around humans for a while, aside from the Ranger that had raised her she hadn't spoken to many of them before. Jarrod had been quick to throw anyone out of the inn that had a problem with her, but that usually wasn't the case. Given enough time to talk to them, she was able to get most of them to look past the stigma of her being a drow. Although she could hardly take all of the credit for that, little of what she did to change minds relied on her words. Imra had been blessed with a beauty that could make most people reconsider the fear they felt for her people. Her strange appearance was both exotic and appealing, generally drow were built similarly to elves, tall, slender with pointed ears. Drow had far darker skin than their cousins, Imra's was a dark purple, nearly black. She had long flowing white hair that nearly reached her waist when hanging loose, at the moment it was in a single long braid that reached halfway down her back. Bright yellow eyes and full dark lips drew looks to her face, along with the elven beauty she possessed. Imra was far more than just a pretty face though. Even growing up in the woods and with barely enough to eat she had grown up with curves. She hadn't realized quite how many until she was around more humans and had seen several women. Imra was average height for her people, or so she had been told, but her figure would have had her standing out amongst them, a full busty chest led down to a narrow waist and wide hips.

Over the course of her working at the inn, she learned that men, in particular, warmed up to her quite quickly, not to mention they were more generous with their coin. More recently she had begun to exploit her knowledge, testing her theories. Every few weeks her skirt would get a bit shorter, or she'd tailor her top to fit her curves slightly better. She quickly noticed a change in both attitude and generosity from the male customers and to her surprise some of the women as well. Imra had gone further, wanting to see how they would react to more, brushing against them as she poured a glass, bending over to offer a better view up her skirt, even sitting on a few laps of generous customers. Jarrod had raised an eyebrow more than a few times at her behavior and she suspected he had some stern words with a few of the more bold men, but he never stopped her. Imra for her part was quite pleased with the results and had been saving up far more coins the past few months than she ever had before.

From behind the bar, Jarrod waved her over. Imra excused herself from the small talk with one of the three customers that were there that night. "Seems like this lot is it then for the night." The pounding of the rain and the cry of thunder had scared anyone else from traveling down their road it seemed.

"Seems that way, Jarrod," she said looking from him and back over the three men. One of them was a regular, a boy from the nearby village a few years younger than her. Tomic was nice enough, if a bit nervous around her. He sat near the fireplace, reading the book in his hands half of the time and stealing glances at her whenever he could. The other two were staying at the Lost Lantern for the first time. One of them was named Hammond. She had just been talking with him, he was a scribe heading further inland and if he was to be believed he was to present himself before the king and author his story. He was by far the most finely dressed in the inn that night, a fine blue coat and trousers that didn't have a stain on them. He was a score of years older than her, but also quite handsome and charming from their brief talk. The last man had stayed mostly to himself, sitting off in one of the corners and just drinking. He had booked a room as well but had so far only said a dozen or so words other than to order another ale and to reluctantly offer his name, Derrick. He wasn't currently armed, the first thing he had done upon arriving was to go up to his room and leave what had seemed to be a small mountain of weapons and his armor before returning to the common room. Between that and the scars across his face he had seen a fair amount of fighting, so Imra assumed her was a soldier or mercenary. 

"With Hammond already eating I don't think they'll need much more. Do you mind keeping an eye on them the rest of the night?" Jarrod rarely wasn't the last one in the common room each night, but he had been up early today patching holes in the roof before the storm arrived. If he was asking to retire early he must be exhausted.

"Of course, it's not a problem. Get up to bed, it's just three customers, I think I can handle it. I'd bet good coin on no one else showing up tonight." Imra answered, patting him on the arm. "No reason for both of us to stay up late."

He nodded slowly, beginning to wipe down the bar. "Alright," he answered reluctantly, still unsure about leaving her alone, "if anyone else does so arrive or someone causes any trouble you come and get me though."

"Everything will be fine, Jarrod, I'm sure I can handle them." He glanced up at her, but she just returned the look with a smile. "And you deserve a break."

He grunted in reply, making his way from behind the bar and putting a hand on her shoulder. "I'm sure you can." He patted it, heading into the back of the inn to the staircase that led to his room.

"Good night, Jarrod," Imra called after him. He managed one last tired wave before disappearing, he was more exhausted than she had suspected. She turned to look over the three other occupants of the common room, it certainly seemed like it was going to be a boring evening. The loudest sounds were from the storm outside, inside the inn was quiet and restful, they hadn't spoken a word to each other and aside from Hammond, few with her. Within a few hours, she could expect the guests to go up to their rooms and she'd close up. She might be able to get some coin from Hammond, it would be a fun way to pass some time, but aside from another drink or two to serve, Imra didn't expect anything else to happen tonight.

Barely a minute passed since Jarrod left before Tomic made a move to speak. He had been watching her from over his book and was finally managing to talk, but before he could get a word out Hammond spoke up, "Another glass of that fine northern wine if you could, my dear." He asked, looking back at her.

"Of course," she answered cheerfully. She moved behind the bar, taking the bottle and heading over to his table, her step was as graceful as ever, light on her feet as all elves were. By the fire Tomic slumped back into his seat slightly, peering back down into his book.

"Thank you so much, dear," Hammond said with a smile. He pushed his plate away from him, it was nearly completely clean of every scrap of food. "You must give my compliments to Jarrod, the meal, wine, and the company have been lovely."

"He can only take credit for one of those I'm afraid," Imra replied, filling his glass again with the red wine and offering him a wide smile.

"Indeed." Hammond accepted the glass the moment it was filled, looking up at her, his eyes roaming along her before reaching her face. Imra had practiced sewing for months to get her dress just right, the black and white garment hugged her curves just as she wanted, the hem of the skirt just barely reaching her knees, and the front of it clinging to her chest and being low cut enough to begin to show the swell of her breasts. "I'm certain you hear this all of the time, but you are ravishingly beautiful. If one of the Goddess was watching she would be red with envy." To the side, Tomic sunk lower into his chair as they talked.

She couldn't help but smile at Hammond's words, "I have heard as much before, but not in such words," she lightly brushed his arm, "thank you."

"No need to thank me, I am simply speaking the truth." He glanced around the nearly empty common room, his hand moving to rest on hers. "If you are not too busy I would adore the chance to speak with you more, I have never personally met a drow before, nor a woman of your beauty. I would relish the chance to get to know you more intimately."

Imra smiled down at him, "I would enjoy that, but I'm afraid I can't, one of the other guests might need something." It was a deflection more than anything, Tomic hadn't needed anything for over an hour, and Derrick had been nursing his latest ale. She was curious to see the lengths Hammond would go for her attention though. 

He sighed, clearly disappointed, "I understand, of course, but perhaps when they do not distract you." A teasing smile returned to his face, "Or is it a matter of enticing you more?" With a deft flick of his left hand Hammond suddenly held a silver coin between two fingers, he looked up at her offering her the coin, "A foreign beauty of your grace must have all sorts seeking a moment of your time, I am not above bribery to help my cause." He was as charming as she thought he would be.

"You do have a way with words, Hammond." Imra drew her hand back, taking the silver coin between her fingers and slipping it into a small pocket on her dress. "I will happily return, once I have checked on the other guests."

"Do not keep me waiting, my dear," he said with a smile, "I am as generous as I am charming, and I think you are a woman worthy of the former."

"I'll be back as soon as I can manage." She bent forward, taking his empty plate of food. Imra leaned forward far more than was necessary, smiling up at him as she granted him a view further down the front of her dress, the hem of her skirt riding higher with the movement as well. The look in his eyes said more than his words ever could as they took in both the view of the front of the dress and darted down to take in her long dark legs. She moved back to the bar, putting the plate behind it and leaving the wine bottle. The drow walked over to Derrick a very deliberate sway in her step as she moved. "Can I get you anything else, sir?" she asked. He glanced at her but just grunted in reply and turned his attention back to his ale taking a drink from his mug. "Just let me know if you need anything then." She moved from him over to Tomic, he was glaring at Hammond as hard as he had been gazing at her before. He jumped as she suddenly spoke to him, "Did you need anything, Tomic?"

"What?" He glanced up at her confused, "No, I mean yes." He said tensely. Imra was almost positive that he had a crush on her, one which she tried to do nothing to encourage. Tomic was a kind young man, but Imra wasn't looking for marriage or even a relationship. Given the way, the townsfolk were around here those would be the two things on his mind. She knew if he tried to pursue her that she would end up breaking his heart. "Do you think we could talk for a moment, alone?"

"I can't leave the common room, I'm sorry," she said gently, "Maybe it would be best for you to head home." He had clearly seen her flirting with Hammond, and she wished him no hard feelings it would be best if he wasn't here right now. As if to counter her thought there was a crash of thunder outside showing the storm was nowhere near subsiding.

"I... understand." He said slowly, glaring at Hammond for a moment. His expression softened as he looked up to her, "I'll go once the rain stops."

Imra gave him a smile and nodded, "Alright, take care of yourself, Tomic." He tried returning to his book but his eyes followed every one of her steps as she walked back to Hammond.

"You have returned, my dear, I trust the other gentleman are satisfied?" He said looking up to her.

"As well as you can expect," Imra replied, sparing a brief moment to glance at Tomic. She didn't share his feelings but she didn't want to hurt him. There was no need to force him to see her flirting with other men, but she wasn't going to turn down the coin Hammond was offering though. "Shall I have a seat then?" He nodded. There weren't any other chairs at his table, however, so she stepped around him and with a single movement planted herself firmly on his lap. She nestled in against him, sitting sideways on him, the short skirt hardly in the way as she settled down. "I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not, my dear, this is ideal." Hammond leaned back in his chair, one arm slipped around her narrow waist, the other moved to rest on her barely covered knee. He beamed down at her, "In fact, this is the best possible outcome." Imra slightly adjusted her position and she could hear an audible intake of breath from him. The dress really didn't get in the way much and he'd be able to feel her through the fabric quite easily. "I hope I am not to forward or have the wrong impression," he said, prefacing his words, "but how much would it be to have you for the night? I have never seen a woman like you before and I would regret it forever if I passed up the prospect."

Imra had bedded a few of the visitors at the inn before, but never for coin. Occasionally one was charming enough that she found her way to his room eventually. She was taken aback by the offer but not offended, she had been implying this sort of thing after all. "I'm not sure," she answered slowly, rocking back and forced against him. She could feel his arousal growing against her as she moved, "how much do you think I'm worth?"

"Are you trying to trick me, dear Imra? I could not begin to conceive of a weight of treasure deserving of your beauty." The hand rest around her waist squeezed her tighter as the fingers on her knee moved down lower, pressing against her nearly black skin.

"No trick." She replied, smiling up at him. Her hand moved down to his, her touch soft against his as she slowly pressed his fingers further up underneath her dress and along her bare elven thigh.

Hammond's eyes widened at her boldness, "Very well then," at her invitation, his hand moved up even further, tightly caressing her inner thigh, "for a beauty such as yourself, a singular wonder in this world, a dozen gold coins."

She tried to hide her shock and just keep a smile on her black lips. A dozen gold was a small fortune. The Lost Lantern might not make that in a year, it was more than a hundred times what she had already saved. "You are charming," she whispered slowly, "for that, I'm all yours, I'll do anything you desire for the night."

"Wonderful." He whispered softly into her pointed ear, "I have many desires, and I worry I will never have the chance to explore a creature of your beauty again." His fingers moved higher, brushing against her thin panties.

She inhaled sharply at the touch, glancing over at Tomic and Derrick. The older man hadn't looked up from his drink, and Tomic seemed to be looking at his book, but he had likely just been looking up at them. "We should wait until we get to your room." 

"I am not concerned if they notice, and you did just say that you are mine, and right now I desire you here and now." Hammond murmured his lips almost against her ear. His fingers pressed against her again, teasing the lips of her sex.

Imra gasped and nodded, he wasn't wrong and the coin he had offered was beyond generous. It would be a lie to say that being in the common room with the two other men able to see them didn't send a thrill through her. Thankfully Jarrod had gone to sleep and nothing short of an earthquake would wake him up, he'd hardly stand for her being treated like this in front of him. The drow had to suddenly bite down on her lip to keep from making a sound as Hammond's fingers touched her again, this time far more firmly, running along the length of her.

"Excellent." Hammond continued his exploration of her, his hand moving up along the band of her panties and tugging them down her legs until they slipped down and were left hanging off one ankle. His fingers immediately returned to her now bare sex, teasing her with his touch.

Imra hadn't thought she could get aroused so quickly, she was already wet as his hand caressed her again, letting out a soft moan she couldn't muffle as his fingers probed against her. Beneath her, she could feel his equally aroused shaft pushing against her. Her breath caught as he slipped a pair of fingers into her, urging them forward into her tightness. She couldn't help but rock herself against him again, both grinding along his still contained length and herself against his fingers. She was so distracted by his touch that she hadn't even noticed Derrick walk away from his table. There was a scrape of wood against wood as he dragged a chair over to the table where the two of them were. Imra's yellow eyes snapped to him, but she couldn't find the words to speak at the moment.

"Can I help you, friend?" Hammond asked casually as his fingers pressed deeper into her.

"Not you, her," Derrick grunted, he was younger than Hammond by a few years but far broader in the shoulder. He might have been handsome once, but scars and years of fighting had chipped away at it. He was looking her over, his dark eyes roaming over her curves and her legs, which were far more exposed than previously.

"I believe she already said that she is mine for the evening. So I will be happy to answer any question you have for her." He thrust his fingers further into her, "Is that correct, Imra?" She nodded, chewing her bottom lip again.

"Fine then, how much for her?" Derrick stated matter of factly, "I've never gotten to fuck a drow before, and if she's a working girl then I'm interested." 

"I have already paid her for the evening," Hammond answered. Another finger joined the first two, thrusting shallowly into her, "but I think Imra would be willing to take another client for the same price as myself, a dozen gold pieces. A beauty such as hers shouldn't be selfishly hidden, and I would not feel right keeping her to just myself."

Derrick shook his head at the cost, a scowl on his face, "That's an expensive pussy."

"From what I've sampled I think it will be worth it," Hammond added, his fingers dancing along her, "and as you said, there are not many drow girls around."

A few moments passed before Derrick answered, the only sound was the storm outside and the moans escaping Imra's lips. "Fine," he pulled out a coin purse and began counting out coins. "I've never seen a drow who wasn't trying to kill someone or a woman of her beauty, so finding both in one will be worth it." He pulled his eyes from Imra to look over at Tomic by the fireplace, "Boy, come over here."
