 I met Jen when I was 24. I was a bartender at a local bar and she was a regular customer. She was a stunning woman. 23 years old, long red hair, emerald green eyes, and a body to die for. Her breasts were a nice firm 38c, a nice flat stomach with a belly ring, long legs that lead to one of the most incredible heart shaped asses that I had ever seen. She was always showing off her body, in the shortest dresses and low cut blouses. I noticed that while she let a lot of men buy her drinks and she danced with a lot of them, she always left the bar in the evening alone. After I had been working there for about 3 months, I asked her out. She said yes. 6 months later we were married. I was the happiest man on earth. 

Our sex life was always incredible. She was very passionate in bed and was willing to do anything. She loved to give head, loved her pussy eaten and her asshole licked, and she really liked to have anal sex. She had a very hot and tight asshole that never failed to coax the cum from my balls in huge spurts. She loved to talk dirty. She especially liked it when I talked real dirty to her, calling her a cock hungry slut or other things like that. 

Just before our second anniversary we started talking about our fantasies. At first we discussed rather tame ones. But soon we got more daring, sharing deep dark fantasies. It seemed that we had one fantasy in common: for her to be with other men in front of me. I couldn't believe my luck! Not only was Jen the perfect wife in every way, she wanted the same sexual experiences as I did. So we started planning on making this fantasy come true. 

When the night arrived that we were going to do it, I rushed home from work to get cleaned up. When I opened the door, Jen greeted me with a big hug and a deep kiss. She told me that she loved me deeply and hoped I would enjoy what we were going to do. I said, "Jen, I have dreamed of this since the day we met. I cannot wait to see you with another man." She smiled a big smile and told me to go get ready. I quickly showered and dressed for the evening. When I was finished, I went looking for Jen. She was dressed to kill. She was wearing a short black mini dress that barely covered her ass and showed lots of cleavage. She had on black thigh high hose with garters and black "cum fuck me" 5" high heels. My cock got hard instantly. She looked gorgeous. 

We drove to a bar in the city far away from the small town we lived in. We found a hip looking dance club and parked the car. As we walked in, she stopped me in the parking lot. She turned to me and asked if I was sure about this. I said I was and asked her if she was. She assured me she was more than ready. So we went inside. The club was fairly crowded and the music was very loud. We found a table in the back of the room and sat down. I had noticed that as we walked across the room several men had been watching Jen. As we sat down and ordered drinks, Jen leaned over and told me that she didn't have any panties on. I slid my hand under the table and put it on her thigh. I kissed her and pushed my hand up under her dress to find she was telling me the truth. I pushed two fingers deep into her pussy and started to finger fuck her. She leaned her head back and moaned softly. As I was doing this I noticed two good-looking studs at the next table were watching us. I pointed this out to Jen and she spread her legs more to give them a show. It didn't take long before they came over and asked us if they could join us. 

Jen looked up and smiled and said, "Sure guys, have a seat." We introduced ourselves, and they told us their names were James and Brent. James was around 6'2" with an athlete's build. He had dark hair and eyes. Brent was around 6' and a little thinner than James. He had blonde hair and blue eyes. We had a few more drinks and made some small talk. Finally Brent asked Jen if she wanted to dance. She said yes and the two of them ventured out to the dance floor. The song that was playing was a fast tune and Jen was really doing some dirty dancing for Brent. James and I could not take our eyes off of her. The next song was a slow one and Brent grabbed Jen and pulled her close to him. I watched as my wife pushed her body against his, going with his every movement. He slid his hands down her back to her ass and started to squeeze it. She looked up at him and kissed him deeply. It was then that James decided it was time for him to cut in. He took Jen in his arms and kissed her just as deeply as Brent had only a few moments before. He slid his hands down her back as well, grabbing her ass. As he did this, he raised her skirt just enough so that anyone who was looking got a great shot of my wife's naked ass. I could see as he cupped her perfect ass cheeks in his large hands. I could tell Jen was totally turned on...and so was I.

We decided it was time to set the rest of our plan into motion. We told Brent and James we were going back to our hotel and asked them if they would like to join us for a nightcap. They both readily agreed. I told them to follow us to the hotel. On the drive back, Jen was really excited. She talked all the way to the hotel about James and Brent. Saying how sexy they were, about the dances and them grabbing her ass. She really liked it when James lifted her dress exposing her ass to the crowd. We got to the hotel and we got out of the car. We took a moment and kissed, our tongues exploring the others mouth. James and Brent pulled into the spot next to us. They got out of the car and came over to us and Jen kissed them the same way. After a few minutes I said, "Why don't we move this up to the room, guys?" 

They all nodded in agreement. Jen took Brent and James' arms and we proceeded up to the room. Once inside the guys were on her in a flash. James grabbed her and kissed her, grabbing a tit in each hand. Brent moved up behind her and lifted her dress up and off of her. I took a chair and moved it to the corner of the bed and sat down to watch these two studs fuck my wife. Jen was standing before them nude except for her stockings, garter and high heels. The guys quickly undressed and pushed her onto the bed. Both of the men were very well endowed. James' cock was at least 8" long and very thick. Brents cock on the other hand was over 9" long and a little thinner. They had her on her back on the bed, each sucking on one of her ample breasts. She had a cock in each hand and was stroking them slowly. Brent started to move down her body, kissing his way down her stomach to her dripping hole. Jen spread her legs to give him access to her pussy and he dove in, licking her snatch with long, wet strokes. James raised up and guided his cock toward her waiting mouth. She wrapped one hand around his shaft and cupped his balls with the other. She lifted his cock and took his balls into her mouth, first sucking on one then the other. James moaned, "Yeah, that's it baby...suck my balls. Lick them good." She then licked from the base of his cock up to the head. Getting the entire shaft wet with her saliva. She looked up and made eye contact with him and licked the pre-cum off of the head of his cock. Then she started to work the length of his cock into her mouth. James grabbed a handful of her hair and drove his cock into her mouth, gagging her a little. 

"Yeah, gag on that big cock, you little slut!" he exclaimed. "Suck it, bitch. Suck it good". Brent meanwhile was pushing three fingers inside my wife's wet pussy and licking her clit like a man possessed. She was humping against his mouth as he licked her. James turned to me and said, "Man, you have a hot wife here. What a slut. She really knows how to suck a cock!" I just smiled and said that I knew it. Brent was now really going to town on her pussy with his tongue and Jen was getting close to cumming for the first time. I saw her raise her ass off of the bed, humping against Brent's mouth as hard as she could. James' cock slid from her mouth as she reached the peak and started to cum.

 "Oh fuck yes! Lick my cunt, Brent. I am gonna cum! Oh fuck yeah, I'M CUMMINGGGGGGG!" she screamed. She drenched Brent's face with her cum and he loved every minute of it. He drank in her juices as she continued to cum on his mouth. She was breathing heavily as she came down off of the orgasm that had just racked her body. 

She finally took a deep breath and told Brent that was one of the best orgasms she had ever had. Brent looked up at James and said, "I want to try her mouth now. Why don't you see if you can make her cum again?" So they switched places and Brent fed his cock into Jens smiling face. James lifted Jens legs up over his shoulders and slid his cock into her in one smooth push. I heard a muffled "mmmfff" from Jen as he entered her. He started to fuck her with slow, deep thrusts. I could see her lift her ass off the bed to match his tempo as he banged my slutty wife. Brent was also busy fucking my wife's mouth with his hard cock. She was sucking on it like a ten-dollar whore. Taking long, deep strokes on his cock. I could see her tongue working the underside of his cock while she sucked. I could tell both men were going to pop soon. Brent went first, shoving his cock down my wife's throat as he came. Jen swallowed as fast as she could, but couldn't quite get it all and some ran from the corner of her mouth and down her chin. A couple of seconds later James bellowed, "Fuck yeah...I'm gonna cum in this hot pussy of yours, bitch!" And with that he emptied his balls deep in my wife's cunt. When she felt him squirting inside of her, it triggered her second orgasm of the night. As everyone came down off of their orgasms they collapsed in a big heap on the bed. I was amazed at the scene I had just witnessed. I always knew Jen was one hell of a fuck, but I had never seen her like this.

Soon the three of them started to recover and come back to life. I opened a bottle of bourbon and fixed everyone a drink. James and Brent were going on about how hot Jen was and how great she was in bed. Jen was sitting there on the edge of the bed with a smile on her face. I could tell she wasn't finished yet. After we finished our drinks, she moved back up on the bed and said, "I hope you guys aren't finished with me yet, because I am not even close to being finished with you!" 

Brent and James looked at each other and then at me and smiled. "Let's go get her, dude." James said to Brent. They moved onto the bed, pulling Jen onto her knees between them. Brent started kissing her and James started sucking on her breasts. Her nipples got hard almost immediately under his talented tongue. She reached down and grabbed their semi-hard cocks and began to stroke them back to hardness. Brent shifted positions and lay down on the bed, pulling Jen down on top of him. She used her fingers to spread her pussy open for him and impaled herself on his rock hard shaft. She started to slowly ride his cock, taking him deep inside of her, then raising up until only the head was in her before plunging back down. By this point I couldn't take it anymore and took off all of my clothes and started to stroke my hard cock. Watching Jen fuck these two men was the hottest thing I had ever seen. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better; James slid around behind Jen and grabbed her ass. He spread her cheeks wide and rubbed some of her ample wetness over her asshole. He then rubbed some on his cock and pushed the head against her tight little brown pucker. Jen looked over her shoulder at him and said, "Oh fuck yeah, shove that hard cock up my ass. 

I love having my ass fucked. Put it in there, James!" 

"You better believe it slut, I am going to fuck your ass good!" James grunted. "I am going to fuck your ass right here in front of your husband, you little slut!" With that he pushed the entire length of his cock into her ass. I thought she was going to come unglued. She started humping for all she was worth. This was the first time Jen had ever been double penetrated and she was going crazy with lust. She was rubbing and pinching her nipples as the guys fucked her wet holes. I finally could take no more and climbed onto the bed myself. Jen had an open hole and I intended to use it. I bent down and kissed her first then grabbed a handful of hair and shoved my cock into her mouth. She looked so fucking hot with three cocks using her at the same time. She looked up at me as she sucked my cock. It was everything I could do not to cum right then. So I pulled my cock from her mouth and slapped her face with it several times. She stuck out her tongue and tried to lick my cock, but I kept pulling it back from her. I guided her mouth down to my balls and she greedily sucked them into her mouth, her tongue licking hungrily on my sack. 

Brent was watching her suck my nuts, and said, "Go for it bitch, suck his balls. You are one hot slut. Taking three cocks at once." He looked up at me, "Man your wife is fucking hot, man! Look at her take all of these cocks!" 

I guided my cock back into her waiting mouth, "Yeah, that's it honey. Suck my cock while these two studs fuck you." I said. 

James was really getting into her ass. He grabbed her by the hair and shoved her mouth over my cock. "God what a slut," he said. " You fucking love my cock in your ass, don't you cunt?" All Jen could do was grunt her approval as she buried her nose in my pubes. That sent Brent over the edge and he started to fill my slut wife with his cum. He grabbed her by the hips and shoved his cock deep in her as he exploded in her pussy. That started her cumming as well. She started to thrash wildly between the three of us. As her orgasm peaked, her asshole reflexively tightened on James' thrusting member and he too started to cum. He flooded her ass with his hot spunk and it started to run out of her ass, down her thighs and onto Brent's nut sack. That was it for me too, as I started filling her hungry mouth with my warm cum. She sucked every last drop from my balls and opened her mouth to show me my ball juice on her tongue. Then she swallowed all of it in one gulp. The four of us fell onto the bed exhausted. 

Brent and James left soon after. Both leaving us their numbers and telling us if we ever wanted to party again we should call them. After I closed the door, Jen came to me and we shared a long and passionate kiss. I took her to the bed and laid her down. I moved on top of her and kissed her softly. Her hands found my hard cock and guided it into her cum filled pussy. I easily slid into her wet snatch and began to slowly make love to her. We kissed again, and I looked deep into her eyes and told her, "You really are the love of my life, you know that?" 

She smiled up at me and said, "Yes, I know it. I love you too, honey." We made love the rest of the night. Both of us were reliving the night over in our heads as we fucked one another. We finally drifted off to sleep as the sun was coming up. 

Needless to say, we did call James and Brent again...several times. They even brought some friends with them once...but that is another story.