 I wasn't really thinking clearly, but that asshole of an EX-boyfriend really pissed me off this time.

We had a fight, the biggest one yet. I don't even remember what it was about. I do remember him calling me a "fucking slut", and that's when I finally threw his ass out. He left, and if I have anything to say about it, for good this time.

Why do guys always come up with the "slut" name, anyway? The fight was not about my being unfaithful or sleeping around. I guess guys just think it is the ultimate insult.

Well, next thing I knew, I was finding out just how much of a slut I could be.

I had a couple of drinks, and then I put on a short, flimsy skirt and a tube top. I went to a place the asshole had mentioned a couple of times. It was an adult bookstore. He said it had booths and a small theater, and there were always horny guys hanging around. I figured it would be a good place to start experimenting with my sluttiness.

When I entered the door, I immediately could see that there were, indeed, a lot of horny guys hanging around. Old ones, young ones, fat ones, skinny ones, good looking ones, not very good looking ones. There were some that looked to be prosperous, and some that looked like they had been down on their luck for a long time.

It was imposing at first, so I wondered around the front of the store for a while. They had tons of dirty movies, on all subjects, apparently. They had lots of sex toys, mostly dildos and fake cocks, I noticed. Books and other novelty items helped to fill up the floor space. It was actually a big turn-on, and I was beginning to feel more at ease.

Feeling more at ease was a surprise to me, as I noticed that every eye in the place was on me. After awhile, I began to enjoy the attention, so I made a show of bending over to look at an item, or reaching up high to bring one down so I could inspect it. Naturally, my short skirt gave lots of views of my pantiless crotch and ass, and I was learning to love it.

Finally, I decided that I was more at ease, and decided to check out the arcade, as they called it. Many guys had entered and left the door that had that sign over it, so I figured it would be a good place to warm up.

I approached the clerk and asked about getting in to the arcade. He said I needed dollar bills to activate the machines. I had a ten with me, so he changed it in to ones and winked at me and said "Have fun!". That made me a little nervous, but I screwed up my courage and went in.

Once inside, I saw even more guys standing around. It didn't take me long to figure out that a light over a door meant the booth was occupied, and no light meant it was empty. In an attempt to hide from the leering eyes on me, I entered a booth as soon as one came open.

The room was tiny, with a folding chair and a TV screen and a place for me to insert my dollars. I stuck in the first bill in the slot and the screen immediately sprang to life, with a film of one guy sucking off another one. That was a little surprising to me, and I hoped that was not my only option. Very quickly I saw two buttons with up/down indicators on them, and I reasoned that they changed the channels. Pushing one, I was relieved to see I was right. Although the new film was still two guys, I guessed that I might have more options.

I sat down on the chair and began to push the buttons. It was fascinating to watch the steady stream of dirty movies cycle through. Movies that I would never dare rent, but they still had a fascination to me. There were ones with girls on girls, guys with guys, girls with guys, girls with many guys. There even were a couple with guys who had tits and bodies like girls. To my surprise, I was beginning to get very hot.

Thinking that I needed to find out about sluttiness, I settled on one with a blond with fake boobs and a whole bunch of men. She was sucking each of them, while others fucked her from behind. She certainly seemed to be enjoying herself. Just as I settled down to watch the screen went blank.

Well, that pissed me off. I put in another dollar and the same movie came up, right were I'd left off. That was a relief. I leaned back and began to watch the movie, and soon my hand had pulled my skirt up to my tummy and I was rubbing my clit. Oh, but I was enjoying myself. 

After all this time, I was relaxed, and began looking around and that is when I saw the hole in the wall. I couldn't believe I'd missed it; it was so big, at least six inches across. I looked through the hole and was amazed to see a man looking right through the hole back at me. The most amazing thing was that he had his pants around his ankles and he was stroking his cock. I remembered then that he had been watching me play with myself and I suddenly became extremely hot.

Just then, he stood up and shuffled to the wall and shoved his dick right through the hole at me. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what he wanted, and I was hot enough to do what I never thought I would ever do. I bent over and took that stranger's cock right into my mouth. I didn't even know what he looked like, but at that point I didn't care. I licked and sucked and tried my best to get that whole dick into my mouth. I continued sucking while I furiously stroked my pussy. Soon I felt the dick beginning to push in and out. I knew what that meant, and sure enough, seconds later I felt the cum filling my mouth. I sucked that last few drops out of the dick, then it pulled back through the hole. I watched frustration as my neighbor pulled up his pants and left.

I leaned back and swallowed the cum and then slid my whole skirt off so I had complete access. While I was thinking about what to do next, I heard the door to the booth open and close again. I watched the hole and saw an eye appear and look at my almost naked body. I thrilled to thought of a completely anonymous stranger eyeing my body. I pulled off my tube top and turned to he could see right up my cunt. I was so excited I was shaking, and loving the feeling.

The sound of a zipper going down was next, and then another cock appeared through the hole. Thank goodness! I leaned over and took that dick into my mouth. Repeating the process, I was happy. In the back of my mind, I thought that this wasn't how I had always imagined sluts to feel, but here I was, sucking on strange dicks and loving it.

Soon that dick came too, and I watched as it was stuck back into the pants. I hurriedly put another dollar into the machine, and this time I waited.

The door never got a chance to close. Another man walked in. Of course, I still couldn't see above the belt, but, after all, that was all I needed. I watched as the zipper was pulled down and the belt undone and the pants pulled down. Then the cock was pushed through the hole to my waiting mouth. This one didn't take long to cum and I actually felt a little disappointed when it was over. But I figured that another would come soon, and one did.

This time, I leaned back in the chair. I wanted this one to see me. I guess since my face wasn't at the hole, he did bend over to peek through. He peeked through and saw straight up my gaping pussy, my bare legs, and my bare boobs. I kept my hands at my sides to give him a clear view and then I deliciously rubbed myself all over, paying special attention to my clit. The eyes were watching me all the time. 

Then I bent over to the hole. He got the idea and shoved his dick through, already hard and wet with pre-cum. He must have loved the show, because he came almost immediately. I eagerly sucked the dick dry, moaning in ecstasy as I pictured myself.

There I was, completely naked in an adult bookstore booth, allowing anyone to look through a hole and see me. Then I took these faceless strangers' dicks into my mouth and sucked them dry, all the while furiously working over my tits, pussy, clit, and asshole with my hands, keeping myself at a fever pitch. The feeling was thrilling to think that I was being such a slut. It was at that time that I decided that being a slut wasn't all that bad anyway.

It didn't take long for the next dick to come through the hole. My knees were getting cramped and my jaw was getting tired. I stood up and rubbed the head of the dick all over my pussy and clit. I turned around and rubbed my asshole with it. I felt the pre-cum building up, so I then turned around and took it into my mouth, just in time for my reward.

Ummm, it all felt so delicious, but I realized that I was sweating, and tired. I needed a break. Just then my screen went blank, and I remembered that I did not have any dollars left. A chance was called for, if for nothing else than to flex my legs.


Standing up gingerly, I still wanted to put on a show. Thinking about how hot it was, I opened the door, still completely naked. I was surprised to see six or ten men standing outside my door. Were they actually waiting in line for me? The thought was deliciously evil, and I felt my pussy actually twitch. With them all watching, I slowly pulled my tube top over my head and over my boobs, then pulled my short, billowy skirt up over my thighs and unto my hips. On a whim, I pulled it up really high, so that I knew the bottom of my ass was visible, and almost my pussy. God, but I was certainly being a slut.

Smiling and nodding to my audience, I walked through them out to the lobby. It felt almost cool out there, and I wondered around for a little more while to dry the sweat off my body; but my pussy stayed dripping wet. This time I was even looser with the way I moved and bent. Everybody in the store probably had seen my most private parts, and I loved the feeling.

After cooling down, I went to the clerk and asked about the theater. He pointed the way to the door and said that it cost five dollars. I didn't have any cash left, but I still wanted to go in. I slowly lifted my skirt, all the way up to my tits and said "Does this count toward five bucks?". Staring at me, he stuttered "Sure does.", and pointed to the door. I slowly dropped the hem of my skirt back to where it "belonged", and walked through the door.

Inside, it was almost completely dark, illuminated only by the light of the movie showing a girl being lavishly licked by three other girls. My eyes finally became used to the dim light and I looked around to see another bunch of men staring at me. I was surprised that most of them had their pants around their knees, and a couple were holding the dicks of the guys next to them. One guy was even kneeling between the legs of another, sucking his dick. It looked like a pretty wild place to me.

I saw an empty row and sat down, allowing my skirt to ride pretty far up my legs. I decided to see what would happen next.

To be continued...