 The sharp rap at the door brings me from my slumber. 

"Ess houzkeein"

I wrap myself tighter in your warmness, waiting for you to send her away again. This being the third time she's returned. A smile forms on my lips as I think back to earlier...

We didn't hear the first knock. I was facing out the room window, arms extended upwards with my wrists secured to the curtain railing. You had just lashed my ass with the pony tail whip/plug when the door opened.

Surprised at the sound we both turned to look. You freely spinning around, me only managing to twist my body sideways. Our surprise exceeded by hers.

She stared for a moment before blushing deeply, it requiring a deep blush with her olive skin to be noticed. Mumbling some form of apology, she backed out of the room and closed the door. Her movements backwards rushed but not that rushed that she wasn't able to fully comprehend what we were doing.

You must have smiled at her for your grin was complete as you turned back to me. The next lash with extra sting, loud enough for her to hear perhaps? 

Resting my forehead against the glass, I gazed down into the open parking lot behind the hotel. From our vantage point on the 3rd floor, we were visible to passersby, but only if they looked up in our direction. 

I already had two "admirers." Since they were male, you'd let them watch for a minute or two before pulling the curtains to hide us. Only after they left did you reopen the drapes and continue whipping me.

Several minutes after her intrusion, I spotted her in the lot. Obviously noticing the open window, she must have rushed out to see from the other side. Her dark eyes on me instantly along with a look of astonishment.

"She's there now," whispered for you following the next sting of the horsehair. I feel your arm around my shoulders as you stand beside me, looking into the lot. The jostling of your body against mine tells me that you are waving to her. She looks a bit longer then glances about before walking back towards the building and out of sight.

"I guess she didn't like what she saw," the only comment from you.

It wasn't long though before I spied her again. Turned sideways, I wasn't sure how long she was there as it wasn't until an especially wicked slap at my breast caused my head to fall to the glass. A movement in the corner of my line of vision had me look and see her staring skyward towards us.

I didn't mention her to you this time. Partly to see if she would remain and partly to keep this little secret for now. 

Three slaps later, you twist a nipple in your fingers with your mouth at my ear. "Is she still looking?" And now I nod, acknowledging her presence to you. "Good, I think she changed her mind about us." You kiss me long and deep before turning to wave at her.

She jerks her head to look down, as if that would fool us into believing she wasn't watching, then again scurries back out of sight.

The next knock came a half hour later. We ignored it but she continued to knock and announce herself as housekeeping. I hear you giggle and then your voice loud and clear tells her to come in.

I don't dare stop and can only see her out of the corner of my eye. She, however, can clearly see me and you. You standing at the foot of the bed, bent over, hands gripping the mattress with your legs spread. Me behind you, pony tail hanging down from my ass with the plug firmly inserted. Hands holding your cheeks as my tongue bathes your asshole.

"Izz, sourry..."

But she doesn't move and I continue my now feverish licking at your ass.

Your voice is steady as you tell her to come back later in a half hour, ending with a small "ummmm" as my tongue wiggles at you.

She disappears from my vision and the door clicks closed once again.

You reach back with one hand and pull my face tighter to you. "I do think she likes what she saw." And I can hear the smile in your voice.

She didn't return in a half hour. Maybe she knew that she would get another show if she did and was too modest for it. Or perhaps she didn't understand the time reference. In any event, she missed you fucking me with your strap on.

Fucking me and slapping me. Asking if I scared her away. I claim my innocence, trying to appease you with the vigor of my movements on your cock. 

You were powerful in how you pleasured me, bringing me to a equally powerful orgasm but both vaguely let down by her failure to reappear. And I know when you removed the harness and positioned yourself over me, part of your enjoyment of pissing on me was that she would have to change the soaked sheets later.

Curling up into you as you pulled the covers up over us, I kissed you and whispered my love. Wrapped tight with you, I drifted off to sleep only to be awoken by her knock.

Only this time, you didn't send her away. Instead, you removed me from your arms and got out of bed. You pulled a light robe around you and opened the door.

Laying on my side, completely uncovered by you as you left the bed, I look as you greet her at the door. She is obviously unnerved and shoots quick glances at you, me and the room. The fresh air entering along with her also tells me that she is smelling our sex that permeates the air.

This being my first good, close up, look at her, I let my eyes take in her body as you gesture her in. She steps in uncertainly with a look of not being able to stop herself at the same time. 

She is short, maybe 5 feet tall...just maybe. With thick black hair tied up in a ponytail that reaches halfway to her ass. Her body full and, I imagine, firm underneath her uniform. Her breasts large for a woman her size. As she turns to close the door, I decide that her ass is just right for her body, round and shapely without being fat.

She starts to speak but you place a finger on her lips, indicating that she should remain silent. I see that she is already under your spell as she complies and allows you to lead her to the bed.

Standing inches away, you move behind her. Both hands on her hips then sliding upwards until you take hold of her breasts. Your lips at her ear whisper, "This is Jenny and I'm Judy." before you kiss her neck softly.

"Inez..." but your finger on her lips stops her from uttering anything further.

She turns her head and looks up as you kiss her. There is no hesitation in her kiss, telling us both she knows that coming here now is to join us in bed. To fuck and be fucked.

I kneel and start to undress her uniform. Feeling my touch, she breaks off the kiss with you and faces me. At her height, I'm her equal and only need to lean forward a bit to enjoy her lips. As with you, she kisses me greedily with a hunger that increases my own desire.

Together we undress her, taking turns kissing her sweet mouth. When not kissing her, we take our enjoyment in her body which is just as I imagined, full and firm. Breasts tipped with dark areolas just begging to be sucked, which I gladly oblige.

I see you bend as you pull her panties down her legs. As she shifts from foot to foot to allow you to remove them, I toy with her nipples. Pinching them, twisting them, pulling them. As you like to do to mine.

Looking over her shoulder, you watch me stretch them out. Her head falling back against your chest. You hold her still, pulling her arms back behind her causing her breasts to jut forward even more for me.

My eyes moving over her body as I pull and pinch her nipples harder. Skin flawless with light tan lines where the sun hasn't been able to increase the natural olive color. A full bush of dark curly hair, so invitingly covers her mound.

"Do you want her baby?" Your lips at her ear but speaking to me. She understands this and looks to me to see my decision. I smile and nod, with my smile returned with hers.

I stand and take her from your arms. Kissing her long and deep, giving her my tongue which she sucks on immediately. I see you move to the bed, laying down to watch us. To see what I do with my gift.

Squeezing her tight ass, she moans and sucks harder on my tongue. Because of her stature, I find myself unable to maintain full frontal contact of our bodies. To remedy it, I grab her ass and lift, her legs going around my waist as soon as her feet leave the ground.

Pleased, I carry her over to the still open window. Holding her there for all to see but never bothering to look myself to see if we had any company. Our kisses continuing, both greedy now trying to suck each other's tongue. 

Her eyes glance upwards, expecting to see the binds you used before but finding them gone. My tongue finds her ear and then I whisper not to worry, that I don't need them to whip her in the window.

I lower her to the floor and release her from my embrace. Turning, I let her see my tail before taking her hand and placing it upon the horsehair. She tugs at it and I relax my ass. I see your reflection in the glass as she drops to her knees behind me.

With one hand on my butt, she slowly increases her tension and pulls the plug out. I gasp as the wide end stretches me open, followed by the very pleasant sensation of the rest gliding out. Even more pleasant when her tongue replaces the tail.

I reach back and caress her head. The thick hair still bound up by the ponytail provides a grip for me to pull her in. Her hot tongue sending currents of fire into my pussy. Increasing the blaze with each circle around my rim.

I pull her up and push her towards the window. Her hands flat on the glass looking out. In the deepening dusk, the room interior is superimposed on the view outdoors. This allows me to see her face and yours from my position at her rear.

I see you nod and smile as I pick up the discarded tail. Holding the slick plug, I step back and swing the horsehair stands. Her sweet tight ass so ready for it. It bites her and brings a soft gasp from her lips.

Tightening my grip, I whip her over and over. Redness increasing along with her little whelps of pain/joy. I find my own heat rising as well. Glancing over at you, your eyes gleam and acknowledge my newfound pleasure and gaining a glimpse of your own pleasure in dominating me.

Her knees buckle at the last lash and I need to grasp her by the ponytail to keep her from falling. Deciding that I should stop, I lift her up only to hear her protest no, no , no. I smile, discovering yet another tingle at her need for more.

I pull her by the hair back to the bed, pushing her from several steps away so that she falls prone before you. With her feet still on the floor, her ass is up before me. I reach for the lube on the nightstand and you turn her face to see what I am doing.

Her dark eyes so inviting, pools that I find myself gazing into as I squirt a blob of lube into my palm. They shift to look at my hands, and she sees that I am readying the plug for her. Her pink tongue touches her lips as I spread the lube then move behind her.

Aiming the tip, I find it slides easily in the first inch or two. Your hands on her shoulders, looking down her back, you whisper to go slow but she can take it. And I press it forward, eagerly watching her ass open and enclose it.

Her head lifts up and I think she is about to utter another protest as her rim closes about the thin ring before the base. I give her ass a wicked slap to let her know I was aware of her intention to speak. Seeing her flesh shake with the blow, I find it so enticing I strike her again. 

And again.

And again.

Its not until her cries cause you to look up at me do I stop. Having become lost in act of making her my bitch, wanting her to beg me to stop. I see now that her ass is bright red on both cheeks, wondering how I did not notice before.

I bend down and kiss her cheeks. One hot area of flesh, then the other. I let my tongue caress the entire red area, offering some soothing after my spree of punishment.

Looking up, I see you kissing her and caressing her face. Just as I cease my caresses, you break off the kiss and bring your hand across to slap her face. She moans loudly and I pull her onto her back, still with only her upper body on the bed. 

Straddling her with my knees on either side of her chest, holding her arms to the side, I smile down at her. Lightly touching her face with my fingertips, tracing her high cheekbones and temples and chin and lips. I tell her how pretty she is just as my hand slaps her face.

You move off the bed, donning the strap on once again. The 9" black cock sticking out in front of you as you walk behind us. I see her eyes trying to follow you and I squeeze my fingers into her cheeks to hold her gaze to my face. Only releasing a moment later to slap her again.

Watching her eyes, I can tell that you've entered her. This is confirmed a second later as her body moves under me with your thrust. Her lips form an O as you start to fuck her and I again caress her face.

Seeing that she is beginning to enjoy your cock in her cunt, I raise my body up. I then lower my pussy directly to her mouth.

I find that my excitement is going to get the best of me quickly as her tongue attacks my pussy. Giving in to it, I grind and hump on her face. Your hands take hold of my hips as you increase the pace of your fucking as she treat her at both ends.

Despite my weight on her, I can hear her moaning under me. This pushes me over the edge and I flood her face with my cum. My hands now flat on the bed above her, I cry out in the throes of my orgasm.

She sucks and licks at me and I find myself very pleased with her. I lift up and start to move off her face but your hands on my hips stop me.

"Do you want her as your bitch?"

"Yes."

"Ask her if she wants it."

I look down into her smeared wet face. Our eyes meet and I whisper, "Are you my bitch?"

"Si, si.."

You lean forward and kiss my back, allowing me to feel your thrusting into her. Your voice behind me, "You know what you need to do then."

From below me, "Si, si, si..."

Smiling, I cradle her face between my hands. Hips raised above her, I look down and meet her gaze. Her orgasm close, face sweaty as she bites her lower lip.

My piss hits her face and she opens her mouth for it. Seeing that, I increase the flow, my stream hard and splashing on her. I fill her mouth, then cover her face with it.

She swallows and cries out in orgasm.