 Most brothers envy me. They think I have the perfect set up. You see I have a girlfriend who is bisexual and lets me be with other women. I think it's the ideal relationship because I don't think monogamy is natural. Men are biologically driven to be with as many women as possible. We want to spread our seed with as many females as we can to ensure the survival of our line. I majored in anthropology, so I have studied this. The caveman didn't just have sex with one mate, he mated with several women in case his primary mate and offspring died. Monogamy is a social construct cooked up by the church to try to bottle up human sexuality and clarify paternal lines. The church realized that having men screwing a bunch of women would create a lot of unwanted children with no fathers, so they enforced monogamy.

Of course human society has always got around this. The patriarchs and the kings in the bible were polygamists and also had concubines. The clergy have generally looked the other ways while royalty kept harems. Most royal marriages were political unions, not for love, so it was accepted that both parties could have lovers. Even queens could get away with it, as long as they were discreet. And regular people also had their way around monogamy. Prostitution was accepted in ancient cultures as a way of controlling the male sex drive. 

Monogamy was not the rule of law in precolonial Africa. Much of Africa and the Middle East still practices polygamy. Monogamy was just more bullshit heaped on Africa by Western imperialism. Monogamy has also never practiced being well practiced in the United States. White men pretended to be good church going folk, but got to have their way with female slaves and housemaids. Black slave families were broken up because the men were often loaned out to different plantations and forced to mate with other female slaves. 

In modern times, monogamy has proven to be a dismal failure. People like to point the finger at black men having babies all over the place, but its not just brothers. White men are also screwing around and having kids out of wedlock. Can you say John Edwards or Strom Thurmond? White men just have the money to cover it up. The women are either paid off to keep the kids under wraps or have abortions. In some cases, men wed their mistresses and become serial monogamists like Kelsey Grammer. Either way, it's not one man one wife. And it's not just the men. Just watch Maury Povich's god-awful talk show and you'll realize that a lot of women lie about fidelity. Studies of DNA testing labs show about one in three men is raising a child that is biologically not his. 

That's why I have decided to be open about it. I am a boho, a black bohemian, anyway. I wear natural dreads, have tattoos and smoke pot. I decided long ago that monogamy was not for me. The few times I tried it was a disaster. I usually ended up cheating on the sisters, which lead to screaming matches, thrown plates and a keyed car. It was compounded by the fact that sisters seem to be able to sniff out when you were taken. The minute you settled down with one, the others would come out of the woodwork and start throwing pussy at you. Eventually I would get bored with and take them up on their offer. 

When I got married, I was determined to be faithful, but I felt like a caged lion. My sexuality felt like it was on lockdown and I was glad when we eventually divorced after a year of misery. 

I prefer sisters, I just love their strength, those thick thighs and juicy booties, there ain't nothing like it. After months of being single I had tried online dating and things went well until I mentioned that I didn't believe in monogamy and then sisters would disappear faster than an unlocked car in a bad neighborhood. I figured that consensual non monogamy was the way to go and I decided to explore polyamorous relationships. Fortunately, there are all kinds of resources on the Internet to find like-minded people. I was in a Facebook group called Grown and Sexy Black Folks, which was full of freaky sisters. Brothers often complain that sisters are not open minded, but there were lots of sexual adventurous sisters in that group who talked about threesomes, anal sex and experiences with other women. I discovered Keisha, an artist who lived close to me. I sent her a private message and we started chatting. 

Keisha turned out to be a boho like me. She displayed her work in a gallery in Santa Monica and told me she had done some nude modeling in the past. She had also backpacked across Europe and been on a trip to the motherland. She was kind enough to send me some tasteful nudes of her. She was a caramel-colored sister with a curvaceous figure. She had thick thighs, heavy breasts and a large booty, just like I liked them. With her big Afro, she looked like an African Earth mother. Keisha said that she also didn't like labels. She described herself as sexually fluid and had relationships with both men and women. She went with the flow. 

We decided to meet at a local club for drinks after work. I arrived first and got a place at the bar. Keisha showed up looking like a vision in an African print dress, sandals and a head tie. Having talked online and cam for several weeks, we were as thick as thieves. It was supposed to be an initial meet and greet, but we were both drawn to each other. The air was thick with sexual tension. 

Keisha leaned close to me and whispered, "Who are fooling, let's get out here."

I followed Keisha's VW Beetle back to her apartment complex. She led me into her place which was tastefully decorated with African art and smelled of incense. Once inside we fell on each other. Our hands roamed over each other curious at what lay underneath those clothes. She cupped my bulge, and I felt her heavy breasts. She shrugged off her dress and revealed she was wearing a black bra and thong panties. Her bra seemed to be working overtime restraining her ample bosom and she quickly unhooked it to let her girls run free. I gasped as she stood there just wearing a thong. Her boobs looked spectacular in their natural element. She slipped off the thong and revealed a neatly-trimmed patch of pubic hair.

"I don't like the bald look," she said as I admired her naked body. "I think grown women should have some hair down there."

I quickly pulled off my shirt, dropped my pants and was naked. I don't wear underwear, so Keisha was free to admire my 8 inch erection, 

Her eyes opened wide and said, "Oh, I am going to enjoy that."

She stepped closer to me and stroked my cock. My hands went straight for her boobs and started massaging them and playing with her nipples. 

"Ooh, my nipples are really sensitive," she said. "You're making me wet."

She led me to her bed and had me sit down on the edge. She knelt between my legs, grasped my cock and slowly inched her mouth over it. I gasped as I felt her wet mouth envelop me. She covered my groin with light kisses and even dipped her tongue into my navel. She finally returned to my cock and began bobbing her head up and down at the same time making a twisting motion with her hand. I didn't take long before I started to feel that burning pressure in my groin and I felt cum spurting uncontrollably out of my dick. Keisha eased her head back and watched as the cum coated her hands and spattered her breasts. 

Keisha looked pleased with herself, "I love watching a man cum and lose control like that,' she said. "It makes me feel so powerful."

She got up from her knees and sat on the bed, spreading her legs. 

"Now eat me," she said. 

After the orgasm she had just given me, I felt obliged to return the favor. I got between her legs and inhaled her musky womanly smell. I licked around the edge of her pussy which was already moist. I spread her lips apart and got a look at her pink inner cunt, which contrasted against her dark skin. I noticed the hood of her pussy was pierced. This girl was very adventurous. 

I lapped her soaking cunt and drank in her juices. Then I concentrated my efforts on her clit gently stabbing it with my tongue. 

"Oh yes," she whispered. "Right there, don't stop." 

I kept tonguing her clit, eventually took the whole thing in my mouth and sucked it hard. That did it for her. She reared forward, jammed my face into her crotch and yelped as she came. 

She lay back on the bed, panting for breath. I lay next to her my face wet from saliva, sweat and pussy juice.

Keisha rolled over and looked at me. "Well, I am glad that's over and done with," she said. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. "Didn't you enjoy it?"

"I sure did, but you never know if a brother is going to be packing or know how to use the equipment," she said. "I hate all that dishonesty and lying that goes on in the early stages. I'd rather get to know early on if we are sexually compatible."

"So how did I do?" I asked.

"You passed the test with flying colors," she said with a grin. She reached for my cock and quickly brought it to life. Keisha laid back on the bed and stretched her legs wide open. '

"Now I want you to fuck me," she said seductively. 

I quickly got between her legs and sank my shaft into her still wet pussy. Her velvet folds gripped my cock and gave me a welcoming hug. I thrust deep into her snatch and watched her head roll back and mouth open wide.

"Oh shit, you're in so deep," she said. 

Her legs clasped around my hips in a vice-like lock. I slammed away at her pussy, each thrust bringing her closer to that moment. I watched her face screw up and try to hold back, but she eventually let go as the warmth of an orgasm spread through her body. 

She clawed my back and shrieked "I am coming," as she thrust her hips towards me. Then she tensed up and relaxed. She lay her head against my chest and listened to my heart racing. After a short rest we continued to fuck like crazy throughout the night. I ended up spending the whole weekend at her place and we barely left the apartment. Keisha briefly stepped out to buy me a toothbrush and get us In and Out Burger and then it was back to sex. We did it doggy style, reverse cowgirl and up against the wall. When I was tired and needed a break, she whipped out a vibrator and pleasured herself. She also asked me to jerk off for her because thought the idea of men stroking their cocks to orgasm was sexy. 

We continued seeing each other about once a week enjoying each other's bodies. And when weren't naked we went to poetry readings, smoked pot and watched independent movies and documentaries. Keisha opened up to me about her history with bisexuality. She said she had experimented with both boys and girls in college. 

"I tried dating and sleeping with guys at first, but didn't care for it. I found most men to be selfish lovers," she said. "I tried women and enjoyed them. But then realized that I missed men. I miss their strength and sometimes I just want a big, warm dick inside me. Using a dildo or a strap on just isn't the same."

She also said that she often got bored with the same partner and liked variety. I admitted I had the same problem and that was why I wanted to try an open relationship. After a month of hot sex, Keisha began to hunger for a woman's touch and asked me if it was okay to look for a female partner. I said I was fine with it, as long she included me. 

Now here is my advice to brothers trying to set up a threesome. Let the woman do all the work. They run the game in a menage a trois. Most single, bisexual women will respond better to the overtures of a female, than a creepy dude trying to pressure his woman into a threesome. 

Keisha got online and started sending out messages on Adult Friend Finder, FetLife and adult Facebook pages. It's harder than you think. The single bisexual female seems to be a rarity in the lifestyle. They call them unicorns for a reason. I guess the few single ones that do exist get snapped up quickly or have their pick of men and couples.

Finally, after weeks of sending out feelers Keisha got an email from Ladonna, a teacher and single mother who lived in Ontario. We looked at her profile. She was a short-light skinned sister with long braids. She had a pear-shaped figure will small breasts and a wide, firm ass. Keisha sent her an email in return and we soon moved over to chatting on Skype.

Ladonna told us that she had just gotten divorced and was not looking for anything serious. She had been married to a man for several years, but now wanted to explore her bisexuality. 

"My husband was a church man and he wasn't about to share me with anyone, man or woman," she explained.

Apparently she had been with women when she was in college and was eager to try that again. Keisha and Ladonna were apparently quite smitten with each other and the Skype sessions soon got heated. First they started with compliments about each other's clothes and hair and it escalated from there. Soon they were stripping on cam. And eventually they started to jerk off in front of each other. Meanwhile, I just stayed in the background content to watch Keisha's beautiful naked body writhing in passion as she masturbated. 

After weeks of online sex, Ladonna said her ex was getting the kids for the weekend and she could come down and see us. That night Keisha made spaghetti and meatballs in honor of our guest while I went out and bought a bouquet of flowers. When Ladonna arrived, she was surprised at the meal prepared in her honor and taken back by the roses. 

"This is all for me?" she said surprised. "I am so used to catering to my kids, that it's nice to have someone take care of me for a change."

"We wanted to make you feel special," I said. "You are our guest for the weekend."

After dinner, I put on some jazz music and we sat around and shared a joint. I had noticed that the women had begun to eye each other lustily and the started kissing each other sensually. They stood in the middle of the living room and caressed each others bodies as jazz wafted in the background. Keisha started to tug at Ladonna's blouse and soon and had it over her head. She unhooked Ladonna's bra and freed her small breasts. Keisha began to nuzzle and suck on Ladonna's boobs until his nipples stood up. Then Keisha unbuckled Ladonna's jeans and peeled them off. Ladonna was wearing red boys shorts that showed off her plump butt and thick thighs. Keisha knelt in front of Ladonna and pulled off the boy shorts, revealing a strip of black pubic hair. Keisha reverently kissed Ladonna's pussy and lapped the edges. Ladonna cradled Keisha headed as she ate her pussy.

"That's it baby, eat my pussy good," Ladonna whispered. 

Keisha had blown me numerous times and I knew she had a skilled tongue. Ladonna started to feel the effects of Keisha's expert licking. Her eyes were closed tightly shut as she threw her head back and opened her mouth to let out a silent scream.

"Oh god," she uttered, and gripped Keisha's Afro. "I am cumming." 

Her legs began to shake and she grabbed her breast as an orgasm ripped through her body. 

Keisha stood up shrugged off her clothes and sat naked on the couch. She pulled Ladonna to her and said, "Now you do me."

"It's been a while since I did this, but I think I remember my way around a pussy," Ladonna said nervously. She knelt between Keisha's legs and kissed her muff. She planted her mouth on Keisha's slit and stuck her tongue deep into her pussy. 

"Mmm," Keisa said as Ladonna's tongue explored her vag. "That feels so good."

Ladonna had remembered her old skills because she spread Keisha's lips and attacked her clit. She took Keisha's clit in her mouth and sucked it like it was an orange. The apartment was filled with the sounds of smooth jazz music, wet slurping noises and Keisha's high-pitched yelps. The yelps turned into deep growls as Keisha got closer to her climax. She let out a loud moan, grabbed Ladonna's braids and gushed all over her face. 

"Wow," she said, gasping for breath. "Now I remember why I like having women eat my pussy."

The naked women suddenly looked up at me. I had been smoking a joint and patiently watching the show. 

"Did you like that, babe?" she said. "I know that's what you men all dream about."

I didn't say anything because she already knew the answer. My rock hard dick was the testimony. 

"I think he needs some attention," she said, giggling at Ladonna. 

The two beautiful women walked over to me and smothered my face with their breasts. I opened my mouth and tried to capture their nipples. Keisha got between my knees and unzipped my pants. Ladonna knelt beside me and fed me a boob. I couldn't see what was going on but I felt that Keisha had freed my cock and slipped me into her mouth.

"Ladonna, you need to get down here," Keisha said. "Kevin has a beautiful cock."

Ladonna pulled her boob out of my mouth and joined Keisha at my groin. She stroked my cock. 

"You are right girl, that is a wonderful piece of man meat," Ladonna said. 

The sisters each settled on a side of my dick and began to lick the edge. They switched positions and Keisha slid her mouth up and down my dick, while Ladonna sucked gently on my balls. The sight and sensation of two naked women pleasuring me was an incredible turn on. I believe in the equality of the sexes, but I can't deny that the idea of two women sharing oral duties on my dick was a huge boost to my ego.

My body started to react to all that female attention and I started to feel a growing pressure building up in my groin. I tried mightily to hold back the orgasm as long as I could, but I couldn't stop it and I exploded over the women. Cum spurted out of my dick coating their faces and breasts with warm jizz. The ladies let me take a breather while they cleaned up. When they returned, they each had mischievous looks on their faces.

"Come on brother, your work isn't done yet," said Keisha. 

She pulled me up and led me to the bedroom. I laid down on the bed and Keisha mounted me. Ladonna sat on my face with her body pointed towards Keisha so they could kiss as they both rode me. I was smothered by two beautiful sisters who were using me as their personal sex toy. Since Ladonna ass was covering my face, I couldn't see what was going on. I just felt Keisha thrusting her wet pussy against me, while my tongue licked away inside Ladonna's kitty. My muffled groans were drowned out by the women's panting and purring. Their breath began to get quicker as they got closer to their peaks. 

Keisha came first. She started whimpering and thrusting harder against my cock. I heard her yell loudly as she released a gushing orgasm on my dick. Ladonna was close behind her and she covered my face with a burst of lady cum. Covered in feminine juice, I also pumped a load of hot cum into Keisha's sopping pussy. The women climbed off me and we all lay there covered in sticky bodily fluids, but too tired to move. Keisha slipped into the bathroom and came back with wet towels to clean us up. 

During all that frenzied love making, we hadn't realized it had gotten dark aside. We all got beneath the covers and snuggled together tired from our efforts. The next day I woke up with a raging erection, despite the last night's events. Keisha and I often liked to kick off the morning with a wake up fuck, so I roused her and got her on all fours. Ladonna woke up groggily, saw what we were doing and decided to join in. She positioned herself in front of Keisha so she could have her cunt lapped. I pounded away on Keisha's thick ass and watched her pleasuring Ladonna until she came. It was a great way to start the morning. 

Afterwards, I made the ladies scrambled eggs and hash browns as they showered and got ready for the day. We could have easily spent the day in bed screwing, but we decided to go down to Santa Monica and wander along the beach. I spent the day holding hands with my two Nubian queens enjoying the California sunshine. I felt like one of my African ancestors with two wives, except in my harem the women got to play with each other.
