 To the reader: This is a long read, styled more for the female reader. I hope you enjoy. I give all my thanks to Sarah, the editor. Thank you for your very valuable input, suggestions and patience (which I accept that I may have pushed to the limits at times). To "Pixie," thanks hun.

The Mansion

Part 1

Walking into doors

Chapter 1

Walking down the aisle of the supermarket, Don stopped and bent down to reach for meal replacement shake on the very bottom shelf. He started to read the contents; it had to be one without egg protein, cause of her allergy to eggs. He brushed his dark wavy hair from his forehead.

"Damn, I wish these kids would tell me what we need all at once," said the female voice above and behind him. He felt like laughing, she was speaking out aloud without even realizing. He looked at her and had to catch his breath, she was gorgeous; her long, flaming red, soft curled hair cascaded down well below the shoulders. The natural curls and body were absolutely breath taking. Don stood up and carried on down the aisle, his deep blue eyes settling on the items he had come to purchase, whilst his mind was a million miles away. He turned his concentration to the task at hand.

These bloody lines at the tellers frustrated him. The three people in front of him are going ever so slowly he thought. Suddenly there she was again, standing in front of the managers' kiosk. He noticed her body was close to perfect, it had all the right curves, slim and lovely, small but nicely rounded breasts that looked nice and firm under that body hugging T-shirt. Shit, they must have molded it on to her. She threw her arms open in a gesture of "what?" and he realized, he had been staring at her.

Quickly Don pointed to the kiosk behind her, hoping to get himself out of this embarrassing situation. The teller was ready for him and he started un-packing his groceries from the trolley. Looking up, his heart sank; she was gone. He paid for the purchases and thought to himself, time is running out, you need to start getting ready for the party tonight.

 ***** ***** ***** *****