 A young women returns to her hometown and uses her erotic charms to wreak revenge on her ex boyfriend and best friend the week of their impending wedding. 

I emerged from the shower with the moisture still trickling over my body, naked except for the fluffy white towel wrapped around my bust line. I had been planning this weekend for a long time; I wanted everything to be right. I opened my suitcase and surveyed the strategically sexy underwear I had chosen to bring with me to enhance my plan. A myriad of colours and fabrics confronted me, with an emphasis on silk and satin with tinges of lace. There were masses of sexy little panties with pretty-floral designs and a range of styles from bikini to G-strings. I pulled out a purple silk V string panty with lace trim, the shiny diaphanous silk so sheer as to be almost transparent. Memories of being fondled whilst wearing them flooded my imagination, as eager fingers had caressed my moistening pussy beneath the sheer shiny silk. 

I need a hipster panty to go with the ultra short-black skirt I was to wear so I toss it back in the drawer and rummage for the appropriate article. Hipsters are a relatively new item requiring us to reline our knickers drawers so we can wear hipster skirts and jeans. I don't like G-strings much and prefer the feel of fine silk stretched across my ass and I know my partners do too. It gives a hint of what lies underneath, the warmth the feel, the contour and the silk stretched tightly across it wraps the gift temptingly. I reach for red satin bikini panties. They still have the crisp newness about them. Lush satin string bikini with a trace of lace around the leg and across the top of the tiny triangle covering my pussy. They are distinctive enough to be recognised, and that was important, I thought to myself. Mmmmmmm I slide my legs into them hurriedly, stretch them across my hips, smoothing them over my ass, and adjust the straps so they sit on my hip comfortably. I love the feel of the warm skin under my palm as I smooth the fabric against my curves and glance in the mirror in approval they look as good as they feel. 

I absently touch myself and feel my freshly shaved pussy beneath them. I am almost tempted to moisten them myself. I resist the temptation and rummage through the tangle of bras for the matching red satin bra. It is exquisite. I loved it the first time I wore it, plunging low in the front, uplifting and shaping my small pert breasts, delicious fragments of satin and delicately placed lace. I snap it into place and adjust my tits until they feel comfortable and take advantage of the display. I smile at the form in the mirror and touch my nipples lightly until an outline appears. Mmmmmmm the satin feels good to touch! I reach for my tight black hipster skirt and wiggle into it until it sits tempestuously on my curvaceous hips. The slightest hint of red panty string visible and the contour of my slender waist visible and showing my diamond studded bellybutton decorating the smooth flat stomach. The transparent fine black gauze top shows the sexy red bra beneath and plunges low to clasp my exposed cleavage. I adjust my undergarments beneath knowing they will send the message that they are begging to be touched, aching to be caressed and provide opportunities for eye-candy for all my male onlookers. 

I had known Jane since I was in grade school; we had been close friends all through high school and had countless slumber parties and marathon phone gossip sessions. Through our adolescence we fantasised about the same movie and pop stars even masturbated together, although sex was our point of departure. As Jane lost her virginity early at sixteen becoming something of a sex addict and fucked most of the desirable older guys and guys our age around town. I was a slower developer, later bloomer. Sex with Jane was quite distinctive; she always left a ravenous love bite on her lover's neck. Jane and I talked a lot about her sexual appetite became legendary and she encouraged me to eventually lose my virginity with a cute guy shortly after my eighteenth birthday. I didn't turn into the kind of sex addict that she was I simply fell hopelessly in love with Brad the first cock that I had allowed to penetrate my tight young pussy. 

Part of the reason for my later development than Jane's was indeed due to my petite physique and slower physical development. Whilst at 15 Jane had the kind of tits that guys gawk at and the kind of long legs, blond hair and curves that guys drool over I was petite and bust-less until I was eighteen and because of my interest in sport and athletics basically a skinny tit-less girl. By eighteen, though my slender figure and nubile breasts developed into pleasant and attractive lumps that could be pressed into a small but attractive cleavage. Nowadays I can finally fit a 34B cup and so what started as slender and shapeless is now able to attract a fair share of attention from men. 

Anyway where Jane and I fell out was when she began fucking my boyfriend Brad. He had been the first sex I had ever had and for three months we fucked like rattlers every day, every chance we got. I learnt about what he liked and learned to use my mouth, hands and pussy to drive him into a frenzy of sexual activity each day. He had learnt to use his hands and mouth effectively and I experienced hot orgasms regularly and thought they were love. Jane had always flirted with him but she did that with everyone. It was an idyllic teen romance until one afternoon after University, I called in on her and noticed Brad's car in the driveway. I let myself in the backdoor as I had for years and caught Brad with Jane in a doggie position his hand squeezing her huge tits pumping his cock into her from behind, screaming 'OH God you feel so good.' while she screamed the house down in a wild orgasm begging him to fuck her harder and deeper. On Brad's neck was the mark of Jane, a huge love bite that she had obviously given him when they first started fucking earlier that day. I burst into tears and ran from the house shivering and shaking with rage and hurt swearing I would get revenge on them both. 

I feigned forgiveness and friendship with them again a few months later as they became boyfriend and girlfriend which was a first for Jane, and then my family moved to another state where I completed my degree and discovered my own sexual appetite amongst the boys in my new town, the university and the clubs of a big city. 

At 24, I had grown up a lot physically and mentally and in returning to my old hometown to visit my relatives on the very week that Brad and Jane had planned to wed. I managed to invite myself to a party they were having and also visit her family before the party earlier in the day and this is the story of what happened early that day and later into the night at the party. I have deliberately only outlined briefly what happened in the early encounters to give the reader a sense of the speed and urgency that was involved. So please forgive the shallowness of the descriptions as they were indeed shallow and rapid encounters. These are not the main point of this story but mere teasers leading to a more detailed climax. 

Jane's father was a handsome looking older man whose reputation for womanising was not dissimilar to his daughter's own love of sex. As I knocked at the door of his home I thought of the times he had cast his lecherous eye at me in my early teens. I smiled secretly to myself thinking how easy it would be to seduce him. He answered the door and looked surprised to see me even though I had spoken to him on the phone only an hour or so before. What he was surprised at was just what a hot young woman I had become in my absence from the town and how I was dressed to enhance that. 

'Wow you really have grown up, haven't you?' He said as he greeted me. I leaned forward to give him a daughterly peck and so he could peek down my low cut top. ' I use to have such a crush on you when I was a little girl.' I lied. 'Come in I was just working down in the workshop. Would you like to see some of my lathe work? You use to like it as a kid.' He asked. I knew he had quite a seduction pad set up in his 'workshop' and many a young woman in the town had been introduced to his 'tools' out he back of his house. He seemed surprised that I was coming along with him and kept scanning my short skirt and bare midriff each time he turned around. When I entered the workshop, I went immediately to the long cylindrical shaped wood turning that sat on the lathe. 'This is interesting Mr. Hope, its so smooth and shiny.' I traced an outline with my fingers and hand across the wood turning as if it was a huge cock and I could see he was getting very turned on by the lump in his pants. 'I meant it when I said I had a crush on you when I was a teenager.' 

He moved toward me. 'God you're a little tease.' He said as he moved behind me. ' Does that mean you want me then?' I purred and felt his body slide behind me and press against my ass. I shimmied my ass seductively against the rising lump in his shorts, took one of his hands, and guided it to my breast. He pinched the nipple roughly through the fine fabric and it became hard under his touch. I could feel my panties growing damper as he pressed more urgently against me. His other hand slid under my skirt and began massaging the front of my panties and feeling the seeping moisture emanating from my excited pussy. I felt my skirt hoist up to my hipline and the outline of his thick cock against my satin clad ass. He was good at this and in moments, I began to pant and shiver as he fingered my clit and sent shivers through me that built in intensity until I was moaning and cumming. 

All the time he whispered hot sexy phrases in my ear and kissed my neck, fondling my tit and nipple sensuously. 'You're such a hot, wet little girl. You want my cock inside you don't you. Beg for it! Beg me to fuck you, you hot little slut.' I reached behind and felt the thick cock that had risen beneath layers of cotton. I unzipped his fly, liberated it from its confines, and let him rub it against the shiny satin fabric stretched across my ass. He could feel the growing wetness there. I massaged his cock until his groans became loud and excited. 

'On the contrary darling you can't wait for my tight wet pussy, can you? There's only a fragment of wet satin separating you from the tightest hottest pussy you've ever had. Do you want my pussy?' I teased as I pumped his shaft and slid the tip over the wet satin fabric. 'Oh God I want you.' He shouted. 

I turned and kissed him wetly guiding him back to the large sofa where he lay back expectantly as I helped him remove his pants. I stood back and peeled down my skirt, removed my top and bra and let him drink in my firm round figure naked except for a tiny pair of v-string panties. I straddled him grasping his now engorged cock with both hands as he fondled my tits. I slid my panties aside and let his cock tip touch the wetness that lay beneath. I dripped wetness down his shaft and he moaned helplessly thrusting forward to enter me urgently. I let his tip part my moist lips and then felt him slide into my tight wet hole until all of him was inside me. I ground against him tightening my pelvic floor muscles so I was impossibly tight and juice rolled down his shaft. 

I began to shiver and moan as the effect of his throbbing cock inside me began to caress my pussy inside in a way that I love to feel. I rode him at a pace that would bring me off in minutes and in a short time, my frenzied bouncing and his urgent thrusts built to a climax and I slumped forward as he continued to thrust at me as I orgasmed violently. As his hands cupped my ass and tit, I kissed him wildly and in the midst of the wildest part of my climax, I sucked at his neck like a hungry vampire biting him and digging my nails into his back. 

The furious fucking that took place then was a blur of blood curdling screams and wild energetic thrusting, moans and shivers that took us both as I came repeatedly and his orgasm built to frenzied proportions until he finally exploded inside me screaming 'Oh God that feels so good, you're so delicious, so tight so fucking hot. OHHHHHHHHHHH!' his hot cock shot loads into my eager pussy and he lay exhausted by it, completely spent. The violent red love bite that marked his neck throbbing in unison with his over excited body like a beacon of desire. I kissed him sweetly and excused myself letting him have time to rest as I dressed and went up to the house. 

Jane's brother Jason was in the kitchen when I returned from the workshop. We greeted each other like old friends do he was barely eighteen and we talked about his work as an apprentice mechanic and his recent relationship with the sister of an old friend. Rachel was from a fundamentalist background and like her older sister, Rebecca, who I had been to school with, was no doubt saving everything she had for her wedding night. I joked with Jason about it and he confided how frustrated he was by the complete lack of sexual contact he had with her apart from heavy petting with no touching. It was like he was asking my advice and as we talked I noticed he was getting agitated and constantly looking at my low cut neckline and scanning my over short skirt which had ridden up as I sat on the kitchen footstools. He would be an easy target and most likely a virgin.' I thought. 

'You like my tits don't you Jason.' I teased. He looked embarrassed. 'Do you want to touch them?' he looked embarrassed but nodded his head and I took his hand and guided it to my tit, as he fondled I leaned forward and kissed him. 'You want me don't you?' He moaned appreciatively as I slid my hand across the thickening cock in his pants. He kissed me like a wild man panting and squeezing my tits hard as I fondled his cock. 

'Follow me.' I purred and as I left the kitchen I slid of my skirt, removed my top and bra once more and left a trail of clothing leading into the lounge room. He too ripped off his clothes and followed excitedly. 

'Am I your first?' I whispered as I pressed my moist lips against his thick cock and began to suck him. I ran my tongue up and down his shaft, my lips slid across them as he moaned in ecstasy. Then I sidled up to his face and kissed him as I continued to fondle his engorged cock. I took his hand to my panty and guided him inside the leg elastic until he felt my wet folds, showing him how I liked to be touched. Still hot from my recent orgasms my excitement rose quickly and in moments I was shivering and he felt the wetness drizzles onto his fingers as I came. 

'Do you want to be inside me?' All he could do was moan as I pulled my panties off and spread my legs and he nestled his thick cock at my opening. The wetness that greeted him and the tightness that enveloped his throbbing cock was overbearing. 'Fuck me hard!' I panted into his ear. His cock entered me slowly and deeply savouring the wonder of the tight wet velvet interior of his first woman's pussy. He shivered and moaned ecstatically and I felt his skin slap at mine urgently, I kissed and nibbled his ear and neck. He cupped my ass with his hand and thrust in me hard and fast as his climax came on him fast and hard. I bit his neck and scratched at his back drawing blood as I too came with the intensity of his wild eager ripe thrusts. 

As I bit him, we exploded in unison, his cock pumping an eternity of repressed adolescent cum into my eager pussy. He screamed out how much he loved me a mistake that even I had made when confusing hot orgasms with love. 'You just love my pussy darling. ' I panted as he thrust wildly at me triggering repeated orgasms until we both lay quite exhausted on the sofa stroking each other. I dressed once more and asked to use the shower, which is where I was when Jane came home from work. She greeted me and dressed in my bra top and skirt first making a show of slipping my distinctive red satin panties on last. 

'Nice knickers, girls.' She commented and I smiled knowing that the next time she saw them she would know they were mine. We went to the lounge and talked about old times, the party, who was going to be there that I knew and wedding celebrations. Jason and Jane's Dad had both disappeared somewhere and I feigned ignorance as to their whereabouts. Jane and I seemed like old friends again. 

Jane went out using her father's car to pick up some alcohol and some people for an hour or so and that was when I had another opportune moment for revenge. Brad arrived and like the other men earlier today he too had more than a passing interest in my more overt virtues. Somehow we ended up outside near Jane's old Volkswagen and it wasn't long before talk and flirting became full throttle tease. We kissed and he pressed against me barely controlling himself from fucking me right there against her car door. 

'Oh God you're hot Verity.' He panted at me. We had made all kinds of 'it isn't right' excuses and I was so blatant about him fucking me then and there that I pressed against the swollen cock that grew in his pants and wrapped my legs around him as we kissed unabated by guilt or restraint. I unzipped him, took his cock to the front of my panties, and ran the tip across it as he moaned appreciatively. I had always been great at giving him hand-jobs and although he wanted to be inside me, this is what I planned to do. I slid my fingers tightly over his swollen cock and rubbed the tip against the sticky wetness that filled my panties, feeling my own tingles as I pressed his tip against my swollen clit. In moments, he was panting uncontrollably and began to spurt all over my panties. 

'That's all you get you bastard.' I panted. My pussy's reserved for faithful men.' Exasperated he fell back against the car his cock covered in sticky cum. 'You still haven't forgiven me have you.' He choked. 'You we're always a cock teasing slut anyway.' He spat as I turned to leave. He folded his cock back into his pants and looked at me with a don't tell Jane look, and then made his way into the house. I watched him leave then slid off my distinctive red satin panties, now covered in his sticky cum and placed them visibly on the back seat of Jane's car. She would think I had fucked him. Now what remained was to satisfy my own lust for group sex and make everyone think Jane had gone on one of her wild rampages. I smoothed the tiny tight skirt over my naked pussy and adjusted my top and bra so I looked my most seductive and entered the house just as guests began arriving. 

My remaining targets for this evening were the groomsman and best man. Two of which were single and the other was partnered by none other than good old fundamentalist virgin Rebecca whose sister was seeing Jason. The party was large and noisy and groups of men hung together as did groups of giggling girls excited about the wedding. I felt horny as hell and so sexy standing amidst old friends wearing a short skirt and no panties. My time in the city had been exciting and I had come to know a few things about getting my sexual desires satisfied. Firstly if you let a man or men know you might not be wearing panties they pay unbelievable attention to you all night and try all kinds of not-so-subtle things to check whether its true. I guess no panties usually sends an 'I want to be fucked' message big time. Secondly, I have learnt that the best way to seduce a man is to tell him you want it and then be direct about what you want, when and where. 

Anyway this strategy had worked for me on many occasions and when I had started to become interested in group sex I had inadvertently done it to two men and subsequently acquired a taste for being fucked often and hard and as long as possible which two men can do in ways that really turn me on. I had done this a couple of times since the accidental first time and found that it moves me past just a series of multiple orgasms but into a state that floods every sense with endorphins, making me enter a trance like state of frenzy and pleasure. The association of this personal pleasure and the excited and competitive nature of men trying to outdo how hot they can make me has become something I really crave and enjoy. The afterglow where the taste of cum fills my mouth the sticky reminders oozing from my ass and pussy and all over my tits and face are pleasures that I have grown to desire regularly. Maybe I have become a nymphomaniac but the thought of this happening tonight with three men was making me extremely excited and determined. 
