 While using her older brother's bathroom during her eighteenth birthday party because hers was busy, she had discovered his collection of porno magazines and found them fascinating – and arousing. First, she compared her body to those of the models in the pictures. She had already discovered her clitoris and the fabulous feelings massaging it brought to her. That afternoon of her eighteenth birthday, looking at the pages of men and women in all kinds of positions and seeing large dicks piercing wide open pussies, she masturbated, massaging her clit faster and faster until she had her climax. She was so excited about the enormous physical stimulation she got from the pictures, that she did it again, and then again and again. All in all, that afternoon, she brought herself to climax seven times and finally stopped because she was so sore. She dozed off after putting her brother's magazines back. Her mother had to wake her up for the party.

Debra was never the same. Every day, sometimes two and three times, she would steal some of her brother's books and rub herself into so many climaxes, she would be in a zone of sexual oblivion. She not only enjoyed it, she loved it – no, she craved it. She wanted more. She had quickly learned that she had a voracious sexual appetite and that it needed to be satisfied. But she wasn't sure full sex with someone was appropriate quiet yet. So she made a decision.

She started to orally experiment with the college boys close to her own age. They were mature enough physically but they lacked style so she switched to older boys who had already gone through several women and had learned how to please a pussy orally. She became very popular with the boys in her class and the local state college, especially the sports teams, not only because she was physically stunning, but because she was willing to "play" with them and allow them to "play" with her. She managed to see and touch, jack-off and even suck quite a few dicks by the time she graduated. 

From the very first time she had sex the summer after she graduated, Debra knew what her body really craved – what it was made for. On that summer weekend, she and a bunch of her friends had gone to the beach. There were a lot of guys there from a neighboring high school and the local college. Somehow, the beer arrived and the drinking started. It hadn't taken long for her to get drunk along with everyone else. 

The games started as soon as the sun set and the fire was lit. She had hooked up with this hunk of guy named Brad and he was being very attentive. She was leaning back against him. The nearby fire was making her very warm and the beer-buzz she had made her totally relaxed. He was kissing her neck and rubbing her arms and shoulders and she was really getting into it. When he nibbled her ear it sent shivers directly to her stomach. She calmly stroked his bare thigh that was next to her in the sand. He untied the neck string of her bikini and the front fell away exposing her to him and everyone else. She couldn't have cared less – besides, everyone else was equally busy, equally exposed and hadn't noticed. His hands found her full young tits and massaged them gently. He softly pinched her nipples between his fingers and she moaned softly. She knew the feeling, and where it would lead her.

She leaned back and reached one arm behind her. Turning her head, she pulled him to her and kissed him with as much passion as she could. His kiss back was equally as passionate and her hand moved further up his leg lightly brushing his now hardening dick. She knew, when their tongues were deep in each other's throat, that this was how sex was supposed to be, this was the way it was supposed to feel, not the cold and detached way she had learned about it in the classroom and text books or the wanton and unbridled sexual energy that leaped off the pages of her brother's magazines.. She also knew, that if she could manage it, she was going to give Brad her cherry. The touching and "playing" was no longer enough to satisfy her.

She slowly opened her eyes and looked around. Most everyone had paired off and were walking into the dunes for more privacy. She noticed that most of the clothing remained on the beach. She turned completely around and faced Brad disappointed at the cessation of his touch but never losing contact with his crotch. 

"Let's find someplace a little more private" she urged by a light squeeze and stood up. As he stood she looked down at the large bulge in his swim trunks. 'That thing for me?' she asked with a smile. 'This time was going to be different' she thought. 'This time I won't stop from giving into the need my body always screamed for.'

"Everyone else has left, why not stay here" he answered and pulled her to him. He reached behind her and released the string holding her top on. It fell softly to the sand. His hand stroked her bare back as they kissed. The longer they did, the lower his hand went, ultimately resting on her ass, and the harder and larger his dick became. She could feel the pressure of it against her stomach. Her whole body was screaming at her. She could feel the familiar dampness between her legs and she responded by pushing her pelvis hard against him. Her breathing was getting faster and her heart was pounding from the anticipation. Her body was racing toward that special place that always gave her immense pleasure – her "zone".

He undid her bikini bottom and it too fell to the sand leaving her entirely naked. She reached to his side, grabbed his trunks and pulled them down to his knees. His dick stood long and large, by far the largest she had ever seen, and the tip was damp from his fluid. He swiftly stepped out of his trunks. She reached down and fondled him – he responded by taking both of her tits in his hands and gently squeezing them - rubbing the nipples with his thumbs at the same time. She moaned softly and her head fell back. He lowered his head and started kissing her neck and her shoulders driving shudders thru her entire body. She could feel herself getting wetter and the heat rising from her. He reached one hand down and rubbed the folds of her pussy, spreading her lips and allowing her dampness to seep. He inserted one small finger into her and she groaned "yeeesssssssss" in his ear. 

He pushed on her shoulders and she immediately knew what he wanted. Shit – so did she. She fell to her knees and gripped him with both hands. First kissing it, then licking his length and his balls, she finally sucked him into her mouth. He groaned. "He tastes so wonderful' she thought as she slowly bobbed up and down on his shaft.

"God Debra, that feels so great, you do that so fantastic. Don't stop"

She looked up and smiled at him. He placed his hands on either side of her head and pulled himself deeper into her – finally hitting the back of her throat. She had learned to open her throat wide and he slipped all the way in and down. That was all he could take. When he came he shot down her throat and, with it, came her first orgasm of the night. Her body went into overdrive while she continued to suck on him, milking him, wanting him to stay hard for her. At his age and physical condition, he was hard again almost immediately. She pulled him down on top of her as she fell back onto the sand with her legs splayed.

"Fuck me now" she pleaded in his ear. He positioned his dick at her opening and inserted the tip into her. She was hot and very wet from her orgasm and, even though nothing that large had ever entered her before, it didn't take much effort for the head to slip all the way in. As she stretched to accommodate him, he pushed up against her hymen. He stopped. She opened her eyes and stared at him. He was looking at her trying to decide what to do – trying to see if she really wanted this. She was so hot, and so was he, and she was a fucking virgin. Did he really want to do this?

"You don't stop now damn it! Take it!" she screamed and pushed herself up and onto him. There was a slight pain from the tearing and that was all until the immense pleasure of having a real dick in her took over. She had her second orgasm and then another in quick succession just from his slow movement into her while she adjusted to his size. The feeling was so intense she thought she would die then and there. It only got better and more powerful for her. She wondered why she had denied herself the incredible pleasure. When she had her fourth climax she was already deep in the "zone" and bucking back against his every thrust with wild lustful abandon. 

Because he had already cum once, she was in for a long and steady fucking. She spread her legs out and away giving him more access. He used the opportunity by going deeper and deeper with each stroke. When he hit her cervix she pushed up and he plopped into her womb sending her over the top again. He continued to pump her faster and faster and she continued to have one long and large orgasm after another. When he finally was ready, he pushed all the way in and came. She came again and again and screamed from her passion as he shot stream after stream deep into her womb. 

When she calmed down a little and his soft dick released from her, it occurred to her it was good thing she was on the pill to regulate her period or she would certainly have gotten pregnant after that incredible sex.

She was totally energized and higher than she thought humanly possible. Debra looked away from the dozing Brad and noticed a group of guys had gathered to watch her as Brad had fucked her. She was so highly aroused that she wanted more. She carefully stood up, so as not to wake Brad, and walked over to them not caring she was stark naked. She could feel Brad's cum leaking down her legs. She could see that all ten had sprouted bulges and she smiled.

"See anything you want?" she asked as she laid down on a nearby blanket and spread her legs for them to see her in all her glory and fondled her tits to stay in her high state of arousal. As the first one approached she calmly reached for the bulge in his pants. The rest didn't need a second invitation. They all went at her at once, fingering, groping, squeezing and kissing her. Sometime in there, they all lost their swim trunks and there was dick everywhere for her to play with, suck on and get fucked by. She was on fire with lust. She needed to fuck them all and she did, most of the time doing two at a time, sucking one and fucking another. She got into her "zone" again and never wanted the feelings to stop. The harder they fucked her the more she wanted it. When one finished, there was another waiting and ready – and so was she. Over and over she climaxed, each time urging them on with moans of "more – please I need more... fuck me .... fuck me harder. After a time, all ten were totally spent, having cum several times each during the fuck fest. To her disappointment there were no other dicks to use. 

It was also time to get home before her folks worried. On the way home she tried to remember how many guys had cum in her. She lost count at twenty-six times in her now very sore pussy and ten in her mouth. Even Brad had come around for another. Not bad for her first time.

That night after showering and getting into bed, she had only one thing in mind – sexual satisfaction. She wanted more of that "lost in the moment" feeling as much as possible. She had felt that level of wantonness, that unbearable craving for sexual stimulation, that lust for a large dick inside her spurting its juices, that made her want as much cock as possible. Amazingly she masturbated so she could sleep. 

She continued to satisfy her nymphomaniac desire that summer with Brad and his friends every weekend. She would go to the secluded beach in the afternoon by herself, knowing they would be there and, best of all, she would often be the only girl. She wouldn't even wear a suit or underwear under her cover-up. Why bother - besides it freaked out some of the older guys who gave her rides to the beach when she flashed them. A couple of times, she offered up a blowjob as a "thank you". Funny, not one ever refused.

Once at the beach she would lose the cover-up. The "guys" would already be nude. They would swim, and play Frisbee or volleyball – always nude. She loved the way they looked at her body while she ran and jumped around, especially her tits as they rose and fell. And always, there seemed to be more boys and different ones than the last time. And always, the day would end the same – she would take them all on mostly two at a time. She would fuck and suck for hours, cuming twenty or thirty times herself in the process. It seemed once was never enough anymore.

The last summer weekend before they all left for college, Brad took her anal cherry. That evening, there were nineteen guys. One of them was on his back and she was riding him "cowboy" style while he squeezed her tits. She had another in her mouth who was getting to cum. Brad came up behind her and pushed a finger into her ass using the gobs of cum pouring out of her well used pussy as a lubricant. She squirled at the new invasion but decided she liked it and encouraged him to continue. Then there were two fingers and then three as he stretched her virgin anus wider and wider.

When he removed the fingers she moaned in protest. She didn't have long to wait. His dick was at her entrance and in her to the hilt before she knew it. The guy under her started pumping harder and harder and Brad was pummeling her ass. They got a rhythm going and it drove her into her favorite oblivion. She came and came, over and over and harder than she had ever experienced as they continued to pound her pussy and ass. It was a new sexual high for her and she loved it. When they both exploded into her at almost the same time, she had a massive orgasm.

The guys weren't done. No sooner than Brad lifted off, they picked her up and placed her on top of another dick. Another guy got behind her and shoved his dick into her waiting and gapping ass without so much as a hello. She couldn't have cared less. She was in heaven again being pounded by two big delicious dicks. 

"Isn't there another cock somewhere?" she screamed. She was rewarded with a massive tool in her face. She reached up, grabbed it and swallowed it in one gulp. Her incredible ability to deep throat it made him lose control quickly. He came in about four pumps of her mouth. He pulled out and another replaced it. The two others in her ass and pussy gave it up moments later and they were replaced by two more.

That night, she had singles, doubles, and triples. She even had five at once, jerking two off. She had wished the night would never end but her ass, pussy and jaw where sore and tired and the guys were all spent. She took a quick dip with Brad to clean herself up. As she walked to his car still naked, she hugged each and every one of them, squeezed their very tired and limp dicks, and thanked them for the most fabulous night of her life. When Brad dropped her off at her house, she kissed him and thanked him for a wonderful summer.

She started classes at the local state college that fall. 'So many guys and so little time' she thought. She knew she had found her calling - she loved sex, the more often and the more players the better. She gave up wearing any underwear – why bother? She had quickly earned the reputation as the school's slut and she reveled in that title – she even kept score. 

In her freshman year she seduced each of the four boys in her neighborhood into a regular weeknight event. She also sucked and fucked the mailman, the UPS man, and several pizza delivery boys. She experimented with different sizes and colors of dicks. In all, she did fifty white, sixteen black, fourteen Hispanic and twenty five Orientals - often each ten or more times. They ranged in age from 19 to 50. She really liked the UPS man. His huge black dick stretched her further and reached places she never knew existed. The mailman's cum was really tasty and the four boys had stamina that kept her going all week long. But it was the Chinese food delivery guy that got her attention. He could really get her bell rung with just his tongue working her clit and pussy. He was amazing and so were all of his friends. That was her warm up year and she was still only nineteen. 

According to her diary, during her sophmore year she had sex with a total of 160 different guys from all over the county. One afternoon she fucked an entire auto shop class and its teacher at the largely black advanced technical school. They could really fuck. She never had so many large and long dicks in her life and they stayed hard forever punishing her pussy and her ass for several hours. When she left she could hardly walk but her car ran great. 

She accomplished this all while still fucking one of the four neighborhood boys every night. About ten every weeknight when she told her folks she was going to bed, she would slip out the window and over to the park across the street. There one or more of the boys would be waiting. She would quickly undress and get up on one of the picnic tables and spread her legs. They would fuck like animals until the boys were spent. Then she would go home and masturbate while she finished her studying.

Brad and his friends became a regular during her summers. She practically lived at the beach by getting a job as a parking attendant. She would be done by two and head over to their special beach. She just loved those three dicks in her and the all afternoon gang-bangs and she got a really great all-over tan as a side benefit. They even brought along a couple of very willing girls to join the party just to make it interesting.

In her junior year, she fucked the entire football and basketball teams several times during the season as a reward for winning an important game. She even included the coaches. She also did two hundred and eighty-five fellow students, seventeen teachers, and the janitor. It was the assistant dean that got her into lesbian sex for the fist time with regular trysts after classes on Fridays where she was introduced to large dildos in both holes. She immediately went out and bought two of the largest she could find. And when the baseball team won the championship, she showed up in their locker room and took on the whole team and the coaches on a cushion on the floor of the shower with the water running. Un-fucking believable – she came so many times her stomach hurt.

Needless to say, she didn't graduate high in her class. She hadn't really learned any skills to get a job, other than the obvious, so she decided she needed some more school. She applied and was accepted at a secretarial school and did surprisingly well. It appeared she had an aptitude for finance and organization. 

During some of the classes, she would wedge her little rocket vibrator/dildo in her pussy and stay in a constant state of arousal for the whole two hours. When the teachers caught on, she often got lucky and it improved her grades. That year she set out to fuck all seventeen male teachers on the faculty. She only missed by two – they were both gay. 

That following summer after graduating pretty high in the class she went looking for a job. She interviewed thirteen times without success and she was getting discouraged and desperate. She finally fell on the idea that if she showed a little, she might get the job so she went to her next interview with no bra and a very short skirt, bare legged and no panties. As she sat across from the HR manager of the firm she hoped to work for, she couldn't help but notice his staring at her tits and legs. So she gave him a show that she was sure he would talk about for years. She slowly opened her legs and then crossed them with her ankle on her knee. With the short skirt up around her hips it opened her well used pussy fully wide for view. 
