 Once I was seated in the theater, I could catch my breath and think a bit. I was absentmindedly watching the girls on the screen go at each other; but my mind was reflecting on the past few minutes. Thinking about all the dicks I’d sucked and my emotions while I was doing that was a revelation.

I had always looked down on girls who were obviously promiscuous. The common thought was that they were in some way deficient or low or contemptible, and I had bought in to that. But now I knew differently. Those girls that we had always looked down on were actually the most honest ones around. They enjoyed sex, they wanted sex, they wanted different sex, and they were not ashamed to admit it – to themselves or to others. The rest of us looked down on them because we were frightened of their honesty and their courage. We “civilized” women were too afraid to admit the truth, in fear of what “others” would think. Wow! When I think of all the wasted opportunities, all the fun I had missed, all the shame I had felt for my “unconventional” feelings…….those thoughts truly shamed me.

Vowing never to act according to the morals and rules of others again, I began to consider my present situation.

There I was, in a small, dimly lit, filthy little theatre on the side of an adult bookstore. Surrounding me were perhaps a dozen men of varying descriptions, all of them interested in sex. The type of sex was not important. Some wanted sex with men, some probably with women, some with both, and, I was willing to bet, a lot of them would not limit themselves to either of those two categories, if they had the chance. I wondered what feelings they had.

In the middle of all this maleness, I sat, with my tiny, light skirt pulled almost up to my crotch, and my tube top showing almost all of the tops of my tits. As I sat there, other men kept coming in to the theater, and I probably had already sucked some of them off. The wonder of it was that there was no way to know for sure. I never had seen their faces. These thoughts, deliciously wicked, pounded into my brain. I had enjoyed my experience in the arcade, and I was not ashamed, and I did not want the experience to end yet.

Soon I realized that while I was thinking and looking toward the screen, my hand had automatically found my pussy. I had already pulled my skirt up and my fingers were furiously playing inside my dripping wet cunt. Looking up, I saw probably fifteen to twenty men in that tiny theater, and almost all of them were watching me play with myself. One day not long ago, I would not have believed myself capable of that, and yet here I was, not the least bit bashful, on the verge of another climax at the thought of all those men watching me.

It was time to concentrate more on what I was doing. Bringing my mind back to the theater, I allowed myself to smile again and looked around at the others. I lifted my feet up to rest on the top of the seat in front of me, and I spread my legs as far as they would spread. Then I pulled my skirt up around my waist, raising my butt off the chair so it would rise all the way. I pushed my tube top down to meet the skirt, and loved the feeling of me being so exposed to view. My motions became quicker as the fingers seemed to have minds of their own, exploring deep into my cunt and manipulating my clitoris.

One of the men from the back climbed over the back of a seat and sat down in a seat just one away from me. He immediately pulled his cock out of his pants and began to pull on it while he stared at my legs and tits. He hardly ever looked up at my face; all he wanted was to see my sexual places. Soon after he sat down, another man climbed over the seat and kneeled between his legs and began to suck his dick. The first man’s eyes never left my body as he allowed himself to be blown.

A couple more men sat in the row in front of me and then turned in their seats to watch me. I knew, from the sound of zippers and the motions of their arms, that they were playing with their dicks also.

One old guy sat down in the seat one over from directly in front of me. His eyes never left my pussy while he stroked his dick. I imagined that his dick was not getting very hard, considering how old and frail he looked, but that did not stop him from staring at my cunt and playing with himself. I was willing to bet that this was the closest he had been to a naked woman in a long time, and the thought of him openly staring up my cunt while I played with myself turned me on even more. I moaned and spread my legs as far apart as I could so that he could see anything he wanted, and leaned my head back to enjoy the feeling. 

At that, one of my bolder admirers approached and pulled his cock out, right in front of me. Although I wanted it badly, I was not quite ready.

There was not much sound in the room other than the moans and sighs from the movie and some raspy breathing. I then stood up and looked around me and, incredibly, began to speak.

“In just a few minutes, guys, I will take you all on, in any way that you can imagine. But first, allow me a few minutes to satisfy my exhibitionistic cravings, and let me do what I want. You will know when your turns will come.”

Who was this woman, I wondered. I’ve never seen her before, but I think I really liked her.

After finishing, I walked up to the front of the room, just to the side of the screen so I could see my audience. I pulled my top up over my head, and my skirt down off my legs, and stood there, completely naked in front of all these strange men. Moaning, I lowered both hands to my cunt and began to feverishly work my body. I stuck my finger in my pussy and licked it off, then I stuck it in my ass, pulled it out and licked it off again. I found it hard to stand as I performed my own impromptu sex show in front of them all. Raising one foot, I placed one foot on the arm of a seat in front of me so they could better see me. I rubbed my tits, and moaned and screamed. I actually turned around and bent over and spread my ass cheeks so they could see when I shoved a finger two knuckles deep into my wet ass.

Then I walked around the room so that all could get a good look at me. By now they all had their cocks out and were playing with themselves and with each other. I could stand close in front of them and watch as they stared at my cunt and whacked their dicks. One was young and probably inexperienced. After only a few seconds, he began to jerk and shudder, and suddenly, copious quantities of thick, white cum splashed onto my belly. Moaning, I rubbed it into my skin and over my trimmed pubic hair, and down along my cunt and into my ass; all the while he was spasming and jerking like he had never cum before. I knelt in front of him and took his still hard dick into my mouth and gently sucked and licked it off. As I pulled away, I could feel it already beginning to stiffen up again.

Kneeling there, I saw as the men began to close in around me, offering their dicks. I decided I had one more thing to do before I settled down to business. I stood up and saw the old guy still sitting in his seat, hungrily watching me. I moved in front of him and knelt down. Softly, I leaned forward and took his limp dick into my mouth. I sucked it in and out between my lips, and ran my tongue all around it. There were definitely stirrings within the dick as I toyed with it. Grabbing the root between two fingers, I continued to suck, occasionally licking the semi-flaccid cock and the shriveled balls below it. The old man’s breathing became faster as he neared his climax, and I applied more attention to his dick. Soon, with no warning and no hardness, I tasted his small amount of cum on my tongue. Smiling to myself, I continued to lick and suck until he was done. I looked up at him and smiled, and he smiled back and slumped back into his seat.

Having done the youngest and the oldest in the group, it was time to get serious about the patient group around me. Moving out from the rows and into an open area, I made another announcement.

“OK, guys. I’m ready.” I said. “But before I let you have your ways with me, I want you all to just feel me and grope me and run your hands all over me. But, please be gentle. I’m into sex, not pain. I don’t want anybody hurting me. OK?”

With that, standing straight and tall, I spread my legs a bit to be comfortable and accessible and raised my arms above my head and closed my eyes.

Immediately, I felt the incredible feeling of a few dozen hands running all over my body. Some went for my tits, some for my hard, erect nipples. Some went right to my pussy, probing inside and feeling around the lips and the hair around them. I felt some gently rubbing over my ass cheeks, eventually probing my asshole. Hands roamed softly up and down my legs, paying special attention to my thighs and knees. I even felt a pair of hands running lovingly over my feet and probing between my toes and massaging the backs of my calves.

Such a rush it was to feel all that attention; all that feeling of all those strangers’ hands roaming over every inch of me. I was lost in an indescribable ecstasy.

I don’t know how long I stood there, eyes closed, swimming in the sea of hands, but soon I became aware of my legs being tired and needing a rest. Half reluctantly, I moved away and sat down in a front row seat. Spreading my legs as far as I could and leaning my head back against the back of the seat, I was ready.

“Now it is time, gentlemen. Come and enjoy me.”

This time I kept my eyes open as I saw them move in around me. One quick fellow dived down between my legs and began to lick all over my pussy and asshole and clit. His eyes were closed as he pleasured me and himself with his attentions. Two cocks moved toward my face from opposite sides, and then I was enjoying a thrill I had never had – the velvety feel of two dicks in my mouth. It was difficult to fit them both in from the opposite angles, but that did not stop me from loving the feeling of the opportunity.

Eventually I turned my head to one side and took one dick deep into my mouth while I felt the other rubbing all over my face. It did not take long to get my first reward as I felt my mouth filling with cum from the first dick. Eagerly swallowing, I turned my head and took the other dick into my mouth and began to lick and suck. Another dick began rubbing my face from the other side, and then I felt one from the top of my head rubbing all over my forehead.

The hungry mouth I had felt at my cunt was replaced by the rapid insertion of a good sized dick into my dripping pussy. As I sucked the dick in my mouth, I felt the pounding of the dick in my cunt and reveled in the twin sensations. Shortly, someone grabbed one of my free hands and placed it around a dick, and I played with that hard thing. It did not take long for a copycat to get the idea, and then my other hand was playing with another dick. Hands continued to rub my tits and play with my nipples, and I loved the feeling as I sucked on the throbbing dick in my mouth.

Then the dick in my mouth began coming, and it was rapidly pulled out of my protesting lips and then I felt the cum shooting across my tits, spurt after hot spurt hitting my chest. I was so sensitized I could even feel the cum as it ran down my chest, even as another dick was thrust into my mouth from the other side. The hands on my tits soon began to rub the cum into my skin, and then I felt two more loads of cum being shot onto my tits from opposite sides.

Between my legs, the dick was pumping more furiously, and then I felt the deep jabs that indicated a climax was in the works. I heard the moan as the dick buried itself deep into me, and then I could feel the cum running out of my cunt and down to my asshole as the dick was withdrawn.

That dick was soon replaced by another just as the new dick in my mouth came. After the cumming was done, I slowly pushed the jism out of my mouth with my tongue and allowed it run down my chin and onto my neck and down the sides of my body. Even while that was happening, I didn’t have to turn my head to feel another cock being sunk into my face.

Then everything became a blur as I felt cock after cock penetrating my cunt and my mouth, and felt wave after wave of cum splashing on my body, or against the back of my throat, or buried in my pussy.

I developed a mental picture of what I must have looked like. A completely naked woman, completely surrounded by sweating, erect men of every description, being repeatedly penetrated and cum upon by the excited dicks.

How sluttish I must have looked, and the thought of that look, along with the attentions of all the cocks around me, finally drove me over the edge and into my first thundering, shuddering climax. Bouncing in my seat, I could feel spatters of cum on me as I climaxed.

Hardly had that climax finished when someone pulled my hands and helped me to stand. He led me to the open area, and then he lay down on the filthy floor. Pulling me down on top of him, he guided my asshole onto his stiff dick. I was so wet with passion and sweat and cum that I immediately sank down onto his crotch, taking his entire dick in my ass with one motion, even though I had never had a dick up my ass before. I started to rock back and forth, and tried to move up and down on his dick, while at the same time three dicks were stuck in front of my face.

I reached up with both hands and hungrily stuck all three of them, as best as I could, into my mouth. I then alternately sucked and licked and licked and sucked all of them until the first came in my mouth, then the second came, spattering wildly all over my face, and then the third spurted his load on top of the other load that was running all over my face. Each dick was replaced immediately by another, and I realized that I didn’t have to help with my hands at all; the owners of the dicks were doing what they wanted. That was good, because I could then grab other dicks with my hands, or rub my hands along my sweaty, cummy body, or rub my wet, cummy clit.

Soon I was being violently thrust into the air as the dick in my ass began to cum, and I squealed as I tried to help with the first ass fuck I had ever had. I ground down against the body beneath me, and moved as best as I could to further the orgasm happening within me. When it was over, I leaned forward so the dick and the body could be withdrawn. But I felt the cum dripping out of my ass and loved the unfamiliar feeling. Feeling a cramp in my leg beginning to form, I raised myself up onto my knees, and was surprised at the feeling of a head pushing between my legs.

I looked down and saw a face eagerly licking my cunt and my ass clean (or close to clean, anyway) of the cum that I had taken in. Curiously, this was a huge turn-on for me, and I was pleased to see that the face – what I could see of it – was good looking. I came again, quickly, and the spasms pushed even more cum out of my body and into the eager mouth of the face below me. At first, I could not believe some guy would actually want to eat the cum right out of my cunt, and then I remembered where I was, and suddenly it was a huge turn-on for me. I loved that he was licking the cum out of my cunt and my asshole, and I wanted this to keep happening for a long time. To have a man do such a thing was different from anything I had ever thought of before, and I suddenly came again, in rushing, frantic spasms of excitement. I could only imagine the amount of cum I must have squeezed out upon this new admirer; but he continued to happily slurp it up as fast as it ran out upon him.

While he was cleaning me out, I looked around and saw that everyone must have been satisfied. The men were standing around, dicks in their hands, watching me have this young man eat their cum out of my pussy. It was then that I realized that I was tired, and had cum enough for one night – at least according to my old standards. I had sucked and fucked so many dicks I did not even know how many I had; I was covered from face to feet in slimy cum; and even my ass was wet and loose from the attention it had enjoyed.

I decided that I was tired, and needed to go home and rest. I was not at all uptight about what I had just done, but I was ready to stop. I stood up and the face beneath me clung eagerly to my pussy, apparently worried that he might miss a drop of cum out of me. This excited me and I stood there, naked to the world, looking around at the group of satiated men around me, as this other man licked and sucked all the cum out of my cunt and ass.

Eventually he finished, and stood and looked at me with a lost, little puppy-dog look in his eyes. Strange possibilities came flooding to my mind, and I began to think about some really kinky things involving him and me and lots of others. I wondered how it would be to have him as my partner in this new life I had just discovered. I was not sure if I wanted to share, but, on the other hand, I might be fun to have someone to talk to about sucking dicks and being completely slutty.

His eyes were still staring at me, along with those of all the others. I looked down at myself and was a little astonished to see what I looked like. There were gobs and streams of cum all over my body, some stuck in place and beginning to dry and other gobs were running down my now vertical body. I could feel it trickling down my face and neck, and could see how it flowed over my boobs, down my tummy, through my wet, matted pubic hair, over my cunt, down my thighs and calves to my feet. I imagined that I must look the same from the rear, and wished that I could see myself from that angle.

Then a thought occurred to me. How was I going to get home? I had already had the delicious thought of pulling on my little top and skirt and walking right through the store to my car with all the cum still on me, but now I realized that I did not want it all stuck in the car seat. At least for this time, I was going to have to modify my plan.

My hands began, almost as if on their own, to rub the stuff all over myself, and everyone watched me hungrily.

“Hmmmm,” I found my self saying to them. “This feels so good, but maybe you guys want to clean me up instead? Anybody want to lick this off me, or just rub it in or off of whatever, so I can go home?”

Instantly, some of them crowded around. My friend who had licked out my cunt was the first to choose a tit and begin licking it clean; but it did not take long for another to follow his lead with the other tit. I could feel someone’s tongue running up and down the crack of my ass to get the juices there, and three more were running their hands up and down my legs to smooth it out and help it to dry.

It did not take long to get me reasonably “clean”, while stood there naked and enjoyed once again the thrill of all those strangers feeling me up and licking me all over. I wished I could continue the night, but I was tired and thirsty and decided to save some for another night.

Even pulling my clothes back on felt erotic in front of all those men. Of course I left a lot of tit showing around my tube top, and pulled my skirt up high so the bottom of my ass cheeks were in view, along with most of my cunt, probably. While I was doing this I winked at the younger one and made a slight motion with my head for him to follow me out. He blinked a couple of times, with a puzzled look on his face. I was not sure if he understood. Slipping my sandals on, I smiled at him again and turned toward the door. Pausing at the door, I looked back at all my fuckers and loved the view of them all standing and watching me, most of them with their dicks still out. It sure was nice to have such an effect on them. I smiled again at the one I had chosen, and walked through the door and into the store.

The glare of the bright lights was a surprise, and it took a moment to adjust my eyes. When I did open them again, I was surprised that were still five or six men wandering around. They all did a double-take when they saw me, and I walked proudly, maybe defiantly through them to the door, knowing my breasts were swaying and the skirt was bouncing up showing a lot of ass and a lot of cunt. I waved to the clerk as I walked out the door and he laughed and waved back.
