 I spent the next two days healing from my breast surgery and wondering how I could cheat on Dan. At the same time I was in a constant state of horniness. I couldn't keep my hands and fingers off of my pussy and my nipples were always hard. Every so often I would pull on her nipple rings and shutter with the pleasure that it would bring her.

On the third day from my surgery, Ellen called and said she would be over in 30 minutes to take me to see Dr. Williams. What was odd was that Ellen didn't tell me what she wanted me to wear. With that, I took a quick shower and started to pick my own outfit out. One that I knew would please Ellen and Dr. Williams. I decieded to wear a latex micro mini with a lace up the front corset top. The top really revealed my cleavage and the size of my chest. As I looked in the mirror I began getting horny again, I needed some relief. As I slid my black seamed stockings up my legs I remembered the vibrator that Ellen had left. I put the vibrator on a medium setting and inserted it into my moist pussy. Oh that was much better. I finished putting my other stocking on and attaching them to the garter belts. Then I slipped my foot into my tallest heels that I owned, a pair of 6 1/2" stillettos. I really didn't know how I could walk in them, but I knew that Ellen would be pleased.

When Ellen arrived to pick me up, she was indeed pleased. She looked me up and down and then told me to bend over. I did as I was told and Ellen took her hand and ran it over my pussy. She felt the vibrator and took the end and pushed it into me further. Oh how good that felt. Then she pulled it out and brought it to my lips. "Suck this you slut" said Ellen. I did as I was told and sucked my juices off of the vibrator. While I was doing that, Ellen ran her hand back down to my pussy and spread my pussy lips. She pulled up on my clit ring and began to run her tongue up and down my wet slit. She did this for a few minutes and then stuck her tongue in my pussy, flicking it up and down and sucking on my clit and clit ring. Oh God did it feel good. Then she stopped, pulled my skirt down and said "you have pleased me with your outfit today and I rewarded you, continue to please me and I will continue to reward you, understood?". "Yes" is all that I could say. I wanted her to finish sucking me off.

When we got to Dr. Williams office, I had to wait in the lobby for a little while. Ellen told me that she had to run an errand and would be back soon. After about 15 minutes, a nurse came and got me, she told me that Dr. Williams would be right in to see me. As I sat on the examination table, I began to think about the last time that I saw Dr. Williams and how he fucked me. I wanted it to happen again, but I knew that I shouldn't cheat on Dan.

Dr. Williams came in followed by a very large black man. Dr. Williams introduced the black man as Alvin Roberts, an intern that would be assisting Dr. Williams and looking in on his re-examinations. I was disappointed that I would get a chance to fuck Dr. Williams again because of this intern, but I knew that I was going to flirt with Dr. Williams to show him what he missed.

The examination began by me having to unlace my corset, Mr. Roberts could not seem to take his eyes off of my every move. Dr. Williams should him the incessions that he made and looked at how they were healing. They both took notes and were acting very professional. Mr. Roberts asked me if the breast enlargement had caused me to loose any sensitivity in my nipples, I said "why don't you see for yourself". With that I guided his huge black hand up to my breasts and then moved them over to my nipples. He ran his fingers over my nipples and then pulled on one of my nipple rings. I moaned in pleasure. He continued to do this with my other breast. Then he started to suck my nipples. His large mouth sucking and licking my tits was driving me wild. Dr. Williams walked over and gently spread my legs. He began licking my pussy. Then he started to suck my clit while sticking two fingers in my wet pussy. When he came up for air, he looked over at Mr. Roberts and said "I told you this was one horny bitch". Mr. Roberts said "I know, but has she ever had any really big black meat in her tight pussy?".

With that, Mr. Roberts pulled down his pants and I saw the largest cock I have ever seen. It must have been 9" long and still getting bigger. Mr. Roberts who was now telling me to just call him Alvin, he brought his huge cock up to my lips and told me to start sucking. I could barely get the head of his cock into my mouth, I grabbed his cock with both hands, and started to slowly lick the head of this monster. I could feel it growing in my hands. I couldn't even get my hands all the way around it.

While I am focusing on Alvin's monster, I noticed that Dr. Williams is starting to fuck my pussy. I feel him pounding my pussy, then he slows down. He would fuck me hard for a few minutes, then he would all of a sudden stop, pulling out and then start pounding me again. I was cumming like never before.

By now, I had gotten the head of Alvin's cock in my mouth and was starting to get into the swing of things. Alvin was telling me "suck my cock bitch, you better get it all in your mouth or I will stop and leave". I was really sucking his cock for all I was worth. I just wanted to please him and have him cum in my mouth. I started to play with his balls and stroke his cock while I sucked and then I knew he wouldn't be able to last much longer. I heard Alvin grunt and then I felt his cock start to twitch. Then I felt a rush of cum blast down my throat. I gagged at first, then I tried to swallow as much as I could, but he came too much and it ended up dripping down my chest.

Dr. Williams was fucking my pussy and was really pounding me good when he stopped. He slid up my stomach so that his cock was laying between my tits. I squeezed my tits together and he started to fuck my tits. Oh I had never done anything like this before. It felt good and I loved seeing his cock slide toward my mouth. Occassionally I would suck his cock when it slid through my tits.

Alvin, by now was hard again and I could feel him licking my pussy. He kept saying "I am about to stretch you to your limits, your pussy is mine". I was scared, I had never had anything that big in me. Then I felt the head of his cock enter me. I felt my pussy getting wetter and wetter. Alvin would put a little in at a time and let my pussy get use to it, then he would slide his monster out of me and then put a little more in me. This was driving me wild.

By now, Dr. Williams was about to cum and when he did he blasted my face with cum, wad after wad landed on my tits and face. I scopped it up and licked it off of my fingers, then he brought his cock to my face and made me suck him clean. Dr. Williams got off of me, cleaned up and left the room.

Alvin had about 10" of his monster cock in my pussy and I was going crazy. I was yelling "please fuck me, please fuck me. I need your cock up my tight pussy". I was going crazy. It felt like I was cumming with every stroke that he took. He knew that I was enjoying it by the glaze look on my face. That is when he said "hold on slut, here it cums", with that he grabbed me by the waist and pulled me down onto the rest of his cock. I exploded into a major orgasism. He left his cock buried in my pussy, making me grind up and down on his monster pole. Then he picked me up and he sat down in a chair with me straddling him. He would pick me up and down off of his cock. He would pick me up so that the tip was just inside my pussy and then push me down all the way. I was screaming "please don't stop keep fucking me". I didn't care if anyone was in the waiting room or not, I just wanted Alvin to keep fucking me.

Alvin pulled me down onto his cock and then picked me up and laid me down on the examining table, he pulled my legs up so that they were up on his shoulders and he stood there and started to fuck me. I was thrashing wildly on his cock and he was deeper than he had ever been in my pussy. I thought that I would pass out from the pleasure and the pain. Alvin was pumping my pussy faster and faster. I knew he was about to cum, I could feel his cock starting to twitch. I was begging him " Please don't cum in me, PLEASE DON'T CUM IN ME", but he didn't seem to be listening. Just then I felt a huge jet of cum erupted from his cock. He came a few more times in my pussy and then pulled out. He brought his cock up to my lips and told me "suck me clean slut". I did as I was told as I laid there exhausted.

A few minutes passed as Alvin cleaned up and got dressed, while this was happening Dr. Williams came in. He had a cup with some type of blue liquid in it. He said "drink this, it will help with the healing and cause the scars to go away sooner". Then he told me that he was having a party at his house tomorrow night and that he would like me to attend. I reminded him that I was married and he said "it is just a quiet little party, no big deal". I asked "what will I need to wear". Dr. Williams told me "don't worry about it, I will have something delievered to your apartment tomorrow by 3 p.m., you will do as the directions in the box say. A limo will be by to pick you up at 6 p.m. sharp. Be ready!" I was nervous, but I agreed. With that, Ellen walked in the room and asked how my examination went. Everyone said fine that I was doing good and I will need to be back in a week.

Ellen and I left and I could barely walk, my pussy was leaking cum down my stocking legs. Ellen saw me walking funny and asked "is everything all right?" I said "yes, but my pussy is full of cum right now and it is running down my leg". She told me to scoop it up with my hand and lick it clean. I did as I was told and throughout the ride home, I knew that I was addicted to sex. I needed to be fucked real soon...