 Authors note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

With the holidays in full swing, I have been busy getting the house ready for Christmas. I pulled out all the decorations from the garage to string the lights outside. I was going through all the strands when I noticed that Scott was outside cleaning up his yard.

I've seen Scott off and on outside since our great sex on Halloween. His girlfriend seems to be over at his place more often, so I figured she had moved in with him now. We say pleasantries to each other in passing, but we have never given anything away about our night together.

I know it was just one night together, but damn, he knows how to fuck! I can't count how many times that I have pulled out my dildo or vibrator to get myself off while thinking about him. Damn just seeing him know makes my pussy wet. 

I continued on with my work on the lights when I heard some loud cussing next door. I looked up to see Scott holding his hand; I walked over to his yard to make sure he is okay.

"Scott, is everything okay?" I asked him as I approached him.

Scott replied to my question "I cut my hand on the trimmers; it hurts like hell."

"Here let me see." I took his hand to look at it. I led him across the yard to my house.

Scott followed me willingly then asked, "Where are we going?"

I didn't even pause and just kept walking then replied: "To my house to clean up your hand, so it doesn't get infected." Scott didn't say anything else and just followed me.

Once we got into the house, we walked to the spare bathroom. I made sure the toilet lid was down and instructed Scott to sit. Once he did sit down, I got into the medicine cabinet and found the antibiotic cream. I rinsed all the dirt and blood from his hand then applied the cream to it before putting a band-aid on it.

I could feel Scott staring at me, so I turned my head towards him with a questioning look. "Thank you, Lily. I really do appreciate your help."

I just smiled at him and responded: "No problem, were neighbors we are supposed to help each other out once in a while."

"Well thanks again, Sarah wouldn't have helped me. She gets queasy at the sight of blood." He stated has he was standing up from the toilet seat. We stood staring at each other for a minute before I turned to walk out of the bathroom and go back outside.  

I was back out on the porch when Scott came out of my house with a distressed look on his face. He started walking down the steps then stopped and turned to me. "Lily I screwed up, I still want you so bad, but Sarah is living with me, and we got engaged at Thanksgiving time." I just kept looking at him, and he continued "Lily can you forgive me for being an ass?"

I looked at him with a smirk, and all I said to him is "You know where I live." I turned my back and started working on the strand of lights again, as Scott finished going down the steps to go home.

I wanted to get the lights on the house and all the other decorations up before it got dark. I noticed Sarah when she came home that afternoon, we waved kindly at each other as she got out of her car. A little while later both her and Scott left together. 

When it started getting dark I was tweaking the lights replacing any burnt out bulbs; I was on the ladder when Scott and Sarah got home. Sarah hollered over at me "Lily do you think that it is a good idea to be on that ladder?"

I stopped what I was doing to look over at her; I put on a smile as I replied: "It's okay dear I've been doing this for a long time." While under my breath I whispered to myself "At least I can take care of myself and your man."

A few minutes later Scott came over to my house alone and asked "Lily can I help you?" 

I looked down at Scott before I replied "Do you think that is a good idea? The last time you helped me with decorations we wound up in bed together."

Scott replied, "If I remember it right it was after a party."

I came down the ladder laughing at Scott's comment, I told him "Your totally right, so we better make sure we don't go to the same party again."

Scott was staring at me and asked: "Why not do you not trust me?"

I laughed hard before I answered him "Sweetie it's not you I don't trust." Scott's eyes got big at my response. "What you think I would never want to fuck you again? You would be very wrong about that!"

Scott did not step back when I got off the ladder so I was trapped and could not move away from him. Scott was staring at me hard, and I could see the lust in his eyes, "Lily I want you so bad that when I am with Sarah all, I can think about you!" This time my eyes got big after his statement.

All of a sudden, our reality came crashing in on us, Sarah stepped outside of their house and yelled over for Scott. We both jumped from being startled by Sarah's voice. Scott looked at me again and whispered to me "We will meet up again Lily!" Then he walked away from me, and I could tell there was a little pep in his step.

I put all of the extra decorations, lights, and ladder back into the garage before I went into the house for the night.

I put dinner in the oven so I could go take a shower, I went into the bedroom and stripped all of my clothes off then walked into the bathroom. On my bathroom mirror, Scott wrote a note in soap "Lily; I will have you again soon!"

I smiled in the mirror and said aloud "Oh Scott I have plans for you!" I left the note on the mirror and jumped into the shower and got cleaned up quickly.

When I got back into my bedroom, I was going to put on a pair of pajamas to wear while I ate dinner and watched a movie. But I decided that I wanted to have a little fun instead. I put on my short silk robe and nothing else.

I pulled my dinner out of the oven and went into the living room. Instead of turning the television on I grabbed my lab top, once I had it booted up I found a porn site to start looking through. I saw a thirty-minute movie to watch with a woman and two men. 

I pushed my dinner plate to the side, started grinding my pussy on the sofa against my silk robe causing friction. My thighs were squeezed together as I started working up a faster rhythm, I reached down to slide my hand against my pussy. 

I spread my pussy lips slightly apart to rub my swollen clit, as soon as I touched myself it felt like electricity shot through me. I could feel my orgasm building, so I started rubbing my clit even faster. I felt my orgasm come upon me like a rush then my fingers were sopping wet from my pussy juice.

The porno was still running but I was not satisfied yet, I went to my room to get my seven-inch suction cup dildo. I went back out into the living room dropped my robe, so I was nude. I suctioned the dildo to the coffee table so that I was facing the television, I put my fingers in my quim to get some of my pussy juice and rubbed it on the dildo for lube. 

I aligned my pussy up to the dildo and slid down on it all the way to the rubber balls. I paused for a moment to get used to it inside me then I started bobbing up and down on it. I was hanging onto the edge of the coffee table to keep myself stable; I could feel myself building up again to have another orgasm. 

I started jumping up and down on the dildo so that I was slamming my pussy; I came so hard that I watched myself squirt onto the floor. I slowed down and just sat on the dildo for a minute before I got off of it.

I felt relieved and satisfied for the moment. I turned off the porno movie and turned on a Christmas chick flick. I sat on the couch naked eating my cold dinner watching the movie. When I was done, I got up to clean up the kitchen, and my dildo then crawled into bed to read for a while.

The next few days were very busy with decorating the house and shopping for the family. I didn't think about Scott...too often. The following weekend arrived, and I was sitting at the table filling out Christmas cards when my doorbell rang.

When I opened the door, it was Scott standing there in front of me. "Hi, what brings you over?" I ask him.

Scott is rocking back and forth on his heels and asked "I was wondering if you have any extra lights. I am putting up my tree, and I don't have enough strands of lights."

I open the door wide inviting him in, "Sure I have some lights out in the garage. Follow me." I led him to the side door that connects the house and garage. We stepped out there and went to the boxes that I had off to the side.

When I lifted the lid off the container Scott was behind me, he wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me up tight against him as he whispered in my ear, "I want you, Lily!"

I reached behind me to rub his cock through his jeans to find that it is hard, I looked over my shoulder at him with a smile and told him to take me!

Scott unfastened my jeans, pulled them and my panties down to my ankles, then bent me over the container. He unbuttoned his jeans quickly, pulled out his hard steel cock and jammed it into my pussy.

I yelped as he entered me, Scott grabbed my hips and started thrusting hard into me. I was pushing back against him to take him deeper. I reached down between my legs to rub my clit as we were both building up to a climax. We came together at the same time with the last thrust pushing me into the container knocking it over.

Scott pulled out of me, and he gave me a considerable creampie, it started running down my inner thighs. I stood up and turned around facing Scott, I went down on my knees and took hold of his softening cock, I looked up at him with a smirk on my face and told him "I need to clean you off, so Sarah doesn't smell me on you."

I proceeded to suck and lick his cock clean when I was done he pulled his jeans and briefs up to put himself back together. He helped me stand up and kissed me passionately when we broke apart he laughed and said: "I better get those lights and head home before she comes looking for me." I nodded my head agreeing with him.

I found a couple of strands of lights that worked and gave them to Scott. We went back into the house he went out the front door, and I went to the bathroom to clean out my pussy. 

I can not believe that just happened, but I am not going to question it. Real dick is so much better than a toy. I got cleaned up and went back to my Christmas cards.

I didn't see Scott for the next week, and I kept wondering if he would be back over to fuck me again and take his time with me. On Saturday I got a visitor around noon when I opened the door this time it was Sarah standing there looking at me.

I was surprised, to say the least, she has never come over since she moved in with Scott. "Hi, how can I help you?" I asked her.

Sarah had this odd look on her face that has me wondering if she knows about what Scott and I did together. Her response to my question is "Hi, Lily can you help me with something?" I could tell she was very embarrassed for some reason.

I looked at her very intently before I answered her question "I will try, what do you need?"

Sarah cleared her throat and asked if she could come inside. I opened the door and stepped to the side for her to enter, then closed the door behind her. She turned around suddenly wringing her hands together looking at the floor. I finally asked her "Sarah what is the problem?"

She took a deep breath and replied: "I think Scott is infatuated with you and your sexiness!" I could feel my eyes get huge looking at her. She kept talking "Can you show me how to be sexy like you? I think Scott would pay more attention to me."

"Wow! Really?" was all I could say in response to her question. 

"Lily you carry yourself with so much confidence that it is very sexy. Besides your self-confidence, you have a very sexy body, and you know how to flaunt it without coming on too strong. That is what I want you to teach me."

"Sarah I can't teach you self-confidence that is all on you," I informed her. 

"Well can you teach me how to be sexy?" She asked me with sadness in her voice.

I looked at her studying her face and body movements before I asked her "What did you have in mind?" I am very curious about what she is thinking.

Sarah got so red in the face from embarrassment before she answered my question "Show me how to move, act and what I can do to him to make him happy."

I sputtered before I replied, "You want me to show you sex acts that would please Scott?" I am utterly amazed that this beautiful woman is asking me a forty-nine-year-old mom of two twenty-year-old boys. Hell, I would kill to have a body like hers!

Sarah is about five feet seven inches tall with long blonde hair, big blue eyes, and the perfect thirty-four, twenty-four, thirty-six-hour glass figure. I can see why Scott is attracted to her, hell I am.

Sarah was standing there looking at me like a deer in headlights then surprised the hell out of me by telling me "I want you to show me how to have great sex and how to satisfy Scott."

I wrinkled my brow at her then asked her "What do you mean, you want me to have sex you and Scott to teach you how to have great sex?" All Sarah said was "Yes."

I walked away from Sarah to the Kitchen, and she followed me in there. I went to the cabinet about the stove and pulled down the bottle of rum then got a soda out of the fridge and mixed a drink. I drank it until it was gone before I answered her. "Okay but only if Scott is on board with this, he has to agree to have sex with both of us so I can teach you."

Sarah was grinning from ear to ear nodding her head. She came over to me wrapping her arms around me squeezing me tight. "Thank you so much! Don't worry I will get Scott to agree."

I just chuckled to myself and told Sarah "Once you do let me know and I will be more than happy to help you." Sarah was all giddy as she hugged me again before she left the house.

I sat down at the kitchen table shaking my head asking myself "What did I just get myself into?"

A couple of days later there was a knock on my door, and this time it is Scott. "Hi come on in." I stepped to the side to let him inside. He turned to me as soon as I shut the door.

He pushed me up against the door kissing me passionately; I was kissing him back clutching his shirt in my fists to keep my balance. He pulled away for us both to catch our breaths and then leaned in to kiss me more softly. 

When we got done kissing, I smiled at him and asked "Wow! What was that for?" Scott just smiled at me looking deeply into my eyes and all he said is "Because you are you and have I missed you!"

Scott grabbed my hand and led me to my bedroom. Once we were in the room, he started taking my clothes off one piece at a time. After he removed a piece of clothing, he would kiss my revealed skin. Frist was my shirt with him kissing my shoulders, then my bra. He cupped both of my breasts sucking and nipping at my nipples until they were pebble hard.

He went down on his knees kissing my stomach while unfastening my pants; he pulled my pants down over my hips along with my panties. He started kissing my outer labia then turned me around, so my butt was in his face. I could feel his kisses on my butt before he spread my cheeks to lick my crack. 

Scott put his hand on my back to direct me to lean forward on the bed; I was resting on my hands as he spread my butt cheeks further so he could see my pink starfish, I heard Scott groan before he started licking my hole. I sucked in my breath calling out his name "My god Scott that feels amazing!"

While Scott is still licking my starfish, he starts pulling my pants off my legs over my feet so that I am completely naked while he is fully clothed. I spread my legs further apart so Scott could touch my pussy.

Scott continued to lick my asshole while reaching under me to rub my clit. My god the sensations that are going through me are electric right now, I can feel my build up and Scott can also tell that I am getting ready to cum so he inserted two fingers inside my pussy moving them in and out that triggers me to have an intense, hard orgasm that squirts all over his hand.

My legs were shaking from the orgasm I just experienced, Scott stood up behind me, and I hear his zipper go down. He lined his cock up to my pussy and pushed in slowly until his balls were touching me. He moved in and out of me for a few strokes before he pulled outlining the head of his cock up to my ass.

I looked over my shoulder at him once I felt the tip of his cock at my anus, he paused for a second looking for permission to continue. I nodded my head at him letting him know that it was okay and I was ready for him.

I felt Scott spit on my ass hole before he started going forward, I pushed back against him when I felt the head of his cock slip past my sphincter ring. Once he got his cock all the way inside my ass, he paused for me to get used to his cock. After a few seconds, Scott started moving at a nice slow, steady pace, I reached under myself to rub my clit.

Scott picked up the pace, and I started rubbing my clit faster than we both came together. Scott filled my ass full of cum, he pulled out with a pop, and I felt his cum dripping out of my hole. I slid down onto the bed in a heap, breathing hard with my heart rate racing. 

I heard Scott walk away from me and the water start running in the bathroom sink. Once I got my breathing calmed down, I got up off the bed and went to join him. I sat on the toilet to push out all the cum out of my ass, Scott was still at the sink cleaning off his cock. I started pushing and making all kind ass noises I started laughing at Scott because the look on his face was hilarious.

"What's wrong never hear a woman fart before?" I asked him laughing

He smiled at me and replied, "Of course I have, but this is quite impressive." We both started laughing even more. 

Scott completed cleaning himself up, adjusted his clothes back in place and went out into the living room. I finished in the bathroom and went to my room to get dressed again. I walked out into the living room at the same time that my sons walked into the front door. 

I was surprised to see them "Hi! You two are early I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow." I walked over to the boys and gave them both a hug.

Zach my oldest was looking at Scott suspiciously before responding to my comment "We got done with all of our finals, so we decided to head home instead of staying there."

I was smiling happily to see them and replied: "Well I am so glad you did I have missed both of you."

Lucas finally asked, "Who's this mom?"

I turned to look a Scott who was sitting on the couch watching the three of us "I'm sorry this is Scott, our next-door neighbor. Scott these are my sons Zach and Lucas." Scott stood up to shake their hands and said: "Hi, it's nice to meet both of you."

My boys have been very protective of me since my husband died, so they are eyeing Scott like they want to kick his ass. Scott could feel the tension also so he started excusing himself "Lily I am going to head home thank you for the advice, and I will talk with you soon." 

I walked him to the door before he left he turned to look at me in the eye and mouthed see you soon than walked home.

As soon as I closed the door, the boys started asking me questions. "Mom, what the hell is going on?" Zach asked first.

I walked away from the door and replied: "I don't know what you mean?" The boys both gave me a look of disbelieve. 

Lucas piped up "Really mom? It smells like sex in here, and you are here with a man."

I looked at both of them and smiled "What do you want me to be with a woman instead?" Both of the boys yelled out at the same time "No!"

I walked over to Zach and Lucas I put a hand on their cheek and smiled at them as I informed them "Sweetie's I am just having a little fun with a man that I am attracted too, he makes your old mom feel like a woman." 
