 All week, a week that seemed to go in slow motion, I thought of my last massage. As the time of my next massage grew closer I became more excited.

Finally the day had arrived. I went through my usual routine getting my husband and kids ready and on their way to work and school.

I had my shower and got dressed noticing my pussy was a little wet, I was already thinking about the massage I was going to have. I did the usual boring stuff for the day, window shopping and grocery shopping. I think I was really just filling in time until I was to have my massage. That was all I could think about.

At last, the time had come. As I walked towards the the massage shop I was so horny I just felt like breaking into a run and taking my clothes off as I did.

In through the door I went, the smiling girl behind the counter lead me once again to the place where I could change into a towel ready for my massage. I went through the next door into the massage room, the masseuse I had last week was standing there waiting for me. I knew it was going to be another fun massage.

I took the towel off, lay face down on the table and opened my legs a little.

By now I was really horny and my pussy was very wet. The massage started. She started on my legs and with my legs open, she could see how wet I was. As she rubbed her hands up the length of my legs she brushed against my pussy which I had shaved that morning. The door opened and I heard someone else come into the room. I almost had an orgasm just knowing what was about to happen.

The new masseuse took over rubbing my legs while the other came to the top of the table and started to massage my shoulders. She had taken off her massage uniform and was already naked. With my head through the hole at the top of the table I could see she also had a shaven pussy. Her pussy was close to my face. 

The other masseuse was now rubbing the tops of my legs and across my swollen pussy lips, every now and again I could feel the tip of a finger inside me.

The door opened again and I heard more footsteps come into the room. I lay there closed my eyes thinking this was going to be more fun than last weeks massage. 

There were now four pairs of hands massaging my body, I was so horny because of all the attention I was receiving. One of the new masseuse started to really work on my pussy. I opened my legs wider hoping she would use the dildo on my pussy as she had done last week. The other moved slowly up over my butt and up towards my shoulders. I was now so horny I was up ready for almost anything.

As the masseuse came up around the top of the table I felt something brush my face, I opened my eyes and there it was. It was a man's erect cock. I should have jumped up and ran for the door, but I couldn't I just stared at his beautiful long cock. I could see it was longer and thicker than my husband's.

I couldn't stop, now my body was in control. I felt the bottom of the table move, it was now opened up like the bottom half of an X. It gave the masseuse working on my legs better access to to my soaked swollen pussy.

I was still mesmerised by the cock which brushed my face as he rubbed my back and shoulders. I couldn't help myself, as it brushed across my lips my tongue shot out and licked the head of his glistening cock. The masseuse at the bottom of the table rubbed a large dildo across the lips of my pussy and pushed the tip in and 

out. I started to moan, I was now totally under my bodies control.

The masseuse's then moved around, they were all changing to different parts of my body. The next masseuse was also a man, his cock was also long and thick with the veins standing out along the sides. As his cock was at my mouth I licked it and then put the head of his cock in my mouth and sucked it, tasting his salty pre-cum. I could also feel a large dildo being worked around my pussy, it was thrust into my pussy twice and then removed. The masseuse's moved again. They were moving around my body so they could all pleasure my pussy. It felt like there were more hands than I could count working on me.

The next masseuse that appeared in front of my face was also a man. I saw his cock was larger than the first two, it must have been nine or ten inches long. I instinctively licked it and put some of the shaft in my mouth, it had a familiar taste to it. It was the taste I got when I masturbated and licked my fingers. It was my own pussy juice, what I thought was a dildo was his cock which had been pushed into my swollen pussy. Just as I thought that I felt another one enter my pussy twice and then another and another, there were six men not four moving around my body putting there cocks in me and then moving around to my face. Each time they came to my face I would suck their cock's and each time they tasted of my own juice.

The massage had been forgotten. I found myself thrusting against the large cock's entering my pussy and sucking hard on the cock at my face. 

I was then turned over onto my back. There were six of them, not four, all men, they started massaging my tits and sucking on my very erect nipples. I could see them as they moved around and pushed their stiff cock's into my well lubricated pussy. 

I was out of control I was grabbing cocks and sucking them as fast as they came in front of my face while the other cocks kept thrusting into my pussy. I could feel it coming I was going to have an orgasm. The orgasm was explosive, I had never felt one so strong before, it made me push even harder against the thrusting cock's. I must have climaxed five more times. 

They stopped moving around me, but just as I thought it was finished they all started to masturbate around me. I helped with the cock's closest to my hands. 

They all came at almost the same time covering me with cum. They rubbed it all over my tits and pussy which made me climax again. They all left the room. I was lying there covered in cum, not knowing if was able to stand up. My pussy was swollen and red from all the large cock's that had stretched it and my legs felt like jelly.

The female masseuse came into the room, helped me off the table and into a soothing shower. I slowly dressed myself and went into the reception area. The young girl asked me if I would like another appointment for a massage.

I made a standing appointment for every Friday, which was my usual shopping day.

There was one more surprise, she asked me if I would like to buy a video of the massage I just had. They filmed all the full body massage's in case someone wants a memento of the action. Yes I thought I will buy one and handed over the money. I asked if they have a full body massage for men or couples,the answer was yes. I thought I might get him a massage on his own then we could get a massage together. 

I went home and watched the video of my massage which was taken from different angles, I got horny again just watching it. I got out my favourite toys and gave myself another orgasm. That night we had some of the best sex ever.

I will definitely get him a massage, and then we can compare stories.