 Do one or two casual encounters with a same sex partner qualify one to be considered bisexual? What if the encounter was during a threesome, foursome or moresome? How many same sex experiences does it take before you are classed as Bi? Must you actively seek out and engage in sex with a same-sex partner to be considered Bi, although you would normally prefer the opposite sex? These are questions I have asked myself ever since my first same-sex encounter. 

Often sex, to a man or woman, can become a form of temporary insanity. Your mind and inhibitions can be swept away by the frenzied heat of the encounter. An overarching need to release sexual energy can allow you to perpetrate, succumb to and experience acts that you would not normally consider; opening the door to a journey of exploration and experimentation to satisfy your curiosity or a deeper need. 

I believe that we are, by our very nature, bisexual. As children, we experiment by comparing genitals, sometimes touching each other, playing sexual games (who can pee the farthest) or other explorations of our sexual curiosity. Because male genitals are so exposed and therefore mores easily stimulated, boys tend to fixate on them more so than girls do with theirs. Girls, on the other hand, hug and kiss each other and hold hands growing up, not necessarily sexually goal oriented. I believe this is quite natural and an integral part of growing, learning and maturing as human beings. Society teaches us, as we grow, what it considers wrong, taboo, or deviant. The trouble (or blessing) with society is that what's normal changes from year to year and from nation to nation. I could be considered a deviant to the norm or pervert because I have often pushed against that envelope. Although, watch day time television and even those boundaries becomes questionable today.

Several years ago I was living with a liberated woman who allowed, encouraged and joined me in expressing and exploring my sexuality. Actually, I think she rather enjoyed our 'sexcapades' and I was overjoyed at the time to be with someone who did. Together, we fantasized, photographed each other, watched x-rated videos, used toys, whipped cream, chocolate syrup and even shared sex with others, you get the idea. We could spend hours, many times the whole day or a weekend, playing and making love to each other. Together we thoroughly enjoyed the "high" we got from our long, sometimes spiritual lovemaking sessions. 

One day we decided to act on a fantasy that we had discussed many times. Robert was a mutual friend who we thought may be interested in joining us, so we invited him up for the weekend. We understood that he was bisexual and decided that he should be a good match for us. I thought maybe I was ready to give Michelle the experience of a two-man threesome. We both had indulged in two woman threesomes before and I felt comfortable enough with myself and our relationship to share in that particular fantasy for Michelle. For the next week I thought of nothing but the upcoming weekend, with more than a little excitement and apprehension. After all it isn't everyday you share your girlfriend with another man. Finally the day arrived.

The smoky smell of cedar filed the house as the fireplace crackled and popped, warming the room to a comfortable temperature. We laughed, chatted, drank wine and shared some pot while relaxing. To further break the ice I put on an X-rated video and we watched, laughed and commented on the action before us. As we sat there, I began to fondle Michelle's breasts making her nipples hard and erect. She loved that. She was, at times, able to orgasm just from extended nipple stimulation. We decided to play a little strip poker to "innocently" get our clothes off. It didn't take long and the three of us were mostly naked. Not surprisingly, idea of massage came up and we all agreed that it would be fun. If that wasn't an ice breaker, I don't know what is!

Michelle brought us some massage oil and asked Robert if he would help her massage me. He was more than willing to oblige. I lay on my stomach as they began massaging my body. Michelle worked on my neck and back as Robert started at my feet. Her pussy was inches from my face. I could feel the heat from her and was exalted by her pleasing fragrance. It was very provocative having two people busy touching your naked body. I was in heaven it felt so good. 

Eventually, Robert reached my butt and began kneading and stroking it, allowing his fingers to slip between my ass cheeks and along my inner thighs, just teasing me, sparking those familiar feelings in my crotch. After a few minutes they rolled me over and continued their efforts on my front. I was totally exposed and Robert said he liked looking at me, my cock was now tumescent from the relaxation and their attention. I reached up and pulled Michelle to my mouth and let my tongue search her slit. Almost at once I felt Robert's hands on my cock and balls massaging them with smooth firm strokes. At first, I flinched from the male contact. Even so, moments later I was rock hard and further surprised by the sensation when his mouth envelop me. It was a warm and not unfamiliar feeling, no different from what I often experience with women. In response, I plunged my tongue deep within Michelle's hot sex, licking and teasing her as she rubbed herself against my mouth. It felt good having my cock sucked as I nibbled and teased her. "This is just like going 69", I thought to myself, although knowing a man was giving me this pleasure was a confusing mental turn on. "Should I be enjoying this so much, I wasn't sure?" Those societal pressures and teachings were trying their best to inhibit me. 

He really got into it, sucking me into his mouth, pulling on my prick with his lips, applying just the right amount of pressure and suction. He took me deep in his throat without the slightest hesitation. I was surprised by this because I am not a small man. I lay there with my eyes closed moving my hips to meet his advancing mouth. It seemed the natural thing to do. 

Michelle quietly moved away and watched as Robert continued to devour me. She sat smiling, playing with herself, one leg draped over the arm of our overstuffed chair. 

I looked down to see my stiff cock disappear repeatedly in his bearded face until at times my entire length down his throat. I must admit that few women could have done a better job. Intimate knowledge of a man's equipment and knowing what feels good is certainly most helpful.

Suddenly, I was overcome with the need to have Michelle closer, to legitimize what was happening. A feeling overtook me that I was enjoying this 'a little too much' and for a minute I was afraid of my own sexuality. I reached my hand out to her, eyes asking. Understanding, she came over and began sharing my cock with Robert, the two of them taking turns sucking on it. Playfully, they would shake my prick at each other or rub it against the others lips. I felt better having Michelle there. It reinforced my need to remain attached to my hetero side and not feel that I was somehow being totally seduced into homosexuality. 

There combined activity was quickly taking me to orgasm. To slow my rapid ascent, I suggested that we give Michelle attention. I laid her down and positioned myself between her legs to savor her wetness. And boy was she wet! Robert sucked and fondled her breasts as I concentrated on her pussy. It felt natural that I was between her legs doing what I normally do in a sexual situation. I was totally into the uninhibited sex we were all having. I found myself reaching out to take Robert's tumescent cock in my hand, pulling and massaging it until it became long and hard. (I think this is where the temporary insanity began to take hold). I told him to "fuck Michelle as I watched" so I changed places with him. When he was in position, I guided his prick to her wet and eager sex and rubbed the head of it against her until he was glistening with her juices and then encouraged him to push forward into her. I was so fucking hot! My breath was coming in short gasps and my face felt flush and hot. Michelle lay back with her hips elevated, enjoying Robert's cock in her. Robert fucked her for a short while but I think he was more interested in me. Even though he had had relationships with women in the past, he had now given in to a more decidedly gay lifestyle. He pulled out of her and we decided to take a break to smoke a joint and cool down. If that was possible.

I was still hot and wanted to continue our play so I started up again with Michelle. Did I mention, she loved to have her tits sucked? Kneeling before her as she sat on the couch, I buried my face in her breasts sucking each nipple in turn as Robert looked on. He watched us for a time before reaching between my legs, pulling my cock back, laying on his back and taking it in his mouth once more. It grew hard instantly. Soon we were all spread out on the floor once again, this time in a triangle. Each of us was manipulating the other. By now I was fevered to the point that I was ready for anything (that 'heat of the moment' thing), so I started touching Robert again. This time I ventured to pull his cock to my mouth. It felt soft and so very smooth against my lips and tongue. I took him into my mouth and pulled on it with my hand and lips but he remained spongy soft, only half erect. "What am I doing wrong?" I thought. I was doing essentially the same thing he had been doing to me. He didn't seem to care about an orgasm. He was happy enough as it was. Even so, it was insanely exciting to actually be doing this and it stimulated something deep inside me. A feeling of complete surrender to what I was doing. No shame just animal lust, a letting go.

On the other hand, I was as hard as steel and Michelle didn't let it go unused. She climbed onto me and lowered herself over my swollen member, slowly taking all of me in. She threw her head back and began to rhythmically ride me, grinding her pubic bone against mine. Having her fuck me while I sucked Robert's dick was outrageously stimulating. I found myself matching her stroke for stroke with his cock, wanting him to be as excited and hard as I was. Michelle, was simply ready to explode into her own orgasm. With one final gasp she stiffened, moaning loudly and buried me deep within her. I could feel her contractions around my cock as she experienced those lovely waves of orgasm. 

We continued to alternately, rest and play our sex games throughout the evening. Robert was still going after my cock whenever the opportunity was there for him. I don't think he ever climaxed at least not with an ejaculation. I thought it strange given the fact that I and Michelle had multiple orgasms during that time. To this day I don't know why he didn't but he assured us that he enjoyed himself with our group play and was looking forward to it again. After hours of our stop and go sex and coming several times each, Michelle and I retired to the bedroom and quickly fell into a satisfying sleep.

Performing oral sex on another man was a real turn on for me. I guess because I know what it feels like to be on the receiving end or maybe it was my own latent homosexual/bi side. Regardless of the reason, I wanted to experience just what I did and I'm glad I did, under the circumstances that I did. Michelle had been delighted watching, as Robert and I engaged each other, especially when I was going down on him. I don't think she really expected me to go through with it. Part of doing it was for her pleasure because I know from our pillow talk and shared fantasies that it made her hot to watch me with another man. Although I took great pleasure from our encounter, it taught me that I really did prefer women as sex partners and I found that I was no longer confused about my own sexuality. I would repeat the experience if conditions were right and that little "insane" person in me came out again, but I wouldn't seek out other men unless it was for a threesome or 'moresome'. 

We did get together again while vacationing in Mexico, but that's another story.