 It was a Friday evening, and we'd gone over to Dave and Julie's for a meal. We'd known them for years, back to when Dave worked in the same office as Jane, my wife. Although both had left the company ages ago, Jane and David kept in touch through various work-related contacts, and we met up a few times a year to catch up with things.

Dave had divorced a couple of years ago, and had met his new partner Julie through his Tai-chi classes, which had always been a bit of an amusement to Jane and me. It's not that he wasn't serious about it - probably that he was so serious about it. Obviously each of us chooses our own life-styles, but somehow Dave didn't seem to fit to Tai-Chi, let alone his moving through the training ranks to become a trainer himself. 

He was a solidly built kind of guy, in his mid 40s, dressing kind of traditionally with a sensible haircut. Julie also didn't fit a 'hippy' image at all, with dyed blonde hair cut short into a boyish style, and a habbit of wearing woolly jumpers and cardigans of all sorts. Which is where my desires and fantasies started to kick in. Julie was a couple of inches taller than Jane, but as Jane was a tiny 5'4" it wasn't saying much. She - Julie, that is - had blue eyes and a ready smile, and always seemed to want to help. Which added to my fantasies. And her breasts were nicely rounded and full, looking maybe a cup size more than Jane's.

Me and Jane actually got on really well, and had a great time sexually too. It was just that Julie somehow got into my fantasy role slot, with her tight sweaters, smiling face and desire to please.

This particular evening we'd all commented on the coincidence of the way we were all wearing sweaters. Dave had a plain black thin cashmere round-neck, with black chinos, Julie a simple pink v-neck cardigan, which looked so fabulous with the wool pulled so tightly over her breasts, and a dark red skirt. Jane was wearing a favourite beige roll-neck sweater and brown pants, and I'd just pulled on a chunky dark blue sweater with my dark blue jeans.

We'd had a great evening eating a really good Mexican meal that Julie had made, washing it down with a couple of bottles of wine, and had moved from the table to the living area, where we sat and chatted, still drinking more wine, of course.

"That was such a great meal, Julie, thanks!" I said, smiling over to her. 

"Oh, that's kind of you to say, but I'm glad you liked it - as you know I always like to please!" she replied, smiling that beaming smile, and somehow showing off her breasts (well that's what I noticed, anyway).

"Actually," said Dave, "you saying about liking to please reminds me of our little plan, Julie." and he looked over towards his partner, raising a questioning eyebrow. "Shall we..?"

She just looked back at him and smiled.

I was puzzled. "'Shall we', 'plan', what's all this about?" I asked, inquisitively.

"Well," said Dave, clearing his throat, "It's just that we thought we'd offer you a special Ra-dti Massage, if you'd both like to?"

"Ratty massage?" asked Jane, looking at them both in turn. "So what's that? Is it some kind of Tai-chi thing with candles or are rats involved too?" and she giggled.

"No!" smiled Dave, getting more relaxed now he'd made the offer. "It's actually spelled Ra-dti, and it means pleasure, and it's something we've developed in our Tai-Chi group as a way of learning to give pleasure. It's based on Thai traditions, melded with other Oriental cultures. But it is all about a couple giving massage pleasures to another couple."

I looked at Jane, and she smiled back at me. "So you want to give us both pleasure?" she asked, "How does that work?" .

"Well," Dave started, getting a little embarrassed at what he was about to say. "Basically the two of you just lie back on the bed, and we both massage you both."

"So we're together on the same bed?" asked Jane, sounding interested.

"No, the first time you have a Ra-dti, the tradition is that you have to be in separate rooms." Dave responded.

"So who massages who?" I asked, thinking my dreams could be coming true so quickly.

"Well that's why Ra-dti is so good!" beamed Julie, "because the rules say that we both have to massage both of you, and so we have to take it in turns for different parts of the body. It's very easy, but it's also something you only ever offer to close friends, as it is so intimate. And the receivers - that's you - just have to receive everything, while the donors - that's Dave and me - just give pleasure to you."

"Phew!" said Jane, finishing off another glass of wine. "It sounds like fun - but when you said intimate, how do you mean, Julie?"

"Let's just say we want to please you both fully!" giggled Julie.

"With a proper Thai-style massage that lets you relax perfectly." cut in Dave, obviously not wanting to suggest it was some wild orgy.

"Well we've had such a nice night that a massage sounds a great way of finishing it off," I said, .looking at Jane to pick up her body language, "but what do you think baby? Do you feel like being pampered by these two?"

"It's funny, in't it?" she replied, looking at me and smiling. "You have a foot massage from a stranger in Thailand and its fine, but somehow with someone you know, it's kind of strange."

"Well that's just what we thought when we received our first Ra-dti from Steve and Sharon, didn't we dear?" said Julie, smiling over to Dave. "But it was all so lovely and relaxing..."

"Yes," smiled Dave, "I think it is just a question of allowing yourself to receive pleasure, with no guilt or questions, and somehow knowing the people giving the massage to you can relax you even more..."

"Yes, I can see that too," smiled Jane looking at me, "We'd be delighted to receive your Ra-dti massage, wouldn't we Andy?"

"But of course!" I replied, "It would be rude to refuse such a kind offer!" and my cock pushed harder against the restraint of my briefs. 

"OK!" That's great!" smiled Dave, relieved, "Can you just go and light the candles, Julie, and we'll be up in a tick."

"Right," smiled Julie, standing up, and pulling her cardigan down, which emphasised her breasts even more, "I'll see you all for your first Ra-dti in a minute!" and she went out of the room.

"I have to say," said Dave, "That the first Ra-dti is certainly the most amazing massage you'll ever have. I also like the discipline of the donors having to give pleasure, and the receivers having to receive. It makes the whole experience so fulfilling. For us it was Steve and Sharon - you might have met them at our party last Christmas - and now we are just so much more relaxed when we're with them. It's like there are no barriers any more. But you'll see - come on, let's go upstairs."

At the top landing the single candle gave a lovely warm glow, lighting up four doors: the bathroom to the front I knew, but the others I assumed were bedrooms. Julie came out of the one to our left. She must have slipped her skirt off quickly, as she was wearing just her cardigan and tight stretch pink panties. My cock gave a sudden twitch of pleasure - she looked so fantastic, the soft candlelight emphasising the gorgeous curves of her body even more, and those tight panties just clung to her body as the slipped between her legs. God this would be good!

She must have seen me looking her up and down, as she said: "We have to slip into more comfy clothes to give you your Ra-dti massage, but don't get too alarmed as we'll give you a little blindfold so you can't see us. After all it is massage, and we need you to concentrate on the pleasures our fingers give you."

"Right," said Dave, asserting a littel control, "Well I guess you should go into Julie's room, Jane, and Andy into the one next door. We'll stay out here while you undress, and there's a towel on each bed to drape over you so your retain your modesty."

"You mean we undress completely?" asked Jane, her eyebrows raised.

"Yes, it will help you relax to have no clothes on at all." smiled Julie, opening the door wider. "We'll keep a sweater and undies on, as it gives us freedom to move but we don't get too cold. And there's a little bell in each room, and which ever one if us finishes that part of the massage first, we ring the bell as a signal before we change rooms. That way we both get to massage you both - and of course we might not change with every bell, so you won't really know who it is anyway!" 

"So any more questions?" asked Dave, "If not, you're in there Jane, and Andy, in here!" and he beckoned the way, opening the door for me.

Jane looked round at me then put her arm my neck and gave me a big kiss. "Bye!" she said, "I'll see you soon!" and she went into the room Julie had just left. 

I went into the other room, which was dark but for the two candles either side of the bed. And there was a white towel folded in the middle of the beige duvet. 

Somehow it was so very strange to be stripping off in our friends' bedroom, knowing that one of them was coming into to massage me - and one of them would do the same to Jane. But I quickly undressed, putting my clothes on a chair, and lay back on the bed pulling the towel over my semi-hard cock, then rucking the towel up so that the ridge of my cock didn't show through quite so much.

Suddenly there was the sound of music coming from outside the door - kind of 'whole earth' music of pipes and wind noises, not too loud - so I just lay back and felt myself relaxing into the soft duvet, waiting for Julie's attention.

The door opened and I saw Dave come in, with just his sweater and underpants on - they also looked a black color - and I felt my cock shrink. Still, Julie would be next!

Dave spoke calmly and soothingly, in what I figured was his 'Tai-chi' voice. "I'm going to start with a Thai foot massage to start your relaxation process, so just relax, and receive the pleasure..." 

And I did.

He was well skilled at foot massage, rubbing oil into my feet, squeezing and pulling my toes, and slipping his fingers between them. He was sitting on the edge of the bed, with my right foot on his thigh, working away in deep concentration. I felt my breathing relax, and the calmness of the room meant I could feel my whole body beginning to slow down. The feelings of his fingers on my toes now moved to my foot itself, and he used his little wooden massage tool to relax the soles of my feet, slipping between my toes then across the top of my foot. He moved up to my ankle, and began moving my whole foot around, pushing and pressing as he relaxed all the muscles.

I began thinking how I'd feel if this was Julie massaging me, and felt my cock twitch in pleasure, then suddenly shrink as I realised it was Dave. I hoped he didn't spot that! And I realised I had no mask, so what had Julie been talking about earlier?

Still no matter, it was wonderfully relaxing, if slightly and strangely arousing too. 

After a while he moved on to my other foot, again pleasuring it and again giving me tingles of delight that I would have wished had come from Julie. It was strange having a man give you physical pleasure - even thinking about it was odd. And I hoped his deep concentration on my feet meant he didn't see those little twitches under the towel.

I was nearly dropping off to sleep when the sound of a little bell tinkled through from the other room. Julie must have finished with Jane - now it was my turn for her!

Calmly Dave finished my other foot, then laid it on the bed, before standing up and looking over at me. "I hope that was a nice introduction for you - you've got very responsive muscles, haven't you? And big feet too!"

"Yes," I grinned, "and that was really relaxing, thanks!"

Somehow I couldn't help noticing his black underpants below his sweater, and the light - now my eyes had got used to it - seemed to highlight that swelling at the front, especially when he kind of touched himself unconsciously. Was he aroused by massaging me? But then he was gone, and Julie appeared.

"Hello," she smiled, "It's my turn now - and I've got your hands and arms to do, while Dave pleasures Jane!"

It was the way that she said it, as much as what she said, that made my cock twitch - plus the fact her gorgeous cardigan-sweatered breasts were moving towards me, bouncing in that bra-less way. As she got closer to the side of the bed, and the candle flame, I could see just how tight her panties were too. The plain pink cotton clung to her legs then swept smoothly between them, with a hint of a fold in the middle. God it was heaven just to watch her!

"I'll just sit here," she said, perching on the side of the bed, with one leg right on, folded at the knee, the other still on the floor. "And you can put your right hand, palm upwards, on my thigh."

It felt so good to touch her, even with the back of my hand. I realised if my hand was the other way round it would be only a few inches from feeling her clitty, and my cock throbbed harder still. I don't think she spotted it, as she got down to work.

It felt so much more gorgeous to have her attending to me than Dave, and I kept my eyes glued to the smooth curves of her body as her fingers pleasured mine, slipping between them and pulling and stroking them as she massaged and aroused me. My cock was fully erect now and I was smiling at the wonderful feelings when she spoke.

"I hope you like this, Andy!" she whispered, "Because now I've got to suck your fingers. Hold your arm up for me!" And as she spoke so she lifted my hand towards her mouth.

I gasped with pleasure as she took my index finger and slipped it in her mouth, sealing her lips around it and slowly pulling it in and out, licking it all the while.

"God Julie!" I gasped, "This certainly is pleasure!"

She looked at me, then saying nothing began the sucking on my next finger. I was getting more and more aroused as her fingers continued their pleasuring. Then I suddenly wondered if Dave was doing the same to Jane, and what she'd be doing in response.

After she'd given my thumb a good sucking, she lowered my arm down, letting it rest, fingers down, on the soft skin of her thigh. I squeezed gently, and stroked my hand slightly up and down.

"Oh no!" she said, looking at me sternly. "It's not for you to give pleasure, you have to receive it - so let's try your other hand."

And she stood up, walking round the end of the bed, breasts wobbling perfectly, to come and sit at the other side. This time she had to get right on the bed, and knelt down by my side, facing me.

"Would you like me to go straight to sucking you this time?" she asked, so innocently.

"Oh yes please!" I replied, raising up my hand towards her mouth. She gently grasped my wrist then pulled my index finger forwards and began to suck on it. It was just as arousing as before, but now my cock was hard as a board as she slipped my finger in and out of her mouth, her eyes arousing me as her tongue caressed me. Again she repeated it for all four fingers, ending on my thumb, which she began to lick and suck as if it were a hard cock in front of her. 

While she'd been doing one of my fingers, and her eyes had been closed, I managed to have a quick squeeze of my cock to make sure I was fully erect. And the whole finger sucking was just so gorgeous I didn't want it to finish.

She came to finish off my thumb with a kiss, then lowered my hand, but this time pulled it to her right breast. I couldn't believe it. Here was Julie encouraging me - no forcing me - to feel her breast! And it felt so good! The soft wool was itself smooth and warm, but her breast inside was full and soft as my hand and fingers explored her.

She put both hands behind her head, and as my fingers found her nipple, hardening, so she let out a little sigh.

"I'm only letting you do this till the bell goes, you know!" she smiled, half panting as I squeezed and rolled her nipple under the wool. Realising she was offering herself to me, I raised my other hand to her left breast and was just starting to stroke her, when the tinkling of the bell came from next door. 

"That's all for now!" she smiled. "Now I've got to give more pleasuring to Jane, so I hope you enjoy Dave's fingers as much as mine!"

And she stood up, pulling her cardigan down straight, before walking (and wobbling wonderfully) towards the door.

As soon as she was gone I eased my cock fully erect, and tried to make the towel hide my solid erection. Then suddenly Dave was in the room.

He smiled as he walked towards me. "So how is the Ra-dti so far?" he asked.

"Very good!" I replied, hoping my breathing had gone down to normal levels.

"Excellent - I knew you'd like it. Jane's very relaxed too, so that's great. The next part for me is your legs, starting off where I left off. So can you please hold your legs wide apart, as I need to kneel between them."

I hadn't thought about this, but did as he said, knowing my towel might reveal all of my body to him, but realising it was in the shadows anyway. Than as he knelt between my legs, I shut my eyes trying to think it was Julie.

He lifted up my right leg, resting my ankle on his left shoulder, then began a gentle massage of my relaxed calf muscle, which felt soothing and relaxing all the way to the knee. But then he linked his hands around my knee, and began slowly moving down over my thigh towards my hips. It felt more and more intimate as he moved closer and closer to my body. 

He must have sensed my caution. "Just relax!" he said, "Remember this is just for your pleasure... so whatever you like most is what we are here to give you. And whether the skin is on your foot or your breast or your penis, it is still your skin for us to pleasure." 

And then he continued to rub his hands up and down my thigh, each time getting closer to my groin. I kept playing over the words he'd just said - my foot, my breast, my penis! So were they both going to touch all of me? I was still hard from Julie's sucking of my fingers, and now Dave was kneeling between my legs, stroking my thigh.

"Maybe now's a good time for that mask that Julie mentioned," said Dave, and he just picked up the towel from round my waist, and laid it over my head.

God! Now I couldn't see anything, but he could see all of me! I couldn't believe it! I was just letting him stroke my thigh, and now he could see my rampant cock too.

"Just relax!" he said again. "And that's a great looking penis you've got there, circumcised too! Here, let me.."

And I gasped as I felt his fingers grasp my cock firmly at the base, and lift it fully vertical.

"There, that's better!" I heard him say, as he gave me two gentle shafts up and down, my mind still whirling with pleasure and confusion.

Suddenly I heard a shriek from next door, and realised Julie must have touched Jane's clitty. God they were both doing us both!

"I'll just take this leg off my shoulder, then push your knees wide apart for me." Dave was calm but in charge, and I did as he said, feeling him let go of my cock, now on fire sticking up from my belly, and twitching as he must be watching.

Now he was stroking both my inner thighs, from knee towards my buttock, and obviously seeing my cock as it rose in response to the pleasure. His fingers followed the line of my briefs - if only I had any on - skirting my balls and making circles on my belly, then coming back to my hips and up to my knees again. 

This time as they came down they went further down, cupping my bottom cheeks, then holding them apart while he exposed my anus. My cock was throbbing now, whether it was Dave or Julie, I needed finishing off.

He sensed my desire, and slipped a finger between my legs, over my anus, and began circling around. The pleasure was just so intense - but so was the embarrassment too. How could Dave be doing this to me? He can't have missed seeing my cock thrusting up with pleasure as my hips lifted off the bed. Then his other hand calmly stroked over my balls, cupping them and squeezing gently as he continued his fingering. He knew just how to build up my cock and kept on teasing with both hands until my writhing was getting to fever pitch.
