 The summer's evening was warm enough for everyone's appreciation. Though summer it was not unknown for it to rain and be generally miserable but tonight it promised to be one of those magical evenings that would be perfect. The week had been full of preparations for the Earl of L---------'s Masque and Ball. Those happy few with invitations remembered other amusements and acts, planned for a magnificent night of entertainment and indulgence, those who had never been before had wondered what the night would bring and listened with awe at the descriptions of other Masques.

To be invited meant that you were considered to be an appreciator of hedonism at a most sophisticated level and that you were one of the magnificent few who were the cream of that rarefied level of society that was composed of the bluest bloods and richest and most powerful of people. It was for these that the Edwardian age was the apogee of existence.

Marquees and temporary shelters dotted the grounds as the servants set out well-appointed tables and chairs. The gardeners had provided flowering beds and under the eye of their overseer had refurbished the boats and barges of the ornamental lake as well as the stands and props for the amusements there. The butler had organised the entertainers that had travelled from London into their dormitories and had ensured that their costumes were of the highest quality. In the kitchen there were three French cooks busily preparing delights to tempt the most sated palate. New fancies were created that had not been tried before by any other person. Sculptures of ice and spun sugar were created and dispatched to their stands waiting for the greedy eye and hand to devour.

In the afternoon the guests began to arrive in their automobiles. The engines roaring and coughing as they discharged their masters and their mistresses, sometimes mistress could be taken literally. They were greeted by discrete valets who ushered them to their rooms where instructions and costume lay waiting for their perusal and wearing. Many a laugh was had as they were told of the theme and the house became a babble of excitement and curiosity as they waited for the evening bell and what it would bring forth.

Then as the shadows lengthened and the bell of the clock s struck five servants with bells hurried through the halls summoning the guests to repast and entertainments. Behind the scurrying servants came stalking faerie folk . The guests in diaphanous gowns, brief tunics and delicate silken wings left their rooms and sought the huge marquee that was filled to overflowing with food and drink. To there came men and women walked with sublime grace to their faerie lit grotto.

For the theme of tonight was the Faerie Realm and their lords. Servants dressed in shifts and clothes of transparent weave offered assistance and ushered their charges to their appointed place. There were thirty of these charges and they waited for what was to come. A dull metallic roar filled the space as trumpets joined the ruckus to introduce the Earl and his lady as Oberon and Titania, King and Queen of the Faerie Folk.

His head topped with a crown of cunningly constructed gold and silver leaves and flowers he looked out at his subjects. His chest bare and hairless he was clothed in cloth of gold trousers that hugged his muscular thighs but left his large cock free to dangle in the air unencumbered by false modesty and there to be admired by his subjects, he looked every inch a barbarian faerie king. Hand in hers he led his Titania, her dress was of silver and was cut away from her large firm breasts that were covered in a loose necklace of pearls and diamonds that showed off her milky white flesh and coral pink nipples to magnificent effect. Between her naked breasts a single strand of silver was clipped to the hard and long nipples. Her crown though less ornate was a thing of beauty made of silver.

Seated on their thrones and the gloom overthrown by the golden light of the torches that lit this place the King and Queen wished their guests a joyous time and that they indulge themselves with unhindered passion and desire as they toasted to this night. The toast was taken up with clarity and enthusiasm by their subjects and food flowed through the marquee carried by new servants dressed as satyrs and nymphs.

All agreed later that this was a magical night, a night for joy, indulgence and all that can be considered Hedonism. The satyrs brought wine, rich, dark and fulfilling that any can drink and take their joy of and joy there was that night. The satyrs were even more naked that there lord only wearing naked leggings allowing both cock and ass free air. As they pass the drinks faerie hands touch and fondle the offered flesh, even a mouth will kiss and caress and the satyrs will accept either a man's or woman's hand and mouth. 

Also there were nymphs, young bare breasted girls who moved between the tables, their thighs flashing and their saucy gazes lingering which brought many a hand to tweak playfully at their breasts and fingers to comb the delightful glade beneath their transparent chiffon feeling the wetness there. Ah what delights to come when the nymphs and the satyrs are taken and enjoyed. Yet even with this temptation most wait for what else the night will bring, for the sacrifice to summer that is whispered of. 

With another flourish of the trumpets more food descended upon those dressed as faerie folk to the oohs and ahhs of the delighted company.First came the scantily dressed satyrs and nymphs who offered cunningly wrought hors d'oeuvre made of shrimp, ham and other fresh cool meats and fruits. Oysters could be had by the bushel load, pomegranates were offered and eaten as a man eats a cunt, sucking with his lips and using his tongue to reach the most intimate of places. 

Yet this was only the start of the orgy of food that was to be offered. It seemed that only a couple of minutes before well-muscled men clad only in chamois loin-cloths carried in whole carcasses of beef and lamb their cooked meat covered in their preserved skins. Also came roasted swan, wild boar and other things that few had seen before. The tables before them groaned beneath the weight of the offerings as the guests descended on them in ravenous hunger. As they ate juices ran over their chins soaking their soft silks they wore with warm fats and sauces. 

As they ate entertainers moved between the tables juggling and singing, yet all the entertainment was of a sexual nature. The singers were naked save for a small loin cloth, dancers in transparent rags would dance in the most extravagant and sexual manner offering themselves to the diners who looked at these creatures with cynical yet interested eyes. The jugglers tossed and played with artificial cocks and cunts, wrought with silk and leather, sometimes a hand would seize one of the flying objects and it would find a willing cunt to be thrust into or a cock to thrust through it until wet with cum and sexual juice it would be returned to the juggler.

Smoothly the meats and boiled vegetables disappeared to be replaced by tart sorbets and cloyingly sweet desserts and trifles that were barely touched. All were feeling a deep fulfilment with their food and now they looked to other delights to enjoy. The trumpets called the gathering to notice and the king and queen rose in their lavish dress and led their company to the amusements that waited beside the ornamental lake. Satyrs and nymphs led their willing charges to the couches atop Persian carpets where they lay watching the stage near their place of rest. 

Some were naked for they had removed their food stained costumes and many were idly playing with their sex or with the sex of someone near them. Pleasure filled the air and the perfume of excited bodies wafted teasingly about them. Music rose from the lake as naked musicians played from a barge on the water. Lights flared and highlighted the naked woman that rose from the dark still waters. 

Magnificent breasts jutted from her chest as she rose, the water cascaded off them its droplets sparkling in the light as it dropped to the water below, her nipples large and protuberant. Every man and woman wanted to wrap their lips about those nipples. to taste their sweetness on their tongues. Each step exposed her even more and soon they saw the dark shadows of her black pubic hair, her legs had a pleasing plumpness without being fat. Many muttered about Aphrodite rising from the waters but then decided no for this woman was dark-haired above and below. A sound startled the meandering thoughts of the crowd as the reeds next to this beauteous damsel shook.

Slowly the reeds parted to exposed a feathered limb and then another until a well-muscled man stood naked but for feathers attached to fake wings stood in front of the watchers. The woman watched him and slowly danced towards him. To the music in the air the two of them danced around each other barely touching but showing greater arousal towards the other. The man's cock grew until it seemed to be unnaturally large and wide. Then with his hand about her slender waist he lowered her to the soft grass and opened her legs so that her cunt lips were exposed and ready for him. No one saw but all could imagine what a beautiful wet cunt she would have, a cunt begging to be fucked and taken.

Yet before her cunt was to be taken he would take her mouth with his rampant cock and his cock rested on her lips. Her mouth opened a little and her tongue touched his cock, it touched and felt the slit at the tip and it explored the arrow of his glans. Her mouth opened and he pushed his cock into the open orifice and as he pushed himself into her mouth all saw her hands rubbing vigorously between her legs. How the jaded company imagined her folded and wet cunt-lips, thought of her erect clitoris and how it must be so tight with that delightful pressure that would throb through her body and how her body must pulse with unmet need. It was all too much for some and they brought the satyrs and nymphs to them their hands at their sexes and not watching anymore they bade the magical creatures suck them off and bring them to satisfaction.

Those who were not naked pulled aside the thin cloth covering their sexes and bade the servants feast themselves. Willing lips took cocks into their mouths copying the thrusting action of the swan man below. Between the women's legs eager tongues slipped and explored the hot, glistening lips and delved deeply into the depths that were covered by them. Cries and groans shot through the air mixing with the soft, slowness of the music that surrounded the lake. To quieten the sound cocks were thrust into the mouths of those in pleasure and be it man or woman how they enjoyed the feel of something pressed between their lips.

Below them the man almost ready moved with a dancers grace and speed gathering his Leda's legs into his hands and pulling her delightfully plump haunches just a little into the air before plunging his magnificent cock deep into her cunt. She cried with that delicious mix of pleasure and lust as she felt his cock push and strike her cervix, again and again his cock shot forward touching her cunt intimately, his groin grinding against hers, touching and massaging her clit which exploded with the orgasms that her body created. Then he cried with delight as his cum shot through his cock and drawing out the rod he squirted the hot cum over her breasts and waiting belly, an ocean of cum flooded into her navel and then over her body.

A few watched this masterful display of fucking but more enjoyed the feel of bodies pressed to their own. Of fondling bodies and of being fondled they took their wicked delight, they tasted cocks and sometimes cunts on their lips. Mouths drew their cum from their bodies as the poison of a snake is drawn from a wound. Hot white cream was shot into mouths and throats that swallowed the load without complaint and with satisfaction of a job well done. 

A sharp trumpet flourish clawed into the air filled with groans and cries of delight and with out a word and sound their lovers left them as the king and queen of their Masque stood. Smiling they called their guests to them and led them to stand around two couches decorated with sweet scented petals. Behind the couches was a tent made of purple velvet. 

With a nod of their heads two blonde nymphs their breasts exposed and their loins covered parted the doorway of the tent to expose a young man and young woman clothed in virginal white. The guests murmured their approval for this was to be a virgin sacrifice to follow the taking of Leda by Zeus in the form of a swan. As the nymphs brought forward the man and the satyrs brought forward the woman they were amazed at the beauty. They radiated such innocent joy and all knew that this would be a special thing for them.

The King and Queen came for them and took them by their hands. The Queen guiding the man, no he was a mere youth of eighteen his head covered in thick black hair, his eyes a piercing blue and a chin of surpassing strength below lips of sensual form. Slipping her hands to the knots at his shoulders she pulled just the once to free the cloth to fall to the ground exposing his nakedness to the delighted throng. They marvelled at his muscled chest and thighs. The admired his firm, taut buttocks of surpassing whiteness. They gasped for between his legs barely covered by a lavish growth of black curls was a large soft cock that promised a long, thick ramrod to pierce with pleasure the Queens cunt. 

Taking him by the hand she led him to the couch covered in cloth of gold and sat him before her. With a flick of her finger she called the nymphs to her and whispered in their ears. Pleased smiles appeared on their faces and they moved onto the interested man. One straddled his body and pressed him to lie on the couch as she pressed her nipple to his lips. His mouth opened and quickly he began to lick and suckle at the milky orb he was offered, as he did this the other woman was bent over his magnificent virgin cock and began her loving kisses on the soft flesh. 

As he felt their lips upon his body his cock grew and became a true rod of imposing size and majesty waiting to be thrust into a cunt of importance. Seated on her seat the Queen had hiked her dress about her hips her legs open and between her legs a man and woman were licking and massaging her inner thighs, her cunt-lips and cunt itself. Their clever tongues flicking her clit and giving her small orgasms that grew in strength as her body grew more aroused as she watched her lover being prepared for her use.

Seated on his chair the King watched the young blonde woman brought to him, her pale blue eyes shone with lust as she watched her brother being aroused and prepared . Her lips bent in cupid's lips as she felt the satyrs fingers undo the knots that held her dress to her body. Silently it slipped from her shoulders and gathered as a white pool at her feet. How the sight of her naked beauty aroused the jades who watched her, jades who caressed and were caressed by those about them. For some this was too much to bear and they had begun their pleasures. Some had pulled someone beneath them, cocks were being thrust into hot wet cunts. Some women rode cocks and felt hands on their breasts kneading the sensitive flesh of their nipples. 

Seated and watching as his guests enjoyed the pleasures of satyr and nymph the King smiled as he watched them lick, kiss and fuck everything that moved, their groans and sighs an orchestra of pleasure in the air. Smiling he turned his eyes to his Queen who rose and shrugged off her dress standing naked before him save for her jewels that sparkled in the torchlight about her breasts. Stepping lightly she stepped beside the couch and the prepared youth who waited for her. Taking his cock in her slender fist she pumped it up and down and straddled his body. 

His sister watched as the woman straddled his groin and settled slowly on top of his cock. His cock that parted her lips and filled her cunt with hard powerful flesh. The young girl ached for touch on her firm full breasts, her nipples were hard and she sighed in ecstasy as lips touched the pink mountains and her legs were opened as they lay her on the soft couch. Ripe young haunches were pulled up and open so that a nymph could settle between the young virgin's thighs and gently touch her cunt with her lips. How those who watched enjoyed the girl's orgasms as sapphic caresses made her ready for the King to show her the pleasure of his cock.

Knowing that she was ready he rose his cock hard and ready for her, prepared by the nymph who had been sucking and massaging his cock and balls. As he walked to her the nymph and satyr rose and took her legs in their hands. They held them up so that her cunt glistening and ready with their saliva and juice was open to the King. Naked he came to her, around him the guests took pleasures of their own. They had become a squirming, writhing mass of flesh, flesh that groaned and sighed with pleasures, cocks fucked open cunts and asses, tongues licked breast, cock and cunt. 

The satyr and nymph waited and the King moved between her legs and guided his cock to the glistening, gleaming flesh that poked through the sparse hair that covered her pubis. Slowly he eased his cock through her lips until it struck that thin membrane that was her maidenhood and stretched it. As she felt it tug a cock slid along the lips of her mouth and mouths attached themselves to her breasts giving her the sense of pleasure as her maidenhood was stretched and weakened.

Near her couch, her brother's cock thrust in and out of the pulsing cunt of the Queen and he felt his cock massaged as he feasted on her breasts. Then he felt the tightening of his balls and the sharp shock that created intense pleasure as his cum shot deep into her cunt. Grinding hard against his body she sucked his cum from him using her cunt muscles. Slowly they stopped and he slipped from her arms as his soft cock slipped from her body. Smiling gently she rose and signalled to satyrs and nymphs to come to her. men and women came to her, all too quickly she found herself on the soft grass and her legs parted as a cock was placed at the entrance of her cunt and thrust hard into her slippery cum filled cunt and began to fuck her with vigour.

Near them his sister felt her maidenhead burst and the cock thrust deep into her cunt and it began the slow rhythmic thrusting that overcame the discomfort of the ripping apart of her virginity and began the slow burning arousal that grew ever stronger in intensity until her body burnt with the pleasure that finally drove out her breath as she came with an intensity that she had never thought possible, as she came she felt his body stiffen and heat flow into her cunt as he came in her. Softly and slowly he withdrew from her and kissed her gently on the brow as she smiled at him.

Lifting her body he led her into the throng of bodies and to those who would welcome her into this august company. Hands pulled her down to join them and she felt her legs parted and a cock driven deeply into her hot cunt. The King again rampant now joined his guests on the couches and caressed and fondled their offered bodies whilst feeling lips take his cock into their mouth.

For the remainder of this magic night they sated themselves until exhausted they were led to the house and beds to sleep in. Some wondered what the entertainment of next year's summer would bring.