 Brad and Tiffany had met a few others at the masquerade party and were both having a good time. But when the mysterious brunette showed up again, they were both happy to see her. "Are you guys having a good time?" she asked them. 

They both assured her they were. "I'm Stephanie. It's my party. I'm glad you're having a good time." They introduced themselves and let her know it was the best party they'd ever been at. Neither were lying. "Follow me for a second. There's someone I want you to meet." She grabbed Tiffany's hand, and they both followed her. She opened a door to a large room that had a few people in it doing various things. Several of the things were things that Brad wanted to try out with Tiffany soon. 

It was much less crowded in here though and somehow seemed more intimate. "Mark. I made us some new friends and I want you to meet them." They sat around talking for a few minutes and everyone's drinks were refreshed by one of the barely clad waitresses that had been around all night. 

Stephanie got up and grabbed Tiffany's hand again, this time taking her to a massive bed that had sheer curtains around it. Brad had no clue what those things were called and he could careless, he was just glad to see that he was going to be able to watch the action still. "I know I stopped before you came and I'm sorry for that. I'm hoping you'll give me a chance to finish what I started." She said to Tiffany. 

"Of course." replied Tiffany.

Both women were on the bed and Brad saw the back of Stephanie's head once again between Tiffany's legs. She reached into a bedside table and pulled out a large dildo. While she was kept working Tiffany's clit, she slid the dildo inside her pussy at the same time. Brad watched as Tiffany's eyes rolled into the back of her head and ground her pussy into Stephanie's face while she was cumming. 

Brad hadn't quite been ready to perform again but after what he just watched, he was just about there. He assumed that Mark had the same problem since when he was done talking to a few people, he had watched the girls as well, but hadn't joined in the fun. Right now, Brad felt his cock start twitching -- getting itself ready to get back in the action. 

Stephanie sat up and informed Tiffany that it was her turn to return the favor. Tiffany simply smiled before Stephanie straddled her face. He was only able to watch for a moment before he was ready to join in on the action. He moved himself between Tiffany's legs. Since Stephanie was straddling her face backwards, Brad was able to see her tits bouncing up and down as she ground her wet juices into Tiffany's face. She wasn't sure how Tiffany was able to breathe but she seemed to be managing. When he went to move the dildo that had been used, he noticed the massive size of it. Instead of feeling intimidated like some men would, he realized that it would have stretched Tiffany more than usual. 

Grinning to himself he got between her legs; which wasn't difficult since she was still spread eagle. He inserted a few fingers into her and took it as encouragement as she pressed herself harder against his hand. He slid all five fingers into her, taking his time feeling her tightness. When she didn't seem to object and was still very much into Stephanie, Brad figured there was no time like the present. If it didn't happen now -- it was never going to. He made a fist and shoved it in her wet pussy. Not as hard as he saw done in the porn videos, but there was no easing it in her. He felt her body tighten as Stephanie leaned over to watch him and remove her wet pussy from Tiffany's face. For a second Brad wasn't sure if everyone else had left the room or he just didn't notice them any longer. Then he realized he didn't care, he was enjoying himself too much and if there were others in the room, he hoped they were enjoying the show.

Tiffany moaned out loud. Brad should have been worried about hurting her, but honestly he wasn't. e was selfish like that. Stephanie's long hair hung down and caught his attention for a minute. He looked up at her and kissed her while his fist was in Tiffany's pussy. When they stopped kissing, Stephanie continued watching him. He saw Mark walk up to him and stop to watch the fisting. Tiffany cried out a few times but never told him to stop. When she backed her body away, Stephanie and Brad would both stop her from moving. Soon, Mark decided to help them keep her still. 

He went to the same bedside table that the dildo had been in and got out what looked like scarves. Tiffany was so caught up in her pussy being assaulted that she didn't notice Mark pulling her hands to the bedposts at first. When the first arm was tied up though she noticed. "What are you doing?" she cried out. She looked scared. 

"Helping out my wife and new friend her of course. You seemed to be trying to get away and we can't have that happening now can we? You came here knowing what could happen. Now it's time we give you what you came for. How does that sound?"

"What? No." Tiffany cried out. Though Brad's pace in taking his fist in and out of her pussy had slowed, it hadn't completely stopped. It was obviously an effort for her to get out even those two words. Unable to resist him, Mark was able to grab her other wrist and tie it to the other bed post easily. 

Mark went to the end of the bed and watched Brad fisting her. He had seen it before, but watching a woman's pussy stretch that far was something he wouldn't get tired of watching. After a few minutes, Tiffany seemed to realize she wasn't getting loose. It really didn't seem like she wanted to anyway. Though her body was tense, there were moans of pleasure in there as well. 

"May I?" Brad looked up to Mark who was standing there. He was the only one who hadn't had any fun yet so Brad moved aside for him. He sat in a chair that leaned way back and pulled Stephanie on top of him. She had been sucking on Tiffany's tits, but now she was sitting in his lap with his dick buried inside her pussy again. She was riding him backwards and at this angle, he could feel himself deep inside her every time she would grind on him. 

As she rode him hard and fast he watched Tiffany and Mark too. "Do you want me to teach you a lesson?" 

He was asking her? "No" was all Tiffany was able to say. 

"That's too bad now isn't it? I do what I want and take what I want -- and tonight that's you." She seemed to be trying to get out of the restraints but when Brad looked closer, it didn't seem like she was giving it a sincere attempt. 

Mark entered Tiffany hard and rough. Since she had just been fisted, Mark was pretty confidant she wouldn't have to worry about being stretched --and she was definitely wet enough to accommodate him. Brad pushed Stephanie off his cock and spun her around before bending her over the chair they had just been sitting in. He positioned her so he could watch Mark and Tiffany at the same time. He matched Mark's rhythm and every time his dick pounded inside Tiffany he did the same thing to Stephanie. It was only fair. When he fucked her hard, he fucked Stephanie harder. 

But then Mark stopped and pulled out. "I want in that ass" he told Tiffany. 

"No!" she cried out. 

"There's nothing you can do to stop me is there?" he asked her. She whimpered and shook her head. Mark penetrated her tight asshole with his dick in one quick movement. She cried out and Mark stilled for a moment. When her whimpering was barely audible, he pulled out and pushed back in -- a little slower this time. Tiffany was tense but seemed to be okay. 

Brad pulled out of Stephanie's wet pussy and entered her ass just as harshly as Mark had done to Tiffany. Soon, whatever Mark did, Brad was matching him in action. The only difference was that Stephanie wasn't tied up and Brad had already been in her ass once tonight. 

After a few times of entering her ass slower to 

help her get adjusted, Mark picked up the tempo and was soon pounding Tiffany's ass. In and out, over and over, hard and fast. "Are you ready for me to stop" he asked her. 

"No!" She cried out to him. "Don't stop. Please. I'm so close. Pound that hard dick into my ass and make me cum." A minute later Tiffany was crying as she came. Mark and Brad filled the girl's asses with their cum at the same time, and Stephanie's cries from her own orgasm followed Tiffany's just seconds later. 

Everyone laid on the bed for a moment catching their breath. Everyone had satisfied looks on their faces and Brad was thinking how very, very glad he was they came to this party. He owed his buddy David for telling him about it. 

Stephanie sat up. "I think we're going to be very good friends." She stated as she smiled.