 "And where did you meet them?" I pondered, brushing my hair.

"At the strip club," she replied, strolling into the bathroom with me. "I bought at least ten lap dances from Mason as he only wore a black g-string."

"A: bullshit and B: do you always have to prance around naked?" I questioned, seeing us both in the mirror.

"What?" she asked, turning to me. "Don't you like my naked body?" she inquired, shaking around somewhat.

I turned to her too and scanned her body from top to bottom. "You have nice proportional tits, a flat stomach, skinny legs, a cute face, lovely blonde curly hair and to top it all off, a sexy landing strip. Yes, I like your nude figure, but I'm not a lesbian. I swear, I think you are trying to bring me to my knees to your mercy," I pointed out, shaking my head. "You are like a sexual ghost haunting me; you know that? No matter how much you show me your body, I'm not gonna suddenly just start liking girls, Chasity."

She closed the gap between us and brought her face within a couple of inches of mine. Her eyes glanced down at my breasts, and she licked her lips for a few seconds.

She pulled on my right bra strap. "Would you like to kiss me and change that?"

"Sure," I answered before I smooched her cheek. "Oh, I'm sorry, I'm still not gay," I informed her before peeking back at the mirror.

"Too bad, I'm sure I could rock your world in bed if you'd give me the opportunity. I've seen you completely nude too, and between the two of us, we could create some magic," she muttered, peeking down at my crotch. "You could also just strip out of that bra and pair of panties and show off your naked body, Mariah."

"I've kissed you on the lips at least five times in the past three months, but yet you keep trying. I applaud you for you preserving, but it isn't gonna happen. I'm sorry to close the door on you and lock it, but I have to. You just can't get everything you want out of life."

"Well, I got you as a friend," she reminded me before she turned around and leaned on the sink. "And I get to see your ravishing figure whenever I want."

"True."

'Neither of us is speaking, but even as I'm doing my hair, I'm still noticing that she is checking me out. I know she has a crush on me, but damn.'

"Seriously, where did you meet them?"

"Actually, through an ex. I ran into them at the store, and all three of them are friends. I met my guy, Mason, and he introduced me to Hunter. As soon as I saw Hunter, I thought of you. He is a brunette like you and seems kind. I know I just met Hunter, but Mason vouches for him, and that's good enough for me. If we're lucky, maybe we'll both be down on our knees in front of them sucking on their big cocks on the first date. Don't you love it when that happens."

"Chasity, first of all, that happened once. You can't say it like it takes place frequently, and secondly, I'm not looking to have sex on the first date."

"Mariah, don't pretend like you didn't like it. I saw him soak your face, and he did it like his rod was a fire hydrant. I didn't hear any complaining from you that night."

"It was bucket list item at best, and we were both horny," I giggled, bumping into her lightly. "One minute after it happened, I regretted it a bit. It is a good story for us to talk about, but that's it."

"It was also the first time you saw me underdressed outside of this bathroom. You can admit it; you liked that too," she whispered before she kissed my cheek.

"Maybe, but it also wasn't the last," I reminded her, turning to her and putting the brush down. "As I recall on our last double date..."

"I know, I fucked both of them. I'm sorry, Mariah, it was a bitch move on my part," she confessed, setting her palm on my shoulder. "You've already accepted my apology, so let's move on. You can't keep bringing it up."

"Then stop bringing up the double blowjob date, Chasity," I told her before a small pause. "By the way, you didn't even need to get naked; we just gave them head, that was it. The guys only splattered our faces. As ravishing as you are naked, are you going to slip into some clothes? I'm pretty sure it is against the law to go out in public nude."

"Fine, but prepared to be swept off your feet tonight. I know I'm bringing Mason back here, so are you ready to transport Hunter's sexy ass back here too? I'm sure you'll need some condoms, so do you have some?"

"Yes, I have condoms in my room, but again: I'm not looking to get laid tonight. If Mason shuts you down just because that Hunter doesn't get lucky, then maybe it isn't worth letting him see your dazzling body."

She grinned and stayed silent for a few seconds. "So, you do have a thing for me?"

"Shut up and get dressed," I laughed, pushing her slightly.

"Fine," she said, turning around. "Whinny lady."

I watched the back end of her naked figure walk towards her bedroom. "She is gorgeous, but I'm not just interested in the ladies. I just want one cock, that's it."

We both got dressed in somewhat casual attire, as we were just going to a bar. We drove in separate cars, just in case something happened with her and Mason. We walked into the somewhat small place together though.

As we got about ten feet in there, she grabbed my hand brought me to a little corner with my back to the wall. "You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life. Your brown hair, somewhat plump stomach and your private areas make you a total fox."

"Thank you."

"Your welcome. The point is: I've never meant for you to feel uncomfortable, but you make me feel comfortable just to be myself. You always have me feeling alright about showing off my body. I also don't think you judge me for my sexual appetite, including my appeal for you," Chasity whispered before her face stopped just a few inches in front of mine. "I just hope if I ever do push you a little too far, you'll tell me to stop. You are my best friend, and no man or another woman could replace you."

I smirked and didn't speak for a few seconds. "I let you get away with shit because you are you, Chasity. I don't know what it is about you, but there is something," I pointed out, bringing my hands to her butt. "If you can get away with fucking those two guys on our last double date, then obviously the line is still a ways off. I'll let you know if get close, fair enough?"

She brought her hands to my butt too. "May I have one more kiss before this double date, pretty please?" she pondered, blinking multiple times.

I delivered my lips to hers.

My lips parted from hers, and we smiled at each other. "It could be love, just not the love that gets me into bed, Chasity." 

"Well, that was a ten-second kiss and was the longest one to date. How are you so sure I can't bring you to your knees to my mercy?" Chasity pondered, smiling.

"Keep dreaming, best friend."

"I will," she mentioned, stepping away. "Just remember, my bed is always open for you. I'd love to get you in there. After that, you'll be pissed if I walk around with clothes on. I'll make you moan in ways you never thought possible."

"Again, keep dreaming, Chasity. Have you masturbated thinking about me?"

"How about we leave that unsaid for the time being?" she asked before we resumed walking.

"Okay, is that them?"

"Yes," she answered, as we strolled towards them.

'They are both cute, and Hunter has a clean shave too.'

"Hi, Mason and Hunter. This is my best friend, Mariah," Chasity introduced me, sitting down next to Mason.

I grinned and peeked at Hunter. "Nice to meet you, Hunter," I greeted him, putting my hand out.

"The pleasure is mine," he replied, shaking my hand. "We bought you two a couple of beers."

'Oh, he does have soft hands,' I thought, sitting down next to him. "You have an excellent set of teeth, Hunter, and thanks for the bottle."

"Thanks, I like to show my teeth off when I smile."

I glanced at Mason and Chasity, and they were already chatting a mile a minute.

"So," Hunter said, placing his right hand on my leg. "Tell me about you."

I took a drink. "I work at a coffee shop, so I can totally get you some free coffee if you'd fancy. I like to stay in and watch movies rather than going out partying," I listed, nodding. "What all did Chasity tell you?"

He took a drink too. "Not much, the main thing I got was that you were a little mysterious. I don't think Chasity meant to imply anything bad or set us up if she thought we wouldn't work."

"True, but she is an evil woman. I could tell you stories, but I won't."

"So you are not a bitch?"

I broke eye contact for a few seconds, and I shook my head again. "I wouldn't go that far, but I'm definitely less of a hussy than her. I'm a woman just prefers some stuff to other things. Like: I love True Blood, but I will not watch Six Feet Under. One is very sexy and mysterious, and the other is just depressing. If you want to call that a 'bitch' quality, you can, but that's just something about me."

"So, if I asked you to watch the depressing one, how would you react?"

"Depending on how the relationship was, I might slap you or just say 'Fuck that bullshit.'. I'm not entirely sure."

"Okay," he answered, arching his head back.

The both of us stayed silent and failed to make eye contact too as we both finished our beers.

I began leaning forward and back repeatedly. 'Obviously, we're not clicking. Of course, Chasity seems to be hitting it off with Mason. Oh, yes, smile at the chick that you just met and are probably looking to fuck tonight. What, were you thinking that Hunter would be getting his dick sucked too? I'm sure if you give Chasity a chance, she'll fuck you. She loves to fuck on the first date.'

"Is there anything you'd like to ask me?" Hunter pondered.

"True Blood or Six Feet Under?"

"If it makes you happy, the one with the vampires. I must say, you are quite attractive: a red silk shirt and a white skirt with a belt. It is a sexy combo on you, Mariah."

"Thank you, and your white shirt with your blue flannel and blue jeans seems to suit you."

'Well, he is sexy, but I think I might need to know what is under the hood before I get into the car. I still don't want to sleep with him on the first date.'

Suddenly, Chasity leaned towards my right ear. "What the hell, you two are barely talking. It seems like you hate each other," she whispered.

"What did you expect? I just meant him twenty minutes ago and either you click, or you don't. Besides, you are hitting it off with Mason. We both know you mainly interested in getting laid, Chasity. Just have your date with him, and leave me alone."

"Whatever," she whined before she leaned back.

Mason and Chasity just went right back to talking.

I glanced back at Hunter. 'We're looking at each other, but I can't think of a single thing to say. Is it just him, or what?'

I clenched my fists and bit down on my bottom lip as I just kept thinking of something to say.

Hunter tapped Mason's shoulder. "Can we talk for a few minutes?"

Mason turned his head to him. "Can't it wait?"

"No."

Mason closed his eyes for a few seconds.

'Maybe Hunter is the pain in the ass friend, who knows.'

"Fine," Mason groaned before he got up.

Hunter quickly followed, and they left out the front door.

"What the hell, Mariah?" she bitched, lifting up her arms. "The Alan Ball show thing again? Why don't you tell him about the dentist pulling your tooth last week? Apparently, you two aren't exactly a perfect match, but work with him a little bit. Who knows, he could be your husband someday."

"Him? And you think you are gonna be hearing wedding bells at your own ceremony with Mason standing at the altar?"

She took a deep breath and broke eye contact. "I don't know, but we're both out here. You have to date at least a few guys to find that right one," she explained before she glanced back at me. "Just try a little bit, you don't want Hunter thinking that you aren't dating material at all."

"Chasity, I don't see you dating Mason. Maybe he'll be a fuck buddy that lasts for more a couple of days, but that's it."

She sighed. "I'm not gonna debate you, Mariah. The bottom line is, we're in our thirties now, and you are gonna want to give your parents a grandchild someday, right?"

"Yeah."

"So, just throw this guy a bone. I'm sorry if you don't see yourself with him, but you are going have to put in a little effort. Dating is a two-way street, so if you really don't want to see him again after tonight, you don't have to. At least give him the benefit of the doubt on the first date," she explained before she bowed towards me. "If not for me, then for yourself, Mariah," she whispered before she kissed my cheek. 

"Fine, but I swear, if you were anyone else, I'd be out of here by now."

"Thank you."

We both sat there and waited for a little while in silence. We made eye contact a handful of times, but we didn't speak a word.

'What, are you about to gripe that I scared them away? You are giving me a dirty look with your arms crossed. If I set off Hunter's alarm and that made Mason's go off, then that's just bullshit on their part. You can't blame me.'

"Dude, what the hell?" she complained, leaning up. "They've been gone for over twenty minutes now. Where the heck did they go?"

"I don't know, Chasity," I sighed, standing up. "Screw this; I'm out of here. In the end, you'd get laid, but what if Mason has an STD, or he gets you pregnant?"

"I was planning on using a lot of condoms."

"No kidding?" I asked, placing my hands on my hips.

"Okay," she groaned, getting up.

She walked over to me and wrapped her arms around my neck. "How do I know that this isn't a ploy to get into my panties? I mean, being cold to your date, and getting them to run off? It just makes me wonder," she explained, playing with my hair.

"Chasity," I whispered before I kissed her on the lips. "If I wanted to have sex with you, I'd get you into my bed. It is just that simple, but I'm not bi-sexual like you," I mentioned, wrapping my arms around her neck. "I'm sorry, but the best you are gonna get from me is a kiss. Now I'm gonna go, if they come back, then maybe you'll get a threeway with them," I theorized before I backed away.

"See you at home, I'm just gonna wait a little while longer," she let me know, sitting back down.

"Later," I answered before I walked away and left through the same door. "Maybe Hunter would have been my soon to be husband, but I doubt it. I'm sure that's wishful thinking at most," I murmured, strolling to my car.

I pulled out my keys and put them in the lock.

As I turned the key, my head slanted up. "What the hell?" I muttered, prior to squinting my eyes.

I looked across the parking lot towards the back side of the bar. "I can't make anything out, but I see some movement. There is a little light, but not in the right place. It can't be what I think is, can it?" I wondered, leaning over my car slightly.

"Oh," I heard a male voice moan.

"Son of a bitch, I think so: a guy is getting his dick sucked over there. I see something going on down below," I giggled, putting my head on the top of my car and closing my eyes. "Well, at least he is getting blown."

I kept it there for a few seconds. 'Now my panties are wet.'

"Yes, Mason, just like that," I heard the voice moan again.

My eyes immediately opened. "Holy shit, did my heart just stop?" I inquired before bringing my head back up.

I cheesed, and my whole body began jiggling. "Wow, it is somewhere in the 40s out here, but I'm suddenly sweating bullets. So, that's what you've been doing for past half hour? That's a good reason to be gone for that long. Damn, Chasity would love to see this, but maybe I'll just take this to the grave."

I relocked my car and put my keys back into my pocket. I licked my lips calmly as I made my way around the car and began walking towards them. I managed not to speak, even as I got closer and received a better look.

I stopped, clenched my fists and closed my eyes. "Yep, it is them," I whispered, shuddering around and closing my eyes. "Holy shit."

I took a deep breath and stood there for a moment.

I opened my eyes. "If Chasity knew about this, she'd die. She loves this shit, and yet, it is happening: Mason is down on his knees with Hunter's schlong in his mouth as they are behind the bar. That is, in fact, critical, and it warrants you two guys leaving in the middle of a double date. Now I'm like one-hundred feet away, and they haven't noticed me yet. I'm out in the open now, so they could see me if they just look this way. Granted it is dark, but they could still see someone standing here. Yeah, Mason, thrust your lips onto his cock. I've never seen or felt it, but I'm sure it quite meaty."

My mouth opened completely, and still, I found my feet lazily stepping towards them. Everything besides the sight of them seemed to blur out, and then I became within a few feet of the bar.

I hid behind the corner wall, but let my head poke out. "Oh, yes, caress your boyfriend's head, Hunter and play with his black hair. I guess I don't know if you are boyfriends, or what. Maybe you are friends with benefits," I moaned, prior to my right hand slither into my skirt. "I don't know, but I'm just a few feet away, and this is way better than porn."

I let it voyage down into my silk panties, and then I slathered my lips once again. I rubbed my pussy lips going up and down at medium speed, and I couldn't stop vibrating to save my life. I just focused on Mason's head as it kept going back and forth lazily.

'My juice is coming out even faster than when I have sex. Son of a bitch, this is hot. Fuck that; this is scorching. Sorry, Chasity, but these two have made me cum more in last minute than you have in six years of friendship. Shit, I wasn't looking to have sex, but now, I'd fuck both of them. I'd suck their cocks, let them both stick them in one of my three holes at the same time and let them shoot their loads all over me. Damn, I guess I just really see it differently when it is right in front of me. Crap, how has he not cum yet?'

My wrist started to hurt enough to where I sparked a single tear, but I kept masturbating. I had juice flowing down my legs and sweat going down my chest and back, but I couldn't stop myself to save my life.

"Oh," I grunted, letting out a quiet orgasm.

"Fuck, Mariah," Hunter muttered, peeking at me and jerking back a bit. "You scared me."

"Hi," I stated, looking at him and evicting my hand.

I just stood there, and in the corner of my eye, I still saw Mason's head moving. My heart felt to be beating so fast, that it wasn't active.

"How long have we been gone?"

"Over a half hour, I just gave up and left," I replied before looking back at Mason and coming out from behind the wall. "Son of a bitch, your boyfriend knows how to suck dick. I apparently didn't scare him though."

I shook around even more than them, and no one objected at all.

"Yes he does know to blow me, so give the lady a show, Mason," Hunter muttered, scrubbing Mason's head.

My hand calmly made it's way back into my panties, and I closed the gap between us completely. I brushed my pussy with my entire hand, and my eyes stayed on the sexy action as I licked my lips.

"You know, I would have done that for you if you asked me nicely," I said, peeking at Hunter.

"You were planning on having sex on the first date?"

"No, but anything is possible. I mean, now that I see how big your pecker is. I guess that's shallow, but I'm still a woman that likes to have sex. I know Chasity loves sex and will sleep with just about anyone."

"You won't though?"

"No, I'm not a slut."

"With that said, you would have given me head on the first date if I asked?"

I nodded and brought my face over to his. "As I said, if you asked me nicely," I whispered before I kissed him.
