 Randy squared his shoulders as he walked out with the certificate in his hand and headed for the bus back home. Now he had a technical job and the certificate to prove it. He had been a slightly less than average student in high school, although he had been a four letter man in sports and a BMOC all through his senior year. The trouble with Randy was that he had very little ambition and shunned college as he didn't want any more of the strain of learning that he had for the four years in high school. It was tough getting a decent job without a college diploma and when he saw the ad in the help wanted column of the paper he jumped at the chance to be trained as a technician and have a decent paying job. 

Now he had graduated the course and was a certified Maytag Repairman with a list of the Maytag owners in his area and was ready to fix any problems that may arise with any Maytag product. Not only that, they were paying him a decent wage and he could work out of his apartment since all his work would be servicing customers in their homes. Any major repairs would require the company to send out a truck to pick up the units and return them to the factory for replacement.

The company had placed ads in the local phone books for him and he had been waiting for the phone to ring for over two weeks now. He spent his days reading and watching TV and figured it was a terrific job since he was getting his weekly paycheck in the mail even though he never did anything for it. He was in the middle of a great movie one morning when the phone rang and he looked at it with disbelief for a moment until he finally muted the sound and picked up the phone. It was a woman who needed service on her washing machine as it suddenly stopped working. He followed the company's procedures and checked her off on the list of Maytag customers before setting up a repair appointment for noon that day since she couldn't wait until tomorrow. 

He arrived at the address promptly at noon and rang the bell of the ranch house. The door opened and an attractive woman in her early 40's let him in and showed him to the laundry room and her Maytag machine. She was wearing a housecoat and as he followed behind her, he couldn't help notice her ass cheeks moving sensuously as she walked but tried not to pay attention since this was his first repair call and he wanted to do a good job. When they got to the machine, he set down his tool kit and started to check the obvious things as he was taught and right off, noticed that the electrical cord was not plugged in the machine. He reached down and plugged it in and told her that was the problem as he turned on the unit and the motor started to hum perfectly. She couldn't believe that the plug was out and assumed it was the kids or the dog that did it. 

She apologized profusely for making him come all the way for something as stupid as this and insisted that she make him lunch to make up for it. He told her it wasn't necessary but she kept insisting so he agreed and she showed him into the kitchen and told him to sit down while she prepared a sandwich and a cup of coffee for him. 

As she was making the sandwich, her back was to him and he wound up staring at that beautiful ass again and his cock began to get hard. Now Randy was a big guy. He was 6'4" with huge shoulders and small waist and very manly looking and Mrs. Winston had noted that the moment she opened the door for him. While she made his sandwich, she glanced over at him from time to time and saw his eyes riveted to her ass so she made every movement that would show it off to him as she worked. They talked as he ate and she asked him all sorts of questions about himself and whether he was married or had a steady girlfriend. He told her that he had recently graduated from high school and had no steady girlfriend as yet. 

Then she started asking him questions about his sex life and he began to feel uncomfortable since she was beginning to arouse him and he didn't want to screw up his first repair call by making the wrong move. Finally, he finished eating and thanked her for the lunch and told her he had to go. She stood up and slowly zipped open her housecoat and opened it wide to show him one of the sexiest bodies he ever saw. She had large, full breasts capped with big nipples and large rosettes, a reasonably small waist, large, comfortable looking hips and a great set of legs with full, sexy thighs. Her pubic hair was trimmed neatly and his eyes focused on her swollen labia which disappeared between her thighs. 

She smiled at him and asked if he serviced lonely housewives as well as washing machines and he couldn't resist her any longer and stepped forward and took her in his arms and held her body against his as he kissed her deeply. As they soul kissed, her hands found his zipper and she reached in and took his already hard erection out along with his full, tight balls and grasped it around the shaft and squeezed it lovingly. He cupped her breast in his hand and tweaked her nipple as she gasped and pulled away and, still holding him by the cock, led him into the back bedroom where she began to undress him. She was like a starving woman as she took off his clothes and kissed every part of him as it came into view. 

She took off his shirt and kissed his nipples and nibbled on them while she undid his belt and dropped his pants around his ankles and pulled his shorts down. Then she dropped to her knees in front of him and started licking his cock and balls as she helped him step out of his pants and shorts. When he was totally naked, she led him to the bed and told him to lay back and relax as she wanted to get to know him better. She took off her housecoat and lay down on top of him breast to chest and licked his lips before working her way down his body kissing and licking every inch of him until she reached his crotch. She took his thick shaft in her hand and held it up as she licked off a drop of precum that had just welled up in his slit and then looked up at him and told him that it was absolutely delicious before going back down for more. She was marvelous and he gave himself up to her talented lips and tongue as she worshipped his organs. 

Then he had to taste her also and asked her to swing around so that he could enjoy himself also. She swung around and he saw her crotch descending to his face and his penis grew even larger from the sight of that gorgeous pussy and asshole. He stuffed a pillow under his head and covered her cunt with his mouth as he drove his tongue deep inside her hole and started licking up her delicious juices. Her gasps and moans were like music to his ears as he licked and sucked every part of her sexy crotch including her pretty rosebud asshole. She was like a wild woman as she mashed her pussy against his mouth and swallowed his thickness as deep as possible. 

He lost himself in her as he sucked her pussy and fed her his cock which she sucked like her life depended upon it. Suddenly she stiffened and bore down on his mouth as she experienced her orgasm and he was delighted to find that she oozed large quantities of a white cream that he found utterly delicious. He gobbled up every drop she fed him and after she came down from Nirvana, she asked him to please fuck her as she wanted his cock inside her immediately, if not sooner. She rolled over on her back and spread her sexy thighs wide as she held out her arms to him. 

As he fit the head of his erection to her wet and ready hole, she was looking down at his organ and her eyes were wide with anticipation. She told him that she has never been fucked with a cock as big as his and can't wait to feel it inside her. She also mentioned that her husband's penis is just about half of Randy's in length and width and looked apprehensive as he fed more and more of his thickness inside her. As he worked his organ around in her receptive cunt, her expression started to change into one of total abandon and she started to gasp and moan with every stroke. Her eyes had rolled back into her head, her head was thrown back and her mouth was open as she told him how good his cock felt and asked him to keep fucking her and never stop. She was in an entirely different world as he thrust his organ in and out of her smooth, grasping pussy. 

She reached up and pulled his mouth down on hers as she thrust her cunt against his body to get as much of his meat as she could inside and then he felt her start shaking and moaning as she sucked on his tongue and wet his cock with her juices. She didn't want him to remove his penis so he lay on top of her and tried not to crush her body with his bulk. After a while, she asked him to lay back and relax and then straddled his body and lowered her pussy to his throbbing erection while looking deeply into his eyes as her warm wet pussy enveloped more and more of his meat. He saw her pupils dilate when the tip of his cock brushed against her cervix and she involuntarily shuddered in ecstasy. He kept stroking in and out of her hungry pussy and then he felt it boiling up from his balls and looked into her eyes as he told her he was going to cum. 

She started to pinch his nipples just as his cock exploded and started shooting hot cum deep inside her cunt in stream after stream. She locked her legs around his waist and forced her pussy tightly against him as she locked her eyes to his and shook in orgasmic spasms. The two of them got off together and stayed in the same position long after their orgasms had passed. Then she looked up at him and smiled as she told him her name was Shirley and thanked him for giving her the best sex she's had in many years. 

As he was getting dressed, she asked him, with a sly smile, if he could stop by to check her machine whenever he's in the neighborhood and he told her that he's required to charge her a service call fee which he has to remit to the company whenever he visits a customer. Then he filled out a service call form with the service charge on it and handed it to her. She got her purse and paid him telling him that it was worth twice the amount. She also coyly asked if she could write a letter to the president of Maytag and compliment him on his excellent service program. Randy smiled and told her that it was a good idea. He handed her his new business card and told her to call any time she needs servicing of any kind and bent to kiss her before turning and leaving. As the door closed behind him, she muttered something about probably calling him tomorrow. 

Next morning, he had just finished breakfast when the phone rang. It was a Mrs. Winston whose washing machine had suddenly stopped functioning. He made an appointment with her for noon and when he hung up he had a feeling that this call was somehow related to Shirley. When he arrived at her house, she opened the door and showed him into the laundry room. She was wearing a silk robe and he could see her ass cheeks moving sensuously under it as she walked. When they got to the laundry room, the first thing he checked was the electric plug and, sure enough, it was lying on the floor. He called her over and showed her what the problem was and she acted very surprised and told him that she used the machine yesterday and it was working. 

She was very apologetic and then turned to face him as she opened her robe and showed him her magnificent body and asked if he could possibly service it since it needed a tune up. She was wearing black stockings and a garter belt along with stiletto heels and nothing else. Randy's cock started to stir in his shorts as he told her that he has a special certificate for servicing that type of equipment and walked over to her and looked into her eyes as he cupped her bare pussy in his hand. He leaned forward as she met him halfway in a deep soul kiss and they took turns sucking each other's tongues while he played with her labia and teased her clit. 

After some time, she pulled away and took him by the hand and led him to the back bedroom. As soon as they got into the room, she started to undress him and as she did, she told him that someone had told her about his tool and she couldn't wait to see it. He smiled and told her that Shirley has a big mouth...which, however, allows her to take more of his cock. She had just unzipped him and let his pants drop to the floor and was staring at the bulge in his shorts. She cupped her hands over his crotch and gently squeezed it and then reached up and pulled his shorts all the way down so that his thick erection sprang free and stood straight out looking her in the eye. She stared at it for a moment and the lust in her eyes was apparent as she leaned forward and licked the smooth, flared crown before covering it with her lips and gently nursing on it while she played with his balls. 

He stood there and let her worship his crotch for a while and then suggested to her that they hop into bed so he could relax and enjoy everything she was doing to him. She got up and helped him step out of his pants and shorts and, after completely undressing they got on the bed and he lay back and told her to resume exactly what she was doing except that he wanted his share of the fun also so she swung around and they lay on their sides and rested their heads on each other's thigh as they rapturously gazed at each other's organs just before starting to orally worship them. He loved her taste and aroma and lost himself in her cunt as she took him up on a series of highs with her hungry mouth. She came three times while they 69'd and then, after the third one, she asked him to please fuck her in the ass. 

She got on all fours and presented her sexy ass to him, wiggling it for emphasis. He was flowing precum and had been for a while now so he rubbed some on her opening and thrust the head inside gently. As soon as his entire crown was captured by her tight hole, she let out a sigh and told him that she loves to be ass fucked but her husband won't do it. She kept telling him how good his penis felt inside her ass as he stroked it from the tip of the crown all the way to his pubic hairs. She grunted each time his cock went all the way in and he reached around and tweaked her clit as he stroked and her description of her feelings and sensations was adding to the heat of the moment.

He loved the sensations he was feeling from the contractions her anus was making around his thickness as he fucked her. She began to buck and told me to pinch her clit harder as she was about to cum and I felt her ass contract in a series of spasms as she shook in orgasmic pleasure. I kept my penis inside her for some time after her orgasm had passed until she suggested that we lay down and relax a while. I withdrew my thick erection from her ass and lay back on the bed as she went inside and came back with a wet and dry towel and proceeded to wash and dry my penis thoroughly while she told me that she wanted to suck me to orgasm as she couldn't wait to taste my cum juices. She settled herself down between his thighs and grasped his huge erection in her hand and looked at it while she told him how beautiful it is and how delicious, to boot. 

Then she began licking and sucking his crotch until he was strung out on a long high from which he never wanted to return. However reality won out and her mouth was drawing the cum out of his balls slowly but surely. She could sense his cumming and redoubled her efforts by drawing deeply on his shaft and licking the head with the tip of her tongue until suddenly, it exploded in her mouth and a rope of hot cum splashed on her tongue. She gulped it down and drew deeply as the next spurt fed her more of the juices she so desperately wanted. She kept sucking voraciously on his crown as he fed her load after load until there was no more. 

Then she lifted her head from his organ and smiled up at him as she told him that she just had the most delicious drink in the world and wants him to promise her that he'll stop by for regular feedings. He smiled at her and told her that as long as she pays the service fee, he'll service her any need and then he started getting dressed since he had to go back to work, he told her. She paid the service fee and they kissed goodbye as she told him she'd probably need some kind of service soon so she'll be seeing him very soon. 

As he drove back to his place, he thought about his job and how fantastic things were turning out. He was getting a good salary for doing nothing but fucking all these horny housewives! He couldn't have been happier and started to look forward to each day. A few days later, the phone rang and disturbed him in the middle of a suspense film. It was a Mrs. Cartwright who said that she was having problems with her washing machine and could he please come over around noon tomorrow to fix it for her. 

He took down her address and told her he'd see her then and, as he hung up the phone, wondered if this was another fuck scene about to happen. Not that he would refuse, especially if she was good looking, but he wondered if anyone's machines ever needed real repairs. After all, he went through a series of seminars on machine repairs and was qualified but all that he's done so far is plug in the machine and the owner. He hoped that this call would be for real. 

Next day, he drove up a winding road to a very large mansion and was greeted by a maid who showed him to a small waiting room on the second floor. As he was about to sit, a very attractive, tall woman walked into the room and introduced herself as Mrs. Cartwright. She was wearing a lounging robe and he could see the swell of her full breasts along with some interesting cleavage. She noted his eyes on her breasts and smiled as she told him that she doesn't even own a Maytag machine but she does want some of his other services and, with that, she opened her robe to display a gorgeous body that was meant for sex. She had full breasts with large nipples, small waist, large hips and great sexy thighs and legs. Randy's organ started rising and took complete control of his brain from that moment on. He told her that he didn't know what to do since she's not a customer. 

How can he remit the service fee to the company if she's not a customer. She understood his predicament and picked up the phone and dialed just one number and told someone to have a Maytag washing machine delivered by tomorrow morning. She told them any size, any price and hung up and then turned to him and told him that if he remits the service fee tomorrow, she'll be a Maytag customer by then and then walked over to him and grasped his crotch and told him to follow her into her bedroom where they'll have complete privacy. He walked behind her to the bedroom and watched her sexy ass move and wondered if she'd taste and smell as good as the other clients and he couldn't wait to find out. 

She led him into a large room which had a huge circular bed in one corner that had to be at least 25 feet in diameter. When she locked the door behind them, she came up to Randy and let her robe drop to the floor as she stood there in all her natural glory smiling at him as she urged him to get out of his clothes because she can't wait to see for herself what everybody is raving about. He looked at her for a moment realizing that all these women are telling each other about him and there will be no end to the amount of sex he can handle as time goes by. She brought him back to reality by grasping his organ as soon as he turned to her naked. She raved about his manhood telling him that she's a connoisseur of male organs and that she would give his a 10 without question. She asked him to call her Doris and took his hand and led him onto the huge bed. 

She lay back and spread her legs inviting him in and, since he couldn't refuse the invitation, he made himself comfortable between her thighs and began licking her flesh from her thighs and into her crotch where he found himself in a delightful world of delicious flavors and aromas. Her moans were like music to his ears and he lovingly licked and sucked her crotch from her little puckered asshole to her erect clit which was peeking out of the little hood. He was in another world when suddenly he heard a man's angry voice asking what in the world was going on here. 
