 My third visit to the Masturbatorium was about two months after my second. The thousand-dollar fee wasn't something I could afford very often, but it was my birthday, and I wanted to celebrate. So I made the call.

This time, I wanted to be "serviced" with a woman in the room ... not a masseuse, but a client. I had seen a man go through the cycle of arousal, orgasm and recovery three times when I last visited the place. Would seeing a woman being masturbated be as hot? I had to know. I thought it might, because despite my enjoyment at seeing James cum and cum, I knew I was basically heterosexual. Women were my thing. And I have always loved to see pornos of naked women jilling themselves to an orgasm. But if her attendant was a male, would I be aroused or repelled by his making her cum, giving her pleasure where I could not? 

As usual, they sent pictures of me to a few prospective candidates, and I received pictures of them. This time, it took a little longer; it seems that women who wanted to be seen masturbating by men were in short supply. But a few weeks later, a match was made.

After disrobing, I went into the shower room. I was met by Rita, that fierce beauty with the profusion of dark hair who had serviced "James" and myself the last time. I had specifically requested her, because I wanted to see those blazing gray eyes again, and that flashing smile, and those bullet nipples on her small boobs. And there she was, in all her glory, naked except for the required gold mesh panties, smiling in welcome. I noticed that her cunt lips were more visible than before; she'd evidently trimmed her crotch hair recently.

With her was a completely naked woman, whom I recognized from the pictures the Masturbatorium sent me. She looked to be in her late thirties, with wide hips and breasts that had the tiniest bit of sag to them, so that her nipples pointed slightly downward. She had curly blonde hair, a little past shoulder length, and an equally blonde muff, neatly trimmed to allow me to see the length of her slit. Her skin was lightly tanned except where a skimpy two-piece bathing suit had protected her crotch and boobs, which were startlingly white. She had a small "belly bump" but it didn't seem to detract from her sexiness. The areolas on her boobs were about the size of half dollars and very, very pink, with gumdrop-sized nipples. She wore no makeup except for some very red lipstick. She gave me a smile with a lot of teeth as she caught sight of my swinging cock and balls. She looked like she'd be a lot of fun on a date.

And there was a fourth person, a man about six feet tall, with a trim body and almost no body hair at all, except for the dark brown curls on his head. He didn't have a body-builder's musculature, but it was obvious that he kept fit - from swimming or tennis, maybe. The first thing I looked at, of course, was his cock, but I couldn't see all of it, since it was enclosed in a sort of cage that curved upward from his groin. It was obviously the male equivalent of the gold mesh panties the girls were wearing. But I could see enough of his cock to know that it was of average size and thickness, and that it was hard. Below the cock cage, his shaved balls swung freely and low.

I couldn't blame him for his erection. The blonde woman, who was introduced to me as "Emma," was as sexy as could be. As she raised her arms to let him wash the sides of her breasts, I could see that she hadn't bothered to shave her underarms. My cock stirred at the sight of her, or maybe it was Rita's giving my own slippery cock a few strokes to wake it up. At any rate, it was thoroughly hard when the attendants dried us off and directed us to one of the larger cubicles, fitted out with two massage tables. 

It was the first time that I'd seen a totally naked woman, a woman who would be seeing my cock at its hardest, a woman whom I would be exciting sexually but wouldn't be fucking. I mean, I'd shared hot tubs and nude beaches with naked women, but sex wasn't on the table in those contexts and my cock was never hard. And I'd seen all my lovers naked and eyeing my boner, and I knew that we'd be screwing as soon as we both got undressed. But this case was different. I'd see a woman experiencing an orgasm or two, and she'd be watching me doing the same, but we wouldn't even touch each other. This was promising to be a very interesting three hours!

Emma took the table on the right, laying on her back. I could see every inch of her in the overhead mirror, from head to feet. Her long, shapely legs looked even longer. When I looked directly at her from across the room, I could see her breasts flattening against her chest as her attendant, whose name was "Andre," spread oil on them. He massaged them until she was groaning in pleasure, her nipples swelling and hardening.

"Emma and you will be on different cycles of arousal," Rita said as she poured oil onto my own chest and massaged it in. "She will not cum as fast as you, so I won't try to synchronize your orgasms as Kim and I did with you and James last time. Emma wants to see you cum first, so let's give her a show!"

With that, she poured oil onto my cock and skillfully brought me to the cusp of an orgasm. Then she backed off, keeping me hard by flicking her finger along the underside, from base to cap. She played this game for some minutes, until I was practically begging for release. Emma was watching the whole show with intense interest and amusement, fingering her slit while Andre rubbed oil onto the front of her long legs. 

But when the pain of my orgasm denial started to show, Rita sensed it and switched from light strokes to squeezes. He gave me the "bottomless vagina" treatment that Kim had demonstrated to me when I first came to the Masturbatorium. Rita's fingers formed an "O" with each hand, and she slid the circle down the length of my slippery shaft, alternating her hands. Just before I climaxed, she changed the finger-and-thumb grip to a full hand grip, squeezing hard. And, with Emma watching intently, I came.

Boy, did I cum! Two days of pent-up sperm rocketed out of my shaft, flew high into the air, and spattered onto my chest and belly. The next pulse was even higher. The third, not so much, and the fourth barely cleared my cap. Every muscle in my body felt the strain of the orgasm. Then it relaxed, and my gaze fell on Emma. She was laying on her side, her torso propped up with one arm, while her other hand was parting the folds of her pussy to expose her inner lips and hole to me. As my eyes focused on her, I saw her smiling and mouthing the words "Thank you!" I smiled back. 

And then it was her turn. The attendants rolled us onto our stomachs, climbed onto the table, and proceeded to massage us from neck to toe. For me, it was the refractory period between orgasms, a relaxed, almost drowsy sensation. For Emma, though it was a building of sensation as Andre caressed her back and neck. He was skilled in the art of erotic massage, and soon she was groaning with pleasure. He spent a lot of time on her ass cheeks, and then moved to the backs of her legs and the sides of her breasts. 

And then he parted the legs and slipped a hand inside her crotch. He was obviously playing with her pussy as his other hand stroked the back of her neck. She began breathing heavily. 

I was watching all of this while lying on my belly as Rita massaged me, first with her hands, and then with her whole body. I felt those beautiful "bullet" nipples gliding across my deltoid muscles and down to my ass cheeks. Occasionally, she would reach underneath, between my legs, and give my cock a squeeze to test my recovery. 

At her command, I finally rolled over onto my back. She was still astride me, and I could see again the wonderful vista she had provided before of her flat belly and small, soft breasts with their hard nipples, and above that, her face with its burning gray eyes and broad smile. Again, I saw the neatly trimmed bush underneath the gold mesh panties, with its curly black hair and a tiny bump at the top of her slit that could only be a protruding clitoris. My desire flared, as she knew it would, and I began to feel my cock stirring again. I could not tear my gaze away from her, despite the riot of spurting cocks and bouncing breasts that was being projected onto the ceiling above me. The only image that held my attention was one of Rita herself jacking off two guys in unison, their cocks gushing semen in perfect unison. But with the real article straddling me, the image seemed almost humdrum.

Emma had now rolled onto her back as well, and I could see her full body in the mirror, her legs, tits, and belly gleaming with oil. Andre was anointing her breasts, smoothing the oil on and rubbing it in, and giving her tits a squeeze or a push or a pinch that had her squirming with lust. Her nipples were obviously hard now and exquisitely sensitive. The smile on her face was replaced with an expression of concentration as her body was swept with the first signs of true arousal. Andre was watching it keenly, and, when her deep breaths became gasps, he squirted some oil onto her slot and began rubbing it into her labia while his free hand ran circles around her belly. She parted her legs, splaying them wide and exposing her sex in all its glistening wet glory. 

Then he slipped his middle finger inside her and moved it in and out while his other hand moved to press on her mons. She gasped. Her body tensed, not with pain or discomfort but with passion, as her orgasm began to build. Her eyes lost focus, and her jaw went slack. Then Andre put two fingers in, palm up, his fingers probing for her G-spot. His other hand pushed back her clitoral hood and pressed directly on her clit. 

And that's when her own orgasm hit. Her body bucked and trembled and her belly and chest flushed pink. Andre then gave her three fingers, and Emma wailed as a second orgasm, even more intense than the first, overcame her. Andre plunged his fingers in and out of her roughly, mercilessly. With his other hand, he grabbed her right breast and squeezed hard. The two orgasms became three, then four. Or was it a single orgasm, with four distinct peaks?

Now, I'd had the pleasure of witnessing a lady's orgasm before, as she lay under me or rode me cowgirl. But for the first time, I was seeing a woman's body from head to toe as she came. And it was the first time I'd seen a woman cum so many times, so furiously. I'd never doubted myself as a lover before, but as I watched that spectacle, I found myself wondering if a man like me could have given a woman such an experience. And it wasn't over. 

By this time, my own cock had returned to almost full hardness, and Rita was teasing it by sliding her crotch against it. If the mesh of the panties hadn't been there, my cock would have been gliding along her inner labia and stroking her clit. It was only due to the fact that I had cum just a little while before that I didn't go rock hard. But I was glad I hadn't, because the way she was rolling my cock against my slippery belly wouldn't have been nearly as pleasurable. 

"I'm going over there give Andre a hand," she said. "I'll be right back. I think this is something you will enjoy seeing." Well, from the sounds of the gasps and screams on the next table, Andre didn't seem to need any help at all. But I couldn't resist seeing what Rita had in mind, so I smiled and sent her off.

What they did next brought Emma to an even higher level of arousal. Rita took Andre's place at Emma's crotch, finger-fucking her and pinching her clit with the same energetic fury that Andre had used. Meanwhile, Andre moved to Emma's side and gripped her nipples with his strong hands. He pinched them hard, and then pulled upwards until Emma's breasts were perfect cones. Then he shook the breasts hard, making her pale tit-flesh wobble. The effect was electric. Emma gave a keening wail. It must have been the mother of all orgasms, because she passed out.

"She'll be all right," Rita said as she returned to me. "She's done that before. She always asks for that when she comes." She gave my cock a squeeze. "I can give you another cum, or I could switch places with Andre and have him jack you off. Would you like that? They say that only a man knows what another man feels when he cums, and how to make him cum hard. I think I'm pretty good, but maybe Andre is better? You'll never know until you try!"

Well, she had a point. And I was so deep in lust that just about anything would send me down the chute. So why not?

And so Andre took over. It was the first time another man had ever touched my cock; only James had ever even seen it hard. Andre's own erection, enclosed in its cage, was only inches away from me and still rigid, the pre-cum weeping from his piss-hole. I noticed that his balls weren't swinging as low as before. He was obviously close to a climax himself and, after what we had been seeing with Emma, that came as no surprise. 

He spritzed a little oil onto my shaft and went to work. He was as good as the girls were at getting me hard and teasing me, but not allowing me to cum. He was especially deft at using pressure on my perineum to modulate my arousal. That was no surprise either; he'd had plenty of opportunities to practice that on himself. He was also a bit rougher on my cock than the ladies were. He'd squeeze it hard, slap it lightly, and pull on it. I found the experience thrilling, to have so much manly lust directed at me, almost as if he was making me his bitch. But he also knew just where to draw the line. I saw his oiled body gleam as his muscles tensed. 

And then I saw him cum. His cock spurted out its load, trapped by the screen of the cock cage, and dribble down the length of his shaft. The sight was enough to put me over the edge again, and I ejaculated onto his hand. "That wasn't supposed to happen," he apologized. "My cumming, I mean. Sometimes I get carried away. I don't get to jack off a straight guy that often."

"No problem," I assured him. "I enjoyed it, too. But aren't you supposed to be ... hard all the time?"

"Oh, I will be. Viagra. Just a little to keep the lead in the pencil, right?" He smiled. "I'll still be able to give the girls some eye candy."

"That he will," a voice from the other table said weakly. Emma had revived and was looking at us. "I saw the whole thing in the mirror. Two men cumming at the same time! What a treat!"

"How long have you been awake?" I asked.

"Only a couple of minutes. I didn't mean to faint! It just happens sometimes."

"No worries," I said. "I don't think I've ever seen a woman cum so hard. It wouldn't surprise me if you caught fire and burned!"

She smiled. "Now that would be something, wouldn't it? Andre, come over here and love me some more. My back needs doing." With that, she rolled over onto her belly.

Rita returned to my side, her gray eyes dancing. "How did Andre do?" she said.

"Pretty well! Really different from a woman's hand-job. Different energy, somehow."

"Someday, we should try to blindfold you and see if you could tell the difference!"

"I'd like that," I said. "But, as Emma said, I could use some loving right now. Can I get a back rub?"

"Coming right up! Roll over." And again I felt the hands kneading my delts and back and ass cheeks. As before, her hand would reach under me from time to time and give my cock an experimental squeeze. Then I felt the weight of her body on mine, gliding along its length. At one point, I felt her go into a kneeling position over me. She lifted my right leg and bent it backward as far as the knee would flex. I wondered what she was doing until I felt the mesh of her panties sliding along my shin. She was masturbating against my leg!

It's funny, but the sounds of her arousing herself went to my dick in a way that her hands couldn't. It was underneath me, in an uncomfortable position as it swelled to hardness again, and I wriggled and put my hand underneath me to adjust it.

Rita, of course, noticed it right away. "Are you getting hard again?" I nodded. "Well, roll over. I want to see it get hard while I wank. I love to watch that!" So I rolled over onto my back, my dick at almost full erection but still lying on my belly. She bent my leg so that my foot was nearly to my ass, and then resumed her masturbation, pressing her mons against my shin. She must have extraordinary sensitive labia, I thought. Her gaze shifted back and forth from my face to my hardening dick, and her hands went to her breasts as she squeezed her nipples. She came, noisily. She looked beautiful in her lust.

And I wasn't the only one enjoying it. Emma was watching, too, her fingers dancing on her clit, ready for her second round of multiple orgasms. She was on her back again, and Andre was playing with her oily breasts, pushing them together and sliding them against each other. Emma's face was again assuming that mask of lust I'd seen earlier, when she was riding crest after crest of her orgasm. 

Andre picked up a phone and spoke a few words into it. A door opened, and Kim walked in. She smiled at us, shook her long black hair, and had a quick conference with Andre.

"We would like to give you both a little special something for your last orgasms," Kim said to us. "Andre and I will administer to Emma. I think you will like to watch this, Derek."

Derek? Oh, yes, that was my alias here. I'd forgotten. I nodded back, and then Rita lay down on top of me, chest to chest and groin to groin, and writhed sensuously. I was close enough to an orgasm get incredibly turned on, yet far away enough to enjoy the simple contact of our bodies. This is what Paradise must feel like, I thought.

Meanwhile, Andre had guided Emma to a sitting position, her legs over the table, facing us. She leaned back against him, his body supporting hers, and he cradled her breasts in his hands, lifting them, pressing them against each other, and pinching those fat, hard nipples. Meanwhile, Kim had parted her legs and was slipping two fingers into her wet cunt.

Emma slid easily into this second series of orgasms, mewling like a kitten as wave of wave of pleasure crashed over her. Kim was now giving her three fingers, and then four. Emma's legs were swinging wildly, kicking. Her eyes were closed tight. 

And then two things happened. First, Rita told me to lie on my side, facing Emma. She slipped behind me, so that her chest was pressed against my back and her mons against my ass. She reached over my body and grabbed my now hard shaft. This is what she had done with James the last time, while Kim and I were poised the same way. That last time, they'd arranged things so that my jism and his would erupt at the same time, each dick shooting towards the other one as our spunk flew across the room. 

The second thing was that Kim had now put her entire small hand into Emma's vagina and was fisting her. Emma was in the depths of ecstasy, her orgasms thundering through her like a freight train. Andre was squeezing and mauling her tits until they sported red welts, but she was far beyond pain at this point. Her eyes opened, and she was staring at me wildly.

And then two more things happened. Kim removed her fist, and a torrent of fluid erupted from Emma's cunt, flying toward me. I had seen videos of women squirting before, but nothing prepared me for witnessing the real thing. And I could smell it, too. The sight and aroma pushed me over the brink, and I started to ejaculate. Boosting the force of the ejaculation by a hard squeeze of my cock, Rita aimed it across the room at Emma, where it almost hit her knee before joining the mess of fluid on the floor.

I don't know who groaned louder, Emma or me. All I knew was that we were both gob-smacked by our climaxes. The room was deadly still for a moment. And then Emma began laughing, a low, deep, almost guttural laugh. And then I found myself laughing, too.
