 All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

*******************

The Guesthouse – chapter 1

The flight had arrived on time, but the luggage was taking ages to arrive. It was already midnight, and I was feeling tired after spending full day at work and then flying to Cyprus. I was just waiting to get to the guesthouse and get in a good night's sleep. Watching the other passengers I could tell this was what other people were thinking as well. Soft bed and hopefully a nice and peaceful hotel. No parties for me tonight!

Finally the bags start to arrive and I spot mine after some minutes. Grab the bag and head for the car rental desk. Fortunately the rental car takes no time at all and in ten minutes I am in the car and driving out to the countryside. 

The guesthouse is located in a peaceful setting, a few minutes outside a village, about 20 miles outside Limassol. As I drive to the house, I can see it looks just like in the pictures. The front light is on, and I park the car and as I walk to the front door, it opens and Kate, the host, peers out and welcomes me.

'Welcome! You found us ok?' 

'Yes, no problem.' I answer. 'Took just one wrong turn, but otherwise no problem, thank you for the email giving me such good directions.'

I take a look at Kate as we exchange more pleasantries and she offers to show me to my room. She is same age as me and is quite tall, and has a very nice slim figure, from what I can tell. She has nice brown hair which she has tied up at a knot, a friendly face and eyeglasses. She is quite noticeably tan, compared to my nordic whiteness. 

'There is no other guests tonight, so you can choose the room you want' she says as she shows me the rooms upstairs. The rooms are quite spacious, and have a nice big shared terrace facing the hilly vista that is now covered in warm mediterranean darkness. 

I choose the room and fetch my bags from the car. We chat a bit more with Kate, but I am really feeling tired now and after agreeing what time she should set up breakfast, we say good night.

I decide to take a quick shower, the feeling of warm water running down my body feels good. As I lather myself with soap and my hands touch my cock and balls I think about jerking off in the shower, but I am too tired even for that. I feel that there is a slight stubble growing down there and I take some minutes to shave my cock and balls completely. I like the feeling of not having any hair. My cock twitches slightly as I think about Kate seeing me like this and I wonder if she likes men hairy and traditional or like me, shaved all over and smooth. I squeeze the head of my dick slightly and reconsider jerking off, but I decide against it. Too tired.

I open the windows as it is nice and warm outside, and sleep with the warm southern night air at my face.

***

I wake up as the sun is rising, and as I check the time I decide it is time to get up and do my morning workout and stretching. I do my exercise and stretching for the normal 10 minutes and head downstairs to breakfast.

'Good morning, Kate!'

'Good morning, did you sleep well?'

'Like a log. I am so hungry right now.' I say as I watch the breakfast table, which is set only for one guest. I start with some myesli and yoghurt as Kate brings a steaming coffee pot to the table.

'It is so quiet here, and so warm I could sleep with window open, I really like it.' I say to her

Kate says she finds the air at night really cold, so we laugh at how different people can feel. Me coming from a colder climate, the night air here is deliciously warm. For her, used to the summer heat it is getting too cold. I notice she is wearing quite warm clothes even if it is maybe around 22 degrees C outside where the breakfast table is set.

We chat some more and I explain her what my plan for the day is. I will head up to the mountains to do some walking and mountain biking.

'Tonight the other guests will arrive, a french couple, I think they get in around eight.'

'Ok, it will be nice to meet them.' I say as I finish my breakfast.

'Thank you for the breakfast, it was delicious, and it was nice to have it set outside.'

I head up to my room and get ready for the day, packing my stuff for the hike and bike. Plenty to drink, sun lotion, sports bars. After I am sure I got everything I head out to the car and drive to the bike rental place.

***

Up in the mountain the air is slightly cooler, but the scenery is awesome. The sun isn't as hot as I was fearing. I first ride some trails and then a short 5k up the road which is nice 10% grade. I can feel the lactic acid in my muscles and my lungs are burning, a nice sensation I crave. I ride back down to the car and switch to my hiking boots and get a drink. It is quiet and there isn't a lot of traffic on the road.

The only sound is the wind in the weird looking pinetrees. I check the map and decide to walk couple miles to a waterfall and back, just to get rid of the lactic acid in my muscles. Also the walking trail is completely deserted which is nice.

I breathe the nice mountain air and enjoy myself. It is so weird that so few people are up here and most of the tourists head to the crowded beaches. I don't mind spending time at the beach but up here in the mountains is epic.

***

I drive back to the guesthouse in the late afternoon. I think it is still siesta time as I see Kate nowhere. A quick wash of the cycling gear and a shower later I crash naked on the bed for a quick nap. The night before was too short a sleep.

***

I wake up as the sun is setting, feeling well rested and hungry. Heading downstairs, Kate is still nowhere to be seen, so I go to the car and drive couple miles to the market to do some shopping. After returning and fixing myself a nice tuna tortilla in the upstairs kitchen, I pop open a beer and sit in the upstairs terrace as the sun is now getting real low and the evening is getting darker.

I hear a car drive up the driveway, this must be the french couple Kate mentioned. I hear them greeting in the yard and after a while the group heads up to the room next to mine. From the sounds it doesn't sound like an old couple like I was expecting. Most of the young couples head up to the beach resorts, don't they?

I can hear them in the room, and then Kate opens the door to the terrace to show the guests the terrace. I get up from the lounger to greet them.

Wow. I am facing the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. 'Christine.' she says and I stutter 'Archie, nice to meet you.' as I am still in shock at what a stunner she is. I turn to greet the man, Julien. 

We chat just a little as I still am taking in Christine. I am guessing she is mid twenties, slightly younger than Julien. She is quite bit shorter than Kate, more than a head shorter than me. She has darkest brown hair, little longer than shoulder length, tied to a ponytail. Delicate shoulders, a slender figure with still as nice set of breasts as I can make out without staring. And her face is straight from a fairytale story, an angel-face, with perfect nose and the largest set of dark brown eyes. Her mouth is a delicious set of natural lips. She wears little or no makeup as I can see. Julien is only slightly taller than her, with short dark hair and quite handsome face with well groomed appearance.

They are obviously tired from the travelling, and head up inside and I return to the lounger to lie down in the cooling evening, with my mind now fully occupied by the beautiful couple staying next door. My dick twiches in my shorts and stiffens at the thought of this young couple maybe making love in the next room tonight. I can feel the pressure of cum in my balls, it has been a few nights without release.

The night darkens, I decide against heading out to find a restaurant, and fix myself another tuna tortilla and some salad from the stuff I bought from the market. I pour myself some wine and just sit at the terrace. I can hear Julien and Christine head out, maybe to a restaurant, shop or a fast food place. When they return an hour later I am still out there even if it is already ten in the evening.

I head inside, and wonder at the sound insulation of the place. If I masturbate now, how quiet should I stay? Against my nature, I don't do it and head to bed.

***

I wake up in the middle of the night to sounds of lovemaking from the next room. First I can hear Christine sighing and yelping, but no other sounds. Julien probably has his mouth on her pussy, licking her, I decide. From the sound of it she is liking this very much and tries to keep as silent as possible, but succeeds only barely. My cock is suddenly rock hard and strains against the sheets. I went to bed naked again. I imagine Julien's face buried between Christine's legs, his tongue flicking her pussy at the rhythm of the quiet sounds I hear. She has probably her hand on his head, guiding his mouth and tongue. Maybe her other hand caresses her breasts as her back arcs in pleasure. Maybe Julien's hand joins his tongue and he inserts the tip of his finger into her pussy slowly, building speed with the pulse of her moans. Then another finger and he starts to fuck her with his hand and mouth together. 

After some minutes I can hear the bed starting to creak. Slowly at first, then with increasing rhythm. I start to jerk off to the rhythm of the fucking next door. I squeeze my dick and touch my balls with my other hand. My dick is soon ready to explode. I hear a break in the creaking and know they are switching positions. Christine on top? Or does Julien take her from behind? Oh, what I would give to see them at it right now. I hear a muffled screm next door and know that Christine has orgasmed with no break in the creaking. A short while later there is another scream that is joined by almost silent grunts from obviously Julien coming. I can't hold off my own orgasm any longer and a huge load of cum spurts from my cock all over my stomach. My balls seem to have inexhaustible supply as spurt after spurt lands, some hitting all the way to my chin. After I am done, my whole chest is covered in sticky cum. I haven't cum like this in a while.

Embarrased, I realise that in my orgasm, I have cried out, probably with more volume than the couple next door. I can only hope they were still recovering from their own orgasms to hear. After cleaning up with a towel, I fall back to sleep.

***

Next morning, heading to breakfast I did feel slightly akward. Had Julien and Christine heard me? Did they realise I had heard them? I decided to try to act as normal as I could, even if they heard me. I mean we are all adults, aren't we?

I am the first to arrive and Kate brings me my coffee. I enjoy the breakfast again and chat a bit with Kate about my plans for today. Suddenly I hear Julien and Christine behind me and turn to look at them. Christine looks at me with a shy smile and blushes, Julien's gaze lingers a while longer, but he also sits down with a smile on his face. Was that a wink? I can't believe so. Yup, they heard me all right.

After slightly akward set of goodmornings, moment later we seem all to arrive to the conclusion that we should just act normal.We small talk about our plans for they day. They are going to check out the beaches and some museums today. I am again heading up to the mountain to do some more biking. Julien's english is quite good, whereas Christine doesn't speak much. I glance at her, she is wearing a white blouse and capris and looks, if possible, even more beautiful this morning than last night.

Some time later I finish my breakfast and wish them a nice day at the beach, and head upstairs to gear up for the day. As I get to my car some 15 minutes later, they are still at breakfast and I wave them. Both of them wave back wishing me a nice ride.

***

The riding is awesome again. The scenery up in the hills is excellent, the weather is slightly warmer than yesterday. I do some uphill first on the road and then head for some trails. It would be nice to have both a roadbike and a MTB. 

At midday it is getting very hot, and I am sweating a lot. Already a few hours riding, I call it a day and head towards the guesthouse around 1pm. 

After getting back and a nice cool shower, I eat a late lunch (tuna salad again) and then I hit the bed naked. I Read for a while and then feel sleepy in the afternoon heat, and decide to take a nap.

I wake up around half past four, and decide to head to the beach to check out what I have been missing. It is a short drive to the beach and thankfully the tourist season is almost over, so there is plenty of space to park not far from the beaches. Sun is still pretty high as I walk by the sea. There is still a lot of tourists in the sun. Some nice looking beach babes also, with small tight bikinis! 

I don't feel like taking a sunlounger and just walk the beach up and down once and on my way back to the car, visit a grocery store to buy some sangria and some more foodstuffs for tomorrow. I am not really the partygoing or restaurant type of guy, mostly I like to eat stuff I prepare myself. As I reach the car the sun is setting. I drive back again anticipating a nice evening in the warm darkness in the terrace, sipping some sangria.

As I arrive, I see Julien and Christine's car parked in front. I go up and put my groceries to the fridge and go to my room. The sun is just setting and it is getting dusk. I take a quick shower, put on a clean white short sleeved shirt and shorts, grab a glass of sangria and open the terrace doors. 

I set myself on the lounger facing the sunset and just enjoy myself. Perfect.

Some time later I hear the terrace door from the next room open, and I look over, and say hi to Julien and Christine. They sit down on their side of the terrace. They have opened a bottle of red wine. I can hear them chat in french with subdued voices. I glance over and see Christine looking at me. I smile to her and she drops her gaze and blushes, and then says something to Julien. Julien looks over to me.

'Archie, would you like join us over here?' I hear him say.

'Sure I would be glad to.' I get up and walk over to their side of the terrace. Julien is sitting in the lounger, and Christine is on the sofa. I sit on the other end of the sofa.

'How was your day?' I ask.

'Oh it was excellent,' Julien answers, 'we actually decided to rent a car and drove all the way to Cape Greco and walked on the seafront. Great scenery!'

We chat some more and I tell them about my day. As we talk, I get a chance to look at the wonderfully beautiful Christine sitting so close to me. She is wearing a long white thin dress which isn't quite see-through thin. The dress leaves her shoulders bare. I think she is not wearing a bra. She has her hair open and it is falling straight to her shoulders. Julien also has on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Like me, he is also fit and slim with tanned arms and legs. 

After some time, suddenly Julien says 

'..you know Archie, last night we thought we heard something from your room.'

Shit. What to say now? I think I am blushing. 

'Yes, well, you know.. I was..I kind of heard some noises from your side and you know, I got a bit excited..' I say.. 

my god this is embarrassing.. 

'No no, don't be shy, we understood that we woke you up. We were trying to be as quiet as possible, but ..'

I look over to Christine and she is also blushing and looks at me and smiles. 

'We just could not help it, this place is so romantic.. and we didn't understand that the walls are so thin... we just realised when we heard you..', she says.

'Yes I understand perfectly, I mean we should not be embarrassed about it.' I try to say.

'So you were not shocked or anything?' Julien asks.

'No, no, not at all..'

'Good, we were a bit worried but after seeing you on breakfast and now chatting to you we see that we should not have worried about it.' 

'Christine actually said something to me afterwards.' He pauses for a moment. 'Do you want to repeat it to Archie, Christine?'

I look over to her, and she is even more blushed as before... 'Julien, I don't know...'

'Come on dear... he heard us and we heard him.'

Christine is silent for a while and then looks at me shyly and says

'I think it was exciting that you heard us and you became so aroused.. I was turned on by the thought that another man was in next room and hearing me and Julien.'

I think about what to say for a moment.

'I mean, I couldn't help it.. when I heard you at it, I started to imagine it in my mind, and next thing you know... I just had to do something.'

I take a sip of the wine, and Christine does also. Julien looks to be deep in thought and smiling.

'Christine said something else last night as well. Christine, do you want to repeat that?'

My eyes haven't left Christine, and I wonder if it is possible for anyone to be more crimson than she is at the moment.

'I... I was just saying...maybe... it would be exciting to...if you want... to look at us?'

The words take a moment to sink in.

'Look at you... you mean?....making love?' I finally ask.

'Yes... if you would like to.'

Yes, it is possible to be more crimson, I think. 

It seems my heart has jumped to my throat and my dick jumps in my shorts and I know that in a few seconds I will have a full erection. 

'I ... well... eeh... wow!' I am stuttering 'Well, I don't know, I haven't seen other people make love before...you know in real life... but...'

Julien says 'Come on, don't be shy, Christine would really love it, wouldn't you Christine?'

'Yes...I would really love it.' she says finally, looking at me with her angel eyes and her delicious lips in a delicate smile.

Have you ever got the feeling you need to pinch yourself to know if you are sleeping and having a fantasy dream?

I mentally pinch myself. My dick is fully hard now. If my dick could speak, it would say: "HELL YEAH MAN WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR!?"

'Wow. Yes, in that case yes, I am sure I would love to watch.' I finally answer with a sore whisper.

'Great!' Julien says and Christine smiles on the other end of the sofa. 'What do you say Archie, if we go inside? The Terrace is getting slightly chilly.'

Chilly or not, I can now see Christine's nipples through her dress, they have swollen and hardened and stretch the fabric. I can see the curve of her breasts as she stands up and walks inside their room through the double doors, her hips swinging from side to side as her slim figure stretches the thin white dress. Julien walks inside also and pulls the curtains on the windows. He then sets up the armchair to the corner of the room and sets the wine bottle there and gestures for me to take a seat.

I follow them wordlessly in to their room, feeling like in a dream or a movie. Is this really happening? I sit down to the chair and have to spread my legs a bit since by now I have a hard-on for the record books and it is slightly uncomfortable to sit.

Julien closes the terrace doors and pulls the curtains. Christine is standing at the end of the bed, facing me and looking down at the bed. She shyly raises her eyes to look at me but when she sees me watching her she drops her eyes back down to the bed. I can't take my eyes off her.

Julien moves so that he is behind Christine and puts his hands on her waist, caressing her through her thin dress. As he touches her, Christine suddenly again raises her eyes to look at me and I can see her shiver as if electricity would run through her. Julien's hands move to touch her hair, and he pulls her hair off her face so that it is running down her back, exposing her neck. Then he leans in and kisses her neck gently.

Christine lets out a sigh and closes her eyes and tilts her head back. Julien's hands have returned to caress Christine's waist, moving up and down and exploring more of her body, he isn't yet touching her breasts but he is moving closer with each stroke.
