 As I wake up some hours later, it is still dark, but I can already feel it is close to dawn. I slept again with the windows open, and the sounds of the warm night are already gone and I can hear the odd cry of a rooster from the valley. I look to the window and I can already make out the outline of the sky against the hills. In half an hour it will be sunrise.

I still cannot really believe what happened last night. It all seems like a dream. Did I really have sex with Christine, while Julien was fucking her in front of my eyes? The thought seems unreal, a fantasy, or something that would happen in a movie. Not something that would happen to me.

But I can still remember the feeling of my dick deep in her mouth, and the feeling of her hand on my buttocks as I came deep into her throat. I can remember the jump my heart made when Christine said what she would like me to do tonight. I remember the hungry look she had in her eyes when Julien was licking her and she had my cock right at her lips, ready to go in her waiting mouth. It really did happen. And tonight is promising to be even more exciting!

I lie on the bed deep in thought and look at the ceiling as the dawn arrives. My hands are at my side. The hands that will touch Christine again tonight, again under the gaze of her husband. The hands will caress her breasts and maybe hold her from the waist as she will ride on my cock. My dick stirs from the morning slumber and in seconds is getting harder at the anticipation of this evening. 

Is it going to be weird over breakfast? Kate is going to be there, so how will we act, like nothing happened, or do we acknowledge somehow that we were pretty intimate last night?

I ponder on this some more, but decide that the best thing is to go about it normally. I will just catch their eye and figure out how they want to play it. I realize suddenly that I haven't asked how long Christine and Julien are staying. Are they staying the full week like me, or are they here only for a few days? I have to ask them at breakfast.

I jump up and do my morning exercises and stretching, then hit a quick shower and wash my teeth. As I pull on my clothes, I notice that today's cycling hasn't even crossed my mind yet. I grab some maps and a list of the possible cycling routes I made earlier and head downstairs for breakfast.

As I come downstairs, I can hear Kate in the kitchen. I look outside and Julien and Christine are not there yet. I walk to the kitchen door and look in.

'Good morning, Kate!'

She has heard me come down the stairs and turns around with a couple of plates full of local fruit. 'Good morning, Archie. I am sure you had a good night last night?' she says with a tilt of her head and a knowing smile on her face. Oh, yes, it seems we did make enough noise for her to be aware what her guests are up to.

'Oh, yes, I had a good night sleep.'

'I am sure you did, after all the exercise you had yesterday.' she continues, still smiling.

'Yes, and you have such comfortable beds here.' 

'Well, we aim to please!' she says and looks at me as she takes the plates outside.

I sit down at the breakfast table. The weather is again nice and warm, sun is up and I breathe in the morning air, a bit relieved that Kate is taking this situation so well. It would have been awkward if she had been more distant or condescending about the activities of her guests. I start on the muesli and cut a bit of bread and Kate brings the first pot of steaming hot coffee to the table.

It feels like my whole body is aching for the evening already. I can feel the anticipation for seeing Christine naked in front of me, for being able to touch her perfect body, for burying my face between her legs, tasting her pussy and licking her with my tongue and finally, sinking my cock into her waiting pussy as her husband is watching. The fantasies and images of me making love to Christine are revolving in my brain, making me dizzy.

Spreading the cycling route maps in front of me, I decide that to get through the day without fainting, I should focus on finding the place to start today's ride. It would be best to do a hard ride today, I think, to take my mind off the coming evening, and also, I feel my body needing a hard punishing training today. I am going through the alternative places to start the ride as I hear Julien and Christine walking behind me to join me at breakfast.

'Good morning, Archie!' they say to me. 

'Good morning! Did you two have a good night sleep?', standing up, I answer to them and smile back as I check both of their faces for any clue how they want to play this. Julien takes the place next to me in the table. Christine is smiling and walks to the other side of the table.

'We slept really well.' she says and continues in almost a whisper, 'thank you for last night, it was so great! I can't wait for tonight!'

'Me too.' says Julien.

I don't really know what to say, so I just smile and look at both of the in turn and nod. 'I am looking forward for tonight also. A lot.', I finally manage as I look at Christine. She blushes as I look at her.

Kate storms from the kitchen and catches us all in surprise. 'Well, sit down dear friends. Coffee, Christine, Julien? Please, try the bread, it is fresh from the local baker, and the fruit is from our own garden. You need a lot of energy on holiday, so you need to eat a big breakfast!' She is laughing at our slightly embarrassed expressions as we all sit back down and start on the breakfast.

The atmosphere returns to normal, and rest of the breakfast we are just chatting about what we are going to do that day. I ask them how long they are going to stay at Kate's and Julien says that they are staying there for three more nights, and after that they are going to stay at a place near Nicosia for three days and then another three days near Larnaca. I am delighted to hear that they are still staying here a few nights and say so, which yields a nice shy smile from Christine and a grin from Julien.

We are on vacation, and the weather is perfect, we are getting along so fine, and everyone is anticipating the evening, so we are all feeling very happy. Julien and Christine are going to check out some ancient ruins and maybe some museums today. I look at the map and with some suggestions from Kate who drops by to see if we need anything, I decide on the place where to start my ride today. 

 'Ok, I'd better go and get ready. Have a nice day at the museums! You must tell me all about it later today, tomorrow is my rest day and I might go and check some of those places also.' I say as I stand up.

'You have a nice day riding up there on the mountain. Don't spend all your energy!', Julien says and with that we all smile and I head upstairs to get ready.

The drive to Trimiklini, where I will start riding today, is uneventful. I can't stop my mind wandering from cycling to what will possibly happen tonight. I have to mentally shake myself to focus. The Cypriot style of driving on the road is somewhat erratic, in addition to the traffic being on the wrong side of the road from my point of view. I am still getting used to shifting with my left hand.

I usually do not like to ride with bike close to the coast, as the roads have much more traffic. As the road climbs towards Trimiklini, the traffic becomes thinner and the road shoulder looks also more inviting. I park the car a few kilometers before the village.

As I take my bike and gear out of the car I look at the mountain right before me. The climb is a little over a thousand meters vertical, but today I shall take a small detour and not the direct route up. So it will not be as steep as before, but today I will go all the way to the village on the summit. I check that I have everything with me, spare tube, sports bars, both the bottles and the bike fixing tool set I always carry, and I jump on the bike and start the ride.

The road is almost level, initially with only small, short hills. I know from looking at the map that the first few kilometers are like this, and then there is a not-too-steep climb of a 3-4 kilometers, after which the road drops back to another village and then picks up again as I will turn towards the summit.

Remembering Julien's advice, I pedal in a smooth rhythm with a steady cadence and try not to get too out of breath. The feeling in my legs is nice, I can feel the previous two days riding, but there is still clearly energy and power left. Tomorrow is rest day, and I know I can attack the climb if I want to.

As I go past Trimiklini and turn left for the even more empty road leading to the next village, the effort of pedaling, the endorphins in my blood and the scenery finally takes my mind away from coming evening. I breathe the clear mountain air in an out, look at the perfect views reaching out to the blue sea that is just visible under a haze in the distance. The sun is warm on my skin. Perfection. I am feeling so good right now I could shout out.

I stop and listen to the silent hills around me. The only sound I hear is wind. I haven't seen even one car pass me on the road. I just cannot understand why more people are not doing this. But I know other people consider what I am doing pretty weird. Well, to each their own!

Finally there is some traffic as three guys on rented Ducati's storm past me. I could hear them coming from miles away, and after the silence a moment ago, the sound of the Ducati desmo engines careening off the hills around me feels deafening. As the trio speeds in the distance, peace returns. I reach the top of the first climb and start the downhill. 

As always, the downhill part seems to be over in just a few minutes and the road now forks and I take the right turn that leads to the Trodos village near the summit, my goal for today. I pass the Ducati trio sitting in a roadside cafe, with their brilliant red bikes in a neat row in front, ticking off as the engines and exhausts cool off after their ride. Beautiful bikes. It looks a lot of fun, maybe I should rent a bike like that some time.

The road climbs now a bit steeper, and I feel the urge to attack the mountain. I pick up speed and pace and instantly I feel the effort, I am now breathing deeper and deeper and my thighs are feeling the pain a little bit more each time I try to spin the crank. In even steeper parts of the turns I get out of the saddle and push on the pedals from standing position.

After about half an hour, I reach the village where the steep part of the climb ends and I ease back on the speed. The rest of the way, I take it easy, just spinning the legs and letting my body recover. There are more cars on the road near the village on the top, tourists that have come to see the scenery and have lunch in the restaurants at the top. After another 30 minutes, I reach the village at the top and stop to have a snack at the village square and rest before heading back down. It is fun to look at other tourists who have come up with cars. There are a few other cyclists also on top, mostly with mountain bikes but a couple have come up the mountain on a road bike. I wave at the fellow cyclists.

Sitting at the bench, I realize that the ride up the mountain did take my mind off the coming evening, but right now the feeling of anticipation for tonight is like a press on my chest. My heart seems to swell and rise as I think that tonight I will get to make love to Christine, my dick will slowly slide inside her moist, tight pussy as she looks deep into my eyes. I can touch her perfect breasts and smooth skin...

I snap out of this as the bulge in my cycling shorts is getting larger. Having an full-on erection in thin lycra shorts in a crowded place is something I would rather avoid. I put on my helmet and hop on the bike and head downhill towards the car.

Taking the more direct route back to the car, the 20 kilometer downhill takes me only about 20-odd minutes. The exhilaration of hitting sixty or seventy kilometers an hour without pedaling is awesome. The road is relatively straight and visibility is good, so I can let the bike just shoot down without much braking, just taking care in the corners and in any exists where a car might suddenly appear out of a side street or from a driveway.

As I reach the car, my legs and whole body can feel the 2 hour effort, and I am grateful for the chance to rest as I will soon drive back to the guesthouse. I can feel my body needing a rest day, but also I feel a desire to return back to ride more as soon as I have recovered. But not tomorrow. And I have tonight to think about now. The evening is getting closer at each passing second.

I pack my bike back to the car and stretch my legs. Standing up, I take a recovery drink and look at the mountain that I just pedaled up and down. Awesome. It is now getting close to local siesta time, and there is more traffic on the road as the locals head back to home for siesta. The sun is hot now, and after a while I hop in, start the car and start the drive back to Kate's.

Arriving to the guesthouse, parking the car I see there is no other cars at the guesthouse parking lot. Kate is somewhere, probably doing some shopping, and Christine and Julien haven't arrived from their day at the museums yet. I grab my gear and go up to my room and quickly wash my cycling gear and drink bottles and set them out on the balcony to dry out. Then I stretch a bit and take a long, hot shower, and thinking about tonight, I decide to shave my dick and balls. As I touch myself, my thoughts wander to the coming evening, only hours away now. How will it happen? Is Christine waiting for me to make the move? Should I take control and decide where and how to make love to her? Or should I let Christine have the control? I have the feeling that tonight Julien will just like to take a more passive role, and watch, at least initially. It would be nice to just chat with them initially, get to know more about them. I hope they would like that too.

Feeling slightly ashamed at having taken so long a shower with Cyprus having a rather expensive water prices, I step out and dry myself and then fall to the bed. The afternoon is still hot, siesta time is still on. My room window is open, and I can feel the warm breeze as I slowly start to feel sleepy and with no clothes on, I fall asleep on the bed.

Steps on the gravel outside my window wake me up. I can hear words of french, so it must be Julien and Christine returning. Looking at the clock, it is close to six already. I have slept almost two hours! I guess the previous night and the ride today did take their toll, but now I am feeling well rested. I hear Julien and Christine going to their room. 

I lie on the bed and suddenly realize that I am ravenously hungry. I didn't eat anything other than a recovery drink after returning from the day's ride. I put on my shorts and a white loose shirt, and go to the kitchen, where I still have fresh tomatoes and lettuce and tuna, and fix myself a large tuna tortilla. After eating, I pop open a beer and head to the terrace.

Sitting down to the sun lounger, I notice the doors to Julien and Christine's room are open, and I can hear their shower. The sun is slowly setting to the west and I can feel the air is getting slightly cooler, or at least it is not anymore as hot as it was midday. Sitting at the lounger, the butterflies return to my stomach, with the darkness looming and the moment I have been waiting since last night getting closer. I try to focus on the nice tired feeling in my legs and my body, and the feeling of the cooling breeze and the warmth of the sun's last rays on my skin, but I succeed only to think about the curve of Christine's neck and her delicious earlobes and the way her breasts bounced last night as Julien was fucking her on the bed. I try to look at the hillside vista with the bushes climbing to the hilltop with the orange sunset behind, but I can only see my glistening dick entering Christine's mouth again and again, her mouth slurping as she sucks my shaft as it goes in and out deep into her throat. I try to listen to the sounds of the warm Mediterranean evening, the insects chirping and the dogs barking, and I can only hear the sound of Christine's muffled moans as she was taking two cocks deep in her mouth and pussy. I did not put on any underpants, and my dick is now hard, stretching against the fabric of my shorts.

'Hi Archie.', Christine suddenly says right behind me

Instantly aware that my erection is unmissable, I blush and turn to look at her, trying to hide the huge tent that my dick has created with the beer can. 'Oh, hi Christine! I did not hear you coming!"

'Hmm... maybe you will later.', she says, smiling, her eyes dropping to look at the budge in my shorts. I smile back and look at her, and she returns my look and I can sense the electricity between us. I can sense her desire to make love to another man while her husband is watching. She sits down at the lounger next to mine and I take in her perfect slender body once more. She is wearing another dress, this one with thin straps and a the hem bit shorter than the one she wore yesterday. I can't spot her wearing any underwear either. I can still hear the shower is on. Julien is in there then.

'How was your day? Did you have fun at the museums?'

'Oh, it was very interesting. We saw a lot of nice ruins.' she says. 'And hot. It felt so good to have a nice cool shower afterwards. Although to tell you the truth, during the museum visits, my mind was sometimes wandering a bit. To tonight I mean.'

'Yes. I kind of had the same problem today.', I admit.

'I hope you still... want to? Like you promised last night?', she asks and turns to look at me.

I look at the perfect face next to me, I look deep at her brown eyes. I lay my hand on her hand, and it is as sparks could ignite the darkening evening. Her fingers twitch and her skin feels warm to my touch. With a squeezing sensation on my chest I look at her and finally gather the courage to say in a trembling voice 'Right now I want nothing more than to make love to you.' 

She does not answer, but I can see the relief as some of her doubts disappear. I can sense that she has had this fantasy for a while, same as me, and now when we have finally found the right person to realize it, we are getting closer and closer to the moment we have been waiting for, maybe for years.

'Hello Archie.', we hear from behind, as Julien has gotten out of the shower. He has only a towel on his waist as he walks on my side of the terrace. He is holding a bottle of wine on one hand and three glasses on his other hand. I let go of Christine's hand, and see Julien smile a little as he notices this.

'Hi Julien. I heard you had a nice day at the museums?'

'We had a wonderful time, they really have some unique ruins and museums here at Cyprus. I was enjoying every moment. Although I think Christine's mind was sometimes wandering to other things!'

Christine throws a playful mocking look at her husband and says something in french.

'Now now, dear. Lets try to keep it in English for Archie's sake. Wine, Archie?'

My beer can is empty so I gladly accept. Julien pours us wine and then sits down on a chair opposite to us.

Sipping the wine, Julien asks me about the ride today, and I tell them how awesome it was again today. I ask them if they do any cycling, and Christine says she doesn't but Julien says he has a bike and rides it a few times a week. But he says he really has not tried any mountains yet. I ask where in France they are from, and they say they are originally from Paris, but now living in south of France, near Toulouse. They ask me if I have been there, and I have to admit that I have only been to Paris and then the alps near Grenoble. But I would love to visit the southwest France, especially the mountains.
