 Luke awoke a tiny bit sore the next morning—the event, the walking, the armor combat, and of course all of the sex had started to catch up with him. Laurel had definitely done a number on him too—he honestly couldn't remember a wilder fuck in his life, or any girl that had ever wanted to get hammered so hard. He downed some ibuprofen, water, and food, and after waking Kiana, they both showered, then spent 5 bucks each to take advantage of a soaking tub booth that was set up on the near edge of the camp. It did wonders, and as they walked back to the tent, he felt much looser and more pliable.

They packed up some of their clothes, his armor, and a few other things, though they decided to wait on the tent and bedding until later. It was only 9am still, and half the camp wasn't up yet. At 6, there was a royal closing ceremony and address, and then camp officially had to be broken by 9 that night. Home was a 45 minute drive away, so they figured they would simply break down the tent right before, hit the closing ceremony, change into street clothes, and book out before the rush. In the meantime, they decided to simply lounge back and enjoy a little time doing nothing. Luke reclined on the bed, and, as she often did at home, Kiana laid next to him, her hand on his chest and her leg partially draped over him. She lightly trailed her fingertips over his torso, and he played with her hair in the way that always made her produce that little hum of satisfaction. They laid just like that for at least 15 minutes, with nothing said or needing to be said.

"So," Kiana said finally, breaking the silence.

"So?" he responded, teasingly.

"I wanted to ask you if you're okay with everything that happened this weekend."

Luke paused for a second, reflecting. "Yeah, I think so. I don't feel jealous or anything, if that's what you're asking."

"Yeah. But I was also wanting to make sure you weren't uncomfortable with anything we did. We kind of opened up the scope of things we're okay with way open this weekend."

"I know. Does that bug you?"

"No. No, absolutely not at all. But I do have some questions I wonder about, that I think we should discuss."

Luke sat up a bit, wanting to look at her face if they were going to have a serious talk. Kiana got up as well, sitting cross-legged. "Okay, shoot," he said.

She took a deep breath, and closed her eyes for a second. "Alright. When we swung that first night with Roger and Corinne, we had a rule that everybody was to be there, present, and able to watch."

"I know. And we discussed that we couldn't do that here, possibly, and to not have guilt over it."

"Of course. But I liked it. The lack of restrictions. Coming back and kissing each other with strange taste on each other's faces. I found that so hot. So now that we've done that, do we go back to only same room play, except at these events? I have a feeling Tika's going to want to have you all to herself for at least a time or two, possibly regularly. Or are we now completely open and free to play?"

"I don't have a problem with being completely open. I kind of find it hot, too."

"Okay, cool. Now, about the protection issue..."

"Way ahead of you there, babe. I'm not planning on breaking that rule again anytime soon. Laurel was a special exception. She hadn't actually had sex since her husband passed several years ago, and she had herself fixed after her kid. The bareback thing happened by accident at first, but I did try to pull out and strap up until I found out for sure she was safe. I won't make any kind of habit out of not using protection."

"Okay, I kind of figured as much, but I had to bring it up. We need to be safe, after all. But, I will say, I don't have a problem with you doing her without one, now or in the future. Also, with people we plan on perhaps having some long-term fun with, if we know they're safe, I certainly don't mind ditching the condoms. Are you okay with that?"

"Absolutely."

"Okay. Good..." she paused, and then gave him the beaming smile that always melted him. "I think that's it. I love you." And with that, they leaned in and kissed tenderly, with a bit of lingering touching, and eventually transitioned to holding each other.

They remained like that for a couple of minutes, but their reverie was interrupted by a figure at the door of their tent. "Knock knock," a feminine voice said. Kiana unzipped, and Mina stepped into the door. 

She was dressed magnificently in a light green Elizabethan number, that plunged dramatically to show off a ridiculous amount of cleavage. Luke hadn't appreciated how cute she was when he first met her. Light red, slightly kinky hair down to a bit past her shoulders framed a rounder face and dramatically large, very pretty blue-green eyes, which complemented her pale skin and smattering of freckles. As his eyes roamed back down, he noticed how incredibly large her breasts were, which had to be at at least a DDD. She was a slightly bigger girl, to be sure, but her tummy was surprisingly without much pooch at all. Her hips flared out ridiculously, and her ass was quite large and rounded, and altogether enticing. He noticed she wore a bow in her hair, and a choker necklace that only enticed him to look at the smooth, pale, somewhat freckled skin of her throat and breasts more. She was only a few inches shorter than him, probably about 5'10 or 5'11", so with that ridiculous thick curviness of hers, she probably was at least a size 16, maybe bigger. He had traditionally only been with girls that were either smaller or rather athletic, but as he looked her over, he couldn't deny that he was attracted to her. Kiana got up, giving her a hug, and, he noticed, stealing a look at her breasts as well. Mina handed her a couple of papers together.

"What is that?" he asked her.

Mina piped up, " Tika and Harold wanted me to give you one of their business cards, their address, and a note for Luke from Tika."

"Ooh!" Kiana shot out with curiosity. "Is it private, or can I read it, too?"

"She said you both could read it."

Kiana took it, and began aloud:

"Luke,

I'm sorry that you weren't there for our first time. When we begin swinging with another couple, we like to generally have all at least present to begin, in order to make sure everyone's comfortable before any sharing goes on. Our play with Kiana started unexpectedly, so that didn't happen. I'm still very much looking forward to getting to know you better and having what I'm sure will be quite a lot of fun together. I feel chemistry with you and am counting the days until you can come up. I'm planning on spending all of the first night with you, making up for lost time. Truth be told, I'd love nothing more than to come over to your tent this morning and jump you, but sadly the closing day of the event means a lot of different things I need to attend, and the best I could manage is maybe a half hour to break away, at absolute best. I know this won't cut it, I've got a feeling once I've sampled you I'm going to want to stay in bed with you for a very long time, until we are both worn out, and I can't just bail on all my responsibilities today. So, I have a compromise gift for you to hold you over.

You've met Mina before. We mentioned that she is our roommate and friend outside of the game as well. Mina is a true submissive. She enjoys being told what to do, it is not just her fetish in the bedroom, but a lifestyle she has fully embraced. Harold and I are a bit dominant by nature, though not really into the more pain-oriented aspects of that particular lifestyle. So in our everyday life, while she does rent a room from us in our house, she has also gladly volunteered herself as our submissive slut. While she has right of refusal if she isn't comfortable doing something (or someone), we use her as a slut when perhaps one of us is horny and the other is tired, etc. In this capacity, she is very accommodating and willing to do just about anything you tell her to. She enjoys being told what to do, every hole filled, spanking, light bondage, being called a slut or whore, etc. Simply tell her what to do, and she'll gladly do it. I'd like you to use her today. She has a bag with toys, lube, and the like with her, use them all and have fun. One game we've done in the past, if you're into it, is to use her and then grab a magic marker and write on her torso what you did to her in detail, so it's on her for a couple of days. She only has two orders from me. The first is that she submit to whatever you want today, within reason. The second is that, when you're ready for your last round with her, you cum in her mouth. She is to hold that in her mouth without swallowing, and come back to me and share it.

I hope you like your present. Please enjoy, and I look forward to shortly enjoying you myself.

Tika."

Luke looked over at Kiana, and then at Mina, a bit taken aback. He had nothing against the dom/sub culture, and a few times he and Kiana had role played this way, taking turns tying each other up, some light torture, and some spanking, but they had never been particularly attracted to the true lifestyle or their events. However, here was a young, healthy, attractive girl basically being offered to him on a platter. He was at a loss for words, and hesitated, not knowing quite what to do, or how to handle all of this. Fortunately, Mina rescued him, starting things along, pulling her backpack off and beginning to unpack it, commenting on each item as she brought it out.

"I brought a few different types of lube. There's an edible one, and this one I've found is great for anal. I've got a light riding crop here that stings but won't cause major skin damage. I really like this dog collar," she said, putting it on, "and it attaches well to this leash, if you want to use it later and lead me around either on my feet or on all fours. I've got several different dildos. This one I generally use on my pussy, and this other one has a vibrating attachment for my ass. There's also this strap on if you want to double me later." She grinned and blushed. "I really like that. Handcuffs, and some scarves and a blindfold. A ball gag. Also, I do have some nipple clamps if you're into that, but work me up to that slowly please. Also, I do like it rough, so not a lot is off limits to me, but my safety word is lemon, just in case." She smiled brightly. Kiana and Luke exchanged a knowing look, realizing simultaneously that she really wanted this.

"Mina," Kiana spoke, as if troubled. Luke was worried—he was starting to get turned on by this whole idea, and was really hoping she wasn't going to shut the whole thing down. "I have to ask you a question. Are you on birth control?"

She giggled. "Oh, yes, no worries, I'm on the pill and safe. One thing though—if you want to fuck my ass, I'm totally game, but I'd like you to use a condom this time. It's harder to clean up here, and I really hate ass to mouth, plus it takes forever to get cum out of my ass. If you want to put a load in my backdoor when you come up to visit, I'm totally game, because I have a shower and all that nearby, but I really don't want to waddle down to the showers with cum dripping out of by asshole. Is that okay?" He realized, she was actually asking, and offering him the right to veto. He shook his head to clear it.

"Of course, of course," he volunteered. "Um, so, how do we get started here?"

"Well," she offered, "what do you want me to start doing?"

"Take off your clothes," he said reflexively.

"And put on the leash," Kiana said. Luke glanced over, and noticed a slightly wicked look in her eye.

Mina quickly undressed, and was before them in nothing but a dog collar and the leash shortly. Luke came up to her, inspecting her, and began to run his hands all over her body. Her breasts were literally larger than his head, heavy, soft, and seemed to be way less freckled than the rest of her upper body. They had a certain bit of firmness and ripeness that only youth could bring, with large, sand dollar sized nipples that were reddish and slightly textured areola. He lifted them each, slowly caressing her, playing with each nipple with his thumb, and then bending down to suck each one into his mouth. She moaned a little bit appreciatively. "You can bite them if you want."

"What?"

"Bite my nipples. I enjoy a little bit of pain."

He bent down and took her left nipple lightly between his front teeth, and as she sucked in air quickly, he clamped down a bit more, which shortly had her softly cooing and throwing her head back. He repeated this on the other nipple, and she groaned in appreciation again. 

"What's this?" Kiana asked, holding up a small egg-shaped appliance with a cord and remote.

"Oh, I forgot I have that. It's a vibrating egg. It's made for my pussy, and you can control the speed of the vibrator with the remote."

Kiana positively beamed. "Awesome. I think I just came up with a plan." She came over in front of Mina with the egg in one hand, and grabbed the leash, pulling her down. "You're going to be on your knees for the next hour or two. If you're good, I'll let you cum."

"Yes mistress," Mina obediently responded.

"You're going to get it in every hole. From me and from him. We're going to have you begging us to let you cum. But just remember, if you want to, you'll need to ask first. If you do without our permission, you will be punished."

"Yes mistress."

Luke looked down. She looked impossibly hot with the dog collar on, and though he had never had any fantasies about degrading women or anything similar, he was definitely turned on by the idea that she wanted to be under their control. He reached down and caressed her beautiful, round ass, and noticed that her pussy lips looked a bit puffy. She was getting turned on by this, and they had barely touched her! She pushed back ever so slightly into his hand, and he brought his hand back. He pulled back, giving her left ass cheek a solid smack. The sound startled Kiana a bit, and Mina jumped slightly. "I didn't tell you that you could push back into my hand!" he snapped at her.

"I'm sorry," she replied.

"I'm sorry what?" He brought his hand down on her other ass cheek, just as hard. Her pale skin was starting to turn a little bit pink on the left side.

"I'm sorry master!" 

"Better." He looked down. He saw a small drop of dew like moisture seep out from between her labia. On a hunch, brought his hand down again on each ass cheek. She shrieked in what seemed to be a combination of pain, then pleasure. "Oh my god! You're enjoying this, aren't you?"

"No master." CRACK! 

"Don't lie to me slave."

"I'm sorry master. Please don't beat me again." Kiana noticed the longing in her voice. She came back around, and smacked her hard again on the ass. It was starting to really pink up nicely. On a hunch, she spanked her clit with a bit less force. Mina cried out softly, but her pussy began to run a little bit. Kiana pushed her finger in to her pussy, giving her a few quick strokes, then indicated to Luke that he should replace her fingers. He quickly inserted one, then two fingers in, starting gently for a few seconds, then pushing in rougher and harder, and after a minute he was absolutely hammering her pussy with both fingers. She had started unconsciously humping backwards against his hand, and Luke was enjoying her response, but was brought out of it as Kiana came up behind him and hit her pink ass with the crop. She yelped and froze. 

"I didn't tell you that you could move."

"Yes mistress."

Kiana bent down, gently tracing Mina's now soaking lips. She smoothy inserted the egg into her pussy, then turned it on to high. Mina cried out and her arms and legs buckled briefly, then Kiana quickly shut it off. "Ooh, look Luke, she likes that. You like that, don't you slave?"

"Yes mistress."

"You probably want me to turn it up and keep it going until you cum right here, don't you?"

"Yes mistress." 

Kiana killed the egg. "Yes mistress what?"

"Please mistress, turn it back on and make me cum."

Kiana quickly cranked it back on and turned it up, though only to medium. Mina jolted a bit, but wasn't as abuzz. "Undress him," she barked. Mina crawled over to Luke, carefully removing his shirt, sandals, and finally his kilt. His hard cock sprang free. "Grab his prick, and stroke it slowly as you lick his balls." She took him in her hand, and began her attentions on his length as she gently tongue bathed his balls. "Now suck on his cock. Take it all." Kiana quickly flicked it to high, and she buckled again, but quickly got back up and put her mouth around his length. Luke was both surprised and pleased that, even though she had a bit of trouble getting him completely into her mouth, she didn't seem to want to stop trying. She was gobbling him greedily, and seemed to be loving it, her eyes radiated pure pleasure. "Stop!" Kiana yelled, abruptly flicking the egg off. "You're loving this, aren't you?"

"Yes mistress."

"You're enjoying being our little slut, our fucktoy."

"I love being your slut and toy."

Kiana picked up the smaller dildo, and grabbed a bottle of lube. She lubed it up, and then poured a little dollop on Mina's puckered asshole. She pressed it against her rosebud, pushing in maybe a half and inch, and then blasted the egg up to high for a moment, then abruptly killed it. Luke watched, fascinated, as Mina's anus clenched, then relaxed, allowing her to insert it easier. She repeated this same maneuver, feeding some more into her ass, until she hit the outer ring, then she pulled back, applied a bit more lube, and slowly pushed forward. Mina slowly relaxed, and Kiana took her time, gently working it in and back out, bit by bit, until she hit the inner ring as well and slowly guided past it. As soon as the entire dildo, which had to be at least 8" before the flared base, was buried in her asshole Kiana began working it in and out of her ass slowly, then suddenly stopped. "Who told you that you could stop sucking?"

"Sorry mistress." She moved back forward and readily took Luke's shaft back into her mouth.

"If you slip up like that again, I won't let you cum."

Muffled words came out around Luke's cock. "It's not polite to talk with your mouth full, slut."

"Sorry mistress," she said, removing his cock. "I said please, please let me cum. I need to so bad." 

"Beg harder."

"Mistress please! I'll do anything if you just let me cum!"

"Okay," Kiana said, resuming with the dildo as she turned the egg back up to a medium speed. "But here's the deal. After you cum, I'm going to let Luke use you in whatever way he wants to. And I may have some fun with you too."

"Oh god yes..." 

Kiana quickly picked up the crop and cracked her with it, causing a yelp. "I didn't ask if you wanted that, it wasn't open for your critique!" Kiana began to get a bit rough with the dildo, turning the egg up full blast. Luke backed out of her mouth, wanting to just watch, plus the blow job was getting a bit intense and he didn't want to raise his temperature that much yet. As Kiana worked her over, Mina's arms buckled and her ass was on full display, pink and beautiful and getting fucked absolutely wide open. Finally, Mina let out an ear-piercing howl that lasted for about 20 seconds, as her body began spasming. Her pussy contracted and then gushed so hard that the egg popped out, hitting the floor of the tent with a wet splotchy sound, still vibrating away. Faint tears formed in the corner of her eyes, and she looked up at Kiana first, then at Luke. 

"Thank you mistress. Thank you master. I needed that."

Kiana broke character for a second, turning off the egg, then going over and stroking her face and hair. Luke reached down to attend to her as well, and she begged very softly "Please fuck me. I need to fuck. I'm here so that you can fuck me and use me. I need to get fucked by you. I begged to come here because I want to get fucked by you."
