 Archie

Opening my eyes to the dusk, I can feel my body still remembering the lovemaking of the night, and the sex with Kate and Christine the previous evening. A complete satisfaction seems to dwell all over me, my arms are tingly with memories of touching Kate during the night, my legs remember the feel of the soft sand of the beach as I was pushing into her at the rhythm of the waves. My lips remember her soft, salty kiss. And my cock remembers the sweet tightness of her pulsing pussy each time I made her come. 

Kate is breathing deep next to me, still asleep. I lay on my back as the first rays of the dawn start to creep over the hills. I think about this amazing vacation, and I just can't believe it is all real, and happening to me. Turning to look at Kate next to me, under the same sheet, I watch the curve of her hips and the nice slim waist. She looks beautiful there, her hand on top of the sheet, her nice, thick brown hair spread on the pillow, her beautiful tits pushed together as she is on her side facing me.

This moment, I forget that the vacation will eventually end, that I will need to leave this paradise. Looking at her next to me, feeling the warmth radiating from her, and remembering what we have been through together, I do not think about anything else than this moment. My earlier anxiousness about the coming evening and revealing some of my fantasies is gone. My doubts from yesterday morning about what Kate wants from our trip to the beach now in the past. It is just now, this early dawn and her next to me. A perfect moment, and I want to stretch it as long as it can last.

The morning light is growing outside, and I know that I should wake her up. I turn on the bed and she moves still in her sleep. Taking my hand to her face, I move some locks of her hair and kiss her cheek gently.

'Good morning.' I whisper.

She smiles a little at the touch of my lips, and I can feel her breathing change as she wakes up. She reaches and moves her hand to my chest as if wanting to confirm that I am really there next to her. Her touch feels good, her sleepy warm fingers on my chest.

I kiss her a second time, just on the side of her head, just next to her eyes. Then I kiss her ear, once, twice, then more times. When I reach her earlobe and give it a kiss and a flick of my tongue, I can feel her breathe in deeply and react to my touch. She is awake now.

'Hmh. You are not going to let me sleep any longer, are you?' she finally says as she turns on her back and raises her arms above her head and her delicious lips are now there just wanting to be kissed.

With her arms raised, her breasts are now exposed from under the sheet, perfect, soft, round mounds of her femininity there, and I cannot resist, but take my hand on top of her left tit, and gently touch it, but not touching the nipple. She sighs out in pleasure from my touch. I keep my hand where it is, and kiss her closed eyes. I sense her craving for me to touch her more, to feel my hand all over her body. Briefly I entertain the idea of letting my hand wander down her smooth belly, slowly teasing her with my fingers, and finally touching her there, at the hot intersection of her legs, letting my fingers bring her to another orgasm. But I resist the temptation, I want her to feel the need build up for tonight. I want her to wait for the release this time.

Removing my hand, I sense her disappointment. 'Kate, I want us to wait for tonight.'

She opens her eyes, and her look seems to beg me to make love to her right there, right now. She arcs her back and her tits push against my chest and I almost lose my control. My cock is semi hard. A deep kiss from her and I would lose it, and sink my cock into her faster than one could say "a broken promise". But, I want our release tonight to be all the more sweeter.

I put my hand on her lips. 'Tonight, Kate.'

She looks at me, opens her mouth and takes my finger in her mouth, sucking it, tenderly biting into it and at the same time her tongue is twirling, teasing it.

She can feel my erection now pushing against her hip, and releasing my finger, she smiles at me. 'Such a shame to wait. Are you completely sure?' she asks teasingly.

Her nipples erect, her beautiful body there next to me and her brown hair spread on the pillow, framing her pretty face, I come close to relenting, but I manage to keep my mind.

'Tonight.' I say

'It is hard to wait. I want you.' she answers

'I want you too. But I want to wait for tonight, and I promise it will be worth it.'

'Mmm... Torture. I'll think of a way to pay this back.'

With a final kiss, I think we come to a silent agreement, and after I while I stand up. Her eyes linger on my naked, aroused body as I start on my morning workout.

As I do the thirty slow pushups, I can feel her watching me. Turning to do the abs, I see her on her back, watching my naked body on the floor, her hands are under the sheet, her legs parted. As I realize where her hands are, the final few abs are even harder.

I stand up, start my stretching as Kate's gaze wanders on my skin, with her hands under the sheet, touching herself. Her arms are pushing her breasts together, and her nipples are erect from her arousal. In the morning light coming in the window, I think the sight is the most erotic I can remember.

My manhood seems to agree with Kate, the waiting for tonight is stupid. I do not know how I am able to resist her, but from somewhere deep within me I find the strength. I sit next to her on the bed. Her hands are still under the sheet, her cheeks are blushed. I grab her arms and try to stop her touching herself.

'Kate, please.' I say as I lean in to kiss her.

She answers to my kiss hungrily, and then with a smile on her face, she brings her fingers, wet from her juices on my lips. Her scent is intoxicating, and I cannot help it, I part my lips and she pushes two fingers into my mouth, and I taste her.

I almost black out from tasting her. This is the payback?

My whole body aches to make love to her, have her body open to me, to sink into her, thrust into her and feel her react to my each push with sighs of pleasure. I suck on her fingers and imagine her sweet moist love squeezing my dick as I would slam it into her with as much speed as I could muster.

'Are you totally, totally sure?' she asks teasingly, her fingers still in my mouth, her other hand on her breasts, pushing them up, squeezing them together.

If I was on the brink previously, I think now I must be over the edge, hanging on with fingernails so as not to fall. Slowly, I remember my decision, and I take Kate's wrists, and push her hands above her head.

'Kate, I promise, it will be great tonight. Please? The wait will make it even better.'

I kiss her and finally I sense her really agreeing with me.

'Well, ok then. Maybe you don't find me attractive.' she says with a smile, teasing me still further.

As I hold her hands above her head, her pretty face framed by her brown hair on the pillow, her perfect breasts pushing against me, and the heat of her body almost making me forget my decision to wait, nothing I remember has ever been more beautiful.

'Kate, you are beautiful.'

We kiss once more.

'Well, I guess I better go and prepare breakfast then. I want you to have lots of energy for tonight.' she says eventually with a sigh and mock disappointment in her voice.

A half an hour later, I am sitting in the breakfast table, Kate has finished setting up the table and comes out and sits opposite me.

'Coffee is ready soon. Archie, any plans for today?'

I can sense us both slightly tense still after the morning's events, pent-up energy that normally would have found a release. My thoughts have not really been with today's training.

'Oh, I need to return the rental bike this afternoon, so I was thinking to go and ride some trails before that.'

'Sounds nice. But take care that you do not exhaust yourself! Where do you plan to go?'

We look at the map again together and some of the trails I have picked and printed out before my trip. As I look at the printouts, I vaguely remember printing them at home. I was excited at the trip to Cyprus, and all the nice cycling roads and trails and the nice weather. But little did I know how exciting this vacation really would become.

As we look at the map, we can hear Julien and Christine come downstairs also for breakfast. Christine comes to give me a hug and a brief kiss.

'Good morning, Archie!'

'Good morning. Did you sleep well?' I ask.

They sit down on the usual places. Christine sits next to Kate and Julien sits next to me.

'Not so good. I woke up a few times in the night. I am so sad that we have to leave tomorrow. This is our last day here with you.'

'I am a little sad too.' I answer truthfully.

'But we still have tonight! I hope you have not forgotten what you promised last night? You will share some of your fantasies?'

With all that was happened since last night, this was not on the top of my mind, but I had not forgot. Part of me is waiting to tell them my deepest erotic fantasies, and another part of me is a little scared. What will they think? Can I really reveal myself so totally to them? I think I need some time alone before tonight to gather my thoughts and to prepare what I am going to share and what not.

'No, I haven't forgotten it.'

'And you also, Kate?' she asks Kate.

'Yes, well, I can do it also.' Kate says, 'But to tell you the truth, my fantasies have already been fulfilled mostly. I will think of some small thing maybe. But looking at Archie, I get the feeling that he has some interesting stuff to share.'

Everyone is now focused at me. I agree, I have stuff that I have not shared with them. One of my fantasy was to make love to a beautiful woman with her husband also making love to her. Another fantasy we lived last night. But these were Christine's fantasies, and she shared them with us, the fact that they were also my desires... I did not have to share my thoughts, so it was a lot easier. The thought of telling them some of my deepest desires feels difficult. I look at each of them. Even when we have known each other so little time, only a few days, I think they can somehow, maybe from my silence, sense that I do have something inside me, some things that I never in my wildest dreams thought I would ever had a chance to try out. Which is true.

'Yes, I have some... ideas.' I finally say. 'But I need some time today to... find a correct way to tell to you about them.'

'Archie, I know, it is hard to tell others about your desires. But please, I did it, I told you. So I hope you can do it also?' Christine says.

'Yes, I promise to try tonight.'

'Great! I cannot wait!'

Kate and Julien agree with Christine, and Kate goes to fetch the coffee.

The rest of the breakfast is more normal, we just enjoy the possibility to eat outside, enjoy the fresh fruit and excellent coffee, and chat about what we are going to do during the day. I think each and every one of us is waiting eagerly for the evening. As we finish, we help Kate take the dishes and food to the kitchen and agree to meet up back at the guesthouse in the evening when the sun goes down.

Two hours later, I am on my bike and climbing towards the mountain summit again. The finality of the need to return the bike later today makes me feel like the vacation is coming to an end soon, even if I still have couple of days here without the bike.

Though the effort of pedaling is keeping my anxiety about the coming evening away, I can feel it looming in the background. But just at this moment, the wonderful feeling of strain on my legs and shortness of breath is capturing me totally. The lactic acid burns in my muscles, giving me the familiar endorphin high that I need almost daily.

The scenery on the trail is again awesome. I started the ride again near Trimiklini, but now I take a smaller, partly unsurfaced road and another route to the summit. Sun is on my back, it is warm, but not too hot, but the pedaling is making me sweat.

I stop to gather my breath as I reach the top of the hill and the road starts to snake down back into a valley. Taking a chunk out of a sports bar and a sip of drink I feel my body recover from the effort, as I lean to the handlebars and listen to the silence around me. It is so wonderful here. The silent hills of the Cyprus countryside basking in the heat of the pre-noon sun. A small whiff of a wind makes the air cooler. I cannot hear a single car.

The amazing thing about people is that it is so easy to forget. Right now, the everyday life back home feels so distant. The morning wakeup, increasing darkness of the coming Nordic winter months, work in the office in front of computer screen. It all feels so distant as the sun is warm on my skin and the gentle breeze is in the air. And the painful thing is, even this vacation will end. As much and as amazing things as this vacation has offered me, I know that when I return back home, this vacation will also eventually become just a memory.

Still, I think the things we have done together with Kate, Christine and Julien will be etched to my mind longer and sharper. I think back at the very first night, hearing Christine and Julien make love in the next room. And then the next night, when they invited me to watch, and I watched Julien make love to Christine in front of me. I remember Christine reaching out to me and touching me and then pulling me inside her mouth. And the next night was even more amazing. And yesterday, with the trip to the beach and then what happened back at the house.

I smile to myself and shake my head in disbelief as I remember the previous days. How can this have happened to me? How could I get to make love to two so beautiful women as Kate and Christine.

All I know that I want to give them what they wished. I want the last night together with Christine to be special, and she clearly wanted me to divulge some of my fantasies.

My fears seem to lift a little. I have made a decision and I will share with them. The decision made, I think I have cooled down enough, so I hop back on the bike and start off again.

The route takes me around a big circle and up another direction to the Troodos summit. This time I stop only briefly on the village at the top, I have seen it already and the climb was not that steep this time. I do want to see the Kaledonia waterfall though, which is on the way down to Trimiklini.

The falls are one or two kilometers off the main road, but it takes just a moment with the mountain bike. There are some other cars parked and I can hear some tourists in the distance. It is not rainy season, so the waterfalls probably aren't that huge at the moment and true enough, I can hear only a small sound of falling water in the distance. The surrounding forest is nice and lush, and suddenly it almost seems as we have been transported to another, not as arid island, maybe somewhere in the Pacific Ocean. I can see the waterfall in the distance through the trees.

I walk carefully in my cycling shoes on the slippery rocks. The waterfall is beautiful, but without a doubt it would look magnificent if there had been more rain. Anyway the place is nice and tranquil, and with a peaceful atmosphere.

I don't linger long, with my bike clothes I seem a bit out of place, I just wanted to see the place. Hopping on the bike I pedal back to the main road and start the long downhill to the car, taking care the first few hundred meters as there is now mud on the wheels. As I turn left to the main road, I realize that these are the last times I will pedal here because next twenty kilometers are all downhill. But the two hours biking today was enough for my legs, so it is not an unhappy feeling.

On the way back from the ride, I return the bike to the rental place. I ask them about the possibility to combine a rent of a MTB and a roadbike, and they say it is possible. Maybe I will do it next time if I ever come back here to ride.

If I ever come back? I have never been to cycle same place twice before, and usually I always plan my cycling holidays to visit a new place and new climbs. But I now realize that there is something else here that would definitely be a huge temptation to return. Kate.

What is she thinking about our "thing" together? Is she only having fun for a few nights, or would she be welcoming me again if I would return? I want to believe the latter, but I am not sure.

Thinking about this triggers my mind full of doubts again for the coming evening. What if my fantasies turn them off, or they find them offensive? If I tell them, will I risk their friendship or even Kate's desire?

I drive back to the guesthouse and park the car. Walking back into the house I see that Kate's car is around back but Julien and Christine still have not arrived. It is siesta time, so Kate might also be taking a nap, which actually sounds a really good idea. I go into my room quietly.

I wake up from my nap some time later. The sun is already dropping towards the hills and the hotness of the afternoon is fading. The already familiar feeling of the approaching mediterranean evening is in the air.

I lie in the bed with my mind spinning, all the years of fantasizing about different erotic things, and now, here, soon I would need to tell others what I fantasize about. The thought of sharing my deepest desires is scary, but at the same time I understand that the realization of those fantasies cannot happen without me revealing them.

I understand now that to gain some, to be able to realize one's fantasies, one has to give some, one has to be ready to conquer one's inhibitions and fears, and be ready to share. I got the first realized fantasy for free, with Christine having to do all the emotional investment in asking me to fulfill her fantasy.

Is it easier here, where we are so detached from our everyday lives? The fact that we are on vacation, in a place where we have never been before, surrounded by people we haven't met before, does it make it easier to share something so profound as one's erotic dreams? I think it must. Somehow it does not seem as risky to do it here as back home. Sharing to strangers is like a insurance, if it all goes horribly wrong, you do not have to face them for the rest of your life and be ashamed.

I stand up, and dress in shorts and a shirt, and pop open a cold beer, and go sit outside in the terrace. Sun is painting the opposite hill to the east a warm shade of orange. On the lounger I look to the setting sun and think about tonight and what I am going to tell the others.

I hear the door to the other room open and quiet steps walking behind me. Christine. She bends and kisses my cheek from behind.

'Hi Archie!'

'Hi Christine.' I answer.

'I am not bothering you?'

'Not at all, please, take a seat.' She takes the next lounger next to me, I offer to fetch her a beer or a cider, but she says no thanks and we stare into the orange sky together silently for a while.

'Archie, I hope that I have not pressured you with this sharing your fantasies stuff.' she says finally and still looks at the sunset.

I turn to look at her. 'No, not at all. It is just, I understand now how you felt the first time when you asked me. It takes courage to share something like this. But I am happy that you did it.'

She turns to look at me and takes my hand. 'I am happy too.'

After a minute she continues 'Archie, the reason I wanted you to share, it is because it was so wonderful with you, to realize my fantasy. I was so scared to ask before, and when I did it and we made love, it was so great. So, I wanted you to feel the same, to get the same fulfilment.'

I don't know what to say to this, so I just look her in her eyes and squeeze her hand.

'And, I admit, I am a bit curious and selfish. I want to know more about you, about what you would desire, and I want to feel how it feels to help you realize your dreams. And we have so little time left together.'
