 Note to readers: The story is posted to [group sex] because most of the earlier chapters featured Group activities. This chapter doesn't, this one is strictly one on one. If you are not familiar with earlier chapters of the story, please visit them, votes and comments are welcome. Chapter 5 had male anal penetration from strap-ons, so if that is offensive to you, do not read it. The story switches between Archie and Kate point of views, so bear with me. I wanted to switch between persons (which was also done in ch04) for the ending to be as I wanted it. 

Good reading, hope you enjoy it! (and thanks for everyone who voted and commented on the earlier stories!) 

***** 

Archie 

Standing outside the house, we wave with Kate as Christine and Julien drive away. Watching them get into the car, the last hug and kiss with Christine, the last shake of hands with Julien, it all now reminded me of my own departure soon to come. So I have all the more reasons to feel a bit melancholy this beautiful morning. 

Even though we all knew this moment would come, the moment where we would have to say goodbye, the breakfast this morning was still a bit difficult for all of us. At least for me, each time I looked at Christine, I could not help feeling a twinge of sadness come over me. Meeting her, making love to her these past few days was an experience that would stay with me for a long time. My eyes drink her beauty for those last few moments in the breakfast table, and I know I am staring a bit but I don't really care. 

I am trying to figure out what I felt for her. From the very first night we made love, I think I felt perfectly at ease with her, and I think we sort of found the same wavelength, same vibe. At the same time, and especially knowing she is married to Julien, I did not get the feeling of actual love. Desire, and great companionship, certainly, but not really anything going beyond deep friendship. I admired her courage in revealing herself to us and also her thoughtfulness and empathy. To find a friend in a week and then to lose her, I think that is what is making me sad right now. 

Of course, we couldn't depart without exchanging phone numbers and emails, and promises to be in touch. Still, there is a nagging doubt in my mind how deep such promises turn out to be. Would we remember to write when we all find ourselves back in our normal lives? For myself, I hope so. But I don't know yet how it will turn out. Certainly I would hope to be able to write to them, talk to them or visit them later some time. 

I try not to think about the other thing that is making me feel sad. I have my hand around Kate as we stand on the driveway of the house. The thoughts of my having to leave back home tomorrow evening return as I hold her. I think both of us are now thinking the same thing. We have only today, tonight and tomorrow left. 

The morning sun is bright and the day is promising to be a nice warm one. The rays of the sun on my skin seem to charge me up with positive thoughts, breaking my downcast mood. Two more days with Kate! And, one more night... 

'Archie, do you want one more cup of coffee?' she asks me as the car has driven out of sight down the driveway. 

'Sounds good.' 

We walk back down to the breakfast table on the terrace and Kate goes to the kitchen to grind the coffee and put the water on the boil. 

Rather than think about the little time we have together I want to just enjoy these last moments I have here. Sitting in the shade, morning breeze not quite warm but not quite cool, not a cloud in the sky. I want my mood to be as bright as the day is promising to be. 

Kate brings out the coffee pot, two cups and a small jug of milk. As we sip on the rich brew in silence, I think we are both trying to avoid the thoughts of the unavoidable parting of our ways that is approaching. I start to think about something that would occupy our minds for today, to take our minds off my departure tomorrow. 

'Do you have anything you must do at the house today Kate, or any errands?' I ask Kate. 

'Nothing that cannot wait until next week, or Saturday.' 

'There was one something I had in mind that could be fun. I would like to see if there is a place that rents motorcycles. I saw some guys riding some nice bikes the other day and the roads are so great so I thought maybe if there is a place to rent them maybe I could rent one, just for a day.' 

'Sounds like fun. You know, I have not rented a bike here, but I had a guest do it once, and I checked and I think there is a couple places that do rent out bikes.' 

'You have ridden a motorcycle before?' I ask. 

'Actually, I owned a bike when I was living in the UK.' Kate answers. 

I am a little surprised at this. Kate does not strike me as a motorcycle type of person. I ask her what kind of bike she had. 

'Oh, it was a 250 cc Kawasaki, I was young then. But I have to warn you, the bikes they have for rent here are not so fancy. You do not see any superbikes or anything like it, I think the sportiest they have for rent are 700 cc Honda transalps.' 

I guess the Ducatis that the guys were riding the other day were not rentals then. I sigh, it would have been nice to ride a real sport bike, but probably a less aggressive bike suits me just fine too. 

'Archie, I would actually love to go for a ride with you. Would you mind if we both rent a bike for today?' Kate asks. 

'That would be awesome!' I answer her. I was expecting to ride alone, and just enjoy the twisty mountain roads and the perfect riding weather, but to have more time together with Kate at the same time, it is just great. 

'Great! Let's go and check out from the computer where the place is. I think it is actually not that far to drive there.' 

We looked up the place and Kate called them to confirm they had bikes and gear available. It seems that the biggest tourist rush is already over so they have not so many customers so we could just show up and pick the bike we liked. 

Since it is already getting close to 10 am, we hurry to get ready and after 15 minutes we are driving towards the place near Paphos. In the car we chat about my bikes, I have had several different kind back home. A 750 cc sport bike, a cruiser and then a weird but nice air cooled Yamaha Bulldog. I have not been riding that long, about 10 years and not so many miles, so maybe it is better not to have a sporty bike like a Ducati under me. 

At the shop we are greeted by a young sales guy, Andreas, who apparently is the one Kate was on the phone with. Andreas is nice and friendly and shows all the available bikes to us. We also need some riding gear, and these are available too. I try on a jacket and a helmet, I am going to ride in my jeans. Kate decides to rent also some leather riding pants. 

Andreas is helping me to choose a correct size helmet as Kate steps out from the ladies dressing room with the tight black leather pants on. The black leather is really hugging her long, shapely legs. She stops in front of the mirror to look at herself. Andreas and I are just staring at her now. The pants are tight around her pretty ass, and we cannot help but to admire the view. A few seconds later we notice that Kate is looking at us at the mirror, smiling, seeing us looking at her. Andreas is quick to turn his look away, but I continue to look at Kate. She looks really sexy in that tight leather. 

The shop has some cruisers and a large selection of off-road bikes, but no real sports bikes. They have a 700cc Honda Transalp and a 650 cc Yamaha bike with smooth tires for tarmac use. We settle for them. 

Just as we are about to wrap everything up, Kate mentions that she actually lives on the island, and isn't a tourist. Andreas stops to think for a while and asks if we could wait for a minute, and steps into the back room to apparently make a phone call. I look at Kate, wondering what her living on the island has to do with our renting the bikes. She seems as mystified as I am. We can hear Andreas on the phone but he is speaking in Greek. 

After only a minute he comes back. 

'OK, since one of you is living on the island, we have two special bikes available, if you are interested.' he says to us. 

Kate and me look at each other for a second and nod. 

'Sure we are interested. What kind of bikes are these?' Kate asks. 

'Special bikes, I can show you. But, special bike rent a little higher price. The normal bike rent for a day is 32 euro a day, minimum rental 3 days, you want just two days, return bikes tomorrow?' 

'Yes, I my flight back is tomorrow, so we would return bikes tomorrow afternoon.' 

'Ok. For this I checked with our manager, this time we can do 2 day rent for the normal price 32 euro per day. But for special bikes, they cost a little more. But you want to see the bikes first.' 

Andreas invites us to follow him. He opens a door on the side of the main room and we follow him through the workshop where they wash and maintain the bikes. There is one mechanic working on a big cruiser bike, doing an oil change, he looks up as we walk past. I nod to him and he nods back. 

Andreas leads us to the back of the maintenance room and stops at an unmarked door. 

'Special bikes only for Cypriot residents.' he says with his hand on the door handle. 

He opens the door, but the room is all dark with black interior. I look at Andreas, then at Kate. Andreas gestures us to enter. Kate steps into the room and I follow. 

Now when I am in the room, my eyes start to make out the shape of two bikes in front of us. Andreas closes the door behind us and then he switches on the lights. 

Wow. 

In front of us stands two menacing bikes that seem to ooze speed even standing still. The bike on the left is fire red, and as my eyes linger on the beautiful streamlined body, I spot the numbers 848 and know it is a Ducati. The bike on the right, a combination of white and black and red, I do not recognize. It has letters F3 on the side, but I do not instantly recognize the brand of the bike. Kate is also looking at the bikes, and Andreas is standing back, letting us have the moment to admire at the shop's treasures. 

We step closer, and as I gravitate towards the sensual figure of the red Ducati, Kate instinctively moves toward the other bike. The Ducati is just beautiful, the front of the bike low slung, the two driving lights looking like the eyes of a bird of prey, the narrow red sides covering the desmosedici masterpiece hidden in the heart of the red-tube-frame. 

Kate is already standing next to the other bike and I turn to look at it. Now I spot the small text on the side of the tank. MV Agusta. 

I have a feeling we are looking at two pretty expensive bikes. Turning to look at Andreas, who is still standing by the door, apparently feeling proud at his shop's hidden gems, I ask him about the rent for these special bikes. 

'For the Ducati, 120 euro a day, for the Agusta, 150 euro a day.' 

That is a lot if we have to take the bikes for two days, and looking at Kate I see that she is thinking the same. Then I ask if we could just rent them for today, return at the closing of the shop. Andreas takes out his cell phone and calls the manager again. I look at Kate and she is nodding to me, if they are ok just taking these babies out for a few hours, she is game. 

Andreas hangs up the call. 'Yes, we can do it. We close at 6 pm. You are back around 5.30 pm it is ok.' 

Awesome! 

We go back to the main shop, and on our way back Andreas says something to the mechanic. 

'Nicolaos will bring the bikes up front for you.' he says to us. 

We finish up the rental agreement and when we step out of the shop, me in my jacket and my full face helmet in hand, Kate in her gorgeous leather pants and a matching tight black leather jacket, the Ducati and the Agusta are waiting for us in front. 

Andreas walks us through the controls of the bikes and starts them up. The Ducati starts up and sounds angry, the revs jumping instantly up before settling to a lumpy cold idle. The bike sounds like some huge feline cat, a panther or a mountain lion, that has been woken too early from her sleep. The Agusta roars awake with similar cacophony, the revs ripping through our bodies. 

Andreas reminds us that we should let each bike warm up for a few minutes before driving, and also reminds us that they are equipped with a GPS data logger and he can check later that we haven't over revved them or taken them to dirt roads. The deductible on the bikes was huge, so we definitely want to return these bikes in perfect shape. 

With the two bikes idling in front of us, it is as if they are some kind of sleeping animals, maybe big sleeping cats, purring there in the noon sun, aware of us but conscious of their own power. I stepping closer to the Ducati, I feel slightly scared of it, but at the same time the expectation of riding the beautiful thing is making my heart beat faster. 

Kate walks to the Agusta and with a flash of those tight leather pants, sits on it. As she bends forward to reach for the handlebars, the leather stretches even tighter. Suddenly it is very difficult to watch anywhere else than at the back of her bike. I feel something stirring in my jeans. I wonder what Andreas makes of all this. 

'Come on Archie, these pants are really hot here in the sun, let's go!' she says. 

I have to agree. The pants are incredible. 

I get on my bike. The Ducati feels light between my legs, and I can feel the vibrations from the idling engine. Reaching for the handlebars it feels like I am putting on a tight glove. I try the throttle. 

'BWAAAAPRRRP!' 

I manage not to jump. The way the revs explode from the slightest movement of the throttle is exhilarating. I look at Andreas who is grinning next to us. 

'Have a nice ride, ride safe!' he says. 

I turn to look at Kate who is ready to go. 

'I have an idea where to go. Follow me?' she says, and without waiting for me to answer, takes off. 

I tap on the shift pedal and the first gear clunks home, then I try the clutch, feeling for the bite point. Carefully just a little throttle and I am moving. 

The rental agency has a short access road, and I try the gearshift and clutch, and the feeling of the throttle, still keeping the revs below five thousand. The bike feels again like a big cat, still sleepy, but now moving. Even with revs this low I can feel the power of the engine. 

Kate is waiting at the intersection, eager to get out on the bigger road and really explore the performance of the Agusta. I stop next to her and nod, ready to go. 

She nods back to me and checking for traffic, turns right. I follow her. 

With an empty road, Kate accelerates the Agusta hard and in seconds she is just a small dot in the horizon. I check my mirrors for traffic and click down a gear and with the revs at 5 thousand, turn my right wrist for more. 

It is as if the cat within the bike opens her eyes and stretches. The bike pulls hard and I have to hold on the handlebars tighter. In an instant the tach reads nine thousand and we are already doing more than a hundred kilometers an hour, I back off the throttle and click up two gears. I would love to take the bike higher but I fear my abilities and the public road don't really allow for it. I felt the front wheel pulling off the ground even when the throttle was not fully open. Scary, but fun at the same time. 

Kate has slowed down, and soon I catch her up. I wave to her and she waves back. 

The road leads to the freeway, and we accelerate hard again on the onramp, I don't have time to look at the speedo, but the cars doing 120 on the freeway suddenly start to go backwards fast. We back off again and get on the left lane, with Kate in front and me tailing her at 15 meters. The wind is buffeting a bit, but the driving position is so low that worst of it is going above my head. 

Kate stays on the freeway for ten minutes and then I spot her put the blinkers on to get off on the next exit. I suspect we are heading for the mountain roads! Excellent! 

The houses thin out and as we leave the 40 km/h limited area and start to climb toward the Troodos. The road starts to weave left and right, slow second gear corners and occasional straight with good visibility. The surface is good, if in places slightly rough. There are no other cars in sight. 

I get more familiar with the Ducati, and the feeling of exiting a corner and turning on the throttle and knowing how forcefully the bike will pull on my hands is exciting. Kate is enjoying the Agusta the same way, exiting corners which have uninhibited visibility faster and faster. Still, she always waits for me to catch up. As we have spent a half an hour on the bikes and are familiar with the explosive violence of the acceleration, we continue riding but seem to find an understanding of dialing down the speed a notch. We begin to ride a bit slower as the road rises to the forested area, I am closer to Kate now, just a couple of bike lengths behind her. With the way she places the bike and always seems to brake just enough for the corners, she appears to know the road pretty well. 

The road is now twistier, with barely fifty meter straights between each corner, sometimes the corners turn impossibly far. The road climbs more steeply, and there are walls of rock and concrete as the road appears to try to cross onto itself. Part of me is thinking that this road would have been fun to climb on the bicycle, and another part of me is thankful for the power of the engine between my legs, pulling me up the mountain with such ease. 

The way our bikes move from corner to corner starts to feel like a dance. The machines tilt into one corner, then a twist of the throttle and we are both speeding into the next turn of the road in the green tunnel of the pine trees flashing by. The rhythm of me and Kate on the bikes, accelerating and braking, the feeling of the g-forces in the corners, the lean of our bikes, it is like our motions are synchronized. I have perfect sight of Kate's beautiful butt in those leather pants as she moves on the bike, but I have to remind myself not to fixate on her curves so as not to forget the curves that matter more just now, the ones on the road. 

We are climbing high now, and the pine trees start to be further from each other, the forest thinning out, revealing glimpses of the hilly scenery and the sea in the foggy horizon. The grey, foggy horizon morphs seamlessly to the deep blue sky. There isn't a cloud in sight. 

Just as I am wondering how such a road can be so deserted, Kate raises her hand to indicate something, and then she slows down and pulls off the road onto a wide area which offers views of the hills and the sea in the distance. I stop next to her. We let the bikes idle for a moment and take our helmets off. Breathing the mountain air, I look at Kate, and as the bikes have cooled down a bit, we turn them off. They start to tick and cool down in the sudden silence. Kate puts back her glasses, which she took off before taking off the helmet. 

'Just, wow. That was pretty awesome ride.' I say. 

'Wasn't it? As soon as we agreed to rent bikes, I instantly thought of this road. I used to ride this years ago a lot when we lived closer to the mountains, and the road is always empty, and it always seemed to me the perfect road for bikes like these.' 

'Well, you sure were not wrong.' 

I struggle to put my earlier thoughts of the drive seeming like a dance to words. 

'It was... kind of an unreal feeling, following you. I sort of fell into a trance, turning into the corners with you, braking, accelerating, all at the same time with you. It was kind of like we were dancing.' 

'I know.' she answers. 'I would like to try with you leading, but I know the road a lot better.' 
