 Barbara's text message came across my cell phone just as I was getting ready to leave work. It said, "Don't forget about the wine tasting tonight." 

"Damn," I said out loud. I had indeed completely forgotten about it. 

I'd learned about it a few weeks earlier when we were both in our kitchen at home on our computers. I was in the middle of doing something important on-line when my wife Barbara asked if I was interested in going to a wine tasting that she'd gotten an email invite to. I was concentrating on what I was doing and said, "Sure. If it works with the calendar, let's do it." 

Barbara kept on talking while I remained focused. "I've haven't heard of these people, but it looks interesting, different. I've never seen an offer like this before." 

"If it looks good to you, I'm sure it will be fun." I replied still typing away at the computer. 

"It's being held at some kind of day spa," she said. 

"Hmmm," I answered, not really paying attention. 

"The email said it was a private event, by invite only. I wonder how I got it," she went on. 

"Don't know," I was almost finished. 

"Our schedule is open, and if you say so, we'll go." Barbara said. 

"Ok," I answered distractedly. 

"There. Done." I heard her click the mouse, obviously sending a reply to the electronic invite. 

At the same time I finished what I was doing, ended my on-line session, and closed my laptop. "Let me see what you got." 

Barbara rotated her computer to face me so that I could see the invitation. Beautiful, cursive font floated over a satiny red and undulating background. It read: 

You and your special guest are invited to a Medb Wine Club wine tasting. This is a very exclusive, private event, for highly select invitees only. We are looking forward to your participation and hope that you will be able to come. RSVP via the link below. 

Savoir a selection of mouth watering red and white wines. Each luscious one has been chosen to delight you and arouse your senses. There will be light hors d'oeuvres paired with each wine, enough to satisfy, but not slow you down. Delectable entertainment is, as always available, for your pleasure. The guest list has been refined taking into account everyone's appetites and preferences. It promises to be an enchanting evening of indulgence. 

Dress - As you feel most comfortable 

Time - 7:00 pm 

Location - Minji's 

RSVP 

The RSVP link was in blue, and below that was additional text in a plain typeface. 

The address of Minji's Ta Diseu Day Spa is on Google Maps or Mapquest. Hope to see you there. 

"That's an unusual invitation," I said. 

"That's what I said. You weren't listening were you?" Barbara huffed. 

I chose to ignore her very accurate accusation. "I didn't see any price on this. I hope it's not too expensive." 

"I didn't even notice that," Barbara said. 

"I'm not the only one who wasn't paying attention," I poked her playfully in the ribs. "The way the whole thing is worded, it's as if it's addressed to people who already know about this Medb Club thing. The line at the bottom, describing where 'Minji's' is looks like it's been added on to what otherwise is probably a group email." 

"Yeah, I see what you mean. Weird," my wife said. 

There was something about the wording of the invitation that also seemed odd to me too. I couldn't put my finger on it, but I'd never read any type of advertisement for a wine tasting quite like that. It was as if there was more to the event than what it seemed; something that only those who were part of the "club" knew about. A prickle ran up my spine. 

"Let's go any way," Barbara said. "Something tells me it's going to really be special. Besides it's just a wine tasting." 

Another tingle ran up my spine when she said that. 

Weeks went by and as busy as we both were, neither one of us talked any more about it. In fact, I'd obviously forgotten about it completely and if Barbara hadn't sent me the text reminder, I would have gone to the gym like I usually do for some after work exercise. Barbara and I have been married for a number of years and our first date had been at the gym. Regular exercise and fitness are part of our lives. Our friends often commented how we looked substantially younger than our over 40 year-old selves. We lead very active, on-the-go lives, traveling, hiking, horseback riding, being outdoors, all possible because we are healthy and strong. That vigor also enhances our sex life together. As much as we like to explore the world around us, we also explore and experiment with our world of physical pleasure. There wasn't much that we hadn't tried and enjoyed. The running joke between us was: if it doesn't land us in jail or in the ER, we'll try it ... and we had. 

Barbara's text reminder about the wine tasting made me drop the gym bag full of workout clothes I'd picked up. I stuffed it back under my desk to use another day and scooped up my car keys at the same time I lifted my cell phone. "On my way home now. Be there soon," I texted back to her. 

My phone chimed seconds later as Barbara's reply came through. "You forgot, didn't you?" 

My wife can read me like a book. I had no secrets with her and that is one of the things I absolutely love about our relationship; we are one-hundred percent open with each other. I trust her completely, and never worry that my faults, hang-ups or even my kinks will lessen our deep connection with each other. As much as I trust her with my feelings, she can also trust me with hers. Despite Barbara's petite size, she is very big woman on the inside. Her emotions and passions run very deep. She is strong both physically and spiritually; a leader and not one afraid to act the part. Unlike some of my male friends, I do not find her strength threatening in any way. I love it when she reveals her intense passions. And when she chooses to act out her more domme tendencies and kinks with me, I not only let her, but encourage her. So I knew there was no point denying Barbara's allegation. 

"Yep," I typed back. 

My phone chimed immediately. "Bad boy! I might just have to punish you a bit for that later." 

I smirked at her mischievous taunt. "Promises promises." As I began walking to my car I felt a stirring in my loins. 

Ding, my phone buzzed again. "I'm getting all ready for you...bad boy" 

What had been a faint stirring, rapidly progressed as blood rushed to my groin. My cock began to grow. 

My fingers flew over the phone's keyboard as I typed my reply. "Do tell." I'd gotten to my car and was glad to slide inside so I could readjust my swelling cock without everyone else in the parking lot seeing me do so. 

Barbara's reply came a bit slower. "I'm pulling the purple g-string you love up my trembling legs. It barely covers my smooth, pussy. Oh dear, I'm getting wet and that tiny bit of satiny fabric is sliding between my swollen and aching pussy lips." 

I groaned. Barbara's teasing was having exactly the effect on me that I knew she wanted. I was at full mast, my cock straining against my pants. I shifted in the car seat, trying to find a comfortable position that I knew wasn't going to be possible. 

My phone chimed with another text from my wife. "I've tried on three different bras, but none of them cover my throbbing, hard nipples. I guess that I shouldn't have pulled and tugged on them so much. But I was getting all hot and bothered thinking about how I was going to punish you. I just couldn't help myself." 

A vision of her rigid nipples crowning her 34 DD breasts flooded my mind. I reached for the zipper of my pants, intending to free my aching rod. 

Another text arrived. "I know you're just dying to stroke that glorious dick of yours thinking about how turned on and hot I am and how badly I want to mount you, slide my hot wet pussy down your aching pole. Feel free to please yourself, caress your rolling balls, wrap your fingers around your hard shaft, jerk yourself and moan in the privacy of your car." Like I said, she can read me like a book. "But don't you dare cum. I want all of that for myself, every last drop!" 

I groaned out loud and took my hand away from my pants. I knew that if I began touching myself thinking about my sexy wife, that I'd probably not be able to stop short of an orgasm. I turned the ignition and started the engine. 

My phone chimed yet again. "Poor boy. I'll bet your bursting with frustration. Your cock is probably aching, throbbing, tenting your pants the way I love. You'd probably like to jerk off and shoot your load, your glorious cum splashing out of that hard dick. But you know what I want don't you? And I know that you'll give your hot, wet wife what she wants...Won't you?" 

I twisted in my seat desperate to find some kind of semi-comfortable position. 

"Won't you?" The words flashed across my phone's screen. 

"Hell yes!" I texted back then silenced my phone. I knew that I'd never get out of the parking deck if I didn't stop reading my wife's erotic taunts. I carefully buckled the seatbelt across the bulge in my lap, and dropped the car in gear. 

Images of my amazing wife dressed as she'd described filled my head on the drive back home. I don't remember exactly how I got there, but my fantasies along the way were great. 

"Up here," Barbara called to me as I came in from the garage. "Still getting ready." 

It takes me about thirty to forty minutes to get home from work and Barbara is not one to dawdle over anything. I couldn't understand how she could still be getting her clothes on. 

I walked into our bedroom. Barbara was sitting on the edge of the bed. The drawer of her bedside table where we keep our sex toys hung partly open. She had a smirk on her face. 

"I had a bit of a problem that I really had to take care of. So it took me a little longer than I expected," she said. "Would you please hang these up to dry before you put them in the hamper." Barbara handed me several pair of underwear. They were all wet and the aroma of her sex wafted powerfully upward from the lingerie. 

I rubbed the damp fabric between my fingers enjoying the feel. "I can tell that you had a 'problem'. I hope that you were able to solve it," I said. 

Barbara closed the nightstand drawer. "Well, I took care of the immediate crisis, but it's going to take a lot more than latex and batteries to really solve it." She stood up and smoothed her skirt down. "I'm counting on your help with that later on." 

"More than happy to help one in need," I quipped back. 

"You should know that thanks to you, I'm completely out of clean undies. I'm going to have go without tonight. I hope that won't be a problem for you." Barbara brushed past me as she headed toward our bathroom. She rubbed the bulge in my pants that had begun growing again as I thought about my wife's naked pussy under her skirt and her obvious masturbatory release before I'd gotten home. 

"Thanks to me?!" I protested. "You were the one sexting me." 

"I didn't say it was your fault. I just said I was going to blame you." Barbara began putting on her makeup. She leaned over the counter to the mirror above the sink. As she did, her skirt pulled across her tight butt and she wiggled it back and forth enticingly. "Besides, if you hadn't been a bad boy, I wouldn't have had to think about punishing you, and I wouldn't have gotten all worked up." 

"Oh, I see now." 

"Good. I'm glad you see it my way. Who knows what I would have had to do otherwise." She glanced over at me and licked her lips. 

Barbara was clearly in a lusty mood, just the kind I loved. Her passion was running very high and past experience told me that our night was going to be filled with some wild sex. I was regretting the wine tasting that we'd committed to. 

"You know," I began. "We can skip the wine event if you'd like. I'm sure that we can find something else to do instead." I stroked my hands across her hips and over her butt. I could feel that she was naked under her skirt. 

"No way." Barbara said. "There are luscious reds and whites to consume. And the invite promised that our evening would be filled with indulgence. I don't want to miss out on any of that." She rocked her butt back into my hand and wiggled it again. "I picked out what I want you to wear tonight. It matches my outfit and my appetite." 

My heart skipped a beat. Early in our sexual relationship together, Barbara had gotten rid of most of my boxer shorts and replaced them with low cut bikini briefs. "They enhance the package," Barbara had said. I did like wearing them, especially because doing so kept me thinking about the fantastic sex life that we had. She had also encouraged me to trim back my pubic hair, and I'd eventually stripped it all off so that my cock and balls were completely bare. The combination of bare skin and skimpy underwear was a heady mixture that I'd come to really enjoy. Barbara had also purchased what she called special underwear for me, from an on-line site. The g-strings, thongs, slings and c-ring cock socks were very accurately described them as "maximum exposure". All of them felt great on my bare skin and when I wore them kept me in a state of near constant arousal. When she said that she'd picked out my clothes, I knew that I'd be wearing some of that exotic underwear. My cock began to stiffen. It was going to feel like an eternity at that wine tasting with me wearing a snug cock sock or thong knowing that Barbara's bare pussy would be just out of reach under her skirt. I could only hope that the wine tasting would be over quickly. 

"I don't care what else you put on. Just be sure that you wear what I set out for you," Barbara said as I entered our walk-in closet to change. 

As I'd anticipated, laying on top of my dresser was a tiny bit of thin, black fabric. I remembered that the on-line catalogue called it an "extreme c-ring sock". It was a sleeve of translucent fabric that fit snugly over my cock and cradled my balls and was held in place by a narrow elastic waistband. There was nothing else to it. The material was sturdy enough to pull my "goods" forward so that they pressed against whatever pants I'd wear. Thankfully it was also stretchy so that the hardon that I'd knew was inevitable had plenty of room. The resulting bulge in my slacks would be obvious to everyone. When Barbara was in the kind of mood she was that night, she enjoyed showing me off like that. I pulled on the underwear and fitted the fabric over my cock. I moaned softly. I knew that it was going to be a very long wine tasting. 

Barbara must have heard me. "No problems I hope," she called out. "Come on out here and let me check you." 

I exited the closet and took a step toward my wife. 

"Very nice," she said. "But I like it even better like this." Barbara began rubbing me through the thin fabric until my cock stood out, fully erect. "That's better. Wear those tight jeans that I like. I'll be able to really enjoy this look with you in those," she emphasized the word "this" as she patted my hardon. 

There was no way I was going to disappoint her, so I pulled on the pants she requested and topped it with a collared shirt. 

Barbara had completed her makeup just while I'd finished getting dressed. "All set?" she asked. 

I nodded. I could feel the snug underwear gripping my cock and rubbing against me with each step I took. The bulge in my jeans was clearly visible, exactly as I was sure Barbara wanted. 

"Let's go then." Barbara picked up the keys to her late model Dodge Charger. "I'm driving," she announced. "Gonna drive my hot rod now, and I'm gonna drive my other hot rod later." She grabbed at me as she moved past me on her way out the door. 

The drive to the day spa took longer than I thought, even using the GPS in Barbara's car. We ran into a lot of traffic. 

"We're going to be late," Barbara lamented. "I hope that we don't miss too much." 

"These things never start on time anyway," I said. "We'll just slide into the back of the room where nobody will notice us. Remember what happened the last time we wound up at the back of the room for a wine tasting?" I was referring to the time that Barbara, who had been in a similarly randy mood, and I secretly masturbated each other to orgasm under the cover of long table clothes during a particularly boring wine tasting. 

Barbara smiled with a lustful grin. "I certainly do." She reached over and rubbed at the lump in my pants. "Maybe this wine event will be as boring as that one and we can make our own excitement." 

For some reason, a chill ran up my spine when she said that. "I don't know," I replied as she rubbed on me. "There's something about this whole invitation that has me wondering." 

"What do you mean," Barbara let go of me and put both hands on the wheel as she expertly weaved the high power car through traffic trying to make up time on our way across town. 

"I don't know. It's just a weird feeling," I began. "First of all, you get this anonymous email invite to a 'private' party hosted by some wine club that neither of us have ever heard of. " 

Barbara nodded in agreement, but kept her focus on the road and the crazed drivers all around us. 

"Then there's the wording of the invitation, hors d'oeuvres that won't 'slow us down', 'delectable entertainment'. What's all that mean, and who ever heard of entertainment at a wine tasting? It's also obvious that it was a group email sent out to the members of the wine club, which we are not. What kind of name is 'Medb', someone's initials smashed together? And the way that that last line of the email was in a different font made it seem personal, as if it was added on just for you." I unfolded the invitation that she had printed out and brought with us. I had suggested that we might need it as the entrance ticket to the private tasting. "What do you think about that last part: 'The guest list has been refined taking into account everyone's appetites and preferences. It promises to be an enchanting evening of indulgence.'?" 

"I don't know. I agree it's strange wording, but I think that you're reading into it too much. It's just a wine tasting." 

"You're probably right. I've been watching too many of those crime shows on TV, I guess." 

"Yeah. It's not like we're going to get drugged and kidnapped by some crazy international cartel and sold into sex slavery only to be rescued by a knife-wielding Liam Neeson," Barbara quipped. 

"Oooh. A sex cartel. That might be fun." 

We both laughed, but I still felt on edge. 

"You have arrived at your destination," the GPS announced as we pulled into a nondescript strip mall. 

"What was the name of the place?" Barbara asked. 

I looked at the print out, " Ta Diseu Day Spa. Whatever that means." 

"There it is," we said in unison spotting the plain storefront about halfway down the row of businesses. 

"Doesn't look like much," I said with an edge in my voice. 

"Would you just relax," my wife chided me. "Listen, if it turns out to be something creepy, or we hate it, we'll just leave. Besides I'm not planning on spending much time here tasting wine. I want to get home and put other things in my mouth," she added and stroked hard over the front of my jeans. 

Blood began flowing into my penis at both her touch and the thought of what awaited me as soon as we got home. "We might not make it home before you do," I teased back. I had no idea how prescient that statement was. 

Barbara parked the car next to a row of others that were pulled up directly in front of the spa. "It looks closed," she said as we got out and began walking to the front door. 

The windows of the spa were opaqued with some kind of industrial coating so that we couldn't see in. There was no way to tell if the lights inside were on or off. The name of the establishment stretched across the front glass in ten inch tall letters lit with colored LED lights. It was somehow cheerful, yet refined, while the rest of the building looked just plain drab. The front door had the hours of operation posted and below it was the statement, "Appointments encouraged, but walk-ins always welcome as our schedule allows." Next to that was a hand printed sign that was taped to the glass; "Closed for private party." 
