 We return from dinner and a message on the phone. It is Janet and Ross and they left a message stating "We had fun partying with us and look forward to the next time. Hopefully you agree!" We both agree that the sex with Janet & Ross was great. We call them back and setup our next meeting.

We arrive at their house tense but anxious. We walk up to the door and they open it together, nude. Well, I say, I guess we know where this is going! We step in and I grab your hair in my hand, turn your head and kiss you deeply. My tongue probes deeply into your throat. My hand moves to undue your bra strap and I find that Ross is already there. I feel hands on my pants and look down to find Janet is dropping my pants. Within a scant few seconds of walking in, we find ourselves also nude. You seem apprehensive at the suddenness of it but your hand finds my cock and Ross's. 

You stroke both of us as we walk towards the bedroom. Janet has her hand roaming allover my balls and ass. We walk in and find sex toys galore spread around the room. As we scan the fun room, we spy all types and sizes of dildos. There are some leather straps on the wall and a harness hanging from the ceiling in the corner. We all proceed to the bed and we sit down. J & R tell us too layback as we are the guests. We lay back and my hand grabs your breast and I pull you to me kissing you deeply. You tense up as Ross spreads your legs, and starts licking and sucking your pussy. 

I jump as Janet takes my balls into her mouth and strokes my cock. I rub your breast strongly kneading them and tweaking your nipples. Your tongue is all over inside my mouth. One of your hands is running all over my chest while the other is on Ross's head guiding him as he eats your cunt. You feel your wetness already soaking your lips and running down your ass. I feel pressure building quickly in my balls at the sight and thought of what is happening. Janet moans and says my cum taste so good, as she works a bit to the tip. Ross says it cannot be as good as Cindy's pussy juice. She works up another coating of cum to the head of my cock. She runs her fingertip over the head of my cock getting every drop of my pre cum and brings her finger up to our mouths and slides it into your mouth. You moan as you suck her finger in, cleaning it with your tongue. The taste of my cum on your tongue, Ross's mouth sucking and nibbling on your erect clit, and his finger inside your hot dripping cunt massaging your spot brings you to your first orgasm. Your nipples stand up erect as your body convulses. Throaty guttural sounds escape your mouth as you let everyone know beyond a doubt, the saucy red head has cum. 

Hearing and watching you forces me to cum. There is no way I can watch and hear my wife cum like that and not shoot my hot sticky load. Especially with Janet's mouth working so hard to convince my balls to unload and her finger working its way into my ass. My body tenses up as I shoot my load. The build up was so good but it is over so quickly. I envy the lengthy and sustained orgasm you had. As we lay there catching our breath J & R grab each other and French kiss deeply. We watch them as they kiss wildly. Ross licking the cum off of Lisa's face that leaked out and her licking his face clean from the soaking it received between your sweet thighs.

We all walk into the kitchen to get a few drinks to replenish our thirst that can only be filled from bottles and cans. While the beers do serve to quench our thirst, our sexual thirst has just been wetted. We head back into the playroom for some more sexual fun. You grab me and lay me down on the bed. You start kissing my neck while dragging your fingers tips over my chest and down to my crotch. Your lips kiss there way down, following your finger tips. Janet joins you on the opposite side, mimicking you. 

It feels great having two women licking and kissing my nipples and chest. You both take turns fondling my balls and cock. Ross steps up behind you and slowly starts inserting his cock in your soaking wet hot cunt. He slides it in until you feel his balls press against your erect swollen clit. He pulls it slowly out ward until his head just pops out and you feel it brush across your asshole, causing a shiver to run up your spine, before he guides it back into your pussy. 

He sets up a steady and slow fucking of you just as your mouth finds my cock. You suck me in deeply. Your tongue works its magic swirling around me and tickling the tip of my head that has already produced a spot of pre cum as a reward for your efforts. Ross moans a compliment as your cunt starts squeezing his cock tightly getting ready for its next orgasm of the night. Your mouth envelops my cock deeply sucking hard wanting more hot and salty cum. Your hand is competing with Janet's on my balls and ass. You moan as Ross pulls out of you and moves over to fuck Janet's pussy. You feel your hot juices run down your leg. My cock is throbbing full and thick at the attention it is receiving at the mouths of two women. Janet is moaning loudly as Ross is fucking her with the same steady strokes he used on your pussy. Your mouth releases my cock and you suck in my saliva soaked balls. You twirl them around in your mouth with your tongue. 

You are glad it is warm in the room so that they are hanging down low instead of being tightly constricted like when we go for a dip at the lake. I moan at the attention your tongue gives my balls and the new mouth that has engulfed my twitching hard member. Janet sucks my cock deeply into her mouth and starts going up and down with the same steady strokes Ross is using on her cunt. Your tongue circles my balls teasing and lightly touching them. Your hand is between your legs fingering your clit madly. You bring your finger to my mouth and I suck it in deeply. Licking it wildly, wanting every drop of your juice. I tell you I want to taste your cunt, sit on my face. You say no, because you need to be fucked NOW. You tell Janet move aside you must mount a cock now. Janet pulls her mouth off of my cock and your hot tight cunt takes me inside. 

You moaned loudly as you start riding my cock. Grinding your ass down and around, trying to keep that pressure against your spot. You lean forward putting your hands on my chest and start humping me with slow steady strokes. The look on your face reveals ecstasy is not far away. Janet takes this opportunity to climb up and sit on my face. I start licking and suckling her cunt and clit. She grinds her twat down on my face groaning loudly. I cannot believe the feelings of having a hot juicy cunt on my cock and face at the same time. I think back that I am glad I have already cum once or I would have definitely filled your cunt with my hot sticky seed already. I feel the bed move as Ross stands up beside my and places his cock in front of you both. Your suck him into your mouth quickly and he pumps a few strokes in your mouth. You moan at the second taste of cum tonight on your tongue as his cock seeps a drop or two into his slit for your pleasure. Your motion on my cock speeds up at your obvious excitement. He pulls his cock from your mouth and offers it to Janet, who also sucks it in trying to obtain some of his cum for her tongue. 

You both continue taking turns sucking his cock in your mouths. You slow down your fucking of my cock as I feel you get closer and closer. Janet is really getting wet and soaking my face with her juices. My tongue is buried deep inside her hole while she gyrates her hips. I feel your cunt twitch and clamp tightly on my cock. Your ass starts fucking me hard. My hands are on your hips trying to pull myself farther into your body, wanting your orgasm to be earth shaking. Your cunt floods my cock and balls with your hot steamy juice as your orgasm causes your twat to contract and push it out all over me. 

The feeling causes me to loose all control I thought I had. I pump my load of cum deep into your pussy. Each contraction feeling like my balls will be shot out of my cock into you. Your moans and screams bring Janet over the edge and I feel her hips tighten up as she starts cumming. Her ass pushes down harder, grinding my face as if she was trying to push me thru the bed to the floor. Your orgasm finally subsides and you stop grinding your cunt onto my cock, which is still fairly hard. I do not know if it is your post orgasm twat twitches or the fact that a pussy is cumming on my face but I feel my cock getting hard again. Your moans are quieted ever so often as you and Janet are still alternating on sucking on Ross's cock. Your pussy starts to give you that feeling of another orgasm is not too far away. 

You do not know if it is the excitement of feeling a cock in your pussy that is still hard after pumping you full of cum, watching a women ride your husbands face or the taste of cum you are getting when you suck the cock that is in your face, but it is feeling so good. You start grinding your ass down on my cock trying to get that orgasm to the edge. Wanting it to cum but it is being elusive. You feel my hands on your ass cheeks pulling them forward and downward onto my throbbing cock. You feel your ass revealed to anyone that would be behind you. You think how nice it would feel if there was another guy to step up behind you and start sliding his cock head around your asshole. You moan thinking of the feeling you have when finally your ass opens and allows a throbbing swollen cock head just inside. The feeling of fullness and pain until you can relax that drives you wild. 

This is as far as you get in your thoughts because you feel Ross's cock twitch and swell in your mouth. The first load of hot sticky cum erupts from his cock and coats the inside of your throat. You are taken by surprise by how hot it feels. The second load sprays across your cheek and nose because Janet is trying to get a taste of his load. This drives you over the edge and you cum again. Your hips are fucking my cock, up and down so hard and so fast. The sound of your wet pussy on my cock drives me wild. The feeling of your cunt once again soaking my cock and balls drives me over the edge and I shoot my load into your throbbing convulsing cunt. Your moans are quieted once again as you suck in Ross's cock trying to get the last drops of cum from him. You rub his cock on the side of your face to get the load of cum that landed there and then clean it off of his cock with your tongue. Your cunt slowly stops twitching as the orgasm fades into the past. Janet climbs off of my face and you almost laugh at how wet my face and hair look. You kiss my lips then lay down on my chest and fade away...