 I was sitting alone on the bench watching the colors of the fireworks fill the dark sky. It was a great 4th of July party, but I had the feeling of being empty. I tried to ignore it and smile for the moment. I love to just let go a feel free and simply enjoy life. I had everything going for myself. I was a curvy brunette and my biggest assets were held up in a 32 D black bra. 

Life had become dull and routine which happens to the best of us. Sitting on that bench with my beer and my thoughts was dragging me down. I thought about rejoining in the party that filled the rest of the park, but I decided to give myself another minute. Suddenly I felt a warm hand slide over my shoulder. It was my X's best friend Jake. He was ironically a dead ringer for Jake Gyllenhaal. We had become great friends when I started dating Alex. We all spent many drunken nights together. Alex and I broke up on good terms, so we all remained friends. 

"Hey Sara, what are you doing all by your self?" Jake poked at me.

"I just had a little too much to drink so I came over hear to catch my breath." I lied.

"Well, Alex and I are gonna go on a tequila run. You wanna come?" Jake smiled and I could never say no to that.

"Sara! Tequila! Come on!" Alex came running up chanting.

"Alright, alright, I am coming." I decided to leave my issues at the door and have some fun.

"Shot gun!" Alex called it every time. 

"I always have to ride bitch!" I half whined.

All three of us pilled into Jakes old beater truck and went to grab some tequila. Jakes dad owned a little bar called "The Mile" that was closed for the holiday. We often snuck alcohol from the place. It had a pool table about six booths, four tables, and the bar. Small place, but great tequila. 

We arrived at "The Mile" and we all went in. I noticed in the corner a jute box had appeared. It was old and filled with Led Zeppelin and music to compliment it. 

"Hey, when did that get hear?" I asked Jake.

"I guess it has been awhile since you have been here. Being that you are all fancy and living out of state now." Jake replied.

"Ha ha, what's the matter Jake, miss me?" I shot back at him with a grin. 

"It has been awhile since the three of us have been here together. Sneaking some bear and tequila used to be a weekend ritual." Alex grabbed a pool stick.

"Yeah I used to kick your asses in pool." I gloated.

"As I recall us men always wiped the floor with you!" Jake retorted pouring three shots of tequila. 

"Is that a challenge?" I asked. 

"You're damn skippy!" Jake immediately took one of the shots, grabbed a stick and started the jute box. 

"Fine, lets make it interesting. If I win I get to drive Ms.Daisy." I wagered.

"Not my truck!" Jake had a serious protection of his truck. 

"Ok, ok, if we win then you have to strip!" Alex challenged.

"What, no way!" I shot him down.

"Well it shouldn't be a problem being that last year you kicked our asses...right!" Jake called my bluff.

"Alright then if I win you two have to strip then and I get to drive Ms. Daisy!" I raised the stakes. 

"We aren't gay Sara!" Alex crooned.

"Well it shouldn't be a problem if you two whipped the floor with me last year...right!" I called his bluff.

"Fine, you are on .....and that top is about to be off!" Jake said as he started the game.

We played for what seemed like hours. Tequila has a way with screwing up time. The music filled up the bar and the tequila flowed freely. We hadn't been all together for a long time. We coyly touched each other and threw our arms around one another as friends again. As I made my last shot, I couldn't believe it but I had one the first game.

"Off with your shirts!" I grinned as I took another shot of tequila. 

They took their shirts of and I instantly took notice of how much they had grown up. Those jeans fit snuggly and the both had abs to die for. It was all the hay they bailed for Jake's dad. I felt myself staring and getting so wet. 

"Hey there wake up!" Jake threw his shirt at me. 

"And now for those pants." I said trying to remain calm.

I felt myself trying to concentrate but my palms were sweaty and the distraction of two sweaty men without shirts on was difficult to ignore. I had the game until I scratched. Jake sunk the last the eight ball and threw his hands in the air. 

"Whew baby, it is hot in here. I wanna see that shirt of yours on the floor." Jake poured yet another shot.

Not wanting to be shy I took my shirt off and threw it at Jake. He grabbed it out of the air and paused. Staring at me, I felt his eyes wandering over me. 

"Damn Sara, you finally grew some boobs!" Alex handed me a shot. 

"You dick." I grabbed the shot and smiled. 

"And now for those pants!" Jake said mocking me.

We played game after game. Talking and making jokes. I lost my pants and both boys were down to their boxers. We were all feeling pretty great from the tequila and we were playing for my bra. We were all fighting for the eight ball.

"You are about to loose that bra Sara." Jake said trying to distract me from my shot. In which he succeeded.

"Alright, I gotta take a piss." Alex announced to the world.

Alex stepped outside to find a great place to relieve himself. Jake poured yet another set of shots. I sat at the bar next to Jake trying to settle my mind. 

"So Sara, why did you run away?" Jake asked plainly and a little tipsy.

"What? I did not run away." I tried to defend myself. 

"We miss you sometimes ya know." He smiled as he threw down another shot.

"I know I miss you guys every time I need a good laugh." 

"Yeah I miss having someone to blame the missing tequila on." Jake laughed.

"I am glad I am good for something!" I reached over and lightly punched him in the stomach. 

As I ran my hand into his solid stomach he grabbed my hand and looked at me. He stared into my eyes for a few seconds and pulled me to him. I smiled and turned away. He paused for a moment. Determined, he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder. He carried me over to the pool table and sat me on the edge of it. I smiled and took a deep breath. No word was spoken. He cradled my face with his hand as I stared at him calmly with my heart beating. His other hand grabbed me and he pulled himself to me. His lips touched mine in a kiss that felt like it had been building for years. I was instantly wet. He stopped for a moment and reached over and hit the eight ball into the corner pocket. Jake threw the stick down and he picked me up by my ass and turned around and sat on the pool table. We kissed slowly yet with an increasing passion. It felt amazing. I could feel body begging for every inch of his skin. As I sat on him he was grabbing my ass I ran my hands over his chest. I felt his dick spring to life through my panties. He began unhooking my bra slowly with an anxious look on his face. He pulled my bra off and let it fall to the floor. He looked at my breast and I felt his dick pulse with a surge of excitement. He hesitantly began touch my tit. Then he slowly started kissing his way down my neck and onto my hard nipples. His tongue was warm and felt amazing as he kissed and licked my breast. I let my head fall back with pleasure. He then started kissing his way back up my chest and onto my neck. I took in every touch like a deep drink of water. It felt amazing. Jake cradled my neck with his hand and grabbed my back and rolled me onto the pool table. He laid his body on mine. As his well-built arms held himself over me he stopped for a moment and looked at me. I smiled as he took in the moment. He then leaned back in and started to passionately kiss me. At that moment Alex walked back in the door. I turned and looked at him his Jake's lower lip still between my teeth. I let it go as we looked at Alex as he walked over. He was extremely drunk and he pulled up a chair. He then pulled out a cigarette and sat down and smiled. Jake looked at me and I pulled him to me and our hungry lips met again. My hands slid down his body as I started to pull of his boxers. I had pulled them down to his knees and finished taking them off with my toes. His hands felt all the way down my body to my black panties. He sat up and gently pulled them off revealing my shaven pussy with nothing but a thin strip of hair down the middle of it. My panties were almost dripping as he dropped them to the floor. I felt nothing but pure desire and tequila pulsing through my entire body. Already thin drips of sweat began to appear on our bodies. It was impossible to further deny ourselves of the craving that had been building since Alex and I had started dating. After dropping my panties to the floor his hands took over exploring every inch of my skin. His lips dragged across my neck and down my body. Meanwhile Alex was still sitting in the chair enjoying the tequila and the site of his best friend nailing his X. Jake didn't seem to mind his audience and I found that it made me more turned on. 

Jakes dick was almost throbbing at the chance to finally get inside of me. Our lips met once more and the heat was intense. He was firm but with a passion and eagerness. He looked right into my eyes and slowly slid his dick inside of me. I loved every inch of him. When he had completely engulfed himself inside me he let out a short breath and kissed me even more intensely. He started thrusting himself in me firm and slowly. With every thrust I felt the tingle of an orgasm. My body begged for more. My nipples so hard and my back arched. My breathing had become moans of rapture. Sex had never been this good. Jake was moaning in a deep breathy tone. His dick was sliding in and out of me. I was so wet I would have put lube to shame. The muscles in his arms were so tight and the veins were throbbing. I couldn't deny myself any longer of coming. I started moaning his name. I had longed to scream his name for years. Finally the tingle had grown into an explosion that ran like wild fire throughout my entire body. His body still thrusting his dick in me and his breath grew quicker along with each thrust. I felt him explode in me as he kissed me and frantically and gasped for air. His dick was pulsing inside of me as he filled me with cum. Still inside of me he rested his head on my chest and caught his breath. He slightly lifted his head and positioned himself over me once again, balancing himself on his right elbow. Still breathing faintly rapid he ran his hand through my hair and then cradled my cheek. He kissed me once again with a more tender, gentle, and long devotion. Once again he looked into my eyes and smiled. He then pulled his dick from inside of me and rolled onto his back and laid next to me on the pool table. 

"That was all I had imagined and more." Jake said finally catching his breath.

"How long have you been imagining this?" I asked turning to look at him.

"Years." He answered with a smile and ran his hand across my cheek. "Years."