 We went to a general meeting last night for the condo association where we met a very out going owner. She was very involved in the meeting, speaking her mind many times, and my wife and I were getting a little irritated, but after the meeting ended, she came over and asked if we could give her a ride home. I wasn't too thrilled about it but my wife quickly agreed and the three of us went out and got into the car. The woman, whose name is Jean, talked about the meeting all the way back to the complex and I was glad the ride was only a few minutes. When we dropped her off at the front door, she asked if we would like to come up for coffee. Before I could say anything, my wife agreed and got out of the car with Jean. I told them I would be right up after parking the car. The two women entered the building as I begrudgingly parked and locked the car. I came back to the building and went up to Jean's suite, lightly knocking on the door. She answered and let me in, taking my coat and offering me a coffee. 

I didn't notice right away but when I sat down beside my wife on the couch, I noticed that Jean's clothes seemed a little messy, her shirt was out of her pants and they were lower on her hips. Her hair was messed up a little too but I didn't dwell on it too long. I looked at my wife and noticed she had a smile on her face and seemed a bit nervous, but again, I didn't think about it too much. Jean came over and placed a coffee in front of me and sat down in a chair, facing us. We started talking about the meeting and I thought this was going to be a very dull but quick coffee. 

Jean and my wife seemed to be enthralled with what each of them was saying as I sat, drinking my coffee, adding a few comments but mainly listening to the two women talk. After I finished my coffee, Jean offered me another and before I could decline, my wife said that I would like another and added that she would help get it for me. Both the women got up and headed for the kitchen, where I could hear them nervously giggling. I thought I heard another sound too but I wasn't sure. It sounded like a small groan but I wasn't sure.

The two women returned and immediately after putting my coffee down in front of me, Jean excused herself saying that she wanted to change into something a little cooler. She disappeared into her bedroom and my wife came over and sat down beside me again. I noticed a slight flush in her face but didn't say anything. After about a minute, my wife said she was hot too and stood up to take her sweater off. As she did, I watched her, noticing her breasts sway as she lifted the sweater up and over her head. I remembered that she didn't have a bra on and her nipples were sticking out through her blouse.

Just as she sat down again, Jean came out of her bedroom, wearing a pair of tight pants and a little halter-top that barely covered her breasts. As she walked towards us, her breasts swayed and I realized that she too didn't have a bra on. Her nipples were sticking out through her top also and there were no seams in her pants where there should have been panty lines. I was beginning to wonder what was going on between these two women.

Jean sat down again and the two women talked some more as I listened, watching the two of them as best I could. The talk suddenly turned to sex and the two women were getting a little more animated as the talk got deeper and deeper into the subject. I sat there, watching the two women in a daze as they talked about making love and intercourse. 

Hearing my name brought me out of my daze abruptly. Jean had asked about fantasies and I heard my wife mention my name. The two women had stopped talking and were both looking at me, waiting for me to say something. I tried to look like I had been listening and quickly brought up the subject of making love to two women. Jean and my wife had big grins on their faces as I spoke and I suddenly realized what exactly was going on. The two women were seducing me and as I sat there, my groins were suddenly stirring.

My wife leaned over and took the coffee cup out of my hand, putting it on the table. She then turned and kissed me lightly on the lips. "How would you like to have two women to make love to tonight,' she asked. I looked at her and then at Jean, who was smiling at me. "I'd love to," I said quickly. Jean was the first one on her feet, saying, "What are we waiting for then," as she started towards the bedroom, shedding her clothes as she did. My wife was right behind her, shedding her clothes as she followed Jean. I waited a few seconds, watching the two women slowly strip as they headed up the stairs. I got up and watched the two bare asses sway in front of me as they continued up the stairs, their arms around each other, their hands roaming over each other's bare buttocks. They reached the top of the stairs and stopped, embracing each other and kissing. I could see their tongues being thrust in each other's mouth and they were quietly groaning as they continued to run their hands over each other. They broke their embrace and my wife grabbed my hand, leading me into the bedroom. The room was large, with a sitting area and a large bed nestled in a corner. I watched as the two women headed straight for the bed with Jean getting in the middle on her back, reaching up to embrace my wife, who fell into her arms naturally. They started to kiss again and their hands were exploring each other as they sucked on each other's tongues. They seemed to have forgotten about me being there, so I sat on the edge of the couch and watched the two women please each other. They were still kissing each other and I noticed my wife's hand reach down and start to circle Jean's clitoris. She started putting more pressure onto Jean's clit and this made Jean moan and groan in pleasure. They continued for a few more minutes until my wife moved down Jean's body to her breasts and started circling her nipples with her tongue, gently sucking Jean's nipples into her mouth. 

I suddenly realized that this was not a first time thing for my wife and Jean. They seemed to know each other's spots too well and were enjoying each other more than they would have had it been the first time they had gone to bed together. My mind went to the excuses my wife had been using for the past month about being involved in a club in the complex and her excuses about being so late getting home. I knew what she had been doing at this so called club and I smiled thinking that she was not only fulfilling my fantasy but her own too, although we had never talked about fantasies before. 

I continued watching the two women make love to each other. My wife had Jean lying on her stomach and was licking down the crack of her ass. She parted Jean's cheeks and licked her hole, pushing her tongue against her brown spot. She seemed to get her tongue inside Jean's hole and began tonguing and reaming her. Jean was groaning and moaning as my wife started to tongue fuck her ass hole. My wife kept tongue fucking Jean for quite a while and then lifted her ass up so she could get more of her tongue inside her. She was licking and sucking Jean's ass for all she was worth, making Jean groan louder. She finally replaced her tongue with a finger and with her other hand, reached under Jean to caress her clitoris again. This made Jean explode and she was moaning louder, telling my wife to fuck her hard. My wife was thrusting her finger in and out of Jean's ass hole as hard as she could by now. Jean's was quickly coming to an orgasm as her ass was being fucked. She finally slumped down on the bed with a loud groan and the two women were breathing very hard as they lay beside each other, slowly running their hands over each other's breasts and clits.

Jean got on her knees and went for my wife's clit with her mouth, making my wife moan loudly. I heard that familiar moan and I knew my wife liked to be eaten and had many orgasms from me eating her. Jean was very good at it and I watched as her tongue circled my wife's clit. She sucked and licked until my wife was writhing on the bed, holding Jean's head to her as she rolled. My wife lifted her legs in the air to give Jean more access to her and Jean, putting my wife's legs over her shoulders, started tonguing my wife's ass hole. She soon was tongue fucking my wife's brown hole and had my wife coming and coming. She replaced her tongue with a finger and leaned over to tongue my wife's clit as she finger fucked my wife's ass. My wife exploded in orgasm as Jean continued fucking her. My wife was loudly telling Jean to fuck her and Jean was thrusting her finger in and out of my wife's ass as hard as she could. 

They came together with loud moans and groans and collapsed on the bed, both breathing heavily from the exertion. After a few minutes, Jean reached over to the end table beside the bed and opened a drawer, withdrawing a long strap-on dildo. As she put it on, my wife was caressing it and sucking on it with a renewed passion. Jean slowly rolled my wife over, raising her ass up in the air while she maneuvered into position between her legs. She caressed my wife's cheeks as she slowly inserted the large dildo into her vagina. 

She pumped the strap-on cock in and out of my wife a few times, then quickly moved up and rammed it into her ass hole. My wife was groaning louder and louder with each thrust of the fake phallus. Jean held onto to my wife's hips, leaned back and started to ram the cock in and out of her as hard as she could. The two women were in a world of their own as Jean fucked my wife. My wife was getting hotter and hotter and as she did, she was telling Jean to fuck her harder. Jean was thrusting savagely into my wife and they soon were close to another orgasm. Suddenly, my wife told Jean to stop and she quickly flipped over on her back, raising her legs up over Jean's shoulders. Jean pushed the dildo into my wife again and started to thrust in and out. This time, it didn't take long for the two women to reach orgasm as they thrashed and rolled all over the bed in orgasm.

Again, they collapsed on the bed in total exhaustion and as they lay there, my wife looked over at me with a glassy look in her eyes. I was sitting with my clothes off and stroking my hard cock. It took a few seconds, but she told me to not waste it and I got up and joined the two women on the bed. I quickly went down on my wife, trying to get my tongue in every possible hole I could. I licked and sucked on her clit and ass hole, completely savoring the taste and smell of her/ I quickly moved over my wife and attacked Jean's cunt, licking and sucking on her clit as hard as I could. I could feel my wife's hands caressing my hard cock and balls as I licked and sucked on Jean. They were both breathing heavily and I moved between Jean's legs and thrust into her as fast and as hard as I could. I knew I wouldn't last long so I thrust faster and faster until I exploded inside her with a torrent of come. As I finished ejaculating, my wife took my cock out of Jean and thrust it into her mouth. She sucked all of Jean's juices and my come off my cock and at the same time, started to get me hard again. She continued until I was rock hard, then told me to fuck her. I scrambled between her legs and started pumping in and out of her. I slowed down a little to enjoy the familiar feeling of being inside my wife. At the same time, I felt Jean tonguing my ass hole. As she licked and sucked on my hole, I continued thrusting in and out of my wife until I felt a hard object at the entrance to my ass hole. 

I looked behind me and Jean had the strap-on around her waist and was pointing its head directly at my ass. She parted my cheeks and slowly inserted the fake cock into me. She pushed a little harder and was soon inside my anal canal, slowly pushing the phallus further into me. Soon all the way inside me, she stopped and as I continued thrusting in and out of my wife, she let the movement of me fucking my wife thrust the dildo in and out of my ass. Here I was fucking one woman and getting fucked by another. The feeling was erotic and electric. 

I couldn't decide whether I wanted to fuck my wife harder or have Jean fuck me. I stopped thrusting into my wife and looked at Jean, telling her to fuck me harder. I leaned forward a little to raise my ass and Jean started pumping the dildo in and out of me as hard as she could. She was good at fucking and soon was thrusting in and out, ravaging me. As Jean fucked me, my wife moved out from under me and turned around so she could insert my hard cock into her ass hole. I leaned back a little and thrust into her, feeling the tightness and warmth of her canal. Up until now, I had never ass fucked my wife and the feeling was overwhelming. I still felt Jean thrusting in and out of me but I wanted to fuck my wife so I told Jean to stop and I started pumping my wife's ass hole. 

I soon came and was filling my wife's ass with my come. As I finished coming, my cock popped out of my wife and I leaned forward again, telling Jean to fuck me as hard as she could. It didn't take her long to get into a rhythm and she pumped the dildo in and out of me until I couldn't take any more. I finally asked her to stop and she withdrew the cock from my ass hole. I collapsed onto the bed, panting and rasping, trying to catch my breath. I rolled over onto my back and Jean, having taken the strap-on off, took my cock into her mouth, licking and sucking on it lovingly. She kept telling me that she wanted to feel me in her ass as she sucked me to another erection. 

Once I was hard again, she turned around and lowered herself onto my cock, slowly inserting it into her ass hole. She waited until I was fully inside her before she started pumping her body up and down on my cock. She bounced up and down a few times and then got off me to turn around, wiggling her ass at me, inviting me to fuck her from behind. I quickly got between her legs and inserted my cock in her ass hole. I started thrusting in and out of her as my wife quickly inserted the dildo into my ass again. This time I was fucking Jean and my wife was fucking me. We continued until I came again and then separated.

I watched through glassy eyes as my wife mounted Jean and started fucking her with the strap-on. The two women were soon moaning and groaning as my wife fucked Jean as hard as she could, thrusting savagely in and out of her ass hole. The two women came soon after and the room was filled with loud moans and groans as they reached orgasm together. They separated and we all lay on the bed, panting and breathing heavily as we touched and softly caressed each other. 

When we recovered enough, I fucked both women again in the ass and had both of them fuck me. The women fucked me from behind and with my legs over their shoulders and I fucked them both in the same positions. After finally finishing and resting a little, my wife started to explain what she had been doing at the club meetings. It turns out that there were about five women in the complex who enjoyed lesbianism and the club meeting were basically, a women's fuck night. It sounded like it had been going on before we moved into the complex and my wife was the newest member. 

Their future plans had been to include men and I was the first to find out about the club's activities. The next meeting was the next night and I was invited to attend, which I did. There were five delightful women there, all in various stages of dress when my wife and I arrived. They soon had all paired off and were licking, sucking and fucking each other, almost completely ignoring me as I watched all these women making love to each other. 

That night was a true fantasy come true. I can't remember how many times I was a sandwich between two women and how many times I was fucked but I will, in future years, never forget that night. Once there are more men involved with our little group, maybe I will get to feel a real cock up my ass spurting its hot come deep inside me. Now that will be the ultimate fantasy come true.

This is a true story. Let me know what you think of it.