 Sonia needed to rush into the conference room. She couldn't believe how late she was going to be. She was supposed to be doing some consulting for a major corporation today. She had stayed up late the night before preparing for it. Pages and pages of charts and spreadsheets were all over her tiny apartment. She was finally ready. She grabbed the handle for the door and rushed into her meeting.

She entered the room and instantly felt four sets of eyes on her. She slowly and nervously walked to the head of the room.

"Sorry I'm late. I guess I'll get started right away." Sonia put her briefcase down and was about to open it when one of the members address her.

"Miss Smith, here at BlackHawk we pride ourselves on our punctuality. We have paid major dollars for your services today and we will be getting our money worth." This was Joe Black, the head of the company.

Sonia was looking him in the eye now. He was very hot with short blond hair and blue eyes. He looked as though he has a hard body underneath the blue pin stripe suit he was wearing. Next to him was Monica Riley. A tall red headed woman who looked like she could control a room with just a look. A very hot smoldering look. On the other side of the table were the other two partners. Brad Hawk was opposite his friend Joe. Dark hair, and eyes. His hands were folded neatly on the table but looked very strong and commanding. Rounding off the table was Emma Sloan. Emma was a small woman with pixie like features. It still didn't stop Sonia from looking over her pert tits.

"Yes of course you will be Mr. Black. I have put together a presentation that I think will make you all very happy. I have been able to configure..."

"Before you go on any further Ms. Smith, take off your clothes."

"Pardon me, Mr. Black, you want me to what?" Sonia was stunned. She had never been in this situation before.

"Yes, you heard correctly Sonia. Take off your clothes. You don't have a problem with that do you?" Emma piped up.

"I have never been asked that before but I don't think that it is really necessary."

Joe got up from his seat and stood in front of Sonia.

"Sonia, you were late for this very important meeting and now you are holding up the rest of our schedules. You will get undressed now to make up for it or you will no longer have a job. Do I make myself clear?"

Sonia just stared at Joe standing in front of her. She was scared yet at the same time very aroused. Her trembling hands went to the top button of her crisp white blouse and started to slowly unbutton it. 

"That's better, keep going" Joe sat down again, eagerly watching.

Sonia continued unbuttoning her blouse watching the members of the group. All eyes were on her. When the last button was undone she slipped out of it and let it drop to the floor. She reached behind her and undid the button and zipper of her tight black pencil skirt.

"Turn around, bend over and then slide your skirt over your nice ass." Monica was standing up at her seat looking at Sonia with hungry eyes. Sonia turned around slowly hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her skirt and bent over. She began taking her skirt off.

"Wait a minute." Sonia stopped with the band halfway down her ass. You could barely see her white lace thong. Monica walked over to where Sonia was bent over and grabbed onto the waist band of Sonia's skirt and yanked it down.

"What a nice ass. " Monica rubbed her hand over Sonia's ass a couple of times before raising it and bringing it down in a loud smack.

"Ouch" Sonia stood up and faced Monica "What was that for?"

"See, now you know to listen when we tell you something. Now let me take a good look at you." Monica placed Sonia in front of the others, her white satin and lace bra holding in her wonderfully rounded tits, her nipples were beginning to get hard at the prospect of what was going to happen. Even her white satin lace thong was beginning to get very wet. Monica had went & sat down again. Brad moved his chair out from the desk. Sonia could see the glorious bulge in the front of his pants.

"Keep going, Sonia. Take off your bra and panties. You can leave your stocking and heels on."

"NO! I am going to stop now. I will do the presentation like this but that's it. I'm not getting undressed any further." Sonia folded her arms in front of her and stood in defiance. She was sure she was going to get away with it until Joe was back standing in front of her.

"You don't seem to be a team player at all. We don't like that here at BlackHawk Sonia. Now you will either learn how to listen or you'll be shown how to listen." Joe informed Sonia with a sly smile. Sonia wasn't going to back down. She didn't know what was in store for her but she wasn't going to get undressed any further

"I am not taking anything else off." Sonia said standing her ground.

"Well if that is how you want it then." Joe reached up and grabbed the back of Sonia's neck and forced her to her knees. He then unzipped his pants, reached in and took out his cock.

"Now what I want you to do Ms. Smith is to take my cock in your mouth and suck it good. I know you want to." Joe thrust his cock in Sonia's face. She turned her head to the side...

"Emma, I think Sonia needs some help here. Do you mind giving her a hand?" Emma quickly got out of her chair. Emma took Joe's cock in her hand and started stroking him. He moaned slightly. 

"Open your mouth," Emma was pulling Joe closer to Sonia's mouth. Sonia wouldn't open her mouth at all.

"No!" Sonia was enjoying the attention and the view but there was no way that she was going to suck the bosses cock.

"Oh yes you will" Emma smacked he head of Joe's cock over Sonia's lips. "Open your mouth, you want it...come on, you'll love Joe's cock, take it now." Sonia still wouldn't move so Emma reached down and pinched one of Sonia's nipples. When Sonia yelled out Emma rammed Joe's cock in Sonia's mouth.

"That's it now take it all." Emma held the back of Sonia's head and thrust Joe's cock in and out of her mouth. Joe then took over and grabbed Sonia's head and fucked her mouth. 

Emma moved in behind Sonia and took off her bra and grabbed her tits and started playing with them. She was pinching her nipples in between her fingers, rolling them, making them hard. Sonia was getting really wet. She had never been touched by a woman before, let alone have a cock in her mouth while a woman was playing with her tits. Now Emma was pulling on her nipples. She had come around to the side of her and had taken one in her mouth. Emma flicked her tongue over Sonia's erect nipple and was very impressed to hear Sonia's sharp intake of breathe. 

Sonia was enjoying having Joe's cock in her mouth. It tasted so good and was nice and thick. She was playing with the head of his cock now, nibbling around the head and then taking it all in her mouth. Up and down she was licking his shaft.

"Now you're being a good girl" Joe said smoothing back Sonia's hair.

Monica got up and kneed down on the other side of Emma and took Sonia's other nipple into her mouth. Now Sonia had two women on her tits.

"Ladies why don't we get Ms. Smith on the table so we can all share"

"Sounds good Joe," Monica said getting up. Joe took his cock out of Sonia's mouth and before she could say anything Emma's mouth was on hers. She had never been kissed by another woman and it was great. Her lips were very soft and her probing tongue was strong as it pushed its way into Sonia's mouth. Their tongues brushed against each others, deeper Emma's tongue went. Sonia started sucking on it, Emma tasted great.

"Break it up you two. Now stand up Ms. Smith." Sonia stood up and faced Monica. Now it was Monica that embraced Sonia. Monica's lips were hungrier more aggressive. Sonia opened her mouth to welcome Monica's tongue. They kissed deeply while Monica's hands squeezed Sonia's tits. Her hands reached down to the front of her thong and found Sonia very wet. She released the kiss and helped Sonia out of her panties. Cupping Sonia's very shaved very smooth pussy Monica could now feel how wet Sonia was.

"Someone's having a good time." Monica let her finger graze over her opening then raised her finger to her mouth."Mmm, tasty."

"Well then, let's get her up on the table" Joe took her by the hand and led her to the table. "Get up on here and lay on your back"

By this time everyone else in the room was undressed. Sonia was lying on the conference table, her tits exposed and her pussy open for everyone to see. Brad was the first one to move. He kneed on the table and crawled over to Sonia's mouth. He placed his cock right above her lips and told her to start sucking. Sonia was amazed at the size of his cock. It was at least 8 inches long and 2 ½ inches thick. She stuck her tongue out and licked the head like a lollipop, long hard licks all over the head and up and down the shaft.

"Oh yes baby that's it, lick my cock. Now take it all." Sonia didn't waste any time in impaling her mouth on his cock, her mouth was full. She kept going up and down not stopping. Brad's hips started bucking wildly fucking Sonia's mouth. All of a sudden Sonia felt a mouth on her pussy. She looked up and was amazed to see Monica between her legs lapping at her pussy. Never in her wildest dreams did Sonia ever think she would be in this position. Monica's mouth was sucking on each of Sonia's pussy lips one at a time. She inserted two fingers into Sonia's wet hole and started pumping away. Monica and Emma looked at each other and started kissing.

"Mmm, she does taste yummy" Emma said after releasing the kiss with Monica. While Monica continued to pound Sonia's pussy with three fingers now, Emma bent down and sucked eagerly on Sonia's clit. Sonia couldn't help but let out a deep moan.

"Oh fuck yeah, please don't stop"

Joe was looking over the scene in front of him. His cock standing straight out, he was stroking it good and hard. Monica turned around and seen that he was ready for some pussy and moved out of the way. Joe moved in between Sonia's legs and Monica guided his cock into her. With one quick thrust Joe buries his cock into her. Sonia's hips raised high to meet him. His cock made her pussy feel very full. There was so much going on. Sonia had a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy and Emma was still sucking her clit. She was going to cum at any minute.

"That's right baby, suck my cock let me fuck your face with it." Brad continued to fuck Sonia's face. Monica sat down near him so he could start playing with her pussy. Brad wasted no time in putting two fingers into Monica's hole. He was working her clit with his thumb making her moan good and loud. Sonia started sucking his cock harder and faster bringing him very close to he end. He took his cock out of her mouth. He flipped Monica over so that she was on all fours and started licking her ass.

"Oh Brad. Lick my ass"

"Fuck yeah baby. I'm going to give you more than my tongue" He put his index finger in her ass "Oh yeah, that's it, fuck my ass. I want your cock in my ass."

"Take it babe, it's yours." Brad put his massive cock in Monica's ass. Taking his time at first and then once he was in all the way started to rock back and forth, letting his cock slide in and out. With Monica and Brad now fucking and Joe fucking Sonia, Emma decided that she was going to see how far she could push Sonia. She stopped sucking her clit and straddled Sonia's face.

"Now you can suck my clit and fuck my pussy with your tongue." Emma started grinding her pussy against Sonia's mouth.

"I have never done that to a woman." Sonia was trying to move her head away 

"Well now you can. Now eat me and don't miss anywhere."

Sonia knew she wasn't going to get away from this. She opened her eyes and looked at Emma's pussy. It was very nice with a small blond patch just about her clit.

Sonia had been curious before about what a woman tasted like. She gingerly put her tongue on Emma's pussy lips and started licking up and down her pussy lips.

"That's it lick my pussy." Sonia liked what she tasted so far. She still loved the taste and feel of cock but she was loving the taste and feel of Emma's pussy. Emma reached down and pulled her lips apart giving Sonia a good chance to stick her tongue into her pussy hole. She wasted no time darting her tongue in and out of her pussy. She was fucking Emma with her tongue now and Emma was riding her face, grinding her pussy into her mouth. Sonia reached out and took Emma's clit into her mouth and nibbled on it sending shivers through Emma. Sonia licked that wonderful bud before sucking it deep into her mouth.

"Oh fuck yes, I'm cumming..." Emma yelled spraying her hot pussy juice all over Sonia's face. Sonia drank as much as she could, trying to lap it all up. She licked Emma's pussy until her orgasms stopped. Emma moved off of Sonia's face and started to kiss her openly letting their tongues dance and taste each other.

At the sight of that Joe started pumping harder and faster, ramming his cock into Sonia. 

"Oh fuck yeah, you two are hot." Sonia and Emma looked over at Joe just as he came all over 

Sonia's tits. They rubbed Joe's cum into Sonia's tits and licked it off their fingers and Emma licked it off Sonia's nipples.

"Where would you like me to cum?" Brad asked Monica.

"Cum on her tits," Monica replied in between kissing Emma. Brad came all over Sonia's tits. "Fuck yeah, that's so hot."

Monica and Emma continued to lick the cum off of Sonia's tits as Sonia cleaned up Brad and Joe by licking the last bits of cum off their cocks. Once everyone was cleaned up and dressed Sonia was once more at the head of the conference table.

"Well I guess I will get to the presentation now."

"Actually Ms. Smith, that won't be necessary. We are behind in our schedule now. Maybe we can reschedule a more suitable time so that we can explore all the possibilities of you coming to work for BlackHawk."

With that the four stood up and left Sonia staring at their backs wondering if what just happened was real.