 Steve and I met at the same El Torito the two of us first met, but this time it was different—the two of us were to meet another woman.

I found her on a swing site. Her photos stood out since they were taken professionally or by someone who know how to shoot pictures and set up lighting; a few were even black and white. Like many photos on this site, her face wasn't readily recognizable for reasons of privacy, but I could see that she was somewhat fit and dressed classy. She said she was 45, divorced with no children and ran her own business. Her description stated she was 5'7" and 160 pounds with red hair and green eyes. We texted back and forth for awhile and then she called me. We chatted on the phone for nearly an hour about various subjects, getting to know each other.

Finally, she said, "Darling you're cute and sexy voice is putting me in the mood and once I'm in the mood, I get an insatiable appetite. That's why I need both a man and a woman. One just doesn't do it for me."

"Hmm. We'd love to meet and take care of your needs." I said.

"That sounds nice. When can we meet?" she said.

"Tomorrow around 6:30. How about El Torito by the City? We can meet in the bar." I said, knowing she worked close by.

"Hmm," she said, suggesting my choice of meeting place didn't seem to agree with her.

"Ok, but I'll only be there for drinks." She said.

"Good. We'll see you there tomorrow night at 6:30."

Steve arrived around 6 and I met him a few minutes later, but he had already downed a margarita and basket of chips.

"I got you a glass of champagne." He said, looking down at the filled glass on the table.

"Thanks." I said as I picked up the glass and sipped it. I was a little nervous. There was always a chance she lied in her description or used some old photos. Then there was the chance that she would say she wasn't interested, ding dong ditch us or just not show up. I was concerned because it wasn't just about me, Steve was there too and if things didn't work out, I'd feel a little embarrassed.

I looked at Steve, "Aren't you nervous?"

He looked up over his margarita glass. "No."

"Not at all?" I said.

He shrugged his shoulders and confidently replied, "No. You have to think of the positive here."

"I guess" I said, taking another sip of my drink.

"Remember when we met here? Were you nervous then?" he said.

"A little." I said.

"Ya, and a half hour later we were making out." He said, smiling.

I giggled too. "Yes, you're right."

"Think positive," he said.

The both of us must have felt have eyes upon us because our attention was drawn across the room to woman standing there. Our eyes made contact and her eyebrows rose and a slight smile grew on her face as we recognized each other.

She walked towards us, her long fire red hair bounced with each step turning heads. As she approached I saw that her hair wasn't just radiant, it almost glowed. Her lipstick and fingernail polish was equally as brilliant and matched her hair, all three stood out in contrast to her white porcelain skin. Wow, she looked hot, better than her photos. I looked over at Steve and his gawking at her told me he too liked what he saw.

She stopped at our table and extended her hand to me as a whiff of her perfume hit me. "Hello, you must be Jeannie?" she then turned to Steve "And you must be Steve?"

"Yes" Steve said.

"It's nice to meet you both. My name is Carla" She sat down and proclaimed, "I need a drink."

Her presence drew the attention of the waitress who walked over to us. "Would you like another round?" Steve nodded his head and I did likewise. "And what would you like?"

She turned to the waitress and stated, "Jameson, neat."

"I'll be right back with your order" the waitress said, then disappeared.

She turned to Steve and said, "Jeannie tells me you're quite a lover."

"I try to make her happy and do what she likes." He said.

"That's just what I wanted to hear. I hope you can do for me what I like." She said.

"I'll certainly try." Steve said.

"As I told Jeannie, its takes two—both a man and a woman—to satisfy me."

Our drinks arrived and she sipped hers while Steve took a big gulp of his margarita. She looked into my eyes then put her hand on mine.

"Will you do what I like, Jeannie?" There was something about her. It was different. She was strong but not overbearing. She was hot and sexy. I looked down at her chest to estimate her breast size. She wore a conservative top, but it couldn't hide her figure and I guessed she was a D cup.

I looked into her eyes and replied, "Yes, I'll do what you like."

"Can I get you something to eat?" Steve said.

"No thank you." She replied.

The waitress appeared "Anything else?"

We looked at each other and Carla promptly spoke up, "Just the check, please."

We each took another sip of our drink and a moment later the waitress returned with the bill. As soon as it the table, Carla picked it up, reached in her purse, pulled out a card then inserted it into the bill holder without looking at the bill.

Steve said, "Let me get that..."

She waved him away with her hand and looked him in the eye. "My treat."

We both thanked her and a moment later, the bill was returned for her signature.

"Are we ready to go?" she asked.

Steve and I looked at each other and both said, "Yes."

"Good. Follow me" Carla said as she turned and walked in front of us. Steve and I looked at each other, then followed her to a white Mercedes in the parking lot.

As she stepped into her car she spoke over her door, "Follow me. I don't live far. It will take just a few minutes." She said.

Steve and I each got in our cars and followed behind her. We headed up to the hills and the road began to wind around the hill. We were nearly at the top when she turned her Mercedes on to a driveway. Her window rolled down and she pointed behind us. "Just park over there on the street."

We parked our cars. I fiddled around getting my stuff in my bag to take with me in her house and I could see Steve outside, impatiently waiting. We walked across the street and up some elaborate brickwork to two large decorative oak doors inlaid with stained glass. Steve knocked.

Carla opened the door to let us in. "Oh there you are."

We looked around and saw a white tile floor, white walls with large chandelier hanging in the center.

"Come along," she said as she walked up a set of stairs.

We followed as she walked into a room and saw a large bed, adorned with overstuffed pillows and four bed posts that nearly reached the ceiling, supporting a canopy above.

We looked around the room and then back at her. She stood in front of us, staring at us both. Without changing her gaze, she reached behind her back and pulled down her zipper and let her dress slip down to her ankles. She stood there in her red bra and panties, displaying her body for us before stepping forward and out of her crumpled dress.

I stood there looking at her. From the corner of my eye, I saw Steve approach her, but her eyes remained on me. Steve reached out with his left arm as he passed her on her left side, before stepping behind her and facing me. Steve slowly wrapped his arms around her waist and lowered his mouth to her neck. She slowly tilted her head to side, exposing more of her neck for Steve to kiss. The whole time her eyes were locked on mine. She was enjoying me watching the show. Perhaps she was teasing me, hoping to elicit a jealous response with my man fondling her. Regardless, I thought what he was doing was hot and I enjoyed watching the action. I was also looking forward to some one on one action with her too.

Steve pulled himself against her and brought his hands upward, touching the underside of her bra. His hands then moved around her back as I watched her raise her arms over her head and back around to hold Steve's head. Her bra fell away, then Steve raised it over her arms and dropped it aside. Her arms remained over head and her large shapely breasts stood out from her chest; each topped with a large pink areola and nipple. Steve's hands wrapped around her, cupping her breasts and slowly kneading them while kissing her neck.

I stood there mesmerized at the site I was watching. She obviously enjoyed me watching her from across the room. Finally, she puckered her lips as to blow me a kiss then winked at me, snapping me out of trance. I walked over to her and could feel the wetness forming between my legs.

Her eyes never lost contact with mine and as I approached she leaned forward slightly, suggesting she wanted to kiss me. I walked up to her and planted my lips on hers and closed my eyes. Her arms fell down and around me and she pulled me close. I did likewise and wrapped my arms around her, taking in her perfume at full strength and feeling the warm skin of her back and breasts press against mine. Her tongue snaked far into my mouth and began toying with mine. Both of us tightened our embrace and pulled each other tighter. I began kissing her harder and faster. I could hear her breathing quicken as she returned my kiss.

Meanwhile, Steve slid his hands down her panties, with his palms against her cheeks, feeling her ass. He rose his hands higher and grabbing the seam, slid them down her legs until they fell to the floor. I had no idea he had removed the last of her clothing until I too reached down to grab her ass and felt bare skin.

In a sudden move, she walked forward forcing me backward. The bed caught my fall and I found myself looking up at her as she climbed on the bed on her knees. I looked down to her bright red bush—a triangle of fire between her legs-approach until it rested just above my face. With both knees on either side of my head, I watched her bright red nails pull her lips apart, revealing her light pink pussy as its aroma filled my nostrils. I saw her clit at the top and her opening at the bottom, just before she lowered her pussy to my mouth and her red pubes tickled my nose.

"Lick me, my dear." She commanded as she sat on my face.

I opened my mouth and extended my tongue. It touched the flesh of her pussy and I could taste the sweetness.

"Run your tongue over my clit."

I did as instructed, prompting her to reply, "That feels nice darling."

I worked my tongue hard, running it over her clit, up and down, side to side, working the top and bottom.

"That feels nice, keep going." She shifted forward, placing her vagina just over my tongue. I licked around her opening and touched the tip of my tongue to orifice, before she slid back. "Now lick my clit... oh yes, you do that nicely."

One of my legs was lifted and I could feel my shoe being removed, followed by my other shoe. Next, I felt Steve's hands working to remove my pants and in one motion, slide both my pants and panties off at the same time. My legs were lifted from behind my knees and I felt his mouth descend on my pussy. His tongue extended, working its way between my lips, reaching my clit. My body shook at the touch of my clit and I thrusted my hips towards him to let him know I wanted more.

Once more, Carla slid back and I licked her opening.

"Stick your tongue inside me" she instructed. I slid my tongue inside her hole, tasting her juice, which was even sweeter.

She reached down and grabbed my wrists, then brought my hands up. "Hold my tits" she said, as she placed my hands on her breasts.

"Squeeze them! Squeeze my tits hard!" she yelled. My hands and fingers clutched them grabbing them hard.

"Oh yes. Oh yes. That feels good." Her hips began to thrust back and forth, sending my tongue back and forth between her clit and vagina. Her thrusts became harder, then suddenly stopped. She grabbed my hands on her tits, pressing them hard and drew in a deep breath, the exclaimed, "Oh fuck!" Her legs began shuddering as an orgasm shook through her body. I ran my tongue furiously over her pink flesh as she came.

She got off me and stood on her knees on the bed next to me.

Steve was still eating me and I was close to an orgasm. His tongue was doing wonders on my pussy and I was soaking wet with my juice and his saliva.

She grabbed the bottom of my top and said, "Sit up a little." I did so and she raised my top over my head. "Sit up" she commanded as second time and I did so as she released my bra clasp and slid my bra over my head.

Her eyes stared at my breasts, "Nice," she said in approval. "Very nice." She took my left nipple into her mouth and sucked it hard, drawing it in. Once deep inside, I could her amble tongue licking it back and forth and all around.

Steve was working fast between my legs, rubbing his tongue on the top of my clit, just the way I like, before dropping down to my hole, then running back up. The whole scene was incredibly hot. Steve eating me out and this gorgeous naked woman on top of me, sucking my tit was incredible. It was more than I could stand and all of the sudden, my body convulsed in an orgasm, causing my breathing to stop momentarily.

"You like that?" she said. "You like having your pussy eaten and your breasts sucked on?"

"Oh yes," I said between breaths.

"Turn around." She said.

"Huh?" I said, not quite understanding what she wanted.

"Put your head here," she said, patting the bed near the end, "and your feet against the headboard."

I moved and Steve pulled away, his lips covered in my juices. I turned around and laid on the bed as she wanted. Next, she straddled my face and lowered her face between my legs in a 69 position. Her arms lifted my legs and she propped my feet on the headboard.

I watched as her fire red bush once more hovered above my face. Her lips were now wide open and wet, surrounded by her red bush. Her clit, now swollen protruded at the top. My tongue reached up to meet her pussy as it lowered down to my eager mouth and returned to lapping her clit.

She positioned herself and did a trial lick of my pussy before lifting her head up. "Steve, fuck me."

A moment later, Steve was positioned over my head and I could look up to see his hard cock sticking out from his balls. He positioned his cock, ready to enter her.

"Fuck me. Oh I need it! Stick your cock in me!" she yelled.

As I licked her clit I looked up to see the head of his cock run along the length of her pussy, then watched his head slide inside her a few inches. He thrust his hips and his cock slid inside further. She began moaning while she dug her tongue and mouth between my lips was working on my sensitive flesh.

Steve pulled his cock out slightly and thrust it back in deeper as his balls hit my nose. My tongue was licking her clit, tasting her pussy while I watched his cock fuck her pussy, all the while she was eating me. It was so hot watching him fuck her in front of my face as I licked her and she ate me. 

Steve's thrusts were slow, but picked up speed as it slid in and out while my tongue ran over her clit. I watched above as his cock pulled out of her pussy as it was slowly covered in her pussy juice. First it grew wet, then began to turn milky white as her vagina began to secrete its juices. Steve's balls began to tighten and her hips began to return his thrusts, making it hard to tongue her clit. Then Steve made a sudden deep thrust inside her, forcing her forward and I could see his balls pucker and a bulge travel through the underside of his cock, as his cum ran through his shaft, squirting inside her as he yelled, "Uuuughhh!" and groaned loudly. 

He remained inside her for a moment, then backed off, slowly sliding his cock out of her hole. Now semi erect, its head landed on my mouth, dripping its syrupy coat of cum. I opened my mouth, sucking his head in as the last of his cum dripped out of his cock onto my tongue. Evidently, he became too sensitive as he pulled away and his cock fell out of my mouth.

The taste of both his and Carla's cum was too much for me sending spasms through my groin. I could feel convulsions and tightening in my pussy, ass as another orgasm erupted from my loins.

"Oh wow," I heard Carla say as I squirt my warm fluid from my pussy, only to feel her tongue licking up my juices.

Carla repositioned her pussy on my mouth and I licked her clit. I looked up to see her gaping hole leaking her cum cream pie and I ran my tongue up to lap it up and taste the sweet and salty cum. It was thick and gooey but I loved it. I dove my tongue inside her to get as much as I could, savoring it.

"Lick my clit" she said, I returned running the tip of my tongue over her little pink bud. "Keep going, harder! Harder!" she said, as her hips began rocking faster. I could see her asshole pucker in and out. Although her face remained buried between my legs, I could hear her muffled scream as she came and I watched more of her cum drip out of her hole, down over her pussy and to her clit, where my tongue licked it up.

I had no idea how long we ate each other—a half hour, maybe over an hour. I was in an orgasmic bliss having a number of orgasms. I only know that my hips were wet and I must have left a big wet spot on the bed. Finally, Carla climbed off me and laid on the bed beside me, slowly catching her breath. Both of us were covered in perspiration and our mouths were wet from each other's juices.

Steve approached the side of bed. Carla looked over at his limp dick and grabbed it with her hand. She then moved over to the edge of the bed and pulled it into her mouth. I rose up slightly to see what was going on and I could see her sunken cheeks and her head bobbing up and down fast. Her rhythm changed so that she went down his shaft fast, then pulled back slow, stretching his cock and pulling it outward, making it hard. It wasn't long before it swelled up and pointed upward.

"Fuck me" she commanded.

Steve climbed on the bed and on top of her. He positioned himself and looked down at his rigid cock as he directed it between her legs and against her pussy. She moved slightly and I watched it disappear into her wet hole. She gasped as he entered her and began to pump his cock in and out.

I moved over towards them and looked into Carla's eyes. They were half open, as was her mouth. She was drunk with pleasure. Her eyes looked back at me but she really wasn't seeing me. She was enjoying the moment—his cock sliding up and down, in and out her pussy as her breasts bobbed up and down like waves in sync with his thrusts.

Steve began to pick up the pace then stopped. Grabbing both of her legs, he pulled them up high so her feet were up by his shoulders. This position allowed him to go deeper inside her and he rode her fast, but with his cock going deep inside her. With each thrust her tits bounced up and down and she made another noise. 

She closed her eyes and tilted her head back as I watched her gorgeous tits bounce. Her pink nipples were semi hard just begging to be played with. I moved over and cupped both of her white orbs with my hands and lowered my mouth to her right breast and sucked as much as I could into my mouth, then lightly bit her nipple before letting it plop back down. Her tits were so nice and I just loved to squeeze and suck them. 

After a few minutes of breast play, I moved around behind them to get a better view. I watched the muscles of his ass cheeks squeeze with each thrust and saw his balls dangle down below. Between his legs I could see her legs spread wide and her crotch as her ass was raised up off the bed. Her bright read bush eating his cock with each thrust and a wet trickle running down between her cheeks and over her asshole.

It wasn't long before Steve's thrusts became intense and he slapped his body against hers. He moaned and I could see his balls tighten up as he pumped his cum through his shaft and into her pussy. She was cumming too and I could hear her groan in pleasure. It was so hot watching them fuck.
