 Three nights after my first Club meeting, my wife was getting ready to go to another meeting. As she got ready, we talked about the past meeting and she told me that two of the other husbands had been invited to this evenings meeting. She said she hoped the other men would get as involved as I had but time would only tell. As she went out the door, she told me to come over in about half an hour. After she closed the door, my mind started wandering and I quickly got ready to go. Finally it was time to leave and I hurriedly went out the door on my way to the club room.

When I arrived, the women were all sitting around talking and there were two men sitting in the corner, watching the women as if they expected a show to start any minute. As I entered the room, all the women came over to welcome me with a kiss and a grope . They all teased me and my cock responded appropriately, rising in my pants. 

I went over to the two men and introduced myself. One of them didn't even look at my face as we shook hands, his eyes riveted to my hard cock straining against the front of my pants. I sat down beside him and started talking to them both. One of them asked what this was all about and I told him to watch and enjoy. I looked at the women and they had started pairing up and were in various stages of making love. Some of them were shedding clothes while others were kissing and fondling each other through their clothes. I looked at the two men and they had a surprised, astonished look on their faces as they watched the women. One of them let out a low whistle and the other just stared, almost not believing what he was watching.

I looked down at their crotches and they both had erections and were squirming in their seats. One of them, still watching the women, leaned over and asked if this happened all the time. I told him that it was only going to get better.

I looked at the women again and they had all stripped and were licking and sucking each other, fingering each other's holes. As I watched the women, I felt a hand on my zipper. I looked down and Jeff, who was sitting beside me, was trying to undo my zipper while he watched the nearest two women. I helped him and soon had a hand wrapped around my now free cock. I looked over at Tom and he had released his hard cock and was gently pumping his hand up and down its length as he watched two women 69 in front of him. Jeff let out a soft moan as he slowly pumped my cock, not taking his eyes off the women. I stopped Jeff and told him that it wasn't fair that his cock was still inside his pants. He quickly let go of my cock and unzipped his pants, revealing a long, hard cock, rising straight out from his groin. I wrapped my hand around it as he grabbed me again and we slowly pumped each other while keeping our eyes on the women.

Among all the groaning that was going on between the women, I heard a voice say, "Look girls, the men are ready for us." All of a sudden, there were female hands on us, pulling at our clothes, trying to strip us as quickly as they could. Of course, it wasn't only their hands they were using as my cock was fed into several mouths as my clothes were taken off. Jeff and Tom were getting the same treatment and soon all three of us were undressed and paraded into the middle of the floor. 

All the women were now sitting on the floor, looking at the three of us, admiring and comparing us as if we were cattle on auction. I felt hands on my cock and my ass as they continued to compare us and they laughed and somewhat argued over whom was going to get fucked by whom and in what order. There were six women and three men so it wasn't hard to figure out what was going to happen.

The two nearest women grabbed me and led me over to a small couch. One of them turned around, offering me her ass hole and I quickly plowed my cock into her. I slowly pumped in and out of her as the other woman moved behind me and started eating my ass hole, licking and sucking. She pushed a finger inside me, making me jump a little but also making me pump in and out of the woman in front of me, faster and harder. Soon we were moaning and the woman in front of me was getting loud, telling me to fuck her harder. I sped up my thrusting and tried to fuck the hell out of the ass hole I was in, soon coming to a giant orgasm, gushing come inside her over and over again. 

As I stopped coming, the woman behind me thrust a strap-on cock inside my ass and started pumping it in and out of me. I leaned forward a little to give her more access and looked around to see what else was happening in the room. I saw Jeff thrusting in and out of a cunt as the women he was fucking was eating my wife, as she sat on the other woman's face. I noticed Tom was on his back, a woman sitting on him, bouncing up and down on his cock as he ate the woman's cunt sitting on his face. I watched the other two men until the cock in my ass overcame me and I concentrated on the feeling of being fucked, closing my eyes, enjoying the hard cock. The woman in front of me, turned around and started to fondle my cock, trying to make it hard again as the other woman continued to fuck me. 

I finally couldn't take any more of the cock in my ass hole and asked the woman to stop. She did slowly stop thrusting into me and pulled the strap-on slowly out of me. I slumped forward, exhausted as my cock found it's way into a mouth. I looked down and the woman was sucking and licking my semi hard cock gently. She stopped after a few minutes and got up to join another group. My wife had gotten up and came over to take the woman's place, starting to suck gently on my cock. I held her head against my groin as she licked and sucked me, while the woman behind me, started to lick and suck my ass hole again. I leaned back and looked around the room again.

This time, I saw Jeff leaning forward as a woman had inserted a dildo inside his ass and was pumping it in and out of him. I saw Tom in a similar position but the woman behind him had another strap-on on and was thrusting hard in and out of his ass hole. What a picture, watching two men, whom I hadn't met until that night, being fucked by women, most of whom they didn't know either. As I watched Jeff, another woman moved in front of him and shook her ass at him. He didn't take long to enter her and was soon matching the pumping dildo with his thrusts. I marveled at the way they had gotten into a similar pumping motion as Jeff fucked and was fucked at the same time. I looked over at Tom and he was bent over the arm of a small couch, getting the fucking of a life time, as the woman fucked him as hard as she could with the strap-on. Another woman was sitting, thrusting a dildo in and out of her cunt as she watched Tom getting fucked. 

Jeff was the first one to give out and I heard him ask the woman fucking him to stop. Soon after, Tom stopped the woman fucking him and everyone sat back and relaxed. Hands continued to massage and fondle genitals as we all sat back and looked around at each other. 

The rest didn't last long as the woman started changing partners and I ended up fucking my wife as another woman sat on her face, thrusting her cunt down onto my wife's mouth. I watched my wife's tongue thrust in and out of the woman's cunt as she licked and sucked on her clit, making the woman groan in approval. I put my wife's legs over my shoulders and started thrusting in and out of her as hard and as fast as I could. I soon came again and held my spurting cock deep inside my wife as she continued eating the woman above her. I slowly withdrew my cock and sat back to watch my wife and the other woman. 

After a few minutes of watching the two women, I looked around the room again. Several of the women had paired up and were being fucked with a strap-on while sucking on cunts above their faces. I saw that Tom and Jeff had paired up to fuck another woman. Jeff was pumping in and out of her cunt as Tom was feeding his hard cock in and out of her mouth, slowly fucking her mouth. I watched the two men as they worked over the woman. Jeff soon started coming and held himself against the woman's groin as he pumped come up inside her. He waited until he had finished coming before pulling his now spent cock out of her. Tom continued to fuck the woman's mouth and moved so he was above her, slowly thrusting up and down, in and out of her mouth. I heard the two of them groan loudly as Tom started filling the woman's mouth with come. I could see her swallowing over and over again as Tom slowly yet gently pumped his spurting cock in and out of her mouth until he was finished. He withdrew his cock from her mouth and sat down, letting out a deep sigh as he did. Jeff had sat on the floor, leaning against the couch. He had a bemused grin on his face as he looked around the room. 

All the people in the room were spent now and as we sat, relaxing, some of the women gently fondled each other and murmured lovingly to each other. Other's just sat, looking around the room with glassy eyes, taking in all the people who were there. 

After what seemed like an eternity, two women got up and went into the bathroom, emerging with towels. They went around the room, gently and not so gently, cleaning cocks and ass holes as they went. My cock responded when I felt the wet towel around it. The woman wiping it off noticed it respond too and giggled as she continued. She took the towel away and leaned over, engulfing my cock in her mouth. She dropped the towel and got on her knees in front of me. She started working on my cock, licking and sucking up and down it's length. She was soon pumping up and down on my hard cock, swirling her tongue around its head and sucking it deep into her mouth. I looked over her shoulder and was amazed but not surprised at what I saw.

I noticed a lot of the women had paired up again and were working over each other but a few were watching Tom and Jeff. Tom was sitting on the edge of the couch with Jeff standing in front of him, holding his head as he pumped his hard cock in and out of Tom's mouth. I watched Tom's mouth suck Jeff's cock in and out and could see his tongue swirling around the head of Jeff's cock. Jeff had his head thrown back and was slowly pumping Tom's mouth. Tom took the hard cock out of his mouth and I heard him tell Jeff to come in his mouth. This seemed to spur Jeff on as he started to pump in and out of Tom's mouth a little faster. He had hold of Tom's head and was fucking Tom's mouth, thrusting his hips back and forth. One of the women sitting nearest Jeff was caressing his ass as he fucked Tom but Jeff didn't seem to notice. He was grunting and groaning, telling Tom he was coming and to swallow it all. Jeff froze as he came in Tom's mouth and I could see Tom swallowing as Jeff spurted come into him. 

Tom continued sucking on Jeff's cock until Jeff was finished coming and then gently took Jeff's cock out of his mouth, licking it a final time to get all the come off it. 

He quickly stood up and thrust his come covered tongue into Jeff's mouth, letting Jeff suck on it, tasting himself as he sucked. They continued kissing for a few minutes and then Jeff stood back and told Tom he wanted to fuck him. Tom quickly got over the arm of the couch and I came as Jeff slowly pushed his hard cock up Tom's ass. He waited for Tom a few times, letting him get used to his cock, until he was all the way inside him. Once he was, he started to slowly pump in and out of Tom's ass. As I finished filling the woman's mouth in front of me, I quickly looked around the room and most of the other women were watching to two men fuck.

I looked back over at the two men and Jeff was pumping in and out of Tom faster now. They were in a world of their own as they fucked, groaning and moaning as Jeff filled Tom's hole up with his cock. Jeff was telling Tom that he was going to fill his ass up with come and Tom's was telling Jeff to fuck him harder as the two men continued. I quickly looked around the room again and now all the women were watching the two men fuck. 

It was very erotic listening to the two men enjoy each other and to see the women watching, almost in awe, as the two men fucked. I felt a slight stirring in my bowel as I watched the two men and having never had a real cock up my ass, I was a little envious of Tom as Jeff fucked him. 

Soon Jeff started coming in Tom's ass and let out a loud grunt as he did. He continued pumping in and out of Tom and I could see his come, slowly oozing out of Tom. He finally held his groin against Tom's ass as he finished spurting his come deep inside Tom. 

As the two men parted, a woman sitting close to them, immediately leaped up and started to lick Tom's ass, sucking up Jeff's come as it oozed out of Tom. Another woman moved over to wipe Jeff off and gently suck his cock into her mouth. They continued for a few minutes and then all of them settled down to relax. Jeff had a big grin on his face and Tom was a little embarrassed as he sat down on the couch, looking around the room at all the woman. Several of them were smiling and a couple of them were clapping, telling the men that they had enjoyed watching them. The two men were lapping up all the attention as they sat spent on the couch and the floor.

It was the first time I had seen two men make love. I found it very erotic and I wondered if I could feel the same as Jeff and Tom had. I decided that I wanted to find out and after letting the women settle down, I told Tom and Jeff that I had enjoyed watching them and that I wanted to feel both their cocks up my ass before the night was over. 

A couple of the women joined in and said that they wanted to see me get fucked by the two men too. One of the women was my wife and she came over to me, a big grin on her face and she kissed me deeply while reaching for my cock. She whispered in my ear that she loved me very much and was looking forward to seeing a hard cock thrusting in and out of my ass. My cock came to attention when she told me that and I looked over at Jeff. He was still spent from fucking Tom but he grinned and said that he would fuck me as soon as he could. I looked at Tom and he was staring at my hard cock. He motioned with his head for me to come over to him and I stood up, walking across the room towards the couch the men were sitting on. My erection swayed as I walked and a couple of the women giggled as I neared the couch.

I stopped in front of Jeff and he reached up, taking my cock in his hand. He leaned forward and took my cock into his mouth, gently licking up and down it while his other hand fondled my balls gently. He held my balls in his hand as he licked and sucked on my cock. I noticed, out of the corner of my eye, Tom getting up and I felt his hand on my ass. He tried to push me down a little as he spread my cheeks, fingering my ass hole. He pushed a finger inside me and started pumping it in and out of me as Jeff sucked my cock deep into his mouth. The feeling was tremendous and I moved over Jeff a little, making him lean back on the couch so I could bend over, giving Tom access to my ass. Tom started finger fucking my ass faster, thrusting in and out of me. 

The position we were in was a little awkward so I pulled my cock out of Jeff's mouth and had him get onto his back on the floor. I straddled his body on my hands and knees and leaned down over Jeff's mouth, pushing my cock back inside him. I thrust my ass up in the air a little and Tom moved in between my legs, pushing his hard cock against my ass hole. I felt the head of his cock enter my ass and felt him slowly pushing it deep up my hole. Soon he was all the way into me and I could feel his balls resting against my as he held his cock still inside me. He rested in that position for an instance and then slowly started withdrawing his cock out of me again. He pulled out of me until only the head of his cock was inside me, then thrust it all the way back into me again. What a feeling to have a cock deep inside me, to feel it twitching and moving, caressing the walls of my anus. I wanted to feel it thrusting in and out of me so I turned my head and told Tom to fuck me and to fuck me harder.

He started thrusting in and out of me, slowly at first and then harder and faster. Every time he thrust completely into me, I felt his balls slap my ass. I started talking to him, telling him to fuck me harder and faster and he did, thrusting in and out of me as hard as he could. I couldn't see the women sitting around us but I could hear a few of them telling Tom to fuck me hard. I could feel the come starting to swell in my cock. I gasped at Jeff that I was coming. He took my cock as deep into his mouth as he could and I started spurting come into him. He swallowed as best he could without gagging and didn't miss a drop as I came over and over again inside him. Tom continued to pound in and out of my ass as I came and it was a feeling I had never had before. Coming in someone's mouth and getting fucked at the same time. I finished coming in Jeff's mouth but I wanted to feel Tom's come spurt up my ass hole.

Jeff took my cock out of his mouth and moved out from under me. This gave me the freedom to lean further down, raising my ass up in the air more so Tom could really fuck me hard. It felt so good to have a hard cock thrusting in and out of me. It was a different feeling then having a strap-on cock inside me and I was enjoying the experience tremendously. 

Tom was really grunting now as he continued to pound my ass. I could feel his cock twitching as it rubbed the insides of my bowels. I was in the throes of coming again as I felt Tom starting to come. He pounded in and out of me several more times before giving out a loud grunt as he started to spurt his come up my ass hole. I could feel the warmth of his come as he spurted over and over again and I could feel some of it, oozing out of my ass, running down my legs. He finally stopped thrusting and held his cock as deep inside my ass as he could. He waited until he had finished and then slowly started to withdraw his cock from my ass. When he finally popped out of me, he took a couple of steps back and Jeff moved in between my legs, leaning against me, holding me down in position, as he thrust his hips forward, entering me with his hard cock.

Jeff's cock was bigger than Tom's and I immediately felt the difference. Jeff started to thrust in and out of me quickly and I could feel his cock rubbing against the walls of my canal as he thrust in and out. He didn't waste any time in pounding in and out of me and he grunted every time he thrust fully into me. His balls slapped my ass louder that Tom's had and his thrusts were more even and consistent. He moved up over me, straddling my ass, his legs on either side of me. He started thrusting harder but the angle had changed so he was thrusting more up and down than before. I could feel his breath against my back as he pounded into me. He was panting a little and could feel the sweat dripping on my back. He continued to pound into my ass until he finally came with a loud groan and again I felt warm come, spurting up inside me. 

He pumped his cock in and out of me a few more times and then held himself against my ass as he came fully inside me. His come started oozing out of my ass too and again I felt it running down my legs as he finished. He slowly withdrew his cock and I fell forward, gasping for air as the two men had completely fucked me and had worn me out. 

After a few minutes rest, I turned around and looked around the room. Tom and Jeff were sitting on the couch, grinning at me and most of the women were looking at me, smiling and grinning at me, as I looked around. It had been the most exciting sexual experience I had ever had and I wanted it to last. I rested for a long time and watched the women. Tom and Jeff didn't move either but sat with satisfied looks on their faces, also watching the women. 
