 This is a continuation of our story about our obsession with our neighbors and the way they’ve introduced us to group sex.

Bonnie – WF, 5’, 140 lbs with soft 38 D’S Roger – he’s a WM, 6’ 4”, slim & tanned with a really big cock Sharon – she’s 5’5”, 130 lbs with soft 40 C’s Craig – he’s a WM, 6’, 185 lbs with an 8” dick Shawn – he’s a WM, 6’, 185 lbs with a 7” dick

When I met Sharon for lunch I told her that I wouldn’t be able to make the theatre. Something had “come up”. 

She asked “Is everything ok?” 

“Yes, I just have something important to do.”

“Well I’m not going to let you stand me up without knowing why. Tell me what’s going on.” “I’m meeting someone.” Then I told her the story about Saturday night.

“So just how big is it?”

I held up my hands and said “It’s this long and I needed both hands to stroke it!”

“I’ve heard about big dicks but have never really seen one. Isn’t it kind of scary?”

“It was more exciting than scary. When I saw it I couldn’t believe the size and I couldn’t imagine not trying to get it inside of me. And when I did I was amazed at how it felt. When I began to ride up and down, I went into a trance. I felt so different”

“Do you realize what you’re doing to me? I’m so wet that I’m afraid to stand up.”

“And you haven’t even seen it! Imagine how you’d feel with it either in front of you or inside you!” “That’s a great idea! Take me with you!”

“No way!”

“Oh come on! It’s not like sharing your husband. It’s a cock!”

“Well, there’s something else. He’s bringing some friends . . .”

“You’re kidding!?”

“No, I’m dead serious. I asked him to meet me and he told me that he and his wife belong to a swapping club. He called it “The Club”. And if I wanted him to bring some friends, he would. I was so horny and he didn’t do much except let me play with his cock. I asked him to go down on me and he said ‘I don’t do that!’ So the thought of several men was too much to pass up. I told him sure! I figured that there’s got to be a cunt licker among them.”

“Well, wouldn’t you like some company? Just to be safe?”

“Are you sure you want to do this with me?”

“I’m absolutely sure! I’m too curious, not to mention horny! After getting me all worked up you can’t just leave me like this. Come on, take me with you! But let’s go to the ladies room first. I need to take off this wet underwear.”

Roger had given me the address of his friend’s house. When he answered the door, he saw Sharon at my side and asked, “Bonnie, what’s going on?”

She stepped through the door and said “Hi, I’m Sharon. When Bonnie told me about your cock I made her bring me along. And when she told me that you were bringing friends, I told her she shouldn’t go alone! So, let’s meet your friends.”

He closed the door and I said “I hope you don’t mind. She insisted on coming with me and I figured that if you liked fucking my pussy that you’d enjoy hers too!” I reached down and put my hand on his pants and felt his quickly rising cock. “Did you take your medicine?”

“We all did!” two nice looking younger men were sitting on the couch, cocktails in hand. They stood up to greet us. I immediately recognized them. I’d met them at a party at Roger’s during the summer. They were smiling and said “Hello Bonnie. It’s nice to see you again.”

“It’s nice to see you. I’d like you to meet my friend Sharon. Sharon, this is Craig, and this is Shawn. Do your wives know about this?”

“Sure they do. Didn’t Roger tell you? They’re over at Roger’s with Shellie and your husband.”

“My, my, you guys really thought this over, didn’t you?”

“More than you know!”

Sharon said “Hello boys. Are you sure you fine young things are interested in women our age?”

Shawn replied, “I’ve learned long ago not to worry about a woman’s age. I’ve found that older women appreciate what us younger men can do.”

Sharon smiled and said “Oh Shawn, I think we’re going to get along just fine! But I must admit, Bonnie’s told me all about Roger and I can’t wait to see what she’s been talking about. Why don’t you two have another drink while we get acquainted?”

Shawn said “Let’s go upstairs to the playroom.” He led us up to a bedroom that has two king size beds side by side. There were hand towels and assorted toys spread out on its surface. All around the bed, facing it, were overstuffed easy chairs.

I walked over to a vacant chair and said “Roger, come over here and let’s get comfortable.” I had him sit down. I knelt in front of him and slipped off his shoes. I undid his belt and then I pulled down his zipper. He stood up so that I could pull down his pants. He wasn’t wearing underwear and he was now shaved! I asked “When did you shave?”

“After you guys left us on Saturday night Shellie decided that she loved Frank’s hairless dick. She shaved me right then. Do you like it?” 

“Oh yes! Now it’s even better! Now I can do this!” I started to lick his huge balls and sucked one into my mouth. I looked up and saw that Roger was looking Sharon over. In her suit you couldn’t really see much about her figure. The jacket covered her top but the short skirt showed promise. She’s built better than me. A little taller, slimmer and her legs look great! 

Without waiting for an invitation Sharon walked over to us and knelt next to me, slyly moving me out of the way. 

“Oh my god! It's fucking huge!! I can see what you mean! This is beautiful!” And then she reached out and placed both her hands around his erection. She leaned forward and put her mouth over its head and she began to run her hands up and down its length. 

She took one hand away and shoved it under her skirt. She touched herself for a moment and when she pulled her hand out it was glistening! She switched hands and started to smear his cock with her juices. When she had both hands back on his member she pulled back and looked up at him. “I love to taste myself!” And then she started licking him from the base of his shaft all the way to the head of his cock. 

I was watching him look at me with a huge grin on his face. I pulled my skirt up and pushed my panties aside. I put my hand between my legs and started to finger myself. I wanted to get good and wet so that my new obsession wouldn’t have any trouble filling me. I raised my voice and said “Hey! Don’t be a bitch! Is this how you thank me for bringing you along?” 

Sharon stopped licking him and turned her head. “I’m so sorry!” She smiled and said “Not! You got me all worked up and everything you said is true! I never imagined anything like this!” 

I stood up and quickly shed my clothes. I walked my naked self towards them. I told her “Just back off and get undressed. I’ve got some business to attend to.” 

She stood up and fumbled with her outfit. Like me, she couldn’t take her eyes off of his cock. I walked to him and gave him a deep kiss while I felt his member. I turned my back to him, put my hands on the chair’s arms and lowered myself onto his cock. It was hard to get started. I pushed down and his cock head stretched my cunt. I licked my fingers and rose up so that I could try to make myself a little wetter. I tried again and gasped as he started to enter me. I threw my head back and tried to get him as deep as possible. 

Roger was not paying attention to me but was watching Sharon undress. She seemed to be enjoying the attention. She was trying to be coy but I could tell she was in a hurry. When she undid her blouse and unhooked her bra I heard him say “Nice!” And when she pushed down her skirt and stepped out of it I could swear I felt him get harder. 

“Here, let me help.” Sharon was in front of us with her hands between my legs, fingering the base of his cock. “I’ve got to try this.” I looked down and she was licking his enormous balls. I touched her cheek to get her attention. She looked up and I asked her, “Is it just like I said?”

“It’s even better!” was her reply. 

And then, I was surprised by what she did next. As I watched her, she looked into my eyes and started to lick his shaft. And she licked all the way up to me! She started to lick my cunt lips, and then she gave my clit a slight tease. She pulled her head back and used her finger to tease my clit. 

“You taste awfully good. If I make you cum will you let me have a turn?” 

I couldn’t help but smile. “Sure!” 

Sharon leaned forward and put her lips to my clit. I knew that I wouldn’t last very long while riding this huge cock and getting licked at the same time. I couldn’t decide what was better. My pussy being filled by his cock or the gentle stimulation of my clit. I didn’t have long to think about it as I felt that warmth and tingling start to well up inside of me. Oh Jesus! This has got to be one of the most intense orgasms that I’ve ever experienced! I grabbed Sharon’s head and held it tight. I couldn’t keep up the movement. I pulled her against me and had the most wonderful climax! 

I didn’t have much time to enjoy the moment as Sharon pulled away and said “My turn!” 

I pushed myself up and had to put my hand to myself to try and hold onto the feeling. As soon as I had I stepped away Sharon moved forward and began to stroke him again. She said to Roger, “Would you suck on me to get me ready?” 

“I don’t do that.” was his reply. Sharon raised her eyebrows and said “I’d heard that but didn’t believe it. How can you not eat women?” 

“I will!” It was Shawn. He and Craig both had dicks in their hands and were watching us. I looked at them and they both had promising dicks. Craig looked like 8” and Shawn was just a little smaller. Shawn stood and quickly got undressed. He moved behind Sharon and started to run his hand along her back moving down towards her ass.

“Why don’t you suck on him while I suck on you?” 

With that said, she once again turned her attention to the monster. 

Shawn tried to find a way to get to her cunt but was having some trouble. “Let’s move to the bed.” He pointed and said “Lay on the bed. Roger can feed you while I lick you silly.” 

Sharon got on the bed, lay down on her back and spread her legs giving him easy access to her cunt. Roger had no problem with kneeling on the side of the bed and was stroking his cock as he presented it to her willing mouth. Like me she was having trouble with his size but he wasn’t hesitating as he tried to pump it in and out of her mouth. Sharon seemed to be having a great time. She had one hand on Roger’s cock and the other was on Shawn’s head. 

I walked to the bed and sat down so I could watch. Shawn was licking her lips and sucking her clit. He started to tongue fuck her and brought his hand up so he could finger her. After just a couple of minutes she let loose of Roger and grabbed Shawn with both hands. She started to moan and talked to Shawn. “Oh yes! That’s perfect! Oh please, oh, oh yes!” And she went into shuddering spasms as she came! Roger now lay on his back. 

“Sharon, are you ready for this?” 

Well, she was obviously fired up so she began to straddle him. I could see that like me, she was having just a little bit of trouble with getting him inside her the first time. She got up and rolled over onto on her hands and knees. She looked over her shoulder and said “Come fuck me!” 

Roger stood up and moved behind her. He licked his hand and smeared it onto the head of his dick. He pressed forward and tried to work himself into Sharon. He pushed forward and she began to gasp. “Oh, I don’t know how I’m going to be able to take this.” 


I could see that she had to be awfully wet because each time he pulled his cock back it was glistening. He was only in a couple inches in but each stroke was going deeper. Sharon had her eyes closed and was concentrating on pushing back, trying to help him. Then she looked in my direction and smiled. “I’m so wet! And like you said, this is so exciting!” 

Craig was now undressed and standing behind me. His arms came around me and he began to massage my erect nipples. I could feel his 8” hard on between my ass cheeks, slowly stroking up and down. He whispered “I’d love to fuck you! I was so disappointed when we met and Roger told me that you weren’t part of “The Club”. You’ve got a great ass and I’d love to cum in it!” I turned and gave him a great big kiss. I pulled away and sat down in a chair. 

“I want you to lick me first. Work my clit! Get me off and we’ll see what happens next!” 

He knelt before me and started to kiss my tits. He was sucking my nipples and using his teeth to nibble them. His hand was at my cunt and he was fingering me. He started to move down licking and kissing me from my belly to my thighs. He finally settled in on my cunt and tongued me. He moved his tongue up to my clit as he worked two fingers into my cunt. Oh, it felt really good. Then, with his free hand, he started to finger my asshole. 

I stopped him by pushing his hand away and saying “No! Please don’t do that!” 

He pulled away, looked up at me and said “Have you ever tried it?” 

“No! It seems so disgusting! Frank always wants to play with my ass and I keep telling him no! What is it with guys and asses?” 

Craig smiled and softly said, “Well, it’s like you girls and Roger’s big dick! And after he’s had his way with you us smaller guys have trouble trying to fill you like he can. So we go to the alternative. And anal foreplay really can be quite pleasurable. Most people find that anal stimulation intensifies an orgasm. It’s not like I’m trying to stick my dick up your ass. I’m just trying to use my finger to make you feel good.” 

“How would you like it if I did it to you?” 

“I love it when a woman sucks on me with her finger up my ass!” He went on. “Have you ever had an enema? The nozzle is like a long finger and when it’s lubricated it doesn’t hurt. If I give you a good cleaning, and if I promise to be gentle, will you at least try it?” He stood up and reached out to me. “Come with me.” 

I decided to go with it. He was being patient and not pushy. He led me into the bathroom. There was an enormous tub that was big enough for at least two people. These guys obviously know how to party. “Lay in the tub and I’ll clean you up.” He placed a gel type pillow under my head and said “Relax! I promise that you’ll enjoy this!”

He turned on the water it wasn’t long before it warmed up. Then he used his hands to spread the warm water over my pubic area. He soaped me up and gently washed me. I watched as Craig pulled out an enema kit. He filled it up and used some KY to lubricate the tip. Then he spread some KY around my asshole. “Put your legs up here on the sides of the tub.” Then I felt him slowly insert the nozzle. He was very gentle and smiling as he finished the insertion. “Now, I’ll fill you up.” I felt the warm liquid fill me and the sensation was pleasant. I closed my eyes and concentrated on relaxing. “Now I’m going to pull it out and I want you to empty yourself.” 

When I was done he washed me again. He reached down, pulled me up, helped me out of the tub and then he toweled me off. “Now, where were we?”

He led me back to the bedroom and had me sit in a chair. He knelt down and started to finger my pussy. He inserted two fingers and began reaching for my g spot. He said “Let me know when you are close to cumming.” And he went back to work. I scooted down and opened my legs wider. His tongue searched out my clit and I held his head. He felt good. He was gently probing my clit with his tongue. He put his hands under my legs and lifted them over his shoulders. Then he started to finger me again.

I looked over to the bed and found that things were progressing nicely. Now it was Shawn who was lying down and Sharon was playing with his prick. She was kneeling with her ass in the air while Roger was pounding her from behind. From here I had a perfect view of his beautiful cock as he stroked in and out. He was pulling almost all the way out before he pushed it all the way in. The strokes were long and every couple of strokes he would pull her hips close and hold her tight like he was trying to get as deep as he could. As I watched him fuck her I began to tingle as I remembered how awesome it felt to have his cock fill me up. 

Then Shawn said “I’m getting ready to cum!” Sharon pulled her head away and stroked him. He started to squirt and she stroked faster. She took him in her mouth again and sucked him some more. Then Roger pulled out and walked over to me. He was quickly stroking his cock and put it next to my face. “I’m getting close. Will you suck me now?” 

As he put it to my lips he started to cum. He shot his load and I had cum in my mouth and all over my face. I swallowed and said “Oh, Craig! That feels so good!” I was now coming very close to getting off and told him so. I started to run my hands through his hair and pulled his head in just a little tighter. As I started to arch my back it happened! This time he didn’t give me a warning. I felt a finger at my ass and wham! It was in me! He pushed it all the way in and it felt like he was trying to fuck my ass as he stroked it in and out. That’s when I found out he was right! My orgasm was intense! 

“Oh my god!” was all I could say. He continued to suck my clit and his finger now moved slightly side to side instead of in and out. After a minute he pulled his head away and slowly pulled out his finger. 

“So, was I right?” 

I looked at him and said “I hate to admit it, but yes you were! That was incredible!”

Sharon asked “What was incredible?” 

Craig said “I introduced Bonnie to something new. Are you interested?” 

She asked me “Am I?” 

I said “Oh yeah, I think you are! Craig, I think its Sharon’s turn.” Craig took her by the hand and led her to the bathroom.

Shawn came over to me and knelt down. He leaned forward and started to lick and suck my tits. His touch was gentle, giving me goose bumps. I felt his hand on my thigh and he moved it toward my pussy. He slid his fingers in and curved them up searching for my pleasure spot. His thumb was softly stroking my clit, which was now so sensitive. I felt like there was a connection between my erect nipple and my clit! Oh, he’s good! I could feel yet another climax coming on . . . I grabbed his head and asked him to suck me off. He used his free hand to tweak my nipples. He licked his way down until he reached my erection. He slipped his tongue up and opened up my slit. He sucked ever so gently and then he used his tongue to replace his thumb and stimulate my clit. Then he pulled his fingers out and started to probe my butt with his wet fingers. 

He started to slip one in and I didn’t resist. This made him bolder and he said “I’ve got another idea. Wait right here.” He went to the bed and picked up some toys. He returned with a couple of items and said “These are plugs. They’re better than fingers. Pick one.” 

I looked at the different sizes and found one that was not too long or too wide. As I looked at it he said “Do you want to put it in or should I?” I handed it to him and he covered it with KY. He knelt in front of me and began to eat me again. “Ready?”’ he asked. I nodded and he brought the head to my ass and slowly inserted it. I closed my eyes and he began to lick me. It felt wonderful. When it was all the way in Shawn stopped licking me and said “I can’t wait any longer.” 

He pulled me up out of the chair, turned me around, and bent me forward. Then he shoved his cock into my pussy. He said, “I’ve wanted to fuck you for so long!” He started to pound away and lost all interest in what I wanted. He was pounding away and then he pulled out and turned to Roger. “Here you go! You’ve stretched her so much I can hardly feel a thing!” 

Roger walked behind me and put his cock against my cunt lips. Once its head was in he quickly plunged forward trying to get it all in. He was really giving me a good working over. Shawn was standing next to me and he started to play with the plug. He moved it in and out, just a little at a time. It felt strange, but it didn’t hurt. Since I wasn’t protesting, he started to lengthen the strokes. All of a sudden Roger stopped and pulled out of me. “Come over here.” was all he said. 
