 London was cold and wet, which for the middle of July was not a great sign that the tennis tournament was going to go down a storm at all. In fact, it was a racing certainty that any event booked outdoors in July would attract a deluge of rain, no matter what the weather was like the day before or the day after. British weather just did that to you, slapped you on the back of the head and said don’t mess with me by arranging anything more than 24 hours in advance. It was a bastard and it knew it.

Thankfully she wasn’t playing, just watching, but watching nothing wasn’t very exciting at all, and at least if there was play on it was a good reason to sit outside in the sun and have a drink. With no play the chances are she would be stuck in the bar with a bunch of white shorted men and women discussing the most appropriate string tension to use on a Slazenger 600P racket. Oh no, she couldn’t face an afternoon of that. Please God, let it be sunny.

She was lazing in the bath, lazing as much as you could do when your five foot nothing and the bath is six foot four. Her boyfriend loved it because he was bath sized, she had to sort of wedge herself in and hope she didn’t slide under unexpectedly.

Funnily enough she was thinking about sex. Well, she did about ninety percent of the time when she was in the bath, because that’s what warm water and a naked body did for her. She couldn’t help look at herself naked without thinking of being fucked, or to be precise, having been fucked.

And she thought about fucking most of the time because that’s what she enjoyed doing most, well apart from drinking, but she couldn’t quite place them in order, drinking first and fucking second, or the other way around. Either way, she didn’t day dream of drinking in the bath that was for sure.

Contrary to popular belief she didn’t get that much sex. Oh she talked about it all the time, and was as flirty as they come, but she didn’t get that much sex. Her boyfriend had lost his sex appeal a long time ago, and her sex life was now confined to the odd drunken fuck every now and again. She had started planning drinking sessions away from home with the express strategy to get fucked by somebody. Some man somewhere was going to get fucked when she appeared in town, he just didn’t know it yet; but somebody was going to fuck her when she wanted it, she always got her way.

The day dream this morning was about her recent trip to Bristol, ‘to see some college friends’ as she had told her boyfriend. Number one plan on the trip was to get a fuck, and she had, and it was OK, nothing amazing, but it was a fuck after all. She was a bit pissed and his face was a bit of a hazy memory now but his cock wasn’t and she held onto the feeling of somebody inside her because she knew her next fuck might be a while away yet.

It was time to get out of the bath anyway, she had to get ready and get down the club to watch the first match postponed due to the rain, so Amanda got up, and wrapped herself in a towel and headed for the bedroom.

As it was a sporting occasion she thought she thought she best go sporty looking, so decided that she would give it a bit of a tennis look and opted for the tennis skirt and white-shirt, which over the top she threw a sweat top. She wasn’t playing but looking the part was all important and when she looked in the mirror she thought she had hit the mark perfectly. Sport, sexy and chic, difficult to manage in rain soaked London, but the members of David Lloyd would appreciate the effort she was sure.

Amanda left the house and drove to the club, planning to leave her car there over night in case she drank too much; well that was guaranteed.

The club was busy when she arrived and she headed through reception, passed the pool, and headed straight into the bar area, where the players were gathering, watching the rain sodden courts outside with anguish and longing. Tennis players really did get all emotional over rained off games.

Her boyfriend was already seated, pint in hand, not a good sign.

“When are you starting,” Amanda asked him and the group together.

There was much shaking of heads.

“No fucking chance of any play today,” her partner responded dejectedly, “fucking going to rain all afternoon they reckon, so absolute wash out.”

The players all nodded and shook their heads at the same time. Amanda knew that this afternoon was going to be dull as dishwater.

“Well, I am going to get myself a large one then,” and she headed for the bar, not asking if anybody else wanted one, because she knew they all did and that was one hell of a round to get in.

“Large Bacardi and Diet Coke please,” she might as well start as she meant to go on.

The drink appeared and she took a very large mouthful, swallowing it all down in one and then going in again for another swig. She was going to get pissed.

She rejoined the group and grabbed a seat opposite some of the men, the women all having retired to the changing rooms, deciding that they might as well go home or go shopping if no play was going to happen. Only the men seamed to want to hang around hoping the sun might shine and the courts dry up, men had that inbuilt ability to hang around waiting for anything even if there was only a 1% chance of it happening. Women were far too sensible and realistic.

Amanda now didn’t give a fuck what happened because she had drained her first Bacardi and was onto her second large one.

The conversation was still on tennis and probably would be for some time. It was now nearly three and with all hopes of play abandoned some of the more sociable where planning what they could do next.

“Well I vote we keep drinking for a few more hours,” was Amanda’s contribution to the conversation. She was four drinks in now, and those who noticed that she was becoming more pissed and more flirty seconded her motion.

By five the air was blue, and the women had all departed apart from one, and it was six men and Amanda left, her boyfriend now extremely pissed and threatening to go home for much needed sleep.

Amanda was having none of it, and was already sending somebody off to the bar for another round, not sure how many they had already drunk but now to pissed to care and too pissed to stop.

Dave was trying to decide if they should all go for a curry, a Chinese, to a pub, or stay where they were.

Who was hungry?

Half of them!

Who fancied a pub?

The beer here was subsidised and they had a seat!

Who was hungry?

Shut up Dave!!

There was no consensus so the consensus was to not change anything, the bar was not quite as Saturday night was night a big drinking night down David Lloyd, and the far corner area by the television had been turned into their own private drinking club, and they had scared off anybody within about 40 feet. Julie got bored and decided enough was enough, leaving Amanda with seven men, well six now. Her boyfriend had got thoroughly pissed and Julie said she would drop him off at home if he wanted, he wanted to go, Amanda didn’t care, so the total number fo men was now six. Six to One; Amanda fancied the odds.

“Right then,” Nigel wanted some entertainment, “what can we play!”

They all looked at each other, the middle classes not being experts at drinking games, especially the North West London variety.

Amanda’s mouth opened before her brain kicked in.

“Truth or Dare?” she suggested

Nods of approval all round, the odd here here, and of course, they all knew he was now going to have to go first.

“Amanda first then,” Dave decided, “Truth or Dare?”

Amanda had walked into it.

“Truth,” she didn’t want any dares just yet.

Dave had decided she was going first, so he got to ask the first question, and he decided to set the tone as low as possible.

“When did you last suck cock,” he shouted as quietly as a pissed 40 year old with the horn can.

Thankfully nobody could here the question although a few did hear the laughter and whistling that followed it.

“You fucker,” Amanda responded, “but as a rule I don’t suck cock, not something I really like doing.”

The table booed.

“We didn’t ask you if you liked doing Amanda, we asked you when you last did it,” Dave wanted his question answering.

Amanda was too pissed to argue.

“I sucked the financial controllers cock at work about 6 months ago in an empty office on my knees,” she spoke, they all choked.

Cheering started, tables were banged, Amanda sat back and smiled, her skirt riding further up her thighs, but they she didn’t care.

“And no telling my fucking boyfriend that you bastards,” she added lamely.

The table all laughed most of them because they hadn’t even thought about it. Only one laughed because he had, and now she had just put the idea firmly in his head.

Dave was on a roll.

“Well, Amanda, given you’ve just given us that lovely bit of information then I thinks its only right that you go again, you wouldn’t want us all talking now would you.”

Fuck it; Amanda thought instantly, what did I just fucking say.

The table went silent, the men realising that she had just told them she had sucked the cock of a colleague in work, and her boyfriend obviously didn’t know. Pure fucking gold dust they thought as one.

“Fucking truth again then,” Amanda knew she was in deep shit.

Nigel jumped in.

“Tell us what happened then, every detail.”

Amanda drank back a very large mouthful of Bicardi and looked at the six horny men in front of her. Fuck it, she might as well give them the horn.

“Well nothing really, he just managed to get some keys for his old office one lunch time, he took me there, I got on my knees and sucked his big hard cock in my mouth,” they all looked on opened mouthed, “oh and then he bent me over the desk, pulled my skirt up, and fucked my cunt as hard as it as ever been fucked before,” Amanda was in full swing now, “then he pulled his cock and and spunked all over my arse,” that was short and succinct, “as I said, nothing much really.”

She sat back and smiled, her pussy now wet as she recalled the very lunchtime, and also wet because she could see that she had just given six men erections in 30 seconds flat.

Those same six men just sat and took it all in, all the time watching Amanda’s skirt as it gave glimpses of the top of her thighs, and staring at her tits as her nipples became obviously hard under her t-shirt.

“Fucking hell, you dirty cow,” was the only thing Nigel could manage.

Nobody else said anything, they were too busy imagining Amanda on her knees with a thick cock in her mouth, or her bent over a desk being fucked senseless.

Dave was the first to gain some level of sense again.

“Truth or Dare,” he asked Amanda again.

“Fucking hell, is it just me having to do this or is anybody else going to take part.”

The bar was completely empty now and the club was virtual empty of any members, it was due to close in 45 minutes and most people had left.

“Well, you owe us one more Amanda, after making us all fucking horny,” Dave smiled

Amanda smiled back, she knew she had given them erections so it would be cruel not to give them one more treat.

“OK then, Dare,” she knew she would regret saying it but she was pissed as she could get without falling over and she didn’t want to let those cocks go down just yet.

Dave looked stunned, he thought she would go for another Truth, and he hadn’t thought of a dare. Well he had but he wasn’t sure he wanted to say it out loud.

“Your sure,” he asked her, giving her time to back out if she wanted.

“Yeh, fuck it, give it your best shot,” the now very pissed Amanda looked around the table.

They all looked at Dave and prayed. Make it a fucking good one they longed, give David Lloyd a new legend.

“Right then, come into the mens changing rooms and give us a re-make of your lunch time cock and fucking show,” Dave had gone for broke,

Amanda thought for a second and then smiled.

“Well as I said, I don’t suck cock, but maybe I will give you a quick performance if you’re all good boys and buy me another drink.”

Nigel was at the bar in a second, a very large Bacardi, and it was back at the table and in Amanda’s hand within the minute.

“Right then,” Amanda stood up, “come on then lets get going,” and she walked out of the far door, past the ladies changing rooms and then turned left into the corridor that led to the men’s changing rooms. Six very eager men followed trying to hide their erections.

The changing rooms were empty, everybody left for the night, and Dave ordered two of the stragglers to make sure the door was locked or blocked or anything. The final check had already been made, bins emptied, so nobody should be coming round now, but it wouldn’t be good to be caught.

Amanda had walked into the middle section of the three sectioned room, opposite the main mirrors and hair dryers. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled a very pissed smile. What the fuck are you doing you daft cow she asked herself, and then smiled again, she was going to be a legend.

The men all appeared and Dave was spokesperson again.

“Right then Amanda, so what do we get then?”

Amanda stood at the centre of the group, who were now seated on the wooden benches used for changing. Her audience were now getting extremely excited, not sure about what, but they were excited, and Amanda knew that this had better be a good performance, pissed as she was.

“Well, I guess the first thing you would all want to see is my tits are arse?” a rhetorical question if ever there was one.

Six heads nodded, five mouths said yes, one said fuck yes.

The mirrors on the wall behind her gave her an easy viewing platform when she turned away from the six men, she could see them fully in the mirror which stretched the entire length of the wall. She could see six men’s eyes trained on her arse, still hidden by the tennis skirt, and the tennis knickers she had worn.

Amanda moved her right foot so that her feet for a good two feet apart, lent forward and raised her skirt slowly, the triangle formed by her legs and the floor becoming bigger the further the skirt rode up her legs. By the time the triangle was complete her skirt was up and over her arse.

Her tennis knickers were white and large and sporty, and have no clue to what was underneath, they needed taking down, and Amanda didn’t want to disappoint.

She reached to the top of the knickers, just by her waist and slowly manoeuvred the material down and over her arse, pulling them nice and slowly to reveal inch by inch her soft flesh, then her arse cheeks, and then finally as the knickers came down past the final curves, her pussy become visible to the eager watchers, all six mouths opening at once as her nearly fully shaven cunt appeared to them for the first time.

Amanda looked into the mirror and watched as they all stared directly at her pussy, and she opened her legs a little bit more so that her lips were now fully visible and parted slightly, necks and heads shifted slightly to get a better look.

“I hope you all enjoy looking at that,” she was looking at them now in the mirror moving from face to face, “you all seem to be getting a good look anyway.”

“You’re a fucking dirty little bitch that’s for sure,” Dave was speaking again, “so what about seeing those tits of yours then?”

More nods, more grunts, more cocks hardening in their shorts.

Amanda stood up straight and moved to the sinks in front of the mirrors and lent against them, resting her now bare arse against the polished wood.

She was scanning the faces, all now sweating, redder than before, the drink and the sight of her cunt raising the temperatures of the audience; an audience who she knew would fuck her there and then is she let them.

“I guess I said I would show you my tits you dirty fuckers, but after that then we will see.”

She lifted her t-shirt above her head and took it straight off, and stood their just in her sports bra. Her hands moved to her back and she quickly unclasped the bra, pulling it up and over her read, moving her hands back to her tits and pushing them together, making her small cleavage into a much bigger one, and accentuating her nipples, which where rock hard.

“That was easy, cunt and tits, you’ve seen them both now,” was this the end of the show? She didn’t think so. “So, I guess we will have to leave in 10 minutes so I guess we need to have one more dare hadn’t we?”

Nods, winks, grunts, more nods, more hard cocks.

Dave took speaker role again.

“I think you should let one of us fuck you while the others wank off over you,” the dare was simple.

Everybody looked at Amanda who was thinking aloud, letting them know she was considering the request.

“Well, that’s not a bad idea, but which one of you is going to fuck me?”

They all stared at each other, thinking of criteria which they would be guaranteed to win.

“Don’t bother thinking boys, its simple, the one with the biggest cock gets my cunt, so get your cocks out and lets see who wins.”

Six pairs of shorts dropped in an instant.

Six hard cocks became visible to Amanda and she looked to see which one was going to have her cunt, and which ones would wank off on her.

The winner was obvious, and it belonged to the tallest of the six, Dave again, he was on a roll tonight she thought.

She wasn’t good at sizing but it was fucking big she knew that, but he was 6’3” so that wasn’t a surprise.

“Well Dave, looks like you win this match, so you other guys just get to wank. Now, no fucking around here, Dave your fucking from the front, the rest of you can stand around and wank,” they all nodded, “and when you cum, you cum on my tits OK.”

Nobody shook their head, who the fuck would turn that down, Dave certainly wasn’t going to, and he moved over and picked Amanda up from the sink top, and carried her over to the wooden benches and laid her down, pulling her towards the edge, and pulling her legs apart so he could get between them and into her cunt.

Amanda decided to let him get on with it; she was 5 foot nothing and he was six foot something, and he knew what he wanted and she probably couldn’t stop him if she wanted.

The other five gathered around, and if they had never wanked off in front of another man before you would never have guessed because they all stood within a foot of Amanda and started to wank as hard as they could.

Amanda looked up and all she saw was five hands on five cocks of various sizes on various men of various attractiveness and she smiled; well you this doesn’t happen every day of the week does it she thought.

Dave plunged his cock into her and she decided that it was a fucking big one; that was now obvious.

Dave lent over her and started fucking her extremely hard, he probably knew they would be thrown out any minute anyway, and getting caught wasn’t something he fancied.

Amanda lay there and felt his cock pumping in and out of her cunt, and she could feel its sides rubbing against her lips as Dave worked away. The red and sweaty faces of the other five were staring at her face, then her tits, then her cunt, and then back to her face as they wanked, and Amanda was fucking loving it.

She had been seriously horny when this all started, and now with Dave fucking her as if she wasn’t there, and five others wanking over her, the pressure on her pussy was getting too much and she knew she was going to cum.

She was also aware that the five standing over her wouldn’t cum at the same time, so the next few minutes were going to get very fucking messy indeed.

Amanda looked up at Dave who was just concentrating on fucking her, he smiled a wry smile and just pumped in and out of her cunt, he was obviously just using her cunt for his pleasure, he was going to ask or wait until she came.

The first cock started to unload about 30 seconds later and a hot jet of cum exploded over her tits.
