 CHAPTER I:

I have been anticipating this moment for so long, it seems like forever. I'm standing there in the doorway leading into her apartment, she's just opened it, and without saying any words, she moves back to let me in. I walk past her, and I can feel chills go through me, she excites me without even touching me or saying a word. Her eyes follow me, as I make my way inside, scanning over me, committing every inch of me to memory. I stop and then realize that she's almost right behind me... I'm so nervous and I have no idea why. I turn towards her, holding my hands out to her, she grasps them in hers, and she pulls me towards her. I feel like I'm shivering, nervous anticipation I guess. A moment passes, and her soft lips touch mine... so sweet, so tender... I open my mouth a little wider, inviting her tongue into it. It slips into my mouth, exploring... I start to suck on the tip of it, wanting to taste her... she moans into my mouth. We unclasp our hands, I move mine around to grab her cute little ass, squeezing it in my hands. She moves her hands up to cup my breasts, feeling them through my thin little t-shirt, my nipples already hard from our kiss...

Our kissing becomes more passionate, hands roaming everywhere. There's no time for talking, I have to have her, I've been waiting so long to be with her. We step back from each other, I reach for the bottom of my t-shirt and pull it up over my head, all the while staring into her eyes, waiting to see her expression... a small smirk comes across her face and there's a look in her eyes that tells me that I am in for the time of my life. I reach down to undo the button on my jeans, she licks her lips as she watches me unzip and slowly slide my jeans down my legs. I bend down to take them all the way off and slowly stand up to allow her to see all of me. 

I'm so nervous, I'm shivering still... she can see how nervous I am and re-assures me... "don't worry Kitten, I am going to take such good care of you, there is nothing I wouldn't do for you." She reaches out her hand to me again "Come over here to me," and I take 2 steps towards her. "Help me take off my clothes Kitten, I want to feel your skin against mine." She raises her arms above her head, and I take the edge of her tank top and pull it over her head... as it passes over her breasts, I can't help myself and have to have a taste. Taking a long lick and then sucking the hard nipple into my mouth. Oh my god! she's so beautiful, her skin tastes incredible... I can't wait to taste the rest of her. As I move from one breast to the other, my fingers fumble with the button on her jeans, I can't get them to work! and struggle to get it unbuttoned. She thinks this is funny, laughing a little at my eagerness "Let me help you sweetie.."

Her fingers take over and unbutton it so easily. I brush them aside and slip my hands into her pants to lower them down her legs... past her hips, gazing at her tiny white panties, down over her thighs, past her knees and down to her feet. She steps out of them, and my face is still level with those pretty panties... I have to touch her, tracing a finger along the edge of her panties, along the inside of her thigh... I can feel her moist warmth. I get into a more comfortable position, and kneel in front of her, slipping a finger under the edge of her panties, trying to reach her sweet, wet pussy. My soft touch is driving her wild, her nipples are so hard, aching to be touched, she plays with them, her fingers lightly squeezing... pinching. With my other hand, I pull her panties to the side, giving me a little peek at her beautiful pink pussy, and allowing me to touch it with my other finger... sliding my index finger up along her slit... moist with her excitement. She allows a moan to escape from her mouth, at the same time that I whisper how much I want to taste her... I lean forward and allow myself a little taste of her on my tongue... I have wanted to do that for so very long... she's even sweeter than I had ever imagined.

My tongue slips further inside her, lapping at her, wanting to drink all of her. She pushes her hips forward, grinding her pussy against my face...wanting me deeper inside she... I rip her panties down her legs, letting them hang at her ankles...thrusting my tongue deeper into her...moving up and sucking on her clit... she continues to moan, whimpering a little too. She never imagined that I would be able to make her feel so good, as I have never had any actual experience with another woman. But because I have wanted it for so long, I hunger for it, she is unaware of my inexperience.

She grabs my hair and pushes my head between her legs..."fuck me with your fingers baby, slip them inside my tight cunt, please baby"! I take 2 fingers, crossing them together, and slowly slide them into her tight, wet hole...moving them back and forth, so slowly that she begs me to go faster. Looking up at her, I smile... "not just yet, you're going to have to wait for it," a wicked grin crosses my lips. Sucking on her hard clit, my fingers are excruciatingly slow... she can't stand it..."FUCK ME HARDER YOU FUCKING TEASE! I want you to make me cum!" My, my... so demanding... don't you even say please? "Please baby, please make me cum, I'm so close."

"That's better sweetie... I like it when you beg." I ram my fingers deeper inside, adding a 3rd, and sucking and licking her clit raw... "oh god Kitten!! I'm cuummmming!!! oh fuck me!!!" I drink her warm cum as it spills into my mouth, still thrusting my fingers deep into her, as her pussy quivers around them...and finally pulling them out slowly, putting them to my mouth to lick her sweetness from them. "Oh baby, you taste better than I could have ever imagined... all I want is more.."..

I hear a moan coming from the corner of the room, a soft moan of pure pleasure. I glance over to see you sitting there in a big comfy chair. Your hand slowly rubbing against your cock... rubbing against the material of your pants... a smile permanently frozen on your face. You need to cum so bad after watching my little episode with my girlfriend... 

Don't you my love? 

Do you want us to come and play with you? All you have to do is say is please...