 How had it come to this? Lying in bed, 3 a.m, Friday night, or did it count as Saturday morning now? She wasn't quite sure. She listened as the rhythmic, monotonous thump, thump, thump against the wall drove her steadily mad. And a little bit horny. She knew that, before too long the panting, then the screaming would start as her next-door neighbour rode her boyfriend.

She was astounded at the stamina of the couple - hard working during the day and yet at night she was treated to at least an hour of the sounds of passionate, rampant sex most nights. And if they missed a night you could bet she'd be woken by it.

Her next-door neighbour, Susie was a pretty girl and they got on well. She was similar to Marie standing around 5' 11", just taller than Marie, and they both stood confidently carrying a little weight but not enough to say they were tubby. Both women maintained good jobs in the city and as women in a 'men's world´ their postures had developed such that they ample bosoms stood proud causing enough enticing pressure on any top they might be wearing. Leaving at similar times in the morning they would often exchange quips about 'looking hot today' or 'I would, if you fancy it'.

And yet Marie lacked the one thing that Susie had: someone to enjoy her little life with. Someone to come home to, entice into bed and give Susie back some of what Marie was currently hearing.

Marie had met John, Susie's boyfriend, and she had to admit he was hot. If he was in her bed she'd probably doing the same as Susie right now. He was just taller than her, but not by much, and was one of these casual-professional looking guys, glasses but looked good without them, dark hair, blue eyes and a massive cock! She knew this for two reasons: 1. She'd heard Susie screaming about it and whimpering and that amount of pain and pleasure couldn't point to anything else; 2. His bulge was enormous. Like her chest his bulge pulled the fabric barely covering it tight to the point of ripping. She had so many questions that she couldn't ask, and top of that list was how it felt to be filled by such a monster!

But for now she had no other option. She listened as John and Susie went through the motions, ramping up and up to the point of explosion. And as there was no chance of sleeping right now she felt around in her bedside draw for the wrinkled latex rod and her bottle of lube and slid her shorts down granting access to her surprisingly wet slit.

She gently rubbed the thick dildo over her moistening slit, probing her pussy in time with the rhythmic pants from next door and, in time with the inevitable squeal of pain and pleasure as, she assumed, John thrust his full length deep into Susie she rammed her own toy hard and deep inside her.

She felt dirty and seedy as she followed the beat from next door, sliding the rubber cock in and out of her soaking pussy but the noise soon diminished as a rush of blood to her head took over. She pumped furiously, her pussy juices coating the long, thin latex rod, running down her hand and onto the sheets and with one massive thrust she came. Waves of pleasure pulsed through her body. She gripped the toy hard pushing further and deeper into her vagina until she could take no more.

Tired from sleep deprivation and the amazing orgasm she had just enjoyed she drifted to sleep, the toy still between her legs, only to wake up to her alarm sticky but turned on enough to get in another quick ride before dressing for work.

----------

Outside she met Susie and they exchanged pleasantries.

"You sounded like you were having fun last night," Marie began.

"Oh, I hope we didn't wake you," said Susie with vague embarrassment. "Y'know you should join us."

She left this hanging with a wink as she hurried off to work. Marie's mind whirled at the thought that she might actually be serious. Were their frequent comments more than just a bit of fun. Now she came to think about it she did find Susie hot, which was weird - she'd never fancied girls before. And either way, what she wouldn't do to ride that massive cock of John's...

----------

At work she could barely concentrate and when the time came she got out of the door as quickly as possible and managed to catch the early bus home. She was hurriedly tackling the stairs in her confused state when John broke in with a simple 'hi'.

She synchronously looked up and fell over the final stair. Well that was embarrassing. She'd grazed her knee. What was she, a 6 year-old? John helped her up and brought her inside Susie's flat to clean up the scrape. She hated the sight of blood so as she looked away John softly wiped it away and tidied up the wound, and as they chatted and joked about it she found the touch of his hands on her leg sent tingles through her. She hadn't realised but her wound was dressed and his hand had begun to explore further up her thighs.

The feeling registered, she looked down, and without a thought she blurted out "I want you!"

"What?" he said, a twinkle in his eye.

"I heard you last night, it made me so hot ... and I want what she had." She was shocked the words had even come out of her mouth.

"She said you might after your chat this morning!"

They stood, she pushed him against the kitchen counter and she hungrily fumbled with his buttons exposing his bare chest. He already had hers undone and the two of them came together in a passionate embrace as their bodies pushed together. She could feel the bulge in his trousers straining against the fabric and drew her hands away from John's body to release it from it restraints.

The enormous rod sprung to attention as Marie forced his pants down. Confronted with 11 inches of thick flesh she tried to drop to her knees but John held her, looked her square in the eyes and told her that she knew that's not what she wanted.

He whirled her round and in one movement pulled her soaking panties down and lifted her onto the counter and pulled her skirt up around her waist. Her pussy, dribbling a little onto the clean work surface gaped in preparation for the coming assault on her innermost parts. He rested the wet tip of his giant penis against the hot softness her waiting vagina, and gently pushed. She squeezed around him, barely even able to receive such a mammoth intrusion but inch by painful, pleasurable inch he forced his way inside her waiting pussy.

They grasped at each other's bodies, her nails scraping into the flesh on his back. He grasped at her tits, each a luscious handful, as he pumped rhythmically deeper and deeper inside of her. She panted and wailed as the pain and pleasure of his enormous rod widening her channel took over and as he reach full pace she began to scream. She now knew what it was like for Susie and understood why and how she had to be so noisy. Tears flowed from her eyes as juices from her pussy spread out across the counter yet somehow she held out on completely losing it to orgasmic bliss. She wanted to enjoy this.

John grinned a sinister grin and ushered "I'm gonna come."

A massive thrust lifted Marie clean of the counter as John filled her insides with what felt likes pints of fresh, hot ejaculate. She felt her sides being coated with his juice and lost control. She jolted, quivered, screamed and dug her nails deep into John's back forcing him to push in deeper. Now buried right up to the hilt of his monster cock he grasped at her ass and together they shared wave after wave of orgasmic bliss.

Marie slumped back, exhausted at the efforts to ride the huge foreign object inside her. She rested against wall and listened as the key turned in the door. John smiled at her and then over at the door which opened to reveal Susie. 

"My word that's hot," she said matter-of-factly as she gazed upon the conjoined pair, and began to undo her shirt. 

She pulled out a chair, sat down in front of the intertwined couple.

"Now get your cock out of her hot, juicy pussy and in my mouth, I wanna see you if both taste as good as you look," she said.

John withdrew his cock from Marie with a quiet squelch. Marie gasped as his bulbous head passed through the recesses of her pussy. Finally freeing the long shaft released a considerable amount of fluids onto the work surface. Marie's senses overtook her and she slid off the work top and lapped at the pool of warm liquid. She brought her mouth to Susie's who welcomed it tasting the combination of John and Marie's juices.

John watched as the girls touched and fondled each other's ample bosoms whilst tounging the other's mouth as his penis returned to full strength, then, without warning he slid his big cock between their intertwined lips and allowed them to feast on the luscious veiny rod of their desires. Their juices combined to run down over Susie's now bare tits as Marie delicately lathered the flesh, pulling at her nipples and sending her into her own climax.

John thrust his cock into one cheek, then the other, then deep down the girls' throats in turn. Marie gagged as John pushed hard into her face, her gullet closing around his throbbing member causing him to fire hot, creamy juice deep down her neck. The warm sensation of his sperm and the cock-induced hypoxia causing her to convulse in waves of pleasure and collapse on Susie's lap. Susie sucked her nipple and areola into her mouth prolonging the orgasm and with minimal concentration Marie ground her pubic mound against Susie's belly, lathering it with fresh warm juices.

John, sperm now pulsing through his balls and up through the luscious long rod pulled away from Marie, who gulped a fresh breath, and fired an enormous shot over Susie's waiting tits. The power of each burst jiggled the pale white tit-flesh whilst coating them with warm, translucent juice from deep within his aching balls.

Susie lapped the final few strings of come from his cock-head and he slumped against the counter.

----------

That night they all slept together in Susie's enormous bed, John's arms around the two girls spooning together. Marie, in the middle awoke around 4.30 to find that going to bed naked had its advantages. John's long thick cock had risen between her legs and its tip rested again her apparently wet pussy lips. She bent over slightly to give better access to her moistening pussy and wondered how long it might be before her panting would wake Susie and give the couple the chance to service her from both sides.

She slipped into a sated rhythm of passionate, pleasurable pain...