 Doug sat on the bar stool, his dark brown eyes watching the people moving on the dance floor. He held a rum and coke in his right hand and a pool cue rested lazily in his left hand, leaned back against his left shoulder. He spotted the blonde woman again and kept his eyes on her as she grooved and gyrated to the thumping bass of the music pouring out of the speakers over the dance floor. The pulsing, swirling colored lights made it hard to keep track of her, but he did his best. The sudden crack of a pool cue on the cue ball made him look back to the billiard table.

Marie leaned over the table and lined up another shot as her friend Jill stood at the far end and watched. Jill was one of Marie's coworkers and one of her close friends. The reason that the three of them were shooting pool in a gay bar downtown on a Saturday night was that Jill happened to be a lesbian and this bar was one of her favorite hang outs.

Jill turned around, picked up her beer and took several swallows. She looked at Doug, mussed up his short blonde hair with a grin then turned her attention back to Marie and the game on the table.

Doug had heard Jill make the comment on more than one occasion that even though she thought Marie was very attractive, his wife just wasn't her type. Doug had asked Jill several times exactly what her type was, but she would only grin and change the subject. He also noticed that even though Marie wasn't Jill's type, it didn't keep her from looking down Marie's shirt every time she bent over to line up a shot on the table. Of course, Doug really couldn't blame Jill because looking down Marie's shirt provided one with an incredible view of two large, round breasts encased in a very sexy teal-colored satin and lace bra. And Doug knew that beneath Marie's tight black denim skirt was a matching pair of satin and lace thong panties. He knew because he had picked them out himself while Marie was getting dressed for their evening out.

Marie came around to his end of the table and bent over, glancing over her shoulder at Doug and wiggling her hips suggestively. She lined up her shot, her ample breasts resting on the bumper of the pool table. She took the shot and sunk the nine-ball into the corner pocket. He smiled and turned his attention back to the dance floor and, without realizing it, looked again for the slim blonde.

The reason his attention kept going back to her had to do with comments Marie had made earlier and the discussion that had followed. They'd been waiting for Jill to arrive, sitting on bar stools in the back by the pool tables, when the blonde woman had walked by to use the rest room.

"I'd do her," Marie said in a low whisper, a mischievous grin lighting her face.

Doug almost spit out a mouthful of his rum and Coke. He looked watched the blonde as she went into the ladies room. "You would?"

Marie nodded, the grin still on her lips. "Does that surprise you?"

"Yes!" Doug said, nodding his head. "You've never shown any interest in women. Besides that, she doesn't strike me as the type you'd go for."

"If I was going to be with another woman, she's exactly the type I'd go for," Marie said. Just then, the blonde came back out of the restroom. She was about five-foot-eight and very slim. She was obviously a bottle blonde, but her hair hung down to her shoulders in untamed, just-got-out-of-bed waves. Her skin darkly tanned and flawless, dotted all over with freckles. She was dressed in very tight, hip-hugger style faded blue jeans and a white midi-shirt the showed off her flat belly and a cute pierced bellybutton. The two of them watched her as she crossed the bar and took a seat at a table with several other women. Marie turned to look at Doug. "What type did you think I'd go for?"

Doug shrugged. "I don't know, but she isn't what I would have pictured. She's kind of a stick. Cute face. Love her hair. Not much in the way of tits. Nice ass, though."

"It's her tight little body that I noticed first," Marie said. "She looks really well put together and I find that attractive. Her tan is incredible and I really like all that wavy blonde hair. And why are we talking about this anyway?" she laughed. "It's not like it's ever going to happen."

"Really? Why wouldn't it?" Doug asked with a sly smile.

"It just wouldn't," Marie said with a grin. She leaned over and kissed him quickly. "Now rack 'em up!"

So, Doug was sitting there, watching the blonde from time to time and wondering if there was anything he could do to help make this thing happen, while Marie and Jill continued with their game of pool. When he couldn't come up with an idea that didn't sound ridiculous, he decided that maybe Marie was right after all and turned his full attention back to the pool table and catching the nice view down Marie's shirt.

After a couple hours of playing pool and a few beers, Jill called it quits and headed for home. Doug and Marie sat down at a small table in a dark corner to finish their drinks and to watch the people on the dance floor, moving to the rhythm of the music. The waitress came by and they decided to have just one more round before going home for the night.

"There's your little blonde hard body," Doug kidded as he spotted her on the dance floor.

"She's not my hard body," Marie said with a giggle.

"I bet she could be," Doug said. "Tell the truth. Wouldn't it do a little something for you to find out that she was just as attracted to you? Wouldn't it be fun to take her home with us tonight and have our way with her?"

"It might," Marie laughed. "And what's with this 'we' stuff all of a sudden? What makes you think you'd get in on the action?"

"You know me," Doug said with a grin. "I'm a hands-on kind of guy. I'm not much of a spectator when it comes to sex."

"Well, maybe you'd end up that way," Marie teased. "Maybe we'd tie you to the bed and do all sorts of things to each other right in front of you and you couldn't touch either one of us."

Doug felt his cock begin to swell against his thigh as the image Marie painted ran through his head; both of the girls naked, on their knees on the bed over top of him, feminine hands caressing soft feminine bodies, squeezing breasts and teasing nipples, mouths locked in a hungry passionate kiss. He looked at Marie and he knew she could see the lust in his eyes. She smiled as she reached under the table and felt the hardness in his jeans, gave it several squeezes and stroked it lovingly.

"My goodness," she giggled. "It seems the thought of that does something for you too!"

"Yeah," Doug nearly groaned. "And I'll bet your panties are soaked too." Marie gave him a look that confirmed what he had just said without saying a word. For a moment, she considered slipping them off right there in the bar and handing them to him under the table. She knew the if she did that, they might make it as far as the car before he was all over her.

As they teased each other, a shadow fell over their table. They looked up and found the blonde woman standing over them. They only stared at her, their smiles frozen to their faces, like kids caught in the act of doing something they've been told not to do.

"Hi!" she said in a voice as smooth and sweet as warm honey. "My name's Crystal and I noticed that you two have been watching me all night. Mind if I sit down?"

Marie regained her composure faster than Doug, gave her a friendly smile and said," Please do! I'm Marie and this is my husband Doug."

"Pleased to meet you," Doug said.

"You'll have to forgive us," Marie apologized. "We didn't mean to stare or make you uncomfortable. I just really like your hairstyle. I've been thinking of changing mine and was asking my husband how he thought it would look on me."

"My hairstyle, huh?" Crystal said, curling a finger in a lock of her hair. "And all night long I thought maybe you were interested in something else." A small grin played across her rose colored lips. Her eyes dropped knowingly toward Marie's hand, which was still resting on Doug's hard-on under the table. Crystal looked up and smiled at them both, then carefully scooted her chair around the table and closer to Marie.

"I thought maybe you had something like this in mind," she said and slid her right hand under the table, placed it on Marie's left knee and slowly slid her hand up along Marie's thigh inside her skirt. As she neared the top of her thigh, the little blonde slid her hand down to the inside of her thigh and rested it on the satin fabric of Marie's thong. She looked at Doug and said with a grin, "What an incredible hand warmer!"

Marie's cheeks turned a lovely shade of red but she giggled. Doug slid his left hand up his wife's right thigh and came to rest next to Crystal's hand. He could also feel the heat radiating from beneath the sheer, soft fabric and he made a bold move, pulling it aside and bearing her pussy. Crystal felt the fabric pulled aside and gasped as her finger fell on Marie's soft skin and soft, silky pubic mound.

Marie looked around nervously at first, but she soon realized that with the low lighting and the loud music, no one in the bar was paying the slightest attention to the three people in the darkened corner. She began to relax and uttered a long, soft sigh as she felt not just her husband's strong and familiar hand stroking her gently, but the soft hand of a stranger, a woman no less, touching her most intimate spot. She shuddered and smiled and decided to enjoy the feelings and see where everything led.

With the black floor length table cloth covering her actions, she reached under the table, lifted her butt from her chair and hoisted her skirt up around her hips, then hooked her thumbs into the elastic waist band of her thong and slipped it down her thighs, past her knees and to her ankles.

She looked to her left as she felt a soft hand on her ankle, grasping her panties and removing them from around her high-heeled shoe. Crystal's left hand emerged from beneath the table holding onto a pair of pretty teal-colored satin and lace thong panties with a dark, damp spot on the crotch. Crystal smiled across the table at Doug and brushed the panties over her cheeks then pressed them to her mouth and nose, inhaling deeply. Her pink tongue flicked out quickly and licked at the damp spot in the middle of the panties.

Marie's hand returned to her husband's crotch once more and felt the steel shaft trying to burst through his jeans. She squeezed it and Doug tore his gaze away from the scene of Crystal bathing her face in his wife's panties. He looked into Marie's eyes and realized immediately how incredibly hot all of this was making her. She'd never acted this way in public before, and he decided to let thing play out a little longer and see how much more she would allow.

He brought his hand back up against her mound and rubbed her pussy in long slow circle. She moaned softly and let her eyes slip shut. Crystal watched, the panties now tucked down the front of her shirt into her bra, her right hand still resting against Marie's left thigh. She slipped her hand up slowly. She felt Doug take her hand in his, lay it against his wife's throbbing pussy and press down. He put his hand over hers and began the same movements again, guiding Crystal's hand in slow circles, massaging his wife's sensitive spot.

Marie had just started rotating her hips, following the easy rhythm of the hands between her thighs when she felt strong fingers, fingers she knew belonged to her husband, slip gently down and push her outer lips apart. She felt droplets of moisture trickle out and run down the crack of her ass and she pictured her juices forming a small puddle on the chair beneath her. Her eyes still closed, she slowly spread her thighs further apart and slipped down a bit in her chair to provide them better access.

A fingertip, one she guessed belonged to Crystal, tentatively touched her inner lips, caressing down along the smooth, wet outer edges first, then slid inward and moved upward until the finger tip touched her now swollen clit. Marie let out a gasp that turned into a low groan, which was followed up with a knowing chuckle from her right and a girlish giggle from her left.

The fingertip was joined by a second and the two fingers slowly circled her clit, touching it occasionally. Not knowing when she might feel that electric sensation again had Marie's nerves on edge, but she liked it and she hoped that the two of them wouldn't stop what they were doing to her any time soon. The two fingers caressed her slowly, but firmly and worked toward building up her orgasm. They slipped down, away from her clit, causing Marie to put on a pouty face, which was quickly replaced by a look of total ecstasy as they entered her pussy, sliding in easily with Marie's abundantly flowing juices.

She pushed her hips up to meet the thrusting fingers, opened her eyes and looked into Crystal's face. Their eyes locked and Crystal's fingers began to move with more speed, plunging deeper and deeper into Marie's soaking wet pussy. Marie's hips moved with a frantic urgency to keep pace with the blonde woman's movement.

Not to be outdone, Doug reached over with his free hand, slipping it inside his wife's shirt and began to squeeze and pinch her sensitive nipples, which were already as hard as pebbles beneath her bra. Marie swiveled her head to look at her husband, parted her lips and flicked her tongue over her bright pink lips. Doug bent his head forward and kissed his wife, their mouths opening wide as their tongue mingled and danced. Marie sucked his tongue into her mouth, nibbling it playfully then broke the kiss. She turned to face Crystal again and wondered what it would be like to kiss another woman. A small thing really, she thought, since the woman's hand was practically buried between her legs already. Crystal must have picked up on her thoughts, as she bent her head forward and pressed her lips to Marie's.

The kiss electrified Marie and heightened her senses further. She could taste a hint of the sweet alcohol Crystal had been drinking. Their mouths opened wider and their tongues touched, then moved in intertwining circles. She kissed the woman with much the same urgency as she had her husband and lost herself in the feelings washing through her.

Doug knew she was on the verge, so he rubbed the ball of his thumb slowly over his wife's clit while Crystal's fingers still plunged in and out of his wife's sopping pussy. The scent of her juices was almost more than he could stand, and his thumb moved in a small tight circle over her clit.

Her lips still locked with Crystals, Marie felt the orgasm building, towering higher and higher, just on the edge of crashing over when Crystal broke the kiss, removed her fingers and suddenly slipped from her chair to the floor between Marie's knees. Doug looked around the bar and realized, as Marie had, that no one was paying them any attention. He felt Marie's thighs pushed apart, a soft head of hair touched his hand, a soft tongue touched he thumb on Marie's clit and was pushed aside. He moved his hand slightly and felt Crystal's mouth engulf each of his fingers, slowly sucking the taste of his wife from his hand. She licked and sucked his fingers clean then dropped her face into Marie's crotch with a deep sigh.

Marie gasped at the feeling of the soft, delicate tongue as Crystal licked the insides of her thighs, her throbbing pussy lips and then fastened her mouth around her clit and began to suck, nibble and lick for all she was worth. Marie lasted only a few moments before her orgasm consumed her. She buried her face in her husband's shoulder and moaned almost loud enough to be heard over the music on the dance floor. Doug cradled her head while still teasing one of her nipples, his wife's body shuddering and shaking in her seat, wondering if she would ever stop coming.

Eventually, her rapid breathing against his neck began to slow and he slipped his hand from her shirt, and then held her in his arms. Crystal peeked out from under the table and grinned up at the couple, her chin and cheeks slick with Marie's juices. Doug helped her up to the chair next to him, leaned over and kissed and licked his wife's cum from Crystal's face. She reached under the table and rubbed his cock through his jeans until he had licked up every last drop. She changed seats, sitting next to Marie, and leaned over, kissing the red head gently on the lips then moved her mouth to Marie's ear.

"I think your husband has been a good sport about this," she whispered. "He should get a reward." They both turned and looked at Doug.

"You're right," Marie whispered back. "Would you like to come home with us and help me reward him?"

"I thought you'd never ask," Crystal said with a grin.