 All three of us took a deep breath at the same time. Finding the humor in the situation I started to smile. I looked over at Alex as he smiled and raised an eyebrow. Meanwhile Jake was leaning against the pool wall and laughing to himself. 

"I will be the first to break the awkward silence by demanding some more rum!" I said running my fingers through my hair.

"There ain't nothing awkward about a silence." Alex said letting his thick Alabama accent out.

"Now that is something I miss Alex, your real vocabulary. That is the first "ain't" I have heard from you all night." I said with a relief.

"Well, I was trying to be polite in front of a lady. But seeing as there is no ladies here I figured I could be true to my heritage." Alex stated proudly with a grin.

As I got out of the pool to get the rum I suddenly felt a chill run down my back. Hoping the rum would warm me up I took a swig that gave me goose bumps from my head to my toes. 

Suddenly I felt a towel wrap around me. Startled I turned around with the rum still in my hand. Alex finished pulling the towel over my shoulders and just looked me right in the eye. His expression was firm yet welcoming. He didn't say a word and then he started walking inside the house towel less. His body was now a man's body. It was so different then when we were teenagers. Jake followed wrapping a towel around his waist, revealing a glimpse of his deliciously rounded ass. 

My clothes were sopping wet due to our adventure in the pool. The hot afternoon gave way to the cooler evening. I was now clad in one of Alex's old Alabama State t-shirts that barely covered my butt and thighs. As we sat in the living room, Alex and I sitting on the couch facing the empty fireplace and Jake sprawled out on the floor holding the rum, I could hear the sounds of crickets outside and the familiar hum of the sealing fan in the dining room. I felt more cold goose bumps run down my arms. My nipples stood firm and tingly from the cold air. 

"Fire!" Alex said passing me the rum he stole from Jake.

"What?" I said taking another shot.

"You are cold, I will make a fire." Alex explained getting up.

"Drunkenness and fire don't mix Alex!" Jake sang from the floor.

"Watch how it's done son." Alex mimicked back.

Before I knew it there was a fire roaring and over half the bottle of rum had disappeared. Jake was still on the floor and he was now trying half sing, half remember the words to Stair Way to Heaven. I laughed to myself in all our drunken states of mind. 

"Well, one thing hasn't changed around here." I stated as I closed my head a leaned back against the sofa.

"What is that?" Jake stepped into joke.

"Your singing!" 

"I have a voice like a songbird!" 

"I don't think you are hearing yourself Jake." I laughed.

"Well, I know you have changed." Alex threw in a moment of uncomfortable silence.

"What do you mean?" I finally challenged.

"Sara, you never cease to amaze me. You are in a serious world of delusion or denial I can't decide which." He volleyed back to me.

"I left, yes, but I don't understand where you have the need to call me delusional."

Alex looked at Jake and then back at me. He bit his lower lip as if to stop himself from going on. Jake sat up desperately trying to sober himself. 

"Forget it Sara." Jake finally spoke.

"Maybe I should go." I said putting the rum on the table.

"Yeah, that is it Sara. Typical you. Run. Just run Sara." Alex said turning away from me.

I was hurt, stunned, and angry. I felt that it was all suddenly in slow motion. I wasn't sure what to do. I felt a dizziness taking over. Beads of sweat began to form on my chest.

"Sara you aren't going anywhere tonight. You are too drinking." Jake stumbled on his words.

"I will be fine."

"No, I really think you should wait at least an hour or so." Jake said leaning on me.

Jake suddenly put most of his weight on me. I tried to hold him up, but he just fell on top of me. We both fell to the floor and the rum spilled down my side. Alex turned around a rolled Jake off of me.

"Are you ok?" Alex looked at me with concern.

"Yeah, just covered in rum." I answered.

"Sara, I am so sorry!" Jake said crawling to the sofa.

"Accidents happen man." Alex assured him.

"It's ok." I said sitting up.

"Come on, you are staying here tonight." Alex said helping me up.

We walked up the stairs. Neither one of us spoke a word. I headed into the bathroom to rinse the rum off of myself in the shower.

"I'll get you a dry shirt." Alex said heading into his room.

I nodded and went into the bathroom. I took off the rum soaked Alabama State shirt and turned the shower on. I stepped in and the hot water ran down my body. It felt great at that point. I faced the water and let run down my chest. I stood there for a moment thinking about what Alex had said. As I turned around I realized I wasn't alone. 

Alex stood with me in the shower. For a moment we just looked at each other. He still had a look of anger glowing in his face. I wasn't sure what to do. We didn't say a word and I started to wash my hair. He took my place in the water streaming hot from the shower after I rinsed the soap from my hair. As we traded places in the water I felt him brush against me. My skin felt alive where he had touched me. He was washing his body and I couldn't help but look at him. From head to toe I observed every part of him. He washed his broad chest moving to his arms. He was somewhat rough and to the point in washing himself. I couldn't help but continue to stare at him. As he started to suds his legs he looked up at me, catching me watching him. He finished washing himself with the continued look or anger on his face. 

He looked me straight in the eye and grabbed my arm and I was instantly wet. Moving me aside he stepped into the water. This time as we switched my tits brushed against his chest. Disappointed I started to wash the rum and sweat from my body. I felt a tension that was thick. My nipples were hard at the thought of his body. As I started to wash my legs I looked up at him, catching him staring at me in return. I also noticed his dick was hard and stood at attention. I suddenly grew angry. I couldn't understand why to people who were so angry at each other were showering together. Yet again we switched places in the water. This time as we moved I felt his cock slide against me. I took a deep breath and started to rinse myself. I wanted to just turn around a have my way with him. I was so turned on and wanted him between my legs. I couldn't let him win by giving in. I was so angry mixed with being so hot for him. I had no idea where any of the anger came from.

I practically ran out of the shower. I grabbed a towel and started to dry off as fast as I could. Alex slowly followed me out. Taking his time he wrapped a towel around his waist, his expression still of anger. I suddenly found I couldn't look him in the eyes anymore. My new found anger and desire made it impossible too look anywhere. I finished drying off and still holding on to the towel I wrapped around myself my hand started for the dry shirt he had brought me. As I reached for it he grabbed my hand. He grabbed it with a force I had never seen in him. I pulled up the courage to look him in the eyes.

We stood there for a moment locked. I shot him a look of confusion and anger. He released me without a word. I walked out the door and headed to his room to steal another shirt. 

I walked into his room and pulled open his top drawer. I started digging for a shirt and suddenly his door swung open and Alex came at me with eyes filled with a fire. He grabbed both my arms and looked me, once again, straight in the eyes. He began to open his mouth to say something.

Instead his grip loosened and he kissed me. My eyes were open in shock. He continued kissing me and I found myself wanting more. I tried to restrain myself and remember the anger. As I as stood limp loving every touch of his lips, every flick of his tongue to mine, and the force his hands had on my arms I found myself returning all of it. 

Suddenly something in me pulled away. The same look of confusion and anger boiled to my face again. The fire in his eyes burned like coals. I could see the fury in him. 

He ripped my towel away from me. I stood there naked, nipples hard and ready, my pussy already tingly and hot with excitement. My breathing became a nervous pant. 

Once again he grabbed my arms and threw me down on his bed. Alex pushed his way on top of me. I could feel his hard dick through the towel. Both of his hands started stomach and slid to my arms. I tried to fight it and he just slammed my arms back down to the bed. Again I tried to fight him and he slammed my arms to the bed. True to Alex he looked my in the eyes.

"Tell me no," He challenged. "Tell me no Sara."

I just laid in silence because the truth was I wanted it. I needed. And he knew it. I turned my head and his glare followed.

"Tell me no and it will end right here Sara." His voice filled with anger and yet some concern.

I said nothing once again. I couldn't lie in that moment. 

I tried to move my arms and again he slammed them to the bed. Then his lips met mine and once again I kissed back. I could no longer fight what I wanted. 

He let go of my arms and ripped his towel off of himself and plunged right into me. I immediately felt my body come alive. Fire ran threw me. Immediately I had an orgasm. Just one thrust entering me and he made me cum. I let out a gasp and squeal of sheer ecstasy and amazment. 

He had yet to give a second thrust and I grabbed his shoulders and rolled him over. His dick never leaving my soaking wet pussy. He sat up to me as I straddled him. Alex ran his hands up my back. I began to grind my hips around his cock. He grabbed the back of my neck and roughly began kissing me. I could feel my tits pressed against him moving in tune with my hips. 

While I was grinding my cunt on him, I could feel his dick going deeper and deeper into me. His hands slid back down to my ass and he grabbed two handfuls. It was rough and hot. He squinted and bit down on my neck with a pleasurable pain as I ran my fingernails down his back no doubt leaving marks. 

With his hands still holding two handfuls of my ass he forcefully rolled me to my back. The grinding turned into deep slow thrust. I wrapped my legs around his. He made his way to my neck biting and sucking. He then pulled my arms above my head and held them down. He reached down with his free hand and started rubbing my clit as he quickly started thrusting himself in and out of me. My eyes popped open in tune with my mouth. I found myself panting his name, my body begging for more and more. 

His fingers roughly teased my swelling clit and his cock was thrusting me to a climax. The panting had turned into heavy breathing. The intensity of him inside me arched my back once again. I freed my arms and grabbed his, pulling him deep into me. I clawed my nails down his back as I exploded. His face gave away from anger and intent to moans of pleasure and breathy groans of an orgasm. I could feel him shooting me full of strings of cum. I felt my cunt squeezing his dick as he climaxed. I went limp for a moment as I let out a moan of satisfaction. 

He lay on top of me and pulled himself out of me and rolled onto his back still breathing hard.