 I spent the last week walking around in a fog... maybe on a cloud... I don't know. All I do know is that I have been counting the minutes until Mr. M would pick me up on Saturday. School work is out of the question - my lab partner is ready to kill me – but I can't help it. 

I want him again. I thought about the feel of his hands gliding across my skin, the sounds he made when I had his cock in my mouth and the way it felt to have him tell me what to do and place me wherever he wanted me. Mostly, I have been obsessed with the feel of his cock sliding inside my pussy, stretching the lips apart and consuming me. 

I replayed over and over in my head everything that happened last weekend – usually while masturbating – and when I would get to the part where he said he wanted me to stay their sitter so we could explore other things together, my breath would catch. All sorts of things have drifted through my mind as possibilities but I still wonder what he could have in mind for me. Now that it was mere moments away all I can do is wait to find out and hope I dressed right. 

I chose my old kilt from back when I was in high school because it's a little short for me now, and a white blouse. I'd have loved to really dress up for him but if my parents saw me on the way out the door they'd stop me and ask questions and then I wouldn't be able to get out until I had on baggy sweats. 

I went for flip flops for the casual "I-don't-care-it's-just-babysitting" look but I am freshly manicured and pedicured and smooth as a baby's bottom. I was very careful with my underwear choices though; no one but Mr. M would see those. I chose a white lace bra that had large spaces in it so sometimes my nipples popped out through the them, and the matching thong panties. 

I stayed in my room until I heard the doorbell and then I dashed out the door calling goodnight over my shoulder to my parents. 

I closed the door behind me and leaned on it for a second, watching him saunter to the car. He opened my door and turned looking confused for a moment until he saw where I was. He grinned and I moaned inwardly.

"What are ya doin?" he asked playfully.

I blushed quickly and he grinned again. "Umm, nothing... lookin'," I confessed. He laughed softly and motioned me to the car. I slid into the seat and he closed the door after me and walked around the back of the car. Tonight he had on button fly blue jeans and black shirt with grey pinstripes - the sleeves rolled up almost to his elbow; casual rebel executive... very hot. 

"Don't you look..." he hesitated as he flicked a glance over me, "...delectable."

I smiled as my insides went to jelly. Delectable; yum. "Thanks."

"Very cute toes too."

I waggled my fingers in front of me and he glanced over briefly. "And they match!" he laughed.

We reached a stop sign and he deftly hooked his index finger into my blouse, pulled it over to expose my bra, and then released it. 

"Does anything else match?" he asked suggestively.

I parted my thighs slowly and placed his hand on the inside of my thigh. Without looking at me he pressed his hand up my thigh until the side of it was against my pussy and then pressed gently. I wanted to grab his hand and grind madly against it but I restrained myself. 

"Mmmm," he said appreciatively, "Very nice, but it doesn't really answer the question, does it?"

"I guess not," I laughed. 

"Show me." He wasn't laughing.

My heart started to race and I reached for the end of my skirt and slowly raised it to my hips. 

He glanced down and smiled, "Very good. Nice choice."

I was already getting wet. I was pretty sure I would do just about anything he told me to do. That was very arousing but a little scary too.

We drove in silence for a few minutes until I could no longer take the tension and asked the question. "So.. umm... what's happening tonight?"

He checked his side mirrors and turned the corner. "Mrs. M has a bachelorette party and I have a poker game." 

I was silent. No mention of what he had planned for me. I was too surprised and too shy to say What about me?? So I stayed silent. 

We pulled into the driveway and as soon as the car stopped I got out. His side was closest the front door so I stood at the car waiting for him to lead the way. 

He turned to me and motioned for me to go ahead of him. I stepped in front of him and walked to the door lost in thought about what was happening. I stepped onto the front porch and waited for him to open the door.

He stepped behind me and I felt the full length of his body against me, barely touching. He leaned forward so his lips were almost against my ear and his breath tickled my neck. 

"You are going to make me do very bad things to you, little one." 

My heart raced and my pussy was instantly drenched. He unlocked the door and pushed it open for me to step inside. 

"Mrs. M is already gone for her shindig," he announced in a much more casual voice than he had just used. 

"Oh?" was all I could think to say to that. 

He had walked into the kitchen so I followed, unsure of what to do next.

He was across the room standing at the sink counter unwrapping something when I came around the corner. I glanced around the room and saw the kitchen table had a green felt cloth over it and had four chairs. Next to each of the four chairs there was a small side table with a coaster on it for a drink. In the centre of the kitchen table was a deck of cards and a poker chip caddy. 

It dawned on me that he must be having his game there. I was instantly confused. If he was having his game there then why did they need me?

"Do you want a drink?" He turned from the sink and smiled. "Cola or cola and rum?" he asked. 

I returned the smile and thought about it. It's not like I had never had alcohol before but I wasn't a big drinker like some of my friends. I figured it was Mr. M and I was safe.

"Sure!" I accepted brightly. 

He laughed gently, "Ok. Sure to which?"

I blushed and hated myself for it. "Rum and cola please," I said. 

He turned to mix the drink and I watched him. He had a nice tight butt and a long back and broad shoulders. His shirt tightened against the spread of his shoulders when he reached for something and I admired the lines of muscle visible beneath it. The vision of my fingers digging into those shoulders hit me quickly and I inhaled sharply.

"Everything okay?" he asked as he walked toward me with the drink.

"Mmm hmm," I muttered weakly and smiled.

"Let's go in the den where we can sit comfortably."

I followed him wordlessly to the den and sat where he had patted the spot next to him. 

"You know," he said quietly, "you have the nicest skin." He began making slow, lazy circles on my thigh with the back of his knuckle, so lightly that it felt almost like breath, "Smooth and soft." 

The circles softly traced higher and I fought the urge to drop my head back and moan aloud. I closed my eyes, instead and purred contentedly.

"Such a good kitten," he whispered. "I love to pet you."

He spread his hand across my thigh slowly, finger by finger, and I sighed aloud as they glided over and up the inside of my thigh. 

He leaned in and played soft kisses against the side of my neck and gently flicked his tongue along the outer edge of my ear. My nipples tightened and this time I did moan aloud.

I felt his grin as he pressed his hand insistently against my thigh and my legs parted as if they had a mind of their own.

He slowly reached for my glass and placed it next to his on the coffee table across from the couch and then he turned toward me again. He smiled as he leaned closer to me and swept my hair away from my neck. His lips caressed the side of my neck beneath my ear and my head dropped back and my eyes closed. Man did I love giving everything up to him. It was like being drunk and half asleep; erotic, slow, dreamy, comfortable, and ultimately relaxed. 

His lips trailed my neck to my shoulders and I shivered as my pussy tingled and tightened. I could feel myself getting wet and instead of being embarrassed I was excited for him to notice.

I felt his hand trailing up my thigh again and knew any second he would feel how hot and wet my pussy was. I moaned.

He grinned against my shoulder and slipped his hand against my pussy. He moaned.

"Oh my," he whispered hoarsely, "someone is very aroused already." 

I didn't like the condescension in his tone so I reached into his lap and stroked his cock through his pants. "Yes, someone is." I said sweetly.

He laughed at my pertness and in one swift movement I was off the couch and bent over his knee. 

"See what happens to pert little girls?" he said huskily. "They get spanked." He ran his big hand over my ass pushing my kilt up as he did. I felt the cooler air on my ass and was instantly acutely aware that my panties were so lacy they might as well not have been there. The thought turned me on even more. 

Mr. Morgan stroked my ass softly three of four times before giving it a light smack with his open hand. My ass tingled and my pussy dampened further. I had never been spanked before and the sensation was amazing. Every nerve ending in my ass, hips, and pussy tingled with warmth and it was all I could do not to turn over and climb on his hard cock right then. Besides, he had a pretty strong grip on me which encouraged sitting still.

Three more soft strokes eased the sting but left the tingling nerve endings. Smack. Harder this time; more of a sting. My breathing quickened and I almost moaned aloud.

Three soft strokes. A hesitation and I waited for the smack. He kissed my ass; first one cheek then the other. I squirmed. Smack. There it was... the sting, the tingle, the surge of pussy juices. 

He leaned forward and I heard a rattle then a sucking sound. I couldn't see what he was doing but suddenly there was ice cold wet on my ass and I realized he had fished an ice cube from one of the drinks. He slid the ice cube across the hottest parts of my ass and then there was that sucking sound again. Was he sucking the ice?

Suddenly I was on my back along the couch and he was kneeling between my feet facing me.

"You," he said sternly, "took your punishment very well."

I felt absurdly proud of the praise and grinned. "Thank you."

He slid his hands up the inside of my thighs as he stretched himself out along me until his face was near my hips. I barely resisted the urge to arch them toward him.

He delicately took the hem of my kilt and slowly began raising it until it reached my waist and exposed my lace covered pussy. 

He grinned at me as he slowly spread his hands across the top of my thighs until his fingertips fluttered against my pussy. Then, he reached his fingers to the edge of the lace and pulled the panties aside. He blew gently on my lips and I twitched and shuddered. He grinned. He blew again as he slowly pressed on my lips with his fingers and slightly exposed my clit. I moaned aloud.

With my head back and my eyes closed again I didn't see him lean to my pussy and snake his tongue out to my clit. What I felt was his ice cold tongue touch my clit and then lap at the tender inside walls of my pussy. I arched violently toward him and cried out.

He laughed quietly. "Was that good or bad?" 

I panted, "Good... I think..."

"Hmmm." 

I felt two of his fingers next, slip slowly into my pussy and I arched to them. 

"You are so wet!" he whispered. He slipped a third finger in and curled them forward to my G spot. I writhed against his fingers and clamped my pussy tight around them. "Yes!" I hissed. 

"Ah yes, that is good." He sounded as if he was about to cum too and it made me want him inside me.

I tried to sit up so I could get to him but he put his hand on my tummy, "Nuh uh," he said. "We have a long time for all that. This is what it is. Relax." 

I stopped fighting it and lay back again as he placed a fourth finger into my pussy. I ground against him uncontrollably. "Yes!" I practically shouted. 

A couple more thrusts and I'd cum for him. Then I could get my hands on him. 

The doorbell rang. "No!" I cried aloud. 

He slipped his fingers from my pussy and I sat bolt upright and looked at him like he was crazy. How could he be stopping now?! He stood up.

"Where are you going?" 

He grinned. "I have to answer the door."

"But!" I stammered, " but..." this couldn't be happening.

"I invited them so now I have to let them in," he said patiently and left to answer the door. 

I sat there dumbfounded and unsure of what to do next. I could hear voices in the kitchen and realized his poker game guys had arrived. He must have thought we would have more time than we did but I still wasn't sure what to do about it. 

I stood and straightened my clothes and then sat on the edge of the couch. After a few minutes he didn't return so I sipped my drink. Another few minutes passed and he still hadn't returned and I had finished my drink. I was still unsure of myself. What to do next? I stood with resolve and decided to just march into the kitchen and see what I could figure out. 

He was standing at the counter mixing drinks and his friends had taken their seats at the poker table. I watched him for a minute before he realized I was there. He turned and smiled. "Hey, Jenna, can I get you another drink?" I nodded, still not trusting my voice.

He leaned over and took my glass from me and winked. I was totally confused. Maybe he just assumed we'd wait until the game was over. I wasn't sure I could wait that long and I wasn't sure if Mrs. M would be back before that. 

"Who's this?" asked one of Mr. M's friends. 

I turned to look at him and saw he was about the same age as Mr. M and just as hot. He smiled at me and I smiled back and then looked around the table. Four men all about the same age as Mr. M and all well built, good looking, and hot. Where did he get these guys? I wondered briefly if they had all played rugby together or something and then Mr. M introduced me.

"This is Jenna. She's a friend of the family and she comes to help out with Oscar now and then." 

A round of "Hi Jenna" went around and I smiled and nodded to them all politely. 

I was definitely confused; He was acting like we hadn't just been making out but he wasn't acting like he was in a hurry to get the poker game started either. 

He leaned toward me and handed me back my glass. I looked at him questioningly and he grinned. How could he be so calm?! I was still so crazy with lust I was sure they could all tell and I knew I wasn't the only one who had gotten carried away in the den but there he was relaxed like he had forgotten how close we had just been to jumping each other. 

I decided that if I had to wait for him or worse; not get him at all, then I had to at least find a distraction. I picked up my drink, smiled prettily at him and turned for the den.

"Where are you off to?" Mr. M. asked me. I cast a look over my shoulder as I went and replied, "I thought you'd like to get on with your game before the night is over."

He grinned at my cheekiness and said, "I thought you might like the movie I just watched so I left it on the player for you." The heat rushed to my cheeks and he laughed and winked at me. I stood there for a few seconds in shock and then moved to the den. 

I plunked myself down on the couch and turned on the TV. I flipped through the channels trying not to wonder what was on the player but after a few rounds of the channels I realized that I hadn't seen any of the shows that were on because I was so distracted by the knowledge that there was a movie in the player. 

Had he put a dirty movie in the player for me to watch or had he left a real movie and laughed only because I turned red? I couldn't take it anymore; I just had to see what he had left for me.

With a quick glance at the door of the den, I grabbed the remote for the player and switched it on. I wondered if I should close over the door but thought if I did it would be obvious so I just turned down the volume and pressed play.

The screen flickered to life and I was looking at the tape of Mr. M. masturbating to the tape of me masturbating. Then I looked closer. It wasn't Mr. M. it was one of his poker buddies. My heart jumped in panic and I leaned closer to the screen to make sure it was me. It was. I sat there trying to gather myself, with the adrenaline coursing through me.

I glanced at the screen again and saw the poker buddy begin long firm pulls on his cock. He had a very nice cock even if it was a little thick. His head dropped back and I heard a faint moan from the tape. 'At least he was enjoying it,' I thought.

I was beginning to relax a little as the shock wore off and I realized that I wasn't as angry as I probably should have been. As I sat there wondering why that was, poker buddy blew his load all over his stomach and his hand. A spurter, nice.

The screen changed and it was almost the same angle of the same room but a different poker buddy this time. I froze. Did he do this with each of them?! 

I was about to forward the tape when I caught sight of poker buddy 2 stroking to the same tape – me masturbating. My pussy clenched and I realized that the idea of all of them watching me and jerking off was seriously hot to me.

I sat and watched as poker buddies 2 through 4 all stroked and blew a load while watching my tape. By the time I go to the last one I was dripping wet. Last was Mr. M. jerking off and watching the same tape I was watching right now; the same way our game began. The tape ended and I was once again at a loss for what to do next.

I was insanely horny and there were 5 men in the kitchen who wanted me. How could I be here knowing they had seen that tape? Mr. M. had obviously set it up or he wouldn't have told me the tape was here... Did they know? It was a very arousing thought having 5 men sexually dote on me...to be the woman who caused and relieved their arousal... to see them all cum for me, but would I regret that later? I drank my drink in one gulp and sat thinking about what I should do next. I wondered if being that horny would be considered diminished capacity. The thought made me giggle.

The laughter from the game filtered in from the kitchen and I was thinking about the smart thing to do when Mr. M. came and leaned against the doorframe. "You ok?" he asked quietly.

I nodded, "mm hmm."

He smiled and walked over and perched on the arm of the couch. I leaned toward him and he began stroking my shoulder. "Find anything good to watch?" he asked.

I smiled up at him, "Oh yes." I was more definite than I had known.

He grinned and slid down the inside of the arm until he was seated on the couch beside me.

"You know," he said softly as he nuzzled my neck, "we can let these guys go home if you'd prefer."

"If you had offered that about 10 minutes ago I might have accepted but now... now I really want this."

"What is it you want?" he asked me, seriously.

"I'm not sure. All I know is watching them get turned on by watching me made me crazy and the idea of touching them and feeling them inside me makes me ache."

I turned and looked up at him. "Is that ok?"

He kissed my forehead and said, "It is very ok. Let me give this to you?"

I nodded and he stood and offered me his hand. I took it and he led me to the kitchen.

They all looked up when we came into the kitchen and I smiled. "You guys are all very photogenic." I teased and they all laughed. 

"Jenna is interested in sampling our wares, gentlemen, but we will be leaving it to her where the line is drawn." He turned to me and said, "You need to think of a safe word that is easy for you to remember and that wouldn't normally come up during sex. You can't choose, yes, no, hot, sexy, etc., understand?" I nodded that I did and he smiled. 
