 Thank you, readers, for your patience as I continue to work on this story. The older I get, the less time I have for writing, but these characters are constantly on my mind. This story will make more sense if you read Amanda's Adventure in the Pool, but you should be able to figure things out if choose to dive in here (see what I did there?). All characters are of legal age.

*****

Once inside the locker room, Amanda and Jeremy again found themselves alone. The swimming pool was generally quiet this time of day, and after the tribulations they had just endured, they both felt karma owed them a moment of solitude. Jeremy sat on the bench and pulled Amanda into him. He spread his legs as she, still wrapped in a towel, inched close enough for her breasts to rest atop his ribcage. He looked up towards her, their faces just inches apart.

"So, I have to know," he began. "Earlier in the pool you kind of took me off guard by asking if I've been with half the girls on campus."

Amanda blushed. "I know, I'm sorry."

"That's OK, I understand. But I hope you can also understand when I ask the same thing. Did you work your way through half the guys at your high school?"

Amanda gasped, half in shock, half in mock-anger. "What?! Why would you ever think that?"

"Well," he said, "For one thing, you didn't put up much resistance when I came onto you."

As he spoke, his hands slipped under her towel and up the backs of her inner thighs. Amanda welcomed his touch, sensing his chewed fingernails and calloused fingertips chafe tantalizingly against her lotion-ed skin. She subtly separated her feet a few inches further apart, allowing him access just a trace higher up her legs.

Amanda smiled. "You were pushing all the right buttons, what can I say?"

"That may be, but I find it hard to believe that you were a prude if you can walk all the way back here and not know where your bikini is."

With that, he grabbed the tiny strap that was dangling out of her ass and slowly started to pull it out.

"Holy fuck!" Amanda yawped as her body pressed hard into his in response. It felt like her bowels were being forcibly evacuated, which caused her knees to buckle, and she latched onto him in desperation. It was still unclear to her what was happening.

A second later, her thong fell with a splat to the floor, and Jeremy held her bikini top up to her, draped over a single finger. She snatched it from him, not having put two and two together yet.

"What I'm saying is, you had your bikini stuck up your ass and you didn't even notice. Wouldn't it be safe for me to assume that you've take a dick or ten up there in the past?"

"This was in my ass!?" she screamed, throwing it to the floor with palpable revulsion. 

"You couldn't feel Andrea shoving it up there?"

"No! I mean, I've never had anything in my ass before! I thought she was just fingering me there, and what I was feeling afterwards was the lingering effect of having my ass stretched for the first time."

Jeremy smiled at her, and she couldn't help but to smile back. This conversation was beyond humiliating, but she felt a comfort in his arms. She knew he was more experienced than her, but she wanted him to be her squire through her stages of sexual liberation. 

"I swear," she said.

"OK, I believe you, since you believed me. So what now? I've half a mind to throw this towel in the hamper and ravish you until we're caught again, but I don't think I can get hard again this quickly."

Amanda shifted to sit on his knee. "Well, I promised myself that I'd let loose a little now that I'm out of the shadow of my childhood home. Why don't you take my number, and let me know when you'd like to meet again?"

Jeremy took his cell phone out of his pocket and transcribed her number as she recited it.

"So what did you have in mind by 'letting loose?' I mean, what we just did was pretty wild. Do you want more adventurous than that?"

Amanda shrugged her shoulders demurely. "I don't really have anything specific in mind. I wouldn't say anything is off limits, but I also don't know what goes on on campus. Can we play it by ear?"

Jeremy couldn't believe his luck. To have this tight-bodied, big-titted, freshman nubile asking him to help her explore her sexuality was the kind of dream he never allowed himself to assume might become true. If he played his cards right, his senior year would be his best one yet.

"Sure, babe. Let's play it by ear. I'll be in touch soon."

He kissed her on the lips, quickly considered devouring her again, then made his exit.

Amanda removed her towel and started slipping on her thong when her phone vibrated in her locker. The vibrating of plastic against steel rattled around the tiled chamber in which she stood, jolting her psyche. She picked up the phone to silence the noise, expecting that the incoming messages would have been from Andrea, making her next demand. Instead, the source was an unrecognized number. 

Hey, it's Jeremy. Couldn't wait. How about tonight?

She felt a flutter in her pussy, astonished that he would make contact so quickly, let alone to set up a date that same day.

Can't wait! What did you have in mind? she replied.

Come to my room at the East Dorm, #241, at 9pm. Wear something suggestive.

Her fingers trembled as she typed her response. OK. I'll see you then.

...

Jeremy had just added the rigatoni to the boiling water when he heard a gentle knock on the door. The Bolognese, his mom's specialty, had been simmering for hours. He knew it wasn't the perfect precursor to an all-night fuck session, but it was the one dish he knew how to nail every time. He planned to start with a small portion, fuck Amanda until they were both drained of energy, and then eat some more to re-energize for round two.

When he opened the door, though, all of his plans escaped his mind. Amanda looked both innocent and experienced in a little black dress. It stopped about six inches above her knees, with simple, two-inch wide straps over the shoulders. But most tempting was the sultry, wanton look in her eyes.

"Hey, come on in," he offered, somewhat taken aback by how much this glimpse of her had caught him off guard. 

"Thank you," she said as she followed him inside.

Jeremy grabbed a bottle of wine from the fridge and started opening it. 

"How long until dinner?" Amanda asked.

"Pasta just went in. Should be about ten minutes."

As he withdrew the cork and started pouring the wine, he felt her presence behind him. Her hands were on his waist, and then sliding forward.

"What if I can't wait ten minutes?" she asked, suggestively, as her right hand grazed the front of his jeans.

Jeremy set down the bottle and turned around to face her. He put his hands behind him on the counter, allowing her to continue touching his cock through his jeans.

"Someone missed me," he said with a grin.

Amanda started rubbing him faster. "I really did. Do we have to wait?"

"If I stop boiling the pasta halfway through, it won't come out right. You're going to have to be really tempting."

Amanda smiled, grateful for the opportunity. "Tell me what you want me to do."

"Why don't you start by showing me what's under that skirt."

Amanda removed her hand from his crotch and took a couple steps back. Grabbing the hem of her skirt, she slowly lifted it until her lacy cheeky panties came into view. Without prompting, she slowly turned to give him a peek at her ass, before spinning back around to face him again.

"That's a nice start. Now why don't you drop those panties to the ground and hand them to me?"

Amanda hooked her thumbs into her panties and peeled them down her legs. They rolled up as she did so, making it easy for her to fling them at Jeremy's face when she was done. Jeremy caught them and brought them to his face, inhaling deeply. Amanda was so turned out by the image of him savoring the scent of her pussy, she started to squirm.

"That's good. These are mine now," he said before stuffing them into her pocket.

"I don't think so," Amanda answered cockily. "It's windy outside and I'm pretty sure I accidentally flashed my undies to a couple guys. I don't plan on flashing my bare pussy around campus tonight."

"Then maybe you shouldn't go home tonight," he replied confidently. "Now, I can see that you're wet already. Go ahead and play with yourself. Show me how badly you want me to turn off the stove and join you."

Amanda held her skirt up so he could see, then started rubbing her clit with two fingers.

"Tell me, Amanda: do you masturbate often? You're quite good at it."

"Almost every night," Amanda breathily replied.

"Every night! That's a lot! Even for a guy!"

"Well, I told you I've only had sex once before you. I masturbate daily so that it's not on my mind 24/7."

"And what do you masturbate about?"

Amanda started to flush. 

"Oh, don't be shy now, baby. You're standing half naked in my kitchen stroking your pussy in an effort to tempt me to put my cock in you. You can tell me what you fantasize about."

"I fantasize about a certain type of guy."

"What kind?"

"The kind of guy that my dad would hate."

"Bad boys? And what do they do to you?"

"It's not about what they would do to me. It's just the thought of knowing my dad would be furious if he found out I was with them."

"Am I one of those guys?"

"I don't know yet. You fit the look though, that's for sure."

Jeremy had heard enough. His cock was straining against his zipper. He pushed Amanda backwards until she made contact with the door. His right hand nestled

around her throat, exuding dominance but not cutting off air supply. Amanda stared into his

eyes with eagerness and submission. She wanted whatever he was going to do to her.

Jeremy slipped his left hand under her skirt and started pulling it up her body. After exposing

her trimmed pussy, he let go of her neck and grabbed her skirt with both hands. Amanda raised her

hands above her head, ready for him to strip her bare.

But Jeremy had something else in mind. Once he had inverted the dress above her neckline, he

pulled it up a few inches so that her mouth and nose were exposed, but her eyes were covered.

Her arms were trapped in her dress above her head, with her forearms crossing and enveloped

by the dress. He bundled some of the spare fabric and ensnared it on a hat rack on the back of

the door.

Amanda felt juices gushing to her pussy as Jeremy stepped away from her. This was not what

she has anticipated or desired, but she was so turned on at the thought of being totally exposed

to him. She had only worn a lacy black bra beneath her dress, and that now represented the only

shred of dignity remaining.

Jeremy pulled his cell out of his pocket and snapped a couple pictures. He had no specific

intention for them, but he had a feeling he'd want to remember this night forever. He then

approached Amanda and started stroking her inner thigh as he whispered in her ear.

"Do you trust me?"

Amanda nodded urgently.

"I pinned you here, but it's obviously flimsy and you could easily get out whenever you want. Agreed?"

"Yes."

"Do you want to know what I've planned for you tonight?"

"Please," she whined, desperate for him to move his hand as little higher.

"Tonight, you're going to fuck a friend of mine. Do you want to know about him?"

"I don't want your friend. I want you."

"Oh, don't worry. I'll fuck you, too. But when I told my friend about you, he insisted I let him in on

the action. I'm going to let him fuck you, but you won't get to meet him. You'll be blindfolded like

you are now. Tomorrow, you'll walk around campus, never knowing if the guy you just passed had

his dick in you the night before. But if you like, I'll tell you a bit about him now."

Amanda was surprised by this turn of events, but she couldn't deny that she was achingly

aroused.

"Yes, please," she responded.

Jeremy moved his hand higher and gently stroked her clit. Amanda thrust her hips forward to

meet him, but he moved with it, not wanting to bring her to climax.

"Well, first of all, even if you didn't have your eyes covered, you'd want to bang him. I'm not

tricking you into fucking some fat, acne-riddled virgin."

He moved closer and kissed her flush on the lips. Amanda opened her mouth in reply, but Jeremy

bit down on her bottom lip and pulled it away from her for a moment. He started stroking her a

little faster.

He released her lip, and Amanda groaned lustfully, teased on the brink of orgasm.

"Second, he's bigger than I am. A couple inches longer and thicker, too. You're definitely going to

cum all over his clock."

Amanda whimpered as he brought her closer. She didn't care who did it anymore, she just

wanted to feel a hot, hard cock filling her up.

"Last but not least," he said, whispering as he nibbled her earlobe, "your dad would definitely hate

him."

If he has remained a second longer, Amanda would have erupted. Instead, he removed his hand

and stepped away, watching her hips gyrate and thrust towards the empty space between them,

desperately hoping for contact of any kind.

Despite her frustration, she smiled wickedly. He was good at getting her fire started, and she

knew at some point tonight she'd experience the most powerful orgasm of her life. 

She sensed a presence approach her and assumed it was Jeremy. She hadn't heard anyone enter

the room, but she admittedly might have have missed a lot while she was held on the brink. She

felt a hand reach down behind her right knee, pulling it up and to the side, exposing her glistening

slit. Then, the unmistakable feeling of a cockhead pressing at her entrance.

The man stepped forward, sliding his arm forward so that her knee was now supported by

the crux of his elbow. Then, without warning, he slid his entire length into her with one thrust.

Amanda was so wet, this maneuver was easy. She practically sucked him in.

It took her breath away. Her mouth hung open in a silent scream, overcome by the incredible

sensation. And when his pubic hair tickled her clit, she lost herself.

"FUUUUUUUCKKKK!" she screamed. She was sure that anyone on that floor of the dorms would

have heard her, but she could care less. Let them hear. They should be envious of what she just

experienced.

The cock started sliding in and out of her, causing her to gasp deeply and repeatedly. She

honestly couldn't tell if it was Jeremy or not. He didn't seem noticeably bigger, as Jeremy

described, but that could have been because she'd never been wetter, and she was more

accommodating.

As he fucked her, he grabbed her bra between her tits and pulled at it savagely. He yanked it

down and away from her body until the shoulder straps and clasp snapped, then discarded it

unceremoniously at her feet.

His free hand alternated between pinching her left nipple and pressing her breast into her

ribcage for support.

"Oh my God, don't stop," she begged, overwhelmed by all the sensations inflicted upon her.

But he wasn't ready to let her cum again. He pulled out and released her completely, letting her

pant and whimper as she searched for the source of her next orgasm. This stall tactic convinced

her that it was Jeremy fucking her. This was all a ruse to heighten her senses and increase

arousal. But believing it was Jeremy didn't make her any less aroused.

She felt a pair of hands on her shoulders, encouraging her to spin around. It was a bit tricky, with

her arms trapped in her dress, but they managed. She was forced to lean her forearms against

the door, with he upper body slanting away from it. This position presented her ass in a most

enticing manner, which she assumed was the point. She wiggled her butt at him, enticing him to

take it.

She felt a pair of hands grab her hips to steady her, followed by the desired sensation of a hard

cock in her pussy. The man - she was now convinced it was Jeremy - pumped in and out with

temerity. His balls flung forward with each thrust and slapped her clit. His hips pounded her ass,

reddening her cheeks and heightening her arousal. He clenched her tightly, clearly on the verge of

cumming himself.

Amanda felt her pendulous tits bouncing erratically beneath her. With every thrust, they rocked

up before slamming back down against her ribcage. She felt her pussy clasp the pulsing dick,

and she held on to the hooks to keep from falling out of her dress and onto the floor.

In perfect harmony, they came at the same time. Cum filled Amanda's pussy like a firehose, and

she in turn squirted her orgasm all over his legs and the floor. He stepped forward, lodging

himself inside her and sandwiching her against the door. Amanda welcomed the assistance, as

her legs felt weary and on the verge of collapse.

When he finally withdrew, his cum gushed from her gaping hole with a squelch, oozing down her

thighs. He supported her as she lowered herself to the floor, her dress still blocking her vision.

Her chest heaved as she gasped for air.

It took several minutes for her breathing to normalize. It was only after she composed herself

that she sensed she was alone. She pulled the dress over her head, now fully nude except for her

heels, and scanned the room.

After being blindfolded for awhile, it took a few seconds for her vision to sharpen. When she

came to, she saw Jeremy sitting in the lounge chair, naked and slowly stroking his cock.

"Was it good for you?" he asked.

"Oh my God, yes."

"It's time to thank me for the best orgasm of your life. Come over here and suck me off."

Amanda sarcastically replied, "Shouldn't I thank the mystery man who just fucked me?"

He smirked. "You thank me first. I set it up. Maybe you can thank him later."

Amanda crawled over to him, failing to see the point of standing just to walk five feet, and he spread his legs to allow her to inch closer to his obelisk. Amanda admired its appearance; it was the closest that her face had ever been to a cock, and she took a moment to get herself acquainted. It stood rock hard and proud, about eight inches, with veins providing a smooth, ribbed texture from the base to the head. It looked like a fleshy push-pop, and she started salivating in anticipation.

He pointed it towards her so she was staring straight at the tip, and she noticed a spec of precum glistening at the hole. That made her realize that there wasn't any moisture anywhere else on it. If he had been the one fucking her, wouldn't some of her juices be coating his cock right now? Before she could ponder too long, Jeremy addressed her.

"Come on, Amanda. It tastes better than it looks. Give it a try."

Amanda inched forward and kissed the tip, tasting the salty precum on her lips. She licked it off with her tongue, then slid her head forward to take the entire head in her mouth. It was the size of a golfball, but smooth, and she enjoyed the feeling. But her happiness was cut short by Jeremy's criticism.

"You haven't done this much, have you, Amanda?"

She backed off his dick to respond. "This is actually my first time."

"Well, let me guide you a little. Lift up and put your elbows on my thighs."

Amanda did as she was told, and Jeremy released his cock so that it could stand straight up again.

"Good, now, put your mouth on it, stick out your tongue, and lower your head as far down as it will go."

Amanda took his head back into her mouth and extended her tongue beyond her lips. Trying her best to please him, she lowered her head until his cock wedged in the back of her mouth. She held it there, wiggling the tip of her tongue against the underside of his dick.

"Good girl. You're only about halfway down, but that will suffice for your first time. At some point, you'll get it all. For now, just bounce your head up and down as fast as you can."
