 To really understand this story -- You need to go back and first read: Their drinking leads to my pleasure. 

*

The feeling of John exploding into me was like nothing I have ever experienced before. I felt so full from his sheer size and then when he erupted into me, I felt like his load was never going to stop pumping into me. When he finally stopped filling me beyond full, I fell forward and out of burning desire I started kissing John full on with as much passion as I could muster. I am not sure if he realized who it was that was riding him and who he was even kissing but he returned my kisses with as much passion as he was receiving. I opened my eyes long enough to look into his eyes and all I saw besides his glassy pupils was the fire in his eyes. 

The next thing that I felt was his large hands firmly grabbing my ass cheeks and squeezing them. It sent shivers up and down my spine to imagine that he enjoyed it even half as much as I did. We continued kissing as he continued squeezing my ass, when he started lifting me up by my ass cheeks, my first thought was that the fun was over and that John must have realized who was kissing him. I was sure that the shit was about to hit the fan. Only when he thrust up into me as he aggressively pulled my ass back down onto him did I realize that he was again hardening for another round. The intensity of his thrust and the feeling of being filled beyond full, broke the kiss and had me reeling and struggling to keep from passing out. I threw my head back and moaned from deep within, as he continued driving his wonderful cock into me again and again. He was now the one that was in total control. I no longer had any will other than to serve him sexually, to be his wanton slut. I swear that I could feel every single ridge and bump, every vein and valley as his magnificent cock swelled to full erection. 

I had completely forgotten about his wife Satana until I heard her moan almost as loudly as myself. I looked over to find her with her pants and panties around her thighs and her fingers thrusting in and out of her beautiful shaved snatch. She must have realized what was happening and seemed to be enjoying the show. I was having a hard time concentrating on watching her show and the feeling of being used by John. Before I knew it John had turned him legs over the side of the bed and stood up with me still impaled on his amazing cock. He walked over to the end of the bed with me now bouncing myself on his cock again. When he was near Satana, he simply laid me down on the bed on my back with my legs in the air and his cock still fully impaling me. Moments later I felt the bed move and saw that Satana was now completely naked and climbing over me to straddle my face. 

As she lowered her smooth glistening lips to my waiting lips and tongue I felt John quickly withdraw his cock before slamming back into me with more force than ever before. His cock reached places never touched before by anyone or anything. I was now rock hard again and was quickly on my way to another mind-blowing orgasm. It took all my power to concentrate on licking Satana's slit as she started riding my face like I rode her husbands cock only moments before. It seemed like days had flown by, but in reality -- it was merely an hour since the fun had begun. John thankfully slowed his pace and intensity as Satana increased hers. My own erection crying out for attention as it tented the pink panties of Satana's that I was still somewhat wearing.

As soon as Satana started squirting into my mouth and all over my face, John slowly pulled out of my ass, leaving me completely empty and longing. When Satana lifted off my tongue and face, she turned over and lay next to me on the bed. John reached down and pulled me up to his lips as we once again began kissing. He placed his huge hands on my hips and turned my body around. I was now facing the bed and his beautiful naked wife, spread out wide and now waiting for more. It was at that point that I realized what they both wanted. I stepped closer and Satana grabbed the sides of the g-string panties and slipped them over the head of my erect cock and down my legs. As soon as they hit the floor -- Satana reached out and took my hands and gently pulled me to her. I slipped up on the bed as she grabbed my erection and guided me to her wet waiting slit. I had hardly entered her when I felt John grab my hips from behind.

I may not be as large as John but I still heard Satana moan as my balls hit her ass. I was amazed that she was still as tight as she was considering just how large and amazing John cock is. I had very little time to enjoy the sensations of her internal muscles and her talent with them before I felt John started feeding his monster back into my overjoyed ass. It took he a few tries to bury it balls deep again. With every thrust from him I could both feel and hear the response from Satana as my entire length was now being driven into her, again and again. I kissed her with the same passion that I had been kissing John with and she showed me her approval with her many talents. In this new position, John was really able to hammer into me like I never imagined before. As John started increasing his pace and depth, I was reeling from the feeling of both John and of the wonders that Satana was capable of with her body. All too soon I felt my balls tighten and my cock swell inside Satana. If she did not want my load inside of her -- it was certainly too late for that as I lost all ability to hold out. My load shot out of me in rapid-fire succession into her open cervix. Shot after shot seemingly stronger and stronger with each thrust from John hips into my ass. Satana's moans became screams as I filled her with everything that I had in me. 

John's pace quickened to more of a blur as I was about to come down from my orgasmic high, I felt John unbelievable cock swell and throb even more as it once again was coating my insides. The remarkable feeling sent me over the top again and I could feel another orgasm of my own crashing down on me and Satana. I am not certain that my balls had anything left to give, but they were certainly trying their best. I screamed out like a bitch in heat as we all collapsed into a single heap on the bed. Normally I would not want someone as heavy as John laying on me but with his cock still embedded in my ass and my cock still inside of Satana, I was in pure heaven and wanted to be nowhere else but there at that very moment.

To be continued???