 co-written by TeasinVixen & MasterBate August 2001

I was the first to arrive at the housewarming party. I honestly wasn't looking forward to going but promised my friend, Frank that I would be there. As the other guests started to arrive the idea of a fun party did not look promising. 

I stepped out into the garden for a bit of fresh air. The wind was of a cool breeze. For a moment I had the urge to strip and run naked through the flowers. Now that would sure liven up the party. As I laughed to myself for thinking such a thought, I had not realized that I was no longer alone. Two guys were sitting smoking a cigarette and looking just as miserable as myself. As I walked through the garden my eyes were not on the flowers but on the two gentlemen.

One was tall, about 6'4, was of slender build with shoulder length blonde hair. While the other one was of stocky build, short brown hair and about the same height. Both were dressed in jeans and tight t-shirts. Something that absolutely turns me on. Just as I found the nerve to join them they went back inside.

Following them inside I found them standing in the kitchen. I used the excuse of needing to top off my drink to get a better look at them. I was not disappointed at what I found. Since the room was a bit crowded and they were in the way of refreshing my drink. I just had to brush myself up against them rather than asking them to politely move. Neither one moved an inch as my hard nipples brushed their arms. "Excuse me," I said. 

The taller of the two turned to me and just flashed me the most gorgeous smile. I could feel my face turning three shades of red. Not so much for being embarrassed but for the thoughts running through my mind. 

"It's a little bit tight in here," said the stocky one. 

"Fortunately," laughed the other. Flashing them a warm smile I made my way back out into the garden. While I was sitting at the picnic table watching the sunset I heard the porch door open. Looking up the same two guys came walking towards me. 

"Mind if we sit with you," asked the taller of the two. 

"Sure thing," I replied, "have a seat." 

For a moment I thought I wasn't going to be able to say a word as the stocky one introduced himself as Kevin and his friend Steve. I found the courage to reply "pleased to meet you. I'm Bailey."

As we got to know each other it came out that none of us really wanted to be there. Our topic of conversation was of a wide variety. I could not believe how easy it was to talk with them. We seemed to have so much in common. I could not help but notice that they would steal a glance at my sheer black blouse when they thought I wasn't looking. The idea that they were getting aroused with the image of what lay beneath my silky lace bra turned me on even more. Steve excused himself and disappeared into the house. Kevin and I sat outside watching the stars appear as the sky darkened.

"So tell me, Kevin, what do you look for in a woman?"

"A nice warm smile and intoxicating eyes like yours." Did he just say my eyes were intoxicating? Did I hear him right? His devilish grin confirmed I had heard him correctly. With a seductive smile I thanked him for the compliment. "I just cannot seem to stop falling into them. Well, of course there are those beautiful hard nipples peeking at me," he laughed. Noticing the effect the cool wind had had on my nipples, I blushed. "How could you tell if they are beautiful if you have not seen them?"

"I just know they must be because you are also beautiful." The urge was tearing me apart. I just had to show him how beautifully aroused they were. "Then I guess you will have to see for yourself." While I slowly unbuttoned my blouse my finger just had to slide between my full breasts. Seeing that he was more then slightly interested. I flashed him my very erect nipples. He looked so startled I could not resist laughing as I covered myself back up. Just then I noticed that Steve was walking out the door. "I see that you two have been flirting without me," Steve said with a mischievous grin. "Now would I do that without you," Kevin chuckled as he gave me a wink. "Did I miss anything good?"

"Well all you really missed was this." With a wicked grin I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and whipped out my tits. All Kevin could do was giggle as his friend just stood in disbelief. For just a moment all you could hear was the party going on inside as we sat there in silence. Kevin and Steve just gawked at my well-endowed chest. All three of us were oblivious to what was going on in the house. 

Remembering a secluded bench behind a row of weeping cherry blossoms, I suggested to them that maybe we should go continue our conversation where we can have a little more privacy. They both offered me their arms. Willingly they followed me to the hidden bench. As I snuggled in between them I dropped my blouse to the ground Steve slid his hand behind me and unhooked my bra. Kevin then began ever so slowly removing it to give them an unobstructed view of my very aroused nipples.

Seductively placing my hand behind their heads I caressed their hair while bringing their faces closer and closer to my aching tits. As their tongues encircled my nipples I let out a deep sigh. I could feel the moistness growing hotter between my thighs. Kevin knelt before me as his hands felt their way under my leather mini skirt. I shuddered as his fingers reached their goal. Instantly parting my extremely moist pussy, a very deep moan escaped my lips as he found my clit with deft fingers. At the same time Steve licked his way to my ear while caressing my breast. I thought if I died at this very moment I would most certainly die with a very happy smile on my face. As Steve pushed his voracious tongue over my lips, Kevin had slid a finger deep inside me. This only drove me to kiss Steve back with a fierce passion. I had always fantasized about having two guys at once and now my dream was becoming a reality.

I pushed each one away from me and stood before them as I teasingly removed my skirt. Standing before them totally nude I pulled Steve to his feet as I gradually undid his jeans and freed his massive rod. I stood in awe of his thick nine-inch weapon. At the same time pushing my wet snatch in Kevin's face while he sat behind me. Hungrily I sucked on the tip of Steve's cock. Taking it inch by inch in my mouth. Devouring every bit of his huge dick, I felt Kevin's tongue work its magic deep in my dripping honey pot. I could feel Kevin's fingers tapping my clit and taking turns with his tongue in my sopping pussy. Gradually sliding his tongue around my asshole, I thought my eyes would pop right out of my head. He moaned, as I got even wetter.

Next thing I knew Steve turned me around and sank his throbbing cock deep inside my aching pussy. Kevin, in the meantime, had pulled his equally large rod out and started, as Steve hammered away. While watching my tits bounce rhythmically to the pounding I was receiving, the tip of Kevin's cock was glistening in the moonlight with the sweet nectar of his pre-cum. Pulling me closer to his shaft I fastened my wanting mouth around it and licked the milky fluid from its tip. I felt Steve pull his cock out of me and start licking the honey out of my pussy. Forcing me forward taking every bit of Kevin's engorged member deep in my throat. As I continued my assault on Kevin, my ass was pushing back on Steve's face causing him to eat me even harder as my juices flowed over his tongue.

Suddenly, I felt my hands being tied together with a piece of twine. "Kevin, where did you find that?" I asked breathlessly. " Under the bench, " grinned Kevin looking at Steve. Taking the signal from Kevin, Steve backed away, pulling me with him as Kevin positioned himself on the ground in front of the bench. Steve then laid me over backwards on top of Kevin's shiny member. Tying my hands above my head as I felt his hardness penetrate my ass. The pain of him entering me gave me a thrill as I gave way to the pleasure it suddenly produced. With Kevin supporting me I felt Steve slide his own rod deep into my dripping snatch. Taking my breath away I allowed my body senses to enjoy the feeling of the onslaught of their double penetration. I could not believe the sweet pleasure I felt as they fucked me senseless. As they found the rhythm I felt like I was going to explode. Every nerve in my body was tingling. I became numb to all but their ministrations.

" I was wondering where you three went to," a voice broke my train of thought. Turning my head I could see Frank leaning against a tree. "Don't let me stop you," Frank said with a husky voice. "Everyone else has gone home and I realized I had not seen any of you leave."

"Well, I am a bit tied up," I moaned as Steve and Kevin kept pumping away. "Looks like fun," Frank smirked as he came closer, freeing his erect penis out of the tight confinement of his jeans. "Mind if I join in," Frank inquired. I grunted as he positioned himself to the side of my face offering the tip of his purple head to my willing lips. At the same moment I could feel Kevin starting to quiver. Sucking hungrily on Frank's cock I felt Kevin erupt, filling my ass with his spunk as he pumped faster and harder deep inside me. With a quick thrust Steve pulled his shimmering cock out of my moist hole at the same time Kevin pushed me off his softening member. Kevin untying my hands turned me on all fours. While Steve fed his rod into my mouth, Frank took position behind me. Ramming his smaller dick deep into my well-fucked pussy. 

It only took Frank a few minutes before he exploded pulling his cock out and covering my ass with his semen. While I continued to devour Steve's phallus, Frank knelt behind me and flicked his tongue over my extremely sensitive clit as his fingers explored my honey pot. The pleasure overwhelmed me as Steve shot his bolt down my throat. I swallowed every drop as I fastened my mouth over his spitting member. As spasms tore through my body once again, my sweet nectar covered Frank's face.

As we lay there basking in the moonlight my quivering body eventually regained composure. I could feel the caresses starting all over again as Frank and Steve gently sucked on my nipples and Kevin fiddled with my clit.

But that is another story...