 The motor home was all packed and the sunset was spectacular as we hit the highway. This was the first time in over a year that we decided to just take off and head out and see the country. From my perspective, this was a chance to get away from the phones, the ads and the furious pace of selling real estate. For Connie, it was a chance to enjoy whatever tasty morsel came along. 

I laughed when I saw her well-equipped toy bag was sitting up front next to her seat. She was giggling while she was checking out her "equipment" making certain she had everything in working order. Now, taking a road trip with her was an adventure all its own. We purposely bought the motor home so she could travel with as little on as possible. She loved the feel of the sun coming through the windows bathing her body with its warmth. When we were with other couples, she could play to her hearts content as we motored down the highway. There were countless erotic reasons to make the investment and we discovered a great deal of them. 

We wanted to get out of Florida and see what Tennessee or Kentucky was like. 

I hit the turnpike and headed north. We were always amazed at the change of scenery leaving Ft. Lauderdale and heading north. Once you got past West Palm Beach, you really started to see the pine trees. We were at that place where we didn't want to see a palm tree for a week. The sun set and traffic was very light as we sped north. Connie laid down to watch a movie on the VCR and promptly fell asleep. She slept for a long time and when she woke, it was almost 3AM. We had just crossed into Georgia and I was hungry. I told her to get dressed as there was a service center a few miles down the road and I wanted to fill up and get something to eat. She hopped to the back of the coach and came back in a couple of minutes wearing a very short white skirt and a thin tee. Damn, this woman looked so hot.

I pulled up to the doors of the diner and Connie hopped out and went in to order while I took care of business at the fuel pumps. I walked in and was kinda startled that Connie was the only person in the place. I sat down and the waitress came over with a cup of coffee for me. Connie told me our waitress was Anne and she was bored out of her mind. This, according to Anne was the slowest night she had ever seen in the three years she had worked there. 

Anne was probably in her mid 20's, 5'5" tall with a pretty face, nice shape and she had killer legs. She wore a loose white blouse and a tight black skirt. Her legs were definitely attracting my attention. Anne told me our order would be up in just a few minutes. I was happy to hear that. Anne said she was happy to have someone to talk to. She had less than an hour before she got off work and she hated going home to an empty apartment. 

I looked over at Connie and had to stifle a laugh. When Anne said that, it was like a switch had been thrown. Connie's nipples sprang to attention. It happened instantly and it was extremely visible in that thin tee she was wearing. I wasn't the only one who noticed either. The bell rang and Anne went to get our order. As she placed the food before us, Connie asked if she would bring another cup of coffee over and join us while we ate. Anne smiled as her eyes kept glancing at Connie's very hard, totally erect nipples. She sat in the booth next to Connie and asked where we were headed. We told her no place in particular, just taking a week to travel and play. She didn't say anything about the play comment but you could see in her eyes that she was wondering what we meant. 

Connie told her we were going to go up to Tennessee so she could see all the hard body bad boys she could find. Of course, she points to me and says he just loves women who like country music. He says they are fabulous in bed. Everyone laughed and Anne looked at me and told me she loved country music.

"There ya go again, you always get first pick. I just can't win, " Connie laughed at me. 

Anne giggled and I just sat there smiling. I finished my burger and had just taken a sip of my coffee when I noticed a strange look on Anne's face. Connie is looking at me with a very sensuous look. She had her hand is under the table but I didn't know what was happening. Anne closed her eyes and let out a soft moan and instantly I knew. Suddenly Anne kinda gave herself a little shake and asked if we'd like any desert. 

Connie reached over and gently put her hand on the side of Anne's face, looked her right in her eyes and told her that the only desert she wanted was Anne's sweet pussy up on the table so she could taste her wet sweetness. "We told you we wanted to play and this is how we play. Are you interested in playing with us Anne?"

Connie's hand was caressing Anne's thighs under the table. She looked at Connie's nipples straining against the thin material. Her complexion darkened and she said she had never made love to a woman before. She said she was so totally turned on but she didn't know what to do. Connie assured her that we did know and, if she wanted, we would love to teach her. 

Anne looked at me and I smiled and told her that she was hot and that I would dearly love to give her a night to remember. She blushed even deeper and nodded her head and said she would love to. She admitted she was so horny earlier she had gone into the bathroom and rubbed her pussy. She cleared the table as the morning staff came in. We told her to come over to our motor home when she was finished. We paid and walked out. 

I moved the motor home out back and Connie put the window blinds on the windows. I popped a video into the VCR. A few minutes later there was a soft knock on the door. Connie opened the door and Anne walked in. Connie was behind her. I walked up to her and took her face in my hands and kissed her. Connie's arms came around from behind and her hands caressed her breasts through her blouse. Anne returned my kiss passionately as Connie began to unbutton her blouse. 

Connie's breasts crushed against Anne as she kissed the back of Anne's neck. Her blouse, now undone revealed lovely soft, firm breasts. Connie pulled her blouse from her body and revealed a very trim athletic build. Connie unclasped her bra and let it drop. In a flash, Connie had removed her own tee. Her nipples delicately caressed Anne's back. 

Anne felt the warmth of female flesh rubbing across her back, tantalizing her so sweetly. My hand began caressing her breasts as I removed her bra from her arms. Connie's tongue was teasing her ears and neck while she undid Anne's skirt. It fell to the floor. Connie was now naked behind her. Anne felt her naked hips pressed into her as she feels the heat of Connie's hot pussy pressed against her ass. Anne's tongue is delving deeper into my mouth as her passion builds.

Connie deftly removes Anne's panties, slowly lowering them to the floor while licking along the back of her glorious legs. Her hands are caressing her legs, her face touching their smoothness, her tongue flicking along the back of her knees. Anne's pussy is crushed against my hard cock. Her nails are raking my neck while her tongue darts furiously as her desires build. Anne unbuttons my shirt and I struggle to get it off. Her hands open the button on my jeans and unzip them. They fall to the floor. I feel her hands stroke my chest, her nails tracing lines deep into my flesh. My cock, throbbing in its hardness crushes against her stomach and she moans at the feel of it. 

"It tastes as good as it looks baby", Connie whispers as she wraps her sweltering body against Anne's naked flesh, "You want that cock don't you baby. Touch it, its so hard. Yes baby, feel his cock, run your hands over his steel shaft. You want it don't you baby? You crave that beautiful cock. Taste it, lick it, suck his cock deep. Run your tongue all over it, get it wet. Get down on your knees now and take that cock into your sweet, wanton throat."

Anne moans loudly as she falls to her knees and her hands caress my hard, hot cock. She holds it and her hot tongue snakes out of her mouth and she plays with the purple head, teasing me ever so wonderfully. Her hot, wet mouth begins to caress the sides of my shaft as Connie goes to her knees behind Anne. Connie's talented fingers slide between her legs and she feels the wonderful, shaved, sweet lips of this hot woman. 

"Gary, she's smooth as a baby's, just the way we love it." 

My cock had just passed her sweet lips as Connie's hand slipped into her aching pussy. Anne moaned in delight as my cock filled her hot mouth. Connie began to tease her tight pussy open. Anne spread her legs wider and Connie fell on the floor and slid between those glorious legs. Her hands caressing, kneading and teasing Anne's wonderful ass. Anne felt Connie's breath on her lips and she groaned and swallowed my cock fully.

Connie's lips parted Anne's folds as only an expert pussy licker could and her tongue swirled into Anne's glorious, sweet tasting folds. Anne's hands grab my butt and she pulls me deeper into her throat as Connie's mouth was driving her wild. Connie moved her arms up and her hands caress Anne's breasts. 

Her lips on her clit, her hands on her nipples and my cock deep into Anne's throat, she begins to ride Connie's face, her hips pick up a rhythm that Connie just loves, feeling her grind her soaked pussy hard onto Connie's pretty face. Connie's tongue glides into her velvet core and Anne goes wild, grinding, bucking, fucking that tongue while her nipples are being stretched and her throat filled with pounding hot cock.

"Baby, you love my husbands cock don't you?"

"MmmmmmUuuuuuuuHuuuuuuuHHhHH" Anne tried to say. 

"You want that hot hard cock in your sweet tight pussy baby?"

"Oh Yes, please let him fuck me."

"Fuck you? Where would you like him to fuck you?"

"I want him in my pussy, I want him in my ass, I want to feel this cock everywhere. God, I've never been this turned on in my life. Oh Gawd, I have to taste your pussy Connie, please feed me your sweet, hot cunt. I want it all."

I grab her hand and lead her to the bedroom. She lays on the bed and spreads her lovely legs wide. My wet cock glides across her slippery slit. I tease the head onto her clit as Connie straddles Anne's sweet face. Anne's tongue snakes out and Connie lowers her sizzling wet lips right onto her aching tongue. Anne took to pussy like a fish to water. 

Her hungry mouth licking, tasting and savoring the nectar flowing from my wife's hot twat. Anne's hands caress Connie's ass as her mouth goes crazy. Connie, ever the slut she is, begins to rock onto Anne's face. I slip my cock into her extremely tight, silken shaft and she moans and begins to meet my thrusts, her hips rising to meet me with each stroke. Her pussy is so tight, so wet, and the friction feels marvelous as my cock pistons deeper into her. My hand finds her sweet, hard clit and as I flick it, she thrusts harder. My cock goes deeper. Her tongue goes faster and I watch my wife riding this wanton sluts mouth. Connie is building to a glorious climax. I can see it in her eyes. 

"You're going to make her cum with that hot mouth Anne. Do you want her to cum all over your face? She's really close Anne, very very close." I whisper.

Connie arches her back, shrieks, shudders and explodes onto Anne's wanton lips. I feel Anne's pussy clamp hard on my ramrod and her hips shake uncontrollably as her orgasm rocks the motor home. My cock is pounding her, deeper, harder, faster as her tongue keeps Connie writhing in ecstasy on her face. Anne's orgasm keeps building, stronger and stronger with each thrust. Our loins joined together by total lust. Her body temp building as she continues this long, delicious orgasm. 

Connie collapses onto the bed beside Anne. Anne's orgasm begins to subside. Everyone is gasping for air. Anne's face is so wet. Connie leans over and begins to lick her sweet honey from Anne's face. Their tongues collide in a passion driven frenzy. Their bodies trembling from the electricity flowing between them. 

I sit back and watch as they lovingly begin to please each other. 

Hands slowly exploring, tongues tasting, flesh flowing over and around as they feel each others warmth. Anne moves down onto Connie's hot pussy. I hear her inhale the aroma of a woman in heat and watch as her body arouses once again. Her tongue glides over Connie's clit and she yelps and pushes hard onto her precious nub. Connie moves around and puts her head between Anne's sweet legs. Connie's hands begin caressing Anne's still shaking body as her tongue invades her once again. With Anne's ass lifted up so beautifully, Connie's lips delve deeply into her drenched pussy. 

I can not control myself. That perfect ass is begging for my tongue. I lean over and Connie's hands spread Anne's sweet cheeks as my hot tongue glides onto her tiny, tight rose. Startled, Anne jumps but quickly pushes back onto my wet mouth. Connie's lips lovingly stroke her pussy.

My tongue caressing her ass. Anne begins to buck and grind, craving every intense feeling, My finger circles her tight hole, circling ever closer. Anne's on fire. My finger pushes down onto her sweet ass and I feel her open gently. My finger snakes inside her. She is grinding her pussy onto Connie now with total abandon. I grab some lube and her body opens wider. I insert another finger inside her and she goes insane. My fingers glide deep into her hot horny ass.

Her face is devouring Connie so lovingly. I grease my hard cock and push the head against her well greased opening. She moans and tenses as I enter her. I stop and let her relax. I feel her push back onto my shaft and I slowly enter her deeper. Another pause and deeper I go. Her ass is bucking wildly as she pushes back fully onto my cock. Slowly I begin to fuck that glorious ass. Connie is licking her clit with feather like wisps and Anne's face is seriously trying to crawl completely inside my wife's aching pussy. My strokes increase in rhythm. Anne's eager asshole lovingly accepting every inch and was begging for more. 

The pace quickens, her hot tight ass feels like heaven. My cock slams into her, deeper and deeper with each thrust. My balls are slapping her pussy and Connie's face as Anne eagerly takes every thrust with total abandon. Her body tenses. Connie is beyond holding back and I can feel the load of the century building deep in my balls. Anne explodes with a force only measurable on the Richter Scale. 

She's screaming, her ass is flying in every direction on my cock. She is flooding Connie's face as Connie herself erupts in total lust. My legs start shaking, my muscles tighten and I grab Anne and pull her hard onto my exploding cock. Wave after wave of hot cum fly into her, splashing her tight ass with its warmth and wetness. She begins to shake uncontrollably as her body is raked with blissful passion.

We don't move. Hell, we can't move. My cock eventually softens and gently slides from her perfect ass. We collapse finally. I hear Connie whisper to Anne.

"Did you enjoy dessert baby?"

We laughed till we cried.