 Life is good when you don't let stupid details get in the way. Even though you live in a tropical paradise, it's hard to enjoy life when your work is a pressure cooker that consumes your every waking minute. It's time like these when you just have no other choice than to leave home and get away. The constantly ringing telephone was your source of income and it was necessary for your existence. Out on the road, we had the luxury of knowing that when this phone rang, it was personal and usually pleasurable.  

This afternoon we drove along with pure blue skies, crisp clean air and good tunes playing on the stereo. After the way our day had started, we were both more than happy. Everything was right with the world today. Well, almost everything.

"We are blowing right through Atlanta aren't we" Connie asked?

"That's the plan but who the hell knows what that is going to be like. How many times have we driven through here...and never once taken the same route? What is wrong with these people, can't they ever finish the road construction? I guess we'll just have to see when we get there. At least, we should miss rush hour."

"You said that last time too...and you were wrong" she giggled.

"Don't spoil my mood hon."

We both laughed and realized it would take a lot to dampen the mellow satisfaction we were experiencing. 

Atlanta came and went without any difficulty for a change. That was simply another plus to an already perfect day. We watched the sky turn to gold and then flare into vivid shades of red as the sun said goodnight to the east. 

"I don't know about you hon, but I'd like to park this thing, have a nice dinner, and get some sleep."

"Sounds wonderful to me. It's been a wild couple of days. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm loving it but I'm tired too" Connie said.

A few miles later I saw a sign for a campground and I pulled in. It was a lovely park with every convenience. As I was hooking up, Connie was busy in the galley marinating the steaks and getting the corn ready. I got the grill out and started warming it up when she walked out with a couple of her "Killer Margarita's" and handed me one. Damn woman is definitely worth her weight in gold. We sipped our drinks and reflected on our adventures so far and we agreed that this was quickly turning into our best trip yet. Dinner was wonderful. When I brought the food into the coach, I was surprised to hear soft romantic music playing, candles on the table and my wife looking so sweet.

"I don't give a damn about anything, tonight you're all mine", she said as she kissed me deeply.

We finished dinner, went into the bedroom and popped a movie into the VCR and spent the next couple of hours gently making love. 

The sun streaked in through the blinds and the smell of fresh brewed coffee got my attention. I yawned, stretched and opened my eyes to the site of this wonderful woman bringing me my morning coffee. I took the cup, sipped it and set it on the nightstand. I grabbed her arm and pulled her back into bed and hugged her. "Last night was wonderful baby" I said.

"It sure was. I was worried you didn't want me anymore" she pouted.

"Not a chance dear, not a chance. We should get rolling and see what new adventures we can find today" I said as I kissed her neck teasingly.

We rolled out of the park and onto the highway and headed toward Nashville. The phone rang and it was Anne. Connie told her about our adventure with Beth and Tom and they laughed and giggled for quite a while. Connie told her about the truck stop and didn't miss a detail. She put the phone on speaker so I could chime in too. Anne was getting turned on listening to the story and we helped her along by telling her every last detail. We heard her scream as she came over and over again. When I told her about the bow Connie took, she roared with laughter. We promised to let her know when we'd be back and hung up. 

We are somewhere out on Hwy 24 cresting a hill as I see a car sitting on the shoulder of the road. I move over in my lane to give it a wide berth. The hood was up and we could see there were people standing at the front of the car. As we approached a young man stepped to the edge of the road and held up a sign that read "Gas". 

"We should see if we can help. We're out in the middle of nowhere" I said.

Connie had her eyes on more than I did. She had a glint in her eye as she nodded agreement. I pulled past them and over to the side of the road. As I was backing the rig up on the shoulder, I saw the reason for the look. There were four, young guys standing by the front of the car. "Is my baby horny?" I giggled.

She just let out a sort of guttural growl and laughed.

I got out and found out that they were, indeed, out of gas. I told them I hadn't seen a gas station in a long time and I didn't have any because my rig was diesel. I asked them if they knew where a gas station was in the area. One of the fellas said he thought there was a place up the road but it was quite a ways. They asked if I could give one of them a lift up to the service station. I heard a noise behind me and turned as Connie stepped down off the rig. She had quickly changed into something really hot. She walked up and I told her what the boys needed. 

"No hon, I don't think that would be a good idea. We've got plenty of room and I think they all should come, don't you?"

Talk about a Kodak moment. I'd have given my right arm to have a picture of the look on their faces right then. "Hey baby, it works for me. Why don't you guys lock the car up and hop in. We'll take care of you."

Everyone piled on board and I started up the road. I heard her ask them if they'd like a soda or coffee. "You guys don't look old enough to drink. How old are you guys anyway?" They explained that they ranged in age between nineteen and twenty-one. They were school friends who were heading to Nashville to meet up with some girls they had met at Daytona during spring break. 

"So you're going to Nashville to get lucky huh? I guess you were right baby. You said they looked pretty horny when we pulled over." I laughed. "So tell me guys, are these girls hot?" They all started telling about the girls that they were going to meet. They sounded pretty hot. Now these guys were all good looking strong, young men and they were just starting to feel their oats. I started teasing them asking if any of them had ever got past first base with a girl. The oldest one said he had and the other three were just nodding their heads.

"What's with you guys, I didn't hear a resounding yes coming from you three?" Connie teased. "Well, have you?" 

Two said they had had a few experiences touching and feeling but no further and the one young guy said the only date he had ever had was the one with the girl he was going to meet now. He said they had kissed a bit in Daytona but that was all. He was pretty embarrassed talking about it. Connie asked them what they were going to do if thing really got going. The older one said he knew how to take care of business. Connie looked at him and laughed, "Oh you do, do you. We'll have to see about that." I roared. The other three said they'd just let nature take its course. 

"I don't know babe, that sure sounds like shortchanging the girls. What do you think?" I quipped.

"I know I wouldn't be too happy with that." she replied. "If these girls are as hot as you claim, then they deserve the best there is."

"Hon, you've got a stud back there who thinks he knows what to do. Why don't you check it out and see just how good he is. Hell, check them all out. What do you say guys? Want to learn a few tricks. I guarantee you'll really impress your girls."

"Are you okay with that?" they asked me. 

"Well, if you want to learn, I guess you've got two choices. You can either do it or one of you can come up here and drive and we'll show you how it's done. Who wants to drive?" Funny, there were no volunteers. 

Connie walked over to the oldest one and sat on his lap. She kissed him deeply, running her hands all over him. He kissed her back as she started unbuttoning his shirt. She removed his shirt revealing his tight hard body frame quickly. "Oh baby, you look good." She kissed his neck, nuzzling him as she slid over to the other one on the sofa. Quickly his shirt was gone and she began to remove her skimpy blouse.

The boys gasped when they saw her perfect mounds of flesh revealed. She grabbed their hands and placed one on each of her firm breasts. Her pink, hard nipples standing tight and firm, reacted immediately to the tender touch of these young men. She leaned forward and motioned the third guy over to her. She ran her hands over his firm body as she took off his tee shirt. She pulled him down and kissed him deeply while her nails traced passion trails across his chest. She reached for the last guy and repeated the same on him.

She stood up and motioned for the two on the sofa to do the same. She reached for the switch on the wall and the sofa began to convert into a very comfy bed. "That's better, now we all can get comfy." Still standing, she kissed each one in turn, passionate, probing, groping, cock throbbing, wet sweet kisses. She thrilled at the heat of four, young, strong hard men surrounding her sweet body. She pushed two of them back onto the bed and climbed down in the center of the bed. She pulled the other two down on the edge of the bed and now, with herself in the middle. She started to give them pointers.

She showed them where a woman liked to be kissed. With her slim finger she pointed out the sensitive parts of the back of her neck from the center up to her ears and back down and across her shoulders. The two boys behind her began lightly kissing the back of her neck. They were very quick studies, perfectly following the instructions laid out for them. Her back arched her body into them as the two boys on the edge of the bed gently stroke her silky legs. She moaned encouragement as the first two performed perfectly. Connie began pointing out to the boys in front how to touch, tease and please a woman's breasts. 

"Don't attack them, touch is important. A light touch is good to begin with. Don't just grab them, cradle them lovingly. Touch them lightly, playfully. Feel the sides tenderly, enjoy the firmness of the sides of the breast." She took her finger and drew a line beneath her breast. "This is very sensitive, very erotic and most men hardly ever touch a woman there. Don't you be one of them. Don't attack the nipple. That is the prize but you have to handle it well. They are very sensitive. Tease them, trace your finger around them very lightly, circle them and lightly move your finger from the bottom of the aureola to the tip of the nub slowly and gently. With just the tip of your finger, circle the nib; feather soft touches work so much better. Try it."

The two boys begin touching her. The other two continue kissing her neck, ears, shoulders. Her breasts are being toyed with perfectly. Their hands explore her passionately. She instructs the boys kissing her neck to run their hands along the sides of her body as they kiss her neck. This is driving her wild as she has good students. They are following their teacher's instructions perfectly. Her nipples are afire with lust at this moment. I can see the look on her face in the mirror. Her wanton passion is building quickly but she is patient with her new friends. "What you did with your fingers, now do the same thing with your tongues boys. Use your hand and your tongue together and you will have your girls so wet they won't believe it." She arched her back into the two men behind her, thrusting her breasts into the eager mouths of the two in front of her. She let out a guttural moan as she reveled in the action. 

I pulled into the gas station, hopped out, filled two containers and turned the coach around and headed back to their car. Connie was moaning and squirming and I congratulated the boys on getting their lessons down pat very well. Their huge grins spoke volumes. 

She jumped up and started to remove her drenched shorts. "Come on guys, its time I see what you've got. Lets get rid of these jeans." She jumped onto the bed with her back to the wall as the boys shed the rest of their clothes. "Baby, I hit the jackpot. Mmmmm look at these beautiful hard cocks."

I looked in the mirrors and saw four, hard, strong cocks pointing at my lovely wife. "Yeah baby, looks like you hit the mother-lode here." 

"Now guys, you master this part and you'll win the hearts of every woman you will ever be with. The insides of a woman's thighs are so sensitive. Don't just dive headfirst into a woman's pussy, gently stroke her thighs first. Her legs are erotic and a woman loves to have them stroked. Kiss them, use your tongue and hands and caress them. The backs of her knees are extremely sensitive. Run your hands across her hips, onto her thighs and down her legs. Use your hand and your tongue together and you'll drive her wild. Work your way back up from her knees, stroking and kissing. Let her feel your breath on her thighs. Guaranteed to work everytime. As you get closer, lick along one side and down the other. Gently pull her apart and then lick the sides. You'll drive her wild. When you get to her clit, be gentle and lightly flick it with your tongue" she told them. "Now lets see what you've learned boys".

As the first one began the others started kissing and fondling her smoking body. She reached over and began stroking their cocks. The fellow between her legs was apparently doing everything very well. She had six hands caressing her body, three men kissing her breasts, neck, shoulders and mouth. Her hands were stroking those hard cocks and she had a tongue deep into her pussy. She was on fire. The guys switched positions and each one took turns licking and tasting her wet pussy. She was drenched and she loved it. When the last guy finished licking her sweet pussy, she pulled him up between her legs, grabbed his hard shaft and rubbed it across her clit. She didn't need to worry as he was leaking precum profusely. She guided his strong cock into her pulsating pussy and he began to thrust deeply into her. 

"Oh yes baby, that's good, that is so good. Fuck me baby. Oh yes that is so good." His cock drilled into her and he was a strong guy. His cock was slamming into her. She screamed as her body shook with a huge orgasm. His butt became a blur as his balls slammed against her ass. He came fiercely, a torrent of hot cum splashing deep inside her. He pulled out and was immediately replaced by the next one. She took his cock and pulled him to her lips. "Baby, let me clean that up for you" she purred. She took his hard cock into her mouth and he was thrilled at the feeling of her lips wrapping around him. She blew him with total abandon as her pussy was being drilled heavily by the one in her pussy. She came again and he did as well. The next one entered her and she was bucking wildly as his large cock opened her wildly. She turned her head to one cock and then the other. Her tongue wrapping around each and she inhaled them in turn. 

Hands covered her body, bringing her pleasure simultaneously. The big cock erupted and blasted her into a huge orgasm yet again. The last fella climbed on and began to glide into her cum drenched cunt. He was the oldest one and he did know what he was doing. His long hard cock dove deep into her wanton pussy. She threw her legs around him and pulled his hard cock deep and he was strong. She came almost immediately and he felt her pussy clench onto his cock and he increased his thrusts. She was cumming and sucking and sucking and cumming and he was pounding her pussy mercilessly. He let out a groan and he blew his load deep into her thirsty twat. She came with him yet again and as she held his cock deep inside her she went into a total body orgasm. She shook and convulsed as the cock in her mouth exploded as well. 

He pulled his cock from her dripping pussy and she grabbed it, turned and got on her knees and drove his cock deep into her throat. 

"Don't let that pussy go to waste guys. Get behind her. She still needs more cock." I told them.

They didn't need any further encouragement. Each one took her doggie style, pounding her pussy with the enthusiasm of youth. She was lost in her lust, oblivious to anything but cock and cum. She was truly enjoying this as I knew she would. Four good looking, strong, young cocks were what she wanted. Countless orgasms were what she craved and the boys delivered abundantly. She was drenched, their cocks were soaked as I pulled over to turn around. We were back at their car. The boys started to grab for their clothes. I told them to hold on to that thought. I pulled up behind their car and turned on my flashers. I asked them if they had enjoyed the trip. They all laughed and said it was incredible.

"Let me turn this thing back into a sofa" I said, "There is one more thing you need to experience." They all got up as the sofa took shape again. I took her hand and asked if she had fun. She nodded and I told her to get down on her knees. "You guys have just had an experience few people ever get. You seem to have learned your lesson very well. She's just had a superior fucking and that is what you want to give those girls you're going to meet tonight. If you remember what you've learned and you do to them what you did to her and you always treat them with respect, your ultimate reward will be to have them kneeling at your feet begging to take your cock deep into their throat. When you are standing in front of them and your cock is in their throat, and you see them look up into your eyes as they suck you. You will have had the ultimate reward. Now, stand around her. Don't be alarmed but she needs her reward too for what just happened, don't you think."

The boys enthusiastically agreed as they stood there with their still hard cocks only inches from her face. On her knees, her hot mouth opened, her tongue tracing her lips hungrily as I reached over and turned her head towards me. "You've been a good little slut. You can't leave these guys this way. Shall I feed you these hard cocks to clean off." I reached over and took one cock and pulled it to her lips. I ran it over her lips and placed it into her mouth. "She just loves to have me feed her someone else's cock guys. It turns her on completely"

"You mean that is possible for her to be turned on more than this?"

"Hell yes. Just do her a favor though. This time, don't cum in her mouth. She wants to get you all to the point where you cum at the same time. She wants you to spray her face with your cum" I said as she took his cock into her mouth, licking the head, the shaft and down his balls. I took another one and repeated it she took the other two that were offered to her and she took each cock fully into her throat. When they were deep inside she would look at each one as she savored their prime young cocks. 

"Damn, talk about the ultimate reward man, you've got that. You've got her."

I laughed and agreed as I bent over and placed a towel on the floor between her legs. "She really gets off if you talk real dirty to her while she is sucking cock" I told them. "Help me out here guys. Talk dirty to her. That's it baby, suck these fine cocks, open that slutty throat and take all that meat down deep."

The boys started telling her to suck them, lick their cocks and balls. They told her how good she was. They called her a great cocksucker and that they were going to flood her face with their sticky, hot cum. She was doing them furiously, forcing them into her mouth sometimes taking two cocks at a time between her lips. Everyone was fast approaching and I could see it. I told them when they were getting ready to blow to start to jerk off onto her face. The boys began to stroke their cocks and she looked into their eyes, opened her mouth and begged them to cum on her face.
