 The heat of the morning woke us. Anne looked at her watch and yawned, stretched and giggled. Connie did the same. I heard the two of them and I rolled over, pulled a pillow over my head and moaned. 

Anne had to get going and started to get dressed. Connie walked over to her, planted a sweet kiss on her lips and thanked her for a great evening.

"I'm the one who has to thank you two. I've never done anything like that before, I've never touched another woman but that was so wonderful, I guarantee that I will do that again. Gary, you were great and I sure wish you two lived closer. I could get into that on a very regular basis." Anne said.

"Well sweetheart, " I mused, "We will be coming back this way in about a week. Should we plan on stopping by?"

Anne grinned sweetly and said she was hoping we would say that. The girls exchanged numbers and we told her to call us anytime and we'd fill her in on our adventures.

We kissed Anne goodbye and hit the highway. Connie made a pot of coffee, which I wanted more than life itself at that point. We flew past the red Georgia clay, soaking in the scenery. 

The morning flew past quickly. Connie napped up front for a while. She had on a pair of Daisy Dukes and her half shirt was completely unbuttoned exposing her fabulous tits. I tuned in channel 19 on the CB and started looking for truckers to flash. When she was awake, this was one of her favorite things to do. I got the biggest kick out of the CB traffic.

Traffic was very light but eventually I spotted an eighteen wheeler up ahead. I pulled up to pass him and I saw him look in his mirror. He looked then looked ahead. Seconds later, he was staring in his mirror as I ever so slowly crept up on him, giving him a very good look at what was coming. This guy is straining to see as the two vehicles got closer. As I pull up beside his window, his face is right up at the glass. Connie is snoozing but even then, she is giving him a really good show. 

This guy looked like he was probably in his mid 30's, sandy brown shaggy hair and very bad teeth. Hell, he was grinning so much, you'd have thought he was at the dentist. He gives me a big thumbs up and hit his air horns in appreciation. Connie, startled by the noise right next to her, woke up real quick.

"What the Fuck?" 

Then she saw the trucker less than three feet from her. I heard her laugh and she smiled at the guy ever so sweetly. She put her arms over her head and stretched, arching her back, extending her arms back and down to the back of her neck. Her hands languished at her neck then she pulled her hands over her shoulders and onto her breasts. 

By now, I've got to watch out because the truck is drifting over towards me. The trucker is drooling watching my wife caressing her breasts. She is staring at him, cupping her breasts as if offering them to him. His head is nodding that he wanted them. She laughed and pinched her nipples and tugged on them pulling them taut. We could almost hear him gasp when she did that. She got up on her knees turned and faced him giving him full frontal view. 

Her hand dropped between her legs and she started to rub her pussy through her shorts. With one hand on her breast and the other on her pussy, she is driving this guy wild. Her hand moves to the button on her shorts. His head is nodding in agreement. She slowly opens them and her hand slips inside. She pulls her hand out and sucks her fingers. She is smiling ever so sweetly as her fingers glide along her tongue. 

By now, it is apparent he is driving one handed. She opens her shorts and starts to pull them off. She stands up on the seat and steps out of them. He's weaving all over the road as he sees her perfectly bare, soaking wet pussy. She moved as close to the window as she could get. She's totally immersed in getting herself and him off. Her hands rubbing her tits and stroking her sweet pussy. Her fingers spread the lips and she shows him a flash of pink as her finger glided inside. She pulls it out and sucks it while her other hand delves inside yet again. 

His arm is moving very fast on his obviously hard cock as she grabs her pillow and doubles it. She lays back on the seat with the pillow under her ass, her legs spread wide against the glass. His tongue is falling out of his mouth as she lay spread wide open right there, only a few feet away, yet completely out of touch. Her hands caress her abdomen, down to her sweet hot lips. She opens her pussy wide giving him a glorious view. Her fingers probing into her steaming twat deeper. She finds her clit and commences to play with that hot hard button. Her ass is moving up, her legs spread as wide against the window as she can get them. Her left hand moves behind her left leg and her finger touches her hot tight ass from behind. 

She has her right hand playing her clit like a fine tuned instrument while her left hand begins to finger her tight, sweet butt. Her finger slides deep into her ass. I lean over and put my hand into her goodie bag and hand her a nice sized toy. She takes it, sucks it deep into her throat while her ass is being probed deeply. She takes that toy and plays with her clit. She slides it into her drenched pussy and begins to fuck her hot twat deeply. 

"Honey, I think he's going to cum, " she told me. His hand is pumping furiously as are hers.

She arches her back and screams as she begins feeling her body tense on that hard cock and slender finger. She plows that cock into her and cums hard and fast. Her pussy is drenched. She looks at the trucker and asks him if he came. He nodded and grinned. She told him to show her his cum. He raised his hand and it was covered with white, sticky cum. She pulled the dildo out of her mouth and licked it clean. 

She waved goodbye to the trucker and we continued on.

"Breaker one nine, Breaker one nine, hey all you good buddies out there be on the lookout for a big Pace Arrow Silver Grey motor home heading north toward Atlanta. You gotta see the broad onboard. Damn, damn, damn is she HOT."

We laughed uncontrollably as he gave out the general location.

"Wanna bet we meet up with the Georgia Police baby?" 

"Hey, I'm on cruise and I'm watching. Besides, I can't ever recall actually getting a ticket the times we have been stopped. You flirt so well, my dear" I giggled.

"Well, that was a nice way to wake up but I've got a bone to pick with you."

"What did I do now?" I asked.

"I didn't get any cock last night. Anne got it all. I feel left out. You know I crave cock." she smirked.

I started laughing and couldn't stop. "Before this day is out, you'll have cock my dear. I can just feel it in my bones." 

I roared as I grabbed my crotch. I looked up and there was a convoy of eighteen wheelers ahead. I pointed, she looked and her eyes lit up. I reached down, grabbed her goodie bag and threw it on the seat. 

For the next 10 miles she put on a show you had to see to believe. We were put in the cradle till the last truck had its show. We motored on, to the sounds of air horns and hard cocks erupting everywhere. 

I looked at her, she was glistening with sweat and cum and she had a definite smile on her face.

The sun was straight up and I saw a that a service center up ahead. I didn't need fuel but I sure was hungry. She stowed her goodies and went back into the bedroom and made up the bed and got dressed. She came out of the bedroom wearing her daisy dukes and a clean, dry shirt tied in the front. She had her hair pulled back into a ponytail, her makeup perfect, her lips carefully painted a lovely shade of red. She wore high heels and I laughed. Here we were in the heart of Dukes of Hazzard country and I'm going into a truck stop with Daisy Duke. This should be fun. 

We park by the restaurant and I can feel eyes all over us as we enter. Every guy and gal in the place turned to look. She loved it and all I wanted was a menu. We took a booth by the window and a teenie bopper waitress walked by and threw us a couple of menus. We ordered coffee and she flitted away. Minutes later, she's back.

"We don't get too many celebrities in here. Everyone's talking about you. You must be famous huh? What can I get you?"

Don't ask me how we did it but we managed to order with a straight face. Off she went and I looked at Connie and she was blushing so red I thought she was going to have a stroke. 

She raised her eyes up at me and said, "after the morning we've had, you had to pick the busiest truck stop in the entire fucking state didn't you?" 

I couldn't help it, I roared. I was laughing uncontrollably as a guy and gal walked in and took the booth next to us. They sat down and got their coffee.

Connie asked the waitress where the restrooms were and she got up to go. Every eye in the place was glued to her every movement. I've gotta admit, I've seen her in every outfit you can think of and that one was my favorite too. 

I heard the couple behind me comment on her as she walked past. The lady said she'd kill for a body like that. The guy said, so would he. His lady slapped him playfully when I heard him whisper, "Holy fuck Beth...look over there. Silver Grey Pace Arrow. Oh my God, that's gotta be her. That's gotta be her"

"Shushhhhh don't let him hear you." she whispered as Connie came back to the table. She sat down with such a shit-eating grin on her face. She loved the attention.

I used hand signals to indicate that the new couple figured out who we were because they saw the Pace and they saw her and put the two of them together. 

"We need more sugar baby", she said. 

I laughed and in a normal voice asked if she hadn't had enough "sugar" this morning already. With that, I turned to the couple in the other booth and asked if we could have a couple of packets of sugar. 

The fellow handed me the packets and laughed "unless I am completely mistaken you two could have damned near anything you asked for in here."

"Really, what makes you say that?"

"Well, I may be way off base but is that your coach over there?" I nodded. "You have driven us absolutely wild listening to the CB traffic all morning but we were too far behind you to enjoy the view." he said. "My wife is so turned on right now, I know I'll have to thank you both later."

He's talking to me but he's looking at Connie. I'm talking to him and checking out his wife. She is cute, quite petite but with a great body. He is about 6'3, lean and muscular. They were in their thirties. Both were great looking. We asked them if they wanted to join us as the waitress brought our food. They moved into our booth, introduced themselves as Beth and Tom. She sat next to me and he sat next to Connie.

"So we can have anything we want huh? Well Connie, what would you like my dear?"

Connie's eyes glistened and she looked right at Beth and said that what she wanted was to finish her lunch and then fuck the living hell out of Tom right there in the motorhome. Beth looked at Tom who almost choked on his burger. His eyes betrayed him and she laughed, looked at Connie and said that was fine with her but she was going to take me into their truck and give me the ride of my life. 

"That works for us Hon, that works for us."

We gulped down our lunch, paid the tab and left the waitress a nice tip. We laughed as we walked out knowing every eye was on us. When Tom got up and Connie slid over and stood up there was a collective gasp as she reached up and kissed him. I pulled Beth out of the booth and she did the same to me. We walked out of a totally packed, positively silent diner arm in arm.

The Pace was by the front door; the truck was further back. Beth and I headed toward the truck and the other two headed into the motorhome. 

"Tell me what she actually did this morning. I mean everything was quite cryptic on the radio. We got the gist of it but no one could give real descriptions" Beth asked as we approached the truck. She opened the door and we went inside. She led me into the sleeper which was really quite large and very comfortable. I sat on the edge of the bed and she sat on my lap running her hands through my hair. "Tell me all the details. When you hear that stuff on the radio, it gets you really worked up. Because of the laws, they can't get to descriptive so you just let your imagination go. My imagination has been running rampant all morning."

As I begin to relay what had taken place, Beth started nuzzling my neck. Dropping soft, feather kisses, which truly drove me wild. This petite angel, barely 5' tall and just around the 100-lb. mark was incredibly sexy and fit. Her hands caressed my neck and ears as I got more descriptive. She paused, turned my face to hers, opened her mouth and kissed me deeply. She squirmed deeply on my lap and I could feel myself rising in anticipation. She began to undo her blouse while our lips were joined. She wore no bra. Her small, pear shaped breasts were perfect. "Don't stop. Tell me everything" she cried. Beth jumped off my lap, threw her blouse in a cubbyhole and kicked off her sneakers. I'm staring at a perfect specimen of female flesh. Small yet perfectly proportioned with all the parts gracefully arranged. Her hand opens her shorts and they fell to the floor. She stepped out of them and kicked them aside. 

I continue to describe the morning and she leaned back against the wall, running her hands over her breasts, cupping them and moaning softly as I spoke. Her hand slipped into her bikini brief and she yelped as I started describing the toy bag. She pulled her fingers from her panties and leaned over to me. Her glistening fingers were offered to me. I took her hand and opened my mouth and tasted her incredible flavor. My tongue went wild licking that glorious sweetness from her hand. We kiss again deeply as she unbuttoned and removed my shirt. She leans over and removes my boots. Her hands crawl up the legs of my jeans and her tiny hand deftly undoing my belt and the button on my jeans. I am starting to tell her about the convoy. 

Beth pulled me to my feet and my jeans fell to the floor. My hard cock sprang out towards her tiny face. Her hands grasped my hard dick and she looked up and told me to keep telling her everything. With that, she opened her lips and kissed my hot cock. Her mouth was so warm and she was so very good at this. I told her what she did with each different trucker, which toys she used, which orifice she played with. The hotter I talked, the better this woman sucked. 

She stood up, dropped her panties and I saw her perfect triangle encased in baby fine blonde wisps of perfectly manicured pussy hair. Her lips engorged, her clit poking its head up and there was at least a two-inch spread between her legs. Beth pushed me to sit down onto the edge of the bed. I kept telling her in explicit detail as she straddled my lap, her hips raised and the head of my rock hard cock riding along her slippery drenched slit. She positioned herself over my hard pole, threw her arms around my neck and lowered her tight, sweet warmth onto me. The feelings were electric.

The sensual nature of her positioning, the way she held me, the biting on my neck and the rotating of her pelvis on my cock told me just how much she was visualizing what I was telling her. Her breasts crushed against my chest. Her nipples boring holes in my flesh with each explicit detail. Her hips rose and fell quicker. My hands caressing her cheeks as she rose and fell building an increasing rhythm. She kissed me, driving her tongue deep into my mouth as my cock filled her pussy, reaching new depths and she began to cum. My cock pistoned in and out of her tight twat furiously as wave after wave of her love juice flowed into my lap. So tight, so hot and she was cumming so very hard. Our bodies were truly locked as one. Her mouth, that tiny mouth was a kissing machine. She trembled again and again and her hands caressed my head pulling me deeper into her mouth. Her pussy was quivering, it felt so absolutely wonderful to me. 

Beth pushed me down on the bed. My cock slid from her pussy and she lay on my chest with my hardness pressed against her stomach. She regained her composure as my hands caressed her back and neck. "How do you handle all of that Gary?"

"I'm so lucky, I have every mans wet dream and honestly, look where I am right now. I would never have met you. I never would have enjoyed such a graceful, wild tryst with you if it had not been for her antics. I know she's enjoying Tom right now and I know he is having a good time as well but for this moment in history, I am perfectly happy to be exactly where I am right now." With that, I pulled Beth up and kissed her deeply.

Beth's hand grasp my hardness and she winked and said she needed more of that. I told her that I wanted more of her too, so she turned and put her glorious hot slit onto my waiting face. Her scent drove me crazy. The folds of her labia were perfect; the feather soft hair tickled as my mouth tasted her warmth. Her lips fell upon my cock with total abandon as she began to take me fully into her mouth. My tongue gliding along her wetness, parting the folds revealing the pinkness of her desire. The flesh exuding intense warm spasms as my tongue teased along its length. My hands holding her hips, direct her body precisely where I want it. Her body reacting to every move, she moans softly as pleasure passes from lips to clit. 

Beth opened her throat and my throbbing cock had passed into it. Her tongue playing along its length. My mouth softly closes over her hardened clit. My tongue tenderly, gently teasing her. I feel her body tense, her hips begin to tremble. I feel her breathing change its pace. My own orgasm is building. Her mouth is magic. Her hands caress my balls as her throat and tongue milk the seed from my loins. My gentle touch ignites her. Her hips slam down onto my face. She begins grinding hard on my lips. My tongue glides deep inside her and she yelps as she feels my cock explode in unison with her own sweet orgasm. This woman is a bucking bronco, riding and cumming, twisting and moaning, forcing her love mound onto my eager mouth and tongue. Her lips are milking my cock, draining the sweet cum from me, savoring it, lost in the flavor of pure unbridled lust. There is cum everywhere. My face is drenched, as is my hair. She fell off of me, turned and crawled up and nestled her head in my chest. 

"That was truly wonderful. Will we ever see you guys again?" she asked. 

"Do you two ever run to Lauderdale? That is where we live".

Beth burst out laughing. "We live in Pompano. We are home usually every two weeks."

"Then, the answer is YES, " I grinned.

I suggested we go and see how our other halves were doing and Beth nodded, kissed me and jumped into her clothes as did I. She moved that Peterbuilt up and pulled up next to the Pace. We hopped into the motorhome and as we walked in, I heard Tom from the bedroom. "Gary, how the hell do you keep up with this woman?" 

Beth and I walked in and there they lay, smoking a cigarette, both with complete satisfaction written all over their faces. "You have the guts to ask me that question. How did someone as butt ugly as you are ever get a tiger like this one? Damnit man, you've got one hot lady here." Everyone laughed.

"Connie, they live in Pompano." Her eyes lit up and she high-fived me. Tom looked at me and asked where we lived. "Lauderdale" I replied. If I thought that first trucker had a big grin I was wrong. Tom's grin was huge. Beth was so happy. "Next time, lets plan a pool party", I suggested and everyone agreed. 

As they prepared to leave, the girl exchanged numbers. Beth leaned over and kissed Connie and thanked her for the hottest morning she ever had on the road. "I made Gary tell me in explicit detail what you did. I've never cum that hard in my life."

"Gee guys, maybe some time we can take this thing and go away for a few days together." Connie suggested. Everyone agreed instantly. "In the meantime, we'll be on the road for the next week so give us a call anytime."
