 The next morning when I awoke, all I saw was beautiful, naked bodies strewn around in all manners of collapse. I walked outside and Mike was sitting at the picnic table sipping a coffee.

"Coffee's on," Mike said, "Lets go get you one."

"Even though they are all unconscious, they all looked totally delicious, don't they?" I commented.

"Have you noticed how satisfied the guys cocks look? Passed out and laying there naked, their cocks look so wonderful. I swear they are smiling," Mike smirked.

I looked at him and asked, "Do you enjoy cock too Mike?" He looked at me, grinned broadly and nodded affirmatively.

"Damn, I am glad to hear that. My mouth has been watering trying to figure out how I could get my lips around your hot cock myself," I exclaimed.

He told me he figured I did too because no couple could be as hot as we were without me having had a cock or two in my mouth.

I laughed. "Does Tracy know?"

"She loves watching me with a nice one in my mouth, and elsewhere."

I told him Connie simply loves watching me too. She gets so hot, she can cum just watching.

"I wish these guys were, can you imagine the fun we'd have. The girls are all bi and now we've got them turned on to anal and double penetration. Do you think it would freak them out?" I asked.

"Don't know," Mike stated. "Well, we've got some of the guys awake, better go and see who needs coffee."

"No matter what Mike, before you leave, I want some of that cock...okay?"

"I can't wait...and I want yours too."

We opened the door of his coach and yelled to the guys, "Who wants coffee?"

They staggered over and climbed inside. "How is everyone this morning? 

They grinned and said last night was the greatest night of their life. I laughed and said "Oh hell, you ain't seen nothing yet."

"How long have you guys known each other," I asked.

They replied that they have known each other for many, many years.

"I wondered because you didn't seem to be uncomfortable with each others nakedness. When we first met you on the road, you had no qualms getting naked in front of each other."

They told me that they had seen each other naked many times, in gym class and elsewhere. I asked them where elsewhere was.

Bob explained that one of their fathers had a stash of x-rated DVD's and they had been jerking off to them for a few years. They said they were really hot and they loved to get together and jack off together to them.

I asked them, "Have you ever touched each others cocks."

There was a stunned silence and the young guys all turned red. Finally, Phil admitted,"We have jerked each other off."

"Did you enjoy having another guys hand on your cocks?" They all nodded that it was so very hot.

By now, Mike and I noticed that all four had raging hardons.

"Have you taken it any further guys? I mean have any of you tasted each others cum? What about sucking each others cocks?"

They stammered no when Mike inquired why they all had hardons right now? They just looked at us but it seemed they were afraid to say anything.

"Gary, they all have gorgeous, hot hardons right now. I bet they all have wanted to get their cocks sucked by their friends. What do you think?"

"I agree, from the looks of their boxers, I know it."

"Well guys...are we right?"

They look sheepishly at one another but they all nod in agreement.

Get your shorts off guys....Mike and I want to show you something.

They stood and their boxers fall to the floor. Four magnificent rigid cocks sprang out, standing proud and hard. Mike and I got naked and our cocks join in. I look at Mike and he is licking his lips as am I.

I take my hand and grabbed Mike's cock and point at the delicious mound of precum that was leaking from his terrific cock. "Do you see this...it is called precum. Have any of you ever tasted this? It is delicious. Well...have you?"

They all nodded that they have but said they had never tasted anyone elses. 

I asked, "Would you like to taste it now?" They said they did.

I told them we'd would show them and sank to my knees. The tip of my tongue swirled over the tip of Mikes fine cock. 

The sight of this made their cocks harder than ever before. 

They were all leaking huge amounts of precum. Eyes were wide open in amazement as my tongue and lips covered the tip of Mikes hard, hot cock. My hands caressed his swollen ball sac as I gently licked and sucked the sweet precum from his fine cock.

I looked at the guys and they were all stroking their hot cocks. "Fuck, that is so hot!" they exclaimed.

"Try it guys. Lean over and lick the tip of each others cock. Taste their sweet precum, I know you are going to love it."

They look at each other, first Jim then Randy leaned over and Mike and I told them exactly what to do. 

Jim leaned into Phil and Randy bent over to Bob. The sounds of soft moans wafted into the air as they each took turns extracting the sweet clear liquid from the tip of each others cock. 

When the precum was gone, they sat up. They each had a smile on their faces and told us that they each had secretly wanted to try that for a long time.

We told them that was just the beginning. I took Mikes cock again and ran my hands all over it. They watched as my hands caressed his cock. I took his cock and with my index finger, I placed it just under the head and held his cock tight to his stomach, fully exposing the soft, sensitive underside of his hard cock.

I got back down on my knees and licked Mikes balls. My tongue lavished pleasure to him as I lifted his balls and swirled my tongue around and over his tight sack. As I moved up and his rigid shaft met my mouth and tongue, they watched as my tongue flattened and I began long strokes up the underside of his cock bringing him as much pleasure as possible. The guys watched in amazement as Mike's cock responded to my tongue. I took my finger away from the tip and his engorged dick sprang into my waiting face.

The look on the guys faces told me they knew what was coming as I opened my mouth and took Mikes delicious cock into my mouth. Mike began to slowly fuck my hot mouth as my tongue swirled along the sensitive underside. The guys sat there in amazement, stroking each other as they watched me suck Mike deeper and deeper into my mouth.

"This is so fucking amazing!" Jim gasped.

"Watch this," Mike stated as he felt himself hit the back of my throat. The guys saw that about three inches of his cock was still not in my mouth. "My cock is at the back of Gary's mouth. It can't go in any farther, can it?"

I grabbed his ass and relaxed and opened my throat. Mikes cock began to sink fully into my throat.

"Holy Fuck!", they exclaim as my lips are tight into Mikes pubes. "That is the hottest thing I've ever seen!"

"If you think it is hot, you have no idea until it is you doing it to your buddies!", Mike exclaimed. "Cocksucking, like fucking and eating pussy properly, is an art form and I can tell you this, Gary is an artist." 

Mikes cock is still in my mouth as he continues telling the guys how good it is and that if they are going to be really please their women, they need to know how to do this properly because many women really get turned on by it.

I pull Mikes cock from my throat and look at the guys. "Well, what do you think?"

The guys agreed that it was smokin hot. 

I ask them if they want to try it. They are already stroking each other and they laugh, "Hell yes".

"If you do exactly what I did to Mike, to your buddies and they do it to you that way, you will all thoroughly learn to love the taste and texture of any hot cock." I told them. "Now, just like you did with the precum, give it a try."

Phil and Randy slid off the sofa and onto their knees. Mike and I gave them pointers as they experienced their first male to male blowjob. Bob and Jim were the first to receive the oral ministrations and they closed their eyes and lay back and enjoyed. Phil and Randy were good students and it seemed to be totally turning them on from the way their cocks were swelling up.

There was some gagging but they learned how to avoid that pretty rapidly. We watched as they licked and sucked the cocks before them. We told them to touch their balls gently while you suck them. 

"Do to them exactly what you enjoy yourself. Make them feel good just like you want to feel. It is your first time so don't worry if you make a mistake. That happens at first but it's okay." Mike told them.

"Don't make them cum yet." I said. "You'll have plenty of time later today to taste lots of sweet cream. Now switch places."

The guys changed places and we gave the other guys the same pointers as they eagerly sucked their friends. They were good students and the new ones were just as eager as the first two. Their enthusiastic mouths were working nicely on their friends tall firm cocks. There were lots of moans and groans as it was obvious that they were all enjoying each other tremendously.

I looked across to my coach and saw Connie and the girls coming towards us. As she approached, she saw me and I put two fingers to my lips to tell her to be quiet but to come in. Connie stopped and told the girls to be very quiet and Tracy quietly opened the coach door and they silently walked in and saw what was going on.

Connie and Tracy smiled broadly and the girls stood there, first in shock and disbelief, then amazement and finally, grinning broadly.

Maria was the first to speak and what she said was memorable. "Without a doubt, this is simply the fucking hottest thing I've ever seen in my life. Don't stop guys, suck those cocks. My pussy is gushing. Oh yes, swallow those beautiful cocks. Fuck, look at my nipples they are hard as a rock. I am fucking love this!"

The guys stopped what they were doing, embarrassed, as hell, but at her words and the enthusiastic response from the others, the guys heads went back to the cocks before them.

I looked at the girls and explained that it was only fair as the girls could do all of us but the guys were limited to just the girls. 

They all nodded in agreement, never a one taking their eyes off the hot cocks sliding in and out of the boys eager lips. In a heartbeat, all bathing suits were gone and the girls were face first into sweet pussy and ass. 

The boys continued changing places, sucking, licking and tasting sweet cock while the girls licked each others twats with a renewed gusto.

Connie came over to me and Tracy to Mike. They were grinning like Cheshire cats. "I can't believe this but holy fuck, I'm so fucking horny now baby. Thank you!", she gushed as she planted a wet one on my lips. What else have you taught them?"

"This is it...so far." I whispered. "The day is young yet and they are eager so I'm sure they will learn more before this day is out."

"So how did this start?" Tracy asked.

"Gary started asking them some questions and based on their answers he showed them some things on me. They got so turned on that they wanted to try it themselves." Mike replied. "Oh God, he is a fantastic cocksucker Tracy...Oh Fuck, he is good, I can't wait to really get it on with him."

Tracy smiled warmly, leaned over to me, pressed her body tightly against mine and sank her tongue deep into my throat. This gorgeous creature was all over me as she looked up and into my eyes. "I didn't think it could happen but today promises to be better than before."

"Fellas, I want to show you something." I said as I grabbed two of the women and took them over to the guys on the sofa. The two with cocks in their mouths stood up and left two very, very hard men sitting there.

I grabbed Maria and Paula and took them to Jim and Phil who were seated and spun them around facing backwards towards the guys. "Sit on their cocks girls." They sank their tight twats onto the rigid men and slid down. I told the Bob and Jim to get down and lick the cocks and clits as the men fuck the girls. The guys, now eager for cock, dove in and gently started licking the hot, protruding clits and hard cocks as they sank deep inside the girls.

The women had never experienced a cock inside them and lips on their clits simultaneously. They screamed in ecstacy. The guys dove in enthusiastically. Tammy and Jill began to frantically suck Bob and Jim and everyone was in heaven.

I looked over and Mike's fingers were in Connie's dripping pussy as were mine in Tracy. We watched silently as they explored, tasted and moved on to new heights. They changed places repeatedly until everyone had experienced each amazing position. As instructed, the boys had not cum yet. A good thing because this was going to be a long day.

When everyone had tried every position, Connie announced that she needed breakfast. She opened the door and walked bare assed over to our coach with Tracy in tow. The girls looked shocked until Mike said, "It is a Monday morning, the park is empty and if anyone sees us...fuck em. Literally and figuratively." 

I laughed and headed out the door, my hardon taking the lead.

The girls laughed and headed over to help make breakfast.

Mike and I made fresh coffee and headed out to the picnic table with the guys. The cool morning air felt good on our naked bodies. "Well guys, how do you feel?", I asked.

They each said they felt strange and different but they really liked the feeling but that they were not as good at it as I was. I told them that would come. They asked how I took all of Mike that deep into my throat.

"When his cock hit the back of my mouth, I took a breath, totally relaxed and opened my throat so he could sink his cock down my throat. When you try it, you will gag but if you really relax and keep trying, you get the hang of it. Practice and you will get good. Think of it this way, you are just turning your throat into a vagina. 

"When you are home, you will have all the time in the world to practice on each other but, in the meantime, just enjoy each other." 

Mike and I explained that we had more yet to teach the guys.

"The girls sure enjoyed what you were doing", Mike exclaimed.

They nodded in agreement.

Inside my coach, the conversation was so hot. The girls were oozing as they talked about how hot it was just watching the boys suck cock. Maria said she damned near came right on the spot. Tracy said she always loved watching Mike with a cock in his mouth or up his ass.

"Up his ass...Oh wow, that is so hot. Does Gary like being fucked too?", Maria asked.

Connie explained that I love men and women equally. "He adores a hot cock in his ass and his mouth and when he gets started, he can't stop. 

"When it happens, I can't stop cumming. The sight of a man impaled on a cock on either or preferably both ends drives me simply wild." 

Tracy agreed and said Mike is the same way.

"How do we get these guys to enjoy it in the ass, Maria asked?

Tracy smiled and said, "When you are sucking them, lube up your fingers and start finger fucking their ass. Get them used to one finger and then two and then three and they will beg for more." 

Connie laughed and stated that she is betting that Mike and Gary are telling the boys about that right now. She laughed loudly and Tracy took that bet.

Outside, Mike was telling them that there is no feeling in the world like having a cock in your throat and one in your ass. The guys eyes widened and said they had only seen that kind of thing at the porno theater. 

"Does it hurt in your ass?" Phil asked.

"Initially yes but if the girls know what to do, they will loosen up your ass for you. To be honest, when a cock hits your sphincter the first few times, it is going to hurt like hell no matter what. The pain will be extreme the first time but it only lasts a few minutes however, if you want to try it, here is a little secret for you. When you feel a cock hit your sphincter, bear down on it like you are going to the bathroom. It will open your ass and the cock will slide in. Once it is in, you stop fucking and let it rest and get accustomed to having a cock in there. After about a minute, your body will relax and you will be able to slowly start fucking it."

I told them, "If you are the one doing the fucking, it will be the tightest and hottest fuck you ever had. If you are the one being fucked it will give you a totally different type of orgasm. It will be an entire body orgasm and it will blow your mind."

"After you are finished fucking a guys ass, make sure that you suck their cock and let them powerfully cum in your mouth, unless they have already cum from someone else sucking them while they are being fucked," Mike explained. "After I am fucked, I cum like a freaking racehorse."

"Plus, if you want to try it, I have something to really make it special. Ahhh breakfast is served".

The air is warm, the bounty of nakedness and the underlying lust is inspiring. We laughed and commented on what happened earlier. The girls reiterated that they were so turned on and the guys said that their lust level had notched up so far it wasn't funny. They agreed and each expressed their feelings and the consensus was that they all thought that stuff like this only happened in movie theaters and that they would never experience it themselves.

"I feel so free now." Paula exclaimed. "I have always been proud of my body and now, I am not ashamed of my feelings. From the time I discovered boys, I have had fantasies but I never acted on them. As I got older, the girls and I experimented and we loved it but even though I have always craved this, I never had the guts to act on it until now. For years, my pussy ached for the thrill of what I've experienced here with you guys. You have no idea how much I love you."

Maria and the rest agreed.

"Mike and Gary have taught us some new things and from what I now know, there are a few things yet to learn," Phil giggled. "And I for one, am anxious to learn.

The other guys nodded in agreement and Connie looked at me questioningly.

I unobtrusively held up one, then two and then three fingers. She smiled and so did the other girls. They had seen what I had done. I didn't know what the girls had talked about inside or if they would even have a clue.

Leave it to our sweet Maria to burst out and say, "Oh WOW, you're going to try anal too. You'll love it, I adore it. Don't worry guys, we'll help you. We know what to do to make you feel so good."

The guys froze dead in their tracks. Their eyes wide. "It wouldn't bother you if we did it?" Bob inquired.

"Bob, when we walked in on you guys earlier, seeing you sucking a gorgeous beautiful cock got me so wet I came right there and then. The very thought of me being able to lower my steaming hot pussy onto your wonderful mouth, lean over and suck your hot cock while watching another cock drive deep inside you had me cccummiing again!" Tammy stuttered as she had a climax right then and there. 

"Personally, if what I think is going to happen, happens, I want all of you to be familiar with anything and everything erotic. Look, speaking only for myself but women can search ten lifetimes and never find such wonderful guys like you. I'm not about to let any of you go!", Jill gushed breathlessly.

There was a chorus of agreement amongst the women and the guys just smiled happily.

After coffee and fresh rolls, we headed to the pool for a refreshing dip. Of course, we all wore our suits on the way to the pool. As we got there, the park manager rolled up on his golf cart and motioned Mike and I over to him at the gate. We greeted him warmly and he returned the greeting. 

"I noticed you having breakfast in the nude this morning and that you don't have any worries as the park is indeed empty. If anyone does come in, we'll put them on the exact other side of the park. I couldn't help but notice that the women were, indeed, some of the sexiest I have ever seen. We envy you." 
