 Writer's Note: This is a story for adults over eighteen years of age about adults over eighteen years of age. While the story line is true the dialog has been compressed for the sake of time and space. Safe sex was not an issue in the early seventies but should be a concern for everyone today. 

*****

As my former mother-in-law, Marie and I got ready to leave my house on Saturday morning I could not help but notice the change she had gone through over the past year; a year earlier she would have looked like June Clever dressed for an afternoon with her bridge club. She would have worn a dress with the hem well below her knees and the top would not have given a hint of the full, firm melons beneath; she would have worn a light sweater over her shoulders, white gloves, a single strand of pearls, and a Jackie Kennedy pill box hat. Her under garments would have been a full girdle to firm her mature, round hips and bottom and to support her light, flesh colored stockings; she would have worn white or light pink cotton, full cut panties, her bra would have been a sturdy, white support bra large enough to fully enclose each breast and thick enough to keep her nipples form giving away their status.

Now she was wearing a close fitting dress that flowed over her mature curves like water over a brook; the hem was more than a few inches above her knees. Her dress buttoned up the front and the top button was low enough to show more than just a hint of her cleavage. I had watched my mother-in-law as she dressed that morning; she stretched on a new pair of black, nylon stockings with an ivy pattern up the side of her long, shapely legs then attached them to a lacey, black garter belt. She stepped into a pair of black lace, French cut panties and pulled them up her long legs to her waist; from the front the lacey edges followed the juncture of her legs and torso high on her hips then angled downward in the back to cover the inside third of each firm, round cheek. She stored her full, round, "C" cup melons in a lacy, black bra sheer enough to display her large pink areola; she looked more like a cougar on the prowl than a June Clever.

I thought of Marie as my mother-in-law even though she is legally my former mother-in-law; I often forgot to mention that fact. But whether she was dressed as June Clever, my mother-in-law, or my mother-in-law the cougar, she was one hot, mature woman. 

As we drove the thirty some miles to Tampa to meet her friend, Ronnie, my right hand moved over her stocking encased thigh; she shifted in her seat to allow her legs to open slightly in case my hand wanted to move higher on her thigh.

"Have you thought about what might happen between you and Ronnie?"

She chuckled, "I've thought of little else."

"What would you like to happen?"

"I really would like for it to be like our first time together with Marlene; lots of touching, kissing, and exploring. I'm not sure what else I might try."

"I don't think she expects anything of you; I do know she would like for you to be the first woman she goes down on. I've told her how beautiful and how delicious you are and I mentioned that you have lots of thick, natural pubic hair."

Marie chuckled, "You didn't leave me with very much with which to surprise her."

"Do you think you could touch her pussy; open her lips and feel her wetness?"

"Yes, of course I could; I do have one those myself you know." She laughed.

"Well I should also warn you that even if she tries to be sensitive to your dislike of vulgarity when she is aroused she cusses like a sailor and she likes her lovers to talk dirty to her." I paused then added, "Just like your daughter does." I smiled at her.

"I wish I could have seen you get her that aroused. I want to watch you really ... ah ... get it on with her."

"Don't you really mean you want to watch me fuck her?"

She nodded her head shyly.

"Then tell me you want to watch me fuck Ronnie." I told her as my hand moved further up her thigh.

She moved her hand up my arm, paused, and cleared her throat, "I want to watch you fuck Ronnie."

She smiled at me as though she was proud of her accomplishment although her voice crackled a bit when she pronounced "fuck".

Ronnie came to the door as soon as we pulled into the driveway. She was wearing a pink, light, cotton dress shorter than Marie's; the top plunged between her breasts showing the sides of her grapefruit sized, tan orbs. She was practically beaming with excitement and energy. She took both of our hands and guided us into the kitchen/den area where she had food and drinks waiting.

After some small talk, a light lunch, and a few drinks Ronnie complimented Marie on how beautiful she looked then reached up and gave her a long kiss. Marie was not at all surprised and wrapped her arms around Ronnie and kissed her back; their hands glided over each other's bodies. I stood and took it all in; it was a beautiful sight.

"Wow!" Marie sighed with a smile. "That was wonderful."

"I have been looking forward to that ever since you left here the last time."

Marie hugged her.

During lunch Ronnie said she wanted us to go out on the town that night and do something naughty, something totally out of character.

I looked at Ronnie, "Speaking of naughty Marie told me something on the way over she wants to do today."

I looked at Marie and asked, "Do you want me to tell her or do you want to tell her? I know she would prefer it if it came from you."

I had clearly put Marie on the spot but she handled it like a champ.

Marie looked directly at Ronnie and announced, "I want to watch Will fuck you."

Ronnie laughed at Marie's brashness and use of a vulgar word, "Darling, I want you to watch Will fuck me too; I want you to be right there with me when he does."

Ronnie and I began unbuttoning the front of Marie's dress. In no time Ronnie was able to enjoy, for the very first time, the sight I had enjoyed many times before; Marie stood before us wearing a sheer black bra that allowed her rose pink nipples to show through the thin fabric. Her black French cut panties emphasized her hips and firm ass while displaying copious amounts of dark pubic hair around her crotch area. Her long shapely legs were encased in black stockings supported by a black lace garter belt; she stood tall in black spike heels.

Ronnie walked completely around Marie to take in the awesome sight. She stopped to hold the very ample tits in her hands so she could stoop to kiss the rose pink nipples through the sheer fabric. 

As she reached around Marie to unfasten her bra I slid the zipper of Ronnie's dress down; as soon as she stepped out of her dress she filled her hands with Marie's bare, "C" cup breasts, her lips immediately went to the half dollar sized pink areola and hardened, stubby nipples.

Both women stood in only high heels, stockings, garter belts and panties; their bare tits melted together like honey on a hot biscuit, their lips followed suit. Their hands moved over each other's backs, hips, and asses. Ronnie slipped a hand in the back of Marie's panties and ran her fingers deep into the crevasse separating her firm, round cheeks. 

After a few minutes Ronnie stepped back and again lowered her face to Marie's nipples; the sound of heavy breathing and soft moans emanated from both women. Ronnie moved her hand from Marie's firm, round ass and quickly slipped it into the front of Marie's panties. There was no doubt that one or two of Ronnie's middle fingers had disappeared into Marie's hot, slick tunnel; only the outside fingers were visible against the dark patch of thick pubic hair on either side of the narrow crotch of her French panties.

Marie was moaning and gasping for breath as Ronnie began to finger fuck her juicy cunt in earnest; with each thrust of her fingers the ball of Ronnie's hand smacked against Marie's clit. I moved close behind my mother-in-law to help support her body as she was swept away; her head lay backwards on my shoulder, her eyes closed. Ronnie's fingers produced squishing sounds as they worked in and out of the pink, creamy tunnel. Ronnie's mouth worked on Marie's nipples causing her hips to buck against the invasion of her cunt.

Ronnie guided Marie to one of the stools near the counter; she knelt in front of Marie then promptly lifted her legs up, pushed the crotch of her panties to the side, and lowered her face into the thick patch of pubic hair. Ronnie's tongue opened the pink labia glistening with creamy liquid. She kissed Marie's pussy from thigh to thigh and from top to bottom before setting her sights, and tongue, on the long sheath which held the key to pleasing my mother-in-law. It was hard to believe that this was Ronnie's very first time in the saddle; she was certainly a natural at it.

Marie reached down and entangled her fingers in Ronnie's blonde curls and pulled her face into her beautiful treasure almost hidden in the thick patch of pubic hair. As Ronnie's lips and tongue began to search for the little white pearl, Marie's hips continued to grind into the pretty face buried between her milky white thighs. 

I decided that I could watch all the action just as well with my engorged cock in my mother-in-law's warm mouth as I could just standing around with my cock in my hand. Marie may not have had experience with a lot of cocks but she had spent almost thirty years perfecting her talent on the few cocks that she had experienced; namely, her husband, her son-in-law (me), her insurance salesman, her cabinet maker from Alaska, and her first threesome partner, Paul.

As Marie's moans became loud grunts and her body began to experience spasms I decided that maybe her mouth was not the safest place for my cock. I was also concerned that she would smother Ronnie with her pussy but she quickly let go of Ronnie's blonde curls and pulled her into her arms and kissed her lips still glistening with her own pussy juices.

After several minutes of kissing Marie spoke up, "Why don't you take us to bed where I can watch Will fuck you?"

"Okay but first let me take care of something." Ronnie said as she reached into a kitchen drawer and took out a plastic tie wrap.

Marie watched in amazement as Ronnie wrapped it around my cock and twisted it tightly around its base.

"There that should keep it hard for the afternoon." She smiled and winked at Marie.

Marie adjusted her panties from between her legs and the cheeks of her ass as we moved toward the large mirrored bedroom where I had accidently found Ronnie's personal vibrator a week earlier.

Marie complained, "The crotch of my panties is soaking wet."

"Then let me help you Darlin." Ronnie smiled as she slid the thin lacy fabric over her hips and down her shapely legs.

Marie watched herself in the mirrors as her friend peeled off the thin, black fabric which had done little more than decorate the delicate treasure nestled in the thick patch of pubic hair. She smiled to herself as her hands cupped her bare breasts and lifted them gently. I wondered if she really knew what a beautiful sight she made.

Once Marie stepped out of her panties Ronnie lifted them to her nose and inhaled their wet, rich aroma before tossing them to me; I inhaled their aroma then wrapped them around my engorged cock and slowly stroked it for the girls. Marie and I both slid Ronnie's white, bikini panties off then took turns enjoying their aroma. Like Marie she seemed very pleased with the image she reflected in the mirrors as Marie and I kissed her lithe body.

Once on the large bed Ronnie stretched out on her back then invited Marie to join her for a ring side seat to her fucking. Marie straddled Ronnie's chest with her sweet ass practically in Ronnie's face; Ronnie adjusted her pillow to give her easier access and view of Marie's treats. I moved between Ronnie's legs, lifted her hips on to my thighs, and rested my cock on top of her pubic mound; Marie smiled at me as I took my cock in hand and slid the head through the wet furrow between the puffy lips of Ronnie's vulva.

Marie leaned forward and opened the lips of Ronnie's vulva with her hands, 

"How pretty." She commented admiring the sparse, dark pubic hair that lightly adorned the puffy outer lips and drew attention to the barely exposed pink labia glistening with droplets of sweet nectar like dew on a morning glory. 

I continued to slowly slide the shinny purple head of my turgid cock through the glistening pink membranes and over the small sheath of her clit; what a beautiful sight to share with my mother-in-law. We had shared a similar experience when she had guided my cock into her daughter's beautiful cunt and now we enjoyed the experience with a non-family member.

Marie lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth to taste Ronnie's sweet nectar; she looked up at me and smiled. I watched Ronnie in one of the mirrors as her hands opened Marie's cheeks exposing my mother-in-law's complete undercarriage. Marie took control of my engorged cock and used it to assault her friend's cunt while I lifted Ronnie's feet to my mouth; Ronnie giggled and squirmed as I sucked and licked her toes and kissed her instep. 

Between tasting Ronnie's sweet juices on my cock and using it to smack Ronnie's splayed pussy I continued to watch Ronnie in the mirror as she explored Marie's treasure trove of delights. 

Finally Marie guided my cock to the entrance of Ronnie's delicate, pink tunnel; with a gentle push the engorged purple head of my cock disappeared from view.

Marie smiled, "Push it all the way in."

Following my mother-in-law's command I impaled her friend completely then added a grinding motion of my pelvis against her pubic mound. A moan escaped Ronnie's lips as I repeated the same motion several times before pulling almost out to display my glistening shaft for my mother-in-law's eyes to admire. She smiled at me as I began a steady stream of long thrusts into Ronnie's loins producing a smacking sound; Ronnie added her moans and sighs into the mix. Marie helped her friend by using her fingers to twiddle her clit as I continued assaulting the hot juicy cunt. Twiddle is the term I used to describe the quick movement of a finger(s), or cock, across the clitoris almost batting it back and forth.

Ronnie no longer paid attention to my mother-in-law's beautiful ass and cunt; her hands smacked Marie's firm ass as her arms frayed about, her head shook from side to side, her moans and sighs became primal grunts and screams. I continued my pounding as I felt the stirring building in my balls; I was counting on the tie wrap holding back the flood.

The tie wrap held but it did not stop the explosion in my balls; I cried out partly from pleasure and partly from pain. Ronnie screamed and went rigid for several minutes before collapsing like a rag doll. Marie moved off of her friend's spent body and cuddled her in her arms.

My cock was still erect but completely numb. It was several minutes before I could move from between Ronnie's splayed legs. I felt the cool air of the room as I pulled my cock out of the hot, wet cocoon; a few drops of fluid oozed from its tip.

For a while the only sound in the room was our breathing but after several minutes even that returned to normal and there was silence. In time Marie slid down Ronnie's body and took my place between Ronnie's still open legs. Her hands and fingers had already touched the delicate pink membranes of Ronnie's cunt; she inhaled the heady aroma of her aroused friend, and tasted her creamy nectar that glistened moments before on my cock. Now the question was, was she ready to experience the same with her lips and tongue? Was my once stanch Catholic, faithful housewife, and mother-in-law ready to taste another woman for the first time?

Marie examined Ronnie's open cunt with her eyes for a moment then leaned forward and gently kissed the red, swollen lips along both sides of the pink inner lips glistening with creamy liquid. I moved closer to watch as my mother-in-law's tongue darted about the delicate pink lips and small button that brought her friend so much pleasure.

There was no passion, no urgency, no burning desire only deliberate and tender admiration for her friend's secret treasures; Marie's tongue lapped softly at the juicy, pink membranes from the entrance at the bottom of Ronnie's slit to the small sheath at the top. Her lips kissed both sides of the glistening pink inner lips. Ronnie purred like a kitten at Marie's affection for her delicate feminine parts. 

After a short rest we returned to the kitchen for refreshments. Our energy level had been restored and we were all in a renewed stage of sexual arousal. 

In less than a few hours both women had had their first oral experience with another woman. In less than a few hours both women had gone from uncertainty about performing orally with another woman to actually performing orally with another woman and loving the experience. 

As we enjoyed a shrimp cocktail snack and a few Margaritas Ronnie and Marie talked about their bi-sexual daughters and whether they would ever experience oral sex with them; both admitted they had reservations about it but neither ruled out the possibility of trying it. Then the topic of conversation changed to what we could do that evening that would be very naughty and out of character.

I told them about taking Marlene to an adult theater for her birthday when we were married. (See: Her Birthday Surprise) Their eyes and smiles widened as I told them about Marlene, my ex-wife and Marie's daughter, sitting between me and a stranger and letting us play with her pussy while she jacked us off and allowed a stranger behind her to play with her tits. They quickly decided that was the naughty thing they wanted to do that evening. 

By the time I finished telling them about the adult theater experience both women were noticeably aroused judging by the distension of their nipples. I picked up a shrimp and dipped it into the cocktail sauce then rubbed it over Ronnie's nipples; Marie and I licked them clean then repeated the process several more times as Ronnie squirmed on her stool.

"Hey, it's about my turn to have a snack isn't it?" Ronnie asked.

I went to the refrigerator and took out a carton of fresh strawberries I had seen earlier; I bit one berry in half and handed it to Ronnie.

"Try this for desert."

She smiled at me then began rubbing the half eaten berry over Marie's nipples then licking the sweet juices off. Marie's body shivered as the cool juice of the strawberry then Ronnie's warm tongue caused goose bumps over her arms and chest.

"If a little strawberry caused all of that by just rubbing it on her nipples I wonder what would happen if you rubbed it over her clit?" I asked.

Ronnie's eyes and smile widened then she moved between Marie's legs to find out the results. By that time it was difficult to tell what produced the most juice, the strawberry or Marie's aroused pussy. Ronnie didn't seem to care as her tongue tried to keep both from dripping on the stool. 

Several more strawberries were needed when I decided that Marie's nipples should not have to go unattended. In just a few minutes Marie was completely caught up in the throes of a major orgasm as Ronnie put aside the strawberries and began a second oral attack of Marie's delicious pussy.

Two of Ronnie's fingers were missing from sight and could only be hidden deep in Marie's ass since Ronnie's thumb was swirling around in Marie's juicy cunt and her clit was sucked into Ronnie's lips. I pushed Marie's full, round breasts together and sucked both rose pink nipples into my mouth; my teeth nipped at the hard nubbins. Marie screamed and went limp; her hands pushed Ronnie's head from between her legs then pulled her up into her arms for a kiss. 

Marlene and I had often enjoyed food sex when our cooking in the kitchen turned into sexual play while waiting for a pot of water to boil or bread to bake. Ronnie and Marie quickly caught onto how much fun could be had in the kitchen. Marie took a banana from the fruit bowl on the table and began to tease Ronnie with it. 
