 I heard the shower as I pulled back onto the highway. I cranked the stereo up and listened to some good country as we headed toward Nashville. The guys passed me, honking all the way by. Connie got out of the shower, walked up beside me and kissed my neck. "You're so good to me baby. Just wait until tonight, your turn is coming. Remember the last time we were here?" she grinned.

We pulled into the park and had a light dinner. There was plenty of time to relax before we hit the bar. We decided we'd go for a walk around the park. The weather was perfect, the air sweet and clean. The park was not too busy yet. We wandered around and looked at the other coaches. There were some really nice rigs in there. We chatted briefly with a nice couple from Louisville and continued on our way. We headed back to our coach and Connie went in and made a pitcher of her "Killer Margaritas". We sat outside and just relaxed. The sun was setting and the sky was spectacular. We looked down the road and the couple we had talked to was out for a stroll. Connie waved to them and they came over. She offered them a drink and they sat down. 

We introduced ourselves and learned that they were Mike and Tracy. They were about our age. She was about 5'5" and maybe 115 lbs. Her shiny, long brunette hair and cute bangs framed the sexiest brown eyes you ever saw. She carried herself with grace but the hint of raw sensuality lay just beneath her slender facade. Mike was about 5'11" 190 lbs. dark brown hair. He kinda looked a bit like Clint Black with those chiseled features women adore. They came down to go dancing and have fun as well. We asked them where they were going to dance and it turned out we were headed to the same place. We told them we had helped some young guys earlier who had run out of gas. "Mike, these guys were pretty cool. Apparently, they are going to meet these really hot chicks and we just have to see what they look like." I said. 

"Sounds like a plan to me. It should be fun." Mike agreed.

"They told us the girls loved to dress up country and that they really kicked it on the dance floor. The guys said that they knew a little country dancing so this should be fun. I definitely know Connie wants to check them out." 

"Damned straight I do." She turned to Tracy and said, "between nineteen and twenty-one and they are gorgeous. I can't wait to see their cute butts in those tight jeans." 

Tracy giggled and whispered she would have to be a judge too. "Don't tell Mike but I love looking at all those great tight butts myself."

"Damn Mike, looks like we have similar problems. You just have to love it though."

"I'm telling you, it drives me wild when Tracy gets decked out for a night in a country bar. The outfits she buys are downright lethal. I just wish she'd dress like that for me everyday."

"I hear that. Connie does the same thing and boing." I laughed as I made a fist and bent my arm. "I never get a preview either. I know she buys them for total effect so I won't ask how much they cost. Frankly, I'm pretty sure I don't want to know." Everyone chuckled. 

Tracy looked at Connie and said she hoped they weren't going to be wearing the same thing. Connie took Tracy inside and showed her what she was wearing. Tracy told her what she was wearing and they were roaring as they came outside. "It's going to be one of those nights Mike. YeeHaw. Wait till you see what Connie's wearing."

"Hey gorgeous, I can't wait to see what you'll be wearing. I'm sure you'll look absolutely delicious, " I said to Tracy. "Why don't you two ride with us. No sense taking two rigs down there since you're already hooked up and I'm not. It'll be easier and we can start the party sooner"

Everyone agreed and they left to go get changed. After a shower and shave, I was ready for a night of good music and dancing. Connie had laid out my clothes and I got dressed quickly while she did her hair and makeup. 

She walked into the bedroom and closed the door. I sat in the tub chair waiting. The door opened and out she walked. She looked so hot. She wore a tight, white, short leather fringed skirt which flared nicely, waist length, country style, white leather top with fringe which showed some of her lovely cleavage, white boots and a white cowboy hat. She looked like she belonged on stage at the Ryman Auditorium. 

"Whoa mama, you look wonderful." I said as I pulled on my boots. I started up and headed over to pick up Mike and Tracy.

Mike was standing outside their coach as I pulled up. The door opened and Tracy stepped out. I hit the airhorns when I saw her and Connie just giggled. "Baby, it's got all the makings of a great night." 

Tracy was a knockout in pewter trimmed gray suede. From head to toe, she was a walking wet dream. She wore a western vest over a silky multi-shaded western shirt, which she buttoned perfectly to highlight her exquisite curves. Her skirt hugged her hips and emphasized her shapely legs. From her silver and pewter hatband to gray suede boots, she oozed total sensuality. 

They came on board and I heard Mike laugh when he saw Connie. "Damn, you two are going to break a lot of hearts tonight."

The bar was happening when we walked in. People were drinking, laughing and dancing. The space was huge; three separate bars surrounded the dance floor, which was perfectly laid out, with a two-step oval surrounding the line dance floor. Two stages adjoined the dance area. It was non-stop motion and hot country music. Mike and I ordered the drinks and turned and saw the girls were already on the dance floor.

"I'd say we're two lucky guys. Look at them move. You'd swear they had been dancing together for years. They even have the same moves." Mike said.

"They sure look hot don't they? If Tracy has all the moves, which I certainly don't doubt for a minute, that Connie has, then yep, we're definitely very lucky, " I smirked. I raised my bottle to his and we both grinned. The girls were back and we handed them their drinks. Next thing, we were on the dance floor. We line danced to a few tunes when the band broke into a great two-step and we headed for the oval. We could see that Mike and Tracy had some real interesting moves and we showed them some of our own. 

The song finished but we stayed on the dance floor. The band broke into a ballad and Connie grabbed Mike and I started dancing with Tracy. We watched as they danced and Tracy said that this should be good. I asked her why and she said that Mike liked to slow dance real close. I looked into those beautiful eyes of hers and told her that he wasn't going to be disappointed. We looked back at them and we both laughed. Atoms were all that was separating them. 

I pulled her close and we started to dance. She moved into my body, moulding her lithe body to mine. Our legs wrapping each other, hips pressed tight and we moved as one around the dance floor. "Mike was absolutely right. You two dance exactly the same way. I love it, " I told her. "You're like dancing with liquid."

"Hey cowboy, it helps to have a partner who dances as well as you do too." The band finished and immediately went into a three-step and we took off. If I thought she was good before, I was about to get a lesson. We saw Connie and Mike and they looked good together as well. 

When the song was over, we were parched. The bartender came over and put four drinks down in front of us. "Compliments of the group at the end of the bar." There they were. 

We headed down to say hello. We introduced Mike and Tracy and the guys introduced their ladies. The first thing we noticed was that the girls seemed to be a little bit older than the guys were. I looked at Connie and saw the faintest hint of a smile on her face. She noticed the difference as well. 

"Ladies, it is a real pleasure to meet you. This afternoon all these guys could talk about was how beautiful and sexy you all were. I can see they didn't exaggerate a bit, " The girls grinned and blushed while the guys stood there with huge knowing smiles on their faces. Mike looked everyone over and said it was time to dance. We headed to the dance floor and started dancing. We did a few line dances and the boys surprised us, as they were really pretty good dancers. Thirst demanded refreshment. 

Tracy and Connie excused themselves and headed to the little girl's room. On the way back to the group Tracy said "Damn girl, those boys are hot. I would have had a hard time keeping my hands off them." 

"Who said I did?" Connie winked as they returned.

We headed back to dance. Mike grabbed one of the girls and I grabbed another. The oldest guy danced with Tracy and the youngest one with Connie. Everyone was having a great time. After several songs everyone had danced with everyone and it was a great time. Drink time again and Tracy and Connie disappeared. They walked into the ladies room and Tracy turned to Connie and asked her what she meant with her comment. Connie blushed and since the washroom was empty, she told Tracy what happened. She told her how the boys were saying how hot the girls were and that I had started teasing them and then all hell let loose. Connie watched for Tracy's reaction and it certainly wasn't long in coming. 

"Fuck me, Oh God I wish we had been there with you. They sure are hot." 

"You better believe they're hot. They were afraid of not being good enough to really please these gals if they got them into bed but I can tell you this, they not only know what to do now but they do it really, really well." Connie told her as they left the washroom. A moment later a toilet flushed.

"Mike would have loved to watch us do them too. Oh Gawd girl, the thought just gets me so horny."

They came back and grabbed us and off to the dance floor for a nice slow song. Connie whispered that she had told Tracy and it looked like we were going to party with them later. "Did you just slip a flashlight into your jeans cowboy?" I laughed and so did she. 

The night was wrapping up at the bar. We were talking to the guys as the girls had gone to freshen up. They returned and we walked out together. One of the girls asked if they could see the motorhome that was so neat. We took them over and everyone climbed onboard. 

The girls were sitting on their boys' laps. The girls started laughing and looking at each other when one of them asked Connie if she was a teacher. She told her no. "Why would you think that?"

"Well uh, we were all wondering because, uh hmmm, oh hell, there is no other way to say this other than...I was in the last stall in the bathroom when you told Tracy about this afternoon." she blurted. "Did they really learn their lessons well?" 

Connie looked at me. I looked at her. I looked at Tracy and saw her smiling. You could have heard a mouse fart. Not one of those guys dared take a breath. Mike didn't have a clue what was going on but this had his total attention. Connie took off her hat and stowed it. I could sense what was coming but I didn't say a word. Connie looked her right in the eye and smiled. "You girls had better believe they learned their lessons well. So, I'd suggest that either you fuck the living daylights out of them right here, right now or Tracy and I sure as hell will.

Tracy is whispering in Mike's ear and he is grinning like a bandit. The girls look at each other; nod and begin attacking their guys. Finally breathing again, the boys react instantly. 

I hit a couple of switches and the stabilizers dropped to steady the coach and drop the curtains. Mike and Tracy, who had been seated at the dinette, stood up and Mike started to convert the table into a bed. Connie started running her hands up the back of Mike's legs. She grabbed him and led him into the bedroom. 

"You remember where the switch is don't you?" They nodded. 

I walked up and took Tracy in my arms and kissed her deeply. Her lips were like honey. Our tongues collided as we fought to get out of our clothes as we fumbled our way into the bedroom. Mike had Connie's blouse opened and his hands and lips were buried in her beautiful chest. Her head was thrown back as her nails dug into Mike's back. 

Tracy's soft floral perfume combined with fast rising pheromones drove me wild. Her hungry mouth attacked mine as we shed the rest of our clothes. We stood at the end of the bed, looked back out into the coach and all we could see were bodies and clothes strewn everywhere. I pushed Tracy down on the bed and climbed in with her. She wore her sexuality like a silk glove; her body trembled with each gentle touch, quivering with every tender flick of my tongue. She kicked herself up on the bed as Connie threw herself onto the bed next to her. Tracy pulled her legs up and spread them widely.

"Come on cowboy, lick this cowgirls pussy." I didn't need a second invitation. Her shaved lips were topped with a perfect soft triangle of dark hair. My face caressed her thighs as my tongue delved deep into her sweet pussy. I felt her hands grab my head and she pulled me hard into her wetness. "Lick me...oh baby that's it, lick this hot wet pussy baby...don't stop...Oh yessss that's it...drive your tongue inside me...fuck my hot tight pussy with your tongue." 

The cacophony of demands continued from both sides of the bed. Connie had her hands clasped tight to Mike's head as he savored the tender twat that mercilessly crashed against his cheeks. You would swear they were twins in every aspect, sexually demanding yet totally giving. Tracy turned her head to Connie and their lips met with total passion as Mike and I pulled up to enter these wild carnivores. As we fed their aching pussies, passions yet again enhanced. What a sight it was. Perfect sensual bodies, one dark the other blonde, lost in wanton lust. Our cocks pounded them, stretching their tight fit bodies in unison. 

The sounds coming from the front of the coach spoke volumes to the fun being had. Moaning, groaning, yelping and purring bounced off the walls in every direction. 

I turned Tracy over and took her from behind. Connie reached for Mike's hard cock and pulled him to her lips. Tracy grabbed Connie's leg and pulled it to her. As my cock glided deep into her boiling cunt, she slid her tongue into Connie. Connie reacted by taking Mike fully, opening her throat and swallowing his gorgeous hard shaft ball deep. Her hands played with his testicles and teased his tight butt while her throat worked its miraculous wonders on him. Tracy was ecstatic, her pretty face wet from the overflowing pussy she obviously enjoyed. My strokes increased as her pussy tightened. Mikes legs began quivering as Connie humped Tracy's face. Tracy licked harder and faster and Connie erupted in a huge orgasm. Mike exploded and Connie swallowed every drop, her lips milking him totally. Tracy started to slam back onto my cock and I felt her pussy grip my cock with amazing strength. She moaned loudly as my cock filled her hungry pussy with spurt after spurt of hot cum. We collapsed together, bodies tangled, llaughing while trying to catch our breath. 

Up front we could see a tangle of bodies. We watched from our vantagepoint as the boys definitely were putting their lessons to good use. It was apparent that the women were definitely the beneficiaries based on their squeals of delight. 

Tracy stretched out on the bed and ran her hands along her body. Connie leaned over and kissed her lips and neck. Her hands caressed her tight hard nipples, cupping her breasts as her tongue traced down her throat. Tracy stroked her as her mouth brought the fire back fully. Connie slid between Tracy's legs and her tongue found Tracy's tender clit. Connie had her ass high and I told Mike that Connie really loved getting her ass drilled. Mike, rock hard yet again, slid in behind her and began filling her pussy with his hot cock. When it was totally wet he put it against her tight ass and she pressed back onto it. Mike took her slowly to allow her to adjust but quickly found her ass was eager for a hard cock. Tracy stroked my cock and pulled me to her lips. I straddled her head facing the door as I felt the heat of her gorgeous mouth for the first time. Her wet lips caressed my shaft; her tongue wrapping around my cock while her hands caressed my balls. By now, Mike is in full stride shoving his cock deep into CConnie's ass. Tracy is cumming all over Connie's face as she deep throats my hard cock. 

I look past Mike and see two of the guys with their girls standing in the doorway. I motion for them to come in. Moments later the others joined in and the bedroom was filled with naked, adorable bodies. The girls were totally in awe as Mike drove deep into her hot ass. The guys were looking in wonder as Connie ate Tracy. "Don't be shy folks, these women love to be stroked and touched. It drives them wild." The guys started touching Connie and Tracy and their moans relayed their total pleasure. The girls began to touch all of us, timidly at first but quickly lost any shyness. One of the girls put her arm around me and cupped my balls and with the other, fed my cock into Tracy's wet mouth. Tracy began cumming instantly as this happened. Her breasts and stomach were stroked and teased as Connie was getting drilled deeply. 

Hands caressed her breasts and others pulled her ass cheeks apart to allow Mike to drive in deeper. Connie reached for one of the guys' cock and began stroking it. Tracy had a cock in each hand lovingly caressing them. Mike was kissing one of the girls as his cock pistoned in and out faster. My hands caressed the girl who fondled me. Mike pulled out of Connie and his cock was instantly replaced by one of the guys. Everyone shifted and grabbed another and a full-blown orgy started. 

Mike and I took the girls out to the front of the coach while Connie and Tracy stayed in the bedroom with all the guys. The girls said the guys really were good. They told us they were nervous because the guys were such gentlemen in Daytona. They hoped they would get down and dirty with them up here but they never thought they would have been this good. Having said that, we spent the next hour or so filling them everywhere. Their tight bodies coupled with the enthusiasm only a twenty something woman can bring made for incredible sex. I looked at Mike and he was in heaven. So was I. I had two girls sucking my cock while he lay on his back with one riding his tongue and another grinding his cock. Their young tight bodies gave the impression of innocence, which only belied their eagerness for every orgasm they could have. I laid down on my back and one girl straddled my face with her tender lips while her friend impaled herself on my cock. My hands cradled their breasts as they leaned into each other and kissed passionately. They were no strangers to each other and the more they kissed, the hotter their pussies became. Mike was experiencing the same thing and it was wild.

The moaning and sounds coming from the bedroom told us that our girls were having a great time too. 

"This is so hot, we've never been into anything like this before and I just love it. I've never been so turned on in my life. I just can't get enough" the one girl purred as she snuggled into me. Her girlfriend was sucking my cock sweetly. She kissed me and asked "Would you please fuck me in the ass. I've never had it but I've used my toys and it feels good. I would love it if you would do it to me." 

A chorus of "me too please" was heard and Mike and I began. We told them we'd go slowly and that it might hurt but they insisted. "Do us just like you did to Tracy and Connie when we came in there please." I grabbed some lube and gave some to Mike too. We took it slowly and each one took us fully. Once over the initial penetration, the pleasure began and they loved it. 

"Oh yes, deeper, that's it, fuck my asshole baby... Oh Yes do it harder, Oh yes, oh God yes, harder, deeper, faster oh Baby, I'm cumming, don't stop. Don't stop." My cock pummeled her pretty ass and she bucked like a bronco. Her girlfriend slid between her legs and began licking her hot, dripping pussy as I developed a steady rhythm. Her body literally rocking and rolling to the pleasure being driven into her. She came again and her cum flooded her friends' greedy mouth. Mike was experiencing a similar scene across the aisle. The girls changed positions and we repeated this. These women were totally in heat. Their asses were hungry for cock, their lips greedily licking pussy. Mike and I changed partners and in the end, we had them all. 
