 Writer's Note: This is a story for adults over eighteen years of age about adults over eighteen years of age. While the story line is true the dialog has been compressed for the sake of time and space. Safe sex was not an issue in the early seventies but should be a concern for everyone today. 

*****

While my mother-in-law Marie and her friend Ronnie were at morning Mass I made myself at home in Ronnie's beautiful Tampa home. I shower, shaved, and put on my shorts and a tee shirt then settled in to read the Tampa Tribune and drink a few Bloody Marys. About eleven o'clock I heard the door to the garage open and a familiar voice call out.

"Hello! Mom it's me?"

I chuckled to myself; for the second time in a week Claire, Ronnie's daughter, stopped by to see her mother only to find me in the house.

"Hello Claire!" I called out, "I'm in the den."

She entered the den, "Oh it's you again. I guess you and my Mom have been doing disgusting things again; well at least you have clothes this time."

"I seem to recall that you rather enjoyed me not having my clothes on the last time you were here. Actually, your Mom and I have all been doing disgusting things with my mother-in-law; I guess that's why they had to go to Mass this morning."

"Oh my goodness; give me all the torrid details." She said wide eyed.

I looked the thirty years old brunette up and down as she moved to the sofa beside me; she wasn't a beauty like her Mom but she was a very sexy young lady dressed in a short skirt that hung just below her hips leaving her mid-drift bare up to the knit halter top that held her firm, round "C" cup breasts and showed off her more than ample cleavage. I thought back to our previous meeting a week earlier when we both got to show off our oral talents for each other. About the same time her Mom walked in on us. "Oh, I see you have met my daughter Claire."

"You are looking so fine today; certainly good enough to eat." I told her.

"That's exactly what a pretty redhead told me last night." She replied.

"So did you give her taste?" Claire smiled a coy smile and batted her eyes. I asked, "Are you sure you are ready to get married?"

"Sure Bill and I both like pussy and I also like hard cocks. Bill also loves to watch me with other women. It's the best of both worlds."

She gave me a quick kiss.

"You know if you could talk Bill into it just think of the fun we could have in a foursome with your Mom."

She giggled, "I know he has the hots for my Mom; several times I've had scold him for getting a hard-on when we visit her. I'm not sure he could handle seeing me getting it on with another man though. I'll drop him a hint and see how he reacts."

She paused then asked, "Did Mom enjoy going down on your mother-in-law?"

"I'm certain she enjoyed both giving and receiving from my mother-in-law, several times as a matter of fact; they even talked about whether or not they would like to enjoy a similar action with their daughters. It seems that their main concern is what their daughters would think."

"I've said suggestive things jokingly to Mom but she has never responded favorably."

"Maybe you should try the direct approach like your redhead did last night; that way she would know you are serious."

We heard car doors close outside and moved into the kitchen to greet the two sexiest, mature women in Tampa. I got the pitcher of Bloody Marys from the fridge and poured everyone a drink and garnished them with a stalk of celery. Once the girls entered they put their prayer books, lace scarves, and pocketbooks on a nearby table.

I made the introductions, "Marie this is Ronnie's daughter Claire and this is my beautiful mother-in-law Marie."

Claire stepped forward and gave Marie a quick kiss, "I've heard so much about you from my Mom I feel like I already know you. You are more beautiful than I had imagined." Then she turned to her Mom and kissed her, "Mom you look beautiful too."

I handed them a drink, "What's this?" Ronnie asked with a smile.

"Claire and I thought that maybe if we plied the two of you with liquor we could have our way with you."

Everyone laughed and sipped their drinks. Ronnie smiled a devilish smile and asked, "Are you sure you need liquor for that?"

Again everyone laughed then Marie commented, "I really want to change out of these clothes into something more comfortable."

Ronnie agreed and they headed toward the bedroom.

"Come on Claire; watching these two dress or undress is the most beautiful and exotic show in town." We immediately followed the women.

Claire and I sat on the large bed and watched both the live action and mirrored action as her mother and my mother-in-law began to disrobe. While they removed their jewelry and unbuttoned their tops they began to tell Claire about our naughty adventure the evening before; not in great detail but just the basic facts, going to an adult theater.

As they stepped out of their skirts Marie mentioned going out braless for the first time and the two young sailors; after hanging up their clothes Ronnie mentioned the tall, handsome man in a suit who kept all the creepy guys away from her. Marie stepped out of her half-slip and put it into her luggage while Ronnie crossed her arms then pulled her whole slip over her head; they mentioned all the guys who gathered around to see what was going on. I had to add Marie pulling off her panties and letting the young sailors stroke their cocks with them.

Claire commented, "My goodness that was certainly naughty."

Both women were down to their heels, stockings, garter belts, panties, and bras; what a sight to behold? Even though Claire had seen her Mom like that many times she still took in the sight breathlessly. Ronnie did not waste any time dropping her bra to the bed and rubbing the line that had imprinted across her chest; Marie appeared to be deciding between leaving her bra on or continuing her braless adventure.

Claire reached out to her Mon, "Mom, you look absolutely delicious; I could just eat you up!"

"Darling, you know I have never denied you anything you really wanted." Ronnie stated with a serious but inviting look on her face.

Ronnie's tan orbs and inviting brown nipples were just inches from Claire's face; Claire leaned forward and Ronnie took her each of her breasts in her hands and offered them to her daughter. Ronnie sighed softly as her daughter's lips and tongue tantalized the already hard nubbins. Marie moved closer to watch the mother daughter action; her bra slid down her arms and quickly landed on the bed beside Ronnie's. I pulled Marie close to me, her breast pressed lightly against my face her tongue slid lightly over her top lip.

Ronnie moved her hands around her daughter and lifted the knit halter top up and over her daughter's head; all the women were bare breasted and the mirrored walls were covered with beautiful, full breasts everywhere you looked. Ronnie pulled Claire off the bed and into her arms; their breasts flattened against each other while their tongues darted about each other's mouths and lips. Marie's body shivered at the sight; her arms and chest were immediately covered with goose bumps.

Ronnie shared her daughter's half-dollar sized, brown areola and taunt nipples with Marie. I moved behind Claire, unfastened her skirt, and slid it down her short but shapely, tan legs; as I moved back up I covered the smooth skin on her legs and back with gentle kisses. 

A few minutes later Ronnie asked her daughter, "Do you really want to eat your Mom up?"

Claire broke into a smile and Marie and I moved close to help her remove her Mom's panties; we covered her with kisses as we moved down to her feet then again as we moved back up to her top. Ronnie moved onto the bed on her knees and wiggling her sweet, bare ass invitingly before rolling onto her back and spreading her legs for Claire. Marie and I took places beside Ronnie's hips where we could see the action up close; Claire quickly moved onto the bed and into the saddle between her Mom's legs.

I had been in the saddle of both mother and daughter and I don't think I have ever seen two pussies as much alike as these two; both had sparse patches of dark pubic hair along the lips of their vulva and across the top of the pubic mound. Both had just barely exposed, pink labia nestled between the vulvas and glistening with clear, moist nectar. 

My mother-in-law and her daughter on the other hand were almost complete opposites except for the large thick patches of pubic hair they both had; Marlene's pink labia were neatly tucked into the crevasse between her large puffy vulvas. Her clitoris was a small nubbin with her tiny pearl clearly visible. Marie not only had prominent puffy vulvas but also very prominent, completely exposed, long, clitoral sheath and labia. Her labia hung from the clitoral sheath like hot wax running down a candle; the inside labia was varying shades of pink where the exposed lips were almost earth tone. I couldn't wait for Claire to try on Marie. 

Claire observed the beautiful home where she had been born about thirty years earlier; she kissed along the heavy lips which had given protection to her birth canal. She ran her fingers along the edges of the pink inner lips glistening with her Mom's slick, juicy cream before opening them to expose the deeper crevasse of beautiful, pink, glistening membranes and her pleasure button at the top. She leaned closer, inhaled, and began kissing all the parts. 

By her own admission she was no stranger to eating pussy but this one was different; it belonged to her Mom and it had been the place her father had entered, filled with his hot semen carrying millions of sperm, and fertilizing her mother's eggs. Still it was a beautiful pussy that excited her inner most desires to see, to touch, to smell, to taste, and even to hear that faint squishing sound created when something firm is moved through the thick cream. Claire quickly forgot the old emotional ties and had her Mom moaning and grunting those primal sounds of a sexually aroused woman; Ronnie's hips bucked against her daughter's face covering it with slick, glistening cream.

Marie moved upward to kiss Ronnie's lips and breasts; I moved downward to Claire's firm round cheeks. While Ronnie enjoyed her daughter's oral talents, Marie enjoyed Ronnie's kisses and nipples, and I, once again slipped Claire's panties off and began rimming her sweet ass. It wasn't long before Ronnie screamed, arched her back off the bed, and pushed Claire from between her legs.

"Oh darling, that was incredible!" She paused a moment then added, "I think I should add that to your Baby Scrapbook."

Everyone got a big laugh from the comment. 

Claire looked at Marie with a sultry smile, "Guess who is next?" Marie giggled.

Ronnie took charge; she patted the bed with her hand, "Claire you come up here and lay on your back; that way we can all get in on the action." 

Claire looked in awe as I slid Marie's panties off and exposed her massive patch of thick pubic hair. When Claire was situated on her back Ronnie guided Marie into position straddling Claire then she turned to me and took my hand, "Come on Will you and I will have lots of options."

The most obvious option was Ronnie between her daughter's legs and just as she had done to Marie the day before she climbed into Claire's saddle and went right to work. Since she was half on and half off the bed that left her beautiful ass to my discretion; I could eat or fuck her delicious pussy or her equally delicious ass or go for broke and eat and fuck them both. I decided to start with fucking her delicious pussy so I could watch her tearing up her daughter's pussy with her tongue at the same time I was watching my mother-in-law fucking Claire's face. It was a beautiful sight by itself but multiplied by the number of mirrored walls and it went straight to absolutely amazing; add to that the beauty of my rock hard cock slipping in and out of Ronnie's beautiful pussy glistening with her juices and it was beyond this world. 

It wasn't long before Marie and Claire had all the orgasmic stimulation one could reasonably tolerate. We decided to take a break for lunch and headed to the kitchen nude, well except Marie and Ronnie still had on their Sunday go-to- meeting stockings and garter belts on. After stuffing ourselves Ronnie and Marie attacked Claire with strawberries and other assorted fruits, vegetables, and sauces from the fridge. Ronnie ordered her daughter to get up on the counter so Marie could take her turn at having her way with Claire.

Afterwards Claire asked Marie, "So do you think you would like an afternoon of passionate sex with your daughter?"

Marie thought about the question then answered, "Of course I would like to but I don't really see it happening. Since she has remarried she had been focused on family and having children; she doesn't seem interested sex like she was when she first shared Will with me."

Ronnie spoke up, "Maybe we could invite her down for our Gasparilla Party in January? That's only a few months away."

Marie added, "That's nice of you but let me try to see if I can work it out. I'm really glad that you and Claire were able to get together; I'm honored to have been a part of it."

Our weekend came to an end with promises that we would get together another time; Claire said she would work on seeing if Bill would join us sometime then made us promise that if we ever went to the adult theater again that we would include her. On the ride home Marie said she was just too tired to drive home and asked if she could sleep over. I told her she didn't have to ask, she was always welcome in my home and in my bed whether I'm alone or with someone.

Several weeks after Marie and I spent the weekend at Ronnie's Marie called and wanted to go to Tampa to have dinner and see the show at the Cabana Lounge on Florida Ave; the head liner was a stripper from New York by the name Stormy Weather. The plan was Marie would come to my house early Friday evening and we would drive to Tampa from there. I called Ronnie to see if she would like to meet us but only got her answering machine. Oh well it was only Tuesday so I would have plenty of time to call her.

I settled in to grade papers for my senior's economic class about nine o'clock when I heard a car pull into the drive way. A few minutes later there was a soft knock on the door; I answered the door wearing only a pair of shorts.

"Hello Will, can I come in?" 

My jaw almost dropped to the floor; Marlene, my ex wife was standing at the door waiting for me to pick my jaw up and ask her in.

"Yes of course come on in. Are you okay? Is your Mom okay?"

"Yes everyone is okay; I'm sorry I gave you a scare. I just wanted to see you so I thought I would drive down while Mike is away on a fishing trip." She paused and stepped inside. "Do I get a hug?"

"Of course, I'm so flabbergasted that my mind isn't working." I managed to get out as I opened my arms.

There was a second of awkwardness then our bodies completely melted together. It had been about six months since I had seen her and three months since our divorce was final but in my arms it was like she had just left that morning for work and now she was back home. She pressed her pelvis against me and I knew within the hour we would be naked in bed.

"Does a kiss go with that?" it was a rhetorical question that did not need an answer except with our lips.

Marlene was probably the best kisser ever and our lips melted together; our tongues began to probe each other's mouths. Our hands moved over each other's bodies. I backed against the wall in the foyer and pulled Marlene against me; her long shapely legs straddled my leg. I lifted her skirt and pulled her closer; I immediately felt the heat of her cunt against my thigh.

"Fuck me Will."

When Marlene said, "fuck me" she didn't mean in a little while or somewhere else, she meant "fuck me now, fuck me right here." My hands cupped her sweet ass; one hand pulled the crotch of her panties to the side while Marlene unfastened my shorts and let them drop to the floor. I lifted her above my already erect cock then lowered her down; she moved her hips to align the head of my cock with her hot, wet cunt and as we had done many times before she slid down impaling herself on my cock. 

We had not lost our touch; I had fucked many women and loved the feel of my cock bathed in the warmth and wetness of their cunts but the feel of being in Marlene was almost magical. I spun her around so her back would be against the wall; as she lowered her feet to the floor I began pounding her with long thrusts. Her arms were wrapped tightly around my neck, her teeth bit my ear as she began to grunt words in a deep voice.

"I have missed our fucks. I played with my pussy almost all the way down here thinking about you fucking me. Oooh baby ram it in my pussy hard; make me cum."

I could tell by the sound of her grunts that she was ready to let go; I picked up the pace to join her. She screamed and pounded my shoulders with her fists; I hollered out and began pumping spurt after spurt of semen into her hot wet tunnel. Our bodies froze, moving only to breathe. As my cock began to shrink I felt her squeeze it with her cunt.

A few minutes later Marlene pulled away, adjusted the crotch of her panties so she could feel my semen ooze in to her panties and to dry; she immediately went to her knees to clean the cooling, slimy semen from my cock with her warm mouth and tongue. Once she was satisfied with the cleanup she stood and gave me a big kiss to share the taste of my semen on her tongue; it was deja vu all over. 

Marlene and I had experienced the same event many times; sometimes it was against the wall, sometimes on the floor, sometimes on the kitchen table or the laundry room, and sometimes on the hood of my 240Z in the car port. We loved quickies; quickies seemed to wet our appetite for those romantic evenings with hours of sex throughout the house.

"I'm starved!" Marlene said once we recovered from our quickie fuck. 

I was surprised when Marlene turned down my invitation for a gin and tonic, her favorite drink; we settled for a southern favorite, sweetened ice tea. Over sandwiches and chips we talked about what had been going on in our lives since our break up; actually it was mostly Marlene prodding me about who I had been fucking. She was very hush-hush about her sex life. 

When I didn't divulge information about her mother she stated emphatically, "I hear you have also been seeing Mother from time to time." 

"Yes, we haven't exactly made it a secret but she comes down occasionally. Did she tell you?"

"No, I had to hear it from Debbie."

Debbie was Marie's daughter-in-law who was knocked up by Marie's son when they were seniors in high school. They had a shotgun wedding of sorts but the son went to work on an oil rig in the Gulf and just never came home. 

Marlene continued, "It seems that Mother was visiting Debbie and after the baby was put to bed they sat down for some girl to girl talk over wine; the conversation eventually turned to the topic of me being bi-sexual. Debbie admitted that she knew about it and when Mother pressed her she admitted she had joined us in a threesome the year before." (See: Double Treat)

"So what did your Mother say?" I asked.

"She pressed Debbie for specific details and when Debbie told her Mother expressed her interest in wanting to try what Debbie described about our weekend together. That led to some fondling and playing in the kitchen which led to the full course in the bedroom."

"Wow your Mother hasn't mentioned a word of that to me. I'm proud of her for venturing out on her own and keeping it a secret." 

"My only concern is that Mother may be getting out of control. I certainly don't want it getting out all over town that my Mother is a bit of a slut."
