 I woke up at my usual time of 5:30 am, blinking my eyes slowly as I tried to wipe the fog from my contacts. With all of the excitement from the night before, I had neglected to take them out. Rolling onto my side, I shifted around to the edge of the bed and sat up straight. 

The amazing blowjob I had received from Janesha the night before had relaxed me so much that no sooner had she left then I dropped off into a deep sleep. Now I was definitely thankful that the heat worked well in the house. If it hadn't been working I would have woken up as a frozen popsicle. As it stood, I was only slightly chilly.

Sliding off the bed, I glanced at my dresser and contemplated getting dressed. But, this was my house, and it wasn't like the girls hadn't seen, felt and sucked on my cock already. So, I just shrugged my shoulders and made my way to the bathroom in the nude.

I stepped out into the living room to find that one of the lamps was still burning brightly. There was a scattering of glasses and empty beer bottles that would definitely have to be picked up when the girls finally managed to wake up. Until then, they could just stay where they were.

Laughing softly to myself, I went ahead and stepped into the bathroom to begin getting ready for the day. A nice morning shower always seemed to be what I needed to get moving, and today was no different. There is just something about the feel of hot water rolling over my shoulders that I have always loved, especially when I needed to work out some kinks in my system.

When I finished my morning routine, I hung my wet towel up to dry and stepped out into the hallway. Glancing down the hall, I noticed a light coming from one of the bedrooms where the door was left partially open. Curious, I stepped down to the door and glanced into the room.

I had expected to see two of the girls in the same bed, so I was shocked when the only one in the bed was Tammy. She was sprawled on her stomach, with the sheet half covering her body. There was a look of pure innocence of youth about her. I had to remind myself that while she was sexy as hell, she was also still a kid. 

It was more than obvious that she wasn't wearing any clothes under the sheet. From my vantage point, I had a good look at her nearly nude body. The way the sheet was covering her, I could see her entire plump ass. But what really got to me was how she had her right leg pulled up slightly, giving me complete view of her pussy.

I groaned inwardly as my eyes locked onto her pussy lips. A part of me knew that I should turn away, but I just couldn't help myself. It was such a sexy sight, that it drew me in and sparked a desire that radiated from down deep. My cock began to twitch, stiffening slowly as I imagined burying myself deep inside of her from behind.

Reaching down, I grasped my now hard shaft and tugged on it a few times. I contemplated stepping up for a closer look, but at the last minute I decided against it. After all, I don't exactly know how she would react to finding my standing over her with my hard cock in my hand. Knowing my luck, she would scream and think I was attacking her.

With that thought in mind, I turned away from the door and made my way down the hall towards the living room. I was also wondering where the others were. It only made sense for them to split the rooms at two people per room. Since the other door was closed, I couldn't tell if all of them were in the same room or not.

I have to admit, the very thought of three girls sharing the same bed definitely had my imagination flowing. After all, isn't it every man's dream to see multiple women in bed with one another? Just friends or not, it was still enticing as hell!

"Damn, you really do just walk around in the nude here, huh?" I heard a soft voice say from the kitchen as I walked into the living room. To say that it startled the hell out of me would be the understatement of the century.

Turning my head I caught sight of Shelly, the leggy blonde girl, leaning against the door frame. Her bob haircut was slightly disheveled from sleeping and she was holding a cup of coffee in her hand. All I saw was legs though, long legs, stretching out from underneath a t-shirt that fell just below her privates. If I was hard before, now I was solid as a rock.

"Yeah," I replied with a laugh. "I guess you caught me."

"Good lord, but do you stay hard or something?" she asked as she fixated her eyes on my stiff member.

"Only when there are half-naked women running around my house," I replied with a grin.

"Ahh..." she said with a twinkle in her eyes. "Well, since you came in here already hard it obviously wasn't because of me."

"True," I replied. "So, tell me... did you share the bed with Tammy last night?"

"I see now," she said laughingly. "You found my roommate sprawled out in the nude, didn't you?"

"Perhaps..." I said slowly, not certain where she was going to go with this.

"What if I did share the bed with her?" she asked in a sultry voice. "What if I told you that I not only shared the bed with her, but I... shared... the bed with her?"

I couldn't help but catch the emphasis, or the meaning, behind her second use of the word "shared". The very thought made my cock twitch involuntarily, which brought another small laugh from the young lady standing in front of me. Not caring, I stepped up to her and leaned closer into her.

"Did you?" I whispered softly in her ear. "Did you 'share' the bed with her?"

"Oh my..." she said with a throaty voice as my cockhead brushed her hand. 

"Well?" I asked again.

"No..." she said blushing, letting her finger slide nonchalantly over my cockhead. "...but I would if she were into it."

"Would you, now?" I asked in an even softer voice. 

"Yes..." she said again, wrapping her soft hand around my hard shaft. "You know... I'm not wearing any panties under this t-shirt."

"Really?" I asked, not in the least bit surprised.

Stepping even closer to her, I pressed my body up against hers, and let my pulsating cock rest against her bare thigh. I wrapped my arms around her waist, and ran my hands down to cup her asscheeks. She was right. She wasn't wearing any panties and I could feel her soft cheeks under the palm of my hands.

With a shaky hand, she placed her coffee cup on the table next to her and wrapped her arms around my neck. She let out a soft moan as I leaned in and placed a small kiss on her neck. Even after a night of drinking, I could still smell the sweetness of her perfume. It was an intoxicating scent that was practically driving me wild with desire.

I continued to kiss along her neck and nibble softly on her ear, while savoring the sounds of her soft moans in my ear. Her ass felt good underneath my hands as I let my fingers explore her soft flesh. Finding the crack of her ass, I let my fingers slide even lower, causing her to jump slightly when I caressed her puckered rosebud. 

Holding my hand there, I continued to press lightly against her anus, massaging it gently while kissing along her jaw line. She parted her lips expectantly as my mouth grew closer to her hers. Her breathing had taken on a ragged, hungry sound as she clawed on my back with her long nails.

When our mouths touched, it was like a wildfire was ignited. Her lips pressed hard against mine as her hand wrapped around my head. I felt her tongue slip into my mouth, and could taste the coffee on her lips. She kissed me like a woman possessed, moaning into my mouth as I pulled her tighter against me and pressed my hard cock between her legs.

I almost wasn't prepared when she decided to jump up into my arms and wrap her legs around my waist. It surprised me so much that it nearly toppled me over, but thankfully I was able to regain my balance while gripping her ass tightly. She chuckled softly into my mouth, never breaking her tight embrace of my head and neck while kissing me.

We broke our kiss, and she pressed her head into my neck, when she felt my cockhead brush against her moist pussy lips. She moaned loudly, thrusting her hips back and forth as she tickled her pussy lips on the tip of my cock. The feeling was absolutely amazing, sending shockwaves of pleasure up and down my body.

Carrying her over to the table, I set her down gently and grabbed the hem of her shirt. Lifting upwards, I pulled it off of her body and leaned back to admire her naked flesh. She had the perkiest set of A-cup breasts I had ever laid my eyes on. Her pale skin practically glowed in the dim light, and her pink puffy little areolas captured my attention. They looked so succulent and inviting, capped with short, yet thick nipples that just begged for some loving.

I pushed her back slightly allowing her to catch herself with her hands, and began to kiss down her neck. My mouth, tongue and teeth moved slowly across her flesh, leaving a trail of kisses and nibbles down to her perky little breasts. The closer I got to her tit, the louder her moans became, until they echoed in the small kitchen. 

My mouth found her right breast, while my right hand encircled her left breasts. I ran my tongue over her entire tit in small circles until I reached her stiff nipple. Pulling it into my mouth, I suckled on it softly, nibbling and flicking it with my tongue repeatedly. All the while, I pinched and pulled on her other nipple with my thumb and forefinger. 

Pulling her entire breast into my mouth, I sucked and licked it until she was begging me to do the same to her other breast. Then I kissed across her chest and gave that breast the same treatment. I was thoroughly enjoying the sounds of her moaning in delight and the smell of her sex was permeating the air, driving me wild for a taste of something else.

I broke my hold on her breast and began kissing down her long abdomen. Her stomach was so taut and tight. She was definitely an in shape young woman and I admired her flesh as my tongue traced down to just above her pubic mound.

Kissing softly above her pubic mound, I teased her gently while plying her legs farther apart with my hands. Once her legs were fully spread, she lay back on the table and I continued kissing down and over her pubic mound. She had soft, wispy blonde pubic hairs that lightly covered her mound that she had neatly manicured into a small "v".

My tongue found the tip of her pussy folds, snaking down and lapping at the hood that covered her clit. She moaned with delight as I lowered myself into a crouching position, and breathed lightly over her sex. As I blew out against her moist lips she shuddered expectantly, waiting for me to continue tasting her.

Her pussy lips were pink, puffy and I could see the moisture that literally coated them. She smelled delicious and I parted them with my fingers exposing even more of her pink pussy to my gaze. Her clit popped out its hood, standing tall and erect like a little button just begging to be pushed.

I leaned forward and ran my tongue from the bottom of her pussy all the way to the top. She tasted just as sweet as she looked, so young and so pure. I couldn't remember the last time I had tasted a 19 year old, and back then I probably didn't appreciate it as much as I did now at 37 years old. Her juices had that wonderfully sweet, yet tangy taste that absolutely drove me wild.

My tongue delved into her sweet canal, lapping up her juices and letting them spread across my lips and chin. I shifted my hands, spreading her pussy lips with my left fingers and pressing my right index finger against her moist canal. She bucked like a bronco when I clasped her clit between my lips just as my finger penetrated her pussy lips. 

Her pussy clamped around my finger as I slid it halfway into her. She was so tight around my digit, that the very thought of sliding my cock into her made my shaft twitch in anticipation. The further I pemetrated her with my finger, the more her juices flowed, until my entire hand was covered with her fluids. 

I continued to feast on her young pussy, alternating between her clit and her pussy folds. At the same time, I added a second finger and was now vigorously thrusting them in and out of her hot, wet pussy. The sounds emanating from her throat were guttural and animal like as she inched closer and closer to an orgasm. 

Clamping my lips hard around her clit, I sucked and flicked it with wild abandon as I shoved my fingers deep into her and found her special spot. The result was phenomenal, as her walls began to spasm around my fingers and she practically squirted her juices into my mouth. The moans and pleasure filled sighs reaching a crescendo I didn't know was even possible. 

I kept my fingers pressed deeply into her, enjoying the feeling of her walls tightening and releasing them repeatedly. Her juices now coated my entire hand as well as my lips, chin and cheeks. Truthfully, I think she tasted even better than she did when I got my first taste of her. 

As she came off of her orgasmic high, still breathing ragged breaths and moaning lightly, we heard a voice exclaim, "Damn, I want some of what she is having!"

Glancing over my shoulder, I found the raven haired beauty of the group leaning against the door frame. Despite having just woken up, her raven black hair was still as straight as ever and framed her pretty face just right. She was wearing a red t-shirt with the NC State logo plastered across the front of it. Her large breasts were sagging slightly to the side, evidence of her lack of bra, and she had two large bumps prominently displaying her stiff nipples. 

My eyes continued down her body to where her hand was pushed down the front of her "boy shorts". It was plainly obvious that she had been busy taking care of herself while watching as I feasted on her friend. Her hand was still busy between her legs as she twiddled her clit rapidly while biting her lip at the same time. It truly was a sultry sight to behold.

I turned to Shelly, extending my hand to her and helped her off the table. As she stood up, she ran her hands over her perky little tits and pulled hard on her nipples. She stood there a little weak in the knees and her eyes were still slightly glazed from the orgasmic release she had just experienced. I searched her face for a response as I nodded in the direction of her friend, Jenny.

"Mmmm..." she said. "Why not?"

"Let's go," I said to both of them, as I took Shelly by the hand and guided them both to my bedroom.

I climbed up on the bed and lay on my back, looking at the two young ladies that had entered the room with me. My hard cock was standing large and proud before the two girls as I motioned for them to join me. Shelly wasted no time at all, as she clambered onto the bed and knelt between my legs.

Shelly reached down and grasped my throbbing shaft in a tight grip and started slowly stroking me while massaging my heavy balls with her other hand. I looked over at Jenny and watched as she shimmied out of her boy shorts and pulled her t-shirt off to expose her sexy body to my eyes. The combination of the girl giving me a handjob and looking at Jenny's now exposed body me moan with desire.

The difference between the two girls physically was striking. On one hand (literally), Shelly was tall, slender and sported puffy nippled, perky little breasts. Jenny was exactly the opposite. She was short, probably not much taller than 5 foot, with a thick waist and thighs. 

The difference didn't end there. Where Shelly was a pale shade of white, with wispy blonde pubic hair, Jenny was a nice natural tan color. Her breasts were easily in the DDD category if not larger, and she had large tan areolas with nickel sized nipples that stuck out like a pair of twin headlamps. They were definitely a pair of mountains I would love to climb.

Jenny turned around like a model on a catwalk and I was able to catch a glimpse of her bare ass for the first time. Unlike Shelly's firm little ass, hers was large, fluffy and curvy in all the right spots. She was completely bald down below, with not a wisp of hair or stubble in sight, probably the result of a recent wax job.

I now moaned loudly as Shelly took my thick cock between her lips and began licking my cockhead as she explored my taut flesh. At the same time, she motioned for Jenny to join us and the other girl quickly scrambled onto the bed next to her friend. Seeing the two of them side-by-side, one with my cock in her mouth while the other looked on was truly a sight to behold.

Shelly bobbed her head up and down rapidly on my shaft several times, taking me deep into her throat and then pulling back to just the tip. She released my bulbous cockhead from her sucking mouth with an audible "pop", and then offered my shaft to her friend. Once Jenny had me firmly in her grip, Shelly slid down further to give my balls some special attention of their own.

To say the experience was sublime would be the understatement of the decade. Jenny took her time with my cock, slowly taking me deep into her throat and swallowing repeatedly. I could feel my cockhead being massaged by her throat muscles, while Shelly gently sucked on my balls. If the two of them kept that up for long, it would only be a matter of time before I filled Jenny's mouth with my cum.

Jenny moaned in approval and lapped at my cockhead when pre-cum began to ooze from the tip. Sensing my pending release, she pulled her mouth off of my shaft and looked at me with a "cat that ate the canary" grin. 

"Not just yet, big fella," she said playfully and then began kissing her way up my body.

She pressed her soft breasts against my side and her nipples felt like hard bumps pressed into my flesh. Leaning down she placed her lips against mine and as we kissed she slipped her tongue into my mouth. I could taste my pre-cum on her tongue as she kissed me long and hard. It seemed like an eternity before she broke the kiss and laughed softly. 

"Now, for some of what Shelly already received," she chuckled, as she quickly moved to get ready and position herself over my body.

Shelly had quit sucking on my balls and was leaning back playing with her pussy. She had two fingers firmly between her legs and they worked her moist canal while she twiddled her clit with her thumb. Apparently the two of them were letting me rest for a moment, and were not ready for me to cum just yet.

The sight of Shelly frigging her pussy was cut off as Jenny straddled my chest with her large, plump ass pointed toward my head. I now had a perfect view of her fluffy cheeks, puckered anus and gorgeously bald pussy lips. Moisture was just beginning to form on her lips, like dew on the mountain grass.

She shimmied up my body slowly, placing her pussy just above my mouth. I put both hands up, half supporting her and spreading her wide at the same time. As she lowered herself to my mouth, I got a good taste of her juices when I ran the tip of my tongue up and down her exposed slit. I couldn't help but note that she even tasted different much different than Shelly had. It was more of tangy taste, than sweet, but divine none-the-less.

I explored her pussy with my tongue, pressing my face hard against her and pushing it as deep into her as I could. Using both hands, I spread her pussy lips even wider, exposing her completely and causing her stiff clit to pop out of its hood. It was like a light switch just waiting to be flipped, and I wasted no time flipping it. 

The bed shifted slightly as Shelly moved up and straddled my waist. Her soft hand grasped my hard cock and pulled it slightly back until I was standing almost straight up. I clamped my lips around Jenny's stiff little clit and then moaned deeply as I felt Shelly engulf my hard cock with her tight, wet pussy in one single stroke.

I've heard of women fitting a man like a glove, but that was nothing compared to how Shelly felt. Her pussy walls gripped my thick cock in a vice like grip, as she bottomed out and caused my cockhead to press against her cervix roughly. The air was punctuated by the sound of her sharp intake of breath as her whole body shuddered while holding me fully ensconced in her depths.
