 So what do you do when your lover's husband walks in and finds the two of you sleeping naked on the marital bed, your arms and legs wrapped about each other, the whole room reeking of sex, and a much abused cucumber lying next to you?

Yes, that's quite a question, and it's not one most of us have occasion to think through in advance or to experience so often that we have a pat response. But on this particular afternoon, it was a question I found myself with a deep and serious need to answer and to answer quickly. I was naked, lying in bed with my sister Jolene's sister-in-law, Linda, who was equally naked, and yes, there was a much abused (or perhaps I should say, much loved) cucumber lying on the bed next to us. Standing in the doorway was Linda's husband, Art, backed by his brother, Larry.

Now if you have read the prior chapters you know I was hardly a stranger to either Art or Larry. Larry is my sister Jolene's husband, who as far as I know, is always ready for sex and feels himself to be totally unbound by the constraints of marriage or other committed relationships, his own or others,' so I knew I had little fear of Larry's disapproval. And oh yeah, the smirk on his face was another clue.

But I was less sure of myself with Art. Art and I weren't total strangers, mind you. He had been on the eye-opening trip I had taken to Mexico at Jolene's invitation where I had discovered I had a taste, even a flair, for exhibitionism. Art had clearly enjoyed watching me strut around in the evenings wearing as little as I could get away with without provoking open outrage from his and Larry's strict mother while my sister Jolene, the ex-stripper had watched in great amusement. And I was reasonably certain that Art had been peeking through a fractionally open door watching as Larry fucked me furiously on the last day before we returned to Chicago. Oh, and there was the fact that I had given him a very successful blow job in front of an admiring audience of swingers at a party at Jolene's two weeks earlier, and then he had sat watching while Linda ate my pussy until she drove me to string of screaming climaxes. All in all, there was ample reason to expect that Art would not be too outraged to find me lying naked in bed with his wife at five o'clock on a Saturday afternoon with a well-used cucumber/dildo lying next to us. But one never knows.

I was new to this kind of family debauchery, having been a sexually naïve assistant credit manager, whose husband of two years had divorced her for a gay relationship with his legal assistant, and, unlike Larry's smirk, Art's face was frozen in an unreadable blank stare. Was he shocked? Was he about to break into a violent rage? How could I tell, and what should I do?

That was when Linda finally woke up. She rolled away from me and lay on her back, her legs carelessly spread, her upper body propped up on her elbows. She reached up with one hand and pushed her long tangle of hair from her eyes before she spoke. 

"Oh, hi honey. How was your golf? What time is it anyway? I guess Amanda and I fell asleep."

Art began to laugh, and I decided I wasn't going to be beaten by a jealous husband. It was also when I decided that the best defense was probably a good offense, so when Art finally began to recover from his laughter, I said, "Guys, I think Linda and I missed lunch somehow. Could you order some pizza while we get a shower?" I paused for a moment as I picked up the cucumber. "And, oh yeah," I said. "Please throw this cucumber away. I think it has had all the fun it can stand this afternoon." I tossed the cucumber over Art's head towards Larry, who being the former Northwestern tight end that he was, snagged it with one hand like it was the game winning ball (which it kinda had been earlier in the afternoon, not once but twice).

Now I had Larry laughing hysterically too. Since I seemed to be on a roll, I hopped to my feet and reached down to grab Linda's hand to pull her to her feet, saying, "Come on Linda. Let's get a shower while these guys order some pizza. There's room for two of us in your shower isn't there?"

Linda was awake now and she decided to join in the game. She quickly hopped to her feet, her big tits flopping against her chest and said, "Plenty of room," in answer to my question, as if it was question another naked woman asked her every day. As she and I started to walk towards the bathroom she put her arm around me and pulled me close so that as we walked away our hips were rubbing firmly against each other. Then she looked over her shoulder at the two guys, who were still standing in the door with somewhat shell-shocked looks on their faces, and said, "By the way, Art, I think we're low on beer. Would you be a dear and run out and get a case? Get something good. None of that watery PBR, and make sure it's chilled. Amanda and I have worked up a thirst this afternoon." 

With that closing comment we stepped through the door to the bath and pulled it firmly closed behind us. As soon as the latch clicked, it was our turn to begin laughing hysterically. "Did you see their faces?" Linda asked. "They find us all but fucking and we just get up and send them for beer and pizza while we go to the shower." Then she reached up, put a hand behind my neck and pulled my head down towards her for a long sloppy wet kiss. I stopped laughing immediately.

We stood there kissing for a long time. I rubbed my chest against Linda's big tits. It was lovely. I could feel a fire starting in my loins again. Finally Linda said, "Wait, this will feel much better in the shower with soap."

So we pulled apart. As Linda stepped into the shower to start it and check the water temperature, I leaned back against a counter, my naked hips thrust lewdly outward as I thought about how erotic it had been a few hours ago to have my hands wrapped around Linda's big naked butt and my face planted in her pussy licking her while she groaned in ecstasy. 

Now the water was warm, and Linda turned, standing under the stream coming from the rainforest head, beckoning me to her with a crooked finger and a lewd smile. We both stood directly beneath the showerhead, reveling in the warm stream for a long moment or several. Then Linda pushed me from beneath the stream and pulled herself tight behind me as she reached around and began to lather up my chest with a bar of soap. Once she had me nicely soaped up she began to caress my tits with both hands. She tried to pinch my nipples, which had quickly become as hard as little pebbles, but the soap caused her fingers to slide off just before the pinch became painful. It felt marvelous.

After a bit she grabbed the soap bar from the holder and put more lather on her hands. She began to slide her caressing hands down my chest, across my belly and then past my sex to lather up the inside of my thighs. She kept approaching my sex from the inside of one thigh and then the other and then from my belly. It was exquisite torture, and eventually I couldn't stand it, so I grabbed her hand and pulled it tight against my pussy. It was quickly joined by a second hand and the pressure of Linda's loins pressing against my ass. Then she used a finger to stroke my slit, stopping always just short of my clit. I spread my stance to accommodate her, and she slipped a couple of fingers into my cunt. Now I was groaning and crying and I could feel a small orgasm building—not like the blockbusters I had experienced earlier in the day, but all the same, I wanted it.

Suddenly Linda stopped, pushing me away and saying, "Now you do me."

"What?! Fuck, I was just about to cum."

"I know and we shouldn't. We should just get good and horny so we can match Art and Larry. We had them drooling by the time we walked out, and they are going to be ready to do us. Now warm me up," she finished as she handed me the bar of soap.

So I did to her just about the same as she had done to me, except I spent more time on her tits because I found fondling her wet soapy tits to be incredibly erotic and could have done it all evening if she hadn't directed me to her pussy.

Eventually we shut down the shower and toweled ourselves down. Linda started to walk out into the bedroom, and I asked, "Clothes?

"I think not," she said. "Besides, the only ones you brought, such as they are, are still on the floor in the kitchen. Haven't you ever had pizza and beer in the nude before?"

"Uh, no."

"Well, you've got to try it. Makes the pizza taste better, especially if you're licking it off my tits or Art's cock. Even helps the taste of the beer, if you start with good beer." With that she turned and walked naked out the bedroom door, her big ass swinging as she went. 

I stood thinking for a moment. I guess I'm about to go to my second orgy. What the hell, it certainly is turning out to be a lot more than Saturday morning coffee. 

When I walked into the kitchen, Linda, Art, and Larry were all sitting around a table drinking a beer. The men had shed their clothing so everyone was naked. "Welcome to Nude Pizza Night!" Linda said loudly as she raised her beer in a toast quickly joined by the two men. 

I pulled a beer from the case on the table and stood naked before them as I took a long pull from the bottle. "So is this a regular Saturday evening thing for you guys?" I asked.

"We try," said Linda in response, "But, you know how life goes. Sometimes things just get in the way. Like kids. I'm pretty liberal but I can't quite get to inviting them to join us for Nude Pizza Night."

"Yeah, and we really can't do this when Mom is here," said Larry. They all laughed.

"God, she'd kill us," Art said.

Just then the doorbell rang. "That'll be the pizza dude," Art said. Who's going to put their clothes on and answer the door?"

"I will," I said. I bent over and picked up my T-shirt I had dropped on the floor earlier. "Hmm. I don't know where my shorts are. Well fuck it," I continued as I pulled the T-shirt on and walked towards the front door, naked from the waist down, grabbing a twenty that was lying on the table.

"Don't forget to tip him," Linda said as I walked from the room.

When I opened the door and stood there looking at the pizza dude, my hard nipples were making tents in my T-shirt. The T-shirt was an old one that had shrunk enough so that it came nowhere near hiding my naked pussy. I thought the pizza dude was going to drop the pizza box when he realized how indecent I was. God, this was even more fun than vamping around with the family in Mexico had been.

"How much? I asked him. 

It took him along time to recover from the shock of seeing a half-naked woman answer the door. Finally he said $19.75. I handed him the twenty and took the pizza box from him. He still stood staring as I started to close the door.

"I'm sorry," I said. I don't have any more for a tip."

"Uh, that's okay."

Then I reached out with one hand and stroked his rapidly growing prick through his trousers. I looked at him with a lascivious smile and asked, "How about a hand job?

As he continued to stare at me I turned and set the pizza box on the floor and then reached for his prick with both hands, quickly opening his fly and reaching inside to massage his now rigid prick through his jockey shorts. There was already a growing stain where his precum was soaking through his underwear.

"Uhh, sure," he said.

"Good. I wouldn't want you to go away thinking we hadn't treated you right." I released his belt and pulled his pants and underwear to the floor as I dropped to my knees before him. Now his prick was sticking straight out bobbing before my face. I don't think I had ever bothered to look at his face, but I will never forget that long thin rigid prick of his. This was absolutely the most outrageous I thing I had ever done. 

I stroked his cock with both hands and he groaned. Once I was sure he wasn't going to run away, I reached behind myself and snaked one hand into the pizza box. I dragged it across the top of pizza so it was covered with grease. Then I reached around and used that grease for lube. 

Soon he was leaning forward with both of his hands hanging on the top of the door jam to hold himself up as I used one hand to stroke his now greasy prick. The other hand was massaging his balls. I looked up at him and saw that his eyes were closed and he was moaning. It wasn't going to take him long. When I was sure he was about to blow, I pulled his prick down so it was pointed at my tits. He groaned a deep guttural groan and shot several huge pulses of his hot sticky cream onto my T-shirt. I'd never seen so much jism come out of one cock. He must have been saving it up for a month. I kept pumping him just to make sure I had collected all of his cum on my shirt. There was some on my hand and I just wiped it on the shirt just below where the rest of his cum had splattered. 

I looked up at him with my best smile and asked, "Will that cover it?"

"Oh, fuck yes." He stuttered a bit as he talked. 

It covered a lot of my shirt too, I thought to myself.

"Well, have a nice evening," I said as I closed the door. As the door clicked I said to myself, "Fuck, I can't believe I did that. What is happening to me?"

I didn't say a thing when I walked back into the kitchen. The others were staring at the huge cum stains on my T-shirt. I set the pizza box on the table, took a long pull on my beer.

Art opened the pizza box as I sat down and looked at the mess my hand had made. "What happened here," he asked. I think all three of them were a little concerned about what my answer might be.

"Don't worry," I said. "It was just my hand. The twenty didn't cover the tip so I offered him a hand job, and I needed lube."

"Fuck," Art said in admiration. "You're as bad as your sister."

"Thank you," I responded as I pulled out a dripping slice of pizza. "It really is greasy pizza. Makes great lube." 

Linda looked at me for a moment. Then she took a slice of pizza and wrapped it around Art's erection. She slid it up and down a couple of strokes to make sure he was well greased, and then she began eating the slice with one hand while she stroked Art with her free hand. Art gasped and was obviously trying hard not to bite his tongue off along with the piece of pizza he had put in his mouth just before Linda assaulted him.

Linda set her pizza down, took a long pull on her beer, and then said to me, "Amanda, you have come a long way since the beginning of our Mexico trip. I think you might be almost as slutty as your sister."

Whoa, I thought. Is that a compliment or an insult? In this crowd it is probably a compliment.

"Did you really blow the pizza dude?" she asked. 

"No," I confessed, "It was just a hand job. The pizza wasn't hot enough to earn a blow job." 

That had all three of them laughing (and Larry choking on his pizza). I was still wondering how I had become so debauched. 

Finally when he could talk again, Art said, "So Amanda, since you seem to be leading this show tonight, what shall we do next?" Linda was still stroking his prick with her pizza-greased hand. 

I put a fingertip to my lips, chewing the nail lightly and obscenely while I thought about his question.

I looked at Art and finally spoke slowly, trying to sound as nasty and slutty as I could, "I want you and Larry to stand in front of me and jerk off until you spray my tits with your cum, and I want Linda to eat me while you do that. Oh and Linda, can we find that cucumber. I think I want you to fuck me with it while you eat me." They were all looking at me like they had never seen me before. While they stared I pulled my cum soaked T-shirt over my head and then held out my tits and said, "Well, how about it boys. Can you put as much cum on my tits as the pizza dude did?"

And they did. They just fucking drowned my tits and my face with their cum and I was screaming with my what, third or fourth, fuck I didn't know, orgasm of the day as Linda fucked me with the cucumber and used her oh so talented tongue to caress my pussy and my clit until I was screaming for mercy. 

As I fell back in the chair gasping in recovery from my orgasm, cum dripping from my nose, my chin, and my nipples and streaming down my breasts, I said to myself, "My god, what kind of debauched family have I got? I had no idea before our trip to Mexico a few weeks ago, what these people were like. And even worse, I seem to fit right in."

The evening went on like that with all four of us taking turns doing each other until about two in the morning. I particularly remember one point in the evening when I was on all fours sucking Larry's prick. Linda was sitting on his face facing away from me while Larry licked her clit and fondled her tits. Meanwhile Art had dropped to his knees behind me and shoved his big fat cock into my pussy. He didn't have near as long a cock as Larry but it was very big around and filled me to the brim. Somehow we all managed to climax more or less simultaneously and then tumble to the floor in a tangle of arms, legs, and bodies.

Finally when we were all pretty much worn out, Larry gave me a ride home. All I could find of my clothes to wear were my sandals and my cum-stained T-shirt. I never did figure out what happened to the shorts I had been wearing in the morning. I took a chance that my neighbors were sound asleep at that hour and sauntered brazenly from the car to my front door, naked from the waist down. I actually enjoyed walking half naked up to my front door. If I hadn't been so tired, I might have tried walking around the block.

The next morning was a Sunday, and I had committed to go to church with my parents. Fortunately it was an 11:00 o'clock service so I was able to get some sleep before going to church. As I sat in the pew more or less ignoring the sermon, I was wondering if getting involved with my sister Linda and her debauched relatives was a mistake. By the end of the service I had decided that it was the best thing that had ever happened to me. I couldn't wait for more.