 (This is a belated follow-on from my story about Amanda being seduced, published only five years later...you can find it under my authorship)



I lay back on the bed, feeling the softness of the duvet under my bare back, my hand now between my legs. I was touching myself, rubbing my pink pussy, feeling how wet I still was. My hole was still leaking sticky fluids. I had felt stretched, very stretched, by Jayne's fist. But now I felt empty. I needed filling once again. I wanted to tell her this, but she had disappeared next door, into the walk-in wardrobe, closing the door behind her. 

I fiddled with the radio station, changing it from Radio 4 to Capital Radio. I wanted to hear some pop songs while I waited for Jayne to get ready. The thought of her str*p-on filled me with excitement, and apprehension. I had no idea what it would look like, let alone feel like. What she would look like wearing it. My mobile buzzed. It was a text message, from Will. Oh no! I'd forgotten all about my boyfriend's 19th birthday party. It was starting in five minutes, and he wanted to know where I was. And there I was, lying naked on Jayne and Jon's bed, my thighs sticky with juice from where Jayne had pushed her whole hand into me. There was no way Will could know what was going on. So I replied, saying I was just getting ready, that I would be there soon. He texted back, saying he'd called my parents and I wasn't there. This irritated me a bit. I said I was changing at Janice's house and I'd be over asap, nothing to worry about. I wish he'd just leave me alone sometimes. I wondered where Jon and James were, whether they were still at the pub, whether they might be home soon. I wanted Jayne to hurry up, I felt all shivery at the thought of touching her – and being touched by her – once again. 

When she emerged in the doorway she looked very different. It wasn't just the harness around her waist, the black leather straps which curved around her bottom and back again. Nor the large black plastic cock which protruded, obscenely, from her centre. She had also changed her lipstick to a much darker red. And she had tied her hair back, scraped it back across her forehead. It gave her, I don't know, a more strict appearance I suppose. But it was still my lovely Jayne of course. She was clutching a cold bottle of champagne and two glasses. She put them down and forced the cork out of the bottle. "A toast," she said, coming towards me, planting a kiss on my mouth.

"To me and Amanda. To our first fuck!"

I smiled back at her. "I can't wait."

She poured out the fizzy drink, patting my knee as she passed me the tall flute. "It may go to your head a bit," she warned. "But that's no bad thing." The glass was really big, but I knocked back half of it in one gulp. I was in that sort of mood. Trying new things, being adventurous. I couldn't help looking down between her legs, how unnatural it looked, her with her lovely ripe tits but also a big organ, sticking out from above her pussy. 

"Drink up," she said. "I want you kneeling between my legs, sucking me off."

It only took me seconds to drain the glass and drop it on the duvet, taking my place where she ordered. Jayne remained on the bed, legs wide apart, daintily sipping at her champagne flute. 

I instinctively knew what she wanted. Kneeling, I held the base of her plastic cock and began to lick the head of it. It was big. Eight inches, maybe, and very thick. "It's much bigger than Will's", I said. 

"That's right, big," she murmured, running her hands through my hair. "So thick and big, take it in your mouth. Such a big thing. I want it nice and wet with your saliva."

I wanted to impress Jayne, and please her, so I took my time, running my tongue down the shaft and up again. Sucking on the end. I knew she couldn't feel it but she was taking obvious pleasure from the sight. The dildo had thick artificial veins along the stem, unlike some of the smoother ones I'd seen in pictures before. I wondered what it was going to feel like buried in my cunt. "Such a good sucker, lovely, I knew you would be a fluent cock-sucker the minute I saw you," she told me. "My cock, not Will's cock."

She was pushing my head down on her fake prick, but I could only take half of it into my mouth, it really was that big. 

Suddenly Jayne told me that she wanted me to stop sucking her off, and to get down on my hands and knees like a good girl. I knew what was coming next. The anticipation was making me so wet. I was literally dripping between my thighs, my labia swollen and damp with the knowledge of what was to come. I clambered up on to the bed, face down against a pillow. I reached back, obedient, spreading my bottom to give her easier access. Jayne took her time. At first she just crouched behind me, licking. I could feel her tongue everywhere. The inside of my thighs. My pussy lips. Even, glancingly, against my arsehole. I shivered, involuntarily. 

"Take me," I told her. "I'm all yours. Fill me up."

And then she was up close, pressing against my backside, leaning forward so I could feel her hard nipples brushing against my spine. She reached around and put her hand over my mouth, gently, and started to whisper in my ear. I felt her hardness brushing against my bottom, pushing between my buttocks, insistently. She told me she was going to take me, slowly at first, then hard. That she was going to make me her whore, her bitch, her slut. I don't know why but those words made me even more creamy between my legs. That language. It just made me feel like I needed to be fucked, hard, immediately. Her hand felt hot against my mouth, grasping me. She was sliding one finger, then two, between my lips. Right then, I felt like I would do anything for Jayne, anything she told me. It was no surprise when she started to rub the head of her cock between my pussy lips, nudging the fat thickness against them, teasing me. And then it was inside, just slightly, slowly starting to fill me up. I gasped. I knew it was big. But God it felt huge. So much bigger than Will could ever feel. Jayne knew what she was doing, pushing only slowly into me, letting my muscles relax around her fake prick. It took ages before I felt totally filled, the full eight inches deep inside me. 

Jayne began to shift herself against me, moving in and out. Humping me. I sucked on her fingers as I felt her enormous cock stuffing me so deep, so full. I was making some kind of noise, primal, I couldn't help myself. I wished I could watch in a mirror, the huge, black organ, attached to Jayne's waist, pumping in and out of my young, pink pussy lips. What a slutty sight we must have made. Jayne was almost out of breath, she was fucking me so hard, calling out my name, calling me a "delicious slut", "my beautiful young bitch", forcing me down into the pillow as she screwed me. Watching her big black dong, slick with my juices, pumping in and out of my hole. I realised that she had one finger pressed against my arse, just pushing, not forcing, while she stuffed my pussy with her big dick. And then the finger was opening me up, entering, probing. She was inside me, up to the knuckle, and pistoning in and out. It felt so dirty, so wrong, but the sensation inside my tight little virgin arse were so intense, so good and so different. 

I didn't notice the door open, didn't hear Jon and James come in. Not until they were standing by the bed. I turned my head to one side, and could see them both, just a few feet away, watching intently. Jayne spoke to them: "You're not joining in, not yet," she said. "She's all mine, for now."

Both men were staring as Jayne continued to fuck me for what seemed like ages. Jon didn't look particularly phased but you should have seen James's face. He looked stunned, surprised, as he watched his older "girlfriend" stuffing me. I felt slightly smug. Excluding him. I didn't realise that it wouldn't be just me and Jayne for much longer. That we would all be sharing each other – very soon. She now had two fingers in my arse, and I was glad it was still nice and greasy from our earlier bath. They slid in so easily, it surprised me. The feeling of being entered in two holes was driving me crazy, pushing me towards another peak. I knew I would be there soon, a minute, maybe two, and I would be having the most astonishing come. 

That's why I was a bit surprised when Jayne suddenly pulled out her fingers, and then her dong, leaving me on my hands and knees, in the doggy position, my pussy empty. I looked around, to see what was going on. I felt a bit cheated, I must admit. 

Jayne was asking the men who wanted to take who. In a way I didn't like that, it made me feel like a piece of meat, but on some level it was incredibly sexy. I felt like such a....what was the phrase....what had she called me earlier..."a dirty, slutty bitch".  

"OK", she told me. "Stay where you are. Jon wants to fuck you now. You are alright with that, aren't you?" She looked at me, face full of concern, wanting to reassure me that everything was alright. Right then, I was feeling so horny, so insatiable, I would have done it with almost anyone. 

Both men had stripped, quickly, and all four of us were naked. Jon and James were both sporting stiffies, their cocks sticking out with lust. I noticed that Jon, though older, was much bigger-built, more muscular I suppose, while James was very lean.

That's how I found myself face down again, with Jayne next to me, both of us on our hands and knees, but next to each other on the big bed. She looked so strange, in the passive position, while her big plastic dick hung between her legs, still wet from my cunt juices. James was rubbing some kind of lube into her bottom. Jon was pushing two oiled fingers into my arse. I realised what was going to happen. We were both going to be fucked, anally, at the same time on the same bed. I must admit - I was excited at the thought.

Jayne reached out to hold my hand. "It's going to be alright, honest, darling," she whispered. I looked across. James already had the purple mushroom-head of his organ inside her little arsehole and was starting to insert his length into her. Jon, meanwhile, was twisting three fingers inside my passage. It felt a little sore, but I could feel the nerve endings in my arse responding to his probing. 

"Go on Jon," I said, under my breath. "Give it to me. The whole thing."

And then he was positioned behind me, and I could feel the width, the fat width of his cock as he slowly pushed it into me. I was biting my lip, scared of how much this could hurt. And then he was there, entering me, pushing it into my tight, tight arse. I looked across at Jayne, who was now being buggered, James fucking her bum in slow, sure strokes. "That's it Jon, oh yes," I urged him. "Stuff me". Soon, unbelievably, he was all the way inside. His balls were touching by bum cheeks. 

I wondered, momentarily, whether I should be at Will's party. My boyfriend's party. And then the movement started. Ever so slowly. He let me relax, getting used to the size of his fat log, filling me, so deep. 

And then it started. The strange, deep feeling, deep in my bowels, like the feeling I get before I come, but not in my pussy. In my arse. As he started to pump me, reaching around to touch my clit - and as I watched Jayne taking it in the same place – I felt this swelling, this feeling deep inside. I knew I was going to come and it would be quite unlike anything I had ever felt before. My bottom felt incredibly....I don't know...stretched. James was now screwing Jayne really fast, thrusting in and out of her, I could see that they were both close to coming. I wanted to come too. Instead, I watched as James gripped her neck, grunting with pleasure, and rammed into her again, again and again. When he pulled out his dick, in a condom I noticed, her arse looked dilated and red.

For some reason, Jon had also stopped pumping me, even though neither of us had come yet. Instead, he started to withdraw. "No," I pleaded. "Keep it in me. Don't stop. I need your cock in my arse. I'm loving it too much." 

But it seemed that the others had other ideas for me. I wondered if they'd planned it all beforehand. 

Jayne was now lying on her back, in the middle of the bed, stroking the dong now back between her thighs. She urged me to clamber on to her, to hold my lips wide as I slid down on to her. I accepted the now-familiar dildo deep into my pussy. And then there was James, standing by the bed, offering his cock – which was hard again – for my mouth. I licked the tip, which was bloated and purple, then started to suck the liquid which was seeping from the slit of his bell-end. Soon he was right inside my mouth, enclosed between my lips, and I was licking his whole length. 

And I could feel Jon, standing behind me again, pushing his cock back into the tight, forbidden passage from which he had just removed it. I was in a sandwich. And God I felt good. One prick in my pussy, one in my arse, and another between my lips and all over my tongue. I was pressed against Jayne's breasts, and the feeling was just heavenly. Jon was controlling the pace and the rythmn of our mutual fucking, thrusting me forward on to Jayne's plastic penis. I slurped on James's cock, trying to keep it in my mouth as the pace of the fucking intensified. It was Jayne who was shouting out, calling me a beautiful whore, a delicious slut, telling me to beg for it in both holes. 

It was hard with a dick in my mouth but I was able to do as she demanded. "Yes, yes, please, oh god, I'm all that and more, your slut, your whore," I called out, James's hard penis still between my lips, as the pressure built. And built. And built. 

Jon was coming, I could tell, because I could feel the hot spurts of liquid bursting deep into my sore rectum. James was also coming, I knew that because I could taste floods of sticky goo all over my mouth. And Jayne, sweet Jayne, as I rode her faster and harder, she started to call out, in unison with me, and we came – a hot, rolling, deep, amazing orgasm - in sweet harmony. Together at last.