 I had just finished a cup of coffee and was about to start studying for my history lecture, when I realized I didn't have my notes. I looked around for a while; checked my desk, my book bag, even looked in my car, but they were nowhere to be found. I whipped out my phone and decided to send Max a text. She was a little more organized than I was and I figured there was a good chance she would have them, probably with her at work, being that we both had a test in a few days. I sent the text and waited for a response, cruising up to my room and checking my email and then flipping through Facebook posts. 

My phone vibrated a few seconds later, it was Max. 

"Yeah, I have them with me at work, want to come and get them?" 

I flipped out the phone's keyboard. "Yeah, I can swing by, what's the address?" 

"1217 Hempstead." The reply was almost instantaneous. 

I read the words on the screen and then flipped my keyboard back out. "Are you sure that's right?" 

"Yes." 

I counted the numbers in my head even though I knew I was right...1217, 1219. 

I ran down the stairs, out the front door, and crossed my driveway to the neighbor's. I pushed my finger against the doorbell and waited. 

The door opened and there stood Max in a red polo shirt and denim shorts. 

"That was fast," she said looking around for my car or a still smoking rocket ship that could have gotten me from there to here as fast. "How did you..." 

"Next door," I pointed. 

"Are you kidding me?" She asked and waved me inside. 

I stepped inside slowly and started looking around. "You aren't going to believe this," I said. "I live right next door, 1219. This is Mr. Hudson's house." I don't know why I said whose house it was, she obviously knew who Mr. Hudson was and looked at me like I was half crazy. 

"You live next door to James?" 

I looked at her a little embarrassed. Here I was in college and I still called him Mr. Hudson like I was seven. "Yeah, James," I started, "he moved into this place just before I left for Europe." I couldn't help but look around the place. I had been curious for longer than I could remember and there is something about seeing a person's home, their habitat, which answers questions you didn't even know you had. Little things say a lot, the kind of couch, how neat the place is, even the pictures on the wall. 

James' house was immaculately clean and neat. It was tastefully decorated, simple but modern with pictures of his little girl and him on the walls. It was a little thrilling to finally be inside. 

"I started working for him about eight months ago." Max said and the closed the door before heading back through the house. "Little Alice is asleep and I was just about to start studying for the history test." 

I followed her back to the kitchen were her book bag was setting on the counter next to a pile of books, papers, and flashcards. 

"Great place to work, huh?" I said. 

"Yeah, he's a great boss. The pay is great, he works around my school schedule, even gives me extra hours on the weekends if I want them." Max grabbed her stuff and started back toward the living room. "He's a lawyer, you know." 

"Yeah," I said. "I ran into him at the pool last weekend with Alice. I was lying out and we chatted." A little shiver ran through me as I remembered. 

I was lying out, working on my tan, when he came through the pool's gate with little Alice. He was wearing his trunks and a pair of flip-flops. I was glad I had on my sunglasses because I went over every inch of his body with my eyes; his broad chest with its faint dusting of curly brown hair, his thick legs and calves, and the bulge in the front of his trunks that I couldn't wait to see when he got out of the water. I couldn't believe how fit he was. 

"Julie?" Her recognized me and started toward my lounger with little Alice holding his hand and doing her best to keep up. "Is that you?" 

"I smiled and lowered my sunglasses. "Mr. Hudson. How are you?" I leaned forward hoping he would stare down at my chest, and waved at little Alice who smiled and grabbed onto her daddy's thick calf muscles with a childish, shy embarrassment. 

"Good. And you can call me James, Julie," he smiled down at me; his eyes running over my skin sent a chill through me. "How was Europe?" We talked for a few minutes and then he moved off to the pool and played in the shallow end with his daughter. I caught him looking back at me a few times and smiled. 

Ever since that day, I had been fantasizing about him. I would be sitting in my room, playing on my computer and watching his bedroom window across the space between our houses. The blinds were always closed, but I imagined him in there, getting undressed and sliding into bed. I don't know how many times I thought about sneaking over there, slipping through an open window on the first floor, and climbing into bed with him. How many nights had I laid in bed, a finger tracing around my cooze, while I wondered how big his dick was? What it feel like stretching me open, probing my darkness, and throbbing inside me. 

Max tossed her bag onto the coffee table and sat down on the couch looking through her notes. I sat down next to her and looked around the living room. I had known Max since school started, we had a few classes together, and we had gone to a few parties together. She was a good looking blonde, the perfect little cheerleader type, with a fit body, round breasts and an ass like a Brazilian supermodel. She always got plenty of attention everywhere we went, and she enjoyed it, sometimes picking the best looking guy in a group and taking him back to her dorm room, sometimes just teasing any number of guys at a party, literally bouncing from one to the next. As I sat there, I was a little jealous. Here she was working for the guy I had been dreaming about for over a week. I thought it about it, the relationship they must have. I guessed that they probably fucked a couple times a week. Why not? His wife had left him over a year ago and Max was there almost every day. 

"Are you fucking him?" I heard the words come out of my mouth before I realized I was saying them. 

Max turned and looked at me with a face that said she was a little astonished by the questions and little saddened by the answer. "I wish." 

"Really," I asked. "You are here every day. You, little miss, I get any guy I want?" I almost couldn't believe it. It just didn't add up. 

"Nope," Max said and grinned. "Don't think I haven't thought about it, trust me, I have. He's so fucking hot. But it's never happened. He's never even made a move on me." 

I looked at her and let my eyes go over her body thinking maybe there was something I missed. Some defect that I hadn't noticed before, but there wasn't. Max was like a Barbie Doll, every guy's perfect little fantasy. 

"Ever since I ran into him at the pool, all I can think about is sneaking over in the middle of the night and climbing into his bed." I said and we both laughed. "I can't believe you haven't thrown yourself at him. You know, walked through that door in the morning, stripped naked, and waited for him to head down those stairs." 

Max blushed. "I wonder what he would do." Her voice kind of trailed off as she stared over at the front door and imagined the scene. 

"I know what I would want him to do." I thought about myself standing there, my naked body waiting at the bottom of those steps. "I would want him to tear his clothes off as he came down those steps and then just grab me." I smiled as I thought about it, his arms wrapping around my back, sweeping me against that broad chest. I wanted to feel the strength of his body, the bulge of his cock pressed against me, the warmth of his skin. Just imagining it I felt myself getting excited. 

Max looked at me and smiled, pitying my quiet little fantasy. Then her arms were shooting out. I jumped a little as they swept around my back and pulled me in close to her. "Like this?" she giggled holding me against her, close enough to smell her shampoo. I didn't even have a chance to pull away, she was too fast. It was a playful move, but now we were face to face, our bodies pressed together, her arms around my back. I was rigid from the surprise, but felt myself relaxing as we looked into each other's eyes. I was just a few inches from her face. I had never thought about Max in any other capacity than a friend, but now I was in her arms, her breasts were pressing against mine. I felt my nipples start to harden, a slow heat rising between my legs. I didn't know what to do. I closed my eyes and leaned my face forward until our lips met. 

Max's lips were soft and full and firm. I kissed her softly and slipped my tongue between my lips to trace hers until she sucked it into her mouth and rolled her own across it. I felt my heart speed up and I slipped my arms around her neck. It felt so good, kissing her, being held in her arms. I tilted my head and covered her face in little kisses. I wanted her, I don't know why all of sudden like that, but I did. "You feel so good." I whispered. 

Sitting there, holding Max in my arms while our lips ran over each other's faces and necks, I almost couldn't believe what was happening. It was so different than any man I had ever been with. I slipped my hand along the back of her neck and tangled my fingers in her long blonde hair while her hands slipped under my t-shirt and traced the muscles in my back. It felt so good, the slow dance we were doing. I moved back to her lips and then backed away from her a little. I wanted more. I wanted her to take me, right there, on the couch. Her eyes were on mine. "Here," I said pulling my t-shirt over my head. My naked breasts slipped away from the rising fabric and bounced on my chest. Max's eyes grew wide. 

"Oh, my," she whispered while her hands slid from my back to my front and cupped each one. I looked down at them, my little B cups with their long, dusky nipples pointing out and a little upward. "Look at your nipples." Max leaned her head forward, stuck out her rough little tongue, and licked my left nipple. I shivered as the warmth spread through me and her breath washed across my skin. I felt myself getting wet. She sucked the hardened flesh between her lips as she squeezed the other one, and I couldn't stop the moan that escaped my throat. Max smiled. 

"Oh, you like that?" She rolled a string of kisses across my chest as I ran my fingers through her hair. I was on fire now, my little mound soaking my panties. 

"Mmm...hmmm," I bit my lower lip and closed my eyes wanting more, wanting all of her. I felt Max's hands move down to my legs. She laid them on my naked thighs and dug her fingers in a little. My breath caught in my throat. Was she going to do it? Was she going to touch me? I leaned back a little and spread my legs for her, inviting her to do what I ached for. 

Her hands slid up my thighs, under the hem of my shorts, and onto the sensitive flesh between my legs. I pushed me hips forward, begging her touch me, and she slid a finger over my panties, over the moist cloth that clung to the contour and shape of my mound. I shivered as she pulled me closer with her free hand, kissed me, and pressed her fingers against the top of my pussy. "Oh..." I moaned. "Yes." Our mouths opened and our tongues tangled while she stroked me over my panties and I kneaded her tits over her shirt and bra. I couldn't get enough of how good it felt, just making out with her. 

"Let's get rid of these," she said tugging on my shorts. 

I stood up and lifted her with me. "You too," I said breathlessly looking at her, her lips puffy and glistening. 

We stood up and started tearing each other's clothes off like it was a race to see who could get who naked first. Her hands worked the button on my shorts while I lifted her polo over her head and then reached around and unclasped her bra letting it fall to the floor to reveal her large, round breasts. I looked at her and smiled as they swayed with her body. 

"You like them?" She reached up and squeezed them together and I couldn't help but reach out and give her round little nipples a pinch. "Ooo... you do like them," she giggled. 

I unbuttoned her jean shorts and she shimmied out of them and her panties. Now we were both naked and staring at each other. Max was beautiful, the long blonde hair cascading over her shoulders, the round, heavy breasts, and the perfectly naked little muff between her legs. Everything about her turned me on. I wanted to touch her everywhere, lick my tongue across every curve. I stepped toward her and slid my arms around her neck and back. I wanted to feel the heat of her skin mine. We started to kiss and she slid her leg between mine and pressed her thigh up and against my wetness. I moaned and moved my hips against her muscles while our tongues tumbled against each other. I could feel myself sliding across her skin, the pressure building in my stomach. I couldn't help it; I was getting closer with every move we made. 

Max let go of me, laid back on the couch. She stretched like a cat before looking over at me with a mischievous grin. "Come here," she said, "I want to taste you." The words made my face go red. She held out her arms and touched my thighs pulling me toward her. "Come here and straddle my face, I want to suck you off." 

I knew that Max had been with other women, her roommate Katie for one, because she had told me about it on the way home from a party one night. She was drunk, looking out the window, talking about how nice it was to have a woman's touch, so gentle, so informed, and perfectly timed. How there was nothing better than watching a woman climax, their pussy wrapped tight around your fingers, their juices flowing out while they moaned and writhed. She was definitely taking charge of the situation here and the look in her eyes was ravenous and greedy. She was about to show off her skills, I could hear it in her voice. I moved closer to the couch, swung my leg over her body and wedged my knee into the cushions while she stared at my swollen mound with a covetous smile. Once I was over top of her face, her hands latched onto my hips, and she pulled me down onto her waiting mouth. 

Her hot breath covered me and then I felt my pussy lips spreading as she pressed against me and opened her mouth. Her stiff, hot tongue spread between my lips, slid through my wetness as she worked it from bottom to top and wrung the pleasure from me. I moaned and threw my head back. God, it felt so good; so hot, her practiced tongue flipping over my clit. I grabbed my breasts and squeezed them as the searing heat raced through me. Max felt how close I was and licked harder, lapped at my gash from bottom to top, pressing her tongue inside me, sucking the little nub of my clit in between her teeth. I was dissolving now, falling into the sensations that swept through me. I leaned back on one arm and started to thrust my hips in rhythm with her tongue. I bit my lower lip as she slid a finger into my wet darkness, swirled it against the slick insides of me, and nibbled on my little button. I was going over the edge. 

"Oh," I moaned. "I'm gonna come." I slid a hand behind me, in between Max's legs and found her cunt. As soon as my hand touched it, she thrust her hips I opened her wide ran my hands through her juices before dipping two fingers into her dripping hole; now we were both moaning, both thrusting our hips in rhythm. I closed my eyes and focused on the feelings running through me as I finger fucked Max and listened to her purr and moan. 

We were only a few breaths away. I could feel Max's pussy start to quiver, the flesh slick around my fingers, her moaning from between my legs. I couldn't hold on any longer. My breath went ragged. My back arched and I closed my eyes. Max's mouth latched on to my clit as my hips came forward and I went rigid, the orgasm banging through me, stiffening every muscle. She sucked and lapped at my essence, pressed her rough tongue against my clitoris and held it there. I felt my cunt let go. I looked down at Max as I flooded her mouth. She had her eyes closed as she swallowed over and over. 

I stood up off the couch and my knees were shaking. I had never had an orgasm like that. My brain felt like I had been drinking martinis, my muscles felt like I had just run ten miles. And Max was just lying there smiling up at me, licking her fingers clean. "You are bad," I said with a smile. "That was fucking amazing." 

Max sat up on the couch and I collapsed next to her, my hair covered in sweat, my skin glistening. "You tasted so good," she said and held a finger up to my lips. I slipped it into my mouth. I could tell from the look on her face, we weren't finished. The idea thrilled me. I had never had an orgasm like that with a man, certainly nothing like my body was currently recovering from, and the prospect of more was irresistible. I remembered a picture I had seen on the internet and I moved my legs out toward Max. She tilted her head trying to figure out what I was going for as I laid a hand on her thigh and positioned one leg over and one leg under my own. 

"What are you..." she started to ask, but I pulled us closer and our legs, scissor situated like they were, pushed out wet mounds together. "Oh my god," she moaned as I buried my head in her neck and gently thrust my hips forward, opening our pussies together, the soft, hidden flesh sliding against each other. "What the..." she sighed and I felt her cunt tighten against mine and her hips start to respond in rhythm. "Oh fuck," She moaned. I pressed my cunt a little higher until our clits lined up. As soon as the two little nubs found each other, we started all over again. The rush of desire possessed us. 

Max pulled my head away from her neck and we started passionately kissing, our tongues fencing between our lips, our hips rocking back and forth, driving us toward out next climax. I could feel our hearts pounding in our chests, out juices mixing between our legs. Max leaned back on her hands and started to grind her pussy hard against mine. "Oh, faster," she said, "faster, harder..." I leaned back and started to rock my hips against her, our pussies mashed together, our hard little clits flicking back and forth. "Oh, oh, oh..."Max's eyes were clamped shut, I knew she was about to come. I sped up, scrubbing my muff into hers with all the strength I had. She let out a little squeal of collapsed back onto the couch breathing hard. I smiled down at her, her blonde hair matted around her face, his hard nipples pointing at the ceiling and her gash red and swollen. 

The door handled clicked and we both froze. We watched it open and James walked in. He let the door close behind him and just stood there staring at both of us. He must have been watching from the front window because his dick was already rock hard, pointing up, and bulging near the top of his zipper. I looked from it to his face. I was still feeling the ebb of my last orgasm, my pussy still tingling from the onslaught of Max's fury. She had come before he walked in and I hadn't. I was close, but hadn't finished and James had interrupted. Interrupted and shown up with what appeared to be an enormous cock. 

"Well, we weren't expecting you for lunch," Max said still breathing hard. James just stood there looking back and forth between the two of us for what seemed like an eternity. His eyes kept moving from our glistening cunts to our nipples to our eyes and then back down to our legs. Max finally sat up, her healthy breasts bouncing as she did. His eyes were glued to them. "You know, this is really all your fault," she said. I looked at her but she didn't even glance at me. "Julie is in a couple of my classes and came over to get some notes. Then we started talking about you." He just stood there, his face confused. 
