 Copyright 2000 by Paul. All rights reserved. All events and Characters are fictitious.

For Rich, who made the mistake of saying nice things about my stories.

* * * *

We were on holiday taking a narrow boat cruise through the canals of northern England. 

I awoke in the morning next to Sally's warm body. 

I swallowed. My tongue felt furry and my throat dry. What was that wine we had drunk last night? Red. Cypriot. And awful. 

Gill had brought four bottles back with her when she and Lenny had holiday'd there in the spring. Lenny had gone but the wine had remained. I could see why he had left it. Although not so Gill. She was a cracker. Everybody's favourite. I thought it would be fun boating with two pretty girls when Sally had suggested bringing her with us to help her get over her break up with Lenny. It certainly wasn't working out that way. 

Sally was all right. We'd been together four months. We had both just finished our second years at University. We were on different courses and lived in different flats. This was to have been our trial living together to see whether we wanted to move in together permanently for our last year. She was normally very willing and certainly very fit. She liked running marathons and was in training for one in September. She'd be up soon for her early morning jog. I wondered if I could get a quick fuck out of her before she did. She wasn't a morning person normally, but it was worth a try. I slid behind her and pushed my prick between her ass cheeks. She pulled away. 

"Not now." She snapped sitting up in bed. "I've got to go for a run." 

"Oh come on." I said, reaching for a tit. "Just a quick one." 

She slapped my hand away. 

"No." She slid off the end of the bed. Her body had much better muscle definition than mine did. "Not with Gill on board." 

"Hey." I threw back the sheet showing her my hard prick. "What if Lenny was still with her. Would you say no then? We could be listening to them grunting and groaning now." 

"That would be different." She said pulling on her running shorts and putting on her bra and vest. 

"I don't see why." I picked up my prick and started stroking it. "We hardly ever do it nowadays." 

"We did it three days ago." 

"That was before we got on this boat." 

"You're going to say that you don't want Gill with us." 

"It was supposed to be just us." 

"Shush. Don't talk so loud. She'll hear." 

"She certainly won't hear us fucking." 

She looked hard at me. 

"You can be a right sod." 

"Oh fuck off." I was getting pissed off with her. I wanted a fuck. 

"Perhaps you should." 

"What?" 

"Leave." 

"Perhaps I will." 

"Right." 

"Right." 

We stared at each other. I held out my hand to her. 

"Get lost." She said and left. 

I heard the mumbling of voices then the flushing of the toilet. I heard the opening and closing of the outer doors at the far end of the boat. Then silence, except for the sound of an engine being started further down the moorings. Whether it was in preparation for departure or to re-charge their boat's batteries I didn't know. 

I needed a drink so pulling on my jeans and trainers I made my way into the sitting and kitchen area in the middle of the boat. Our bed was in the bow of the boat with Gills in the stern. We had to pass through hers to get on deck to operate the boat's controls. 

I lifted the kettle; it was half full, and, lighting the gas, set it on to boil. There was a movement behind me and I turned to catch the sight of a white calf and ankle disappearing into the small bathroom. I smiled to myself. I could hear Gill rustling yesterday's newspaper, that I had left in there for further study, in an attempt to mask the sounds of her bodily functions. She was partially successful. 

The toilet flushed and I heard the whine of the water pump as she ran the tap to wash her hands. The pump continued to whine as the shower ran. I imagined her standing beneath the flow. Water running down her body and between the cheeks of her ass. My prick started to grow again. I rubbed it through my shorts to relieve the pressure. The kettle had boiled and I had made two mugs of tea before the shower was switched off. She left the bathroom. 

"Tea?" I asked her back as it disappeared into her sleeping area. 

"In a minute." She called back. 

I waited thirty seconds. Drank from my mug then carried hers around the corner. She was leaning over her suitcase sorting through her clothes. Her towel had fallen to her ankles giving me full sight of her ass. I could see wisp's of hair between her thighs shielding her tightly closed pussy lips. She stood upright and turned towards me. 

She shrieked covering her tits and pubic hair with her hands and arms. 

"Your tea." I said, placing it on the small table by her bed. Without another word I turned and walked back into the sitting area. Taking my tea with me I sat on the 'L' shaped bench and switched on the TV set on the built in shelf in front of me. The early morning news was on. England were facing another collapse in they're batting in the latest test match. Cricket was a strange game; I mused, sipping at my tea. Couldn't be invented nowadays. I imagined a marketing man trying to sell this bright new concept to a TV company. 'It's played outside. Can last up to five days, weather permitting. Most matches will end in a draw. Nobody will seem to know the laws judging by the amount of spurious appealing for decisions that will take place. A lot of rubbing of the ball against testicles will take place.' Gill entered carrying her mug. 

"I'm sorry." She said sitting down just out of my reach. "Sally did say that a narrow boat was no place for modesty but only Lenny had seen me like that before." 

"I don't believe that." I turned to face her, resting my arm along the back of the seat. "I thought you had had lots of boy friends." "I've been out with a lot of boys, that's true. But they were all after one thing." 

I couldn't imagine what. 

"Only Lenny didn't try to get inside my knickers on the first date." She continued. "He was so patient and gentle." 

"Why did you split up then?" I asked. 

"He wanted things I couldn't give him." 

"Such as?" 

"I can't talk about things like that." 

"You can. I don't mind. It might do you good." 

"What were you and Sally arguing about this morning?" She changed the subject neatly. 

"The usual thing. Sex. Or the lack of it." 

"Is that because of me?" 

"Partly, I suppose. Also perhaps we are not really meant for each other. She has other interests." 

"Oh, her running. She does keep very fit." 

"So do you." I said, looking her up and down then staring into her eyes. 

"Don't be silly." 

"I'm not." I slid along the seat, my arm finishing behind her shoulders. 

I took one of her hands in mine. 

"Don't." She protested but didn't remove her hand. "Sally." 

"I told you." I turned her face towards me with my other hand. "We're finished." 

I leaned forward and kissed her. Gently at first, our lips hardly touching then harder. I opened my lips and probed between hers with my tongue. At first she stiffened then she relaxed, he lips parted allowing my tongue entry. She pushed against me with her own. Hesitantly at first then with greater force as her confidence increased. I lifted my hand and placed it on one of her tits, squeezing it through her T-shirt and bra. My other hand I ran through her hair. Hair still damp from her shower. 

I moved my other hand down to the buttons on her shorts. She stiffened again. 

"Relax." I murmured, looking into her eyes. 

"We shouldn't." 

"Shush." I encouraged. "You know you want to." 

"But Sally." 

"She's not here." 

I slipped onto my knees in front of her and almost tore the buttons from her shorts in my eagerness to undo them. She wore small, tight, pale green knickers beneath them. She lifted her ass as if in a trance as I pulled them both off. I lifted her thighs until her knees almost touched her tits then planted my lips on her slit. She gasped as I pushed my tongue inside her. Gasped again as I found and sucked on her clit. Keeping my tongue against it I pushed two fingers into her hole, working them from side to side, opening her. She moaned in disappointment as I lifted my head. I kissed her mouth whilst frantically unfastening my jeans to get my prick out and inside her before the spell was broken. 

I guided it to her opening and pushed. She opened her mouth as if to say something so I kissed it again. From this angle I could only get it half way in but that would do for me. I pistoned in and out. Shortening and quickening my strokes as I came closer to coming. She wrapped her legs around my back, pulling me closer with her heels. Suddenly she straightened, almost lifting herself from the seat as I started to pump my come into her body. I moved slowly in and out, clearing the last few drops from the end of my prick then pulled out of her and stood up. I fastened my jeans as she placed her feet on the floor. 

"What do we tell Sally." 

"Let's just keep it our secret for a while." 

"But you said you were finished." 

"She doesn't know that yet." 

"You Bastard." She picked up her shorts and knickers and stood up. "How could you lead me on and do that to me." 

It was easy, surprisingly easy. 

"Don't take it too heart. It was only a fuck." 

"A fuck. Was that all it was to you?" 

"What did you expect. My undying love and devotion." 

"I'll tell Sally." 

"Then she would be upset and you couldn't say you were raped or anything, could you?" 

"But you lied." 

"Not really." 

I saw two legs moving past the window by our heads. 

"She's back." I said pushing her towards the bathroom. "Get dressed." 

I went back into the kitchen area and filled the kettle. I was lighting the gas beneath it as Sally joined me. 

"You weren't long." I said. She was normally gone at least an hour. 

She wrapped her arms around my waist. 

"I was thinking about you." 

I turned to face her. Her face was flushed and there were beads of sweat on her brow. 

She placed her arms around my neck and pulled my lips down to her own. Her lips opened for my tongue. 

We pulled our mouths apart and she looked up into my eyes. 

"You're right. I haven't been giving you as much attention as I should." She rested her head on my chest. I looked over her head into Gill's eyes. She looked furious. I smiled at her. She stormed off into her sleeping area hitting the door of the bathroom as she passed. 

"You can't do much about it with Gill on board." I said, running my fingers down her spine. "Perhaps we could ask her to go to the shops. We need a newspaper and some fresh bread. I'll go and speak to her while you have a shower." 

"Alright." She kissed me again. "It sounds as if she's finished in there."

I patted her ass cheeks as she entered the bathroom then continued down the short corridor to Gill's area. I found her sat on her bed with tears running down her cheeks. 

I sat by her side and put my arm around her shoulders. She shrugged it off. 

"You're a Bastard." She said with feeling. 

"Shush, not so loud. Sally will hear." 

I replaced my arm around her shoulders and turned her face towards me. 

"I'm not sorry what happened." I said, brushing away her tears. "We can't undo it. And we can't tell Sally. You know that."

I felt one of her tits. So firm. I could feel the nipple hard beneath my palm.

She stiffened. 

"Shush." 

I murmured, gently squeezing and releasing. I kissed her lightly on the lips. The toilet was flushed behind me and the water pump whined again as the shower was turned on. I let my hand fall to her thighs. She automatically parted them. I rubbed the outline of her pussy through her shorts then slid my hand inside one of its legs and onto her panties. Pale green, I remembered. Their front was wet. I pushed against them. She opened her legs wider. I forced my fingertip to the top of her slit and found the hard bud of her clit. I rubbed it as hard and as fast as the cramped conditions inside her shorts allowed. She gasped then started to breathe heavily. Then shorter and faster breathes as I kept my finger moving. Her thighs suddenly closed around my hand as she gave out a deep sigh. 

The shower was turned off and the whine of the water pump ceased. Sally stepped from the bathroom, a large towel tied around her breasts, furiously rubbing her hair with a second, smaller, one. 

"Oh Sally." I called standing up and adjusting my hard on so that it wasn't obvious. Gill watched and smiled.

"Yes, Rich." She stood by my side. I reached behind her and felt her ass cheeks through the towel.

"Gill's happy to walk to the village." She had a glow to her cheeks. "Aren't you Gill?"

The hesitation was almost imperceptible. "Of course. What do we need?" "Bread, a newspaper, some beer and wine and something for tea. We can have cold meat sandwiches for lunch if we're moving." "We could always stop here today and go to the pub tonight for something to eat. They're bound to do food." I suggested, lifting the towel at the back. "Alright." Gill said standing up and taking some money from the purse she took from under her pillow. "I shouldn't take more than an hour." "Don't rush." "I only hope he hasn't asked you to carry to much." Sally sounded doubtful. 

"You're the strongest." I was finally touching her naked ass cheeks. "You go tomorrow." 

Gill's eyes seemed to light up a little.

"I'll go this time." She walked to the four steps that led up to the deck. "See you later." 

I said, turning Sally towards our end of the boat, giving Gill a sight of her ass cheeks as I did so. A quick glance over my shoulder showed me she'd seen. In fact, she seemed to be studying them intently. I stepped between them and heard the door close behind her. 

"You didn't let her see my bottom?" Sally asked as we reached our bedroom. "What's it matter? She's got one the same. Don't worry. She knows what we're going to do." 

"You didn't tell her?" 

"No. But she isn't that stupid." 

I stopped close behind her and, reaching around her front undid the towel and let it fall to the floor. I cupped a tit in either hand and felt them. She pushed her ass cheeks back against my prick. It was hard in seconds. "You do need it." She said stepping away and lying on the bed. 

She was right, I thought as I undressed. Having Gill had been fun but it had been quick, hurried. I wanted a long slow fuck. I lay by her side and felt her pubic mound before probing inside her pussy with my finger. She took my prick in her hand and stroked it. I pushed a second finger into her hole. I kissed her. Then slid down the bed and sucked on one of her nipples keeping my fingers moving in and out of her. She arched her back and bent her knees. Taking that for the sign she was ready I moved over to kneel between her thighs and she guided my prick to her open pussy lips. I pushed deep into her with my first thrust. I pulled out, then slid back in again, slowly. Repeating and repeating the process. She arched her back and raised her hips to meet each thrust. Her pussy gripping and releasing me. Noises were coming from her throat. Her hips rotated, following each movement of my prick. Without prompting she lifted her legs to place her heels upon my shoulder. I was deeper inside her with each thrust. I could feel then hear her coming. It drove me on to quicken myself. Faster strokes. Still so deep inside her. She was so wet I slipped out once. She reached for my prick and almost stuffed me back inside. I could feel my balls lifting and I was there. I slammed as hard as I could into her. Bringing her off again as I pumped and pumped my sperm inside her. She gasped as I pulled out. 

She lay there, bent in half, holding her ankles by her ears. Her pussy open, glistening. As if offering it to me. I lowered my mouth to it and licked, first the outside, then, using my thumbs to spread them, inside of her moist lips, tasting her juices and my own come. Her clit was standing proud; twice it's normal size. She cried out when I sucked it into my mouth. I pushed a finger into her pussy as I worked her clit with my tongue and lips, then, removing it, pushed it against her anus. She gave a moan of protest as I slid it into her rear hole, working it from side to side. Her breathing was coming in gasps. Her anus squeezed my finger hard. A series a 'Ahs' escaped her lips as she lowered her thighs to grip my head. 

Her body tensed, then relaxed with a sigh. I worked my finger in and out of her anus a few more time then pulled it out and, planting a full kiss on her pussy, rolled onto my back. 

"Oh." She said with feeling. "That was wonderful." 

"We could be doing that all the time if we didn't have Gill with us." She said the words I wanted to hear. "We can't make her leave." 

I heard the door at the far end of the boat open. 

I stood up and pulled on my jeans. Gill couldn't be back so soon, surely? 

I walked into the sitting area, buttoning up my shirt. Gill walked towards me followed by a tall, thin man with greying hair, in his early fifties who looked familiar. 

"This is Bruce." Gill introduced us. 

The name sounded familiar. 

"He lives permanently on the boat two up with his friend David. They're having problems with their car so I suggested that, as you are doing a course in Mechanical Engineering, you might be able to sort it for them." I wasn't exactly doing a course in motor mechanics but I did know how an internal combustion engine worked. 

"I'll just get my shoes on." I said and headed back into the bedroom. 

I followed Gill and Bruce up on deck, remembering to stop and switch on our own engine and set it to idle to re-charge our own batteries. Then down the two step gangplank, past the empty boat, probably owned by weekenders, on to the next with a seventies Ford Cortina parked on the grass verge near by. How it ever got through its annual roadworthiness test was a mystery to me. It looked more rust than car. A bald man also in his fifties with a belly that showed the signs of too many pints of beer straightened up from under the bonnet. 

"I don't know what's wrong with it this time?" He said, stepping back and looking at me as I would another man if he showed interest in the woman whom I was with. 

"Never mind, John." Bruce reassured him, touching him on the shoulder. "We have an expert." 

"Will somebody try switching it on?" I asked, looking at the pile of grease and dirt in the engine compartment. 

Bruce sat behind the wheel and turned the switch. The battery tried to turn the engine. It was firing but nothing was happening. 

"Fuel." I said. 

"There is fuel in it." John said. 

"It's not making it from the fuel tank to the combustion chambers." I said, squeezing the top water hose and looking for the bubble of air in the expansion tank. Nothing happened. "When was this car last serviced?" 

The two men looked at each other. 

"MOT'd?" 

"We only use it to go to the shops and back once a week." Bruce was out from behind the driving seat and watching my actions intently. 

"Could just be you need a new fuel pump. Sometimes they seize up if the vehicle isn't used. Do you have a hammer?" 

"I'll get it," said John, stepping on board with surprising agility for a big man. He returned with a claw hammer. 

I took it from him, located the fuel pump and, with difficulty because of its position, gave it a sharp couple of taps. 

"Try it now. " I said. 

"What's he doing." I heard Sally ask behind me. 

"Fixing our car." John replied. 

Bruce turned the key and the engine whined, spluttered then burst into life. 

"Well done young man." Bruce said standing up. "You certainly fixed that." 
