 I had been trying to hatch this little plan of mine for some time which involves my wife of six years. Some might say it was a devious plan but in my view, it was a necessary plan to save our marriage. I'll let you be the judge. 

The plan was sure-fire if I could implement it but the problem was executing it. Unexpectedly, the perfect situation arose giving me the opportunity to set my grand plan in motion. 

Before I get into the nitty-gritty of the plan, let me tell you a little about my wife and myself. My name is Ken Bakersfield; I'm thirty-two years old and married to a beautiful twenty-nine year old woman. This is my second marriage and we have no kids because of my vasectomy that was performed while I was married to Julia, my first wife. 

Both Julia and I were twenty-one when we tied the knot. We were both juniors in college and began living together mainly to save on living expenses. The following year, after graduating, we decided to get married primarily because my wife insisted on it. She said her parents would not tolerate her living with a guy without being married. That's kind of crazy because we had been living together for a year. However, her parents didn't know about our living arrangement at college and since we were going back to her hometown after graduating, they would surely find out. Her parents were very well off and promised her a dowry of sorts when she married. The dowry consisted of a $100,000 bank account wedding present. I wasn't too crazy about tying the knot so young but did so because she was a knockout, fun to be with, she loved sex and the thought of having $100,000 in our bank account was very appealing to me. The money part was especially attractive after skimping during my college years. So we got married immediately after college. 

We found out one month before we graduated that Julie was pregnant. So, I was not only married at a very young age but also a father of a daughter eight months after we married. 

Having a child was no big hardship because through Julie's father's connections, I landed a good job at a national stockbroker firm making very good money. We also had the $100,000 bank account. 

Three months after Julie had our baby, she was pregnant again! I was a little pissed at this situation because I wanted her to use some birth control. But she was Catholic and would not use birth control and I refused to use a condom like I did during our college years. Nine months later she gave birth a beautiful baby boy. So...less than two years into our marriage, we had two kids! Here is the kicker! Two months after giving birth to our second son, she was pregnant again! Damn, her ovaries must have been just waiting for a few stray sperm to show up and then, bam!! We had another baby boy. Don't get me wrong, I love kids and I especially love my kids. But three children are all I wanted. I decided to get a vasectomy much to the chagrin of my wife. 

Our marriage tranquility began to slowly diminish after our third child. I don't know if it was my not wanting more children or some toxic thing that slowly and insidiously creeps into some marriages. She was never very interested in sex but don't get me wrong. She always accommodated my desires but she never initiated sex and that sort of pissed me off. I wanted for her come on to me occasionally but she said she never felt horny unless I aroused her. But even after arousing her she was never into experimenting new things or new positions..stuff like that. It was sort of like, "Okay, fuck me if you have to, but get it over with quickly." 

We drifted further and further apart in our intimate feelings toward each other and I began having affairs hoping to find something I was not receiving at home. It was inevitable that Julie would find about my affairs but the kicker was when she found out I was fucking one her best friends. That was the end of our marriage. After five years of marriage we decided to split. It was an amicable divorce and I get to see my kids two or three times a month. Julia remarried one year after our divorce to a seemingly good guy. In any event, my kids seem to like him. I wonder if he's getting better sex than I got? 

I met my current wife Brandi at one of our mutual friend's party. Brandi has an executive position with a large advertising firm. She is smart and sexy and the moment I met her, I was immediately smitten. 

Brandi is very well put together in all respects. She stands around five feet, nine inches, weights about 125 pounds give or take a pound. Her long brown hair comes down to her shoulders and her brown, dewy eyes could melt a lump of ice. She has a beautiful ass and no man can resist looking at her when she walks by. I know this is a bit weird but I love it when men look at her. Other men lusting for my wife turns me on. Brandi has beautiful tits that appear even larger because of her small waist. Yeh,...she is a knockout. 

We married about ten months after dating which is sort of a surprise given that I enjoyed being single again. However, there were several guys who were sniffing after Brandi like dogs in heat and I was afraid that I would lose her if we didn't get married. So, we tied the proverbial knot. 

We have a very good marriage in all aspects except perhaps sex. I must say that is my opinion, not my wife's opinion. My wife says that I'm oversexed. I just think I'm a healthy, normal male but I do stay in a constant state of horniness. Aren't all men like that? 

In the beginning, our married sex life was a continuation of our single sex life and that was a good thing. Sometimes we would have sex in the morning, other times we would have it at night. Sometimes we got horny watching television and fucked on the sofa or on the floor. We especially enjoyed fucking in the shower. Those fucking episodes were nice because she usually sucked my cock in the shower. Brandi has a penchant for cleanliness and I guess she thought my cock was about as clean as you could get it in the shower. 

Unfortunately, as time went by, these sexual escapades declined and our sex became a little routine and predictable. You know what I'm talking about ...like when sex becomes ho-hum after settling into a relationship. When a guy knows he can get it at just about any time and the thrill of pursuit and conquer is no longer there, well...it's just not the same. At least it wasn't the same for me. Also, for some reason she stopped giving me blowjobs unless I really forced the issue! That was really the kicker! When we first met, she gave great head and even let me come into her mouth. She was a great cocksucker and she seemed to relish it. She was very noisy when she sucked my cock. You know... sloppy kind of noisy. Slurping when she sucked is how I describe it. It was like she was relishing sucking my cock and that turned me on big time. I get shivers when I remember how she used go up and down the shaft of my cock with her lips and then lick my balls while she slowly stroked my cock. 

She knew exactly how to exert just the right pressure when she sucked. God, I loved those blowjobs! After we got married the frequency of oral sex waned although I continued performing cunnilingus on her because I love oral sex. I love the taste of a wet pussy and Brandi has a very lubricated cunt. Our frequency of sex went from every day to every other day and then every four or five days. Now I'm lucky if I get it once a week. Something had to be done and little did I know that the perfect opportunity would present itself. That, my dear readers, was my big surprise for Brandi. 

One evening my best and long time friend Jack and I were having a drink after work at our favorite watering hole. While we were enjoying our Ballantine Scotch and water and some casual conversation, Jack noticed an acquaintance of his with a group of people not far from where we were sitting. After a bit of waving trying to get his friend's attention, Jack's friend finally saw him. Jack waved him over to where we were sitting and in a few minutes his acquaintance joined us. 

Jack stood up and shook his friend's hand warmly. 

"Ken, this is one of my clients, Gregor Petrovic. Gregor, this is my good friend, Ken Bakersfield." 

Ken did a quick size up on Gregor. He stood about six feet tall, looked to be in his early forties, was well built and would be considered handsome by most women. He had penetrating blue eyes that looked..well..how can I put it? Let's just say they looked sort of sinister to me. 

Gregor held out his hand to Ken and said in a somewhat heavy Slavic accent, "So very nice to meet you, Mr. Bakersfield." Ken and Gregor shook hand firmly. Despite the accent, he spoke perfect English. 

"Please call me Ken. It's nice to meet you, Gregor," replied Ken looking straight into those blue eyes. 

"Okay, I will call you Ken," Gregor replied smiling. 

"How have you been, Gregor?" Jack asked. 

"I couldn't be better my friend. Business is good and life is wonderful. I'm doing very, very well," Gregor replied ebulliently. 

"Let me buy you a drink, Gregor," offered Jack. 

Gregor looked at his almost empty glass and said, "You are so kind. Thanks, Jack. I'll have a Stoli on the rocks with a twist." 

Jack instructed the bartender to give Gregor a Stoli vodka on the rocks on his tab. 

"What kind of business are you in, Gregor?" Ken asked trying to make idle conversation.. 

"I'm an arms dealer," Gregor replied. He quickly added, "It is all strictly legal, mind you. It's amazing what countries will pay for obsolete weapons." 

The simple facts were Gregor had made fabulous profits from dealing in arms. He was well known by the U. S. Department of Defense and was on their approved list of arms dealers. Gregor did business with dozens of countries and was very wealthy as a result. 

"I see," Ken replied somewhat in awe of actually meeting an arms dealer. To Ken, he did not look like the typical arms dealer he envisioned. 

"So, what have you been up to, Gregor?" Jack asked. 

"Not much. Just trying to stay out of trouble," Gregor replied with a grin. 

There was a pregnant pause when Gregor finally asked, "Jack, I'm glad you called me over. Are you coming to the party? You never come to my parties," Gregor declared in a somewhat pouting manner. 

"Party? What party?" Jack asked. 

"Oh, Jack, you know. My special party," Gregor offered. "The party I have once or twice a year." 

"Oh, yes. Come to think of it, I've heard about your special parties," Jack replied. 

"And, what have you heard?" Gregor smiled slyly. 

"I heard that one must be very ...let's say...open minded when attending your parties." 

"Well, that's true," Gregor smiled. "I prefer liberated, free thinkers at my party. No prudes..is that the correct term?" Gregor continued, "But Jack, I know you are certainly no prude which makes me very disappointed you have never attended one of my soirees. Some people would kill to attend my party! Just kidding of course," Gregor added. 

Ken was quietly listening to the conversation wondering what in the hell they were talking about. 

"Perhaps your friend, Ken would like to attend my party," Gregor said looking at Ken. "Are you married, Ken?" 

Before Ken could reply Jack chimed in and said, "He's married and his wife is a knockout!" 

"Well, in that case I would be remiss if I did not invite your friend and his lovely wife," Gregor declared. "The reason I asked if you were married is because my parties are for couples only. Special couples, if you will." 

"I've been told that your parties get pretty wild, Gregor. Are they swinger type parties?" asked Jack. 

Gregor reacted to the swinger party comment. 

"I hope whoever told you that did not tell you too much. A strict edict of mine is that details of my parties must be kept confidential for various reasons," replied Gregor in a serious tone. 

Gregor continued with a smile saying, "In answer to your question, let us say that very liberal people attend my special parties. I don't like the term 'swinger'. The word has such a vulgar connotation to me." 

"I've heard about your parties but no one ever gives me any details on them," Jack said. 

Gregor smiled broadly and said, "Ah, that is good! You've seen the Las Vegas television commercial about, What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas! Well, what goes on in Gregor's party stays with Gregor." Gregor laughed at his comparison. 

Gregor put his hand on Jack's shoulder and in a serious tone said, "I emphasize to people attending my parties to keep the details of the function to themselves or risk not being invited again. I have some very important and well-known people at my parties and discretion is so very important. Let me emphasize that no one wants to be excluded from my parties after they have attended one. No one! In answer to your question, Jack, regarding whether my parties are swinger parties...well, let's just say that the people attending my parties are very.. let's say, open-minded. Yes, that is a good description. They are very open-minded." 

Gregor turned to Ken to see his reaction and asked, "Are you open-minded, Ken?" 

Ken stammered a little at this question and finally answered, "Yeh, I'm pretty open-minded but I don't know about my wife." 

"Well, you never know about those things until you are in the proper environment," Gregor offered. "It is truly amazing what inhibitions are done away with when exposed to certain situations. I've seen this phenomena so many times. You would be truly amazed." 

"Who will be at this party?" Ken asked. 

"My friends will be at this party," he replied expansively. All are my very good friends such as Jack and yourself. My friends come from all walks of life. Some are very powerful people such as politicians, executives, et cetera and others are...well just working people. I have people of all ages. I think having all ages adds a little spice to the occasion, if you will. However, be assured all have a libertine view of life. I have many, many married couples attending if that makes you feel better, Ken." 

Ken was surprised that Gregor was already including him as one of his friends. 

Ken, remembering that Gregor said the party was just for couples turned to Jack, who was single and asked, "Are you going?" 

"Well, I guess it's time that I do. If I don't accept my friend's invitation, he'll surely be pissed at me, won't you, Gregor?" Ken replied. 

"I could never be mad at you my friend," Gregor smiled broadly. "Let's just say I will be very, very, very disappointed if you don't come this time." 

Ken thought Gregor's very, very, very reply to Jack's question was clear enough. He would not invite Jack again if he did not come to his party this time. 

Ken turned to Jack and asked, "Who would you take?" 

Jack thought for a minute and replied smiling, "I think I'll take Katelynn". 

"Katelynn, your assistant!" asked Ken incredulously. Jack and Katelynn had gone out to dinner with Ken and Brandi several times. Jack and Katelynn had been going out with each other for some time but Ken never seemed to be to serious about her. Of course, he was never serious about any of the women he went out with. 

"Sure. We've been to several parties together and the wilder the better for Katelynn. So she would be the logical choice." 

"Well, are you going or not?" Jack asked Ken. 

"Well, I guess I am but I don't know how to convince Brandi to go." 

"Just tell her that you've been invited to a party and that I'll be there with Katelynn," Jack remarked. "Tell her a lot of important people will be attending. Also, she knows Katelynn and will be comfortable in knowing that someone with whom she's very acquainted with will be at the party." 

Gregor chimed in, "I would suggest that you not tell your wife about the liberal aspect of the party. Just let things unfold and see how she reacts. She might surprise you. However, one thing you must know is that if you elect to stay at the party during the later hours, you must not be with the person you came with. That is the rule. I'm not saying that any intimacy is required but you must be with a person different from your date or spouse. If you do not want to participate in this aspect of the party you will be free to leave with no recriminations. But you cannot stay unless you agree to be matched to a person other than the person you arrived with. That, my dear friends,is the iron clad rule and is precisely why my parties are so much fun!" Gregor chuckled loudly. 

"I see," replied Ken a bit confused. "How do you do the matching?" 

"It is completely random," Gregor answered. "At the designated time, every man and woman is given a 6 inch by 6 inch card at random. On each card is a number. Every man's card will match with some women's card. The fun part is finding your partner. After you find your partner's card that matches yours, you pair up, make your introductions and do what you need to do. I have private rooms available and for every private room, there is a viewing room." 

"A viewing room?" Ken asked confused. "What do you mean by a viewing room?" 

"Ah yes. It's just one of my brilliant ideas that I incorporated into the building of my house. It is a little room with a one-way glass that allows the person or persons to see into the private room. But the occupants of the room cannot see you. . It can be very exciting watching and hearing a couple's behavior. The observed behavior may be just small talk or perhaps some intimate moments. Almost everyone who decides to go into the private rooms knows that someone may be watching them. Some people come to my parties just for this feature," Gregor explained." 

One of Ken's fantasies was the possibility of watching his wife engaged in sex with another man. Just thinking about the possible voyeurism involving his wife fucking another man or sucking another man's cock made his heart beat faster. This party was sounding better all the time. 

Gregor continued. "Some of the private rooms have a bed and other rooms are just smaller sitting rooms with a settee, etc. Many choose not to use the private rooms at all. They just enjoy themselves in the main living room area where there are several sofas, and throw rugs on the floor for lounging. I will also have some special entertainment going on to put everyone in the proper mood. But that will occur before the matching of couples. Watching the special show seems to put everyone in the proper mood, if you will." 

"I see," replied Ken in a somewhat confused state. "You must have a very big house." 

"I do, Ken. I do have a very big house. It was specially built for me and my special needs if you know what I mean." 

Ken did not have a fucking clue about his special needs but did not want to delve into it any further. 

Gregor continued his explanations of the pairings of couples. "At exactly 11:00 p.m. the pairings of couples occur. Then, later in the evening new number cards are dispensed that allow for threesomes to form. Many of my guests have said they enjoy the company of more than one person therefore I introduced this new activity. The threesomes might be two men and a woman or two women and a man. This aspect can be quite exciting. Again, these matches may lead to only stimulating conversation or maybe other exotic activities, if you know what I mean." Gregor winked. 

Ken just shook his head in amazement. "Jesus, this sounds wild." 

"I can assure you will not be disappointed," Gregor replied. "These are very educated and refined people. You will also find them to be extremely attractive guests. I have nothing against unattractive and unseemly people but not for my special parties. I am very selective whom I invite to my parties. Only the beautiful people at my party!" Again, Gregor smiled broadly." 
