 This story takes place the weekend after my first sexual encounter with Julie in the story "The Neighbor Girl Grew Up."

I hadn't seen Julie since our wild fuck fest on Saturday because I had a very busy week at work and it seemed like Julie was pretty busy seeing all her friends that were back from college for the summer. We did have a few flirty exchanges over email and text messages so I knew it wouldn't be long before we met again to continue what started last weekend. 

It was late Friday night (early Saturday morning) and I was just getting back home from having a few drinks with the guys after work. I parked my car in the driveway and was walking towards my front door when I heard a car pull up into Julie's parent's driveway. I could hear the base bumping from the stereo so I knew it wasn't her parents. I decided to stall a little at my front porch to see who it was. The car pulled in quickly and soon after two girls jumped out saying "thanks for the ride. See you later!"

As the car was pulling away I watched Julie and one of her friends walk up the driveway giggling and clutching each other as they both tried to help the other navigate the driveway in their high heels. They were obviously coming home from partying with their friends because both were wearing very revealing "clubbing" outfits and both seemed a little drunk. I watched as the two very sexy girls approach the front door and my cock twitched a little as the porch light revealed the extent of their sexiness. 

Like I mentioned, both were wearing pretty skimpy outfits that did a great job of showing off their naughty little bodies. Julie is a hot little blond with a very tight and tanned body. She was wearing some sexy little shorts that showed off her toned legs and sweet little muffin ass. Her pink top tight and low cut enough to give a nice glimpse of her perky c-cup tits. I wouldn't say she looked slutty but she was definitely showing off her body.

Julie's friend, on the other hand, was dressed slutty. She was short like Julie, but had a deferent, but equally as sexy body. This girl had some curves! She was wearing an extremely short skirt that bounced a little when she walked, giving me quick little peeks at her awesome bubble butt. Being an ass man, this was the first thing that caught my eye. Shortly after, I noticed the skimpy little top that barely covered her large bouncy melons. She was wearing one of those backless shirts that only had thin ties around her back and neck and just loosely covered her chest and stomach. I couldn't help but stare as her tits and ass bounced down the walkway towards Julie's front door. As they reached the front door, they both looked over at me, whispered to each other, and then started giggling before going inside. 

After I shook myself back to reality after the sexy display I just watched, I went into my house and didn't give it much more thought. About 30 minutes later, after I had changed into some sweats and was brushing my teeth before hitting the sack, I heard my phone beep from receiving a text. When I picked up my phone to see who would be texting me so late my heart skipped a beat and my cock jumped in my pants.

The text was from Julie and it said, "Still awake? Can you come over for a sec?" 

I was shocked. Did she really want me to come over with her friend over there? Was her friend still over there? Could she be asking me over for the reason I suspected? Despite these questions I wasn't about to wait to find out. I put some slippers on and headed next door with a semi hard cock bouncing in my sweatpants.

When I knocked on the door my heart was pounding in my chest. The thought of being alone in the house with the two sex kittens I saw earlier was almost too much for me to comprehend. I heard a few footsteps approach the door and then a little giggling before the door opened. 

Julie was standing at the door with a big smile on her face and her friend was at her side with a similar, probably alcohol influenced, smile on her face as well. They had both changed out of their party cloths but looked equally as sexy as they did before. Both were wearing boxer shorts, with the waist band folded over a few times, and a tight cotton tank top. I became painfully aware that neither girl was wearing bra because I could see their nipples slightly protruding from under the thin cotton of their tops. 

I also got my first close look at her friend and she was every bit as hot as Julie. She had a very exotic look (maybe Spanish or Italian) with dark brown hair, brown eyes and a naturally tan skin tone. Everything about her was sexy, from her full pouty lips to her voluptuous hourglass figure. She had one of those amazing bodies that somehow packed big tits, a skinny waste and a wonderful bubble but into a small tight frame. I was captivated and couldn't take my eyes off her. 

I managed to break the awkward silence, and my obvious stare, by croaking out, "uhh, so what's up?"

"Oh nothing" Julie said, "I just wanted to introduce you to Tiffany, my friend from college." Tiffany confidently stepped forward as I reached out my hand and said "Nice to meet you Tiffany." She just gave me a sexy little smile and a wink that made my cock jump in my pants again. 

"Come in and hang out for a bit" Julie said was she waived me in and turned to walk towards the family room. Tiffany gave me another smile as she looked down at the bulge in my pants and turned to follow Julie; leaving me standing at the door dumbfounded and captivated by the two asses walking away from me. 

Both girls had their boxers rolled up so high that I could see a little bit of their ass cheeks as the sauntered down the hall. Both asses were amazing and I was in heaven. Julie has one of those tight, heart shaped asses that you could bounce a quarter off of. Tiffany's ass is bigger, but still held an awesome shape and had a little jiggle to it that just made me drool. I closed the door and followed them to the living room with my eyes plastered to their back sides. 

Julie continued into the kitchen and Tiffany and I grabbed seats on the couch. Things were a little awkward for a minute or two while we sat on the couch without much to say until Julie returned with three drinks in her hand.

"Drinks anyone?" she blurted out as she almost bounced into the room. 

We all took our drinks and things started to loosen up. We talked for a while (the girls did most of the talking) and I learned a lot about Julie and Tiffany at college. It turned out that Tiffany was Julie's roommate in the dorms and she was just up for a few days to visit. From what I could gather from all their stories and inside jokes, Tiffany is way more sexually experienced than Julie was before we hooked up and was a little promiscuous during her first year in college. Julie joked a few times about having to shack up in their friend's room while Tiffany was playing with one of her "fun friends" and Tiffany just laughed it off and gave Julie a hard time about being such a prude with all the boys. 

We had a few more drinks and the conversation continued to loosen up and get a little flirtier. The girls continued their friendly batter with each other until Tiffany made fun of the way Julies dances and Julie jumped off her chair and playfully hit Tiffany with a pillow, crashing on the couch between us. We all got a laugh out of Julie's drunken display but my laughing stopped when I looked down and realized I could see right up Julie's shorts to her completely shaved pussy. Being drunk I wasn't able to disguise my stare so it must have been pretty obvious as I feasted my eyes on her beautiful little slit. 

"What do you think you're looking at Jason?" Tiffany said in a playful voice. "Do you like what you see?"

I was pretty hopeful that I knew where this night was heading and I decided to move it forward so I looked up at Tiffany, then down to her tits and then back up to her eyes and said, "I am looking at a lot of things, and I LOVE what I see!"

"Ummm, I bet you do" Tiffany said as she looked right at me with a sexy stare that could make a grown man melt. 

"Look!" said Julie, "I think we're making him hard!"

Julie slid her hand across my lap and grabbed my quickly growing cock through my sweat pants. Both girls were giggling as they shifted their gaze between each other and the bulge in my pants. Julie was slowly stroking my cock when Tiffany asked, "So did you two really fuck on this couch?"

I didn't bother answering her and just leaned over to kiss Julie. She inhaled deeply and returned my kiss passionately as we melted into each other. 

I heard Tiffany say "I guess that answers the question", but I wasn't paying attention as my hands explored Julies tight teen body and kissed her deeper and deeper. I slid my hand down her inner thigh, through the leg of her boxer shorts, to find her dripping wet pussy. She spread her legs to invite me in and I pushed two fingers deep into her sex and lightly rubbed her clit with my thumb. She gasped as she broke our kiss and leaned back into the couch to enjoy the stimulation. 

As she broke our kiss I noticed that Tiffany was no longer sitting next to her on the couch and I felt a hand in my lap again. I looked down and saw Tiffany kneeling on the floor between my knees with a cock hungry look on her face. 

We she noticed me looking at her she smiled and said, "She told me how you fucked her and I wanted to see for myself." 

Who was I to argue, so I returned my attention to Julie's pussy and lifted my ass off the couch to let Tiffany pull my sweats off. Once she had my pants off, she pushed my knees apart and moved in for the kill. She started by slowly stroking my cock with her hand and licking my balls. She was very methodical and took each ball in her mouth and rolled it around with her tongue before letting it pop out and moving to the other. She kissed her way up to the base of my cock and licked up to my swollen tip before engulfing my entire manhood unto her hot mouth. 

This girl really knew how to suck a cock. Without hesitating she sucked my dick down her throat until her nose touched my stomach. She then slowly pulled up with her lips and tongue suctioned to my dick like she was laterally trying to milk the cum from my balls with one suck. As she continued her assault on my cock she picked up her pace and was sucking and slurping so hard that a mixture of saliva and pre-cum was leaking out of her mouth and dripping down to coat my balls and the ample cleavage squeezing out of her tight tank top. It was the nastiest, wettest blowjob I've ever had and I was loving it. 

The expert blowjob I was receiving made it very difficult to keep my attention focused on Julies pussy, but I managed to do enough to keep her satisfied and nearing an orgasm. She still had her eyes closed and was rotating her hips trying to increase the pleasure she was receiving from my hands while absent mindedly playing with her tits and pinching her nipples though the thin fabric of her tank top. I decided to move things a bit further so I lifted her ass off the couch and slipped her shorts off to get better access to her sweet little pussy. 

As I pulled her shorts off she opened her eyes for the first time since this all started and noticed Tiffany going to work on my cock. "God Tiffany, you are such a slut!" Julie said with a laugh, "you just met him and you are already sucking his dick?" Tiffany just looked up, with my cock still in her mouth, and gave Julie a quick wink before continuing her sloppy assault on my dick.

Once Julie's shorts were off she closed her eyes again and splayed her legs wide, encouraging me to continue. I dove back in with both hands to rub her clit and finger her dripping wet pussy. 

As I went back to work I felt Tiffany release my cock from her mouth. I looked down to see her pull her top over her head and release an awesome sit of tits with dark, erect nipples. Her tits were a full d-cup but still very firm with just the right amount of jiggle when they fell out of her shirt. I couldn't tell for sure if they were natural (being a Florida girl you never know) but if she bought them, she sure got her money's worth because they looked real. 

I turned my focus back to Julie and felt the soft weight of Tiffany's breasts in my lap as she began licking my cock and rubbing it on her nipples and between her tits. It felt amazing and I lifted my hips to push my cock into her voluptuous mounds of flesh even harder. 

I could tell Julie was nearing an orgasm so I lowered my head between her legs to finish the job with my tongue. As I began licking her clit she pulled her legs back even further allowing me to stick my tongue deep within her pussy. Julie was very close and I knew how to put her over the edge so I sucked hard on her clit and reached down to circle her asshole with my finger. Touching her ass set her off and she exploded into a very loud orgasm. Julie was moaning loud and grinding her pussy into my mouth and her ass into my hand. Her juices were coating my face and I was having a hard time breathing, but I just let her ride it out and did my best to continue the stimulation on her clit. 

Julie was coming down from her orgasm when I felt Tiffany start to crawl up my body. Once she got all the way up I could feel her large breasts pressed against my chest and her pubic bone, still covered by her boxer shorts, slowly rubbing on my rock hard cock. 

"Mmmmm, that was hot", Tiffany whispered as she pressed her body into me and brought her face close to mine; still between Julie's legs. 

As soon as I pulled my mouth away from Julie's pussy, Tiffany dove in to give me a passionate kiss. We kissed deeply for a few moments until Tiffany pulled away and said, "Mmmm, Julie tastes good."

"What did you say?" Julie said as she opened her eyes after regaining her composure. 

"I said your pussy tastes good," Tiffany said with a devilish grin.

Before Julie could respond, Tiffany leaned down and began licking Julie's pussy. Julie was surprised and tried to protest at first. But once Tiffany got started, Julie couldn't stop her and she just leaned back again and started enjoying the sensation of her first lesbian experience. 

Tiffany was still on top of me while as she went down on Julie who was laying on the couch next to me with her legs high in the air. Julie was really enjoying the attention she was getting from Tiffany and was running her hands through her air and pressing her face tighter against her pussy. Tiffany was going to work on Julie with the same ferocious appetite she had for my cock, and was absent mindedly grinding her hips into mine as if she was trying to fuck me through her boxer shorts. As much as I liked the up close view of one hot college girl eating out another for the first time, I thought it was time to give Tiffany's pussy what it was obviously looking for.

I lifted Tiffany's body off of mine just enough to slip out from under her and onto the floor. As I did this, Tiffany dropped her knees to the floor and pulled Julie to the edge of the couch so she could get a better angle for fucking her college roommate with her mouth and hands. 

I positioned myself behind Tiffany and the site before me was so hot I just had to pause and admire it for a few moments. Julie's tight, tan little body was wide open on the couch with her tank top pushed up over her tits. She was moaning and breathing heavy as her hands alternated between playing with her erect nipples and pulling Tiffany's face deeper and deeper into her dripping wet pussy. 

Tiffany had her face buried between Julie's legs and her whole body was still moving like she was fucking an invisible cock. I could see her large tits swaying back and forth and I was very tempted to climb underneath her body to suck as much of her sweet flesh into my mouth as possible. The only thing that stopped me was what was waiting for me once I removed her little shorts. 

I snapped myself out of my lustful trance and got focused on the task of making Tiffany beg to be stuffed with my cock. I placed my hands on her ass and roughly massaged her full, but firm cheeks through her thin boxers. Tiffany moaned softly and pushed her ass back into my hands, encouraging me to take it further.

I removed her shorts and was greeted by an amazing ass and a completely bald pussy that was glistening, and almost dripping, with her juices. I continued rubbing her ass while admiring how full, yet firm, her ass cheeks were. I spread her cheeks apart and got my first glimps of her freshly waxed, puckered asshole. Tiffany still had her face buried between Julie's legs and kept pushing her ass back into my hands, almost bouncing her ass at me and tempting me to dive right in.

It worked, and I quickly lowered myself to get my first taste of Tiffany's dripping wet pussy. She must have felt me moving in because as I lowered myself, she spread her knees a wider and arched her back a little to make herself more accessible to my mouth. I didn't waste any more time and I dove right in. 

Her pussy was so wet that my face was instantly coated with her juices as I penetrated her with my tongue as deep as humanly possible. My mouth was deep in her pussy and the rest of my face was buried between her ass cheeks when started grinding her pussy and ass against my face with a desperate enthusiasm. Her grinding motion was causing my nose to brush against her puckered ass, which she seemed to like, and I did my best to start applying pressure to her engorged clit with my tongue. As she neared an orgasm she pulled her head out of Julies lap but continued to rub her clit with one hand while grabbing the back of my head with her other to force my face deeper and deeper into her. 

"Fuck yea, suck that pussy!" Tiffany said as she continued to grind my face into her pussy. "You like having your face buried in my ass? Oh god yes, I'm gonna cum all over your face!"

Tiffany was starting to lose control and was bucking her hips wildly as she continued with her dirty talk. I didn't notice because my face was still buried in Tiffany's pussy, but Julie started cuming because of the fingering she was getting from Tiffany and the excitement of how dirty her college roommate was behaving. Julie's orgasm sparked off Tiffany's and she began grunting obscenities as a small gush of cum filled my mouth and dripped down my chin. 

Tiffany released my head from her hands and collapsed to her elbows as she came down from her climax. Her chest was heaving and she rested her head in her hands, but continued slowly rotating her hips against my mouth as if she didn't want the stimulation to stop. I continued licking her clit very lightly and rubbed her ass while she recovered from her orgasm. 

I looked up between Tiffany's ass checks and could see Julie playing with herself softly as she too was trying to recover from her second strong orgasm of the night. It was at that moment that I became painfully aware of my throbbing cock and the fact that I was the only one there who hadn't cummed yet.

As if on cue, I was very happy when Tiffany raised her head from the floor and said, "Are you going to fuck me with that cock or what?

I swear I had been waiting to hear this girl say that since the moment I laid eyes on her in that slutty little clubbing outfit in the driveway. I positioned myself behind her and started rubbing the tip of my cock across her wet pussy lips. "Oh yea...." She moaned as she pushed her ass back a little and reached up between her legs to fondle my balls. As I slipped my cock into her slowly, she gasped a little, but pushed herself onto my cock with one smooth stroke. 

It felt so good to be balls deep in this horny little college girl that I nearly lost my load before even getting started. I kept my composure and started fucking her with a slow steady pace. It was clear she didn't want to ease into things by the way she pushed back on my cock with each stroke so I grabbed her ass and started fucking her with hard, deep thrusts. 
