 The day began like any other, hot and uneventful. Steve was away for another month-long business trip to Saudi Arabia. Aramco must have thought they were doing all the wives and girlfriends a favor by taking our men away from us for extended periods of time. But all it did for me was give me time to get better acquainted with my vibrator and the few porno videos we had. Not that I wasn't already more than familiar with either. My ten year marriage to Steve had left me with two wonderful children and a very intense longing for something more.

For a thirty-two year old woman, my body was still in great shape, kept up by exercise and careful dieting. My breasts were still a firm 34C, and my tummy and ass, were tight as when I was nineteen. Steve was also quite a handsome man although he was lacking in the bedroom - caused by his inability to think of my needs and his recognition of only his own. Our sex life began to wither after the birth of Justin, my second child. I suppose the Freudian idea of a mother/son relationship was true in the sense that I did tend to show more affection for my son at times than I did for Steve and I believe subconsciously he resented me for it.

As I cleaned the remains of the dishes from my breakfast, I heard a car door shut. This was something peculiar because we live in a very secluded upscale neighborhood with only one neighbor, who had moved over a year ago. We had become good friends with the neighbors Jan and David. We enjoyed parties in their back yard and quiet nights in their hot tub, where the idea of wife swapping had jokingly been brought up but to my dismay, never came to pass. Jan and I would often discuss our sex lives with one another and I was secretly jealous of the amazing lover she bragged David to be. Before we had the opportunity to make the idea a reality, David was transferred, leaving me unfulfilled and bored once again.

I walked to the window, expecting to see a realtor showing the house and was surprised to see a very beautiful woman walk towards it. She appeared to be about twenty-five and was absolutely stunning - well-dressed in a crème silk blouse that was stretched by ample breasts and a plaid brown skirt that came to just above her knees. Her long blond hair was tied in a ponytail and she had a golden tan that appeared natural. She was driving what seemed to be a newer model Mercedes convertible, so I assumed she was a realtor. I admired the car as she walked back out towards the yard and began to struggle with the realtor's sign, obviously trying to remove it. As I watched this woman, I knew that if she had ever expressed a desire for me I would probably entertain the idea. I had never been with another woman, but had girlfriends that had and often wondered what it would be like. Seeing this as an opportunity to meet someone who might be a new neighbor, I walked to the front porch and called to see if she needed help. 

"Yes, would you mind?" she answered. 

I walked down the driveway and about fifty feet to her yard and introduced myself. 

"Hi, I'm Cynthia Reynolds, are we going to be neighbors?" I asked.

"Yes. Hi, I'm Vanessa Stewart. And yeah, I'm moving in tomorrow. Well actually, my boyfriend and I." 

"Oh, is he at work now?" I inquired, kicking myself for being nosy. 

"No, he's been away on business but coming back in today”.

”How nice, mine's away for a whole month. It'll be nice to have some new friends". 

We removed the sign and brought it into the garage. I smelled the intoxicating aroma of her perfume, which was also a scent that I wore. Well at least she has class, I thought to myself. 

"So you say you’re not moving in till tomorrow?” I curiously asked her. 

"No, I'm just here to make sure things are in order and wait for Devon to have a look at it.” 

“So your boyfriend hasn't even seen the house yet?” 

“No, I picked it out, he just pays for it," she giggled. 

"Well that sounds like my kind of arrangement," I agreed. 

"Yes, it's the best arrangement I could ever hope for," she replied. 

Curious, I offered her a get-acquainted drink beside the pool, hoping to ply her with alcohol, and find out more about her arrangement. She agreed. Then without thinking I devilishly suggested she wear a swimsuit if she had one. She said she did and would be right over.

I was surprised by my brazenness and almost guilty as to why I would be aroused at seeing this woman half-clothed. But the thought of it did make me tingle in places that surprised me. I walked up the stairs to my bedroom and began to undress. I admired myself in our full-length mirror, thinking, not a bad frame for a mother of two. I double checked my pubic area to make sure my early morning shave had left no visible razor burn and retrieved my one piece French cut bathing suit. I had bought the colorful suit while on vacation in Brazil and it accentuated my hips while showing off plenty of cheek and my breasts. Overall, I thought I looked great and could compete with this younger, obviously better endowed woman.

I walked down to the kitchen where I began to mix margaritas, making them extra potent with the addition of Grand Marnier. I fully expected Vanessa to spill the beans on just what kind of 'arrangement' she had. After pouring the mix into the pitcher, I withdrew our bottle of Patron tequila from the cupboard, reserved for special guests (not that we ever had any). I called my mother, who had been keeping my children for the weekend, to make sure I wouldn't have any unexpected visitations and she said they were leaving for an outing at the zoo.

Just then I heard Vanessa at the door. I invited her in and apologized half-heartedly. 

"I hope you don't mind, I made a pitcher of margaritas. I don't know about you but I could use a good buzz on a hot Saturday by the pool."

”Oh noooo, that sounds great" she exclaimed. 

When she entered the kitchen, I almost dropped the pitcher. She was clad in only a tiny two-piece bikini with a top that barely concealed her breasts – breasts that appeared to be at least 34D and seemed to be natural. Her legs were toned and muscular and she had an ass any woman would kill for, round and firm. She was definitely a complete package. She did have the modesty to wrap her hips in a sarong that was quite lovely and appeared to also be silk. 

"I'm so embarrassed, all I had was this tiny suit," she apologized. "Devon usually doesn't let me wear anything else". 

“Oh that’s fine, and I hope I’m not being forward but you have a stunning body,” I told her.

“Thanks, I work hard for it and Devon wants me tight and toned, so it’s worth it. So, do you prefer Cynthia or Cyndi?" she quizzed. 

"Oh, either is fine," I responded. 

We walked to the pool and sat down on our chaise lounges. I poured us both a shot and offered a toast. 

"Here's to new friends, great success and great arrangements". 

We then began to drink the first of what became quite a few margaritas, as we made small talk about the neighborhood and common interests. We were both feeling heady when I decided to get to the meat of the subject. 

"So tell me Vanessa, I have to know. What is it you do exactly to have such a fabulous arrangement with Devon?" 

As she took another drink she began. "You promise you won't judge me before you hear the entire story right?" 

"Of course, who am I to judge? I'm just a bored, sexually frustrated housewife," I complained. 

"Well, my past is not what you'd call uneventful. I'm a formally educated woman who has made her own decisions and mistakes. I used to hold normal jobs but couldn't get past the boss wanting to have me on his desk, or the sexual innuendo and remarks from every male employee. The jealous backstabbing hens, with their romance novels and spiteful looks and gossip. So I quit the corporate world, and decided if I can't join em', beat em'. So I decided to use my body to earn my living. I danced, I did nude modeling and even made a porno in which I discovered I had an uncanny talent for oral sex." 

At this point I was falling over in rapt attention - or was it from the booze? I couldn't remember.

"Oh my God, what did you do?" I exclaimed, nearly falling off my chair. 

“I somehow managed to take an actor with a nine and a half inch cock down my throat without gagging, until he came in my mouth". 

Upon hearing this, my crotch began to tingle. I imagined her sucking off this well-hung stud and yearned to be the one in her place. 

"You didn't gag at all? You took him the way down to his, to his balls?” 

"Yep, all the way down Cyndi. And you know what else? I loved it. I felt so powerful and in control for once. I had this man at my mercy. I had never done anything like this before but it opened a whole new world for me sexually." 

"Oh my God! So what did you do after that? You said you only made one film?" 

"Yeah, the people in those movies are the worst, it wasn't for me. I went back to dancing and became a feature performer touring the states and Canada. But even though I made a lot of money the men were the same and so were the women. I was lonely, Cyndi. I dated, but most of the guys were losers and cheap, and I had had enough. I decided to take matters into my own hands. I had heard of video dating but I looked online and found an adult personals site. I knew that people with money were the ones having sex so this is where I went. I knew exactly what I wanted, knew what I could provide and placed an ad. It read: 

Gorgeous, bi-sexual, blond, tanned, articulate, educated woman, 26, 5’3, 36dd-24-34, submissive, with excellent oral abilities seeking very attractive, well built, well-hung, very financially secure men to be my keeper, my lover, my friend. You provide me the lifestyle to which I've become accustomed and I'll provide you anything and everything you need, whenever and wherever.”            

“Cyndi, the responses rolled in like a flood", Vanessa gushed. "I had a date lined up nearly every night of the week. Of course I had to cull the crème of the crop, which left about five percent. But the remaining few were champions. I went places and did things I've never done before. Then I was dating this one guy Paul, who was by far my favorite of all the guys I had gone out with. Well, one night I was dancing at the club and he comes in.  He's got this friend with him. Cyndi, you could have knocked me over with a feather. He was gorgeous, tall, muscular and definitely into me. Paul introduced Devon and said he had told Devon all about me and wanted to know if I wanted to enjoy them both. I was so excited about the prospect; I almost came on the spot."

"So what did you do?" I asked excitedly.

"Well to my disappointment, Devon declined. We had been drinking til almost three A.M. and Devon said he had to make a business flight at ten A.M. that day, so he left. But guess who decided to show up at the club two nights later? And the rest, I guess, you could say is history." 

“So what makes this Devon so special?" I asked, downing the rest of my drink.

"Well, first, he's incredible in bed. And he's hung like a horse," she giggled. "And his stamina is phenomenal. He has his own import-export business and makes more than enough for the both of us to live on anywhere we desire for as long as we want. He is gone sporadically but stays with me when I need him. And he makes me do the most delicious things that I would never do for anyone else. I guess you could say I'm his concubine of sorts." 

"But doesn't that make you feel used?" I asked. 

"Why? I can leave anytime I want and so can he. We are using each other to fill our needs." 

"Do you love him Vanessa?” 

”I suppose I do, in a way, but it's a business arrangement. Sure, we care about each other tremendously. I give him his space and he gives me mine." 

"But don't you wonder if he sleeps around?" I asked, puzzled. 

"Cyndi, he's an attractive, very successful man who happens to be a stud in bed. I share him and he shares me. But we do it together or we don't discuss it."

"You share him?" I stammered.

”Cynthia, we share everything when we’re together. We’re both very open sexually; that's our glue. He's very busy and when he works, he works hard - but when he plays, oh my God, does he play hard." "Cyndi,” she said as she paused, looking at me seriously. “Would you like to find out exactly what I'm talking about?" 

I couldn't believe what she had just asked me as I searched for an answer, fidgeting in my chair. 

"What do you mean? I could never cheat on my husband, Vanessa." 

"Cyndi,” she said, rolling her eyes. “You’re a beautiful woman. You deserve to be treated like one. You've already told me how frustrated you are sexually.” 

“But… but, I couldn't, Vanessa."

At that, her cell phone rang. 

"Hi baby, where are you? I'm at our beautiful new neighbor’s house, waiting for you," she told him, sounding like a young girl with a high school crush. "Come over and wear your swimsuit". 

"Vanessa, I simply can't misbehave," I told her. 

“Just meet him and then decide,” she responded.

I couldn't believe what Vanessa had asked me, but my pussy tingled at the idea of being serviced by this hot stud. 

"I think I need another drink,” I stammered as I quickly poured another for both her and myself. About thirty minutes later, a knock came at the patio door and a husky deep voice called out to us. 

“Right here baby,” Vanessa squealed as she jumped up, her sarong falling to reveal a firm, round ass visible in her thong. 

When Devon stepped through the patio door, I was floored. He was a sight to behold. All of at least 6'2 and the tanned muscular body of a swimmer, jet black hair and crystal blue eyes. But as I gazed at his body my jaw dropped as my eyes fell upon his nearly see-through black boxer cut swimsuit. His cock was magnificent. It had to be at least six inches long flaccid and almost as thick as my wrist. It bulged out of his swimsuit like a large sausage. 

Vanessa walked up to him, wrapping one leg around his body and kissing him deeply. 

“Hi baby,” she said, taking his hand and bringing him over to my chair. 

I stood up as he offered his hand and shook it, his soft manicured hands taking mine gently but firmly, melting me. 

“This is Cynthia,” Vanessa told him. 

"Pleased to meet you. I'm Devon Armstrong." 

"I've told her all about you, baby," Vanessa declared.

"Well only believe twenty five percent of what Vanessa tells you, the rest I'll make up for in goods and services," Devon chuckled. 

"It's your goods and services that I told her about," Vanessa laughed. 

Devon blushed, but was good humored about his girlfriend. And I was completely ready to surrender my body to him. 

“Would you care for a drink, Devon?" I offered. 

"Yes, I would," he said, taking the glass. There was a moment of uncomfortable silence until Vanessa spoke up. 

"Hey guys, you feel like going to sit in the hot tub so we can get better acquainted?"

"Well, I don't know", I stammered.

"I think I'd love to get to know my new neighbor better," Devon interrupted.

”What do you say, Cyndi?" Devon asked, holding out his hand as I took it without even thinking. I grabbed the bottle of tequila as we walked to their back yard, Vanessa leading, holding Devon's hand as he held mine. I think he knew by the way I looked at him that I desired him with every fiber in my body. I felt totally helpless as to what was going to happen and really didn't care. I deserved to explore the limits of my sexuality and needed it with an intensity that made me wet.

Devon was the first to step into the heated water as Vanessa flipped the switch, turning on the jets causing the tub to bubble. As Vanessa got into the water, Devon grabbed her pulling her onto his lap and kissing her. 

“It's good to see you, baby,” he cooed in her ear. 

I began feeling like a third wheel and started to get out. 

"Think I'll leave you two alone," I said as Vanessa grabbed my hand, stopping me. 

"No wait", she begged.

"Devon, Cyndi is having problems with her man satisfying her and I was thinking that maybe we could show her why were such a good team." 

I was completely shocked at her comment. 

“Well, Cynthia, what exactly have you two been talking about?” Devon asked.

“Well, she tells me you’re quite the lover.”

“Cynthia,” Vanessa interrupted, “I have to admit I find you very attractive and I apologize for being so forward but I could see the way you looked at Devon. You find him attractive and you did say you've been doing without.” 

“Well, yes, that's true,” I stammered, “but I'm married and shouldn't mess around without Steve here.”

“Well then, why don't you watch how I suck Devon's big, beautiful cock and then you can decide what to do.”

I couldn't believe Vanessa’s forwardness but when she removed his tremendous cock from his shorts I was filled with desire. His cock was beautiful. Even half erect he was as big as Steve was hard. I had never seen a penis the size of this man’s, not even in movies. It was extremely thick with a plum sized head and as long as my forearm. And his crotch was totally shaved which made it look even more the monster. Devon slowly stroked his awesome manhood until it was completely hard. It hung down slightly from the weight of it. I couldn’t take my eyes off of him. Noticing this he asked me if I enjoyed watching him stroke his dick. 

“Uh um yes, yes I do,” was all I could stammer. 

Vanessa didn’t waste any time wrapping her hands around Devon’s ass and stuffing his muscle into her mouth like a woman possessed.

“Yeah, suck that cock baby,” Devon commanded. 

She stroked his huge member with her hands, her lips tightly around the shaft, moaning, never taking her eyes from his. He pushed her head down on his huge cock making her take more of it slowly until he was buried down her throat. I was amazed at Vanessa's abilities as she held his cock down her throat, digging her fingers into his ass, pulling him into her mouth as far as he could go. I couldn't believe she could fit so much of his thick cock in her mouth as Devon moaned, throwing his head back as he leaned on the edge of the tub. As she slid her lips back up his cock, she grabbed his shaft, and stroked him. As I watched the scene before me, I was unconscious of the fact that I had slid my hand beneath my swimsuit and was rubbing my wet pussy furiously. Vanessa was pumping his dick rapidly as she sucked the head, moaning all the while, watching him. She pulled his cock from her mouth and rubbed and slapped it against her cheek, savoring him as she looked over to me smiling. The two of them mesmerized me. She made love to his cock like he was the last man on earth and he totally dominated her, forcing her to take all of it, fucking her mouth, talking dirty to her all the while. 

"Yeah, that's a good girl, suck my cock, come on baby, take it down your hot little throat," he demanded. 

She slid her tongue down the length of his shaft sucking one of his smooth balls into her mouth, moaning, jerking the shaft. 

"Look at me, don't you look away or close your eyes," he demanded. 

She took his cock in both her hands stroking him as she sucked one then both of his balls into her mouth gently, never taking her eyes from his. 

"Do you like watching Vanessa suck my cock, Cyndi?" Devon asked me as Vanessa licked his balls. 

"Uh yes, yes I do." 

"Why don't you come join her then? I'd love to see those beautiful lips slide over my cock." 

I was frozen in shock. My pussy was throbbing and dripping from watching the two of them. I wanted to desperately but didn't know what to do. 

"Mmmmm, come on Cyndi, try him,” Vanessa beckoned, holding his huge pole in my direction. 

“No need to be nervous darling,” Devon responded. “Let me help you decide." 
