 The next two days seemed to drag on forever, my excitement about the weekend growing with each passing hour. At last the day arrived. I prepared my special lasagna, with salad and bread on the side, all washed down with a good bottle of Bordeaux. After dinner, we retired to the living room for cocktails. 

Steve sat on the couch, my husband took his usual spot in his easy chair, and I sat beside Steve. We talked for awhile, learning that Steve had moved here six months after his wife had passed away, cancer claiming her much too early. As my husband went to refill our drinks we heard his curse from the kitchen. The icemaker was on the fritz, he announced. He would run down the street to the convenience store and buy a bag.

Unbeknownst to Steve, that was a bald-faced lie! As soon as my husband was gone, I scooted closer to Steve. My hand touched his chest. He looked at me with alarm, about to protest. I put a finger to his lips to hush him. His mouth opened, and I inserted my finger. He began to suck it as my other hand worked the buttons of his shirt, and then slipped beneath the fabric to run through his chest hairs. Finding a nipple, I tweaked it playfully. Your husband, Steve questioned more than protested. Shhh, silly, I answered, he's okay with this.... If you are. I then explained our fantasy, me to have sex with another man, my husband to play photographer. Steve didn't need to tell me how he felt about this. The suddenly noticeable bulge in his trousers was all the answer I needed.

I smiled at Steve, then stood and slowly unbuttoned my dress. It fell to the floor, revealing my purple corset and black silk hose. Steve reached out a hand and brushed the curls of my pubic hair. I spread my legs a bit and his fingers glided across my already wet slit. At that moment, my husband returned and Steve yanked his hand back rapidly, his face reddening. Starting without me? My husband asked, which assured Steve that what was about to happen was completely okay.

I pushed Steve back into the cushions of the couch while my husband went to retrieve the camera. I knelt on the floor between Steve's legs and rapidly worked the fly of his pants. What met my eyes when the zipper was down was a greater treat than I could have expected. His erect penis popped through the fly of his boxers and was a full three inches longer and twice as thick as my husband's! Even better, he was circumcised. For some reason, I have a bit of an aversion to foreskin. 

I wasted no time lower my head to his lap and taking his cock into my mouth. It was so hot! I reached into his drawers and pulled on his scrotum. Steve moaned and made to push my head off him as I felt his cock twitch. Oh my! Before I could disengage, the first spurt of his hot semen hit the roof of my mouth. Pulling off, I stroked his shaft as spurt after spurt of sticky white cum splattered on my face, drenching my chin, nose, tongue. I rubbed his still shooting penis across my chest, milking the last of his ejaculate onto my creamy white skin. Leaned back and smiled up at Steve, wiping his jism from my face with the tissue he offered.

I'm sorry, he apologized, but it had been so long since he had felt the touch of a woman's' lips and tongue. I hushed him, telling him I loved it, which was not a lie. I looked to my husband, who was beaming. Isn't she the best? He asked Steve, and then announced that he had gotten some great shots and suggested we retire to the bedroom so he could load them onto the computer.

Once in the bedroom, I helped Steve out of his clothes, marveling at the hardness of his body. As I ran a hand across the muscles of his arms and chest, he told us that one way he tried to relieve the strong sexual urges he had was through strenuous workouts. My hands moved to his buttocks, feeling the hardness there, while my eyes marveled at his penis. Even soft, it seemed so much bigger than to what I was accustomed. A part of me wondered if it would hurt if we were to fuck.

My husband suggested Steve and I lie on the bed while he proceeded to show us the pictures of my very brief blow job. I could tell they excited Steve as much as they did me by the way his cock suddenly began to grow. Within minutes, he was rock hard again. I reached out to stroke it, but he pushed me back onto the bed. Your turn, he told me, then turned and winked at my husband, who was again aiming the camera.

Steve proceeded to massage my breasts through the material of the corset until my nipples were rock hard. His faced leaned into mine and his tongue parted my lips. I abandoned all decorum and began to suck on it as it plunged deep into my mouth. His hand had slid between my legs and two fingers were inserted into my red hot vagina.

I began to move in rhythm with his hand, all the way our tongues dueled and his other hand played with my breast. He pulled back, reached out, and pulled down the top of my corset. My breasts rolled free. He sat there a moment, his fingers still working my pussy, and admired the milky mounds. You have great tits, he said. Size 36Ds, I laughed, squeezing my thighs together to hold his fingers inside me. His mouth moved to my breasts, sucking and licking first one, then the other nipple, while his tongue found my clit and began to roll it beneath its hood. His head moved down, across my corset and to the thicket of pubic hair above my slit. His two fingers emerged from my vagina and spread the lips of my labia wide. 

I started as I felt his breath across the sensitive tissue of my cunt, and then his tongue began to work. While not as good at finding my pleasure spots as hubby is, the excitement of someone new licking and nibbling my pussy soon had me cumming. I wrapped my legs around his head and pulled him in close. I moved my pelvis, rubbing my clit across the bridge of his nose as wave after wave of my orgasm hit. At last I released his head and he sat back, my juices shining on his nose and chin. It's been way too long since I tasted the sweetness of a woman's pussy, he said. My husband laughed and answered that I certainly produced enough juice to quench any mans thirst.

I rose to my knees, went down on my arms, offering Steve a rear view. He took the hint and slid his thick cock between my vaginal lips and pushed deep. It didn't hurt. No, it felt wonderful to be so filled. I tightened the muscles of my vagina to hold him there a moment, allowing me time to revel in the feeling. Then I relaxed and he began to stroke. With each inward thrust, I swear he touched my cervix. He would then pull back until just the head of his cock was between my lips. Thrust in, pull back, over and over. His speed began to pick up, and I felt another orgasm building. 

My husband stepped in front of my face. He was now nude. When did he lose his clothes I barely wondered? His cock waved before my eyes and I took it in my youth, sucking almost unconsciously as Steve's cock triggered a vaginal orgasm. I moaned with my mouth full of cock as Steve plunged hard into me, his balls slapping up against the back of my thighs. It was all too much for my husband, who began to spurt his own load in my mouth. I sucked and swallowed and moaned all at the same time. I was so hungry for his cock at that moment. My clit was on fire as the walls of my vagina trembled with orgasm.

Steve pulled out with a loud, wet plopping sound and began to cum on my ass as I sucked the last of my husband's sperm down my throat. Steve's big cock was between my ass cheeks, sliding effortlessly with the lubrication of my juice. His hot cum splattered across my back, and I felt another orgasm beginning. My god! How many was that? I wondered. Steve at last fell back onto the bed, sated.

My husband went to the bathroom and returned with washcloths for Steve and myself. We spent the next several minutes lovingly cleaning each others bodies of our accumulated juices and spunk. My husband returned with a round of drinks and we lie back on the bed, me between my two lovers, enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies. My husband announced it would take him a while to recharge, but it was obvious Steve already was. 

I looked to see Steve sporting yet another erection, the head purple and angry looking. Another round? He asked. You haven't tried her ass yet, my husband told him. If you think her pussy is tight, well.... I shuddered. Steve was so much bigger than my husband; could my tight little asshole handle such a monster? I wasn't sure I wanted to find out.