 I know you get excited when I get assertive. I also know you've been longing to hear more of my filthy fuck adventures. Here's a special one I've been saving from my days as a 24-year-old secretary in Saint John, New Brunswick.

As you may recall me mentioning, I had a boss there who I was very attracted to, and the feeling was mutual. He'd take me out for dinner or hand me $200 as a Christmas bonus. Now, we never did actually cross the line together. But he gave me a lot of good advice and guidance. One time, he told me: "In any negotiation, don't be afraid to ask for what you want."

Those words were still echoing in my mind when, a few months before I moved back to Seattle, I began "dating" two men at once. And don't think it's coincidental that I put "dating" in quotation marks. It'll all become clear as I go on.

You see, I'd accomplished most of what I wanted in Saint John. It had been a chance for me to leave my old West Coast life behind. I'd worked, travelled, met new people, acted in a Tom Stoppard play at the Imperial Theater, you name it.

Sexually, too, I'd grown. I enjoyed more experimental, no-strings attached sex than when I was younger. My strong tendency toward exhibitionism was already on display - like when I fucked and sucked directly in front of a window overlooking the railroad tracks and water, so that anyone who wanted could watch me performing proudly. Then there was the time I masturbated in a movie theatre while watching European arthouse erotica.

It was also in Saint John that I became increasingly aware of my attraction to women. I had a crush on a teller at my local bank. She was just a few years older than me, and I'd come in to see her so that we could flirt. Then there was the married woman I met at a house party, who had sex with a former partner of mine, but later told me she'd really wanted to be intimate with me. Nothing physical transpired despite these stirrings.

But, being bi, I also had a strong appetite for male energy, for cock. So one Friday night, I pulled on a new black vinyl knee-length pencil skirt I'd picked up in a little boutique at Brunswick Square, plus matching fishnet tights and a form-fitting red V-neck blouse that showed off my full breasts. Then I headed out to the Ale House on the waterfront.

I got there just after 10. The place was packed with visiting British sailors. Maggie, my favorite server, poured me a pint of Alexander Keith's. The house band was playing Rolling Stones songs. I hit the dance floor aggressively, offering myself up consecutively to two tall sailors in their mid-20's, allowing their hands to roam freely over my hips and ass. My thick-lipped, unshaven cunt heated up quickly and I ground it into the second guy. I could see my real target standing over near the bar: late 30's, close-cropped hair, big forearms. Yes. 

I started to make out with the young sailor, kissing him tongue-to-tongue like a full-fledged dance floor slut. His hands were on my ass, as I swiveled to make sure the bar guy could see what was going on. People wore tight jeans in those days and I could see the outline of his fat cock as he watched me slut it out.

The song finished and I finished up with the sailor, who put his hand on my arm and tried to say something. But I was having none of it. I finished off my beer and strutted straight to the bar. I leaned over to my late-30's guy and introduced myself. He told me his name was Sean and he captained one of the local rugby teams. That was all I needed. I told him what I wanted next.

We pushed through the crowd and out a service door. In the brick-walled cobblestone alley, it was a cool, misty night, and Sean's wedding ring glinted under the lone street light. He was rock-hard for me as we kissed. Roughly, he yanked my skirt up and pushed me against the wall. "I want you so fucking bad," he rasped. He unzipped, took out his thick hard-on, reached down and ripped a hole in my fishnets, and thrust straight into me. Fuck yes. My cunt was soaked and I wanted it all.

Maggie and another waitress came out the service door for a smoke break. They watched as Sean fucked the shit out of me against the wall. I'd told Maggie before about guys I'd gone home with, but having her actually watch me taking a married man's cock in public was a huge thrill. Sean was also turned on by our audience. He picked up his rhythm as I moaned and roared, wrapping my legs around him to get my clit rubbed as good as possible as he got ready to unload in me.

"Yeah - give it to her!" Maggie called out. The sound of her voice fucking did it. I closed my eyes and stuck out my tongue as far as it would go, climaxing with a rough scream as Sean cried out and pumped his come into me. The girls applauded.

"You just had the best fuck in Saint John, didn't you, buddy?" the other girl called to Sean. They ground out their cigarettes and gave me the thumbs-up before heading back in. Sean watched approvingly as, without inhibition, I squatted down and took a post-fuck piss on the cobblestones with his come dripping out of me.

Sean told me: "I have to go, but I want to see you again. Here's my work number." He handed me his business card from a construction company, kissed me in the alley, and headed back to the main street.

We continued to fuck as often as we could, usually on Sunday afternoons. Sean would tell his wife he was at rugby practice, and we'd shack up at a sleazy motel, just off Riverview Drive on the other side of the harbor bridge. He always paid cash for a lower-floor room, and we'd leave the brown-orange curtains wide open so that the owner's teenage daughter, who doubled as the maid, could get a good look at us fucking. After the first couple of times, we started phoning the office for fresh towels so that Jennifer would have to come right in.

I lay there under the dim light bulb with my legs splayed open so that little Jennifer could see - and smell - exactly what was going on. Sean would stroke his meat in front of her too. We always tipped her well and the look on her face showed she was enjoying every moment of it. I noticed that when I gave her a glimpse of my asshole, she got particularly excited.

Sean was just as much of an exhibitionist as me and was always hard for me. It felt good to know that while his wife was home making roast chicken and parsnips, he was pounding me from behind in a cheap motel. I was leaving town soon and didn't care who saw me.

Once, I even saw the local Archbishop walking toward his car - I recognized him from a Christmas mass I'd attended with a friend the year before. Sean was kissing my neck and groping my tits as he fucked me standing up. I was bracing myself against a table in front of the window, and I made eye contact with the Archbishop. Shit, that made me cream.

But as you know, that wasn't all. A few weeks after I met Sean, I responded to a personals ad in the Telegraph-Journal. "Personable, pleasure-giving erotic massage guru, mid-20's, seeks like-minded woman for disinhibited, hedonistic exploration." I got Maggie to take two Polaroids, one of my fishnet-clad calves and one of my exposed tits, and mailed them in with a note: "I want you to please me. Coffee?"

After exchanging a couple more messages, we met at the McTavish Bakery on Sydney Street. Eric arrived early and bought us both cupcakes, along with a loaf of multigrain bread for me to take home. Smart tactical move. I was very open to hearing what this late-20's gentleman with the Nordic dirty blonde hair had to offer me. As he talked, I wasn't surprised that he turned out to be a psychology lecturer at the University of New Brunswick.

It was a titillating contrast. While Sean just wanted to fuck the shit out of me, over and over again, Eric was a talker, always looking to explore my fantasies and my body and discover new, kinky ways to get off together.

At that first bakery meeting, he sipped his coffee and listened with rapt attention as I told him about how the previous Sunday, Sean and I had tipped Jennifer $20 to stay in the room and watch as I first gave him a blowjob on the bed and then rode his thick cock until he blew a load in me.

"I'd like to get her to join in, but I think she's too shy," I told Eric. "But it's good that she's watching and seeing everything, and has to clean up our come-soaked sheets when we're done. My pleasure comes first. Wouldn't you agree?"

Eric nodded. "Tell me what you want."

A group of customers left the bakery as I leaned forward. "I want you to take me to your apartment and give me one of these nasty massages you've been talking up. But right now? You see this green sweater I'm wearing? You can tell I've got no bra on, right? I'm going to lift up my sweater now with the baker in the kitchen, and I want you to suck my nipple right here in public."

Eric gaped - but then happily obeyed. Both my nipples hardened with delight as he sucked me in deep, his tongue giving me one last flickering burst of goodness as the bell tinkled and new customers marched in.

Back at his apartment off Orange Street, we spent a delicious afternoon in fuck-play. Halfway through the massage on his red-checked quilt, he had me arching my back in delight and showing him my clenching anus and engorged cunt.

At the bakery, I'd mentioned my background as an actress, and now he fucked my mind with a fantasy about having group sex on stage at the Imperial Theater right before he ate me out to my complete satisfaction. He buried his face in my thatch, and his tongue vibrated my clit even better than that big toy I'd bought on a road trip to Portland a few years earlier. I left a juicy wet spot on the quilt after he straddled over me and inserted two fingers up my soaked cunt to milk my G-spot out. As my body stiffened up into ecstasy, I got even louder than with Sean when I let go.

The excitement of having two different men two different ways, multiple times a week, had me masturbating myself into a frenzy when I was at my place, too. I felt sure my 50-something Eastern European landlady could overhear me when I came, but I didn't care.

Eric's constant mind-fucking, combined with Sean's constant lust for me, was driving me over the edge. Before I moved back to the West Coast, I was ready to embrace my identity as a hardcore, kinky bi slut.

I sketched out my plans and then began my negotiation with Eric, Jennifer and Sean. Yes, in that order. Does that surprise you?

Eric was the easiest to deal with. I was getting dressed after he'd made me come hard, as he put away some textbooks that we'd knocked off his bedside table. I told him what I wanted and said: "Do you want to please me even more?"

Impressed, he looked at me. "You've put some real thought into this. I would love to help you give the best orgasm you've ever had in your life. And I know that's your favorite position, too. Count me in."

Then, at the motel, I phoned the front desk and summoned Jennifer while Sean was out buying us a six-pack. I explained the situation and said: "That's all you'll have to do. There's $50 in it for you. Want to play along next time?"

Jennifer shyly nodded. "Actually, you don't have to pay me. I want to do it."

And it was just before Sean had to go home to dinner that I made my indecent proposal to him. He was naked on the motel bed next to me, holding an ice bag against his thigh - not the result of fucking me in the shower earlier, but from a rugby tackle gone wrong on Friday. Despite that discomfort, I saw his cock start to harden and finally stand straight up as I told him in explicit detail what I wanted and expected.

"You really like having an audience, don't you?" I said. "You liked it when Maggie and her girlfriend watched you take me outside the Lower Deck. You're going to enjoy this even more, aren't you?"

Sean gestured toward his full erection. "Deal. Next Sunday?"

That day, Eric picked me up at a bus stop downtown and we drove across the bridge to the motel. Inside the room, Sean was waiting with Jennifer, sitting in an overstuffed armchair, stroking his cock while she watched curiously. He continued to stroke it as I introduced him to Eric. There wasn't a lot of preliminary talk needed. I had already explained everything. We were there to fuck like animals.

I stripped and lay face down on the bed, opening my thighs to show how juicy and ready my cunt was. I'd had a frig that morning because I couldn't control how excited I was. Eric and Jennifer joined me on the bed, one on either side. As I'd stipulated, Eric showed Jennifer how to give me a massage. Her soft teenage hands felt fucking incredible on me, especially when she kneaded my ass cheeks. She was wearing some sweet scent, and I asked what it was. "Lavender cream," she replied. Now you know why I like that so much.

There was a pause at one point when she had my ass cheeks wide open. Eric was stroking my hair and kissing my neck, and I could hear the steady slap-slap-slap of Sean beating off as he watched me getting pleasured. 

"Do you like the way her asshole looks?" Eric asked Jennifer.

"Yeah."

My hips were writhing with excitement.

"I've licked her asshole many times," Eric said. "Do you want to lick her too?"

Jennifer had only agreed to the massage in advance, but right now I wanted to get analingus from this teenage girl more than anything in the world.

After another moment's hesitation, I felt Jennifer's hot breath against my cheeks and the sensation of her soft hair - followed by the tip of her tongue rimming me. Oh my God. It was amazing. She licked me in slow, heavenly circles and I groaned and pushed back against her, encouraging her to slide her tongue right inside my ass. We hadn't planned this, but it was so, so good.

The men were on fire for me now. As agreed, Eric got underneath me in a 69 position, his cock sticking straight up after seeing Jennifer lick my asshole. Jennifer moved aside but continued to fondle and kiss me, running her hands over my oh-so-deliciously-sensitive tits. She began sucking my nipples as Eric moved his face up to eat me. Meanwhile, Sean came over and mounted me from behind, pushing his big, rock-hard erection into my cunt.

"What do you see?" I asked Eric in a rough voice.

"Jennifer licking and kissing your tits," he moaned.

"I love it. What else?"

"Your cunt, filled."

"With what, Eric?"

"Sean's big cock."

"Does that make you feel fucking good?"

"I know how good it makes you feel. I love it."

"I love having a married man's big cock right up my hole, right in front of your face," I told him. "Sean, fuck the shit out of me. Jennifer, come kiss me while we share Eric's cock."

Jennifer and I shared passionate tongue-kisses while Eric licked me and Sean pounded me at the same time. The sensation of Eric's tongue hungrily slurping at my swollen clit and fat lips as Sean's dick pressed down on my G-spot was fucking unbelievable. I'd always wanted to participate in a motel orgy and knew I would get off to this over and over again, even when I was fucking future husbands or boyfriends.

Sean yelled out as he began to come in my cunt and Eric kept on licking me. Jennifer moved in front of me and put her teenage ass in my face so I could lick her asshole and cunt as I prepared for my climax. As Eric licked me up, up, up toward heaven, I began to yell with pleasure and then he ejaculated on both my face and Jennifer's engorged cunt lips. I came, came, and came like the motel slut I was, feeling so fucking good. I heard voices from the parking lot and realized through my haze of overwhelming pleasure that we'd been seen yet again.

Yes, I'd say I won this negotiation.

Alas, that was the only time the four of us were able to get together again in one room. Jennifer got busy with school, but I continued to enjoy Sean and Eric separately until I moved back to the West Coast. I also regaled Maggie with my lewd fuck story. She's the only one who ever heard it - until I told you just now. I hope you cream a hundred times to it.