 Amanda had always thought her name should be Jane, 'plain' Jane in fact. She had suddenly reached 35 years of age and she realised that she was invisible. During school and her twenties it was always her friends that were noticed by the men that she liked. She had endured many evenings out where handsome men had walked passed to chat to her friends. Her brief marriage to Carl was a convenience rather than a love affair with rom-com like qualities. Yes, he was nice at times, but he too 'noticed' one of her friends and that lead to a long and slow divorce. She felt that she had settled for what she could get rather than what she desired and needed.

At 35 she felt more confident in herself and less worried about making mistakes. While blowing out the candles on her cake she made herself a promise rather than making the traditional wish that had always seemed fruitless in the last 34 years. She pledged to be more outgoing, vivacious and demanding. The days of the doormouse were gone.

As a reasonably pretty, long haired brunette at 5'5 and nine stone she considered herself as slightly above average. She thought her admin job at the law firm was average. Her two bed flat in Bromley, fair. The Ford Fiesta, common. Her dress sense, humdrum. Her love-life non existent and her sex life extinct! 

A recent course at work had made her rethink her life. The facilitator, a reasonably attractive successful law firm partner, was discussing decision making with her group. He suggested the simple decision making process of deciding upon pros and cons. He said that you should write down the plus points and negative points and then make your decision. A simple way of deciding upon future actions. He suggested asking a question such as- 

Does this person have enough experience and charisma/personality for the promotion that they are applying for?

YesNo

5 years in roleManagement experience

ConfidentColleagues don't respect him

Presentations- GoodPresentation/Dress

Budget experience

He also said that sometimes the cons can outweigh the pros or vice versa despite the added numbers and as we can see above that this person would not fit the role. He also stated that finding a simple action plan following this process can make huge differences. It opened her eyes as she liked the simplicity.

Amanda decided to apply this process to her life and to some of her future decisions. Simple she thought. 

It was a cold November Saturday morning. Amanda sat at home in her office, catching up with some paperwork. It popped into her head, what were her new priorities? She listed them.

New job

New man

New hobby

Holiday/s

Sex

Image/health

She started to think about how she would prioritise the topics on her list. After a long deliberation she decided that in order to achieve them all she would improve her image and health as a starting point.

Amanda decided that her savings were less important than her happiness and her first steps to success were a serious shopping trip and a visit to the salon for a makeover. She also researched a number of the female makeover and fashion magazines and while doing this she could not help but noticed that they had a variety of other chapters and articles. Many of these articles caught her eye especially certain sexy ones. The overriding message that she was getting that everyone was having more sex than her!!  

The articles had titles such as- How to be better in bed. How to have better orgasms. Is one enough? Is two too many?. An orgy, is it for me? He opened my eyes and then my legs!

She read them all and enjoyed the openness of the articles, their questioning, and the responses from the people involved. She was impressed and a little surprised at some of the things that she read about. It seemed that normal, ordinary people were having wild and exciting sex behind closed doors. It turned her on. She spent ten minutes looking at the suggestive images and reading the comments of other women (similar to her). Her right hand had strayed beneath her skirt to her thighs and even higher to the waistband of her panties. Soon she found herself lying back and imagining herself in some of the scenes that she had read about. Her hand slipped below her waistband and lower passed her soft pubic hair and to her surprisingly wet clit. Her fingers lingered there stroking herself for what seemed like ages. A montage of images were running though her head as she played with herself. She felt liberated as this was not something she usually did. The wetness felt amazing and she noticed that her stroking was increasing in speed. She also found herself moaning loudly as she repeatedly touched highly sensitive areas of herself. An orgasm was rising. She came very strongly and she did not want the feeling to end. Not only that, she wanted it to become far more regular.

Amanda looked at the clock, 10 am. Lots of time to get things done!! A few phone calls later and the hair and make-up appointment was made. She also went a step further and booked a personal shopper session in the local well regarded department store. The newly found confidence was kicking in!

The shopping trip felt great. Amanda realised that she, for the first time in a long time was open to suggestion. She sat in the hairdresser's chair and the well experienced stylist asked 'what are we doing today?' 

Amanda's response was 'Give me a few options. What do you think would suit me?'

Amanda felt nervous as hell when saying this, she really didn't fancy spikes or a skinhead! The stylist showed her a picture of a well manicured bob. Adventurous but not crazy. Amanda agreed, zealously.

It looked great. Never before had she had the courage to look slightly cutting edge. This certainly did. It would be the first time that her friends noticed that she had changed her hair since the bowl cut in primary school!!

Next stop, the personal shopper. Never having done this before, she had no idea what to expect. Surprisingly, she was met by a man, his name was Phillip. He was well dressed in a navy Tom Ford suit, well polished shoes and a smart Omega watch. He greeted her with a slight Italian accent, not due to heritage but due to many a year there researching fashion. 

They chatted and after a while she realised that Phillip was amazing at his job. She felt like she had known him for a long time even though their paths had never crossed. 

The consultation had included a number of questions and a couple of glasses of champagne-

Is this your first personal shopping experience?

What kind of image are you trying to portray?

Which outfits do you require?

Is this a complete experience?

The visited a variety of departments, Armani, Mary Portas, Pied A Terre, Biba, Hobbs, Phase Eight and many more. Amanda could not believe how good this man was at finding things that suited her. Almost everything he picked out looked good, some looked stunning. She purchased a number of things-

Hobbs- Gemma Dress- £99

Hobbs- Sequin Jasmine Dress- £89

Ralph Lauren- Lauren Dress- £154

Jaeger- Boots- £115

Karen Millen- Fun Colourful Court- £70

Numerous knitwear, pairs of jeans, handbags, accessories and even a hat- £420 

Then again- the question the question that she didn't quite understand-

Is this a complete experience?

'What do you mean she asked?' Very curious about his direction.

'Lingerie' he said. 'It's the polite way of asking if the outfits will be completed'.

'I'd be embarrassed to try on lingerie with you as my aid.' Amanda said.

'Why?' Phillip replied. 'I have done this many times and with many woman that are nowhere near as attractive as you.'

Blushing, she replied 'I have only worn lingerie in front of a handful of men and never one that I met in a department store!'.

'Relax' he said as he passed her a third glass of Moet.

Clever, she thought and they proceeded to the lingerie department.

'Colours?' he asked. I'm sure you'll look stunning in black.

'Black is my favourite' she replied.

He looked her up and down and said '34D, size 8 briefs?'

'Your good!' Her reply.

'Sit down' he said firmly.

Without thinking, she did, straight away.

A few minutes later he returned with a number of different items. Lace, silk, cotton, some simple, some very extravagant and erotic.

Again, she blushed and said ' Would you like me to try these on or just buy them?'

He said ' Try these two on and trust me on the others'.

He handed her a black silk bra and g-string combination. She took them and remembered her pledge. More confidence, vivaciousness and desire. She almost skipped to the dressing room not noticing Phillip close behind her.

On entering the palacious changing room she looked at herself in the mirror. 'Are you really doing this?' She mouthed to herself. 

'Yes' she replied as she felt a shimmer of excitement run through her body. She was going to show her semi naked body to a man that she had barely met. She examined herself in the mirror and decided that it was the sexiest that she had looked in twenty years.

She then turned and approached the changing room door. She stopped, gathered her confidence and then opened the door. To her surprise, Phillip was sat in a leather armchair facing her. His demeanour was calm but his eyes said stunning! Her reaction surprised her. She simply smiled at him, stood still and beckoned him to look up and down at her. He complied with her demand. He stared almost open mouthed, trying to conceal how astounded he was by the view that was bestowed upon him.

Again she beckoned him, this time towards her....... 

She retreated into the changing room. Phillip followed, never taking his eyes from her's. She stopped when the wall proved that retreat was no longer an option. He approached her, slowly locking the door behind them. 

Amanda smiled and opened her arms. They embraced and she kissed him, deeply. He reciprocated but she surprised herself again when she found that she was the aggressor. She smothered him strongly with her arms and she inwardly knew that the real Amanda was finally showing herself. Her hands grasped at his smart suit and his belt. Then she stopped, not because of nervousness but because she wanted to remain in control.

She stepped back and slowly removed both her g-string and her expensive bra. Again she beckoned him to look at her and she felt a heat between her legs that she had never felt before. His looks lingered on her full breasts and they lowered to her nicely trimmed pussy he then returned his gaze to her smile. She then gestured at his clothes and without speaking he undressed completely. 

'Impressive' she said as he too stood there naked. It was now her time to look him up and down. Strong upper body, slightly hairy chest, slim stomach, trim rather than muscular. Then she admired what she had been curious about all day, his cock. Thick and hard and ready for action, it almost seemed to address her attention. She could not hold herself back for one second more.

Her arms extended and her two hands grasped at the shaft of his heavily, erect penis. A soft moan of pleasure seeped from Phillip's mouth.

She looked him in the eyes as she lowered her mouth to the tip of his cock. He watched her all the way down as she took her first taste. She licked and sucked hurrily as this was the first taste of real lust that she had enjoyed in at least two years. She then composed herself into a rhythm that excited him and her even more. She felt him grow even harder in her mouth. A feeling that she had nearly forgotten existed. A favourite feeling of hers- she remembered. One hand slipped between her legs for the second time in one day, unprecedented.

His moans grew louder and louder and Amanda had to remind him of where they actually were. He remembered their location and suppressed his expression of ecstasy. She continued to gain pleasure from this remarkably anomalous tryst. He loved the vision and the feeling of having his cock sucked by this wonderfully, sexually liberated woman (or so he thought). 

She continued to suck him deeply and lick up and down on his strong shaft. She felt him quiver in her hands and she expected a thick bolt of cum to shoot into her mouth. She was wrong however and he still had staying power. Her own fingers were soaking from her pussy playing and she now wanted to be filled by his hard cock.

She stepped back again, completely releasing his penis from her hands and her mouth. She looked in the changing room mirror and realised that she was sexy and they looked amazing together. She turned away from him and placed her hands on the low changing room bench.

Amanda then caught Phillip's eye while staring in the mirror. Simply she mouthed the words 'fuck me' to him. She watched and felt as he gripped her hips, positioned the tip of his cock in the mouth of her pussy and then drove forward straight into her deeply with no resistance whatsoever from her absolutely soaking pussy. She almost screamed out loudly but she muffled it to a strong moan. She watched as Phillip began to pump his very hard cock into her wanton pussy. Over and over again she felt him fill her and then leave her empty. She loved it and so did he. Watching him as he fucked her was amazing, another new experience. Deeply, powerfully it continued and she quickly came once. It didn't stop and she forced herself back on his cock to get him deeper and deeper as loved every stroke. She watched as he got closer and closer to orgasm and then as she sensed he was near, she turned, dropped to her knees and watched as his cum shot all over her face. There were at least three bursts that she witnessed and again she was soaked but in a different body area. She then looked up to meet his spent gaze, her face covered in cum while smiling broadly.

No words were spoken as they dressed. Smiles were still exchanged and Amanda walked happily (if a little dishevelled) towards the till with her new lingerie purchases, another £220 spent but it was really, really worthwhile.

As she left the store, Phillip approached again. 

'Would you like my number, or should I take yours?' He said.

'Neither, but I may call on you again, I'll find you if I want you!' She replied.

She turned and smiled as she left the store.

'It had begun, what was next?' she thought.

Amanda ran through every step of her adventure in her mind as she drove back to the fair Bromley two bed. She loved the feeling of being in control of her actions. She could not believe how confidently she had portrayed herself with Phillip. The look of disappointment in his eye as she, 'plain' Jane turned and walked away. It felt powerful and she liked it. 

The flat was neat and tidy as she always kept it. The evening had begun and it was getting dark outside. She showered, played and then settled to watch television but she could not concentrate on it. Her mind was focussed on only one thing her newly found sexiness. She re-read her list from earlier that day. One thing had jumped to the top of her priorities very quickly- Sex. She realised she wanted more and more. 

The evening slipped into night and she deliberated on one thing. Should she tell someone what she had done? The question rang through her mind like the bells of Westminster Cathedral. Another question- If she told someone, who?

Her mind ran back to the decision making process that had helped her earlier in the day.

Should she tell someone?

Yes

They would be surprised but impressed

They'd see her confidence

She would not be plain Jane any more

No

They would think she was a slut

The decision was made- Yes she would disclose her adventure, her first adventure. Now who to tell??

She had a number of friends, some from school and some from University. They were varied, some single and some married. They were all of similar age. The regular group of four were Sandra, Donna, Carol and Natalie. They met up about once a month for drinks and a bite to eat up town. It would usually be a wine bar or restaurant, the wine would be white and the conversation shallow. Carol and Sandra would propel towards family talk about first steps or first words. Donna would steer the conversation to her rocketing career in the city and the recent property acquisitions of her husband. Then there was Natalie and she would talk of her latest acquisition, usually a man.

Natalie was an eye catcher that was never afraid to act upon her powers of seduction. Small at 5'2 and approximately 8 stone she was a fire cracker waiting to go off and go off she did, frequently. Gossip between the other girls had often portrayed Natalie as a brooding nymphomaniac, but Amanda had never spoken directly to her about this. She had heard rumours from Donna of two men in a weekend visiting Natalie. The result was that they left more tired than her! 

Natalie walked with a glint in her eye and she never failed to get the attention of a man that she wanted. It was usually a man that Amanda had her eye on. Natalie was certainly the one to tell.

Amanda had her feet up on the sofa, she had put on her nightie. A black silk slip that she felt very comfortable in. The heating was up high and dialled Natalie's number. Natalie picked up quickly. 

'Hi Amanda, how are you?' Said Natalie

'Hi Natalie, I'm really good. Not out tonight?' Asked Amanda

'I have plans for later, I'm being picked up at 10' She replied

'Wow, that's late?' Said Amanda

'Yes and it should be fun too, I think it will be an all nighter, I may tell you about it sometime!' 

'I hope so' Replied Amanda with a huge number of thoughts running through her mind.

'So what do I owe this honor to? Asked Natalie.

'Well I have something to tell you........' Amanda said nervously

Amanda then told of how her day had unravelled she couldn't believe how openly she spoke about her dangerous liasion. She started slowly but once she got going she was very happy to disclose every detail. Natalie listened almost silently until Amanda told her of the conclusion in the store. Natalie then actually started clapping and giggling and she said 'Amanda, I always knew there was a fire burning inside you'.

As she was talking she was unknowingly getting turned on, actually they both were. Amanda finished the monologue with 'I'm all hot and bothered now and I have nothing or no-one to play with'. She couldn't believe it when Natalie said 'You've sent me in that direction too. I'm certainly going to have a play before my all night adventure'.

'What are you up to tonight?' Amanda asked playfully.

'Well that certainly would be telling, but I have a man named Paul picking me up and he's taking me to a club in London. I'm really impressed that you had such a great day. More tales like that and I may start inviting you out with me!' Natalie replied.

'Oh please do, I'm sure you could teach me a trick or two.'

'I certainly know a number of people that could teach you many things if you want?

'I want!' Amanda replied without any hesitation at all.

'A simple question Amanda, are you also bisexual? I am you see.'

'I've never really thought about it, but I like the thought of the softness of a woman.' Why shouldn't I try everything? Other people are, Amanda thought.

'Why don't we meet up later this week? I'll tell you about tonight and we can discuss anything that you want to.' Natalie asked. 

'Sounds great' Amanda replied

'Two more things before I go. Firstly, I'd like you to research your bisexuality- do that however you wish. Secondly, would you like a gift tonight if I can organise something for you?'

'What do you mean by a gift Natalie?' Amanda asked.

'No questions, just a yes or no please.' replied Natalie.

'Yes then' 

'Great, be ready.' 

The phone went down.

Amanda looked the clock, 9pm. She had no idea what Natalie had meant by either a gift or be ready. It excited her.
