  Author's note:Welcome to my second summer contest entry, Been awhile since I posted in the group sex category and what better time for a hot threesome, than summer time? Enjoy! Lovecraft68

*

I leaned against the bar watching the action out on the dance floor and couldn't help licking my lips. God bless summer! Everywhere my eyes wandered, I spotted exactly what Doug and I had come here to find: plenty of hot young things. Even better, the first heat wave of the season had caused inspired the club had to open up its beachfront a week early. 

We'd caught wind of the opening last night ago, and after our usual Saturday-night dinner date, we'd taken a ride to the under 21 club and spent over an hour sitting out on a deck that overlooked the beach.

The girls were out there wearing next to nothing, and as much as I knew Doug was enjoying the view, I was sure I was more worked up than he was. It had been awhile since we'd had some company, as we referred to it. Watching the scantily clad young girls dance by the large bonfire was making me more than aware that it was high time we did something about that. 

After a while, we decided to enter the club itself where to my chagrin I discovered the dress code banned bikinis, so if any of the young lovelies from the beach wanted in they would have to get dressed. My disappointment was short-lived as once inside it was apparent the club didn't require a lot of clothing, just not bathing suits.

Right now, I felt like a kid in a candy store! Not only was the club packed with our chosen prey, but what a selection! Every type of pretty young lady was on display before me; not only blondes, brunettes, and redheads, but also some slender, some with a little curve to them. Many of the girls were chesty and flaunting their large, soft breasts, while some had perky little tits that were equally well-displayed in their tight tops and dresses.

I could feel my pussy heating up between my thighs at the sight of a pretty little brunette in a skirt so short I could make out the curve of her ass as she bent over and shoved it back into the crotch of her lucky boyfriend. Damn, she was sweet; they all were. That was what I loved about girls in their late teens and early twenties, that sweet look.

Those soft features, those big eyes and trembling lips, even the ones who weren't so sweet had that look to them. I shifted as I turned to face the other side of the dance floor and sighed when the material of my lace bra rubbed across my stiff nipples.

When we first entered the club, Doug, who must have been as worked up as I was, suggested we try picking up a girl here rather than go home and look though the local personals or an escort service as we had in the past. At first I'd been skeptical. Yes, I understood his point about the added thrill and the air of risk it involved, but how the hell did we approach someone?

We'd done it previously at special parties thrown by local swingers, but everyone at these parties, even the younger men and women, knew what was going on and were eager to participate. Here, it would be hard to find someone willing to go along with our favorite hobby of being an early-forties couple playing with young women.

Now that we were here, however, I was horny as hell and ready to go for it. We'd been at the bar about a half hour and the two Captain and Cokes I'd had on the beach along with a couple of shots of good ole Cuervo had helped loosen me up. The bevy of young beauties was certainly heating me up.

"Like a goddamn buffet, isn't it?" Doug asked, pressing a fresh C&C into my hand.

"An all-you-can-eat buffet!" I responded, laughing before taking a sip of my drink.

"So, anyone standing out to you?" 

I shook my head. "I don't know. Couldn't go wrong with any of them."

"Okay, so now what?" He slid his arm around my waist.

I turned to look at him and rolled my eyes. "You tell me. This was your idea, oh mighty hunter!"

Doug laughed. Squeezing me closer to him, he took a sip from his Heineken. As always, his laugh was loud and genuine, and a few people glanced over at him and smiled. I did as well. Doug was one of those people whose smile and laughter and almost annoyingly at times, upbeat personality, spread to those around him. I tended to be more on the serious side and was the one who worried about everything so we balanced each other out well.

Still looking at him, I appreciated the gleam in his big blue eyes and the smile on his face. Even when he wasn't laughing or joking, Doug looked as if he were about to. Between his carefree expression, the blue eyes, and his dirty blond hair, Doug possessed a boyish charm that belied his forty-two years and made me fall in love with him again every time I looked at him.

From the neck down, however, there was nothing boyish about my handsome hubby. He wasn't tall at just under six feet, but he carried a solid hundred and ninety pounds, none of which was fat.

Doug had worked as a personal trainer since just out of college and led by example. His shoulders were broad and his arms and chest were a testament to a lifetime of working out as was his still perfect thirty two waist. Slipping my arm around that waist, I sighed. "So, you really have no idea how to do this?"

"Well," he said, giving me a sly smile, "I kind of figure you're going to have to be our ice breaker."

"What do you mean me? This was your idea!"

"Yup, and part of the fun is watching you get us started." He shrugged. "Think about it, Kim. If I approach one of these girls, I might get slapped for being a creepy old guy and—"

"You don't look old or creepy," I told him, leaning over and kissing his cheek. "You're a good-looking guy, and damn, do you fill those jeans out!" I gave his ass a good hard squeeze for emphasis.

"Well, to you, maybe, but some of these girls will think, eww, he's my dad's age. But even if they are receptive to me, how do we know they would be into you?"

I frowned. "Well, you have to—"

"So," he went on, "I figure if you approach them and they seem into you, that's half the battle. And it would be less creepy if you start talking to them, then point me out and go from there."

"You could have discussed this before," I pointed out, scowling.

"But then we wouldn't be here!" He laughed again. Lowering his face to mine, he gave me a soft kiss. "Come on, baby, cast the line and reel in a hot one."

"Like they won't think, eww, she's my mom's age?" 

"Hell no, baby. You just look like their hot older sister!" he told me with a perfectly straight face.

"You're full of shit!" I smiled though. "But you are smooth!" I turned back to look at the crowd and shook my head.

"Thing is, the ones with boyfriends are off limits and the rest are all here with a bunch of friends." I tapped him on the chest as I continued. "You know, Doug, that's a problem. I strike out and one of these little blabbermouths tells their friends and it's all over the club."

"Well, don't strike out." For the first time, he looked serious. "Okay, well keep looking and see if either one's alone or maybe just with a friend."

"This would be so much easier if we were looking for a boy." I made a show of cupping my full breasts, pushing them further up in my already low-cut red dress. "Just show them these and say, 'hey, let's go'. Hell, they wouldn't even care if you were there as long as they got a piece." "You want a guy?" He shrugged. "It's been a long time since we have, but you know, if you want to—"

"No. You're all I need when it comes to cock. Besides, a guy is just for me. We can both enjoy one of these little hotties." I gave him a wink and a quick kiss. "But I love that you ask."

"Speaking of asking..." He leaned closer and pointed off to the left. "See the cute redhead in the black skirt?"

I followed the line of his finger and my eyes widened at the sight of a tall slender redhead. She was wearing a red sleeveless shirt that looked as if it could barely contain her breasts. 

Even from a distance, I could see the top half of those creamy white globes and felt my heart skip a beat at the thought of what they would feel like. The black skirt Doug had called out was not just barely down past her ass, but was slit up the side, exposing her skin up to the hip.

As I stared, she glanced my way. The killer body belonged to a face that looked as if she may have had a hard time convincing people she was the required eighteen.

"Oh my god, she's precious!" I exclaimed. "I'm so glad we came to an under-21 club!"

"Now, that's a remark every husband should hear coming from his wife!"

"Is it even better than, 'here honey, now you lick her pussy'?"

"Umm, no. I think that one is still tops!" He laughed and nodded back towards the redheaded goddess who, to my amazement, had just sat by herself at one of the small tables along the edge of the dance floor. "I was watching her before. She was dancing with a guy, then he wandered off. Just before I brought your drink, she was up there with a cute blonde and they were either putting on a little cock tease show, or she's into women."

"Really?" I took a deep breath. "Okay, well I'll try to—shit!" I exclaimed, glancing at my watch.

"What's the matter?"

"We were only supposed to eat, then sit by the beach for an hour or so. We're supposed to be keeping an eye on Jenna, remember?"

"Oh, please." Doug waved his hand at me. "We've been home the last four nights and so has she. The most she did was have her girlfriend sleep over to watch some movies."

"Maybe because we've been home." I frowned as I continued my train of thought. "If we stay out maybe she'll—"

"What, have a guy over? So what, she's nineteen."

"Try telling her parents that if she does something stupid when we're supposed to be keeping an eye out." Doug rolled his eyes, but I kept going.

"They're only gone a few more days and it's the first time they've left her alone for more than a night. They're going away for two weeks next month too, and Jenna really doesn't wasn't to go and the grandparent's that watched her moved to Florida last year. They agreed to give her the chance to stay home as long as we would watch out for her and she doesn't get in any trouble. Maybe we should hold off."

"Come on, Kim, Jenna's not that type. Don't get me wrong. She's a pretty girl and I'm sure the boys notice that, but I never see her dressing slutty or hanging around with guys. She's a good kid. I doubt she'll do anything, and besides, how does she know what time we're coming home?"

"The way I'm dressed might make her think we're—"

"Forget Jenna!" Doug snapped. "That girl looks like she's leaving!"

I glanced over. A wave of indecision passed through me when the girl stood and slung her purse over her shoulder. "I think she is leaving!"

"Hold on," Doug said. I could feel his fingers around my waist trembling with excitement. "Come on, honey," he whispered. "Head for the bathroom, not the door!"

Even as I held my breath waiting to see which direction she would turn, a wave of mixed emotions flowed through me. I was concerned we were supposed to be doing Jim and Laurie a favor by keeping an eye on their daughter, but at the same time was nervous, as well as turned on, at the thought of trying to pick this girl up. Smiling, I realized what I also felt was young. Young and adventurous.

"Yes!" Doug raised his beer in a salute as our target put her back to us and headed for the bathroom.

I watched the back of her long, well-shaped legs for a moment before raising my gaze higher and letting out a low whistle at how good her ass looked in the skintight skirt. "Goddamn," I whispered.

"Jenna will be fine. She has our numbers if anything is wrong." Doug gave me a playful push. "Now go get her, hot stuff!"

"How?" I put my hands up.

"She was up there with a girl, so follow her to the bathroom. On the way out, see if she'll dance with you. I think you can handle it from there. Now go work it, baby!"

"And you'll be working hard, sitting here watching me take all the risk?" I rolled my eyes.

"You get her on the floor, and I'll be doing everything hard! Now seriously, go hit the bathroom. She won't make it back across the floor without someone putting a move on her."

I nodded. After a quick kiss for luck, I threaded my way through the crowded dance floor. Even though I was on my way to try to seduce the redhead, I still couldn't keep my eyes off all the young women bumping and grinding around me. God, I was hot, and it wasn't just from the warm summer air! If we couldn't make this work tonight, I was going to see if the escort service could deliver on short notice because no way in hell was I going without a sweet little treat tonight.

"Hey!" a voice called out directly behind me.

I turned around to see a good-looking young man with dark hair and a pair of beautiful hazel eyes looking at me.

"Me?" I asked.

"Yeah, um..." He looked down a little nervously and continued. "I was wondering if you'd like to dance?"

I smiled at the thought this young kid wanted to take me for a spin. A few minutes ago, I would have just to put on a show for Doug, but I needed to get my ass into the bathroom.

"You want to dance with me?" I gestured towards all the people around us. "All these pretty girls and you want someone who could be your mom?"

He laughed. "My mom never looked like you! Age doesn't matter, hot is hot!"

"Why, thank you! Honey, you just made my night." So far anyway. "Tell you what, I'm trying to hook up for, um"—I winked—"a different kind of fun, but hey, if it doesn't work out, I'll keep my eye out for you and maybe we can share a dance or two."

He blatantly gave me a good long up and down stare."Well, I know it sounds selfish, but I hope it doesn't work out."

"You'll be the first to know, sweetie!"

I turned away and as I headed for the bathroom made sure I put some extra swing in my hips. I could just imagine him watching my ass the same way I had stared at the young girls and felt my nipples stiffen once more. As I closed in on the bathroom, I looked around and noticed more than a few of the young men around me turning to look and began smiling and nodding at them. Damn, we would have to do this again. Maybe next time it would be a young man we would bring home.

I entered the bathroom and a fresh case of nerves assailed me. Through a stroke of luck, a quick glance told me that there was no one in the stalls and that my hopefully soon-to- be newfound friend was at the long counter fixing her hair in front of the mirror. There was one other girl there as well, but she was leaning against the wall speaking quietly into a phone and staring down at the floor, her long blonde hair hanging over her face and concealing her features. Taking a deep breath, I walked over to the counter. Standing next to the redhead, I put my purse down and removed my lipstick.

While I slowly applied deep red to my lips, I looked over at my heart's current desire. From this close, I could see that despite the makeup she appeared even younger, and I had no doubt she was just eighteen. Her big blue eyes were focused on her face as she applied her own pink lipstick and I dropped my gaze to stare at her amazing cleavage. Her creamy white breasts were bigger than my own rather ample chest and I could all but feel them beneath my touch. With her red hair and fair complexion, I could just imagine how pink her nipples would be, which meant her pussy would be as well.

My own pussy was heating up again, and as the girl looked over at me, I gave her a smile and returned my attention to my reflection. I put my lipstick down and made a show of fluffing out my long black hair, and acting as if I were checking my mascara, peered closely at my large expressive brown eyes. I risked a sidelong glance her way and felt my heat skip a beat when I saw she was still looking at me. My dress was not quite as low-cut as hers, but it displayed my breasts well and was short enough to show off my long legs that were well-toned from years of jogging with Doug. I stepped back and adjusted my dress, pulling it up slightly before smoothing it down over the curve of my hips.

I stepped back to the counter. As I tried to figure out what to say, she made my night by speaking first. 

"You have really pretty eyes," she said softly.

"Thank you." I flashed a big smile. "So do you. I always wished I had big blue eyes like yours." 

"Thanks." She giggled, the sound causing a wave of heat between my legs. She gave me a nervous smile and seemed as if she were trying to think of something else to say.

"Actually," I spoke up, her shyness helping me to grow bolder, "You have a very pretty everything." 

"Oh!" She smiled and to my delight blushed. "You really think so?"

"I do." I nodded and reached out, gently brushing a strand of red hair from her face. "I'm Kim, by the way."

"Becca." 

"Nice to meet you, Becca." Seeing her looking down at my legs, I fought to keep my voice steady as I asked, "You here alone?"

"Sort of. I came with a friend, but then she ran into a guy she knew and sort of left me hanging." She paused and once again gave me that shy smile. "Are you?"

"Sort of." I winked, not wanting to mention Doug right then. "Anyway, I'm all set here and was going to head out onto the floor." I smiled and took the plunge. "Would you like to dance with me?"

"Yeah, sure!" she answered quickly.

"Then, let's go!" As I spoke, I extended my hand and to my delight she smiled and took it. 

I lead her out of the bathroom, and as we made our way towards the middle of the floor, I spotted Doug and tried not to laugh when he saluted me with his beer. There was a fast-paced dance mix playing, and as I guided her to the side of the dance floor facing Doug, I released her hand, and turning to face her, began to dance. The song wasn't conducive to getting to close to her, but that was fine with me because right now I was getting a damn good show.

Becca was standing about three feet in front of me. Raising her arms over her head, she shook everything she had, and goddamn, did this girl have it to shake! Her tits looked as if they could fall out of her dress at any moment. I hoped to hell they didn't because I didn't know if I would be able to resist grabbing them. Becca did a quick spin sending her long red hair flying and her skirt flaring up flashed me a quick view of the cheeks of her ass.

As I put on a show of shaking my own considerable assets, I made a similar spin and saw Doug staring at us with a look of pure lust on his face. I had no doubt that he was as hard as he said he would be. The look in his eyes sent another wave of heat through me. I turned back to face Becca and caught a similar look in her blue eyes as they immediately fastened on my tits. My nipples stiffened at the idea that she was into me and I would have no trouble seducing her. But it wasn't just me I was trying to get her to play with, and I hoped to hell I could count on some good old-fashioned reason-inhibiting lust to get her to go along with us.

I received another sign things could go our way as the high-tempo dance mix ended and a slower mix with a nice sensual beat came on. Without hesitating, I stepped up, put my hands on her hips, and began swaying seductively. Becca gave me one of those precious nervous giggles and moved along with me. I leaned in close and her blue eyes widened as our breasts pressed together. It was everything I could do to hold back a moan at the contact, especially when I noticed my nipples weren't the only ones that were hard. 

Becca's hands left my hips and started slowly running up and down my sides. I quickly spun and leaned back against her reaching behind me. I wrapped one arm around her neck drawing her face next to mine. Dropping my other arm, I reached around, and throwing caution to the wind, placed it on her ass and squeezed. I felt Becca's breath against my neck when she gasped. I released a breath of my own at how firm her ass was. I could feel her rubbing her breasts against my back as her arms encircled my waist.
