 My wife and I moved into the quiet, south Florida bedroom community that was mostly occupied by retired folks. After a few years, our retired neighbors were moving on, and young, first time homebuyers were scarfing up the homes, remodeling them, and, in general really improving the community and driving up home values.

Next door to us was a rental with a nice couple. Jim and Pepper were friendly from the beginning. We frequently had the 'over the fence' conversations that are common in the suburbs. Jim was a bit on the smallish side and Pepper was about the same height, 5'4". Being 22 and still in his prime, Bill was in great shape, but not a muscle bound gym freak. Pepper was an attractive Spanish woman that was a little chunky in all the right places. A pouf stomach that protruded beyond her low-cut shorts by an inch or so, showed off by the short tank tops was extremely enticing. A permanent 'Latino tan' gave her skin a silky looking texture. Large breasts adorned her up top (probably 34D), usually unencumbered by a bra, and were tantalizingly bouncy in the tank tops she usually wore while doing yard work -- if she wasn't in her bikini. Her swivel hips and sweet swinging ass - when she walked - could not be ignored. She was an incredibly sexy Latino with energy and sensuous attractiveness.

Across the street was an equally attractive young couple, Jake and Marion. Nothing spectacular about these two 25 year olds, just that Jake was about 5 foot 10 inches and kind of skinny. Marion was 'modelesque': tall, maybe 6 foot, very thin, well-proportioned body, and pert tits. Notable about Jake and Marion was that every Saturday morning was grass-cutting day with Marion behind the lawn mower in her fairly skimpy bikini (for our neighborhood) and Jake in his swim trunks doing the trimming. Even in the morning, the hot and humid Florida weather turned their bodies into glistening sculptures as they finished their yard work. They probably didn't think anyone noticed, but frequently during their front yard work activity, they would have body contact, obviously enjoying the skin slickness caused by their sweating bodies. I wished that I could see them work in their back yard.

Down on the corner lived Margaret and Paul. Both Margaret and Paul moved down from the hills of north Georgia, and brought real 'southern culture' to us Florida immigrants. Paul was a talkative guy, going a mile a minute in his conversations. With his southern drawl it was sometimes difficult to understand what he was talking about. Like he was talking a foreign language. 

Margaret was also very southern, but she was proper. It's not that this is negative, but when she was doing lawn work, her shorts always had a crease from ironing, she had matching blouses or tank tops along with her matching hat. While not really needing it, even doing yard work she adorned herself with plenty of make-up. Margaret was a knockout. She had a classic hourglass figure and very large tits, probably around 36DD. Although proper in dress, all the neighborhood guys would try to get a titty shot whenever she bent over in the yard. Most of us gave up trying to get a glimpse of our imagined perfect globes of hers, so we became satisfied with her gorgeous, rounded ass when she bent over.

Even though Judy and I were about 20 years older than the others, we all struck up a nice neighbor style relationship. The ladies had coffee in the morning at each other's house, and the guys usually congregated at our house given that I have a pool table and a keg of beer on tap. We'd go to Margaret and Paul's for Christmas parties, backyard picnics were usually at our house because of the beer keg and BBQ smoker, and we had other parties at the other folks' house frequently on other special occasions like birthdays, 4th of July, etc.

My wife Judy and I have had a successful marriage of 18 years. Our bedroom activities had been great for all of those years, although limited in variation due to our mid-west, conservative up bringing. However, we thought we were pretty progressive in sexual matters and manners. While not stopping at the typical missionary position, early in our marriage we experimented with various sexual positions. It was not until about 3 years ago, though, that we experimented beyond intercourse. It happened one night after going down to a friend's pub for wings and beer. Judy typically limits herself to one or two beers, as that is her sensibility point. That night, however, she may have had five.

Anyway, after returning home, we each took showers, climbed into bed, and after Judy had those five beers, I figured lights out; good night. As I usually do, I'm laying on my stomach as my beer induced snoring drives Judy up the wall.

As I lay there in a semi horny mood -- as I frequently get after a few beers, I'm just about ready to fall asleep, when Judy rolls over and wraps her legs around one of my thighs, and I feel her naked warmth against my thigh. As we both have been sleeping naked for quite a few years, her nakedness was not a surprise, but the way she squeezed my thigh and pushed her pussy against it was sensuous. 

After several moments, she pulled my thigh away from my other leg, and widely exposed my crotch. A few seconds later I feel her roll over between my legs and her hair is tickling my crotch. As I am lying on my stomach, her hair streams down my butt crack and rests atop of my balls, providing an erotic cloud-like massage sensation. I feel Judy's hands finger crawl under my thighs -- she must be on her back - and she pushes upwards ever so slightly. I react by poking my ass higher in the air as I feel Judy pull herself closer to my balls. 

With my butt a few inches in the air, I feel Judy begin to kiss and suck on my balls. Oooh, such a sensational feeling. Her nose and her hair are brushing against my now rapidly growing penis. She begins licking my left ball gently as if she's caressing the most fragile flower petal. Then sucking it into her mouth, and teasing it with her tongue; my erection is getting harder than it's ever been. 

She repeats this tantalizing teasing with my other ball. Briefly she removes one of her hands from my thighs and begins lightly caressing the area between my balls and my asshole. It sends shivers through my whole body. Her other hand continues to support my thigh as my ass is still in the air, and she skootches up a little more and begins licking the length of my now very hard penis, not only do I hear myself moaning as this is a new treat from my wife, but I hear Judy moaning and asking me to fuck her mouth. 

She increases her fingertip touch on my thighs, and my ass rises higher now providing enough room for me to position the head of my cock on her lips. She laps at the large, dripping volume of pre-cum that has accumulated at the head of my penis, and then moans in ecstasy like I've never heard from her before. 

Mmmm, she licks the opening and then continues to flick her tongue over the very sensitive underside of the glans. Between licks she tells me how good I taste. I'm almost ready to cum with her erotic moans and light touches. Then she releases my thighs and with one hand grabs my penis and sticks it into her mouth while she massages my balls with the other hand as if with the touch of a feather.

With her mouth full of my dick, she moans and again asks me to fuck her mouth. After only seconds, I'm ready to cum. Knowing this is the first time for her to blow me, I tell her I'm ready and start to lift up and out of her mouth. But both her hands reach around, grabbing my butt she pulls me closer and shoves most of my 7 inches into her mouth as I ejaculate with an intensity I've never before experienced. 

I'm shooting my jism into my wife's mouth; once, twice, three times,  o-o-o-oh, I've lost count. The pleasure streams of my cum surging from the base of my cock down through the length of it and out the opening is driving me into a frenzy, and I don't want it to end. But it's ending, and as I near the end, I thrust my hips forward, sinking my cock deeper in Judy's mouth, and I'm flexing my muscle to send the last drop of my liquid sensuality into her mouth. Although I can't see, it's apparent that she swallows my whole load as she begins to masturbate my penis.

With my legs weak with the most erotic and intense orgasm I've ever had, I rolled over on my back so as to not crush Judy's head. She rolled with me, never missing a stroke with her hand on my penis. While continuing to stroke my penis, which is still incredibly hard, she begins to lick my balls again, then licking the length of my penis, then accepting my engorged cock in her mouth again. Meanwhile, I've reached down and gripped her thigh and begin to pull it towards my head and mouth. I've never tasted my wife's sweetness before, and I was anxious to get my first taste, as I believed this was the moment of all moments.

Slowly I worked my body in a clockwise direction while pulling her thigh in a counter clockwise direction, all the while Judy is bobbing up and down on my member. She seems particularly intent on licking and kissing and teasing the purple head of my cock, driving me into near frenzy. Finally, I'm able to pull her leg over my head and position my mouth and nose near her sexual sensations. 

Her sex was more sensually odorous than the finest perfumes she's worn in the past. I'm in ecstasy. With Judy still sucking on my penis and stroking it with her hand, and gently massaging my balls with her other hand, I see that her vaginal lips are swollen and already parted as an invitation. Judy's moans and the wetness of her pussy tell me that she's nearly ready. 

I licked her wetness and then inserted my tongue into her as far as it would go. This uncorked a moan from her that was most erotic. Judy reacted with a tightening grip of both her hand and her mouth on my penis that was so sensual that I was within seconds of cuming a second time in mere minutes. Never have I been this aroused. I then found her clitoris with my tongue for the first time. A few light flicks and Judy orgasmed with such intensity that she pushed down on my face so hard it was difficult to breathe. She moaned and blew her hot breath over my now throbbing member so sensually that I came again in her mouth at the same time she was pushing her pussy against my face as if wanting my tongue to penetrate her through to her asshole.

We were both exhausted as she lay atop me with my now softening cock still in her mouth. I still had enough energy to lick her pussy lips, her clit, and then thrust my tongue deeply into her so that she continued to orgasm. After several minutes of this luxurious oral sex, Judy rolled off me, spun around and kissed me. For the first time I tasted my own cum as she did not swallow this load entirely. Our tongues meshed and swirled my salty ejaculate until we both swallowed what was left. We then fell into a deep sleep and didn't wake up until late the following morning.

Too late for breakfast, we just made coffee and sat outside by the pool. The Saturday morning mowers were now roaring in the lawn jungle. I guess Jake and Marion were hard at it, mowing the front lawn, and the thought of Marion's sweaty, glistening, bikini clad body sent a tingle into my groin. Next door, Jim and Pepper were caring for their yard as everyone else in the neighborhood was doing. Although I couldn't see them, I could hear the edger over the privacy fence, and although I couldn't make out what they were talking about, I did hear that they were having a conversation. I don't know what Paul and Margaret were doing down on the corner. But through all of this, I was still wondering where Judy had acquired the oral skills she demonstrated the previous night.

I broke the ice and told Judy that she had given me the most incredible oral sex I've ever had. Sheepishly she grinned, and said that my tongue had given her pussy the most sensual feeling she's ever experienced, and she wondered why it took us so long for us to share each other's body like that. 

She said 'pussy'! What had come over my wife, I thought, but my deepest desires were coming true with this explosive new element in our sex lives. 

We both agreed that we must do all of those things again, and continue to experiment with new ways of pleasuring each other. Still, though, I wondered how Judy figured out what made me, a man, feel so good with that wonderful oral stimulation. 

Just enjoying the Florida morning around the pool, we had our second cup of coffee, and then I just blurted out my inquisitiveness. 

"Judy, where did you learn to give such a great blow job?", I asked. 

Looking at my swimming suit and noticing the slight bulge, she asked if I was still thinking about the previous night. My penis was in a state of mini erection thinking about the previous night, but also thinking about Marion's sweaty body across the street, and imagining how Judy figured out the oral sex thing. 

I persisted and eventually Judy told me that most of it came from the Internet. After installing a data network and broadband service in our house about 4 years ago, this explained why Judy was on the Internet so much. She was trying to find better ways to service her man. Boy was I proud of her at that moment. But she continued that about a year ago, she began discussing oral sex with her girl friend neighbors. Apparently all of them were giving blow jobs to their husbands, so I guess Judy figured out that it was time for us, notwithstanding the extra beers the previous night which were probably the catalyst for stepping outside our satisfying but otherwise mundane sexual life.

Well, all of this talk was starting to excite me even more. I thought I'd jump in the pool and cool off; after all it was only about 11 in the morning, hardly the proper time for this kind of thinking. Right behind me came Judy, and within seconds, she was tugging at my trunks, pulling them down. 

As she was pulling them down, my erected penis poked up between my trunks and the tie-string. Thus, she couldn't get them all the way down. As we were laughing she dove under water and tried to untie the string with her teeth. Her hair and her nose, and her forehead and her cheek brushed up against my cock, making it still harder. It took her several dives to completely untie the string, each time brushing up against my cock. By the time she got my trunks off, my cock was hard as a rock, and throbbing for action.

Judy turned her back to me and my penis slipped between her legs, rubbing them and the swimsuit that was now protecting her sweet pussy -- sweet, as I discovered the previous night. 

With the cool water brushing my naked body, and the warmth of Judy's body pressing up against me, I was soon breathing a little harder and wanted to fuck my wife in the pool, during the middle of the day; neighbors be damned. 

I pulled her straps down over her shoulders, and pulled the top half of her swimsuit down, exposing her 34B firm tits. I ran my hands over her water-slicked body, sliding them up and down her sides, her arms, her stomach and finally her soft breasts. I ran my hands along the sides and underneath them, and the softness was maddening. I began massaging them and rubbing her nipples. Instantly they became hard as if raising the ready flag. 

After several minutes of titty foreplay, I pulled her swim suit completely off. Both naked in the pool, with her back to me, with my cock between her legs and now caressing her slit, and me massaging her breasts, we both were getting highly aroused. 

Somehow we had floated or crept over to the pool steps whereupon I sat down. Judy was now mostly out of the water so she rolled off me. There I was, sitting on the pool steps in a somewhat reclining position, with about 2 inches of my cock above the water. It took Judy 2 seconds to spin around, look at my inviting meat, and lunge to take it in her mouth. She grabbed it also with her hand and began jacking me off and sucking me at the same time. The slickness of her arms and body rubbing against my inner thighs got me to my point of no return rather quickly. I reached down as far as I could and began teasing her nipples, and in moments I was ready to cum. 

Just as I began to cum, Judy pulled her mouth off my cock, but left her face directly above it so that as I shot my wad, it went all over her face. When I finished, Judy quickly slid up my body and guided my cock into her already swollen pussy. Then, while she pinned me against the steps and began pumping on my cock, I kissed her face, licking up my cum as I went. 

She begged me to kiss her so that she too could taste it. As we kissed and mutually tasted the cum I deposited on her face, I came again just shortly before Judy orgasmed. Judy moaned sensually as we continued to lick my cum from each other's mouth. She came several times, each time squeezing her pussy around my still erect penis.

But, I was done. I felt like a teenager cumming so many times in such a short period of time. I was done. Exhausted. Exhilarated. In 7th heaven. It Looked like Judy was too. I don't know how long we laid there, but if finally occurred to me that I could no longer hear the lawn mowers. I quickly scanned the fence, and fortunately no one was in sight. I suggested that we go inside, which we did. Hopefully no one in the neighborhood accidentally stopped by to visit and take in what we were doing. We showered off the chlorine, and went to bed, this time for sleep, which we did until mid afternoon.

That was three years ago, and our sex life has never been better. We've stimulated each other orally. We've masturbated together and on each other. And, oh yeah, we've had intercourse in several interesting positions. We especially liked the excitement of sex in the pool, and we've secreted those interludes both day and night for the additional adventure and risk on many occasions. To our knowledge, though, none of the neighbors were aware of our "swimming" activities.

Ah! Florida, swimming pools, beautiful women! And, oh yes, the neighbors. But that story is still cumming.