 This is a continuation of the story where my new neighbors asked me to keep an eye on their twin daughters. To fully understand this edition I suggest reading part one if you haven't read it yet. The twins Karyn and Taryn are very beautiful and much younger than me. If this offends you then maybe you should pass this story by. 

Here is the description of the twins just in case you choose to skip part one. 

As I said they are beautiful, but in that girl next door way. Neither girl wears hardly any makeup. Their skin is smooth, tanned, and flawless. The girls have identical smiles and eyes. Blue, very blue eyes. Their eyes are alluring and sexy as fuck. They also wear their hair the exact same. Long dark blond hanging almost to their asses. Just a hint of natural curls make it wavy and spiraled. It frames their faces perfectly with their wavy locks.

I am guessing the girls are around 5'3". There is noway either can weigh more than one hundred pounds. Their breasts aren't big but I would bet around a 32C. Their perfect little asses are round and look absolutely devastating in short shorts. Both girls have perfectly shaved pussies and tiny little nipples that stand up really hard when they are excited.

*****

Yesterday and last night had been amazing. Two beautiful young women literally loving every inch of our bodies until we passed out from sheer exhaustion. Taryn and Karyn were relentless. I can't recall ever having met anyone as insatiable as these two lovely women. I had slept soundly with one of these vixens on either side of me. It was heaven.

Here it was Saturday morning and me finding myself waking with a supple young body snuggled to each side of me. I slowly extricate myself from these two sleeping angels. Standing beside the bed looking down at two naked luscious bodies, I smile at the way they both almost purr as the slowly breathe in and out. 

Tearing myself away from the urge to climb back in between them and waking them both by sucking and licking their firm sweet tits I head for the kitchen. I am starving and I am sure Taryn and Karyn will be as well when they wake up.

Making my way into the kitchen I set about preparing a hearty breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast and orange juice. As I was finishing up and putting food on the table Karyn walked followed closely by Taryn. It seems the smell of cooking bacon had coaxed them from the comfort of my oversized bed.

As the girls walked in I turned to look at them, damn they are beautiful and sexy as hell. Taryn was wearing pink lace boy shorts with a matching camisole. Her nipples were hard and well defined inside the thin material of her top. The boy shorts did little to hide the well defined contours of that sweet pussy I had enjoyed so much already. Karyn was similarly adorned with the exception of color and panties. Karyn had chosen a lavender color camisole with matching french cut lace panties. Cut very high on her luscious hips her sweet cunt was even more pronounced than Taryn's.

The girls walked over to me and both kissed my cheeks at the same time. Their hands traveled across my chest and down to my semi erect cock which was already aroused at the mere vision of these two. A couple of quick strokes accompanied by murmurs of how good the food smells and the girls and I sat down to eat.

I couldn't stop staring at the incredible smiles and of course even more incredible tits. Before I could stop it I found myself with a raging hard on. As we ate Karyn and Taryn kept rubbing their feet up and down my legs. The next thing I knew each girl had a foot in my crotch rubbing my now very hard cock. It was amazing how their feet worked in unison stroking me to an even higher state of arousal. 

"Oh Mr. Matt your cock is so hard for us, didn't you get enough last night?" asked Karyn.

Before I could respond both girls were pushing my chair back and kneeling between my legs. Taryn grabbed my boxers and slid them over my hard cock and down my legs. Tossing them aside her hands went right to my rigid shaft and my soft nut sack.

As Taryn began stroking my sensitive member Karyn leaned in and ran her hot wet tongue around the head. Taking me part way into her inferno of a mouth I felt her teasing my pisshole with her burning tongue. As Taryn stroked me off Karyn matched her rhythm with her mouth. My eyes practically rolled back in my head as two hot college girls worked over my cock with the skill and determination of women who had been servicing cock for ages.

Taryn quickly became bored with merely stroking my cock and moved in to fight Karyn for my tool. Looking down I am greeted with the vision of two beautiful babes tonguing the head of my steel hard cock and kissing around it. Pure bliss couldn't explain the feeling I was having.

Taryn pushed Karyn back and took my cock all the way into her very hot mouth and into her throat. As Taryn began deepthroating my cock Karyn moved down to tongue my balls. A long low guttural moan escaped me as the twins worked over my hard meat. Now they were taking turns deepthroating my shaft and tonguing my full nuts. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. It was also apparent that these two girls devouring my cock like sluts in heat had no intention of stopping until they had my hot load of cum.

My cock began to swell even more as my nuts drew up tight signaling to the twins the pending eruption about to hit them like a runaway train. Karyn took my cockhead in her mouth as Taryn licked up and down the shaft. It was too much and I exploded hot salty cum into Karyn's waiting mouth.

The girls continued to work my sensitive cock until every drop of cum possible was in Karyn's mouth. Karyn then leaned over and French kissed her sister Taryn, sharing my man goo between them. The girls licked and tongued each other's mouth until every remnant of my cum was swallowed and gone.

Giving my cock one final suck from each of the girls they moved up and sat in my lap both wrapping their arms around my neck. As we kissed and held each other close I could feel the wetness of two hot pussies on my thighs. Unable to resist I eased a hand around each girl and down between their open legs. I trailed a finger up their slits through their panties. This brought a sharp intake of breath and moan from both. It was uncanny how these two incredibly hot young women did everything almost exactly the same.

The twins held me tighter and nuzzled into my neck on either side mewing and kissing my sensitive skin. Their legs parted even more so I slid a finger inside the leg band of each girls panties and circled their erect clits. Taryn immediately began sucking my neck and Karyn dug her nails into my back. 

The girls turned in my lap facing outward now sitting back to back giving me better access to their already sloppy wet cunts. Laying their heads on my shoulders they leaned back into each other for support. Pushing their panties aside again I shoved two fingers hard into each of the twins super slick holes. As my fingers slid all the way into their pussies my palms hit each girls clit and I ground it hard into them as my fingers circled their gspots deep in their juicy slits.

Taryn and Karyn turned towards each other facing me as best they could in this position and began kissing each other inches from my face. Knowing the passion that was building inside these hot sluts I started ramming each pussy with two fingers in and out making sure my palm kept slamming into their clits. It worked. In less than two minutes both girls came almost simultaneously. 

Taryn came first humping and grinding on my fingers. Karyn was right behind her with one hand Karyn grabbed my hand and held my fingers deep inside her cunt. The girls were smashing their lips together in a kiss so hard I was sure it was going to hurt them.

Slowly the girls came down and I felt their little bodies go limp in my lap. I held my arms around them holding them close until their breathing became normal. Taryn turned and straddled my leg so she could face me. The kiss was soft but demanding. Our lips met and her tongue immediately pushed into my mouth seeking out mine. Karyn followed suit on the other leg, her kiss was so close to the same I really couldn't tell which beauty I was kissing.

Both of these vixens were taking turns kissing me, rubbing my chest, and stroking my now hard again cock. Thinking we needed somewhere more comfortable I coaxed the girls up and lead them to the living room. I pushed both onto the sofa so they were kneeling facing the back. With the girls side by side I knelt behind them anxious to taste their dripping pussies for the first time today. 

Karyn was first. I pulled her panties down around her thighs. Taryn followed suit and quickly removed her own panties. Leaning in I circled Karyns's clit with my tongue before sucking it between my lips and flicking it back and forth with my tongue. Karyn whimpered and pushed back into my face. 

Reaching over I slid two fingers into Taryn's tight hot hole and slowly started sawing them in and out as I feasted on Karyn's hot cunt. I licked and sucked Karyn's clit over and over alternating between licking and sucking. Just when Karyn was starting to gasp and moan I shoved my tongue deep into her pussy and used my thumb to rub back and forth across her clit. I could tell Karyn was seconds away from exploding into orgasm so I stopped and moved over behind Taryn.

Karyn almost screamed when I stopped and her hand went right to her clit. I slid two fingers into her gushing cunt hole deep and began grinding into her gspot. Kneeling behind Taryn I repeated what I had done to Karyn attacking her hot pussy with my mouth and tongue. In just seconds Taryn was grinding back into my tongue and begging me to make her cum. Her pussy was so tight and hot and her sweet nectar was delicious.

My cock was so hard it was painful so I stood up while never taking my fingers out of Karyn's pussy I shoved my cock balls deep into Taryn's wet cunt. Wasting no time I started fucking that young pussy like my life depended on it. Her juices were running down my balls as they slammed into her clit every time my cock bottomed out in her hot hole.

Feeling Taryn's hot wet pussy sucking on my cock each time I pulled outward was almost more than I could stand. I felt myself about to cum over and over and had to slow down. When I would slow down Taryn would grind back into me trying to get my cock even deeper inside her.

Stepping back I pulled my cock out of Taryn and rolled her onto her back pushing Karyn out of the way. I then guided Karyn over Taryn in a sixty-nine position. The twins didn't need to be told what to do as they dove into each other's cunt licking as sucking like whores in heat.

I moved behind Karyn and ran my cockhead up and down her engorged pussy lips as Taryn continued to lick on Karyn's clit. Taryn grabbed my hard shaft and guided me into Karyn's sucking pussy. Karyn's soaking wet cunt literally sucked me right in.

I started slow, sawing in and out of Karyn's spasming pussy as Taryn never stopped her oral attack in her sister's aroused clit. I could feel Taryn also licking my cock shaft as I slid in and out of her sister's incredibly tight pussy. 

I would love to say I fucked these hunnies for an eternity but I would be lying. Just the sight of two amazingly gorgeous twins licking each other's pussy would be enough to make me explode. Add to that the suctioning Karyn's pussy had on my cock and the incredibly amazing feeling of Taryn licking my shaft as it went in and out was to much.

In no time I was ready to explode. Taryn could tell I was about to cum by the way my nuts were drawing up tight and the swelling in my shaft. With a free hand Taryn began tickling and caressing my balls. It was enough. I started cumming inside Karyn's already wet cunt. I shot several hard spurts of man goo deep inside her heavenly pussy before leaning back and letting my cock slide out with a sloppy mess. 

As my cum started oozing out of Karyn's hole Taryn dove in and lapped up my creampie like a starving person. In only a minute or two the twins drove each other over the edge with their pussy licking skills.

Both girls squirmed around and cuddled in my arms laying their heads on my chest. All three of us were spent and it wasn't even lunch yet. I let the girls rest a few minutes, hell I needed rest myself. Finally I roused them suggesting we go for a swim in the pool. 

We slowly walked out to the patio and eased ourselves into the refreshing water. The cool water lapped at our naked bodies as we waded into the deeper water. Lazily we swam and floated enjoying the sun of a lazy Saturday morning. 

After an hour or so the girls are sleepy and saying they would like to take a nap. So I ushered them inside where we all three take a quick rinse in the shower. 

In the bedroom I kiss both of their sweet lips as I tuck them into the soft covers of the king sized bed. Karyn seems a little more disappointed than Taryn when I tell them I have to file some reports for work and won't be joining them for their nap. As I walk out I look back to see my newfound angels snuggling with each other under the thick fluffy comforter.

Just as I am about to leave the room I stop to tell the girls when they wake, dress to go out. I want to take them to a movie and dinner tonight. This seems to make them happy as huge smiles grow on both faces. I click off the light as both girls sink a little lower under the covers. I'm not sure but it sure looked like they were already fingering each other's tiny pussy.

Shaking my head at their seemingly never ending need to orgasm I head to my office down the hall. 

I busied myself with the reports I needed to file wanting to get done before Karyn and Taryn woke up. It seemed like no time at all had passed when I looked at the clock. It had been almost three hours since I had sat down at my desk. But my reports were complete. I attached them to an email and hit send. My assistant would receive them and forward to all the necessary parties on Monday morning. 

Walking as silently as possible I slipped into the bedroom not wanting to wake my angels if they were not awake yet. They were not in the bed. I heard the shower running and figured they were getting ready as I had told them to. I grabbed some clothes and went to the guest bath to take my own shower and get dressed. I wanted to hop in with those two hot sexy college babes but I knew we would never make it out of the house if I did. 

When I came out from my shower dressed and ready to go I was quite surprised to find Karyn and Taryn already dressed and waiting to go. Looking them over I froze in my tracks. I was very pleased with their appearance but they were not really dressed for a family atmosphere in the movies. 

Both girls were wearing identical very short shorts. I was later to find out they were track shorts from college. Both girls run track. The shorts were very short barely coming down to the bottom of their delicious ass cheeks. If either girl were to bend over part of their ass would be plainly visible. The shorts were navy blue with two thin white vertical stripes on each side. The front just below the belly button the shorts had a drawstring in lace up style. The team name was on the back across those perfectly rounds asses. In pink lettering it said STARS. The tops were tank top style white trimmed with two blue stripes down the sides just outside their little firm tits. Right across the front over those same sweet tits were their numbers. Karyn had the number five and Taryn had the number three. They both wore NIKE sneakers white with blue trim and the patented NIKE check mark.

While I was becoming aroused just at the sight of them I realized I had a dilemma. I loved what these two little sluts had chosen to wear OUT with me. I knew any man that saw us would die wondering how I had these two coeds hanging on my arm. I would be the envy of every man that saw us. But I knew this were not really suitable attire for a family movie cinema. 

Then I remembered we had a drive-in movie just twenty miles away in the next town over. Yeah that would work nicely. Taking the girls hands I lead them outside and locked the door behind us. 

I opened my truck and pushed the button to open my garage door. Telling the girls to hold on a second I went in and grabbed three lawn chairs and tossed them in back of the truck. I already keep a couple of blankets in the truck with a couple of pillows as I travel a lot. We were set. Seeing the questioning looks on Karyn's and Taryn's faces I told them we were going to a drive-in movie. Having never been the girls became excited at the idea of doing something new. 

As I pulled away from the house I thought about dinner. Maybe we better grab something on the way to the movie as these vixens were definitely not in restaurant clothing. I asked the girls if they liked sushi and was happy when both exclaimed they loved it. I took out my cell and phoned in an order to my favorite sushi place. It would be ready when we got there and they had a drive through. Perfect solution.

We made it there in good time and retrieved our order. Karyn took great pride in getting to hand feed me as I drove. I can't lie I enjoyed it as well. It has been a very long time since I got treated like a king and I was loving this weekend already. 

By the time we finished the sushi which was delicious as usual we were almost to the movie. It was fun watching the young women as I drove up and bought our tickets, drinks, and snacks, then drove into the movie. They just couldn't get over how it was setup and that we could sit in our vehicle while we watched the movie. 

I drove towards the back and parked facing away from the giant screen. This confused my sweet twin coeds until they remembered I had tossed chairs in the back of the truck. We were in the very back row in the corner my plan for having as much privacy as possible. 

It was almost dark out and luckily for us it was unusually cool for and early summer night in Texas. I climbed down from the truck and helped Karyn and Taryn out as well. We all three climbed up and into the bed on the truck with our drinks and snacks. I set the chairs up before remembering the blankets and pillows. I hopped down and retrieved them before rejoining the girls. While I was getting the blankets I also opened the sliding back window of the truck and set the radio to the frequency required to hear the movie over the truck speakers. 

With all three chairs side by side against the back window of the truck I sat in the middle with Karyn on my left and Taryn on my right. Draping the blanket over our laps we were settled in just minutes before our movie started. It was now fully dark outside with the only light in the entire complex coming from the giant screen several yards in front of us.

Less than ten minutes into the flick Karyn had her head on my shoulder and Taryn had her head on my chest. Both girls were running their hands up and down the inside of my thighs. With and arm around each of these beautiful young women I leaned down and kissed them both on top of their heads inhaling deeply the sweet aroma of their hair. These girls really smelled good. 

Taking my kisses as encouragement four hands took a hold of my button and zipper and within seconds my pants were open under the blankets. I had purposely not worn underwear hoping for just this to happen. I had thought we might be sneaky in the cinema but this worked out much better. 

Karyn took my cock out and began to slowly stroke up and down on my rigid shaft. Taryn not to be left out slid her hand down and softly caressed my nutsack gently kneading my nuts. My cock started growing and in seconds was at full mast. Precum started leaking giving Karyn lubrication to stroke me even faster. The sounds of her hand slapping up and down my erect shaft could be heard over the sounds of the movie. 
