 NOTE: I tend to post longer stories that are more deeply character based, so if you're looking for a quick one, turn back now. I hope you all enjoy PART 1. If I receive some welcome feedback, I may continue this story. Please read the CONTAINS note beneath so you don't find yourself accidentally offended. This is just fantasy after all...

{CONTAINS: corruption, innocent, married, milf, fingering, domination, blowjob, rough blowjob, facial, cum, cumshot, swallowing, dirty talk, masturbation, toys, bath, lesbian, redhead, babysitter fantasy, cum-slut fantasy, married fantasy]


"Thanks again for all of your help, Lana," Tina said to Lana.

Lana was Tina and Mark's neighbor. She just moved in a month back, a spritely little thing with long red locks and a fair complexion. Her voluptuous breasts were always bursting beneath her outfits, aching for freedom. She had a gorgeous smile and looks that stopped traffic any day of the week. Lana was a student teacher that had just graduated from the local University, though was still having trouble making ends meet. Tina and Mark overhead her stating her troubles over the phone in the laundry room one night when they decided to hire her as their part time babysitter. Tina and Mark had an infant son that they needed looked after while they went out on their weekly date night every Thursday night.

Tina didn't look like a mother, though. She was a rail thin, brunette with sharp features, piercing eyes, and short-cropped hair. She always dressed like a model and looked more like 21, then 31, which she actually was. Her husband, Mark, was a good-looking contractor with olive skin and dark features. Over a shared Martini one night, after babysitting, Tina had explained to Lana that she had met Mark while still in college. Tina and Lana quickly became friends and Lana really looked up to her as she considered Tina not only to be one of the cooler girls she had ever met, but one of the most mature and outgoing.

On a few occasions, they went out together to paint the town red. Other nights they stayed in and talked. Lana came to realize that Mark and Tina were that rare exception, a couple which truly loved each other. Lana envied them and boasted constantly about how she would be lucky to have what they had one day. However, due to her recent move and busy schedule, her love life had reached a rather embarrassing dry patch of late. And because of this, Lana developed a rather innocent crush on Mark (Mr. Saunders she still insisted on calling him). She knew Tina knew. Knew, and didn't care since it was just a schoolyard crush. That's what she liked about Tina... trust. She could tell her anything, and found, on many occasions, that she did. She was truly lucky to have both her and Mark in her life.

Mark and Tina were the best neighbors Lana could ask for. They were always there for her, even when she wasn't babysitting.

Thursday rolled around and Lana was once again glued to the television once again, just trying to kill time while Tina and Mark's little child slept soundly upstairs. When Tina and Mark finally returned home around midnight, they checked on their baby and thanked Lana after paying her.

"No problem, Mr. Saunders," she said.

"I really wish you'd call me Mark," he said.

"I'm afraid I just can't," she replied through a thin smile.

"But you can call my wife by her first name? Mr. Saunders... my Dad was Mr. Saunders. You make me feel old," he replied coyly. "Come, I'll walk you back to your door."

This was their routine. He insisted on walking her back to her door, just to be a gentleman. God, how could she not have a crush on this guy, she wondered? No wonder Tina was in love.

As they exited the apartment, Mark stopped Lana halfway between her door and their own.

"Lana, wait..."

Lana turned.

"There's something I'd like to ask you, well... it was something that Tina wanted me to ask you really," Mark admitted.

Lana scrunched up here face and looked up at Mark with inquisitive eyes.

"What's that? Why couldn't she just ask me herself?"

"Well, she's somewhat embarrassed, actually..." Mark stated.

Lana raised an eyebrow. "Embarrassed? Since when!"

"Well, she knows you're an adult and all. I mean, she's told me that she can have adult conversations with you and all... of course she won't tell me details, she respects your privacy... but she thinks very highly of you and thinks you're very mature for your age... which is why she wants to ask you this. But she wanted me to tell you that if this jeopardizes your friendship with her, she is truly sorry and wants you to understand."

Lana shook her head, taking it all in. None of it was making sense.

"Jeopardizes our friendship? What is it, Mr. Saunders? What's going on!"

Mark sighed heavily and leaned in close to Lana.

"Tina wanted to know if you'd like to come over tonight and have a drink while you watched her give me a blowjob."

Lana blinked, unsure that she had just heard the man she though she knew so well correctly.

"What?"

"I don't mean to offend you, but my wife has taken quite a liking to you and wanted to ask you. She thought you deserved to know that she wanted it to be you. We have quite an adventuresome sex life, and well, she was curious if you weren't seeing anybody, and if you were interested... if you wanted to come over and have an unforgettable night with us. It'd mean the world to her, and to me of course..." Mark admitted.

"Wow! Oh wow! Oh my God! I can't believe... I mean... she wants me... to watch her..."

"Very much so. We've talked about it a lot lately."

Lana shook her head incredulously.

"You've talked to Tina about having me watch her... give you a blowjob?"

"Yes, it's quite a turn on. I hope you don't mind my saying I think you're very beautiful and I'm very attracted to you. We're not asking you to participate unless that was something you were absolutely sure you were interested in. We just want you to watch..."

Lana considered, no longer sure what to think of the neighbors she thought she knew so well.

"Uh, well... I mean, gosh, if it's something you both want... and she wants it... then... sure, what the hell!"

"Great! Tina will be thrilled you said yes!"

And then Mark led Lana back to their apartment.

Mark led Lana to the kitchen counter where he told her to wait and then excused himself to the bedroom where Tina was presumably since she wasn't anywhere else to be seen. Lana waited there, butterflies in her stomach. What the hell had she just agreed to, she wondered? Was she really about to watch her neighbors, and one of her good friends performing a sex act like some perverted voyeur or porn star? Was Tina an exhibitionist? Did she really want this, or was this all Mark's fantasy? Something in the pit of her stomach told her that it was, in fact, Tina...

"Okay, we're ready for you..." Mark called out from down the hall.

Well, this was it, she figured. Lana got up and strutted down the hall to the master bedroom door, which was ajar. She pushed it open and saw Mark and Tina standing against the foot of their bed, both wearing expensive silk robes. Lana met eyes with Tina who smiled thinly at her.

"I bet you're asking yourself a million questions right now, girl," Tina said.

"I am. I didn't realize you guys thought so highly of me..."

"You have no idea how long we've both wanted this. We were both just so nervous to ask you, but I mean it when I say I don't want this to affect our friendship. If you're not entirely comfortable... you don't have to do this," Tina said.

Lana considered.

"I'm already here. I think it'd be weirder if I left at this point..."

Tina smiled.

"Okay, just so you're comfortable, Lana, I want to make sure you know exactly what is going to happen so you don't get too shocked. I don't want to make you uncomfortable or push you too far. I want you to know exactly what to expect, okay?" Tina said.

"Okay..."

"Good. Then here's what's going to happen. I'm going to take off my robe in a second, meaning I'm going to be naked throughout this whole thing. So will my husband. I'm going to get on my knees and give him an incredibly passionate and really sloppy blowjob. He might get really into it and I might even let him fuck my mouth and take full control during the act. Are you okay with that?" Tina asked.

"Wow! You get right to the point... uh, yeah, sure. I still can't believe I'm about to do this..."

"You're going to have fun, I promise."

Just hearing Tina talk about giving Mark a sloppy blowjob made pussy tingle in a way that almost felt alien to her. Butterflies were fluttering in her stomach as she considered how horny she really was.

"Also, I'm going to let Mark give me a facial at the end of this all. That won't offend you, will it?"

"Uh... no, I suppose not..."

"You know what a facial is, right, Lana?"

"I think so. That's when the guy cums on your face, right?"

"Right. Well, I just wanted to make sure. Some women don't like it, but others, like myself, love it... and I know my husband loves painting my face with his sperm, so anyway... he's going to cover my face at the end and then he's going to finger me until I cum... if I haven't gotten myself off already. Is that alright too?"

Lana's panties were starting to dampen.

"I guess it's going to have to be..."

Tina smiled.

"You don't have to do anything but sit there and watch everything..."

"Okay, sounds fine..."

And with that, Tina slipped the belt from around her silk robe and tossed it at Lana playfully.

"Why don't you sit in the bed here and just watch..."

Lana moved over to the bed and sat up on it.

"Make yourself comfortable, Lana. That's what this is all about after all," Mark stated.

Lana nodded and then lied down across the length of the bed and pulled up a pillow to rest on. She licked her lips in anticipation of what was going to happen next.

"You might want to take notes, Lana. My wife knows how to suck a cock like nothing you've ever seen..."

Lana burst out laughing, but her cheeks flushed from embarrassment.

"Oh my Gosh..."

Tina smiled and then pulled the robe away from her body and let it slip down around her body. Lana's heart began racing as she saw the beautiful wife, completely nude. She had small perky breasts with dark brown nipples standing at full attention and a flat stomach. Her eyes went wide as they fell to her pussy, completely bald. She obviously shaved recently or had a waxing done. It was incredibly hot since she could see her lips hiding between her legs and her aching clit hiding between. Tina smiled at Lana knowing that she was drinking her in, staring at her most private part. That was all the confidence she needed. Tina then dropped to her knees as her husband de-robed, his semi-erect penis hanging freely in front of her face. His penis was meaty, his bush neatly trimmed. The head was engorged already, aching for the attention of Tina's mouth.

Lana watched as Tina positioned herself in front of her husband's cock and grabbed the meaty object in her hand. She ran her hands all over it, slowly massaging it and kneading it like dough. It slowly, very slowly grew in her grip. Mark moaned and groaned as he looked down at his wife who mouthed, "I love you" to him.

Lana began to feel her pussy dampen even more. She shifted uneasily on the bed, attempting to shake the feeling. But damn, she was staring right at her crush's large cock being kneaded through her friend's brittle little fingers. She wanted to touch it so badly, but she couldn't keep her eyes off of Tina's body. How did she keep that figure? God, her pussy looked so tight for being a Mom. She wondered how often they did this, and how often her name came up. The thoughts made Lana's pussy moisten even more. 

"Doesn't mu husband have a magnificent cock?" Tina asked, looking up at Lana, her husband's dick in her hand.

"Mmm, yes, it's nice..." was all that Lana could manage.

Tina met eyes with Mark who smiled down at her. Then she opened her mouth and took her husband's penis into it. Mark exhaled in relief as he found solace inside the warmth of his wife's hot, wet mouth. Tina felt her husband grow inside her mouth and straighten to attention. She looked over to Lana with Mark's dick stuffed deep into her mouth and gave her a wink that caused the redhead to blush. Tina wrapped a hand around her husband's base and then began to bob up and down on him as he finally grew to full length. Lana could see Mark had incredible girth, and also noticed that Tina had a firm little ass every time she repositioned herself.

"Doesn't my wife have an incredible ass, Lana?"

Mark had caught her staring.

"Yes, its very nice. I wish mine was that nice," Lana admitted.

"Yours is just perfect, Lana. Don't you agree, sweetheart?"

"Mmmfffmm..." was all Tina could manage as she continued to blow her husband.

Tina took her husband out of her mouth and then began to lick all around his engorged head, twirling her tongue in circles around it, and then guiding it back into the welcoming warmth of her mouth. Mark felt at home inside his wife's mouth, but he craved deeper pleasures that only the back of his wife's throat could provide. So, Mark took his wife's head in his hands and guided himself past her gag-reflex and tonsils and pushed deep into her throat. Tina gagged on his cock immediately as saliva spilled out the sides of her mouth and her eyes watered over. Mark held her head tightly in place as Lana became nervous for Tina's well being, but then he released her and she was free of her husband, exhaling in relief.

"My wife has a talent for deep-throating me..." Mark admitted.

The use of language and dirty talk sent sparks flying through Lana's head, and electricity surging toward her groin. Her pussy was so wet that she knew her panties had soaked through. She hoped her jeans didn't soak through and give her secret away. "Wow... I thought she was going to choke..." Lana admitted.

"Nope, just a little..." Tina admitted as she returned to the aching cock covered in her own saliva. Lana found her hand on her breasts instinctively and was crossing her legs in a futile effort to stem the flow of hormones in her body. She wanted to touch her own pussy so badly, but she was too embarrassed, and not nearly as adventuresome as the couple in front of her. The first thing she was going to do when she got home was tear off her clothes and masturbate to blowjob porn like a horny teenage boy until she exploded all over her desk chair and collapsed on the bed, naked, from the impact of her orgasm. She imagined herself waking hours later, covered in a thin film of dried sweat and desire, her pussy still leaking. Why didn't she own a vibrator, she wondered?

"Lana, I hope this isn't too forward, but is this turning you on?"

Lana was back to Earth, watching her friend Tina suck her husband's dick right in front of her.

"Uh, no... I mean, yes, a little that is..."

"You look a little distracted and flushed. Don't let us hinder your own pleasure. If you need to do something to relieve that feeling, go right ahead..." Tina managed.

"What do you mean?" Lana asked innocently enough.

"If you need to masturbate..." Mark said as he slipped his cock back into Tina's mouth.

"Uh... I don't know..." Lana said, whole-heartedly unsure of the implications of Tina's insinuations.

Tina slipped her husband's cock from her mouth once again.

"I think it would be really hot to watch you touching your hot little pussy while I did this..."

"You do?"

"Well, hey," Tina began, gesturing to the soaking cock pointing right at her face. A long stream of saliva and pre-cum connected it to her mouth. "I'm completely nude and sucking my husband off right in front of you. My pussy is practically dripping on the carpet. If you got naked, it's not like you'd be in any further over your head than us. Besides, my husband is dying to see you na..." Mark stuffed his cock back into his wife's mouth without warning and began to slowly fuck her mouth.

"You want to see me naked, Mr. Saunders?" Lana asked.

"Oh God... I mean, yes, of course. I'd love to see what you looked... wow... looked like naked."

Mark kept drilling his wife's mouth as she finally gave up control and let her hands fall to her hairless cunt, running her hands all over her swollen clit and then deep into her sopping hole. Lana saw that Tina wasn't exaggerating. Tina was not just soaking wet, she was dripping all over her hands from excitement. Lana just watched as Mark's penis literally punched in and out of Tina's mouth like a piston, Tina's mascara running down her face. She started to make the most awful noise as she gagged on the cock being forced down her throat when Mark finally released Tina.

But she didn't stop rubbing herself for a second.

"We've both been dying to know if your drapes match your carpet... or if you have any carpet at all..." Tina finally managed while catching her breath.

"Oh my Gosh!!"

"At least tell us," Tina exclaimed as she repositioned herself and spread her legs wide, showing off her soaking wet pussy to Lana. Her lips were swollen and dark, her slit soaking wet. Tina's hands were covered in her own juices. Occasionally, she dripped onto the carpet as she kept frigging her clit like a crazed animal.

"You can see me..."

Lana swallowed hard as she accidentally unbuttoned her jeans. Had she meant to do that, she wondered?

"I do have a carpet... I like to keep a little landing strip." And with that, Lana slipped her hand inside her pants and beneath her underwear. "I want anyone who sees me naked to know I'm a natural redhead I guess..."

Tina kept rubbing away at her pussy as she watched Lana difficultly rubbing herself to the sight. Her husband stepped in and smeared his pre-cum all over Tina's forehead and she reveled in the act. Lana finally had had enough and pulled her hand from her pants and pulled up her shirt and slipped it off, revealing her lacy black bra beneath. She then unzipped her pants and hooked her fingers into the waistband and dragged them down her milky white thighs and tossed them across the room. She was wearing a pair of red panties that had obviously long since soaked through.

"Wow, looks like you soaked through those in no time, Lana," Mark stated.

Lana blushed.

"I guess I'm having a little more fun than I'm willing to admit here..."

Lana unhooked her bra and pulled it off her large, milky white breasts. She had large pink aureoles and rock hard nipples. She then slipped out of her panties, revealing a small, neatly trimmed landing strip of bright red pubic hair standing guard just above her clitoris, which currently ached for more attention.

"Spread your legs, Lana... I want to see the most private part of your body."

Lana spread her legs, revealing her beat red pussy aching for attention. Her own slit was soaking wet, her lips flushed and screaming for desire. Then, Lana found her fingers between her legs and lost herself to the moment as she began to rub her clit in front of Tina.

"Spread your lips, Lana. Show me the inside of that beautiful flower," Tina stated, using her fingers to spread her lips wide. Lana's eyes went wide, her pussy racing to conclusions as she saw the pink inside Tina's hole. Lana smiled and then spread her own lips for Tina who, in turn, saw Lana's own pink.

"Lana, why don't you use my wife's vibrator..." Mark suggested.

"That's a wonderful..." but Mark was back in Tina's mouth and she returned to her main goal. She started bobbing up and down on Mark, faster and faster, the room now tainted with the smell of sex. Tina took her husband out of her mouth and spat all over his dick. He then dragged it back across her face, smearing her makeup even more, and spreading more pre-cum across the bridge of her nose, across her right cheek, and all over her lips. Her face now glistened in the dim light, Lana could see.
