 I remembered waking up to a very sunny day and the mattress still damp because of all the leakage from my previous night's finale with Patrick. I was wearing only a white cami with no bra or panties. My orifices were completely satisfied but I knew my plane left that evening so I wanted to experience more crazy sexual adventures from this sweet swinging couple that were about twice my 22 years, before I had to leave. My smooth pussy was forming just a hint of stubble and even though it was sore and stretched, I wanted to see what the happy couple was doing and maybe get it a little more attention. 

I pitter pattered down the hallway, peeked around the corner, only to see Patrick staring back at me before I gave him a smile and in my best pouty little girl voice, "Can I come join you? I'm lonely." 

Patrick yanked the covers back, revealing a rock hard cock inside his undies. I crawled in the bed between he and Karla like a daughter afraid of a storm. 

In his soft scratchy morning voice, Patrick welcomed me, "Good morning Princess," causing the sleeping Karla to stir and eventually lean over and give me a good morning kiss as well. 

I put my hand over Patrick's bulge, giving it a gentle squeeze while I gave my analysis, "It looks like somebody woke up with a woody. Hopefully because you were thinking of me and last night." 

He smiled, "Absolutely. That and I have to piss very bad."

We lay there, ran our hands all over each other as we talked about the previous night before Patrick asked me, "Did you enjoy yourself baby? Were you OK with everything you did and had done to you?"

I replied, "My pussy and ass are a little sore today, but it's just a reminder of the greatest experience of my life! I can't believe how free I felt to be myself and let my desires come out and just think you guys do this all the time!" 

Karla and Pat pulled me into a three way hug while kissing me before saying, "You were fantastic baby! It has been our pleasure."

Patrick continued slowly caressing my body while I rubbed his hard-on through his underwear. Eventually his hand moved down to my pussy, feeling that it was still swollen and slightly gaped. Even though it was recovering from the previous day's trauma, his rubbing was also feeling good and started to work me up. As he slipped his fingers in between my lips, he could feel how the five loads that I took the night before had kept me wet and slippery, even though they had been seeping out all night. He was being gentle because every movement of his hands were slow and made me twitch.

Patrick asked me what I wanted to do for my last day with them, to my response, "I want to experience more new experiences! I will do anything you want! I'm yours to use as you wish for the day!" 

He said, " Oooo, so you want to be our little plaything for the day?"

I smiled and groaned "Yeeess," just before Patrick's finger left my pussy and invaded my asshole. 

Karla got out of bed and said, "First things first, you two need to get cleaned up because it smells like a whorehouse in here." 

Patrick and I giggled at each other because she was right. We reeked of sex! It smelled like pussy and cum. Karla went off to use the bathroom and get the coffee going. 

Patrick and I kissed before he said, "Before we do anything, I have to take a piss. I am about to bust," and moved to get out of the bed. 

That gave me a wickedly kinky idea as I also jumped out of bed, rushing to get in front of him before I grabbed him by his chubbed up cock and said, "Wait a minute! I have a great idea. Follow me."

I led him by his cock, down the hallway and to the bathroom. I playfully pushed him into the bathtub until he was sitting, leaning against the back porcelain like he was taking a bath. I sat down facing him while taking his re-inflated cock in my hand.

"Karla said so herself that we smell foul. Now we are really going to the next level. You said that you had to piss so bad that you were about to bust. Right? So go ahead and do it now, right on me!" 

Patrick looked at me very uncertain of my request and asked, "Are you sure?" 

I just smiled and nodded while there was a delay because his now raging hard dick had maybe a little stage fright. Patrick tried to relax and he exhaled deeply while I held his cock like a fireman ready to extinguish a blaze.

I was encouraging him in my calm soothing voice, "Come on now, you can do it. Let it go. I want to feel your warm stream. I want you to mark your territory like a little doggie would do." 

As I continued to hold his cock waiting for my reward, it started flowing out like a hose. The stream was swift and strong. I aimed it at my clit and shivered as the pressure hit its mark. I realized that it was still very sensitive from all the previous evening's action. Even though peeing through an erection is not an easy task, I was able to move his cock around so the warm liquid was not only blasting my clit, but spraying my pussy lips as well. I eventually guided it to my stomach and breasts. I was bathing in Patrick's piss. 

"Ok, stop!," I ordered as Patrick pinched it off in mid-stream. 

Patrick sat staring at me as I shuffled myself forward until I was sitting on top of his thighs. I lifted up while still holding onto his erection, guiding it into my asshole. I sat down until it penetrated my sphincter and eventually completed buried in my rectum. 

While sitting on his lap completely impaled on his 6 ½ inches, I coaxed, "OK, you can finish now. Let it rip."

"What, are you serious? You want me to piss in your ass?" asked the shocked Patrick.

"Of course I do. We are going to take a shower so there is no harm. Let's get kinky. Fill me up," I encouraged confidently. 

I rubbed his face to help him relax as I kissed on his cheeks and neck. I pulled back, smiled while looking into his eyes. Just then, Patrick's eyes glazed over and he let loose, finishing his bathroom break up my ass. It was so warm and began filling me up. It was intense, almost like having an orgasm for the both of us. 

Finally his stream died and she shivered his post pee session. It had already began leaking out of my ass and running all over his legs. I dug my feet into the porcelain and began moving up and down on his cock, using his pee as lube. 

"Oh fuck Britt, you are so dirty! You better stop that, or I'm going to also add my cum up there."

"Mmm, that sounds hot. Do it. I want you to cum in my ass. Mix it baby. Give it to me," I cooed while I started to move just a little faster. 

"You are such a bad girl. Oh! Oh, here it cums. Augghhh! Take that sweetie!" Patrick blurted as his legs locked in a permanent contraction while his dick shot cum into my already pee filled ass. 

I never broke eye contact until he completely finished. Patrick's body finally went limp before I raised up. It was like someone pulled a cork out of a champagne bottle, because the pee and cum squirted out when his cock was freed. His lap was a mess. 

I smirked, kissed him on the forehead, stood up and giggled, "My turn, get on your knees!"

Patrick was unsure of himself but wanting to play along. He knelt in the tub, eye level with my pussy. I leaned back a bit and used my first two fingers to pull my lips apart, exposing the hood. After a small shiver, my pee began to dribble out and down my inner thigh before the flow gradually became stronger. At full blast, it was striking Patrick so hard on his chest, that small slashes were spraying all around. I swayed my hips to properly coat his entire body in my warm liquid. I was in control, really turned on and judging by Patrick's cock starting to rise again, he was as well. 

I was groaning with pleasure while hosing him down. Finally, my stream dwindled down to a few drips. Patrick could not resist leaning forward to run his tongue up my wet slit causing any apprehension to melt away. I could tell he was enjoying the acrid smell and taste of my pee along with the musky taste of the cum still in my pussy from night before. 

He grabbed me by the hips, pulled me close and began to give me a thorough cleaning. He would even dip his tongue into my asshole where his own cum and pee were running out. With Patrick being so nasty and free made me cum very quickly. When he locked onto my clit like a baby on a bottle, I added my cum to the mix of flavors filling his mouth. Patrick and I love the taste of sexual bodily fluids so he stood up and kissed me. It was so disgusting and nasty that it was erotic as can be!

I casually turned around and while turning on the water, directed Patrick, "Now, let's get cleaned up."

We had a long hot shower and Patrick took his time in cleaning every crack and crevice on my body. He was lathering under my boobs and in my butt crack among other things. He was particularly gentle with my swollen outer pussy lips that were so puffy, they nearly hid my inner labia. He was just as careful with my stretched, red pouty asshole. We periodically kissed and made out under the trickling warm water as I lathered his cock and ass to get him as clean as he had done to me. When Patrick's dick became hard again because of my soapy stroking, I was tempted to jack him off on me but resisted the temptation so he could save it for later in the day. We were in the shower so long, I thought we would run out of hot water. 

Karla came in the bathroom with two coffees and asked, "Are you two about done? You have been in here over an hour." 

Knowing that Karla was oblivious to our little pee adventure, we giggled to ourselves, shut the water off, wrapped ourselves in towels, then exited to the family room to discuss the day's plans before I had to head to the airport. 

We all grabbed our coffees and decided to have a hot tub soak to start the day. Even though Patrick and I were almost prune like we still relaxed and discussed our plans while basking in the warm water. I mentioned that my ass and pussy needed a little break to recover from all the abuse they sustained over the last two days. Patrick then mentioned heading down to their local nude beach for the day and getting some sun and having a swim. He thought this might be a nice way for me to rest up. He was so sweet for thinking of me. I was excited by the idea because I had never been to a nude beach, so this was something new for me to try. 

Patrick stood up and said, "We have a plan, let's go get some snacks and beer to take with us before we get going."

We went into our respective bedrooms, put together a few things and headed out to Wreck Beach. An hour later we were at the top of the cliff and walked down the 500 steps to the beach. As we got close to the bottom, I got my first look at the beach and was amazed at the number of people laying out in front of me, so carefree and uninhibited. It was a hot sunny day and there were already probably a 1,000 people around in various levels of nudity. I was wearing my polka dotted sundress, large brimmed sun hat, sunglasses, and wicker two inch wedges. Karla and Patrick led me over to the fully nude area and we set out our blankets, towels, and umbrellas. Karla and Patrick stripped down, looked at me while I had pulled off my sundress to reveal I was naked underneath. 

They had that look as if they were impressed when I smiled shyly and shrugged, "I didn't really see the point of underwear!" 

Patrick gave me a little whistle while trying to set my mind at ease, "You look amazing with your southern California tan. Here I am with the two sexiest women on the beach."

Karla might have been middle aged but she was very sexy standing there in the nude. More than one guy and girl were looking at us and smiling. We lay down and Patrick explained that one of our rules is that you cannot apply sun tan lotion to yourself. We then took turns "lotioning" each other up. Karla took her time applying lotion to my front and was paying extra attention to my ultra-sensitive perky boobs. My nipples were so engorged and swollen, that I was groaning as Karla caressed them. Patrick did my back and spent an inordinate amount of time rubbing lotion onto my ass, which was very white from wearing a suit at home. With all this caressing and rubbing, I found myself getting wet especially since people were watching. 

Patrick explained that it was important not to burn my "bum" or it would be a long flight home tomorrow. I was confused until he told me that he took the liberty to switch my flight to the next day so he and Karla could play with me one more night. As Patrick was massaging the lotion into my butt, he was spreading my cheeks apart and looking at my little asshole, which he said was starting to look a little less swollen. He was running his fingers around on my little rosebud and I shivered every time he passed over it. Each time he would spread my cheeks apart, he commented on how he loved watching my pussy open and close along with it. He was mesmerized seeing that my outer lips were still swollen and hiding my inner lips, but he also said as he rubbed me, that he could see my inner lips swell and open up like a flower. Patrick was like my own personal gynecologist looking meticulously at my vagina, while others watched, causing both of us to give a muffled moan in pleasure.

I then gave Karla a nice rub down with lotion and spent a long time caressing and lotioning up her boobs. Karla was smiling and whispering how good it felt to her. It made me horny for some girl on girl sex. Patrick laid back and enjoyed his turn while both Karla and I took turns rubbing him down, but when I took a hand full of greased up cock and began to pump it, Patrick explained to me that it wasn't proper etiquette at a nude beach in which I complied. It was just time to relax. We all grabbed a beer and lay back to enjoy the view and all the naked people walking the beach. We listened to the sounds of the beach, and the vendors selling fresh watermelon, beer, daiquiris, marijuana, mushrooms, and hash.

I never touch drugs but the daiquiris looked amazing as I asked, "I can't believe they sell all of this down here. I love daiquiris, I think I'm going to have one. Do you guys want anything?" 

Patrick responded, "Absolutely." waved the guy over, then ordered a daiquiri and two margaritas. The vendor had them frozen in little tubes like Popsicles and we sucked away on ours while talking about life.

I was telling Patrick and Karla about my life at "University" as they called it. I told them about my early sexual experiences and that I'd always known that there was more out there for me and I wanted to experience it all which was why I was so excited to come visit them. I loved their swinging lifestyle and needed to live it a firsthand even if only briefly. I admitted that I have always felt differently than my girlfriends when it came to sex, and that I kept my desires quiet from them, except from my best friend Maggie. I told them all about Maggie and I, sparing no details, revealed that we had our first girl on girl experience together and that I had even eaten out Maggie's freshly fucked pussy after she and her boyfriend had sex. For me, this weekend had been an eye opening experience and I didn't want it to end.

Patrick just smiled at me and encouraged, "It ain't over yet princess!"

That made me feel good and I had a gleam in my eyes as I leaned over and kissed Karla and Pat. It seemed like everyone on the beach was watching as we gave each other a long wet kiss. After an hour or so, Patrick thought it was time for a swim and we headed for the water. Patrick warned me that the water was a little chillier than what I was used to and he was correct, but I still waded in before plopping down into it. I popped up with a gasp and my nipples were hard as diamonds. Patrick waded out to me until I playfully wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. 

With my blonde hair now wet and slicked behind me, I planted a big passionate kiss on his lips. I held on, smiled at Pat, while thinking about the morning adventure and said, "Guess what, I have to pee again!" 

Patrick said, "Well what's stopping you?"

I just giggled and let loose while still wrapped around his waist. Patrick's eyes widened as he felt the water around his cock get warm which turned my giggle into a playful laugh. He kissed me again and told me what a naughty little slut I was.We walked out of the water and back to our towels laughing and giggling together. Pat reapplied my tanning lotion as I brushed my wet hair. After putting my sunglasses on, and laying back, moments later, I felt Patrick's hand between my legs. 

I playfully smacked it away while snickering, "Ah, ah, ah. Remember, that is not proper nude beach etiquette." 

Patrick snapped his fingers like a boy caught in the cookie jar. After another couple of hours of lounging and sunning, Patrick commented that it seemed like it might be a good time to head home and get the evening started. With a devilish grin, he also revealed that he had some plans up his sleeve and he also reminded me what I had said earlier about wanting to try new things, agreeing to be their little plaything and do whatever they wanted to do. 

I was a little nervous but that was trumped by excitement when I replied, "Do whatever you want to me! I'm all yours!" 

He gave me his best evil chuckle and said, "You might regret that!"

While heading to Pat and Karla's house, we stopped at the store to pick up some dinner fixings and a bottle of wine. When we got back to their home, Patrick made the us a cocktail and reminded me again that I was their toy to play with as they wished for the evening. I winked and nodded in agreement.

After showering again, I walked out while still drying myself off. With Karla in the kitchen, Pat entered the room and ordered me to bend over the couch. I was curious and did tell the couple that I would be their plaything, so I bent over the side of the couch without hesitation. 

Pat leaned down, caressed my cheek and whispered, "Good slut," before pulling out a stainless steel butt plug and ordering, "Spread your ass cheeks apart."

I was nervous that Patrick was going to insert the plug without lubrication until I felt his warm tongue licking and probing my asshole. Just when I thought it couldn't feel any better, Patrick's tongue penetrated my sphincter. He was doing a nice job opening it up and providing a nice coat of lube as I just laid across the couch's arm on my elbows. I heard him spit, then felt him work his finger inside my butt around his tongue. When he decided I was loose and slippery enough, he inserted the butt plug. 

It entered easier than I expected. Patrick's orders were for me to keep it inside my ass throughout our dinner. The plug had a nice curve to it and he knew that it would be rubbing the front wall of my ass next to my pussy giving me that sensation I love when I have anal sex. When I stood up, I let out a pleasurable, "Oh my," and trembled. Patrick smacked me on the booty, then playfully told me to sit down and enjoy my drink. That little smack sent those pleasure vibrations through my asshole reverberating deep in my vagina. I was loving that feeling. I dressed in a short flowered turquoise sundress with no bra or panties for dinner. It looked more like a long t-shirt.

Patrick went back to making dinner and fixed another round of drinks for Karla and I who were sitting on the couch talking about life and sex. Karla was regaling me with some of her more interesting adventures. She had experienced so much sexuality, that I was becoming aroused and a little jealous listening to her. The hornier I became, the more I was squirming around, wiggling my ass on the butt plug, making myself wet as we talked.

Patrick entered the room, sensed that I was getting more and more worked up before offering his next demand, "You are not allowed to cum until I tell you that you can!" 
