 Anna and Kayleigh had worked in the same office for the last few years. 

Both in their mid 20s they did almost everything together, worked, exercised, double dated and cried over failed romance together. Lately they'd shared more than a kiss, but didn't consider themselves together as a couple, more as friends in need. 

Everything was going smooth and normal until the day Mark showed up. 

He was the new manager for their department, single and in his early 30s, yet as fit as a 20 year old. Right from the start the girls knew there was something about him, they just couldn't put their fingers on it. He'd flirt with them but never enough to be obvious. It didn't help that Anna had a fantasy for older men in power. 

Anna was in his office one day and noticed that he'd setup cctv cameras monitoring the office, conference rooms and storerooms. 'Oh crap' she thought, she and Kayleigh had on occasion when working the late shifts used those rooms for fun. She wondered how they long they'd been there for, certain that they'd been caught. Just the thought of that made her clit tingle with a buzz of excitement. 

She finished what she had to do and went to leave the office, but slipped over and bumped the desk. This woke the computer from sleep mode. 

She got up and was amazed at what she saw on the screen. He watched porn at work! Not only was it on a porn site, but he was searching for office lesbians videos! She could see clips showing cctv footage of girls going for it. 

She clicked on search history amd saw even more that made her clit start throbbing. 'I have to tell Kayleigh' she said, making sure everything was the same before she left. 

That night she told Kayleigh everything. 

'What are we going to do?' Kayleigh asked, 'we can't keep playing at work if he's watching.'

'Yes we can, and we can do more' Anna recited her plan to Kayleigh. Kayleigh was apprehensive at first, but as Anna went on she became more and more interested before agreeing to go with it. 

The next day at work they put their plan into action. 

They checked they were on the late shift together alone.

Anna went into the conference and left a sign which read 'Show starts at 8pm' she only hoped Mark alone would read it. 

The rest of the afternoon when normally, no one gave anything away that they knew something special was going to happen that night. 

Anna was worried that Mark hadn't been into the office yet and wouldn't see the sign. 

The afternoon went past and everyone, leaving just Anna and Kayleigh. Anna's clit was throbbing in excitement waiting for the night. 

Mark still hadn't come into the office. She considered changing plans and not doing it that night. She was at her desk when her phone went off, it was a message from Mark 'Hey sorry I haven't been in today. Been working from home. Have I missed anything important there today?' 'Not yet' she thought before replying 'Nothing today. Everything going fine here'

'Ok. Keep your phone close, I will need you to do a few things for me tonight, otherwise see you tomorrow' he replied. 

What the hell she thought, I still want to play tonight. He normally didn't call. 

Just before 8 Anna went in the conference room, the plan was for Kayleigh and Anna to do a striptease before really going at each other. 

Anna slid a hand down her pants, starting to rub her clit. In her mind Mark was still watching, adding to the risk. 

Her finger slid down further, rubbing her wet pussy. 

She wore a skirt and gstring today, planning to strip tease on camera, now she was glad as it gave her easier access. 

Her hand went under her top, squeezing her breast and nipple. 

She closed her eyes, letting the feeling of her pussy take over. 

Kayleigh walked into the conference room and saw Anna there, she knew what she was doing and walked quietly over. Kayleigh put her hand under Anna's skirt, rubbing her pussy as she whispered in her ear 'you started without me' before kissing down her neck. Anna moved her hand, allowing Kayleigh to slide a finger into her wet pussy. 

'Someone's excited' remarked Kayleigh, feeling how hot and wet Anna's pussy was. 

'You have no idea' moaned Anna as Kayleigh started slowly fingering her friend. 

They kissed, though they never really kissed as lovers, always playful. 

Suddenly Anna's phone started ringing, shit she thought. Only one person would call now. 

She ignored it, it rang again, she ignored it. 

Then Kayleigh's phone rang. It rang out. 

Anna and Kayleigh stopped what they were doing as both phones received a message. 

They walked over to look, it was from Mark. 

'That's not kissing' read the message. 

They looked at each other. Anna replied 'what do you mean, who is kissing who?'

Kayleigh's phone lit up as another text came through, it was a video. They opened it and saw themselves from a few minutes ago. 

Anna ran to the office, no one was there, Mark's office was empty. 

What Anna and Kayleigh didn't know was that Mark had setup the camera system so he could watch anywhere he wanted. 

Anna's phone rang again, this time she answered 'Hi Mark' she said. 

'Anna, for a show starting at 8, there isn't much going on.'

'Oh yeah. Where are you?' 

'Don't worry where I am. Go back in there, Kayleigh is waiting for you.'

Anna headed back into the conference room where Kayleigh was waiting. 

She was laying on the couch, naked fingering herself. 

'Mark told me to do this' she told Anna. 

'How?' Anna asked. Kayleigh pointed to the TV on the wall, she turned...Mark! He was on the screen. 

'Impressed?' He asked Anna. 

'Not really' Anna replied sarcastically

'Kayleigh is doing as she's been told, I think it's time you joined her. Take your clothes off.'

Anna did as she was told, taking her clothes off. 

'Very nice...Kayleigh looks all lonely over there. 

I think she needs some company'

Anna walked over to Kayleigh, who stood up and kissed her. Anna was shocked to feel Kayleigh's tongue work it's way in her mouth, this kiss was deeper and more lustful then any they'd shared before. 

'Much better...Anna lay down, I've told Kayleigh what to do next.'

Anna layed down on the couch, which she noticed was now actually a fold out bed. 

Kayleigh layed on top of her, kissing her again before kissing down her neck to her breasts. She took Anna's nipple in her mouth, gently biting down as she played. 

Anna's fingers ran through Kayleigh's hair as her tongue danced over Anna's breasts. 

Kayleigh's tongue moved down Anna's body, dancing over her hot skin. 

Anna felt her getting closer and closer to her clit. 

She bucked her hips as Kayleigh's tongue ran over it, Kayleigh moved her tongue around Anna's clit, teasing it before putting her mouth over her pussy and flicking Anna's clit. 

Anna closed her eyes and moaned as Kayleigh's tongue worked her clit, her clit and pussy throbbing with sparks of pleasure shooting throughout her body. 

'Finger her' came Mark's instructions 

Kayleigh did as she was told, sliding a finger in Anna's wet pussy. 'Mmmmmm' Anna let out as Kayleigh started fingering her pussy. 

Kayleigh didn't ease up on Anna's clit, sucking it like a little cock. 'Another finger' ordered Mark. 

Kayleigh slid a second finger in Anna's tight pussy, running her fingers up and down the inside of Anna. 

Anna bucked her hips as tingles ran through her body, going out from her pussy. Her breathing quickening as the feeling grew in her, wanting to get out. 

Kayleigh's tongue kept working around Anna's clit and pussy. 

'Tease her ass' Mark instructed. 

Kayleigh took her fingers from Anna's wet pussy and started rubbing them against Anna's ass, followed by her tongue, which ran from Anna's pussy back down to her ass, sending a bolt of lightning through her as the tip of her tongue reached her ass. 

Kayleigh's tongue flicked Anna's ass as she felt a finger being pressed against her. 

'Ohhhhhhh' Anna let out as Kayleigh's finger went into her ass slowly. Just as Kayleigh's finger got all the way in she started pulling it out again, slowly fingering Anna's ass. Anna's ass was so tight she could feel every bump on Kayleigh's finger. 

Kayleigh's tongue started fucking Anna's pussy. 

The feeling of having both her pussy and ass played with sent Anna over the edge. 

The feeling came back, running throughout her body. She felt the heat growing in her pussy and ass. She moved her hips wanting Kayleigh deeper in her, she couldn't control it anymore as everything rushed to her pussy. She bucked her hips up and her head went back as every muscle tensed up, before she moaned deeply as the orgasm rocked her body. Kayleigh felt it happening and rode out with her. 

'Time to swap. Sit on her face Kayleigh'

Kayleigh pulled her finger from Anna's ass and moved up her body and placed her pussy over Anna's face. Anna stuck her tongue out, wanting to taste Kayleigh. As soon as her tongue found its mark Kayleigh shivered. Her clit was throbbing after bringing Anna to orgasm. Anna wanted to repay her friend and started working her tongue on Kayleigh's clit. Anna's hands ran up and down her back, gently dragging her nails along. 

Kayleigh put her hand behind Anna's head and pulled it up, forcing the tongue deep in her pussy. 

Kayleigh started grinding on Anna's face, rocking back and forth, making Anna's face wet with her pussy. Anna grabbed Kayleigh's ass and pulled her forward, ramming her tongue into Kayleigh's ass. 

Kayleigh feel forward with ecstasy and surprise. Anna had never done that to her before and she loved it!

Anna wondered what Mark was doing, was be wanking or just watching?

'Trib her Kayleigh' Mark interrupted them. 

'What is tribbing?' asked Anna. 

'Just wait, Kayleigh knows what to do' instructed Mark. 

Anna looked at Kayleigh with puzzlement as she moved her body down Anna's 

Kayleigh lifted her leg over Anna's and then lifted Anna's up. Kayleigh pressed her wet pussy against Anna's and started grinding them together. 

Anna wasn't sure at first until she felt Kayleigh's clit rubbing against hers. The thought and sight of their clits rubbing together, both wet from each others pussy sent both of them crazy. They both started moaning and working themselves against each other. 

Anna looked up at the screen and saw Mark's cock. He was stroking it slowly watching the 2 girls infront of him. 'Nice cock' Anna said between moans. 'Shame it's not here, I could really give you a show then'

Mark laughed 'and how would you do that?'

'By taking you down my throat,' she replied. 

'Promise?' Said Mark

'Yeah, but too bad you're so far away.' Anna teased him with. 

'Is that what you think?' Came Mark's reply. 

Click...the door in the corner opened. 

It had a sign 'Danger - Electricity' so neither Anna or Kayleigh had been in there. 

Mark casually walked out and headed straight over to where the girls were, shocked that he not only walked in, but was in there the whole time. 

Kayleigh and Anna saw his cock for the first time in the flesh, it looked thick and just longer then average. 

'Straight down your throat I believe?' He said, looking straight at Anna. 

Anna couldn't believe what was happening, here stood her boss, right infront of her, naked with a hard cock near her face. 

Her body took over and her mouth moved to take Mark's cock. Her tongue ran down his cock, feeling every bump and vein. 

Kayleigh had moved beside her and together they sucked and licked Mark's cock. 

Mark felt and watched their tongues going around him as the 2 girls meet in a kiss at the tip of his cock, their tongues playing with each other and rubbing him. 

Mark lifted their heads up and gave them both deep kisses. 

Anna took the lead and while laying down pulled Mark down on, his cock slipping straight in her wet pussy. 

Mark started fucking her, pounding her wet pussy. 

Anna had waited and played this in her dreams many times, but nothing prepared her for how great Mark's cock was in her pussy. 

Kayleigh didn't want to miss out and put her pussy back over Anna's face. Anna took the cue and started licking Anna's hot pussy. She could taste her own pussy from when they had cum together. 

Mark pulled out of Anna's pussy and laid next to her. 'Hop on' he instructed Kayleigh. She did as told and lowered herself on Mark's cock. 

Anna didn't want to miss out and lowered her pussy on Mark's face. Mark stuck his tongue out to meet her clit. Anna felt Mark's tongue flicking her clit and pussy, his tongue was thicker than Kayleigh's and made contact with more of her clit and pussy at once. She opened her eyes and saw Kayleigh looking at her, instinctively they leaned forward and kissed while Mark was making both of the cum. They moaned into each other as their orgams rocked through them. 

Kayleigh hopped off Mark, 'nows your chance Anna' she said, as Anna leaned foward and sucked Kayleigh's pussy off Mark's cock. 

'Chance to what?' Questioned Mark, 'To have you fuck her ass' Kayleigh replied. 

Anna just looked up at Mark, slightly embarrassed at the admission made by her friend. 

'Really?' Mark asked, looking down at Anna, her mouth tightly around his cock, she nodded back at him. 

She stood up and leaned forward, her legs spread slightly apart showing Mark her ass. 

Mark got behind her as Kayleigh slid underneath. Kayleigh started licking Anna's clit as Mark's cock pressed against her, she could feel her ass resisting his cock. 

Slowly it gave way until she could feel it sliding into her ass. 

She looked down and saw Kayleigh's pussy. She lowered her head and licked her clit and pussy as Mark started fucking her ass. 

'Fuck' she let out as Mark's cock was fully in her ass. It wasn't as painful as she expected, maybe because of how horny she was she didn't care. 

The combination of Mark fucking her ass and Kayleigh's tongue on her clit was bring Anna to pleasure heights she'd never felt before. 

She lost control when Kayleigh slid 2 fingers in her pussy, rubbing her gspot. She couldn't control the orgasm that flooded through her and felt like she was going to squirt all over Kayleigh's face. 

Mark was fucking her ass with more speed and harder, which drove her wild. 

He pulled out of her ass, 'lay on top of each other' he demanded. 

The girls moved so their breasts were pressed together, their rock hard nipples rubbing against each other. 

They kissed as Mark started fucking Anna's pussy. He moved straight from Anna's pussy to Kayleigh's. Working between the two hot wet pussys infront of him. He went back in Anna's ass even harder than before. 

He brought the girls to another orgasm as he fucked them senseless. 

'Who wants my cum first?' He asked, feeling he wouldn't last much longer. 

'Cum in her pussy' Kayleigh said, 'then i can lick it out of her'

Anna lifted her leg so Kayleigh could move around under her. Mark drove his cock into Anna's pussy and started pounding into her, he could feel himself building up to cum. Kayleigh was playing with his balls as they heard his breathing getting deeper, he went all tense and forced his cock as deep into Anna as it could go. Anna knew what was about to happen and her orgasm came again. Her pussy spasmed around Mark's cock as he cum shot out into Anna. She felt it and came again. 

Mark's cum kept going, filling Anna's pussy. He felt it running down his cock out of Anna, straight into the waiting mouth of Kayleigh below. 

Mark felt Anna's pussy milking him dry and resisting him pulling out. 

As he did more of his cum went down Kayleigh's tounge. Kayleigh pulled Anna's pussy down on her and drove her tongue into the freshly fucked pussy, searching for Mark's cum. 

Mark had moved around infront of Anna. Anna grabbed his cock and sucked him clean, loving the taste of her cum mixed with his. 

Kayleigh had finished licking Mark's cum up and came to Anna. They kissed, Mark's cum dribbling out of their mouths as they shared his cum. 

Anna broke the kiss after taking her share and licked the cum that had dripped onto Kayleigh's breast. 

They all fell back on the bed, exhausted and covered in sweat. 

The night hadn't gone as any of them planned, but was better then any of them dreamed. 

It wouldn't be the last night either...