 I know you will probably read this and think I am some pathetic wanker making up a story but I swear that this is the truth and I am just so pleased with myself that I want to share it with your readers.

My name is John and I am 35 years old, five seven, with brown hair. I think I am not bad looking and I have a fit body as I cycle and swim a lot. Last night I had the most fantastic sexual encounter of my life. It all started with my wife leaving on Thursday for a weekend away with her mates. Yesterday (Saturday) morning I got talking to one of our neighbours, Trude (pronounced Trudy), she lives next door with her friend Anna. 

Trude is leggy with brown hair and, although she has a very slim lower half, she has quite an impressive bust. She has very fine features and is good looking in a boyish way. Anna is dark haired, swarthy and much more voluptuous. She has big boobs, a pretty face and a curvy figure and shapely legs. I said that Gill was away.

Trude made the usual, "Poor you, all on your lonesome," remarks. 

I went along with the fun and moaned that I would just have to get some beers and a couple of videos to pass the time. "Dirty ones I suppose," Trude said. "May as well. It'll be the only fun I have this weekend," I replied. "I love a good mucky movie," Trude added "I might just join you." With that she departed into her kitchen and I went on with my chores. 

Although I briefly contemplated what it might be like to fuck Trude, I really just treated the conversation as a bit of harmless banter. We have socialised with Trude and Anna several times and she is often quite bawdy in her sense of humour, so I soon put the thoughts from my mind.

That night I had a couple of beers and watched an Arnie movie. But by about ten o'clock my mind was straying to the conversation with Trude and I began to feel a little horny. I got out one of our porno movies and popped it in. When I was well into it, and had my jeans round my ankles as I pumped my prick, the doorbell rang. I quickly made myself decent and rushed to answer the door. I was quite shocked to find Trude and Anna standing there grinning and holding up two bottles of wine.

They said they couldn't stand the thought of me all alone and so they had left the pub early to keep me company. In my rush to the door I had left the video running but had just switched channels to disguise it, and as I returned from the kitchen with some glasses I was horrified to discover that the girls had been flicking channels and discovered the porno movie. They teased me about it a bit but left it on as we drank and talked. I soon got over my embarrassment and enjoyed their chat.

The girls were obviously in boisterous mood and they were telling me about the pratts who had been chatting them up in the pub. They were very derogatory about their suitors and it was fun the hear them talk like this. I asked them what they wanted in a man.

Anna answered, "That!" Pointing at the screen where a bloke was giving a blonde a good cunt licking. We all laughed but our attention was now back on the film and we watched it for several minutes in silence.

Trude was to my right on the sofa next to me and Anna was on my left sitting in the chair. 

Trude said, "I want you to give me an honest answer; were you wanking off before we came in?"

I was bright red with embarrassment but I was interested to see what might happen so I said, "Yes."

"Would you like us to leave so you can continue then?" asked Anna.

"Or why don't you continue anyway?" prompted Trude. "I'm beginning to feel bit randy myself and I might even be tempted to slip a hand down my panties and join you." Both girls giggled at this.

The atmosphere was electric and Trude and Anna were just staring at me. I really wanted to get my cock out but I just couldn't seem to move. 

Trude then leaned over close and said, "Or would you just like me to do it for you?"

"Yes." Was all I could manage to croak weakly. Trude's hands were already on my zip and I watched, mesmerised as she drew it down. My cock was already rock hard and sticking up out of my boxer shorts. 

Trude looked into my eyes and said, "Lovely." 

I gasped as she closed her cool hand around my shaft and began to stroke up and down. She was very expert and was soon into a rhythm and I was panting and moaning about how fantastic it was. I noticed that Anna was just staring dreamily at us but was breathing quite heavily. She was leaning away from me with one leg over the arm of the chair nearest me. I couldn't see from my slumped position but I guessed that she had her hand in her panties. 

The whole time she was wanking me Trude never took her gaze off my face. I am sure she likes the feeling of being dominant and I sure found it very sexy.

Suddenly Anna slid to the floor and crawled over between my knees. "Let me wank him," she demanded. 

Trude immediately released her grip and I almost came as Anna grabbed my cock. Her technique was different from Trude's. She made slower, longer strokes and I think the change in pace helped me to hold out a little longer without coming.

Trude now pulled my sweatshirt off over my head and she started to kiss round my face and neck. She worked her way down to my chest and started to lick and suck my nipples. The feelings were fantastic and I knew I was going to come. 

I announced this and Trude sat up and said, "Yes! Do it! come in her mouth." 

Anna immediately dropped her head and popped my knob into her mouth just as the first jerk spurted out a stream of spunk. Anna kept her mouth on my prick the whole time I was coming but she didn't swallow my spunk. Instead it dribbled out and down my shaft and all over her fingers. 

The two girls started to lap it up and ended up in a deep, messy French kiss as they shared my cream between their mouths.

"That was wonderful," I sighed as they broke apart.

"Good," responded Trude, "So you won't mind returning the favour."

When I said it would be my pleasure Trude got up and started to undo her jeans. As she stepped out of them she told Anna to get undressed and sit on the sofa. Soon both girls were completely naked and sat side by side on the sofa with their feet on the floor. 

"Right, lick me!" commanded Trude, opening her legs wide. I shuffled forward and went down on her. At first I gently kissed around her neat bush and then worked my way down to her slot. I pushed my tongue deep inside her for my first taste of her hot tangy juices. 

"Open me wide!" Trude groaned and so I did and went to work on her clit with my tongue.

After a few minutes of this I began to work a finger into her cunt and soon I had two fingers pumping in and out as she bucked her hips in time to my rhythm. 

"Do Anna," Trude commanded again; and as I came up from between her legs the sight that greeted me was better than any porn movie. Anna had leaned across and was sucking Trude's tit and Trude's nipples were enormous, the biggest I've ever seen. Trude had her hand between her friend's legs and was sliding her middle finger along Anna's slot while grinding her clit with her palm. 

Anna lay back and told me to hold her open and concentrate on her clit. I did as she demanded and she was soon writhing around crying out that she was almost there. Then, with a cry of, "Oh fuck," Anna came in a massive orgasm. Drawing her knees up to her boobs she rolled over onto her side and lay there moaning as the waves of pleasure washed over her.

I watched Anna for a few moments and then looked at Trude. She was lying back, eyes closed, furiously wanking her clit and tweaking her enormous nipples. I moved in to lick her again and she suddenly sat upright and snapped at me to stand up. As I did so she hugged me round my bottom and took my semi hard cock in her mouth. 

She worked it for a few moments until it was rock hard then she lay back down again and barked, "Right, fuck me!" 

Trude obviously likes her sex on her terms but I wasn't arguing and I was soon pumping in and out of her surprisingly tight snatch. She pulled me down to her nipples and I got the idea she wanted me to do what Anna had been doing. 

After a few minutes of this Trude squealed she was coming and crossed her ankles behind my back and held me in a vice like grip with my cock buried in her up to the hilt. I could feel her fanny twitching as she came and she lay there moaning gently.

As her orgasm subsided she released her grip on me and as I started to hump at her again she moaned, "No," and pushed me out of her with a wet plop. Trude lay there glazed in sweat with her eyes closed. She was still tweaking her nipples and obviously just wanted to enjoy her afterglow. I knelt watching her and began to slowly wank my cock. 

Anna, whom I thought was sleeping, then poked me with her toe. As I looked over she was sliding to the floor and she said, "Don't waste that lovely cock. You can fuck me." 

I smiled as she lay back on the floor with her knees up. I crawled between her legs and up her body until we kissed and I slid my cock into her lovely cunt. 

Anna obviously wanted a slow comfortable screw as she slowed me down to a gentle pace and we just fucked and kissed for several minutes until she said she was close. I then increased the pace a little until she let out a long rising whine and bit her lower lip as she orgasmed for the second time. Seconds later I came deep inside her and collapsed on top of her lovely soft boobs.

We must have been asleep for an hour or so. When we awoke Trude was gone and so Anna and I went up to bed. 

She sucked me off again and then gave me a salty kiss after which she said, "If you enjoyed the taste of that kiss then you'll enjoy licking my fanny." 

When I just laughed but made no move Anna pinned me down and shuffled up my body to plant her dripping pussy on my face. Then she looked down at me and said, "What I mean is: you've had yours and I want mine so lick my cunt, slave."

So I did.

Anna was gone when I woke this morning. I do not know what the reaction will be when I see them later but at least I had a lot of fun. I hope I can persuade the girls to repeat the performance and maybe think of some way to involve my wife.