 This story is a continuation of the facial-fest story: "The Neighbors", which last ended in a massive bukkake. This story contains extreme degradation and humiliation and even a golden shower. As always this is a story that contains LOTS OF FACIALS! So please enjoy! Please leave comments! They are always much appreciated.

--

Now, Tina was currently updating her popular facial-fetish blog that she posted pictures online of facials she found deeply erotic or tantalizing, or took part in answering incredibly personal questions regarding her own experiences with receiving loads of sperm on her face. So popular had the blog become, that Tina soon had fans sending in personal candid photographs of their own facials. Tina would take these photos and upload them to a specific section of her blog titled "Wall of the Cum-Sluts" (of which photos of Lana's first facial ended up on). Lana, Tina thought. She already missed the young nubile who had been gone for nearly a month now, visiting family back home for the holidays. Lana had called both her and Mark over the last few weeks on a couple occasions to have phone sex (a couple more steamy occasions involved all three of them on the phone at the same time, Tina and Mark curled up in bed together, both naked.)

Right now, Tina was meeting one of her fans that she had been in contact with recently regarding her wanting to be humiliated by means of facial. Tina did this occasionally, depending on the pitch, and how interested she was in each story. Mostly, Tina had to shift through countless e-mails from men and women a like who solicited her for sex, but every once in a while she met somebody via the Internet who genuinely looked to her for advice sexually. Her new friend, Nikki, was one of those exceptions. Nikki was a spritely little brunette with short-cropped black hair and gorgeous blue eyes who had contacted Tina recently looking for answers regarding her curiosity about facials. When Nikki told Tina what her husband wanted to do, Tina eventually invited them over to her apartment so that she could help guide her and her husband to experiencing this facial in a way that both made them comfortable (and Tina wanted to help them communicate and educate them on facials). 

When Tina's doorbell eventually rang, she strutted over to the door and answered, surprised to see three faces instead of two. Besides Nikki, a cute little thing, was her husband who looked barely a day out of college, and a freckled little redhead hiding behind box frame glasses that could of passed for Lana's sister. Tina was shocked at how much she was attracted to the young trio before her, and was curious as to who the unfamiliar face was.

"Hi, welcome!" Tina said. "Come in, come in," she added.

All three of them stepped into Tina's apartment and met eyes with Tina.

"Oh, Tina, this is my sister, Ashley," Nikki said, introducing the two of them. They both shook hands as Tina turned back to Nikki and shook her hands. "And this is my husband, Cody," Nikki added, introducing Tina to the good-looking boy with a messy head of sandy blonde hair hiding his obvious crush on her. Tina's cheeks flushed as she instantly realized he was the fan of the group, and had probably seen her face covered in a mess of various loads of sperm before. Hell, he probably saw all of her videos, she thought, and bet he had even fantasized about ejaculating onto her face before. And now that he was getting married to this girl who was obviously turned-off to the concept of facials, he wanted to convert her to a little facial-loving cum-slut. Tina specialized in this (assuming she could consider Lana her protégée who she was pretty sure was on her knees right now taking a load of thick semen on her face from an ex-boyfriend she mentioned on the phone the other night). Tina smiled at the thought and offered everyone a complimentary glass of red wine to help ease the obvious tension in the room. Once everyone had settled, and made small talk, Tina decided to get right down to business.

"So tell me in your own words guys... why are you here?" Tina said, setting down her glass on the coffee table in front of her. Nikki and Cody sat together on the loveseat beside her, Ashley in the chair opposite them.

"Well, first off, I just want to say how big of a fan I am of your blog," Cody began nervously. Nikki forced a smile, but what really took Tina off guard was the not so subtle exhale of disapproval coming from Ashley's side of the room. Tina turned quickly to meet eyes with Ashley and thought she suddenly seemed uncomfortable at best, but she turned back to the newly weds just as quickly.

"Thank you," Tina said bashfully.

"But... I guess to say it plainly, well... I want to give my wife a humiliating facial," Cody stated as firmly as he could.

Another light sigh of disapproval form Ashley.

"You specifically want the facial to be humiliating?" Tina asked.

"Well, you said yourself on your blog that facials can be anything from deeply erotic and beautiful to degrading and humiliating... and that you enjoy receiving them on both ends of that spectrum and in every context in between. Well, I'm curious about this specific context," Cody continued.

"And you two have talked about this?" Tina asked, turning now to Nikki who look more nervous than ever.

"Yes, I want him to humiliate me," Nikki admitted. "I want to please my husband sexually, and, I admit... this wasn't my fantasy, but... I want to be open-minded enough to give this a try. And that's why my sister is here," Nikki added.

Tina cocked an eyebrow and turned back to the redhead who forced a smile.

"You two are sisters?" Tina asked, incredulous.

"Yes, I'm not thrilled to be here honestly, but I'm here to support my baby sister, Nikki," Ashley stated firmly.

"I take it you disapprove of this whole meeting..." Tina inquired.

"I've seen your blog, or what pieces of it I could stomach. I think it's deplorable that you would let a man do to you what you let him do... no offense. Facials are degrading and demeaning, and my sister's husband is making no attempt at hiding that fact. I love my little sister, and my brother-in-law is supposed to do the same. I can't imagine why he'd want to do this to her. We were both raised Catholic and Nikki knows just like I do that it is immoral to accept a man's seed anywhere other than where it is meant... especially her face."

"So you're here specifically for..."

"They wanted to humiliate Nikki in front of somebody and I didn't approve, so I met them halfway and told them that I would come along," Ashley stated.

Tina nodded and turned back to Nikki and Cody who both nodded. Tina smiled at Nikki whose cheeks flushed as red as her sister's hair.

"Nikki, how do you feel about being humiliated in front of your older sister?" Tina asked, generally curious. 

"I don't know. I mean, I guess I thought it was weird at first, but... I'm happy it's her. And then when I realized how much she disapproved of the whole thing, I think that made Cody only all the more excited to do this to me in front of her. Him and Ashley have never really gotten along, so I guess there's going to be a little bit of spite in this whole thing."

"And you're okay with receiving a facial partially out of spite for your sister?" Tina asked.

"I guess so," Nikki stated.

Ashley just scoffed.

"Well then, I guess we should begin," Tina stated. "Nikki, you should know that facials are humiliating and degrading by nature. Your husband is looking to ejaculate his semen all over your face to establish his dominance over you sexually and humiliate you in front of your older sister. He's picking to cover your face in sperm, not your chest or your stomach, or even your pussy... but your face. The very same face he fell in love with and the same face your sister recognizes. You see, your body is just a sexual vessel that only your husband can enjoy... but your face is what you show the world. That he wants to ejaculate onto that is a sign of ultimate dominance. He wants to show Ashley that he has complete sexual control over you right now and turn you into nothing more than a dumpster for his seed in front of your older sister."

"Sounds degrading..." Nikki said, blushing and slightly uncomfortable. She exchanged an obviously awkward look with her sister and returned her eyes to Tina.

"Have you seen the cum-dumpster section on my blog?" Tina asked.

"Yes, I have. I found it a bit too much... but, I know it's what my husband wants to turn me into," Nikki stated.

"Repulsive," Ashley spat.

"But that's what your husband is going to do to you. I'm going to take your picture and you're going to share your humiliating facial with the world by being recognized as a lowly cum dumpster," Tina continued.

"Is that what you want to do to me?' Nikki asked Cody, turning to him nervously.

"Yes..." Cody stated. "I love you, though."

"Ha!" Ashley spat again. "Is that why you want to ejaculate onto her face!"

"Tonight it is," Cody defended.

"Well, Ashley, in order for Nikki to be properly degraded, she's going to need to suck her husband's cock. You seem slightly upset right now. Are you sure you're going to be comfortable watching your sister perform fellatio on Cody?"

"I guess I'll have to be," Ashley huffed while folding her arms in an obvious tantrum.

"I'm going to ask that Nikki gets completely naked for this blowjob. Are you comfortable seeing your sister naked?" Tina inquired, half-curious to the answer.

Ashley sighed heavily. "I guess so."

Tina turned back to Nikki who smiled bashfully.

"Nikki, is that okay?"

Nikki nodded. "Yes, I guess so..."

Tina turned to Cody who looked like he was going to explode right then and there. Nikki got up and stood before everyone in the room, bashfully nervous, and exhaled deeply. It was now or never. She had stripped in front of her husband before, but never a complete stranger... and especially never in front of her sister. But there was no helping that now. Nikki peeled off her shirt up and over her head, revealing her lacy black bra clung tightly around her small B-Cup breasts. Next came her pants, revealing to the whole living room that she was only wearing a matching black thong. Nikki smiled nervously and met eyes with Tina who nodded approvingly. She smiled bashfully and turned back to Cody who smiled back at her. Then, she reached around behind her back and unfastened her bra and pulled it away from her small perky breasts with tiny dark nipples. Ashley averted her eyes for just a moment, but then turned back as she realized it would be futile to attempt and give her sister any privacy since she would be witnessing her performing oral sex in just a few moments. Nikki hooked her fingers into the bands of her panties and then peeled them down off her hips, revealing her clean-shaven vulva beneath. 

"You look so beautiful honey," Cody admitted.

"Thank you," Nikki replied, still wholly embarrassed. There she was, stark naked in front of her husband, Tina, and her older sister Ashley... all eyes on her. Cody stood up next and peeled off his shirt revealing his abs, which surprised even Ashley. Next came his pants and socks. By the time Cody pulled his jeans off, Ashley nearly gasped at the sight of his raging erection bursting beneath his boxers. Clearly Cody was well endowed, and for just a split second, Ashley was jealous of her baby-sister's sex life. Ashley was single herself and had not had sex since she had been divorced. Then, when Cody pulled his boxers down off his hips, his erect penis was revealed which actually impressed Ashley, but she still scoffed at the thought of what he was about to do with it. Cody turned to Ashley and she was quick to avert her eyes so that her brother-in-law did not catch her staring at his member. Ashley turned back to Nikki who smiled and eventually fell to her knees. Cody stood up and approached her, his rock hard cock pointing right at her face the whole time. Finally, when Cody was in position, Nikki reached up and grabbed Cody's dick and started to stroke it. Then, Nikki took the head of her husband's penis into her mouth.

Ashley just sighed.

"I can't believe I'm watching this..."

Nikki began to wrap her tongue around Cody's head and soon began bobbing up and down on his whole girth. Ashley just watched as her baby sister took a raging hard cock deep into her mouth, so far inside even, that it caused her throat to swell around it. Tina could tell Nikki was a master fellatrix well trained in the art of deep-throat (possibly she hadn't been before she met Cody, she imagined). Cody began to sigh heavily in ecstasy as Nikki herself began moaning, excited by the fact that she could cause her husband such immense pleasure (especially in front of so many people). Nikki was somewhat nervous about being watched, and even felt somewhat humiliated by that... but that was the point, wasn't it?

"God... Nikki, you really know how to suck a cock..." Cody 

Nikki groaned her approval around her husband's penis as she felt her pussy flood with excitement. Cody watched her wife's tiny fingers brush by her clit, which made him smile devilishly.

"You can rub yourself in front of all of us, sweetie, it's okay," Cody said.

Tina felt her own pussy flood with excitement as she watched Nikki's hand slide between her leg and begin rubbing her clit instinctually, her groans of ecstasy muffled around the massive cock stuffed down her throat. Ashley watched the veins on Cody's penis throb as her baby sister continued to slobber all over the tip, pre-cum and saliva spilling out of the corners of her mouth. Ashley rolled her eyes as she continued to watch her baby sister suck on her husband's thick, juicy cock.

"Why don't you show your sister how sloppy your blowjobs really are," Cody suggested coyly.

Just then, Nikki pulled her husband's cock out of her mouth, thick strings of pre-cum and saliva connecting her mouth to the throbbing engorged cock aching right in front of her mouth. Ashley was disgusted to see that her sister's entire chin was lathered in pre-cum and saliva. But she nearly gagged when she witnessed her sister do something even more reprehensible. She saw her sister spit right onto the tip of Cody's penis and then impale it back into her throat. When Cody pulled back out his wife's throat, he took his cock in his hand and turned to Ashley.

"I can't wait to paint your sister's beautiful face with my cum," Cody said.

Ashley just rolled her eyes. "You're unbelievable..."

"I'm going to ejaculate all... over," Cody said, taking his cock, dripping with pre-cum, and dragging it all over Nikki's face. Nikki closed her eyes as she felt the warm sensation of her husband's pre-cum smear all over her face. Then, Cody took his cock and began slapping it all over Nikki's forehead, sending speckles of pre-cum flying into her hair.

"Nikki loves cock, Ashley. When we first started fooling around, she couldn't stop touching it and playing with it. By the time she decided to take it into her mouth, she couldn't get enough of it," Cody said.

"Whatever," Ashley huffed.

"Here, why don't you watch me fuck your sister's throat," Cody said as he took Nikki's head into both of his hands and rammed his whole cock violently into the back his wife's throat. Nikki let her hands fall to her side, as she knew she would not be able to resist the might of her husband's grip. Right now, her throat was a vessel for her husband's pleasure and she could do nothing about it. Soon, Cody's cock was a piston slamming in and out of her throat, rocketing over her tongue and far past her gag reflex. Nikki's eyes began to water over as her makeup ran and mixed with the pre-cum smeared all over cheeks and chin. The guttural sounds of forced labor emitting from Nikki's throat actually caused Ashley to stand up in protest. She was witnessed her sister's mouth rammed violently by Cody's cock with no regard for Nikki's well being. 

"Jesus, Cody! Stop that!"

"It's okay, Ashley. Your sister is fine," Tina interjected.

Finally, Cody released her wife from around his cock as she exploded into a violent coughing fit and started gagging. Nikki's eyes were puffy and red, her mascara stained down her cheeks. Her whole face was already a mess, and her husband hadn't yet ruined it with his sperm. By the time Nikki stopped coughing, she held up her hand to Ashley to show her that she was, indeed, just fine. Ashley cursed under her breath and sat back down.

"It's okay, Ash... I kind of like it," Nikki attempted.

"Clearly!"

Ashley then saw that Cody's erection was throbbing, almost pulsating, and dripping wet with pre-cum and saliva lathered all over. Nikki continued to gag as Brian took her head back into his hands and began to fuck his wife's throat. Tina just watched on, hand stuffed down her pants while she quickly rubbed her own aching clit. Ashley looked over and noticed this and just rolled her eyes. She felt like she had stumbled into a brothel just then. Still, it concerned her how Cody was treating her baby sister, slamming in and out of her throat while thick strands of pre-cum and saliva spilled out of the corners of her mouth and splattered down onto her breasts. Her sister's face was a mess, which disgusted her even more, but she couldn't abandon her now. But when Cody started to moan louder and louder, she knew the part she had been dreading all night was about to arrive.

"Oh, God... I'm going to cum all over that pretty little face of yours, Nikki!"

"Cody, you don't have to do this. You've already embarrassed my sister thoroughly enough," Ashley said.

"Not as embarrassed as she's going to be when her husband ejaculates his sperm all over her face in front of you," Tina chimed in, clearly enjoying herself more and more with each passing second

"Ugh, Cody, please... I'll even pay you. Just don't do this!" Ashley pleaded.

Cody finally pulled out of his wife's hot, wet mouth and started to stroke himself over her pre-cum soaked face.

"Ashley, it's okay... this is going to happen," Nikki leveled.

"What is?" Cody asked, stroking his soaking erection right at his wife's face. Nikki just smiled at the engorged head pointing right at her and turned up to meet eyes with her husband.

"You giving me a facial," Nikki stated.

"To degrade you!" Ashley spat.

"I know..." Nikki admitted almost solemnly, a hint of sadness hidden behind her eyes as she stared up at her husband. "That's what you want to do to me, right... degrade me?"

"Yes..." Cody groaned.

"Then go for it! Ejaculate a big load of semen onto your wife's face and degrade her in front of her older sister. Turn me into a cum-dumpster if you want," Nikki said, much to Ashley's surprised.

"Oh God! Here it comes!" Cody groaned out.

Then, before Ashley could protest, she was stunned to see Cody's throbbing penis jolt as a thick rope of thick white sperm rocketed out of the tip and splashed into her little sister's forehead, sending cum flying into her hair an across her face. Ashley cringed at the degrading act and shuttered as if she were grossed out. Nikki recoiled instinctively, but Tina held her head firmly in place as another jet of her husband's hot white semen splattered across the bridge of her nose. Ashley finally couldn't contain her disgust anymore.

"Jesus, Cody! That's disgusting!" Ashley exclaimed, covering her mouth at the sight.

"It's okay, Ashley, I want this..." Nikki said through closed eyes.

But Ashley wasn't convinced as she saw her baby sister grimace when a third rivulet of white sperm rocketed out and landed directly over Nikki's brow, connecting across her forehead down onto her cheek. The thin strand of semen dangled awkwardly in front of Nikki's eye. The thick batch of cum spilling down the bridge of her nose and began to spill off her cute little button nose. Soon, a long thick strand of gooey white sperm was hanging awkwardly off Nikki's nose, swinging loosely in front of her lips. 
