 Authors' Note: As promised I finished this story. This is the final chapter as Monique and Jerry settle in to their new found lifestyle.

MONIQUE'S SPA EXPERIENCE

Monique arrived at the spa and checked in. She was shown to her room and then she walked around the grounds that afternoon. Monique was impressed with the number of good looking tanned people there were at the resort. Most of the staff was young beautiful blond hard bodied men and women, Monique felt her pussy tingle just from looking at them. The guests at the spa all seemed to be very fit as well and enjoyed showing off their beach ready bodies. Monique was no slouch in that department and she looked stunning in a new bikini that she bought at the resort store. Monique turned more than one head that day as she enjoyed the afternoon at the pool. She thought to herself that she could probably have all the cock she wanted.

As much as Monique was tempted by all the hard bodies she decided to try and remain on her best behavior. She could look at the young studs all day and fantasized about fucking them. Monique decided to treat herself to a massage at the resort spa and made an appointment for 2:00 PM. Monique arrived at the spa for her massage and she was told to have a seat in the waiting room. Monique was still dressed in her bikini but she had added a shear wrap that covered her lower body. A pretty very tall blonde girl came into the waiting area wearing extremely short tight white shorts and a white t-shirt. Monique guessed her to be almost six feet tall. She had long tan shapely legs that ended at a very shapely ass. Her breasts were pert and firm with her nipples poking through the material of her shirt. She picked up a card and turned toward Monique and spoke.

"Monique" she said with a sexy smile, "I'm your masseuse Kelly, follow me please." 

She led Monique to the massage room and Monique felt her loins tingle as she walked behind the blonde beauty and watched the roll of her curvy firm ass. Kelly led Monique into a room where she handed her a towel and told her to undress and make her self comfortable on the table. Then she left the room. Monique took off her wrap and bikini and looked at her naked body in the mirror. She was pleased with what she saw as she worked hard to keep her figure. She then laid face down on the massage table and covered her buttocks with the towel as she awaited her first professional massage. When Kelly returned she set out many different bottles of lotions and oils. 

Kelly poured a hand full of massage oil and began with Monique's neck and shoulders. Monique was instantly relaxed by Kelly's touch and she closed her eyes and let out a relaxing sigh. Kelly was very good at her job. After giving a considerable amount of attention to Monique's shoulders she continued slowly downward to Monique's sides and lower back. Then ignoring the towel that was over Monique's buttocks, Kelly slid her hands underneath it and firmly massaged Monique's ass. Monique didn't mind in fact it felt good. After a moment Kelly removed the towel and tossed it aside.

"Do you mind? Those towels just get in the way," Kelly asked.

"No not at all," Monique replied.

Then Kelly slid her warm oily hands down between Monique's thighs. Monique felt the edge of Kelly's fingers briefly brush against her pussy. Monique tensed up a little and gave a short, almost silent gasp. 

"Oh sorry, I see you're a little sensitive there," Kelly said and then continued down to the backs of Monique's knees. 

"Well it did tickle and you caught me by surprise," Monique answered with a giggle.

Kelly gave a subtle laugh as she gently bent Monique's leg to massage her ankles and feet. Monique wondered if Kelly realized what she had done and wondered if she meant to do it. Monique thought that it felt good and she secretly hoped that Kelly would do it again. Kelly applied more oil to Monique's feet as she carefully massaged the soles and between each of Monique's toes. Then Kelly worked her way back up the inside of Monique's legs until she reached the same spot as before. Again Monique felt the edge of Kelly's fingers brush against her pussy. Monique instinctively parted her thighs slightly giving Kelly's hands more room to work. But to Monique's disappointment, Kelly didn't seem to notice and she moved upward eventually back to Monique's shoulders.

"Okay, you can turn over now," Kelly said as she walked over to table to the lotions. 

Monique was now lying face up bare breasted and her nipples were a bit stiff from the cool air. Monique raised her head and looked down to see her bare pubic mound and pussy lips peeking out between her thighs. She felt a little on display, but she was a little turned on as well. 

"Are you okay? Do you want the towel back? Kelly asked.

"I'm okay," Monique sighed and then laid her head back on the table. She thought to herself, "What are you doing?"

Kelly returned to the massage table and stood behind Monique's head. She started rubbing Monique's temples then moved her hands down over Monique's neck and chest. Kelly applied more oil to Monique's breasts and massaged them softly at first then she increased the pressure little by little. Kelly seemed to be focused on Monique's nipples, which aroused Monique even more than the brief encounter between her legs. Monique began breathing heavier as her nipples grew harder. 

"You have nice tits Monique," Kelly said as she rolled the nipples in her fingers.

Monique just groaned softly and pushed her chest up harder into Kelly's hands. As Kelly leaned over Monique her firm breasts were just above Monique's face. Monique instinctively reached up and squeezed them gently. Monique could feel Kelly's hard nipples poking out through the tee shirt. That was the sign that Kelly had been waiting for, Kelly smiled and then she pinched Monique's nipples. Kelly then lowered her mouth and met Monique's breast. Kelly's warm tongue circled around the swollen areola and Monique felt Kelly's hand slide down over her stomach and between her legs. Kelly's oily fingers found Monique's clit and gently stroked it before she slipped a finger inside Monique's pussy. Monique was already sopping wet and welcomed Kelly's penetrating touch. 

Monique gasped in surprise and then moaned loudly as Kelly's finger slid between Monique's nether lips and wormed its way deep inside. Kelly then pushed her thumb back into Monique's pussy and held her in a bowling grip. Monique's vaginal and anal muscles tightened around Kelly's finger and thumb as she slowly pushed them in and out. Kelly's mouth moved from one of Monique's nipples to the other, back and forth, nibbling, sucking and licking. Monique was in a euphoric state as she engaged in only her second lesbian encounter.

Kelly removed her thumb and finger from Monique's pussy and asshole. They she pushed two fingers into Monique's overheated twat. Kelly then slipped her fingers out of Monique and slowly rubbed her hand back up over Monique's stomach and between Monique's tits. Monique watched as Kelly stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked Monique's juices from them. Kelly closed her eyes as she savored the taste of her latest conquest. 

Kelly walked around to the foot of the table where she pulled Monique's body down until her buttocks were at the edge. Kelly then leaned down between Monique's parted legs and licked and kissed slowly up Monique's inner thighs. Kelly's hot mouth eventually met Monique's clit and Monique moaned as Kelly sucked it and tongued it. Kelly spread Monique's legs further apart and tweaked her nipples while Kelly's tongue explored Monique's slit. She inserted her fingers in Monique's pussy again. Monique pulled her knees up to her chest allowing Kelly to push deeper inside her. Monique's legs began to tremble as Kelly licked harder and faster. Kelly's fingers probed Monique's g-spot and Monique could feel the orgasm rising in her. Monique's whole body tensed up and she ground her pussy against Kelly's fingers and mouth. Kelly sucked Monique's clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Kelly's fingers pumped in and out of Monique's wet cunt and finally Monique climaxed. Monique's body convulsed, her voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when she couldn't seem to make noise. Monique gripped the massage table and held it for the duration of her seemingly endless crescendo.

Kelly's tongue traveled upward and met with Monique's tits again. She nibbled each of Monique's little pink buttons sending waves electricity through her still quivering body. Kelly wet her finger in Monique's pussy and held it to her lips so Monique could taste herself.

"You seem to like that," Kelly said and then asked. "Would you like to taste me?"

Monique swallowed the lump in her throat and nodded yes as she was about to eat another pussy. Kelly stripped off her tee shirt and tight shorts and Monique noticed that Kelly's blonde pussy hair was moist. Kelly lay down on the massage table and Monique got on all fours and buried her face in Kelly's pussy sucking up her sweet nectar. She grabbed Monique's head and grinded against her nose. Her pussy smelled and tasted so good. 

"Fuck me with your fingers," Kelly cried out. 

Monique slid her middle finger inside Kelly's gap while she tongued her throbbing clit. Kelly got wetter and wetter and Monique drank it all in. Monique's free hand explored upward to find Kelly's firm full breasts. Her areolas felt huge and her nipples were very stiff. Monique felt Kelly's hand on the back of her head pushing her face hard into Kelly's cunt. 

Monique pulled her finger out of Kelly's pussy so she could replace it with her tongue. Monique had a desire to taste more of her. Monique used her fingers to spread Kelly's pussy lips open and Monique's tongue darted in and out of her sweet hole. Then Monique drove her tongue in as deep as she could and wiggled it around inside her getting a good taste of Kelly's pussy. Kelly thrashed about and bucked her hips as Monique's tongue slithered around inside her. 

"I'm going to cum!" she screamed and then, "Oh shit here it cums. I'm cumming, oh hold me, and eat me, oh!" 

Monique's mouth went into frenzy as she licked and sucked Kelly and stuffed two fingers in her wet love hole. Monique could feel Kelly's muscles tighten around her fingers as she came.

As the two women calmed each other after the storm Kelly looked up at the wall clock and said, "We still have about 15 minutes left and I have something that I want to try on you."

Kelly took a double dildo out of her bag and placed one end of it in her pussy. Then she crawled between Monique's legs and placed the other end in Monique's pussy. The two of them then fucked each other until they orgasmed a second time. Kelly thrust her hips into Monique and Monique raised her hips to meet Kelly's. They raced toward their orgasms as if it were a contest to see who could cum first. Monique came first and screamed into Kelly's shoulder. Kelly was right behind her and her body spasmed as she drenched the dildo with her nectar. The two of them remained coupled together by the fake cock for several minutes as they let their bodies recover. They stroked each other as if they were comforting one another and then Kelly moved. The dildo remained in her pussy as it slipped from Monique's. Then Kelly pulled the rubber cock from her pussy and licked the end that had been in Monique's pussy. Then Kelly handed the dildo to Monique who sucked the end clean that had been in Kelly's pussy.

The two of them got dressed and left the massage room. Monique paused in the lobby as she watched Kelly escort a very pretty mature woman back to the massage room. Monique smiled as she watched the woman run her hand over Kelly's ass as they walked down the hallway. Monique then returned to the pool to relax the rest of the afternoon. She wondered what the second day at the spa would bring, so much for a break from sex.

DAY TWO AT THE SPA

Monique decided to make another appointment with Kelly the next day. She would be checking out at noon so she scheduled the massage for 10:00 AM. Monique arrived at the appointed time and she was escorted into the massage room. Monique stripped as usual as did Kelly this time and then Kelly began the massage. Monique couldn't help but touch Kelly's body as Kelly moved around the table. It wasn't long before Kelly and Monique were in a torrid 69 on the massage table. They were both extremely hot and it did not take much before their first orgasms rocked their bodies. Kelly got off the table and her eyes looked toward the door. 

"Monique this is my husband Carl. He works here too and I told him about you," Kelly announced.

Monique looked up and saw a naked man standing in the room sporting a huge erection. Monique stared at his cock momentarily and then looked around for something to cover herself with. There were no towels close by so she and Kelly were totally nude in front of Carl. As Carl approached the table, Monique covered her tits and pussy with her hands as best she could.

"Oh don't tell me that you are going to be shy now. Not after what I just witnessed with you and Kelly," Carl said as he moved to the end of the table.

Monique couldn't help but look at his impressive cock as it was bigger than anything she had seen in her life. It was easily twice the size of her husband's cock and bigger than Vince's. Kelly moved behind Monique and slowly peeled Monique's hands away from her tits and pussy. Monique leaned back into Kelly and she could feel Kelly's stiff nipples pressing into her back. Kelly began to caress Monique's tits and then whispered to her.

"Monique, just go with the flow. Carl is a great fuck," Kelly told her.

Monique knew she was had. She then resolved herself to let Carl fuck her and relaxed her body. Carl pushed her thighs apart and Monique offered no resistance. 

"Now that's better," Carl sighed as he moved between her thighs.

"Look how big and hard his cock is. He's dying to fuck you but I want you to suck him first," Kelly said and then directed, "Let's take this to the floor."

Kelly guided Monique to the floor. As she moved off the table, Carl looked at Monique's hot ass and his loins tingled with desire. Monique stared at Carl's impressive cock. As Monique stared at Carl's cock, her eyelids were half closed in a sexual swoon. Kelly eased her forward toward Carl and pushed her to her knees. 

"Suck his cock," she ordered. 

Monique's hand moved up and gripped Carl's thick cock. Her hand just fit around his girth. She pulled his cock down and slid him into her hot mouth. He groaned with lust and pushed his hips forward so that half his cock rooted into Monique's mouth. Kelly knelt behind Monique and caressed the girl's firm tits. 

Kelly whispered in Monique's ear, "I'm going to eat your pussy again and you're going to eat mine again. Carl's going to fuck both of us with that hot cock of his. He's going to fuck our mouths and our pussies. He's going to cum all over our faces. He can cum in gallons. Monique, you're going to learn how to fuck like a real woman today."

Monique's head bobbed up and down the length of Carl's cock. She sucked him deep into her throat, moaning and gurgling around his thickness. She pulled him out so she could run her tongue around the magnificent head of his cock and taste the tangy pre-cum dripping from the piss hole. Her mouth nibbled down the shaft while she stroked him with one hand and caressed his balls with the other. Behind her she felt Kelly's hand reaching down to rub her pussy and penetrate her pink slit with two fingers. Her hips began undulating as her lover slid her fingers in and out of her tight pussy. Above her Carl banged his cock into her mouth so that she gagged a little and had to take him out. She rubbed his cock against her face as she caught her breath. Kelly knelt up next to her to share Carl's cock. They both nibbled and sucked and jerked him. They let their tongues tangle together and felt his cock slide over their cheeks and into their hair. 

"Let's make him cum now so he won't go off too quickly when he's fucking us," said Kelly. 

Monique whimpered and sucked him back into her mouth. 

"Let me take him for a second," said Kelly, and she took Carl's cock in both her hands and started jacking him hard against her cheek. "You want to cum all over our faces don't you," she coyly asked. "Want to cum all over Monique." 

Carl groaned, unable to withstand any more. Monique saw his cock grow and then Kelly turned it towards Monique as a hot jet of cum shot out against her face. It splashed all over her mouth and cheeks. Another shot landed on her forehead streaking across an eye. Kelly turned the cock on herself taking several shots against her cheeks and turning her face side to side to coat herself with his cum. She caught the last few blasts in her mouth then turned to Monique and kissed her pushing Carl's cum onto Monique's tongue. They separated then began licking the stray semen off each other's faces. Monique was mortified as no one had ever cum on her in her life and now she was doused with Carl's seed.

Kelly urged Monique to straddle her face and then Kelly tongue fucked the young girl. Carl slipped his still hard cock back into Monique's mouth while Monique moaned and rubbed her muff against Kelly's mouth. Monique felt her Kelly's fingers invading her tender ass and she sprayed cream out on her lover's tongue and face as Kelly finger fucked her ass to the knuckles.

Carl straddled Kelly's body and crouching forward brought his hot cock up to the lips of Monique's cunt. He slid his cock home and began fucking into her. He reached around her and rubbed her tits. His hand slid across her face, his fingers dipping into her mouth so he could feel her tongue slide and glide across them. Kelly slid her tongue against Monique's clit and licked the shaft of Carl's cock as it slid in and out of Monique. Monique was cumming incessantly and thick cunt cream dripped down Carl's shaft and onto Kelly's face.

Occasionally a gusher of Monique's love cream would spill out from around the tight seal of Carl's cock in her pussy and drip down to cover Kelly's face. Kelly's cunt gripped crazily around her own fingers as she came, her body shaking convulsively. Carl cried out and spilled his second load of seed this time into his Monique's womb. Monique cried out in ecstasy feeling Carl's hot semen jetting into her for the first time and feeling his shaft balloon as the cum worked its way through the cock head. 

Kelly sat up and adjusted her body so she could watch Monique eat her pussy. Monique sheepishly knelt in front of Kelly and lowered her mouth to Kelly's pussy. Monique ran her tongue along Kelly's cum dripping slit and she could taste the combined juices of male and female orgasms. As Monique ate Kelly's pussy she felt Carl's hand on her ass and then his cock touched her vulva. Monique moved her legs further apart and Carl moved his cock into her pussy. Monique still couldn't believe how long and thick Carl's cock felt in her pussy. He was clearly bigger than any cock that had ever been in her pussy. She was stuffed with cock. Carl began fucking her slowly again as Monique continued to lap at Kelly's pussy. 

"Get you tongue in there deep, there is plenty of cum to be sucked out of my cunt," Kelly directed.

Monique did what she was told and plunged her tongue deeper into Kelly's pussy and sought out the loads of cum. Carl slipped an oily finger into Monique's ass and she responded by rotating her ass and humping back at his cock. Monique secretly hoped that he wouldn't try to put his big cock in her ass as she had only been ass fucked by Kelly's dildos.

"Carl where is your cock?" Kelly asked.

"It is in her pussy, baby," Carl replied.
