 Authors Note: I had not finished this story several years ago mainly because of low readership. Recently I received a few requests to write another chapter and close out the story. The reader may want to read the first chapter before this one. 

MONIQUE'S SEDUCTION CONTINUES

Once in her bedroom Sherry selected some sex toys to show Monique. Monique was shocked to see the collection of sex toys and items that Sherry possessed. There were dildos, vibrators, beads and a strap-on harness. Sherry turned on one of the vibrators and ran it over Monique's pussy. Monique shivered when the vibration touch her clit.

"You like?" Sherry asked.

"Oh yes it makes me tingle!" Monique exclaimed.

Sherry put aside the vibrator and strapped on a harness with a dildo inserted in it. Sherry knelt on the bed between Monique's legs and pressed her lips down hard on Monique's kissing her until her lips parted and Sherry's tongue entered her mouth. Monique reached down and wrapped her hand around the fake cock that was touching her inner thighs. Without a word Sherry moved Monique's legs apart and slid the flexible dong into her soaking wet pussy. There was no resistance at all Monique was so wet that the head slipped in easily.

As Sherry slid the fake cock inside her, Monique lifted her knees and closed her eyes surrendering herself to Sherry. Monique gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then Monique felt something fierce burst inside her as Sherry thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into Monique causing her to cry out. Monique grasped the bed sheets and her cries got louder with each thrust of Sherry's cock into her.

"Oh yes, harder, harder fuck me harder," Monique screamed thrusting her hips up to meet Sherry, "Oh God, yes, it's so good," she continued.

Sherry hooked her arms under Monique's knees and held on, her thrusts becoming harder and faster. Monique could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that she so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning Monique screamed out with her body suddenly tensing and arching up off the bed. Monique's cumming pushed Sherry over the edge and they both exploded together. Sherry collapsed on top of Monique their breasts pressing together. They lay quietly with the fake cock still buried in Monique's pussy until Sherry rolled off her and lay on her back next to her. Monique looked down at her neighbor and the saw the menacing dildo pointing in the air. 

"You have a beautiful ass Monique and I will pay more attention to it later," Sherry said in a sexy voice, "But first I will treat you to one of my famous massages and then I will let you massage my body."

Sherry had Monique get on her back in bed. Sherry retrieved some lotion from her bathroom. Sherry smiled when she saw Monique's nipples stiffen in anticipation of the erotic massage. Monique just lay there as Sherry rubbed the lotion over her body. Monique's nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tight as Sherry massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Monique was so turned on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her pussy and rub her clit. Monique lay there excited and she tried to act calm as Sherry's hands worked their magic. Sherry's hands had felt so good that Monique did not want her to ever stop. Monique's nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. 

"There that will take care of your cute titties, now let's take care of this," Sherry said as she poured lotion on Monique's pubes.

Once again Monique clenched her fists tight and this time her loins stirred as Sherry rubbed the lotion onto the sensitive skin surrounding Monique's vulva. Sherry just smiled as she knew that she had Monique just where she wanted her. "Okay now it is time for the other side," Sherry announced as she coaxed Monique to roll over on her belly.

As soon as Monique was on her stomach, Sherry repeated the action. This time she rubbed Monique's buttocks and covered them with lotion. Sherry spent a lot time on Monique's ass and Monique subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Sherry then let her fingers drift between Monique's thighs and work there way up to Monique's nether hole.

Sherry noticed Monique trembled a little and that goose bumps appeared on her body. Sherry took that as a sign of encouragement so she had Monique get up on all fours as Sherry knelt behind Monique and began to tongue her nether hole. Sherry got Monique's asshole wet with her tongue and then inserted a lotion moistened finger into the opening of her ass. Sherry pressed her finger in Monique's sphincter and let it slide in up to the knuckle causing Monique to flinch and groan. Sherry removed her finger and then she spat into Monique's ass allowing the saliva to moisten her anus further. Then Sherry dipped her tongue back into Monique's asshole and Monique almost came with the eroticism of the moment. Sherry alternated between eating Monique's ass and finger fucking it. Sherry's fingers now slid easily in and out of Monique's hot asshole. Monique couldn't believe that the sophisticated principal was making love to her ass. 

Sherry told Monique to stay in that position as she retrieved a jar of lube and a string of beads. Sherry applied the lubricant to Monique's asshole and Monique felt the soothing cool lube coat her rectum. Then Sherry began to insert the anal beads into Monique's ass one at a time. Monique unable to talk, allowed Sherry to have her way with her. One by one Sherry pushed the beads into Monique's ass until all six of them were buried in her rectum. 

"Are you okay?" Sherry asked.

Monique nodded that she was okay even though she not had toys in her bottom before. Monique only felt the fullness in her ass from the anal beads as they were clearly thicker than a finger. Sherry massaged Monique's beautiful ass cheeks and reached between Monique's legs to diddle her clit. Monique felt herself getting hot again and she felt the onslaught of an orgasm.

Sherry sensed it too and she rolled Monique over on her back. Sherry then got between Monique's legs and placed her mouth on Monique's pussy. Sherry lifted Monique's thighs on her shoulders giving her complete access to Monique's twat. Sherry ate Monique with a passion and she felt Monique start to tense as the orgasm built within her. Monique groaned as she tightened her thighs around Sherry's neck as the first wave rocked her body. As Monique began to cum, Sherry pulled gently on the anal beads so that they popped out of Monique's ass one at a time.

Monique felt it over and over again as she seemed to cum when each bead cleared her asshole. Her body went into spasm and jerked like never before. She was overcome with the lust of the moment as it seemed she would cum forever. Sherry kept her mouth glued to Monique's pussy throughout Monique's orgasms and sucked every drop of Monique's nectar into her mouth. Monique finally collapsed on the bed her body spent and incapable of any more movement. The sensation in Monique's ass felt as if the anal beads were still in her but she knew that Sherry had pulled them out of her nether hole. Monique opened her eyes and looked at the smiling Sherry lying next to her.

"I knew that you would like that. The first time another woman did that to me I went absolutely wild," Sherry whispered and then added.

"You have an incredible body, Monique and you are very sensual," Sherry whispered again in her sultry tone.

"You have to believe me," Monique whispered, "That was one of the best cums in my life, it was wonderful."

"Now I want you to put on the harness and dildo so that you fuck me in the ass," Sherry said in a sexy voice.

Monique could not believe the request but it excited her and she agreed to do it. Sherry helped Monique with the harness and then she got on all fours. Sherry felt the initial bolt as the dildo was pushed inside her ass past her anal ring. Breathing hard and trying to relax, Sherry had to bite her lip as Monique just forced it deeper and deeper. Monique was so turned on by the act that she threw all caution aside and began fucking the daylights out of her neighbor. Sherry slid her hand between her own legs and rubbed her clit as Monique continued to pound into her. Monique felt the presence of the butt plug in her ass each time she thrust forward and clenched her buttocks. It was as if Monique was being butt fucked as she fucked Sherry's ass. Sherry couldn't help but scream as her orgasm crashed through her from the aggressive fucking she had received. Sherry collapsed face down onto the bed breathing hard and she felt Monique's body pressing onto her back as she lay on top of Sherry. The dildo was still embedded deep in Sherry's ass and Monique was panting and planting kisses all over Sherry's neck.

The two of them separated and Sherry spoke, "That's enough for tonight, I'll clean up the toys."

As much as Sherry wanted to fuck Monique in the ass with the strap-on she knew that her husband wanted to take Monique's anal cherry. Sherry washed the sex toys and let them soak in the sink. She then got back in bed with Monique and the two of them cuddled and stroked each other's body. Monique was struggling with her inner feelings as she thought about the lesbian love making. She had always wondered if one day she would be unfaithful to her husband but she had never expected it to be with another woman. Sherry was an accomplished lover and Monique was sure that they would make love many more times. She had no idea what was in store for her with Sherry's husband Vince.

VINCE LANDS HIS PRIZE

Vince came home the following day and found Sherry and Monique having coffee at the kitchen table. Sherry kissed her husband and whispered to him that Monique would soon be ready. Vince got a cup of coffee and joined the two women at the table. Monique loved the coffee and she wanted to remember to ask Sherry what kind it was before she left for home. Vince suggested that they move into the family room and bring their coffee with them. Monique felt very warm and then she felt a tingling in her loins. Her condition did not go unnoticed by the couple so Vince moved over to the sofa to sit next to Monique.

Vince put his arm around Monique and she just melted and cuddled up to him. Vince kissed her neck and ears and Monique was gasping out loud. She knew she shouldn't let Vince touch her but for some reason she felt wonderful. Vince turned Monique's face toward him and he kissed her deeply driving his tongue deep into her mouth. As their tongues danced around Monique felt another set of hands travel up her legs and she knew it was Sherry. The hands caressed the bare skin of her thighs and Monique thought she would cum on the spot. Sherry then hooked her fingers in the waistband of Monique's panties and slowly pulled them down and off her legs. Sherry pried Monique's thighs apart and then kissed her inner thighs. Monique moaned and groaned into Vince's mouth. Monique then felt the first touch of Sherry's tongue on her labia and she shivered with desire.

As Sherry went about her expert cunt lapping Vince had began to rub Monique's tits through her blouse. Vince methodically unbuttoned Monique's blouse and unhooked her bra. He opened the blouse and pushed the bra up over her tits baring them to his eyes and touch. He gently rubbed her tits and tweaked her swollen nipples as Sherry continued her ministrations on Monique's pussy. Monique was excited beyond her expectations and she came in Sherry's mouth when Vince leaned over and sucked on her tits and nipples. Monique's hips bucked of their own volition as she creamed Sherry's face and screamed in ecstasy.

Sherry and Vince then stood up and undressed and then took off the rest of Monique clothes. They steered Monique into their bedroom and they had her lay on their bed. Vince climbed between her legs and he inserted his impressive cock into her pussy. Monique was thrilled to have a real cock in her vagina and she wrapped her legs around Vince's torso and humped up at him. Sherry moved over Monique and lowered her pussy onto her neighbor's face. After what she went through the day before, Monique did not hesitate and she began to lick and suck on Sherry's pussy with enthusiasm. Sherry was very hot from just eating Monique's pussy so she knew that she would not last long particularly with Monique aggressiveness. 

Vince felt his own cum building in his balls and he picked up the pace and pounded Monique's pussy. Sherry gasp out loud as the first wave of her orgasm hit her and then she rubbed her pussy all over Monique's face. Vince's body stiffened as he unloaded in Monique's pussy flooding it with his male seed. Monique felt the warm semen fill her cunt and she lost it for a second time. Monique came hard and her body thrashed all about as Vince continued to spurt into her and Sherry doused her face with female juices.

"Damn that was good!" cried Sherry as the final wave of her climax hit her.

Monique knew from Sherry's voice that she had done well. Sherry climbed off of Monique's face and left the bed briefly. Vince pulled his dripping cock from Monique's pussy and knelt back on his heels. Monique acted as if she still needed more and her hands went right to her pussy and she frantically rubbed her clit and fingered herself. Monique guessed it had to be the coffee that Sherry had to have put something in it for her to behave the way she was. Sherry returned to the bed with a double dildo in her hand and she pushed one end into Monique's pussy. Then Sherry put the other end in her own pussy and she began to fuck Monique. 

Monique fucked back as Sherry fondled Monique's tits. Vince moved along side Monique's face and offered her his semi-hard cock which she immediately took in her mouth. Monique sucked fast and furious on Vince's cock as she humped her hips frantically at Sherry. Vince was now hard again and he pulled his cock from Monique's mouth. Monique looked like a little bird with her lips pursed as the cock was removed and she was trying to get it back in her mouth. Vince smiled because he had other plans for Monique maybe next time he would cum in her mouth. Vince told Sherry to roll over and she held tightly to Monique as she rolled them both over keeping the dildo in their pussies. Sherry held to Monique buttocks as the two women fucked each other and then Vince nestled his cock into the crack of Monique's ass. Vince had lubed up his cock as the woman were turning over and now he pressed it against Monique's nether hole. 

Monique felt the hard cock looking for its entrance into her asshole and being out of control, she pushed her hips back in acceptance. Vince eased his cock into her ass. 

"No not there," Monique said in a panic once she realized what Vince had in mind.

"Oh yes there, your ass has been without a cock in it for far too long. An ass that looks like yours is made for ass fucking," Vince said firmly.

His cock felt so big. Sherry was beneath Monique fucking her pussy as Vince's cock sank slowly into Monique's ass. At first Monique winched in pain and then she just felt bloated. The pain turned to a numb feeling and she felt bloated again but then it felt heavenly to Monique as Vince started fucking her harder. Monique pushed back while Sherry's dildo danced across Monique's pussy and wet clitoris. Vince thrust into Monique again, pushing her forward. Monique screamed again as she came and came. 

Vince had been further excited by the eroticism of Monique cumming again on Sherry's dildo while he buried his cock inside Monique's asshole. Monique's orgasm caused her to scream out again as she was fucked endlessly in the ass. With this last orgasm exploding through her, Monique's ass tightened around the hard rigid cock buried inside, finally bringing Vince to orgasm. Monique could feel his cock shoot pulse after pulse of hot cum into her rectum. He cried out when his balls emptied, leaving her filled with his sperm.

Vince stayed hard in her ass and he began to fuck her ass slowly again and he could feel the fake cock on the other side of her thin membrane. Monique was creaming all over the dildo and it seemed as if her orgasms were just continuous ones that would never stop. Sherry was close to cumming again as the rubber shaft rubbed constantly against her engorged clit. Monique was now lying on Sherry and their tits and sensitive nipples rubbed together as they fucked one another. Vince felt his balls tighten once again and he unleashed a torrent of cum into Monique's ass. Monique continued her string of orgasms and her body reacted violently to her recent climax. Her whole body shook with the tremors of her volcanic climax as she thrashed between the bodies of her new found lovers. Sherry exploded in response to Monique's gyrations and she creamed the one end of the dildo.

Vince and Sherry were drained and they tried to lie motionless but Monique was in perpetual motion and they had to disengage from her. Vince pulled his cock from her ass and then he rolled Monique off of Sherry. Monique lay on her back with one end of the dildo still buried in her steamy pussy. Sherry and Vince got off the bed and watched as Monique grabbed the other end of the dildo and fucked her herself.

"How much did you give her?" Vince asked.

"I guess it was too much," Sherry answered and then added with a chuckle, "She would any help from now on." 

"Come leave her with the dildo and let's relax for a few minutes," Vince replied.

Vince and Sherry left the bedroom and moved into the family room leaving Monique to pleasure her self with the dildo. They congratulated each other on their new conquest. As they sipped their coffee they could hear Monique in the other room moaning and groaning as she fucked herself with the dildo. After about 30 minutes they returned to the bedroom and found Monique with the dildo in her pussy. Once again Sherry joined Monique in the bed and turned her to the side and slid the other end of the dildo into her own pussy. Vince lay on his side behind Monique and once again he slid his cock into her shapely ass. It took quite a while before Sherry and Vince came again but when they did Monique went wild with them. This time they stayed in the bed with Monique as the aphrodisiac gradually wore off. Monique had come back to her senses and she realized that she had spent the day having incredible sex.

"What would she ever tell Jerry?" she thought to herself as she lay in her neighbor's bed totally sated.

MONIQUE LEARNS MORE ABOUT THE OTHER WIVES

The next time Jerry was away on business, Sherry called and invited Monique to her home. She told Monique that a few of the neighborhood wives were getting together to plan a party. Monique was pleased that Sherry invited her as she still had not met all the neighbors. Monique accepted and told Sherry that she would be happy to participate. On that day, Monique found herself with Sherry, Lois and Kari discussing what food they should have at an upcoming party. Monique felt that the meeting was a waste of time but she was still glad to have met the other women. She would soon learn the real purpose of the get together.

"That's enough party planning today girls, it is time for the Jacuzzi," Sherry announced. 

"I don't have a bathing suit with me," Monique said. 

"Not to worry, we never wear them," Sherry laughed and added, "It's totally private out back." 

Monique just watched as the women began to remove their clothes. The three of them approached Monique and proceeded to undress her, telling her not to be so shy. Lois & Kari led Monique out back to the Jacuzzi while Sherry followed. Monique was comfortable with her nudity around Sherry but to be naked with the other two women was a bit unnerving.

Lois and Kari sat on either side of Monique but close enough so that their bodies were lightly touching Monique's. Sherry joined them and sat across from Monique staring at her with her deep dark eyes. The conversation was small talk, which eventually turned to sex. Monique realized that both Lois and Kari had moved much closer to her and their bodies rubbed up against her. They also had begun to move their hands over her thighs and breasts under the water. Monique was nervous but also a little turned on and thought that the touching was innocent enough. She wondered if Lois and Kari knew about her and Sherry.
