 The BBQ

Patti walked out onto the back deck carrying a plate with steaks and hamburger patties for the grill. "Hon...I've got the meat." she called out to Ted as he made sure the grill was hot enough. 

"You got it this morning too." Ted says with a laugh, remembering their love making session early this morning. 

"Oh yes I did and I loved it." Patti replied with a wicked giggle. "and it was so good too baby."

"It must have been good we heard you all the way over to our house..." Kate said with a laugh. Kate and her husband Jack had been friends with Ted and Patti for a little over a year and a couple of months ago bought the house right next door. They were the best of friends in more ways than one.

"Oh yes,yes,fuck me baby,give it to me." Jack said teasing Patti. She tends to get very loud at times.

"Keep that up and I'll be begging you later." Patti said with a wink at Jack. 

"He gave it to me good too." Patti said noticing their new neighbors Stacy and Phil seemed a little uncomfortable at the conversation. "Woops did we say something to upset you guys?"

She didn't want to insult Stacy and Phil, she sometimes forgot not everyone was as open about sex and love making as the four of them were. Ted,Patti and Jack and Kate were very open with each other, swapping and having bi foursomes. They didn't tell everyone else about their extra curricular activties. Jack and Kate had met Stacy and Phil at an Antique Car Show and thought they would fit right into their little group. Jack and Kate had introduced Phil and Stacy to Ted and Patti and they had hit it off also. They all had been friends for a couple of months when they decided to have BBQ and see if Phil and Stacy wanted to join their little swapping group. "Oh gee,I thought everybody swapped?" Patti said with a laugh.

"You're just joking right?" Phil asked wondering if they really did swap. That sounded so hot, swapping and having fun. Phil had always wondered what it would be like. His wife Stacy would never go for something like that. It had been awhile since they had made love. He was just so busy at work and he just wasn't in the mood.

"Oh no...we're dead serious." Ted said taking the plate from Patti and putting the steaks on the grill. "We've even video taped the ladies together playing with toys and eating each other." 

"That was one hot night." Jack said. "Ted and I had ran to the store to get some drinks and when we came back Kate and Patti were laying on the living room floor, in a 69 position eating each other." Jack explained remembering that sight.

"Yeah it was so hot." Kate said walking over grabbing a wine cooler from the ice chest.

"You really did that?" Phil asked wondering what that would be like to walk in on his wife Stacy and another woman. He had always had fantasies of threesomes and foursomes but never had brought it up to Stacy. He didn't think she would go for it.

"Look if Patti had her way she'd walk around in nothing but a skimpy robe all day" Ted commented as he finished putting the meat on the grill. "You never know when you might be able to have some fun." 

"What can I say,I like to play with men and women, sucking and fucking. You only live once might as well have some fun." Patti said as she walked over to Kate and kissed her right in front of everyone. Stacy stared in shock she had never seen one woman kiss another woman and right in front of her. Patti and Kate kissed open mouthed, tongues entwining, kissing passionately.

"Oh my." Stacy said trying to look away but being drawn to the sight of the women kissing. "Is it just the ladies who swap or everyone?" Stacy asked intrigued by the thought of this. She secretely watched porn and played with herself when Phil was at work. They had been married almost 20 years and their sex life had all but stopped. Phil was always tired or just not in the mood. She wondered what it would be like to watch other couples having hot, wild sex. Would it turn Phil on enough to make him want her again???

"Can we trust you?" Ted asked wondering if they should tell all. They had to be careful of who they told their secret too.

"Of course you can." Phil said liking his new neighbors more and more.

"Okay we can't let this get any farther than right here, some of the neighbors wouldn't understand." Ted said "We all swap, women and men, women and women, men and men, there is just blowjobs between the men nothing more." he explained. Ted loved the fact that they lived in a rural neighborhood, in fact there were only five houses on this street and they all were at least 1 acre apart if not more. You could yell to your neighbor but not be so close they could know your every movement. Ted and Jack both had privacy fences installed in their back yards for even more privacy.

"Damn! This sounds really hot." Phil said wondering what it would be like to watch Stacy with another woman. 

"We've had some really great times together, we even go on vacations together." Jack said hoping Phil and Stacy would join them.

"Kate you want to help me in the kitchen." Patti asked grabbing Kate by the hand.

"Sure." Kate and Patti went into the kitchen.

Stacy watched as they went into the house, really wanting to be included. She was beginning to really like their new friends.

"So what do you think?" Patti asked as she took salad out of the fridge. " To tell you the truth I would love to eat Stacy's pussy while Phil fucks me from behind." Patti confessed to Kate. "I don't know about you but I am super horny."

"I was thinking the same thing, just think of the fun the three of us can have during the day while our hubbies are at work." Kate said as she put all of the extras onto a tray. She could picture the three of them having a great time, her and Patti initiating Stacy to licking pussy and playing. It made her hot just thinking of all of the possibilities.

"Hey! What are you two doing in there?" Ted calls from outside. "Bet they're playing." he said to Jack.

"Could be, you know when those two get together, never know what will happen." Jack says with a chuckle.

"Here we come."Kate says as they walk out the door carrying two big trays laiden down with Potato salad, baked beans, condiments, regular Salad. 

"Let me."Jack says getting up and taking the tray from Kate.

"Awww that is so sweet." Patti says as Ted takes the tray from her and sets it down on the picnic table. 

"I can be sweet too." Jack says kissing Kate.

Stacy would love for Phil to show her affection like that. They had been married so long she felt like his room mate and not his wife. They got along for the most part but the affection seemed to be gone. Oh they still loved each other in their own way. She would love to have a loving relationship like Patti and Ted had. She had noticed all afternoon how they would show each other affection in small ways. Just a look or a touch you could tell they really loved each other. She noticed they would touch as they passed each other. A hand on his shoulder or he would grab her ass and squeeze. Stacy missed those days from her early marriage. The not being able to keep their hands off of each other. 

Kate walked up behind Patti and SMACK!

"Kate! You slapped my ass!!" Patti exclaimed with a laugh. "Don't stop I like it." she said as Kate reached under Patti's little summer dress and rubbed her naked pussy.

Phil stared in shock at Kate when she put her hand under Patti's dress, this display didn't seem to bother anyone. They all seemed to be very comfortable with each other.

"Bad girl, you're not wearing panties." Kate says with a laugh, as she slips two fingers in Patti's already wet pussy. Patti gasps as Kate gently fingers her, in and out.

"Oh yeah." Patti says as Kate pulls her wet fingers away and then licks Patti's juices off of her fingers for everyone to see. 

Stacy and Phil just watch not believing what they are seeing, and they all seem to be so comfortable playing like this in front of everyone.

"When does she ever wear panties???" Ted asks with a chuckle.

"True,so true." Jack says, wondering where this is leading too. He hopes they can all have some fun later.

"Well, you know panties just get in the way." Patti says with a innocent smile, as she pulls Kate's haulter top to the side and bends down and takes a tit into her mouth, flicking her tongue across Kate's nipple. "Ummm yeah, bite it." Kate begs Patti.

Stacy and Phil just stare at the boldness of Kate and Patti and right in front of everyone. "DAMN!" Phil exclaims as Kate kisses Patti.

"This is just the beginning." Ted says as he turns the steaks and burgers over. "Ladies...you can play later."

"Bet I taste better than a steak?" Patti says as she pulls away from Kate.

"Oh yes you do." Kate says kissing Patti again.

Phil and Stacy just stared in shock, they both would love to be so free with their emotions. Patti and Kate weren't shy about touching each other in front of others, in fact they seemed to get off on it.

Phil and Stacy watched Ted and Patti, noticing how they truly seemed to connect, laugh and tease each other. They acted like newley weds, not able to keep their hands off of each other.

Everyone sat down to dinner 30 minutes later and seemed to enjoy themselves Phil couldn't stop thinking of all the possibilities, the fun they all could have. 

An hour later dinner is done and everyone is just sitting around relaxing listening to some music laughing and talking. "You guys are really serious about swapping?" Phil asked not being able to get that sight of Kate fingering Patti out of his mind and when she licked her juices he felt his cock start to harden.

"Oh yes, very serious." Ted said wanting to have some fun with the new neighbors.

"Care to see our play room?" he asked standing up and grabbing Patti by her hand.

"You have a play room?" Stacy asked wondering what was in there.

"Oh yes, come on we'll show you around." Patti said as Ted lead the way to the fully finished basement.

Phil couldn't believe what he saw a huge flat screen tv on one wall and two queensized beds facing the screen. There was a fridge,microwave, sink on one wall,through another door he could see a full bath with glassed in shower big enough for several people. Also a Jacuzzi tub in the corner. "Oh man this is great..." Phil said looking at Stacy as he just imagined the fun they all had down here. He noticed several video cameras set up around the room, all aimed at the two beds.

"Bet this cost you a bundle huh?" Phil said thinking more and more of maybe joining this little group. 

"Well we all went in on it together, thought our house was the better place for it..."Ted said as he noticed Phil getting a hard on, looked like Phil had a pretty good sized dick in his jeans. Ted wouldn't mind sucking that cock while Patti sat on Phil's face. "Jack is a lawyer so it would be better to have our play room over here."

"Yeah, can't let people know I'm bi and like to play, it doesn't look good for a lawyer." Jack said as he started to unbutton his shirt.

"We're thinking of sound proofing later on." Jack says with a laugh. "It can get pretty loud in here sometimes.

Stacy had to admit she was getting turned on, very turned on. She needed to have sex, hell she needed to get fucked and fucked hard. She had always tried to be the proper lady, being quiet during sex, no vulgar language. 

"I need some dessert baby." Patti told Ted as she grabbed the bottom of her dress and pulled it off over her head. She was naked under her dress, the nipples of her 38C tits were hard, she pinched them, loving the way it felt.

"Mmmmm,nice hard nipples just the way I love them." Ted said bending down and taking one into his mouth and sucking on it. 

"Oh yeah,I like that." Patti said as Ted gently bites her nipple, making her gasp. She grabs Ted by the back of his head as he continues to suck her nipple, running her fingers through his hair. He loves that feeling. "Mmmmm, I love your tits baby." he tells her.

Phil couldn't take much more he had to have some pussy and soon. "Mind if we join you guys?" Phil asked as he watched Kate unzip Jack's jeans and pull them and his undies down. Jack stood as Kate stripped her clothes off and she went to her knees in front of him. She reached for his hardening cock and stroked him slowly, making sure Phil and Stacy could see everything. "Hmmmm." Kate moaned as she licked Jack from the underside of his balls all the way to the head of his cock. 

"Yessss." Jack said as she licked his dick. He pulled his shirt off and threw it on the bed. 

Stacy and Phil sat on the other bed and watched the show, not really brave enough to join in yet. Stacy unbuttoned her shirt almost all of the way, she was getting turned on. She didn't know if she could have sex with another woman or even another man but maybe just maybe this would be enough to get Phil horny enough to want to fuck her.

He didn't even know she played with herself when she was home alone. Phil could really go for a good BJ. It had been a long time since Stacy had given him one, maybe tonight was their lucky night.

Ted reached down and slid two fingers deep into Patti's wet,hot pussy. Oh God she is so tight, he thinks as she spreads her legs so he can go even deeper. Ted moves from one tit to the other as he fingers her. He pulls away from her tits and he kisses her passionatly, putting his tongue in her mouth. She sucks his tongue just the same way she sucks his cock. Damn! She's really horny tonight he thinks to himself as he fingers her faster and harder. She is wimpering and moaning, grinding her pussy on his hand.

Phil and Stacy just watch the two couples, wondering what they're going to do next.

Kate is giving Jack one hell of a BJ, stroking his cock as she bobs her head up and down on his big hard cock. Phil throws all caution to the wind and unzips and pulls his big hard cock out and starts to stroke himself. Stacy glances over and see's Phil touching himself. She takes her shirt and bra off and then reaches for his cock. Phil gasps in surprise as Stacy strokes his hard dick. "Oh yeah..." he whispers as she strokes him.

Ted pulls his hand from Patti's sopping pussy and leads her to the bed Phil and Stacy are sitting on. He lays her down so they both have a good view. Patti lays back on the bed getting comfortable. She reaches for her pussy and gets her fingers wet with her pussy juices, she puts her fingers in her mouth and sucks the wetness off noisily. 

"Mmmmm love the taste of pussy." she moans as Ted kneels between her spread legs, he lifts her legs over his shoulders so he can get as close as possible. He bends down and starts to slowly kiss and lick the insides of her thighs. 

"Suck it baby...suck that cock." Jack moans from the other bed as Kate is giving him a sloppy wet bj. Taking his cock as deep as she can, feeling him fucking her mouth. 

Phil can't believe what he is seeing, he was getting so turned on and he was loving the way Stacy was stroking his cock. Stacy was just mesmerized by Ted eating Patti's pussy. She noticed Patti's pussy was shaved bare, it was so slick looking and wet. Stacy had the impulse to lick that wet slit. She had never even thought of being with a woman, but it was doing something to her. Ted lovingly licked the insides of her pussy, sucking on the lips, teasing her clit. Patti was moaning and her body was jerking especially when Ted hit her clit. She kept wimpering and crying out, grabbed the back of his head as he continued to lick her. "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God..." she chanted over and over again. 

"Like that baby,like when Daddy licks your pussy?" Ted asked moving away from her wet slit.

"Oh yes Daddy,eat your little girls pussy I need to cum so bad." Patti replied playing along. It made her so hot when they would roleplay, Daddy and daughter or brother and sister. 

"Daddy will make you cum so good." he tells her as he pushes two fingers inside of her pussy, fingering her slowly, teasing her.

"Awww,fuck Katie, suck my cock." Jack moaned loudly as he rammed his big hard cock down her throat, forcing her to deep throat it. Kate was gasping for air, he was holding her down on his cock and she couldn't move very well. She was loving it, she loved when he got a bit rough with her. She reached down with one hand and rubbed her pussy. 

"This is so hot." Phil whispers to Stacy as she strokes his hard cock, he wanted to watch Jack and Patti cum. He wanted to watch Kate take Jacks cum. This sure was better than any porno movie. 

The more Ted fingered Patti's wet pussy the louder she got, Jack was right she did get pretty loud. "Mmmm,oh yeah,so good Daddy make me cum." Patti begged Ted as he fingered her roughly, fast and hard wanting to make her cum, wanting to taste her pussy juice. 

"Daddy always makes his little girl cum." he said as he leaned over and took her right nipple back into his mouth. Patti spread her legs as far apart as she could, loving the way he was fucking her.

Phil and Stacy just watched as Ted pounded her pussy with his fingers, getting her closer and closer to her climax. Patti reached down and grabbed Ted's hand trying to make him finger her even deeper, she couldn't get enough. "Harder Daddy,fuck me harder I want to cum so bad please." she begged him.

Phil didn't know who to watch Jack and Patti both seemed to be close to cumming. 

Jack was holding Kate down on his cock, ramming his cock as deep into her mouth as he could. He was right on the edge, just a little bit more and he would cum. Kate was moaning around the cock in her mouth, wanting to taste his cum. Swallowing all the precum he was giving her. "Hmmmm,yeah just like that,don't stop." Jack said as she sucked him for all she was worth. Suddenly he pulled his cock from her mouth and with a loud grunt he spurted cum two,three,four times all over Kate's face. Kate reached up and wiped the cum off with her fingers. She licked every drop from her fingers, sucking loudly.

Phil and Stacy couldn't believe they had just watched Kate suck Jack off and take his cum all over her face and then licking his cum,swallowing it. 

Kate crawled up on the bed next to Jack, they laid there for a few trying to calm down. "Kate that was great,I really needed that." Jack told her as she sat next to him.

"Yeah baby,cum for Daddy." Ted told Patti feeling her hot pussy getting even tighter on his fingers as he fucked her hard and fast. She was gasping,moaning,crying out she needed to cum so bad. 

"I'm just Daddy's little slut, I'll fuck anyone Daddy tells me to." she moaned loudly she was grunting and holding onto his hand as he fucked her hard. "Harder,harder,harder." she begged him the harder he finger fucked her the wetter she got, he knew she was going to cum soon. 

"Thats it baby girl,so good when Daddy makes you cum." he tells her as she suddenly starts to cum, he pushes his fingers as deep into her as he can, feeling her pussy muscles contract as she cums. "Don't stop,don't stop,please,fuck!!" she moans loudly as her body shakes with her orgsam. She is grabbing the sheets on the bed, withering as she cums hard. 

Stacy just watched in amazement, realizing people can cum just like they do in the movies. She just thought people were faking it. She watched as Patti continued to shake from her climax. Jack and Kate were recovering also.

Ted quickly gets undressed, his dick is so hard he can't stand it. "So would you two like to join in the fun?" he asks Stacy and Phil, as he watches Stacy stroking him. Phil has a nice size cock. 

"Yes!" Stacy blurts out, she has to get some relief, she is so horny. She gets undressed and sits back down on the bed. 

"Mmmm,look what I see a nice pussy, bet it's really wet too." Patti says as she crawls over to Stacy. Patti bends down and suddenly kisses Stacy. Stacy is shocked at first. Grabbing Patti she returns the kiss, realizing kissing a woman is no different than kissing a man. "I think Stacy and Phil are gonna fit right in." Patti says with a smile.
