 If you have read my previous story you will know a bit about me and my sexual history. I'm now a 19 nearly twenty year old bi-sexual female. I lean more towards women but a good man is something I savour. I recently travelled to Europe and after a bout of food poisoning in Belfast made my way to Edinburgh to take in the sights and recover. I'm not very big but had lost weight on my travels and had moved from thin to positively skinny. I'd stopped wearing a bra altogether and my knickers were a little baggy at the rear. I have always had a gap between my legs but it was a bit more pronounced as I dressed for my first morning out in Edinburgh. Some new clothes and underwear were on the list along with a visit to a bar if I could get in. I looked even more youthful with my weight loss. I went shopping for books first. 

Inside the bookshop as I browsed the shelves I noticed a cute girl. She had nice legs under a pleated mini skirt. It was September but not too chilly for short skirts yet. Her legs were slightly muscly but toned. She was blonde with short hair. She caught me staring and I blushed, she smiled and winked at me. I made my purchases and left. Whether she followed me or not we met at the door. More awkwardness, a brief exchange and I let her go ahead of me. Her backside had a nice sway to it. She caught me staring again. 

"Are you?"

I knew what she meant. 

"Yes."

Was my monosyllabic response. 

"Fancy a drink?"

"Love to but I do have some shopping I need to do."

That's fine I've got all day, and night ." She added with a grin.

We made our way to a bar and I'm sure just squeaked in given our youthful looks. She asked me directly if I was really queer. I told the truth that I went either way but mostly for women. She admitted the same saying she had a man in her life but was into both sexes,. She hadn't actually been cruising but saw me staring and wondered if she might get lucky. 

Loosened up from a few drinks we hit the shops. Individually I think we'd made the decision to have sex but I had new underwear to buy and so taking my hand as we left the bar Mary, as I'd learned her name was, escorted me to a big department store and into the lingerie department.

We sorted through the shelves and I made a few choices. Mostly plain cotton in various colours. I had jeans on and in a quiet corner Mary lifted her skirt to show little plain nylon panties held together with a string. She asked to see what I was wearing so we made for a changing room. Once inside I dropped my jeans to reveal my somewhat baggy and tatty knickers. I'd done a lot of cycling and it takes its toll. Mary handed out my first selection and I went to put them on over my old ones. She coughed and made a little signal to drop my panties. 

"Go on I'll show you mine if you show me yours." she giggled. 

Hiking her skirt she pulled the piece of nonsense she called underwear away to reveal a little crop of dark blondish coloured pubic hair. Her slit visible through it and a hint of her inner lips as well. With my jeans on the floor I pulled my panties down to show my straight black pubes and that I had recently had a trim. I had no hair on my lips at the time. We looked at each other and giggled like the schoolgirls we had so recently been.

"Fancy a snog?"

My answer was to pucker up. So there we stood kissing in a changing room with our knickers round our ankles. A query from the shop assistant broke our kiss. She could surely see our panties and must have drawn the obvious conclusion. I bought three pairs once we'd dressed and we went outside to stares of disapproval from the old biddy. 

We bought a bite to eat and went down to the Walter Scot monument sat in the autumn sun ate smiled at each other a lot and had a public kiss. We got a few jeers and wolf whistles so I suggested Mary come back to where I was staying but she had other ideas. 

She had said she had a boyfriend but had not been more specific. She suggested we use his place as it was handy and she had a key.

Off we went. I was concerned but she said he'd be out . We ended up outside what seemed like a mansion in a street of imposing granite houses. Mary skipped up the steps and opened the front door. She entered a code on a keypad in the vestibule and told me to leave my stuff on a side table. 

"This is Stewart's place." She announced doing a twirl that reminded me she hadn't put her knickers back on. No wonder we got wolf whistled in Princess St. Fuck this place was a palace compared to my flat in New Zealand and the youth hostels of my travels. 

"Let's get drunk and have a shag." She giggled.

A bottle of wine appeared. We poured a couple of glasses and made for an upstairs room. It turned out to be a bathroom all very modern for a big old house. 

"Let's have a soak and get soaked," she said with a smile.

She drew a big bath and we undressed. I saw her whole body for the first time and I moistened. 

'We'll need more wine."

She dashed off naked to get some more. Two more bottles. I was in the bath by the time she got back in and sat opposite me.

"So Amanda from New Zealand tell me all about yourself."

I did reciting the events in my story about Ali for those who haven't read it. 

One and a half bottles in we were pissed. In fact Mary got up to take one and I followed soon after. She put more hot water back into the bath and we got back in. This time however I lay back in her arms and twisting our heads a bit we had a long drunken kiss. Her left hand was at my breast and her right between my legs opening my little slit. I felt the warm water enter me and her finger caress me. Soon it was inside me and I was humping her hand causing little waves.

It was a wonderful afternoon of booze and orgasms in the arms of a sweet girl. We were really drunk and made our damp path to a big bed in a big bedroom. I was too drunk to ask whose bed I was passing out on.

I awoke to feel a tongue in my slit lapping in a rhythm rather than the constant licking of normal oral sex. Opening one eye I gave a start. Mary was on her knees and licking me -so far so good. What startled me was the man standing naked slowly fucking my new friend from behind. I was stark naked with my legs wide open and the only thing protecting my most intimate area was Mary's face. 

I've always enjoyed exposure during sex. It's the reason why on rare occasions when I'm with a man I enjoy being on my back with my legs wide open as I'm fucked. Nevertheless I'd instinctively put my arms across my chest but not closed my legs. As I started to regain full consciousness a finger entered me and as the pressure began to focus on my clit. The finger began gentle concentrated swirl on the inside of me. About an inch or two inside and against the back of my clit. Soon another finger stifled my unformed question. Mary had managed to clamp on my clit and as the man filling her from behind slowed his tempo to long even thrusts she began to suck directly on my clit. I began to melt and from somewhere within me I felt a spasm build. 

As Mary pressed her other hand to my mons and pulled the skin up completely forcing my clit out of its hood and into her mouth I came with a crash and scream of "OHHHHH SHITTTT". 

Hardly ladylike but then my legs were around the face of some stranger's girlfriend. That stranger now withdrew his cock from Mary and as she withdrew all but her fingers from me I lay legs spread as a man I'd never even spoken to put his cock to my mouth. Mary began to finger me to a new orgasm as I swallowed the stranger. He cradled my head and as I sucked him, slowly pushed in and out of my mouth. I tasted her and I tasted the salt of his precum. A thrust with Mary's fingers made me come again. The stranger reached to rub my little come bump just as it hit me. 

An ordinary orgasm extended into a rolling spasm that left me dazed as it finally ended. I felt the cock twitch and begin to spill into my mouth. I don't swallow. Spent he withdrew and I made to spit only to have Mary stop me with her lips and roll me on top of her. Her lips pressed to mine and her tongue searched my mouth for her boyfriend's spend. I was relieved to give it up and further excited to have her vacuum it from my mouth. Letting go of me she smiled and told me that she loved her daily dose of sperm. She leant into his open crotch and began to clean him of all remnants of the last twenty minutes sexual encounter. How long before I woke they had been beside me enjoying each other I did not know. I was formally introduced to Stewart as his cock slowly began to rise as Mary dropped him form her lips to stroke him. 

I blushed -God knows why I'd taken so long. I was fascinated by him. He was older than us and unlike guys in New Zealand hadn't seen the sun for a long time. His skin was a uniform white and most fascinating for a girl of limited experience he was uncircumcised. His shaft had very pale almost translucent skin. Down the middle on the top was a thick blue vein finishing in a knot just below the head. On the foreskin a small birthmark about 4mm in diameter. The foreskin made a small mouth like a pair of lips saying "oh". When that was rolled back it made a salmon-pink collar around the head. I leant to suck him again. I'd never been with a man with a foreskin. Mary snuggled up and asked if I'd like to share Stewart completely?

How could I refuse. I felt the emptiness as Mary's fingers left my swollen slit. I must have looked so open as Stewart knelt between my legs and fed his cock into me. I'd only had one cock inside me at that stage and so it was a novel sensation as inch by inch he fed himself into my wet little hole.

Let me know if you'd like to hear more. XXX Manda