 So, you have just left my hotel after the most wonderful night I have ever had. Lounging on my bed I try to relax my muscles that are terribly sore after the marathon session we just had. Grinning I picture our goodbye again. No sweet slow goodbye, but a quick furious coupling against the door of my hotel room. With a sigh I pull out my laptop to check the forums.

To my surprise I have a message from Marie waiting for me on the forum. Curious I click it open and begin to read.

"Hello Violet,

I know we haven't spoken much, but Jason has talked about you enough that I am starting to feel like I know you. I would love to get a chance to meet you. Knowing you are in Georgia I was wondering if you would care to come down here for a night and get to meet Jason and myself. Actually, I was wondering if you would like to come down and spend the night with Jason and me. I know it would completely surprise him, and from what I know about you, I think we could have fun. Please give me a call if you are interested.

Marie" 

Sitting there in shock for a minute or two I contemplate the idea of spending a night with you and Marie. Grinning I go check my body in the mirror to make sure there aren't too many obvious marks from our passionate love making. Seeing only a few marks that have already started to bruise I figure I can pass those off as old if asked. 

Already getting excited thinking about the upcoming night I pick up my cell phone and dial the number Marie gave me. 

Talking with her for a few minutes we arrange the time I should be at your house. Debating if I should let you know I decide not to spoil Marie's fun and hope you don't say anything to get your ass kicked. 

Heading towards the shower I make sure that everything is in order. Of course, standing there with the water running down my body I begin to remember having you in that same shower. Pressed against the wall moaning lightly with your cock down my throat. Hoping that I can have more of your cock in my mouth I carefully pick out what I am going to wear. 

Pulling out an orange silk thong I slowly pull it up over my freshly shaven legs settling it just right against my bare pussy. Rummaging through my clothes I pull out a simple green dress. Knee length, but extremely low cut I slip it over my head enjoying the friction of the material against my naked nipples. 

Returning to the bathroom I take time in brushing out my hair. I even take the time to blow-dry it making sure it is completely smooth and nice and soft before pulling it back into a loose braid for the trip.

Making one last stop at my laptop I print out directions to your house, pack, and head down to check out early. On my way to the car I give you a call just to hear your voice. Making idle chitchat I pull the car out of the parking lot and start heading south. 

Grinning to myself I tell you that I am taking a bit of a road trip, I can't talk long, and that I'll talk to you later. Telling you 'I love you' I hang up the phone and give Marie a call. I let her know that I am on the road and will be there in a couple of hours. She asks me to call her when I am ten minutes from the house so that she can get you out of the house for a while.

Ten minutes from your house I pull over and call Marie. Hearing the excitement in her voice I hear her ask you to go to the store and pick up something for dinner, and some drinks. Laughing to myself I can hear you grumbling about leaving the house. You are apparently in a foul mood. Finally she gets you to leave and tells me it's safe to come over. 

Right as I hang up with her, my phone starts to ring. Grinning I see your number. Flipping the phone open I answer. You start complaining about having to be the food bitch. Laughing softly I tell you that I can't talk, and to have a goodnight before I hang up. Well, now you are in a really foul mood. Can't talk to me; have to go out in the heat to get food. A wife who has been acting strange, you actually wonder if she knew where you were the night before.

With a sigh you look at the list Marie gave you and wonder at some of the items. Shrugging you light a smoke and continue on to the store. 

Pulling into your driveway my stomach clenches with nerves and excitement. Walking slowly up to the door I knock lightly. Marie opens the door wearing shorts and a t shirt, with a big grin and reaches out for a hug. Wrapping my arms around her feeling her body pressed to mine I start to get more excited. Leaning down I press a light kiss to her cheek before letting her go.

Walking into the living room, we settle on the sofa with a couple of drinks and begin to talk about the upcoming night. Getting more comfortable with each other we are sitting closer and I have my hand on her bare knee. Hearing your car pull into the driveway I ask Marie if she wants to give you an even bigger shock. Saying yes, she leans closer and presses her lips to mine. Sighing softly I begin to kiss her back, nibbling lightly on her lower lip. Hearing the door open I can't help but grin as I move closer to your gorgeous wife. 

Standing in the doorway you see the two of us kissing gently. With a bit of a shock, you clear your throat. Breaking apart, we both turn and grin at you. Standing up I walk over to you and say hi before reaching out to hug you. Wrapping your arms around me you look over my shoulder at your wife who just grins and nods. 

With a soft groan you slide your hands down to my ass gripping tightly as you pull me in for a long deep kiss. Totally engrossed in kissing me, you barely register your wife coming up next to us and reaching between our bodies to cup my breasts with her hands. With a grin, you take our hands and lead us towards the bedroom. 

Stopping in the doorway Marie and I have you sit on the edge of the bed while we slowly begin to undress each other. Slowly sliding my hands up her shirt I lean in to begin to ever so carefully nip at her neck before pulling her shirt up and over her head. With a small sigh, she guides my mouth to her breast as she slowly pulls my dress up over my ass exposing my thong clad rear to you. 

Not able to help yourself you come up behind me dropping to your knees you force my legs open just a bit so you can lightly lick me through my panties. Sliding my hands down into Marie's shorts I carefully part her lips sliding my finger deep into her. The sudden intrusion makes her gasp out loud before she starts to squirm. 

With a grin you stand up pulling my dress up over my head and then roughly pull my panties down over my legs. Undoing Marie's shorts I pull them down over her ass taking my time to fondle said ass. Locking my lips to hers again, she and I work our way to the bed. Sitting her right on the edge of your bed I kneel between her legs. 

With a grin I ask her if I can play with her pussy while you take me from behind. Moaning she leans back on the bed and spreads her knees giving me full access to her dripping little pussy. Taking that as an okay, you kneel beneath me lowering my pussy over your rock hard shaft. With a small sound of pleasure I settle you completely inside my body enjoying the slight stretching of my pussy around your cock.

Leaning forward I part her lips and lightly begin to flick her clit with the tip of my tongue. Tilting my head to one side I let you catch glimpses of your wife's pussy as I continue to tease her clit. Knowing my taste, you reach around and begin to pinch my nipples while moving just enough to slide your penis in and out of my body. 

With a small groan, I kneel up a bit and begin to ride your cock while slowly putting more pressure on Marie's clit. Feeling you roughly handling my tits, I carefully slide one finger into Marie's tight pussy. The combination of roughly fucking and being fucked by you while being ever so gentle with your wife quickly brings me to my first orgasm of the night. Seating you fully inside me I stop moving for a minute letting you feel my pussy tightening around your cock as waves of pleasure wash over me. 

With a soft cry Marie pushes her pussy back onto my face. Still moving softly I begin to lightly nibble on her lips while slowly moving a second finger inside her. Listening to her cries I pick up the speed of my fingers and the pressure of my tongue. With a loud cry, she clamps my head between her thighs while every muscle in her body tenses. Still licking and nibbling on her clit I slow down to let her catch her breath. 

After several minutes her body relaxes enough to release my head. With a grin I stand up off of you and climb up on the bed next to Marie. With a laugh, Marie pushes me onto my back before burying her head between my thighs. With a small cry I spread my legs further and beckon you to join us on the bed. 

Climbing onto the bed you position your cock right over my mouth. Reaching up I firmly grasp your cock guiding it into my mouth. With a small sigh of pure pleasure I begin to suck and nibble on the head of your cock making you quiver. Keeping all my attention on your cock I begin to suck you deeply into my mouth while flicking your head with my tongue.

After several minutes of this torture you pull out of my mouth and come up behind your wife sliding your cock deep into her. With a muffled squeal she begins to slide her fingers in and out of my pussy in time with your thrusts. Listening to both women in your bed moan and cry out you begin to thrust harder trying to bring Marie to an orgasm. With a cry she removes her mouth from my clit, rests her head on my thigh and continues to fingerfuck me while you continue to slide your cock in and out of her. 

Watching your wife's fingers sliding in and out of my pussy you fight back the urge to cum knowing that you want so much more. Finally with a loud scream Marie clamps her muscles down on your cock holding you in place while her orgasm washes through her body. Watching her cum and knowing that you are watching me I arch my back and cry out softly letting another orgasm break over me. 

Completely spent Marie rolls over onto her side and relaxes quickly falling asleep. With a grin I look at your still erect cock and suggest we fix that problem. Crawling over me you slowly slide your cock deep into my pussy. Moving ever so slowly you force your way deep into me before slowly sliding out again. 

Wrapping my arms around your neck and legs around your waist I reach up to give you a long deep kiss before whispering in your ear, 'You know how I like it. Take me rough.'

With a groan your self control loosens a bit and you start to ram into me even harder. Quickly pulling out you flip me onto my hands and knees before slamming your cock all the way into me. 

Knowing that I like it a bit rough you smack my ass sharply leaving a red handprint. Listening to my moans and begging you lean forward reaching around to roughly pinch one nipple while tangling the other hand in my hair. Finally letting go of your control you begin to fuck me as hard as you have wanted to. As I begin to cry out that I am cuming you pull my hair to the side exposing my neck and one of your marks from the previous night. 

Seeing that and remembering what happened you bite down again pulling me tight against your cock as you shoot your load deep into me. Collapsing onto the bed we both struggle to catch our breath. Finally curling up next to Marie we begin to fall asleep.