 We continue Janice and Brad's seduction of Sylvia. As usual, the sexual acts here are purposely over the top. Don't bother reading if that isn't your thing. And keep the feedback coming. It helps me decide which stories to keep working on. I appreciate all the kind words thus far!

**

I was still exhausted from the ordeal of watching Janice's divorce video. My mind was reeling, but fatigue from my many orgasms began to set in. I headed back to Steve's room to take a nap. I'm not sure how long I slept before I woke to the sounds of Janice yelling downstairs. I rushed down to find her in her work attire, holding Steve up against the wall with one arm. Brad appeared to be trying to calm her down.

"I let you into my house, and you hit my husband!?" Janice roared.

"Honey, it was a mistake. Don't make a big deal out of it." Brad said in a soothing voice. I was quite surprised to see him standing up for Steve. His gentle hand on her arm caused her to ease her grip and Steve dropped to the floor. She took some deep breaths with her eyes closed as Brad gently caressed her back before quickly heading to her bedroom. I heard her mumble "Ungrateful little..." as she passed me. Brad gave me an apologetic look as he followed her.

Steve tried to muster up some composure, but I could tell he was still shaken. Not only had he been out muscled, but it had been by a woman. And his mother no less. As for me, I was confused. A small part of me felt that Janice had been out of line in how she treated Steve. But that was a small part. A growing voice in my head was telling me that Steve deserved it...and much more.

Steve called some old high school friends, and they came and picked him up. He didn't even offer to bring me along, stating that he needed to go out with 'the guys'. It only upset me in principal. I didn't actually want to be around him. I spent some time alone in my room as my head filled with thoughts. It was beginning to become clear that not only was Steve not that great of a catch, he could be downright abusive. He had never hit me, but had on many occasions verbally berated me, usually over nothing. I couldn't defend why I had put up with it either. But it occurred to me that Janice had done a similar thing for a lot longer than I.

I was shaken from my thoughts when I heard someone in the kitchen. I eventually went down to see who and I found Brad cooking dinner.

"Sorry about what happened earlier." He said when he noticed me. "Janice's tolerance for jerky man behavior went out the door when she got divorced."

"Don't worry about it. I think he deserved it. I have to say though, you sure handled it well...both times."

"Thanks. Trust me, it was hard not to just tell Janice to trounce him. I have a lot of bad memories from school because of him and his friends. But I just remind myself of what I have now. I mean, I have the most amazing woman a guy could ask for."

"Well, I think Janice is pretty lucky too." I said, and quickly realized that I was using my flirting voice.

"My my, are you flirting with my husband Sylvia?" Came Janice's voice from behind me. A twinge of fear ran through me. If Janice was the jealous type I would be in big trouble, because I realized that not only was I flirting with him, I wanted him. I had found him appealing before watching the video, now I found him downright alluring.

I turned and there was Janice in a simple shorts and t-shirt, but filled out in like no other woman could. The broad grin on her face washed away any fears I had. She pulled me into a big hug.

"I'm sorry you had to see that sweetie."

"He needs to be knocked down a few pegs. You and Brad have been nothing but wonderful."

"I'm glad you feel that way." She said as she pulled back. I noticed the same twinkle in her eye that she had had earlier this morning when she kissed me. "Speaking of wonderful, it looks like dinner is served."

Brad was laying out the food and it was in fact wonderful. I had never asked before what Brad went to college for. Turned out to be culinary school. The man could cook. Despite our laid back attire the food itself was pretty fancy. Janice peppered me with conversation as we ate before we all moved to the den with a bottle of wine.

Janice sat next to me, with Brad on her other side opposite me. He had been fairly quiet all this time. He seemed content to occasionally caress Janice while letting the ladies talk. Janice commented on how 'in shape' I was, causing me to talk about my lacrosse team. We talked about school and graduation and my hopes of becoming a graphic designer. She even asked where I had inherited my exotic look and long curly tresses, which prompted a discussion of my Gypsy ancestry (and several interesting tales my grandmother had told me).

During this Brad excused himself saying that he wanted to let the ladies have time to themselves. He hugged Janice from behind, giving her a kiss on the check and left. Our conversation continued for a bit before Janice hit me with the question that had been hanging in my head all day.

"So, Sweetie, how did you like the movie?" She asked. Her voice was low, almost like a purr.

"I...I liked it." I stammered shyly.

"Just liked it?" She replied, raising and eyebrow. "You know I prefer that people be blunt. Tell me what you really thought."

"I thought it was very sexy." I said after a long pause. It was quite a release to admit that aloud.

"Really?" She chuckled "I'm glad."

"Yeah. You and Brad are amazing." My confidence grew with every word. "The way you two...um, you-"

"Fuck, dear?" She finished for me.

"Yes, fuck! The way you fuck, it's totally hot."

"Did it turn you on?" Was she moving closer?

"God yes."

"Did you cum?" She was closer. Very much closer.

"Y-yes." My shyness returned in full force as I realized the Janice was almost on top of me.

"That makes me very happy, Sweetie. So, what I did to Gus didn't bother you?"

"No. No it didn't. Somehow it felt justified. And it was a very big turn on, even if I don't know why you did it."

"But you DO know. You've experienced it yourself. Someone who doesn't respect you. Gives you no attention. No romance. No love." As she said this she moved in very close, pushing me back a bit and leaning over me. Her mouth was on my ear. Her words blew her warm breath onto my ear and neck.

"You know ALL about a man who isn't equipped mentally or physically to please you." Her lips brushed my earlobe and I shuddered.

"Most of all, a man that You." she kissed my neck "Are." another kiss "Much." she dragged her tongue up my neck to my ear "Betteeeeer." she purred blowing a long stream of warm air across me, moving along my cheek "Than." and then she planted her warm moist lips to mine.

I can't say why, but unlike the last time we kissed, I didn't just give in. I wrapped my hands behind her head and kissed her deeply. Her gentle caresses and kisses uncorked a huge bottle of pent up passion. I kissed her forcefully, hungrily, almost angrily. My hands roamed her body without worry of anything being off limits. Both of us were moaning and panting into each other mouths. My questing hand ran into an unrelenting nipple. I tugged on it and she groaned.

She pulled back unexpectedly and I felt a momentary fear. She grabbed me; lifting me easily despite my not exactly being a petite girl. She stood and pressed me against the wall, high enough that my head was above hers as she began sucking and licking my neck. My feet dangled helplessly as I ran my fingers through her flowing golden mane.

"I knew! I knew it was in you! I saw 'me' in your eyes the first time I met you!" She growled into my neck. And somehow I knew what she meant without actually knowing.

She lifted me higher and used one hand to peel off my shirt exposing my firm breasts to her. A twinge of doubt passed through me. My breasts are quite large, but nothing compared to hers. Would she find them pleasing? I needn't have worried. She immediately began gobbling them up. Her long tongue snaking out and flicking my hard nipples. I wrapped my legs around her chest and threw my head back; giving in to her assault.

"You have such wonderful breasts!" She said with her face buried in my cleavage.

"They're nothing compared to yours." I responded, reaching down to heft one of her enormous globes.

She lowered me until our faces were even and looked me in the eyes; the look of lust gone, replaced by an almost motherly gaze.

"Size isn't everything Sweetie. I may be bigger, but you are still beautiful and sexy." I felt her hand squeeze my ass and then slide down, running along my leg.

"You seem to prefer Brad's size." I teased. Her matronly look vanished as a wicked smile grew in its place.

"And you will too, you little minx. But not until I have had my way with you!" And she kissed me hard before tossing me effortlessly onto the couch.

She stood over me and slowly removed her clothes. Not quite a striptease, but still very sexy. As her top came off, her magnificent breasts swayed into view. My mouth watered in anticipation of sucking on them. Then she turned away, bent at the waist and slowly slid her shorts off. Bent over like this I had an amazing view of her muscular ass. I just had to touch it so I ran may hand over one of the smooth firm cheeks. She flexed for me, causing it to bounce under my hand. I was still amazed at how curvy and womanly Janice looked while containing such powerful muscles under it all.

Turning back to me, Janice knelt and slowly rolled down my shorts. Despite the burning lust I could see in her eyes, she was meticulously slow. Once my pants and panties were discarded Janice took one leg and began kissing and licking it. Starting at my ankle and working ever so slowly towards my thigh.

"Your legs are magnificent. Perfect for what we will be doing later." I wasn't sure what she had in mind, but her compliment both aroused me and made me blush. I knew my legs were one of my best features. Solidly curved calves and thick juicy thighs, many a man had begged to be between them. Yet none had made me feel like Janice was while she was there.

She continued her slow journey up my leg, moving to my inner thigh. It was wonderfully agonizing waiting for her to reach her destination. Once she did I trembled in anticipation. I felt her steamy breath...and then she switched to my other thigh and began kissing her way slowly back down that leg.

Once she reached the bottom, she sucked gently on my big toe for a minute before moving back up my leg. When she reached the top she again teased me, planting only a light kiss on my swollen lips before moving down the opposite leg.

Again and again she repeated this; cruelly torturing me with only the briefest of touches on my dripping slit. A kiss, a lick, or a puff of breath. I couldn't take it.

"Pleeeeease." I moaned after a very light slow lick along my pussy. So light I barely felt it.

"Please what, my sweet?" She whispered.

"M-my pussy. Please lick it." I begged.

"Why didn't you say so?" She grinned at me evilly before planting her mouth firmly on my quivering lips. She brought her lips around my hard clit and I lost it. My hips pounded and juices gushed as I came. The she grabbed under my ass and fully lifted me into her face. I laced my fingers through her silky hair and pulled her in tightly.

She never stopped. Licking and sucking on each of my inflamed lips, working her long tongue into my pussy, flicking and nibbling gently at my clitoris. Her movements were expertly executed. Sometimes she would bring me right to the edge and pull back over and over. Others she would bring me over quickly. This was already the greatest sexual experience of my life.

"Janice." I panted after a particularly big orgasm. "I want to taste you. Please let me taste your pussy!"

"Of course, dear." She purred between my thighs.

She pulled back gently pulled me to the floor and lay me on my back. She straddled my head with those amazing thighs and then lowered her head back between my own well muscled legs. Before me her bald pussy glistened wetly. I had several experimental times with some of my sorority sisters and I intended to use everything I had learned to pleasure this goddess. I realized this was the same view Steve's father would have had during the DVD, except these awe inspiring thighs would have been crushing his head. 

I began returning the favor on her pussy, licking and sucking with my own talented mouth. I remember one of my sorority sisters has accused me of being a lesbian because of skill. Janice seemed to appreciate it as she moaned into my pussy. Her clit was quite large which made it very easy to tease and please. I had her cumming in short order. Her thighs flexed as she came and pressed around my head. Not painfully, but definitely powerfully.

Since I was on my back, that left my hands free, so I was able to bring one up to finger her dripping hole. It occurred to me that after have Brad's immense member, one or two fingers would probably not cut it. Third and fourth were quickly inserted. The ease at which she took them gave me an idea. Pressing my fingers together, I pushed forward. I didn't have to push too hard before my hand slid into her pussy up to my wrist.

Janice growled and bit my clit playfully causing me to jump below her. She also inserted several fingers into me and began to stretch it. Her pussy muscles gripped my hand forcefully. I couldn't help but wonder if those same muscles had the power to crush my hand. I shook that thought from my head and began to pump my hand in and out of her sopping cunt. It made me feel good to know that I could excite this woman enough to get her so wet.

The in and out of my hand was causing her to moan and groan. I decided to up the ante, and lifted my head to suck at her swollen clit. She roared. Her thighs flexed, swelling around my head. Her pussy clenched and unclenched around my hand. Juices gushed from her lips and dripped onto my face.

She shuddered like this for a bit and the suddenly jerked up, pulling my hand from inside her. She stood and quickly pulled me up with her, lifting me up. I instinctively wrapped my legs around her and we kissed passionately. Effortlessly she walked us both out of the den and up the stairs. I wasn't even thinking about where we were going. I was so caught up in just feeling her. It was a male voice that brought me out of my little dream.

"I wondered how long you two would be." I heard Brad say.

My eyes flew open to see Janice's eyes smiling back at me. I turned my head and there was Brad in the bed that I had masturbated in earlier watching Brad and Janice fuck. He lay there naked, his enormous erection pointing at the ceiling. I looked back to Janice to see her grinning at me slyly.

"See anything you like, Sweetie?" She purred.

"God yes!" I breathed and then looked back at the bed. Brad grinned at me and got up to stand. I now had Janice on one side and Brad on the other. From behind me Brad had positioned his cock so that it slid against my ass. It felt so hot. So hard.

Turning back to Janice, she immediately enveloped my mouth in hers. Brad quickly followed her lead and began kissing my neck. I could feel him grinding his colossal cock into the cleft of my butt cheeks. Their tag team kissing combined with the thought of Brad's cock was driving me wild. I was having trouble even catching my breath. I pulled away from Janice's kiss and looked at her pleadingly.

"Can I-" I started. She interrupted me.

"You'll have to ask him Sweetie." She grinned, lowering me. I took my legs from around her and let me feet touch the ground and quickly turned to Brad.

"Brad will you..." I paused. Anticipation overtook me.

"Will I what?" He smirked, flexing his mammoth meat which caused it to bounce.

"Will you have sex with me?" I whispered. I was so in awe of his masculinity.

"I dunno," He teased "A little girl like you? Not sure you could handle it."

Suddenly that same passion that rose up when Janice kissed me on the couch came back. 'Little girl?' I was five ten! Just because I wasn't Janice's size didn't mean I couldn't take it. I was going to take it whether he wanted me to or not!

My arms shot out and shoved him into the bed. Before he could think, I pounced on him; straddling his waist, feeling his rock hard appendage against my leaking slit. I flattened against him, crushing my formidable tits into his chest and kissed him forcefully. At first, I was in control. But he shifted the scales quickly. Just as he had done the night before when he and Janice kissed, he took control. He stole my breath with his passion, before pulling me away.

"That is EXACTLY the kind of woman I want to fuck!" he growled, his eyes now full of lust.

I locked my own lust filled gaze with his and raised my hips as he lifted his cock and lined it up with my wet opening.

"I'm not going easy on you. I'm going to own that little pussy." He said in a deep voice.

"I don't want you to go easy. I want you to try and own my pussy." I fired back throatily, emphasizing the 'try', making sure he knew it was a challenge. He gave one chuckle before slamming his hips upward as he grabbed my hips and pulled down.

It was like nothing I had felt before. I came immediately. With just the head and a few inches I already felt fuller than I ever had. If Janice hadn't stretched me out a bit earlier with her strong fingers, Brad would have ripped me in half. As it was, my pussy lips already felt stretched beyond capacity. But I had to have more.

Brad slid out until just the tip of his colossal cock remained and then pushed back in. My pussy stretched and a bit more went in. He repeated this, each few strokes allowing more of his magnificent organ to penetrate me. The sensation of being so tremendously stretched was wonderful. I knew then and there that I would never be able to even feel Steve's dick after this. I pushed back against his strokes, reveling in the feeling of parts of my pussy never before touched firing and bringing me to new heights.

Then I felt his massive head nudge squarely against my cervix. And enormous orgasm swept through me. So powerful that my arms gave out and I collapsed against Brad's chest. He held me tight as a shuddered through the biggest orgasm of my life. Little did I know that it was just the beginning!

"Now it's time for you to to REALLY get fucked you sexy bitch." Brad growled into my ear.

"YES! Give me the fucking I truly deserve!"

With that, he flipped me onto my back and cocked my legs up onto his shoulders. His cock remained firmly in my overstuffed pussy. With my legs up, he bent his neck and licked along one of my full calves. At the same time I felt the bed shift as Janice lay down next to me.

"He really loves your legs Sweetie. He's wanted them wrapped around him since the first time he met you." Janice whispered. It really turned me on to know that he was impressed with any part of me when he had access to a goddess like Janice.

When he was done worshiping my calves he pushed my legs down against my chest and leaned against them. I looked up at him; his eyes blazed with lust. He began to slowly grind against me, causing his huge cock to slide and flex inside of me. I cooed at him and he pulled out slightly before feeding those inches back into me. Then he pulled out further and crammed it back in. More and more inches came out each time until he was pulling out almost the entire enormous length. He kept sliding slowly but deliberately, building me to a huge orgasm. When it crashed into me, I shrieked through it as Janice whispered to me.

"Cum all over Brad's horse cock baby. He's going to fuck you like never before." She said in my ear before sitting up and yelling at Brad. "Now stud! Fuck the living shit out of this sexy little slut!"
