 Following on from the previous stories Bex and I continued to have more threesomes with Ian which always ended in lots of orgasms and spunk filling her holes, each meet better than the last but I wanted to see how far she was willing to go with our sexperiments.

During a good fuck session I asked her if she was ready to take things to the next level? She asked me what I had in mind so I told her I wanted her to get fucked by someone without me being there, a total stranger and then for her to come home and tell me all about it. She said she wasn't really up for this because it turned her on me being there and knowing I was enjoying watching and encouraging her. I told her it would turn me on and I wouldn't be angry with her cos I didn't think it would be cheating if I knew about it and even given her permission to do it. She said she really didn't fancy doing this and just wanted to keep things the way they were between us and continue to involve Ian in our sex life.

I left it there, I didn't want to push her into doing something she didn't feel comfortable doing or piss her off, especially whilst I hadn't cum yet!

A couple of weeks went by and nothing else was mentioned. She said she was going out with some of her friends from college at the weekend and she'd probably be late home and asked if I was ok with that. I never stopped her doing anything and told her of course and to just be careful cos she was going into Manchester and there's always idiots about. She said they were going to go to the Ritz and she'd be fine.

The weekend came and she got ready and went out and I stayed in.

It must have been around 3am when she came home and she was obviously pissed cos she was bumping into things and apologizing to them. She climbed into bed and snuggled up and put her hand straight on my dick. I turned over and as I went to kiss her smelt her breath which stank. She had been a smoker when we first got together but quit and hadn't smoked for about 18 months but tonight she'd obviously decided to start up again and i'm afraid I don't like the smell and I certainly don't like the taste. So between the cigarettes and the stale beer her breath was a real turn off so I said goodnight and rolled back over again.

She wasn't about to take no for an answer though and the next think I feel her going under the covers and felt her mouth enclose around my cock. I was already slightly turned on but feeling her very talented mouth starting to suck on my cock got me standing to attention. I was moaning as she continued to suck me and I had my hand on her head to keep forcing my cock further into her wet mouth, if nothing else i'd fill her mouth with my spunk tonight.

She stopped sucking and came up for air and without any invitation straddled my dick. I slipped in so easily I thought "wow, she must have really been turned on to get fucked tonight".

As she started riding me I reached up and grabbed her tits and started squeezing her nipples, she let out a long moan and said she was about to cum, which was very fast for her and I said to her she must be really horny tonight. She said "I am because you have no idea what i've done tonight." 

I stopped moving but she kept riding me so I said "what do you mean?"

She then dropped a bombshell. She told me I was the third cock she'd had in her tonight and her cunt was so wet because their spunk was in her! I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I was gobsmacked and a little disgusted. I didn't think she'd actually go thru with it, she'd seemed so against it a couple of weeks ago but now she was telling me she'd been out with her friends and 2 different guys had fucked her and emptied their spunk in her!!

She stopped moving on top of me and looked down at me. She asked what was wrong and had she gone too far by actually doing it? She actually looked like she was going to cry and I had to hurriedly reassure her that everything was ok. I pulled her towards me and gave her a hug and told her I loved her. I said everything was fine, I was just surprised because she'd seemed so against the idea last time i'd mentioned it but she said she'd met a group of fellas who they'd chatted to most of the evening and fancied a couple of the guys and as she had more to drink wanted to fuck them but didn't know how to make it happen or even if they were interested.

I lay her on her back and slid my cock back into her, excited now more than before knowing she had fresh cum in her only a couple of hours ago.

I told her to tell me everything in detail. (The following is roughly what she told me had happened to her but it's not going to be spot on as this happened over 20 years ago)

She said her and her friends had gone to the Ritz and had been there for about half an hour when a group of lads came over and started talking to them. A lot of flirting was going on between everyone but she said she'd had no intention of doing anything with any of them (i think that was for my benefit to begin with) but she had quite a few drinks and one of the lads kept lightly brushing up her back and it was making her horny. She went to the toilet and as she walked in the guy followed her in and pushed her into the cubicle and before she could say anything he was kissing her. She said she was shocked but again I think she was probably saying that for me, knowing how fast she goes from 0 to 60 she was probably all over him just as much as he was on her. Anyway, he pulled up her top and had her tits out whilst she was unfastening his jeans to get his cock out. 

As soon as it was out she dropped to her knees to suck it. As she was sucking his dick she was undoing her pants and after a few minutes of sucking she came up and kissed him some more whilst he was pushing her pants down to get to her cunt. She said she was really wet and when he turned her around and pushed her forward over the toilet he slipped in really easily, even tho according to her he was quite a big lad. He fucked her like that for a about 5 minutes and she came hard and he told her he was going to cum and would she swallow it but she said no, she wanted it in her pussy and apparently when she said that he started banging her really hard and then shot his load inside her. He held her by her hips to make sure she got the lot inside her then pulled out. She turned around they kissed then he left her in the cubicle. She said she really didn't want to sit down and have a piss and it all to drip out of her but she needed wee so as she sat down she saw a large dollop of his cum drip out of her and down into the toilet.

She tidied herself up and went back to join her friends. Emma, one of her friends said "you look fucked!" and she just smiled, she obviously knew.

They all continued chatting and the guy that had fucked Bex seemed to be drifting towards one of her other friends now but they all continued chatting and this is when the smoking seems to have started. She went out with one of the lads to have a smoke and they were chatting and flirting then her grabbed her hand and led her towards the railway viaducts. As soon as they were out of the public view he turned her around and started kissing her. She reciprocated and was rubbing his cock thru his jeans as he was squeezing her tits. She was feeling really horny now knowing she'd already had one strangers cock in her that night, now she was about to have another. He pulled her pants down and started to finger her whilst she was wanking his cock and he commented about how wet she was and she must be gagging to be fucked, she never told him he was fingering his mates spunk. 

He turned her around and slid his cock into her and started fucking her and calling her a filthy little slut and a dirty bitch which she was loving. They fucked for quite a while and all the time they were there they could hear people walking by and its unlikely they knew they were just feet away from a couple fucking but this turned Bex on a lot, she was cumming hard every couple of minutes but when the lad said he was gonna cum and was gonna pull out she clenched her cunt hard around his cock and told him to cum inside her cos she loved the feel of it shooting inside her. On that note he unloaded all his spunk into her which brought on another orgasm for her. Once they got their breath back they got dressed, had another kiss then went back into the club.

They joined everyone back inside and Emma commented again that Bex looked fucked so she took her to one side and told her what she'd done that evening. Emma was shocked and asked Bex if she was splitting up from me with her behavior not being like her but Bex said no, it was her secret. She didn't want Emma knowing what we got up to behind closed doors.

So now we're back in the bedroom and i've been fucking and listening to her tell me the story of her naughty night out and she finishes off by telling me that if the rest of the lads in the group (there were 6 in total) had wanted to fuck her she'd have happily taken them all on. That did it for me, the thought of 6 lads fucking my girl and dumping their loads inside her was too much for me to hold out any longer and I added my spunk to her well fucked cunt to mix with whatever was left inside her from the 2 lucky lads that fucked her earlier.

We had great fun with this for the next few weeks and it got me thinking about other possible scenarios but you'll have to come back to see what happened next!

Be the first to leave your mark ...

What say you?