 Chapter 2

UPS and Downs

Sensations ran through her as she slept. Familiar and unfamiliar. All of them more than welcome. Then she heard a voice close by. A male voice, harsh and unwelcome in her little bubble of comfort. Wondering who on earth it was, Sarah jerked awake.

"...I'm sorry ma'am but there's nothing I can do. You fled the scene of a crime," the harsh voice said. Sarah couldn't see the person that was speaking but she had a shrewd idea what his line of work was.

Wrapping the bedsheet around her she got out of bed. The floor was freezing and there was an unpleasant draught wafting through Lilly's apartment. 

"Could I at least get dressed?" Lilly's voice said exasperated.

"Of course," another voice said, this one far more reasonable.

"Good! I'll be right back," Lilly's said and came walking into the room a moment later.

"Ah you're up!" she said happily as she saw Sarah standing there wrapped in her bedsheet, "Had a good sleep?"

"Whaz goin on," Sarah asked sleepily, brushing her hair out of her eyes.

"Oh I'm being taken down town for questioning about what happened at Walmart's last night or this morning, I can't keep track. Apparently my ex says she's been assaulted for no good reason and suffered a grievous injury as I beat her to a pulp," Lilly said sounding quite amused by the whole thing. Indeed she looked amused to no end.

"You're being arrested?" Sarah blurted trying to keep her voice down.

Lilly looked at her, her eyes glittering again. "They haven't read me my rights yet and they've already had me in handcuffs once. So first of all they'll never be able to get me in a court of law. Secondly what that bitch is saying is a complete lie and she struck me first, the surveillance cameras can back me up. And thirdly I had a really great time today," Lilly said softly, as she walked up to Sarah and kissed her gently on the lips, "With you. So if you don't mind, I'd like to continue this later. You can stay here while I go and clear this up. Kevin isn't out of surgery yet. I called the hospital while you were asleep. Oh you've only slept for two hours."

Sarah nodded sleepily and smiled what she hoped was a reassuring smile as Lilly stepped into the closet to find some shoes.

Sarah sat down on the edge of the bed, pulling her feet up onto the edge and wrapped the sheet around her more tightly. She didn't like the freezing floor and the fact that the cops had evidently left the front door open didn't help the temperature.

"There's lots of food in the kitchen and tea and coffee above the sink," Lilly said as she pulled on her coat, and then with a tender kiss she whispered, "See you later honey." And was out the door with the two cops. 

Sarah pulled on her panties that she found in a chair next to the bed and then stretched and yawned as she sat there on the bed. Her eyes wandering over the rest of the apartment for the first time. Her first thought was that it suited Lilly perfectly. The bed, a cherry wood queen size, stood against the windows. From her vantage point Sarah could see the buildings of the hospital. They were clearly quite high up. The rest of the apartment consisted of hardwood floors, white pillars and kinda reminded her of the apartment that Tom Hanks had hired during his grown-up spell in Big. 

In fact it wouldn't have surprised her if it actually was the apartment from Big. All around the apartment were large windows that were covered by long and elegant off-white curtains. Little spotlights were affixed here and there creating a velvet lighting effect. The entire place was suffused in that same warmth that Lilly had shown Sarah.

White and comfortable furniture stood around the place. A couple of easy chairs and a small round table with a few candles on it stood close to an enormous cherry wood bookcase even larger than the one that stood in Lilly's waiting room. The bookcase stood against the only wall of the apartment that wasn't windowed.

A cherry wood ladder stood against the bookcase, which led from one end of the apartment to the other. This bookcase, like the one that stood in Lilly's practise, was filled with books of every kind. Sarah wondered if this too held the way to the kitchen. 

She stood up, stretched again, dropped the sheet onto the floor and made her way over to the bookcase, bypassing a high-backed sofa and the 87" flatscreen Pioneer TV. For a moment Sarah wondered how on earth Lilly could afford the apartment and the furniture in it but then put it out of her mind as she came to the bookcase. 

"Alphabetised on author's last name. Anal much?" Sarah wondered aloud as she surveyed the bookcase. It was true that every book in the case was indeed alphabetised by authors last name. Every few books stood a black marker with the corresponding first letter of their last name. Sarah looked around at the books and saw that they held no common topic, unlike the bookcase at the hospital. These were books with topics ranging from home-improvement to Superman's early years and Harry Potter to the CIA terrorist guide. 

There was one book in particular that stood out among the volumes on the countless shelves. It was large, black and covered in cobwebs. Or what seemed to be cobwebs, they were actually fake and sown into the leather of the cover. Around the spine was a large imprint of what seemed to be a bloody hand. The title of the book was Dante's Divine Comedy: Inferno; Purgatorio; Paradiso. 

Sarah stretched out her hand and was about to pull it off the shelf when there was a dull clunk and a part of the bookcase sank out of sight. Smiling to herself Sarah looked in and found herself in a large, warmly sunlit kitchen. 

"Strange I hadn't realised the rain had stopped," she thought absentmindedly as she stepped into the kitchen. 

A cooking island was the first thing she noticed and a sort of bar adjacent to this was the second. Six barstools surrounded the bar and cooking island. A large double door fridge stood on one wall. Or more like in one wall. The walls and cabinets were all of the same cherrywood that made up both the bookcase and the bed. The barstools were cherry as well but the padded seats were covered in white leather. The sinks and counters were all made of stainless steel. And numerous candles, herbs and spices filled the shelves around the kitchen. Numerous pots, pans, baking trays and other such necessities were hanging from the wall behind the cooking island on the same wall as the sinks. 

Realising that she was hungry and realising she could do with a glass of white wine Sarah opened the fridge's right door. It was completely stocked with food, large amounts of bottled water, juices and an entire drawer full of beer. Not a bottle of wine anywhere in sight. Frowning she closed the door and opened the other one. Here there were large quantities of fresh vegetables, cheeses and other items which Sarah wasn't looking for. Sighing she closed the fridge again and walked over to the pantry door. After opening it she let out a small gasp. She was looking at a complete cooled wine cellar on what had to be the tenth floor at least. Wine of every colour flavour was there in abundance. It looked however as though not a one had been touched in quite some time.

She pulled out a bottle of 1993 French Chardonnay and went in search of a corkscrew. She didn't have to look far. Just as she was about to leave she saw a collection of them hanging from the wall just beside the door.

She opened it at the counter and poured it into a glass. She then opened the door beside the wine cellar and found herself in the pantry. Besides plates and dishes, there was bread, peanut butter and the like. Crisps nuts and again a variety of cheeses were also there in popular number. Sarah picked up a bag of crisps and a small bag of nuts and went to sit on the sofa in front of the television. The hidden door to the bookcase closed itself again as she crossed the threshold and slid Dante's book back into position. Just as she settled down she realised she had to pee. 

The bathroom was easy to find. Lilly no doubt had placed a large sign, undoubtedly once having belonged in a restaurant or hotel lobby, BATHROOMS and a neon arrow pointing to the right into the hall.

The bathroom was large spacious and decorated in what seemed to be white marble. Sarah didn't feel like a shower just yet since she wanted to wait for Lilly to come back. 

After relieving herself Sarah dressed in one of Lilly's skirts and loose fitting shirts and returned to the couch, curled up with her wine and crisps and turned on the television.

   ***

Just as she flicked to the headline news, the doorbell rang. It was a very funny doorbell too. It sounded like the doorbell from The Addams Family. 

Sarah looked through the peephole and saw that it was a man wearing a brown and gold UPS uniform. She quickly took off the chain and swung the door open. The man in question was not much older than she was. He had longish brown hair, friendly dark brown eyes that were almost black and his physique was that of a body builder who had decided that it was time to cut off the steroids. Sarah found that he was rather nice looking. His nametag identified him as Chris.

"Good afternoon! I've got a package here for a ... ," Chris said, as he quickly checked his PDA, "Miss Jung."

He looked expectantly at Sarah.

"Err ... I'll sign for it if you'd like. Miss Jung is out at the moment and I don't know when she'll be back," she said, stuttering a little. The warm voice had taken her by surprise. She'd been expecting the usual UPS bored drone.

"Well ... err ... I have explicit instructions on here that I'm not to deliver to anyone but Miss Jung," he said, his tone apologetic, "I could come back later."

He started to leave and Sarah had a quick glance at the sky. It was cloudier than ever.

"Okay then see you later. Of course you could also wait here for her to return," she said with a little laugh.

Chris turned, uncertainty written all over his face as if he could not possibly have heard correctly. Then after looking Sarah over from top to bottom, he nodded.

"That's very nice of you, thank you," Chris smiled unexpectedly and made to walk into the apartment.

Sarah, taken completely by surprise, quickly stood back to let him pass. Chris walked normal as you please into the living room, set the package and his PDA on the table and looked round the living room. Sarah closed the door and followed, completely off balance.

Chris stood in the middle of the living room and looked thoroughly in place. If it hadn't been for that dreadful UPS uniform he could've lived there.

"So would you like something to drink while you wait?" Sarah said indicating the glass of wine she'd just poured for herself.

"Actually I'd love a beer," he said jovially as he looked at her with a grin.

Sarah found herself intrigued despite her overwhelming shock that a stranger had just entered a home that was not her own. She still couldn't believe that she'd actually answered the door. Lilly must've had more of an effect on her than she'd first realised. Besides, the effect that she had realised had already knocked her out twice.

"Beer it is," Sarah said trying to sound casual, "any preference?"

"Not really- anything is good as long as it's not Piels," he said shuddering at the memory of the dreadful concoction. 

"Have a seat and I'll be right back."

Sarah made her way into the large kitchen and selected a beer that was not Piels and then made her way back into the living room. Just as she was about to enter however she heard voices. 

"Yeah she's here but I don't think she realizes what's happening," Chris was saying in a differential tone. That's when the second voice crackled into existence. A female voice, authoritative and kind of like her sixth grade teacher Mrs Harmon.

"Do whatever you have to to get the information out of her. If she has it as our lovely and charming young guest suggested under some duress."

Lilly? They had Lilly?!

Sarah felt herself go weak at the knees and for a moment was in danger of collapsing onto the floor but then her resolve kicked in. She would face whatever they threw at her, she'd done so before after that SOB cop had assaulted her a few years ago and she's become all the stronger and fiercer for it. 

Anything for Lilly!

She squared her shoulders and marched back into the living area where Chris was still standing, just slipping his phone back into his pants pocket. He'd obviously heard her coming. 

"Ah yummy," he said eagerly, "Thank you."

"Have a seat," Sarah said indicating the couch.

Chris nodded and sat down looking instantly at ease with his surroundings. Sarah noticed as he sat down that a sizeable bulge had developed in his pants. For a moment her plan wavered and she found herself wanting to investigate the bulge. She shook herself mentally and engaged Chris into a harmless conversation. Babbling on about the Steelers and the dreadful weather Sarah stole closer to Chris all the time. He didn't seem to notice or mind. 

"So you lived here long?" Chris said, waving his almost empty beer bottle around to indicate Lilly's home.

"Not that long no," she said vaguely, smiling in spite of herself.

"Nice place, lots of space and you can actually see that someone lives here. I mean it's got a used quality that I appreciate," Chris said smiling at her.

What are you now an architect? 

Now that she was practically on top of Chris she found his aftershave, if it was that, particularly enticing. He smelled wonderful.

Her resolve to find out what had happened to Lilly started to slip more and more. Her eyes were now almost continually drawn towards the massive bulge in those horrid brown pants. What she wanted most at the moment was to shred those pants and that horrid brown shirt and make him wear something else...her for example.

Carefully so it wouldn't look too obvious, she ran a hand along the inside of his leg as if to brush away some crisp crumbs. The bulge in his pants reacted instantly, it grew more pronounced by far. 

God he must have a big dick!

Her resolve slipped away like a piece of straw in a hurricane. Lilly would be fine, she was strong and clever but Sarah was the girl in need now.

"Wait what are you..." Chris began but never got the chance to get all the words out as Sarah jumped onto his lap and kissed him on the mouth while at the same time her hands started unbuckling his pants.

She knew this wasn't exactly the most tactful way of going about this but he hadn't said no or stop or something like that. In fact now that he'd overcome his initial shock he seemed quite eager for her to continue.

His kisses became more intense and his tender yet firm hands grabbed her ass and pulled her closer to him. Sarah let out an involuntary grunt as he settled her onto his cock. True the pants were still between them but she could feel his cock through the lining. He was hard as hell. 

For Lilly!

She unzipped his fly and pulled on the lining of his boxers, instantly his massive cock came free and Sarah imagined she heard it cheer to be free of its confines. Chris meanwhile pulled her skirt up and ripped away her panties. They came away fairly easily, so easily that Sarah resolved to buy better underwear from now on. 

As she looked down however the thoughts of her underwear choices vanished from her mind as she looked upon Chris' cock. It was huge and kinda pretty. Cut, shaved, veiny and with a large bloodred head it seemed to pulse slightly with the rhythm of his heartbeat. 

"My, my, you are happy to see me," she breathed as Chris slipped the shirt off her shoulders.

Chris grinned, his black eyes sparkling in the same way Lilly's had. 

"Would you like me to show you how happy?" he suggested.

"Please do," she smiled. Chris put his hand behind her back and carefully lowered her onto the sofa. Eyes locked with hers he took her tits in her hands and gentle almost teasingly caressed them. Sarah's intake of breath was something she couldn't help.

"Get rid of your shirt," she whispered as her eyes fell upon his UPS uniform.

It took him all of two seconds to undo his shirt after which he lowered his mouth to her nipple. Flicking his tongue over it first and then in a very Lilly-like way quickly sucked it into his mouth and then released it again. Over and over, almost as if he was performing a blowjob on her nipples. 

She liked it. A lot.

As he twirled his tongue around her nipple his right hand enveloped her left tit and his left hand started doing some wandering of it's own. Teasingly he caressed his way down her abdomen until it came to an uncertain stop just above her pubic region. He looked up, nipple still in his mouth, and asked the unspoken question with those glittering black eyes. Sarah smiled, her eyes strangely unfocused and filled with an indescribable passion at the same time and nodded almost imperceptively. 

To his credit Chris caught it. And a moment later she felt his hand running along her inner thigh towards her happy place, as she herself so often referred to it. That's when his phone rang. Loudly and inappropriately. The ringtone was It's a Small World (as in that terrible song from Disney).

Sighing heavily Chris picked his phone off the coffee table and looked at the screen. Snorting, he flicked open the phone.

"Yeah?" he said, sounding severely irritated. A moment's pause. "No can do I'm busy," he growled pushing Sarah back down with a tender hand. "Good and tell them that!" he said firmly and flicked the phone closed.

Then he turned his attention back to Sarah. "Where were we?" he said softly. 

As if you couldn't remember!?

She didn't answer, she could've just continued where he'd left off but she was willing to skip ahead a little. Pushing the top of his head down towards her groin seemed to be the right thing to do. Chris didn't resist, in fact he seemed positively giddy about it. Softly he caressed his tongue down her abdomen, however this time he didn't stop to wait for permission to continue when he reached her pubic area. Eagerly he breathed in the sweet smell of her honeypot. Chuckling internally Sarah closed her eyes and felt the intense sensations flow through her as his warm and she had to admit expert tongue began to lick its way around her pussy. 

A sharp intake of breath escaped her mouth unwillingly as she felt Chris' tongue take a few careful licks at her outer labia. A spasm or rather a series of spasms ran from her pussy up her spine and released a sizeable amount of endorphins. Smiling Sarah opened her eyes a little and looked down at the unknown, yet strangely familiar, man between her legs that was giving her such pleasure. For what seemed like hours to Sarah Chris continued his wonderful job on her young body. Every now and then Sarah had one thought over and over...

Why isn't Lilly here to share this experience?

Chris' hands meanwhile were anything but idle. His soft fingers that obviously didn't belong to a courier for UPS were wrapped around her long and slender legs and every now and then ran up to pinch her nipples. Whenever this happened Sarah felt the feelings she was experiencing intensify to the point of exploding. That was exactly when Chris would back off again keeping her constantly close to but not near enough to the point of an amazing orgasm.

Slapping her own hands away from her pussy became something of a regular thing, Chris seemed determined to have her hovering close but not close enough to the point of no return. Sarah decided that it was about time for her to go on the offensive. 

"Chris baby, would you like me to relieve some of your own pressure?" she asked in barely more than a whisper. From between her legs two black eyes locked with hers in a grinning manner even though she couldn't see his mouth because that was still firmly planted on her pussy.
