 Work had been a drudge recently, doing nothing much for much of the time. This was a shame really, because she used to enjoy the work side of work quite a bit, working for a big city law firm had been fun. She had always enjoyed the social side; drinking and fucking, but that enjoyment was increased because she had also really enjoyed the bits in between the drinking and the fucking. Now the work was starting to bore her, the social side was also.

Today was not better. All she had planned was the same old, and then an IT supplier meeting before lunch, that was a thrill. And it was going to be a nightmare because her boss had asked her to meet a long-time supplier and try to get their prices down. 

She hated doing these meetings because her boss, Dave, had already screwed them to the ground so hard that they had nowhere else to go with the costs, and she thought her boss did it just to make her feel useless. Whatever his motives, she was sure this meeting would be as fruitless as the rest.

Anyway, the day had started slowly and lethargy had kicked in before ten, she was fucking bored.

It got worse, because her boss was also in fucking jovial mood, telling everybody in the office that Amanda was seeing another supplier to use her fantastic negotiating skills again. “We will probably be paying more than we are now once she has finished negotiating with them,” was his Joke-de-Jeur. ‘Fucking smart arse,’ was muttered under her breath more than once every ten minutes or so.

The meeting was booked for eleven, and she had said she would take the supplier across the road for lunch afterwards, so her diary was pretty much filled till mid afternoon. That was a bonus at least.

Amanda had booked a meeting room and checked it was in order about ten minutes before eleven and thought she might as well wander down to reception and wait for her visitor, better than sitting at her desk listening to more negotiating jokes.

She was chatting to the receptionist when they arrived; she had only been expecting one, Steve, but he had brought a colleague with him, a woman, older than Amanda and looking like she could fend for herself in an argument, stern appearance obviously being the look she was after that day.

“Amanda, Steve, nice to meet you at last,” he held out his hand, “And this is Jane, my boss, she is just doing a few meetings with me today I hope you don’t mind her being here.”

Jane held out her hand, which Amanda took, surprised by the firmness of the grip, her hand held for longer than a normal handshake would require.

“Nice to meet you Amanda,” Jane looked her directly in the eye, “sorry we didn’t let you know before hand.”

Amanda shook her head.

“No worries at all, luckily I booked a big room, so we just need to get some more coffee’s ordered.”

Amanda asked the receptionist for more coffee and then guided her two visitors to the second floor meeting room.

It wasn’t a customer room, the partners had sole use of those, and they were nicely decorated. This one was reserved for internal and supplier meetings, no windows, and at the back end of the building where nobody bothered to go unless a meeting had been called.

“Sorry about the room,” Amanda thought best make a joke of it, “we only take the suppliers who give us good discounts to the nice ones,” she laughed, Steve laughed, Jane didn’t. She smiled, but it wasn’t a well done your funny smile, it was a ‘Fuck you’ smile.

They sat and talked as the coffee was delivered and then Jane got down to business.

“OK, Amanda, Steve tells me that this is just a general catch up meeting, but that you wanted to discuss discounts with us?” she emphasised the last bit.

Amanda was surprised at the directness, although it made her job easier because she hated bringing up the discount issue, normally skirting around it right till the end of the meetings, when the expected ‘no chance’ was uttered and she could get them out of the building with little or no added embarrassment.

Steve hadn’t said a word yet, so it looked like Jane would be running it from their side, great fucking account manager he was.

Amanda shifted in her seat.

“Well yes, it was meant as a general catch up meeting, but Dave did ask me to bring up the discount question and see if we could come to a mutual understanding on it,” it was Amanda’s most professional voice and she tried to sound as forthright as Jane had been.

“How is Dave the old bugger,” Jane lightened up for a second,” I haven’t seen him for an age, is he still a bloody pain in the arse thinking he’s a comedian most of the time?” Jane was obviously well connected and she wanted Amanda to know it.

“He’s fine, funny as ever.”

“Yes, I guessed he was behind the discount question, he’s always trying to screw us down,” Jane smiled, “and always gets one of his people to try it for him so he gets to give them a hard time afterwards,” Jane certainly was well informed, “don’t worry, I know his MO Amanda, and know you’re his fall girl for the day.”

Amanda didn’t like knowing less about her boss than a supplier, and it was obvious Jane knew Dave much better than anybody she had met before. Although looking at her Amanda imagined that maybe he’d done more than just screw her down in price in the past. Well, any pretence of slipping the discount question in at the end had been blown immediately and Amanda guessed that this might be a very short meeting indeed.

“Well, as you know, we are continually reviewing our supplier pricing and discount arrangements, and yes Dave has asked me to enter into negotiations with yourselves to make sure we continue to receive best value pricing.” Amanda was sticking to the company line; she didn’t know Jane and therefore wasn’t going to become too familiar.

Jane smiled again and looked across at Steve.

“Well Amanda, I guess our opening position would be to say that the discount you get is as much as we can offer and therefore we really don’t see any negotiating position being open to us. And you can tell Dave to go fuck himself if he thinks I am bending over and letting him fuck me from behind for an extra 5% discount,” Jane didn’t change her tone of voice throughout the speech.

Amanda nearly choked; she had never been spoken to like that by a supplier. Dave had obviously fucked Jane and then fucked off, she was certainly not fucking happy about something.

“I guess I could go tell him that Jane, but getting fired wasn’t on my list of things to do today,” Amanda was searching for something to say outside of the obvious, fuck off. “I would have hoped that you could give me something to take back to Dave to just show good faith between our two companies.”

Jane lent back in her chair and smiled.

“He’s been taking the piss all morning hasn’t he Amanda?” Jane definitely knew too much, “And if you don’t go back with even 1% extra discount you life is going to be hell for weeks to come, I know his form don’t worry.”

She hadn’t finished yet though.

“We will still get the business anyway because he’s not doing this to get any extra discount, he just wants somebody to take the piss out of in the office, and you’ve been selected Amanda for some reason. So lets not kid around, you know you need the discount more than Dave does, because he doesn’t give a fuck about it.”

Amanda was in shock. She really had never been spoken to like this before and she wasn’t enjoying it. This fucking woman had either been briefed already by somebody or knew her boss far too well.

Dave was such a fucker. OK she did fancy him, and yes she had fucked him once, just the once, and then told him she didn’t want to fuck him again, but this was a fucking nightmare.

Amanda had a horrible thought. Jane knew far too much about the whole thing, and she had obviously fucked Dave at some point in the past, so had he set her up? The fucker hadn’t briefed Jane before hand had he?  He had been unusually a major twat this morning; more than usual definitely, so perhaps he had been laying it on thick just to prepare himself for the onslaught later. Fucking hell, she was sure he had.

Jane hadn’t said anything while Amanda was thinking, just sat there smiling her fucking face off.

“Well Jane, as you now so fucking much then why don’t you let me know what hell happens now then?” Amanda decided that she might as well get to the point of this, as she knew that there must be one if Dave and Jane were fucking buddies.

A bigger smile grew on Jane’s face. Dave had been right about Amanda she thought, corner her, and then fucking play her. Now time to have some fun.

“Amanda, look you need extra discount to stop Dave taking the piss, and let’s say I have 5% to offer in the right circumstances, making you look a star and giving you the best afternoon you have had in ages. You also get to take the piss out of Dave as he negotiated the current pricing,” Jane already had the deal in her mind.

Five percent was a fucking load of extra discount Amanda thought. The only thing that worried her was what Jane wanted for it, and why hadn’t Steve said a fucking word throughout the whole thing?

“5% extra, from today?” Amanda wanted the deal on the table.

“5% from today, I have it already agreed, we just need to negotiate the terms,” Jane knew the deal was done.

Amanda knew she was heading into a trap but just to get the 5% was worth the risk. Nobody in the office would know what had happened, just that she had the 5% extra discount.

“Right then, you have the 5%, so you tell me what you need for it?” Amanda decided to just get the cards on the table.

Jane shifted in her seat now, not knowing how far to take it. She had briefed Steve on the train about the pre-briefing and said that Dave had only told her to go so far, basically as far as she had gone, but well, Amanda seamed so desperate for the 5% that Jane definitely thought that this was worth taking further. She knew Steve wouldn’t mind, they had fucked plenty of times and he knew what she was like, in fact he might enjoy what she had just thought of more than anybody.

“No worries Amanda, we might as well be open and honest. I have 5% so lets say I have five lots of 1% to give away to you, so that’s 5 things you need to do for me back, that sounds fair don’t you think?” Jane waited for an answer.

“I guess so,” Amanda knew it was about to go down hill quite quickly.

“So, lets go for the first 1% then shall we.”

Jane looked at Steve then looked back at Amanda.

“First of all, I want to see your tits, now.” Jane smiled, Steve gulped, and Amanda just nearly collapsed.

She was expecting some sort of inside track on the company, some new contracts in the future, or even to have to get some dirt on Dave, but she didn’t expect this.

“You want me to get my tits out for 1% extra discount?” Amanda tried to say without her voice shaking.

“Absolutely fucking correct Amanda, I am sure that’s not too difficult to understand is it?” Jane was starting to enjoy herself, and Amanda did have quite nice looking tits. She wasn’t that interested in women, but the power of making Amanda do what she wanted for a measly few extra points of discount was thrilling, and while Amanda was starting to get nervous, Jane’s pussy was starting to become wet, at the same time Steve’s cock was starting to become seriously hard.

Amanda sat there and thought about it. Get her tits out and get 1% extra discount to shove down Dave’s throat or get the piss taken out of her for weeks to come. Tits out or piss take? Ah fuck it she thought in an instant, nobody would believe she had done it anyway.

Without speaking again, Amanda started to undo her blouse; starting at the top and working down button by button, watching Jane and Steve stare at her for all they were worth. Amanda realised Jane didn’t think she would go through with it and Steve probably didn’t have a clue what the fuck was going on.

Amanda undid the last button and pulled the two sides of the red blouse open revealing her bra, a white one, cupped around her tits, a small amount of cleavage on show.

Jane and Steve just stared at her tits open mouthed.

Amanda reach to thee clasp between her breasts and undid it slowly, she was glad she had worn a front opening bra this morning.

She just opened it up, pulled the bra cups aside slowly and sat in front of her two suppliers, who she had only met 20 minutes ago with her tits on full display. Amanda knew her nipples had already hardened and she looked at both her guests.

“Is that OK for you Jane?” Amanda asked, “Is that what you wanted?” she was becoming a little annoyed at the situation.

Jane was still open mouthed and thinking of something to say. She had never expected Amanda to get her tits out for a second but now she had this was a different matter.

“Yes, that’s perfect Amanda, what do you think Steve, nice enough tits for 1% extra discount.”

Steve spoke for the first time.

“Fucking very nice tits,” Steve uttered, and then just shut up again.

“So, that’s 1% extra discount,” Amanda wasn’t asking, “So, what about the other 4%?”

Amanda didn’t move to cover her tits; in fact she pulled her blouse around her sides so that it didn’t hide them at all.

“Well, I guess the next 1% is going to be easy now Amanda, I want to see your fucking arse bent over this desk.”

Steve’s cock nearly jumped out of his trousers.

Amanda was just ready for anything and she guessed her pussy or her arse were going to be next on Jane’s list so she just stood up.

“Right then, fucking move your pads and pens out of the fucking way then.”

Jane and Steve grabbed their pads as Amanda walked around the side of the desk and lent forward. She had worn her beige suit today and the skirt was already way above the knee, slightly too high for work but she enjoyed wearing it. She had put on hold-ups today, it was too hot for tights, and she wore beige shoes to match.

She was only 5’ tall so the shoes were high and they made her calves strain when she bent over.

Amanda was leaning forward over the desk, her arse facing Jane and Steve and she looked over her shoulder at them.

“Well Jane, you want to see my arse so you can pull my fucking skirt up!”

Jane’s pussy jumped at the thought, Amanda was exceeding her expectations.

Steve looked across at Jane and nodded towards Amanda’s arse.

“Go on then, pull it fucking up,” he spoke again.

Jane leaned forward and looked Amanda in the eye, grabbing either side of the short skirt as she did so.

She started to pull the material up and over, first exposing Amanda’s thighs and the top of the hold-ups and then the white thong she had put on began to appear as the skirt got higher. Steve whistled out loud.

Jane continued to pull the skirt up until it was over Amanda’s arse. Amanda looked Jane directly in the eye and then opened her legs slightly, her cunt now visible around the small string of material. Amanda smiled, “Well, that’s another 1% then isn’t it?”

Jane was staring intently at Amanda’s arse, and her hand moved involuntarily and started to stroke it.

“Touching is an extra 1% Jane,” Amanda grabbed her hand and moved it away, “and you only have 3% more to give away so you better use it carefully.”

Jane was shocked now, she had just stroked Amanda’s arse, and she enjoyed it. Fucking hell, this was going to far, she had a customer, bent over a table in their own office, with her fucking arse and cunt on show and her tits out, and she had just fucking touched her.

“You are a dirty little fucking slut aren’t you Amanda,” Jane was on autopilot now, “Dave was fucking right.”

Amanda knew now what was going on, it was fucking Dave. But, fuck him, she thought, even if Jane told him what had happened, he would only be jealous that he wasn’t here to see it, so it was his fucking loss both ways round.

“Yeh, yeh,” Amanda wasn’t interested in Jane’s assessment, “you have 3% left to give away so lets get on with it shall we.”

Jane smiled again, Amanda was fucking feisty.

“Steve is a bit quiet today, but I think he’s enjoying himself, so perhaps you should wank him off Amanda, I think his cock is going to need it.”

Steve smiled like a fool, Amanda looked at him and smiled, and Jane looked at Amanda daring her to do it.

“Get your cock out then Steve, lets get this over with,” Amanda was in full flow now.

Steve was on his feet in a second, and Amanda moved from leaning over the table to sitting on the edge of it, her tits still on show, and her skirt up around her waist, her legs open so that her thong was on fully display. She rested a hand on her thigh, just on the skin above the hold up.

He undid his belt, and pulled his zip down as if there was a fire somewhere, and then yanked his trousers down exposing his rigid cock.

Amanda had seen bigger, and she had also seen plenty smaller, but she wasn’t here to fall in love with it or anything, she just had been told to wank it off, so that’s what she would do.

Steve wasn’t even that attractive, and she wouldn’t normally have touched him, but Jane had instructed her to wank him, so she had to fucking do it now.

Steve was standing in front of her like an eager puppy, his cock reaching directly out to Amanda, desperate to be touched.

Amanda looked at Jane and smiled, reaching out for the cock and finding it without looking directly at it. As she grabbed it in her hand she could feel it was warm, and very stiff but still she didn’t look at it, she just kept her focus on Jane as she started to wank it up and down.

“Is this Ok for you Jane,” her hand pumping at Steve’s cock, “is this worth another one percent?”

Jane had not been aware of what she was doing she had been watching Amanda that intently, and her hand had already reached inside her own jacket to her blouse and she was rubbing her nipples through it and her bra. She nodded at Amanda but didn’t speak.

Steve was breathing loudly now as Amanda wanked him, she wasn’t gripping him too tightly because she didn’t want him to cum too quickly or shoot his load over her arm.

Amanda spoke again first.

“Well, that’s 3% taken care of, only 2 to go now, so come on Jane, lets here the next thing.”

Jane’s hand was in her bra now, pulling at her own nipples as she thought.

She croaked the next words out as if she had trouble breathing.

“Let him fuck you over the desk!”

Amanda smiled outwardly, but inwardly didn’t want the fuckers cock inside her cunt. She didn’t really want to wank him but didn’t mind that, but having his cock inside her wasn’t a fucking ideal situation.

But, she needed the discount, and she wanted it so badly to tell Dave to fuck off that anything was worth doing.

She released his cock and walked around the table to face Jane, bending over and sticking her arse out.

“Come on then Steve, get your cock round here and fuck me, do as Jane says and be a good boy.”

Steve didn’t need asking twice and he was behind Amanda before she finished the sentence. Amanda bent over, her tits resting on the table and stared directly at Jane, and she smiled.

She didn’t concentrate on what Steve was doing so when his cock entered her cunt with some force she gasped for air. He didn’t just stick it, but rammed it in, and then started to fuck her with speed.

Amanda stared at Jane who now had a hand inside her own skirt and was obviously playing with her pussy.

“Was this it then Jane, Steve fucking me from behind while you watched, is this what you wanted?” all Amanda could feel was Steve fucking her hard from behind, his hands on her arse pulling her cunt onto his cock as he fucked her. God he was fucking her hard she thought, but all the time kept looking at Jane.

“Yes that’s perfect,” Jane whispered, “are you enjoying being fucked for a measly 1% extra discount you little fucking slut.”

Jane’s fingers were deep inside her own pussy as she stared at Amanda’s reddening face. She could see Steve behind concentrating on just fucking Amanda’s cunt and not caring what the hell else was going on in the room. He was having the sales call of his life.
