 The Night of the 2 Ex's

Have you ever had a girlfriend that hated your ex-wife? I am sure the answer to that is almost a unanimous "Yes" for most guys. I am no different. I was married to a wonderful woman (we will refer to as T for this story) for 8 years. We ended up divorced after having 2 children together and I was in a very committed, long-term relationship with an even more lovely lady (we will refer to her as J for this story) afterwards. So, to clarify, I was married to T for 8 years and I later dated J for almost 8 years, T - ex-wife and J - ex-girlfriend. 

I really won't bother explaining all the crazy shit that went on between them to make them despise one another but the list is long and involved. Both ladies played an active role in how the other one felt about them, and I am certain that most guys understand the situation and how tough it can be for a guy being forced to deal with them both in a respectful manner. One is the mother of my children and will literally be in my life in one way or another until my children are grown. The other I really hoped to spend the rest of my life with despite the constant struggle.

All that is to lead up to one extremely special night when the Gods decided to bless me with some sort of mind-control and make the impossible, possible. But, before we talk specifically about the single greatest night of my life, I need to give you more background on both. T was never super exciting when she was with me. I mean we met when I was maybe twenty and she was the first real relationship I had. The sex was good but, in all honesty, I didn't have a lot to compare it to. I didn't date around a ton and I never slept with many women before we were together. She gave decent head, enjoyed anal on those special occasions, was in decent shape, had a great body, tasted incredible and did enough to keep me loyal and happy. J was on a whole different level! She came after I applied dozens of band aids (girls I slept with trying to ease the pain of my divorce) so I had tons of experiences and references when I met her. She was the best at everything you can imagine. She gave incredible head and had no gag reflex. Would let me cum down her throat or on her face and always was eager for either. She almost preferred anal and it was never off the table. Her body was/is perfect for me with the exact right curves, muscle tone, softness and skin. I couldn't get enough of tasting her. I would kiss her just to taste her lips, suck on every inch of her body to taste her skin and eat her perfect pussy anytime she wanted or would let me. She was MY girl and I had never been happier! 

J was also submissive. This wasn't new to me, but she did things that no woman ever would let me do. She would literally curse about my ex-wife and then ask me to make love to her while calling her by T's name. She would roleplay her sister, her mother, my daughter, my ex's or anyone I wanted, or she even suspected I wanted. We played with others as our boundaries moved and I had fucked her best friends, girls we met out and she would convince to come home with us and girls she would invite over to surprise me. I returned as many favors as I got and we both likely will never have sex on the same levels no matter who we end up with now. This has always been a huge part of my spank-bank when she was not around and plays a part in this story.

So fast forward to the night I died and went to heaven. J and T ended up at the same bar somehow with their respective friends. As girls do, they likely mean mugged one another all night and it eventually led to a near cat-fight in the middle of the bar. T was yelling about how I never got over her and how I loved her all the while I was dating J (which is not true, but women try to hurt one another). J was telling her how she was a low-life who couldn't let go because without me T would realize that nobody ever cared for her. This must have escalated and apparently T screamed how she was going to come to my house and fuck me just to show J she could do it. J must have told her to have at it as her and I were no longer together anymore. They eventually got pulled apart and security walked them each to their respective vehicles. 

Now I only live about a mile from that bar and so as security ushered T to leave first and made J wait for a few minutes so that there was no road rage kind of incident, they made a critical error. This bar is within eyesight of the main road. BOTH girls would take a left to get home. But... If you take a right, I live about a mile down the road. T knew J could see and so when she got to the corner, she turned right. I didn't have to be in the parking lot to know that J must have come unglued seeing her turn toward my house. No doubt in my mind security kept her an additional few minutes trying to avert a coming disaster.

Someone was pounding on my door and I came into the living room wearing some sweatpants. I had just got in bed after taking a shower and had yet to even fall asleep. The banging continued until I opened the door. It was T. I asked what she was doing and she asked if she could come in. I had no idea about what had taken place at the bar so I invited her in and left the font door open with just the glass storm door closed. I turned on the light and my ex-wife began asking me some strange questions. Did I still find her attractive? Did I still think about her? Stuff like that. I saw this as an opportunity to take out some anger issues over her part in my recent breakup. I asked her what she wanted and why she was here. When she didn't say anything, I disappeared in the bedroom for maybe 30 seconds, just long enough to slip my metal cockring on and returned. When I came back in the room, I went straight for her. I grabbed her by the arms and walked her rapidly backwards until she hit the wall. She gasped and I kissed her passionately.

She immediately returned my kiss and her hand shot down my sweats to grab my growing cock. I was excited. I just lost my soulmate for being accused of banging my ex-wife and I was angry at her for playing along when she knew the truth. This was my opportunity to make her pay and I was going to fuck the shit out of her. I pushed her down to the floor and pulled my sweats down to my thighs. She looked up at me almost scared and I forced my cock deep into the back of her throat. She gagged and fought me. I persisted!

"Are you fucking kidding me?" 

I heard the words before I realized anyone else was in the room. I snapped my head around and saw J standing just inside my door. She saw my cock down T's throat and despite only seconds before, pushing to get me to back away, T now came forward off the wall as I attempted to pull free. She wrapped her arms around my thighs and slurped on my hard on as I looked down, nearly falling over. Her eyes were locked on J however and she let my cock out long enough to say, "See, I told you I was going to fuck him."

J looked at me and turned to walk out the door. I looked at T and grabbed her hair as tightly in my hand as I could, pulling her mouth back off my cock and looked at her with pure punishment in my eyes. "Don't fucking go anywhere" I managed as I pulled up my sweats and ran out after J. 

I caught her just as she reached for her door. I stepped up and she immediately turned to slap me. I was pissed at T, I was pissed at J and I was pissed at myself. Her hand struck me with way more force than either of us anticipated. I stopped in my tracks and my desire to explain thee situation evaporated. She froze because she knew she had struck me way harder than I would normally allow and that something had changed. I looked around and no one was out in thee neighborhood. My eyes slowly returned to J's and she stood there hurt, scared and clearly not sure what to expect from me. 

I grabbed her hand, looked in her eyes and in a voice that did not leave room for any objections, I told her to come with me. She complied either out of regret for striking me so hard or out of fear of what she saw in my eyes. I walked her back inside and past T still standing there smiling like a complete bitch. I pushed J back onto my couch and returned to T. Her smile faded when she looked me in the eyes. I leaned in and whispered in her ear, "Now you don't have a choice."

I was done with their petty antics and I was at the point where I didn't care. I walked over and clicked the fireplace on. The flame came up as I clicked the main light out and the room went dark except for the soft glow from the flame. There was light from the kitchen but it was very low level. I forced T to sit on the ottoman facing the fireplace. I walked over to J and leaned in to her. She was still very unsure of what was happening. I whispered, like I had many times before, "If I hear the safe word, you are done." Her mouth fell open and her looked went from confusion to anger. I grabbed her by the face and forcefully told her she wasn't going anywhere. 

I stood, my eyes on her the whole time and made my way back to T. She was sitting like a scorned child. I pulled my cock out and told her to resume sucking it. J's head tilted ever so slightly, and I pointed at her to keep quiet. I looked down at T and screamed "Now!" She jumped and immediately leaned in to timidly suck my cock into her mouth. I grabbed her face and asked her what she was doing. "Like before! Like you have wanted to for so long. You wanted to rub it in her face, well, she is right fucking there, watching you. Suck my fucking cock like you are going to show her." 

T began to suck my cock with more enthusiasm and I let my hand guide her long deep strokes. She had learned a thing or two, but she still couldn't take it all the way without an involuntary spasm in the back of her throat. She started to show me that she wanted to do it and she took the lead. I let go of her head and she gripped my hips as she really sucked my cock better than I can ever remember her doing before. She would go until she pulled free and gasped for air. Her eyes would look up at me and be filled with tears but she continued, hungrily. Then, I saw it. She looked sideways at J and I realized she thought she was performing in front of a crowd. 

I pulled free and as she panted and looked directly over at J, I leaned in and tasted my sweet precum on her lips. I noticed that even as I kissed her, she never took her competition gaze off J. I stepped over to J, "Your turn." She smiled at T and reached out for my cock with her hand. She stroked it a few times and then her eyes turned to mine. She sucked me into her mouth and never stopped. She forced my cock as deep down her throat as she could and just bobbed on it for a few seconds. She slowly released me and did it several more times, never taking her eyes off me. Those old familiar words came flooding out, "Good girl J. Such a good girl." As the words came out, I turned to look at T and she was sitting there with a face that just looked like someone had slapped her face. I turned my body just to make sure she could see fully from the side how deep J took me and how much she loved it in her throat. She watched for second then her glance fell away. I pulled free from J and leaned in to kiss her passionately. I have always loved kissing her as she gave me head and it was oh so sweet to take her lips again. 

Turning to T, I took her hand, pulling her to her feet. I worked her out of her clothes and pulled the ottoman out of the way. I had her lay back on my L-shaped couch so that her head was near J but J could still see my face. I slowly, without taking my eyes off J's, leaned in and sucked T's sweet pussy into my mouth. She closed her eyes and moaned. I forgot how good it tasted and I soon found myself doing all the things I loved with my tongue. I was reminded that this is the one area that physically T can compete with J. They two best tasting women I have ever had in my life and I was enjoying eating one that I had not tasted in years. I sucked and kissed her lips, inner thighs and buried my tongue as deep inside her as I could reach. She squirmed and her hand wrapped themselves in my short dark hair. She pulled at me and guided me to her favorite places. She was telling me how she liked it as if we were the only two in the room. I fingered her as I tasted her, and I am aware I spent more time doing this than I had intended. My cock was throbbing from eating this pussy after waiting so long. 

I pulled my tongue from inside her and she looked down at me. I moved up and kissed her full on the mouth. My lips, tongue and chin were saturated with her juices and she passionately lapped it all up. My hands moved to J even as I finished up my kiss with T. I pulled her down onto the couch and I took my fingers that had only second earlier been buried in my ex-wife's pussy and I moved them to J's gaping mouth. She turned her head in defiance. I let this small act go and moved to taste her. She was incredibly wet. Despite the fact that I had just tongue-fucked her worst enemy, she was extremely turned on. I knew what I was going to do soon and I enjoyed tasting her nectar. She grabbed and clutched at the pillows on the couch as she, unlike my ex-wife, came time and time again on my tongue. I slid my fingers inside her and I noticed she reached out to grab something to steady herself. She found my ex-wife's arm. J clutched at T's wrist and T gave in. She reached over with her other hand and took J's hand in her own. J looked up at her and their eyes met for the first time without hatred in them since any of us could remember. I pulled at the front wall of her vagina and her eyes closed. 

I watched as T watched her reaction to my ever move. I could see that she was seeing her completely differently now. I licked and sucked J until she shuddered through another orgasm and I rapidly moved up to T and before she could even think of resisting, I grabbed her by the chin and kissed her with J's juices all over me. She pulled back initially but I fought her and she gave in. Her tongue lapped at the juices from what had, only minutes before, been her biggest rival in the world. 

Once she was satisfied, I turned her head and moved around behind her. I whispered in her ear, "Do exactly what I tell you to do." She nodded. "Grab J by the back of her head and pull her to your pussy." She shook her head in the feeblest form of resistance. I repeated myself and she hesitated but this time there was no shaking of the head. I slowly spoke the words almost individually into her ear and she pulled J's head toward her. J resisted and I locked eyes with her. She immediately, slowly began moving toward the direction T guided her. Her eyes were on me the whole time. Her mouth was there but she again refused to feed on my gift to her. I slid my hands down T's body to her inner thighs. I leaned her back into me and pulled at her thighs so that her legs came up, fully exposing her pretty pink pussy to my former lover. J opened her mouth and closed her eyes. With one taste she turned into a starving lesbian. Her eyes never met mine again while she was down there. I turned T's head and made out with her over her shoulder. I sucked on her tongue and felt her moan and gasp as J did a far better job than I ever could on her. Before long, she had to stop kissing me so she could give direction to J. I was in awe. She never told me the things she spoke to J and I leaned to the side and slid her arm around me so I could suck on her erect nipple as she moved J to all the perfect places. J worked her fingers inside her and tongued her better than clearly anyone from her past was able to do. Then I felt her. Her breathing was so fast and she could barely speak. She repeated over and over, "Right there. Right there. Right there." She moaned long and then her body began to shake, uncontrollably as she reached her first orgasm. J had accomplished something I could never do. She got T off with her mouth and fingers. 

Once she stopped shaking, J was looking up at her and smiling. T couldn't explain why, but she lifted J up to her lips and kissed her own juices off J's lips and tongue. It was the hottest thing I have ever seen. Then, looking over at me, and with more emotion than I ever imagined, J asked me to fuck T for her. I looked at T and she just nodded. I stood up and grabbed them both by the hand. I walked them to the bedroom and lit a few candles. I pulled a low comfortable chair over near the bed and sat J back in it. I reached into a nearby drawer and handed her a new vibrator I had ordered a few weeks ago based solely on the idea that I thought she would like it. She thanked me.

I lay T back on thee bed and couldn't resist another quick taste of her dripping wet pussy. Then, I lifted her legs up over my shoulders and sank my throbbing cock into my ex-wife's tight little pussy. She let out a soft, "Oh... My... God..." I slowly began rocking long deliberate strokes into her. Our eyes were locked, and she called out my name. She talked more than I can ever remember but I know it was 100% for J's benefit and not my own. I moved her into several positions, all giving J a different view and all while smiling at her. Then I noticed something that she had been doing since we got in the bedroom that I didn't realize at first. She was telling me what to do. I knew I had lost the power I had early on. J had taken over. Whenever we had women over in the past, she was always in control. She would let the women think I was, but she was the one pulling my strings. I was glad I noticed this because I guarantee it helped me hold off for an additional few minutes. 

I looked at J and she knew that I knew. She nodded at me and I knew what she was telling me. I turned T over on her back, I pushed her knees into her chest and I fucked her hard, deep and fast. She cried out and begged me to fuck her. J encouraged me and started asking T where she wanted me to cum. God I wanted to cum in this bitches face for all the bullshit she had caused me. I knew she didn't like it and I just wanted to go one step further and humiliate her. J pried, "Want him to cum inside you? In your mouth? Where T?" She finally answered and told me to cum inside her. I looked pleadingly at J. 

"Be a good boy for me baby and fill your ex-wife's pussy with your cum." Okay, I couldn't get past the way she said it, I fucking came instantly! I clutched at the bed and grabbed her thighs in an effort to keep her still. I get super sensitive when I orgasm and I tried kissing her to get through it. My stomach muscles seized up and my cock could feel every part of her on me. I savored the pain and the pleasure and I shot the biggest load I can remember inside my sexy ex-wife as she hugged me tight and pulled me into her as deep as she could. She began whispering in my ear and I can't even remember what the fuck she was saying. 

Finally, my weight relaxed, and I tried to catch my breath. J was laughing at me and telling me what an excellent job I had done. She moved to the bed as T got up to go to the bathroom. J kissed me softly, slowly, passionately and my arms immediately hugged her tighter than I can ever remember. T walked out of the bathroom and neither of us paid her any attention. She started to lay down on the bed and J put her hands up, "No, you are done. Go get dressed and see us before you leave." T looked confused but did as she was told. When she came back in, J was laying on top of me and we were gazing into each other's eyes talking about how much we missed being here. T announced that she was leaving. J got up and walked her to the door. I asked what was said but she just smiled and refused to tell me. At that point, who was I to question anything? 

I woke up the next morning and J was still there. I pulled her tight and breathed in the smell of her hair. Her body still matched perfectly with mine in this position and I could feel the urge begin to rise within me.