 It was late Saturday afternoon, when Amanda decided to go into town to meet her friend Jenn. Usually, Jenn likes to relax at the pub around the corner from her flat, so they decided to meet there for drinks. Amanda woke up that day with some strong urges from deep between her legs that she just couldn't rid herself of and had no potential buddies to take care of her need. It didn't help that she decided to be girly and wear her hot lemon dress. The dress is so light and airy it makes her feel beautiful and radiant in it. She loves it because it is so sexy and the color brings out her red hair, hazel eyes, and creamy skin. She was desperately in need of some attention and this dress definitely does the trick. Perhaps, Jenn could help her find a boy to play with tonight. 

Feeling sexy, she enjoys moments of connecting with people through their eyes and smiles. Smiling all the way she was able to enjoy little moments of attention as she headed towards the train. Boarding, her lovely dress got caught up in a bit of an updraft that provided a great view of her thighs and those lucky enough to be sitting, a quick view of her soft white knickers. She started to blush but quickly found a seat next to a handsome gentlemen, who judging by his smile, had enjoyed the view. That blush soon found its way down to her soft folds as she looked into the eyes of some of her other admirers. Her seat happened to be one that faced the rest of the train, so every time she adjusted her legs she was noticed by the rest of the car. She had some comfort as the person directly across from her was this beautiful, curvy woman with a great smile. Amanda watched as the lady's eyes traveled the length of her body. The lady was particularly interested in where Amanda's thighs met her skirt. Having never thought of a woman that way, she was surprised at starting to get turned on by the lady's reaction to her. She liked turning people on. 

Finally, she arrived at her station and made her way to the pub. Upon entering, she noticed three boys sitting together at a table towards the back. They were very cute and seemed to be having a lively conversation. Amanda ordered a pint and sat at a table close by where she could watch them. She phoned Jenn again to see when she was going to get there. Jenn said she was stuck in the outskirts of town but was trying to make it here quickly. 

A few minutes has passed, James, from the group of three, asked if she would like to join them. 

She said she was waiting on a friend but would like to a little later. 

He said, "Great, we would love that, see you later." 

She then got a text from Jenn that said, she wasn't going to make it until much later, but that she could stay at her flat rather than going home that night. 

So disappointed, Amanda replied, "Fine, see you later." Jenn was her courage, her throw caution to the wind girl. She knew Jenn would walk right over to the guys and join in with them. Amanda wasn't like that, but she was wearing her "tease" them dress, and has been moist between the legs all day! In the flat there would be nobody and she would have to succumb to her hand. At least if she went to the table, she would have a one-in-three chance of a least getting a kiss before the night was through. As she made her way to the table, the boys' eyes where all on her as they began to smile and become very welcoming towards her. Since they were toward the back of the pub, all the lighting was behind her, so while she walked and passed the last bank of lights, the sexiest feature of the lemon dress was revealed. When the dress caught the light and began to glow, her legs were now clearly visible under the light material, and just before she got to the table the boys could see the hot triangle of her knickers. As she arrived she asked "mind if I join you?" 

"Of Course not, please" they said and pulled out a chair. 

Things were going well, James introduced Paul and Ben, who were all long time friends. The pint was getting to Amanda and she was feeling very comfortable and loose. The conversation eventually turned to sex, they all moved in closer together as the tone got steamier. James grabbed Amanda around her waist and pulled her onto his lap. It felt so good, she moved in as close to his crotch as she could get. The boys announced that they were the best kissers, and turned to Amanda to be the judge. 

Despite her protesting, James said to start with him and the next moment his mouth met hers with all the passion he could give. She closed her eyes, caressed his arms and only release his lips because Paul insisted that was weak. Still on James lap, she turned towards Paul but as she did she moved from his lap to straddling his thigh. She had been waiting for some attention in that spot all day so as she straddled she began to rub back and forth. It was very subtle but James knew what she was doing. He held onto her hips and gently guided her over his leg. Starting to feel unsteady, she grabbed onto James's thigh. There she could feel his cock growing in his jeans as she leaned forward to greet Paul. 

Paul was waiting, instinctively, he reached out his hand to support her but ended up with it against her breasts instead of her ribs. She didn't protest so he left it there as they began their kiss. It was deep and passionate as well, and the hand on her tits were starting to move as the kissed deepen. She wanted more so she didn't break the kiss and Paul was getting braver with his fondling. 

Ben finally stepped in and said that it was his turn. Amanda still riding James's thigh, took her time facing the other way to greet Ben. Paul looked down and was admiring little peeks of those soft knickers as she turned.

As Ben leaned in for his kiss, he placed his hands on her thighs, opening her mouth with his tongue he began his kiss. As the kiss went proceeded, he noticed that she would kiss him harder the closer his hands got to her skirt. She hadn't broken the kiss when he reached her hem, so he proceeded slowly ahead until he reached her most inner thighs. Amanda squeaked and finally broke the kiss. 

They all said simultaneously, "Well, who did you enjoy most?" She was now really horny from the attention and decided to take the next step. It was something that she had thought about before, even masturbated too, but could never find the right situation to act on until now. She wanted all three of them to fill her and she wanted to be the center of their collective lust. She said as coyly as she could, "Well, all three of you have some very good skills, but I think I will need to do a little more testing. Would you all like another chance?" They all nodded without saying a word. It was perfect arrangement, they were hot, she would most likely never ever see them again, and looking down between their legs, they were ready as well. 

They decided they couldn't stay at the pub, Amanda recommended Jenn's place, after all she was going to be late. They left quickly arm in arm and practically ran around the corner to get at each other. Jenn's apartment was up two flights of stairs, the boys decided their princess shouldn't walk up. All three lifted her up on their shoulders. Paul was the closest to her face, he kissed her the entire way up, rubbing her tits as they climbed. James had her middle and now had both hands on her ass. He grabbed her cheeks hard and was letting his fingers slide into her knickers. Her skirt was up above her waist at this point. Ben was looking up her sweet thighs leading up to her ass. He decided he needed a better view and put a leg on each side of his head. He held her with one arm and slid his middle finger up and down the crease of her soaking wet lips. By the time they reached Jenn's door, he almost had his finger pushed inside. 

Once inside, the boys pulled Amanda's clothes off of her. Releasing her bra was wondrous, those milky white tits with perfect red cherries for nipples were attracting all of their hands. She said she needed to see their cocks immediately, they eagerly complied to her wishes. She found a chair and told James to stand on it. That put his thick cock right at mouth level for her. She hungrily sucked and licked him until she could get him deep inside her mouth. Paul was grabbing, tugging, and sucking her full breasts. Ben is sitting between her legs sucking her sweet wet clit, with a finger inside her pussy moving in and out of her. She had a cock in her mouth, one on her hip, one against her foot, and a finger moving quickly inside her. She wanted to scream with desire as she had James's firm ass in one hand, using it to pull him into her. The other hand held the back of Bens head, she was thrusting his face against her soft mound. Suddenly her knees began to buckle, she grabbed her boys as hard as she could and exploded on Bens face. James feeling her shudder had an orgasm of his own and was filling up Amanda's mouth. He held her red hair and pulled hard as he pumped the last of his load into her. 

She needed someone inside her, Paul picked up her petite frame in his arms and carried her to the couch. He placed her on the edge, knelt before her and guided the head of his pulsating cock toward her tight opening. He slid inside and slowly pushed it in until he couldn't push anymore, she could feel the full length of his cock. She began moaning immediately, her other studs quickly joined her on the couch. Ben leaned in to kissed her pretty mouth and held her head in his hands. He then rose up and offered his cock for her mouth. She looked at Paul and pleaded for him to fuck faster, as she took Ben in her mouth. James sat by caressing her body, feeling it jolt with every thrust of his friends. Seeing her suck Ben was bringing his cock back to life. Amanda reached down and tugged him till he was ready to go again. She closed her eyes and felt a cock ravishing her pussy, one pushing down her throat and one in her hand. This was all she dreamt it would be, she was being fucked hard by three boys who were turned on by her sexy dress and smile. 

Wanting more, Paul lifted her up off the couch and wrapped her legs around him. Still deep inside her dripping desire, he carried her to the bedroom and placed her on the corner of her bed. He picked up the pace again and was driving hard into her wanton body. Her other studs decided they wanted to see their sexy girl look like a slut. They each grabbed an ankle and spread her legs as far as they could go. Each had a tit in their hand and began to pinch her nipples. Amanda went wild with her moans and reached out to grab a cock in each hand. She encouraged Paul to cum and fill her up. "Come on baby, give me your beautiful dick, harder, harder, OOOOH OH YEAH, YYYYES, YES!" By the third yes, she had her request filled as he pulsed his warm cum into her tight lips. She tried to hold onto his cock but she was soaked. Paul stayed in a while longer and gently rocked, spreading his cum and her abundant juices over her lips and ass. 

Ben wanted things a little slower. He pulled her up to the top of the bed where she closed her eyes trying to take in all that she had done. He slid down her body and began to lick her clean. He spread her lips with his fingers and drove his tongue inside. He flicked her clitoris till her hips began to move again, then gave her a slow deliberate hard suck. Her moaning was getting louder when he slipped a finger into her beautiful round bum. She hadn't really played there before, but with his sucking it felt so good. She actually was starting to push down to get him deeper. James and Paul decided to keep her hands and mouth busy while Ben worked. They had both of their cocks in her face as she took turns sucking them. Ben had the touch between her legs, she was so hot, she arched her back and squeezed Ben's head and gave him more to clean up. 

Ben released his hold on her clit long enough to lay beside her, he whispered in her ear, "Climb on top." 

She got on and he guided himself into her soft pussy. They kissed passionately and Amanda got a good taste of her sex on Ben's lips. Ben was at a rhythm that allowed her to rock back and forth on top of him, while he was holding her sweet bum in his hands. She was having a great ride and ready for another cock, she motioned James to lay next to her. He obliged and then moved up the bed, here she could suck him while getting fucked. Paul had climbed between the lovers legs and began kissing Amanda's bum. He found her soft opening and slid his tongue inside. She started to move more quickly, feeling her excitement he gently used his a finger and then two. 

Amanda was definitely in another place, she was reeling from all the attention as her hips and mouth were moving out of control. When all of sudden, she felt a sharp pain in her bum. While she was moving, Paul had managed to get his cock in her and was starting to move. Amanda went completely still and said, "wait, wait, wait" until she open her mouth and let out, "Aaaaagggghhhhh!" and began to move once again. Her studs were now pumping her in every hole possible. She hadn't thought that if she had three guys that they would need to be serviced all at once. She forgot to do the math, she hadn't considered anal and now she was all in and fucking madly. Her hips and mouth were on fire, she could feel her pussy pulsating out of control and began to shake with all her being. She pumped and sucked so hard she couldn't tell if she had several orgasms or one very long explosion. 

Her boys still pumping madly as Paul soaked her, they hadn't noticed that Jenn had made it home. 

Standing in the door she asked, "What the hell is gong on here!" 

Shocked James stood up and said, "Well, well, ah... hello" when Amanda finally peeked around and said, "Oh! Hi Jenn. This is James and I am sure he will be happy to meet you" 

Paul who was spent just laid down in the middle of the bed and just lifted his hand and said, "I'm Paul." 

Jenn finally broke a smile and looked at James's cock and said, "I'm pleased to meet you as well." 

Ben, having been interrupted, gave a few more strokes and filled up Amanda's lovely cup. 

James still with some to give, stripped Jenn and lead her to the open spot in her large bed. They made passionate love as the others watched, sandwiched together like old friends. 

When they got up the next day, they were all ready for another round, but that is a story for later...