 (Sorry it took a bit of time posting this update. I hope you enjoy it, S)

------

"Time for some fun," I said to Chien Lee.

The beautiful blond who was tonight's entertainment, lay face down on the couch smiling. Barbara, aka Fuckmeat, had just been ravaged to back to back orgasm with multiple hard dicks, taken in both her pussy and her mouth, sometimes both at once.

The five guys who had given her those orgasms were Fred and Rick, my two coworkers and friends, along with Chien Lee's three assistants. The Boys were over at the bar getting themselves drinks. Fred, Rick and the Chinese I'd privately nick named Young were naked. The other two, who I'd named Short and Dumpy still had their clothing on, though their shirts were open.

Barbara had sucked both of their cocks until each had shot their loads down her throat. Rick too. Young she had both sucked and had let him fuck her. Fred, ever eager Fred had fucked her but not to finish. All in all, a very satisfying start to a utterly decedent evening.

Yes, she lay there with a happy grin on her face clearly enjoying the afterglow.

Thing was, we were playing the domination game tonight as well as the total slut game, and Barbara had forgotten to ask permission to get thoroughly fucked like that, of her Master of the Evening and other occupant of the room besides me, Chien Lee.

That meant punishment.

Its the way the Game is played. The tension between pleasure and pain. Reward and punishment. While I'd know a few submissive partners who screwed up on purpose just to enjoy getting spanked, I was willing to bet Barbara had not done it intentionally. She had just been caught up in the action. Didn't mean I would cut her any slack. I walked slowly over to the couch, pulling my belt from my pants.

Barbara lay there with her eyes closed and that big grin still on her face. Her arms were tied behind her back at the elbows and the short white skirt she wore pushed up around her waist. The height of the couch made her ass stick up in the air, an inviting target.

I hit it with my belt. She yelped, her eyes snapping open. I hit her ass again, hard, then knelt.

"Did we forget something, Fuckmeat?" I asked.

She stared up at me, confused.

I wrapped my fingers into her hair and pulled.

"Did you ask if you could cum?" I pulled her body off the couch a few inches. "Did you, Fuckmeat?"

"No... no Sir," she stammered.

"And what happens to sluts who don't ask?"

"They...they get spanked, Sir."

I let her hair go and she fell back onto the couch.

"Yes, they do, Fuckmeat" I growled.

"Get up, slut." I ordered. "Get up!"

Barbara tried to sit up but the way her arms were tied and how she was laying, prevented her. She just couldn't get the leverage she needed. I hit her ass with the belt again as she struggled. Watching her wiggle there made me smile. I hit her ass three more times before I relented and grabbing her again by the hair, pulled her roughly up into a sitting position. I stepped to the side. My kinky blond had an excited look in her eyes from the spanking and probably from the erotic thoughts of what was to yet to come. Clearly she was back in the Game.

"And what should sluts do, Fuckmeat?" I asked, swinging the belt slowly. "When they forget their place?"

"They should ask forgiveness." Barbara grinned, then dropped her gaze. "I'm sorry, Sir..."

I let go of her hair and stepped back.

"It's not me you need to ask."

If you've never had the chance to watch a nearly naked woman, freshly fucked, crawl on her knees, all I can say is, 'Damned, Its Hot!' Especially given that her arms were tied behind her back and she had a set of angel wings on. It took her nearly a minute to shuffle the twenty feet or so to where Chien Lee was sitting. She was breathing heavy when she was done.

Barbara arranged herself between Chien Lee's open legs, her naked breast almost touching him. She bowed her head in contrition at her lapse which put her face right over his crotch.

"Master, this slut is sorry for letting them fuck her without your permission," she murmured. "She is sorry for cumming."

He just sat there looking at her for long moments. The wait for his response dragged on and on. Even I started to wonder.

Chein Lee looked up at me and smiled.

"Throw this disobedient bitch out into the hallway," he ordered. "Let's see if she can't learn to behave after the rest of the hotel sees what a slut she is."

Hohohoho, I silently laughed. He'd hit the one button Barbara was afraid of.

Exposure!

She looked suddenly around, confusion clearly on her face. I signaled and Rick and Fred came over. The three of us picked her bound body up and carried it to the door. Barbara was so shocked by the turn of events, she didn't say a word as I opened the door. Shock turned to fright as my two coworkers dragged her naked body outside and dropped it, face down, there in the hallway.

"Wait! Don't lea..." she finally yelled, just as I closed the door, cutting off anything else she was saying.

Rick and Fred were grinning but the three Chinese looked confused.

"Oh, that was fucking evil!" I exclaimed.

Chien Lee just smiled, sitting in his chair.

I looked out through the peephole in the door. Barbara was struggling with little success to get up. The rope around her arms and the fact she was face down on the floor made it next to impossible to rise. Even then, what if she could stand? She was naked and tied up in public with nowhere to go that she wouldn't be seen. I could see her speaking but couldn't make out she was saying. The door was thick.

As the moments stretched out, I could see her getting nervous. I knew Barbara had to be thinking of the scandal soon to come, if we didn't come back.

If we just left her there...

"Rick, keep an eye out." I said, indicating the peep hole. "Anyone shows up, and we'll go get her."

I walked over to Chien Lee and held my hand up for a 'high five'. He slapped it, grinning broadly.

"How long do you want to leave her out there?" I asked.

"Give her five or ten minutes," he replied.

-----

"We've got someone coming off the elevator," Rick said.

I waved him out of the way, peeking through to the hallway outside.

It was a woman.

Brunette, youngish, kind of thin, almost cute. I pegged her as someone's secretary or assistant from the way she was understatedly dressed. That and she still had her convention name tag stuck to the pocket of her blouse. She must have stepped out of the elevator and froze, stopped by the unexpected sight of a nearly naked woman laying on the floor in front of her.

Barbara had turned her head away when the elevator had chimed it's arrival, no doubt embarrassed at being seen this way by someone else. True, the skirt covered her ass and the angel wings, her back, but it was clear she was naked except for that.

And then there was the whole "she's tied up" thing...

The brunette just stood there staring and the elevator door closed behind her.

Ever see a squirrel freeze in the middle of the road as your headlights wash over it? That's the look the brunette had when I opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. She took a half step back and clutched her purse to her chest.

"She's being punished," I said.

Walking forward, I tapped Barbara with the tip of my shoe.

"Isn't that right, Fuckmeat?"

The answer was faint but clearly heard by both of us.

"Yes Sir," Barbara gasped. "I've been bad."

The brunette was clearly scared but she didn't run. Kneeling, I ran my hand across Barbara's skirt covered ass then gave it a light spank.

"Have you ever been bad?" I asked the brunette.

She visibly shivered.

"This one's been bad." I said. "Very bad."

I slide my finger between Barbara's legs and under the hem of the skirt, then lower until my finger just touched her pussy. The horny blond on the floor groaned and her ass involuntarily raised itself, seeking more penetration. With the brunette watched, I slowly pushed my finger into the moist warm folds. Barbara moaned, her enjoyment of my actions obvious. I finger fucked her for several moments then stood.

Smiling, I held my wet finger up for the brunette to see.

"Have you ever been bad?" I asked her again.

Eyes wide and mouth slightly open, she shook her head slowly.

"Rick, Fred..." I called.

My two coworkers stepped into the hallway, naked both, sporting stiff hard-ons.

Tapping Barbara with my foot again, I said. "Drag this slut back inside."

They each grabbed an arm and carried the bound blond through the open door. That left me and my guest. I licked my wet finger once. Her eyes got bigger.

"You can come watch," I offered, walking slowly over to her.

The brunette stared and stared at the open door through which Barbara had been carried.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Suzie," she whispered. "Suzie Wilson."

Now that I was near her, I guessed that the brunette was probably in her early twenties. She was wearing a light blue blouse, buttoned to the collar, a dark blue skirt, knee length, and flats not heels. Clutching her handbag to her chest, it was hard to tell but she looked like she had a decent set of breasts. Thin yet clearly feminine. Her brown hair hung down past her shoulders and was pulled back in a ponytail by one of those elastic scrunchy things women use to hold their hair now. All in all, kind of cute in a innocent way.

"Suzie," I asked. "Would you like to watch us fuck her?"

The elevator interrupted us, with a ping. We both stood there silently as the door opened and an older couple stepped out. I nodded a greeting to them as they walked passed us and went off down the hall. The open elevator door offered Suzie a way out.

If she wanted it.

The elevator door closed, unoccupied.

I put my hand softly on Suzie's arm and lead her into our room.

-----

Fred and Rick had dumped Barbara in front of Chien Lee. She lay there unmoving as the young brunette and I stepped into the room.

"Wait here." I whispered to her, closing the door.

Going to the bar, I grabbed one of the barstools there and carried it to the hallway of the door. I set it down against the wall and helped Suzie to sit. From there she could see the action yet feel safe.

"The door is behind you," I said, softly. "And you're free to leave at anytime."

"Get up slut!" Chien Lee ordered.

Barbara slowly got onto her knees, her head down, an almost frightened look on her face. Throwing her out into the hall had to have been a hell of a shock. We'd left her out there almost the full ten minutes, which had to have seemed like hours to Barbara. What chaotic thoughts had been going through her mind as she lay out there all alone.

And then to have someone find her!

It had all been just a fun game while the Boys had fucked her earlier. Even me spanking her hadn't pressed the limits but Chien Lee's actions had to have her wondering how far this night would go. We had an informal understanding, that she could back out at anytime. Barbara had to be thinking seriously now about leaving, and wondering if I would let her.

What would she do if I didn't?

Chien Lee stood and opened his pants.

Suzie gave a small gasp next to me. Even I was impressed. Damned he had a big cock! I might have a bit on him in length but he was clearly thicker. Barbara was going to have a real challenge with that dick.

"I expect you to swallow this to the root," he ordered, waving his big stiff cock in Barbara's face.

She gave a small nod and opened her mouth.

"All the way to the balls, Fuckmeat." Chien Lee said.

-----

I don't know, maybe there's a part of me that's voyeuristic. OK, a big part! Standing there watching Barbara try to deep throat Chien Lee's massive cock was just so fucking hot.

She was hampered by the way her hands where bound behind her back and he wasn't really helping her at it, wiggling his hips whenever her mouth lost his cock, but she tried. Chien Lee would laugh, having sport while she tried to get her mouth back on his cock. Each time it alluded her, she'd redouble her effort until she eventually manage to get it back in her mouth, then she'd go back to sucking it with great vigor.

She was a woman on a mission.

Me, Rick and Fred had fucked a few willing co-eds in our time to utter sluthood, but Barbara made those girls look like rank amateurs. I felt my cock grow stiff, just watching her. Barbara tried hard to do as she had been ordered by Chien Lee and bit by bit, she managed to force her eager mouth down the stiff hard length of his cock.

I wondered then, as I watched him degrade her, whether I had made a mistake. I didn't honestly know how far he'd take her domination. I had to hope he had some limits but if it came down to the choice of him or her, I wasn't sure who I'd choose.

And something else, glancing at the innocent brunette perched on the bar stool at my side. I had dragged one more into this kinky playpen of mine tonight. Was I ready to corrupt yet another woman for my pleasure?

Chien Lee apparently decided to stop playing, for he dropped his hands to Barbara's head, twisting his hands into her hair. He began to help, each time her mouth reached it's deepest point, he would pull. My horny blond would sputter and gag when that happened but showed no sign of refusing. Tears started to drip from the corners of her eyes, her mascara making little black trails leaking down her face. Soon she had nearly two thirds of his stiff length wet with her spit.

That last third was going to really test her, I thought, wondering if she could actually do it.

Looking at the young brunette next to me, I smiled. She had such an intense stare on her face as she watched Barbara sucking cock. Her hand bag was clutched tight in her lap and she sat there frozen by what she saw. I doubted that she had ever seen such a sight as the one before her now, unless she'd been alot wilder in her youth than appearances gave hint at.

Contrary to Penthouse Letters, 99% of shy ones, stay shy.

Well, I thought to myself, if I was going to corrupt another one tonight, then I could have done worse than this tasty morsel. I stepped back a pace then moved left, putting my body right behind Suzie's chair. She didn't notice, so focused was she on the action.

At the end of one deep stroke, Chien Lee pulled hard. Eyes wide, Barbara's mouth sunk itself to the root of his cock, taking him fully into her throat. His strong hands held her there for several long moments as she struggled, until he finally relented and let her free.

Pulling her mouth off him, Barbara coughed and coughed, spit dripping down her chin. I'll give her this, it wasn't long before she had his cock back in her mouth.

Suzie's purse buzzed.

The young brunette was startled at the interruption, and frantically dug into the purse until she pulled out her cell phone. It buzzed once more before she quieted it. I could see it's screen from where I stood behind her. The text message read, "WHERE R U".

The ID said "BOSS".

She put the phone away, unanswered.

Fred, naked and sporting a stiff condom covered hard on, walked over to where Chien Lee was standing. Barbara, kneeling there sucking Chien Lee's cock, still had other means of offering pleasure, and clearly Fred meant to finish what he'd started earlier. He'd fucked the horny blond when she was sucking the others off, but he hadn't had a chance to cum yet inside her warm wet willing body. He knelt behind her and took her hips in his hands.

Barbara jumped at the touch like she'd been shocked! Pulling her mouth off Chien Lee's cock, she scooted away from Fred.

"Ask him, ask him!" she said almost frantically, looking around.

Wow, I thought. Getting tossed into the hall had really scared her.

Chien Lee smiled down at her and pointed at his stiff wet cock. After a moment, she crawled back over to kneel between his legs, taking his cock in her mouth.

"Fuck this bitch," he ordered Fred.

My horny coworker grinned and knelt between her legs again, lining his cock up with Barbara's pussy. She groaned around the cock in her mouth as Fred sunk himself into her, her body shivering at the penetration.

The young brunette in front of me shiver as well.

Taking firm grip of her hips, Fred fucked Barbara slowly but each of his strokes was deep. Balls deep. The strokes forcing her head forward and her mouth down Chien Lee's cock. The Chinese I'd nick named Short walked out then. He too had a stiff hard cock and from his look he intended to join the fun. He stood there slowly stroking his cock, watching. At least he'd grabbed a condom.

Fred, while he fucked her, reached down and untied Barbara's arms. She groaned at the release. She'd been bound for a long time. Once he had her arms free he reached up and pulled the angel wings from her too. They were looking a bit worn with all the abuse. He tossed them to the side.

Short tapped him on the shoulder. Fred looked up and grinned, pulling his cock from Barbara. She gave a moan around the cock in her mouth at the absence. She didn't have long to wait, Short knelt and taking his cock, pressed it against her pussy before shoving himself forward and in her.

He fucked her hard and fast.

Rick stepped up then, joining the party. And the Chinese Dumpy soon joined him as well. A line formed, ready to take advantage of the kneeling blond's ready acceptance of her sluthood.

Suzie's phone buzzed again. This time the text read "WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU".

I realized something then, watching my coworkers, both new and old, fuck a woman I'd only just meet the night before, that Barbara and my innocent brunette were cut from the same cloth.

Both had the capacity to be victims.

That Suzie's boss was fucking her, I had no doubt. Using his power to get what he wanted, forcing her to service his lust. Did she see what her ultimate fate could be, as she watched my horny blond suck a big stiff dick while men lined up to shove their hard cocks inside of her? Would Suzie kneel there submissively and let her boss' friends fuck her when he got around to pimping her out? And he would eventually, I thought. She had to realize that cruel fact, somewhere deep inside of herself.

I lightly laid my hand on Suzie's shoulder. She jumped on the stool, then looked my way. We stared at each other for a long moment, both listening to the sounds of people fucking, until she finally broke the silence.

"Would you get me a drink?" she asked softly. "Maybe some wine?"

"Oh, you fucking bitch!" Fred exclaimed, clearly cumming inside Barbara's willing body. "Oh, yeah! That's it bitch, take it."

I gave a small nod to her request.

-----

The Boys took turns fucking Barbara while she sucked Chien Lee's cock. Each of them would give her a dozen or more strokes then pull out and let the next take his place. The smell of sex was heavy in the air, and it seemed like every few minutes my horny blond would moan from her abuse. Barbara would quiver briefly, then force her mouth deep down Chien Lee's cock.

I'd slipped into the bathroom for a pee, the beer from the strip club finally catching up to me, then gone to get Suzie her drink. Adding a handful of ice to the glass of red wine I'd pulled from the mini bar for her, I swirling it around to get it cold. I'd topped off my scotch as well.

Rick was fucking Barbara at the moment and doing a good job of it.

"You're a dirty little whore," Rick exclaimed. "Aren't you?"

Barbara moaned around Chien Lee's cock as Rick fucked her.

"Say it," he ordered, slamming his cock into her hard.

"I'm a dirty whore," she moaned.

I picked up both drinks then looking towards the door, noticed something. My innocent brunette was gone. Left while I was getting her that drink, exiting silently while the action had my attention.
