 Our fantasies continue to deepen as our lust grows. You loved watching me submit and please other men, then it was two at once, then it was bending over and fully submitting everything to them. We have talked about tonight over and over. Fantasized about it as we fucked, watched porn after porn, imaging me in the position we plan for tonight. The full submission, the full transformation to the submissive, the pleaser, the slut. We have planned tonight for weeks and I'm already excited and nervous with anticipation. We have setup the basement with mattresses, sheets, and a sex swing, 

I'm home alone waiting as you complete the final preparations. I'm in the basement dressed in my panties, hosiery, bra, and gloves. A tight leather corset covers my midsection and constricts me tightly and knee high leather boots with high heels tighten around my feet. My cock is already slightly hard pressing against the silky panties. I hear a loud commotion upstairs as you and our last step of preparation arrives. Lots of men talked excitedly amongst themselves, what should be a full dozen well hung studs ready to be serviced.

I continue to wait for over a half hour as you and the men settle down for drinks and getting comfortable. My excitement continues to grow as I imagine them coming down the stairs to take me and make me their little slut. Tonight I am ready for everything! Finally my agony comes to an end as the basement door opens and I hear the group coming down. What I see, blows me away! 

You come around the corner first, in your little satin nightie, your large tits sitting completely out and your nipples obviously hard. Then the men come and they are absolutely gorgeous. All different men of all different sizes, but all with fit and trim bodies, all dressed in various sexy underwear with obviously large cocks for my attention. The sight of them all is almost overwhelming and I feel my cock grow harder as it starts to bulge out of my panties. They are all eyeing me with lustful stares, pointing, and gesturing at me. Some grab their manhood and make motions towards me. 

My wife introduces me with a flamboyant twirl, "Gentlemen, here is your little slut for the night, whatever your desire, whatever your pleasure, this little whore is here to provide. Your only rule is that this little pretty slut's mouth is where your loads must go. So, little slut get down on your knees and start to please! I will be over here watching you get what you deserve and need."

I quickly fell to my knees at her command rubbing my hands up and down my corset and feeling my "boobs". The hot men begun to slowly circle around me. I could already see some of them getting hard while others, maybe needing some attention, remained as they were. A tall god of a stud approached me first, dark hair, tan skin, and beautiful hazel eyes on a tall muscular frame and a huge hardening package wrapped in a leather brief. The others watched to see how this would start, as he reached out and grabbed me by the hair and pushed forward until his crotch covered my face. I breathed in deeply, smelling the leather, and the man rubbing my face up and down what had to be the largest cock I had ever seen. 

My hands ran up and down his thighs to his crotch and back to his hard thick ass. I grabbed the top of his leather briefs and pulled them down releasing at least 10 inches of full man cock. I smelled it, kissed it, tasted it, caressed it, and finally took its hardening shaft into my hot wet mouth. I heard his moans and murmurs of approval, a few exclamations like suck it slut or take it all. And take it all I did, every fucking inch. I looked up into his sexy eyes as I swallowed his cock like a pro. 

Then I felt two hot cocks on the side of my head rubbing up and down the side of my face. One a good sized black cock from a short muscular man with a great chest and arms and full delicious lips. Another from a blond tall skinnier and slightly older stud. His thick pink cock was beautiful in shape and felt wonderful on my cheek. I let my mouth and hands wonder from cock to cock, feeling each one and how it differed. 

Three more hunks circled around me and I was in cock heaven. Another black cock was almost as big as the 10" monster while being way thicker pushed its way into my mouth as I grabbed his sweet bubbly ass. A handsome shorter Hispanic had a great short stocky cock with a sharp up curve that felt great in my throat. A short haired muscled stud had a great cock and obviously loved to use it with force. His cock slammed deep and hard into the back of my throat as he pulled me hard by the hair.

For close to 15 minutes I sucked on those 6 wonderful cocks while the other 6 stood around slowly stroking and rubbing their big cocks. I licked balls, swallowed sacks, licked taints, penetrated sweet asses, rubbed my lips up and down shafts, and took those hard cocks deep into my throat over and over. My face and their cocks were covered in a sheen of saliva. Their cocks loved my eager mouth and were already throbbing and hard. 

As you are watching me you slide a small vibrator up and down over your wet and swollen clit. You moan and tell the short muscled man with his cock in my mouth to fuck me harder, harder you gasp as you hear me gag and watch my drool run down my chin. You motion for the others to join in, you want to see all of those cocks at once all around me.

The other 6 gladly listen to you and start to move in. I am pulled down to the mattress and all 12 men gather around as close as they can. A dark curly haired stud with a bulging cock starts to fuck my mouth from the side while a young black man with blond dyed hair rubs his balls on my cheek. I reach back and run my tongue right up into his ass and shove it in deep to feel him moan. He rocks back and forth on my face stroking his big cock letting his precum drip on my face.

I am laid onto my back and a husky older man with a shorter but fat juicy cock straddles my face. He shoves it deep and I feel his balls draping over my chin. I can't see who they are, but I am stroking a hard hot cock in each hand. After the older man finishes fucking my wet mouth, I get flanked by two studs who look almost like twins. They begin to run their cocks together over my lips and against each other as I taste their precum oozing out. They force both of their throbbing heads into my mouth at the same time stretching my mouth wide.

Finally the Hispanic lifts my legs up and begins to rub his hard dick against my ass. I'm literally aching to be fucked, to have my ass pounded, to be filled up with hot cock. He starts to push in and chills run up my spine, all the while my mouth is passed from cock to cock. I fill his curved cock fill me up sliding over my p-spot sending orgasmic chills to the end of my cock. It fills so warm, so good, I raise my hips up to meet his thrusts as he starts to pound me. I feel his hips slapping into me and his balls banging my ass as he starts to speed up, pounding me harder and harder, pushing my legs further back. I scream out, "Fuck me! Pound my tight ass with your wonderful hot cock! Fuck me hard!" and he gladly obliges for a few more minutes. 

He pulls out and hands me off to one of the twins. He jumps up and straddles my chest shoving his hot cock into my mouth. He gasps, "Suck that ass juice off my fucking cock you slut". I greedily swallow his entire cock, tasting the delicious ass juices that have coated his entire dick and large globs of precum that I squeeze out. Meanwhile my ass is throbbing again as the twin fucks me and wow does he know how to fuck. His movement pushes his cock hard against my p-spot and I start leaking small amounts of cum as he milks my prostrate. 

After he pulls out, I'm rolled over onto my knees. I find 3 cocks aiming in my mouth including the twin who was just in my ass. I gladly suck them all off, giving them all the attention they handle. Meanwhile the biggest cock in the room slides right in my ass. I've never felt so filled so satisfied. His cock pounds me as my ass ripples with each thrust. I feel his strong hands grab my shoulders pulling me into his hard shaft and I eagerly lean into each thrust. 

While still getting pounded by the 10" wonder cock the twin who fucked my tight ass loses control in my mouth and blows his hot sticky load straight down my throat. Not a single drop escapes as I eagerly taste his salty musty cum. I suck harder and harder feeling his body stiffen and spasm with the powerful orgasm I have just gave him. He finishes with a scream, "Fucking slut, swallow my load, swallow every drop!" and I do just that.

For the next 20 minutes I get pounded by one guy after another, all taking me hard from behind. My ass is throbbing with pleasure and my cock continues to leak. I can still taste the wonderful load of cum and continue to savor it as I suck cock after cock, sometimes 2 or 3 at a time. 

All the while you continue to watch. You love watching me get the hell fucked out of me, used like a little cum slut. You have already came 3 times and you have many more to go. Your clit is so swollen and throbs so hard it almost cums on its own. You occasionally shout encouragements. 

Finally I'm pulled up and moved over to the swing. I'm laid back into it and my legs lifted up in the straps. Immediately I'm surrounded by cocks, rubbing on my face, in my hair, in my mouth, on my body, even over my own cock. And I take cock after cock deep into my ass. My ass is so warmed up now that I begin to shudder all over, having anal dry orgasms over and over. I beg each one to fuck me harder when I don't have a big dick in my mouth.

Next the sexy black man with his great chest and the Hispanic explode 2 huge loads of hot jizz over my mouth at the same time. The first one drops down in huge thick goops filling my mouth full of salty semen while the other shoots hards streams of cum into my mouth and over my face. I smell it, taste it, feel it, and swallow it feeling it slide down my throat in thick long strands. Both men completely spent fall off to the side and join the first twin.

Getting fucked in the swing is incredible. The angle is perfect and allows for full penetration and easy access. The swing rocks back and forth adding momentum to each thrust. I grab the chains and help swing into the cock as hard as I can. I'm almost losing control, my body shaking with spasms of pleasure, my voice quavering and trailing off to long moans or screams of "Fuckkkkkk". It is like cumming continuously for minutes at a time, over and over. I can feel their hard sexy hips and warm balls smacking into me hard, really hard. Now everyone is fucking hard and it feels great. When a hot cock pulls out, I immediately start begging for another, I just want more, more, and more. 

In the mean time, everything from my mouth to my hands to my belly is being used by hot cocks. I suck each cock as it comes out of my ass relishing the sweet juices from my own ass mixed with their precum. Soon loads of cum start coming and coming fast. One, then two, then four, then 2, then that final 10" cock. Each dropping their hot loads onto me. Some come out in slow thick globs that just drop right into my mouth. Others shoot hard streams spraying deep into my throat with great force and over my face. But all of them give me huge loads, no one isn't up to the challenge to give me as much cum as possible.

My face is covered in slippery cum and all I can taste and smell is its salty musky scent. At one point four loads are shot almost all at once. My mouth is filled with so much cum it almost overflows, but I use by hands to cup it in and roll my tongue through the sticky goo. I start to swallow it down in big almost choking gulps. I love the way it fills me up. A few more loads of cum come quickly after before I can swallow all of those fast 4 and I let it all mix together rolling across my teeth and down my throat. I give each cock a final suck and squeeze trying to get every last drop. 

Finally only the gorgeous stud with that 10" monster is left. He is pounding me hard just like he was before and I'm grabbing him with my legs pulling him in even harder. He shocks me by reaching down and grabbing my cock. He strokes it slowly knowing I'll explode quickly. He is almost using my cock as a handle to pull me into him and my ass just throbs with ecstasy. I start to moan and shake all over as my load starts to erupt. A huge fountain of cum explodes out of my cock over his hand, my cock, belly, and balls. He keeps stroking until my spasms subside all the while still pounding my ass, now at a gentler pace. He scoops up my own cum and feeds it to me.

I look over at you as I eat my own cum and see you there, your body almost limp from exhaustion. You watch my cum slide down my tongue and see the hungry look in my eyes and it sends you over one more time.

He finally pulls out and puts his giant throbbing cock right on my lips. He lets me finish the stroking of his beautiful monster. I love the way my hand fits around it and slides up and down its length. I can tell he is close, his cock throbs and begins to ooze. He leans his head back and lets out a long low moan as huge streams of cum explode across my lips and down my throat. I swallow and swallow, but cannot keep up, his hot cum load is massive, too much and it spills down my cheeks and chin and up my nose. 

I finish draining him and he backs away. I lay there in the swing slowly pushing cum across my face into my mouth, eating those last few drops that escaped me. In the end I rub my hands over my face and rub the leftover cum and juices into my face. My whole body tingles, my ass pulses with exhaustion and pleasure, and my cock still gently throbs as it slowly begins to soften. As each guy leaves they come over to let me suck their cock one final time. Some are fully limp, but I don't care, I just take them all deep into my mouth to taste them one more time.

You finally come over and climb up on the swing straddling me. You begin to kiss me sharing in the taste and smell of all the cum. It is all you can smell on my breath. You start to rub your sweet wet pussy up my still throbbing cock and feel it hardening. Soon I'm fully hard and sliding deep inside you as we fuck gently in the swing kissing and sharing left over cum. As we both climax you say, "You are a nasty little cum slut aren't you? And an anal whore too? You love being used, pounded, and to have loads of cum dumped in you." 

I smile and nod in total satisfied agreement and simply say, "I want it, I want more".