 Keely and Phil had never had rich and powerful friends but the friends they did have were warm and generous people who would always share what little they did have. One such friend had a small cabin in a national park in America and being unable through ill health to visit it this year Keely and Phil were given the chance to spend two weeks there. Keely and Phil went to collect the keys a few days before they were due to leave, it was clear that their friend was very disappointed not to be going out to the cabin herself, but she was glad to let Keely and Phil have the benefit of it. 

She gave the young couple directions from the airport and some instructions regarding housekeeping issues. Just as Keely and Phil were about to leave the friend added one more piece of information, she told them that the area surrounding the cabin and lake had a reputation amongst the locals for being haunted. But she quickly added seeing the couple's anxiety, that they had nothing to fear, as the ghost was a kindly spirit and any way she had never seen anything in fifteen years she had being going there.

All the way home Keely and Phil discussed this last piece of information. Phil was as ever, sceptical. Keely however was more open-minded and therefore felt a little nervous at the prospect of sharing their holiday with a ghost. Phil did his best to allay her fears reminding Keely that their friend had said that it was a benevolent spirit. Despite Phil's efforts to reassure her, Keely continued to ponder the prospect of encountering a ghost on holiday but she decided to keep her anxieties to herself for fear of ruining the holiday.

Three days later Keely and Phil arrived at the cabin. It was small but very well equipped and sat besides a large lake with dense forest behind. All thoughts of the ghost had disappeared from Keely's mind, nothing bad could transpire in a place as beautiful as this. The cabin itself was directly out of some old western, built from sturdy logs with a stone chimney; on three sides a timber deck surrounded the cabin complete with hammocks and a swing seat. Just to the side of cabin there was further decking housing a hot tub.

As always, when she arrived at any holiday destination, Keely was keen to make love to Phil there and then, she threw her arms around his neck and began to gyrate her hips. Within moments Phil was erect and pushing back against Keely's gyrations.

Keely kissed Phil passionately her tongue probing his mouth forcefully, he responded with equal passion. Both of them felt an overwhelming hunger for sex, quick explosive sex. Their kissing turned to gentle biting, neither wanted to relinquish the kiss so they struggled to undress still joined at the lips. Keely ripped opened the fly buttons on Phil's jeans and pushed them down along with his boxer shorts over his tight little bottom until his cock was standing erect and free. 

With equal impatience Phil pulled Keely's skirt up around her waist abandoning their usual lovemaking etiquette, Keely wanted cock inside her now. Phil grasped the thin fabric of Keely's knickers and with one sharp pull ripped them from her body, the tattered fabric falling at her feet.

Keely took Phil's cock in her hand and rubbed the shaft against her pussy, the helmet slipped between her swollen labia fuelling her desire for full penetration. Sensing this growing need and savouring the warm wetness of her fanny Phil turned Keely on the spot and bent her over the back of the sofa. Keely pushed her shapely bottom upwards affording Phil a view of her pink labia, needing no further encouragement Phil slipped the entire length of his cock deep into her, he reached up and grabbed a handful of her hair forcing her back harder onto his cock. 

Keely let out a satisfied moan and started sliding back and forth on Phil's erect member. Phil had his hands on Keely's hips guiding her thrusts. Her bottom shuddered with each thrust and Phil found himself unable to resist giving her shapely bottom a slap, a red handprint was left on her buttock. Keely had her hand busy on her clitoris, her pace building with each pelvic thrust. She felt the contractions through her pussy as Phil pumped his load deep into her, this sensation pushing her onto orgasm, her knees buckled as she came and Phil continued to slowly slide his cock in and out of her now cum soaked pussy.

Their passion spent Keely and Phil now enjoyed a simple but hearty supper sitting on the veranda. They chatted the dusk into night until fatigue overcame Keely and she retired to bed. Phil stayed out on the veranda enjoying the absolute peace. He lay back in one of the hammocks and blew streams of blue grey smoke into the warm night air. As he sat there he listened intently to the noises of the night, in the back of his mind he could still hear the voice of his friend warning of the possibility of a ghostly encounter. After twenty minutes of trying to decipher the various noises Phil gave up and put it all down to locals just having a laugh. Perhaps, he thought, that the magical nature of the lake had to be explained and that one way to explain its magic was to attribute it to ghostly possession. 

Phil's thoughts returned to this world as he heard Keely turning over in bed. He went into the cabin to get his cigarettes, the door of the bedroom was wide open and there was Keely lying on her side, bedclothes covered only her feet. Moving so that he stood in the open doorway Phil watched as Keely slept. The light from the kitchen softly illuminated Keely's naked form, Phil never tired of seeing Keely's body and as he stood there he thought of the first time he had seen her naked. It was some time ago now that first night they had spent together but the years hadn't affected Phil's recall. Keely was 19 when her and Phil had got together; her body then, reflected her youth. Her body was lithe and torte, her breasts were no more than gentle curves rising from her chest, peaked with pink puffy nipples that demanded attention. Her athletic frame echoed her sporty school career. 

Now Keely's body had blossomed into womanhood. Her breasts were now generous symmetrical globes with large nipples the colour of a blushing cheek, her bottom was fuller but still pert and her pubic mound was an inviting plush heaven. Phil rejoiced in this transformation, Keely to him was a sensual powerhouse. Phil was pulled back from his contemplations by Keely shifting position. She was now lying on her back with one knee slightly bent. Her breasts rose and fell with each breath, Phil was mesmerised. As his eyes drifted down her body they stopped to enjoy the sight of Keely's plump pussy her labia slightly parted like the petals of a flower waiting the morning sun before revealing the beauty within.

Phil leaned forward and kissed Keely gently on the forehead stroking her golden hair as he did so. He returned to the veranda and lay down in one of the hammocks. After watching Keely in her naked slumber he was now sporting a healthy erection, he slipped his shorts down to his knees hoping the cool night air might ease the throbbing ache in his cock. Phil closed his eyes and savoured the sensation of the night air cooling his stiff member, he held its thick shaft and squeezed gently, a drop of clear fluid appeared at its tip before rolling down the shaft and over Phil's fingers. 

Thoughts and images passed quickly through his mind, Keely undoing her jeans and then pulling down her panties so that Phil might play with her fanny as they sat in the car, Keely toying with a vibrator, rubbing its buzzing tip over her clitoris and then slipping it into her shaven pussy, oblivious to the power such actions conveyed. Phil was now slowly wanking as his thoughts evolved; he focused his mind on one of his favourite fantasies. This was the joy of masturbation, unlimited fantasy, no morality, no prejudice and no boundaries.

Phil had now quickened his hand and his cock released more of its slippery fluid causing the helmet to glisten, he could feel his balls tighten and lift as the fantasy developed. He was now teetering on the brink of orgasm, he held back wanting to conclude his fantasy before spurting hot cum on to his belly .Phil was wanking slowly now as he came, the hot cum dripping down the shaft of his cock and over his fingers. He lay back into the hammock enjoying the warm afterglow of his orgasm. He had a cigarette despite feeling a little light headed before joining Keely in bed.

The next morning they were both woken by strong sunlight streaming into the bedroom. "What time did you come to bed?" enquired Keely, 

"About an hour after you" replied Phil.

"What were you doing?" asked Keely, a smile spread across Phil's face,

"You didn't have a wank, did you?" 

"I couldn't help it, it must be all this fresh air boosting my libido" admitted Phil. 

"Well that's your lot for a couple of days then." said Keely, "otherwise you'll be wasting away." 

After their breakfast Keely and Phil decided to do some exploring in the canoe, there was a waterfall a few miles down the lake, a perfect place to find shelter from the midday sun. Phil packed some food, drink and their swimming gear. Once out on the lake the full majesty of their surroundings was revealed, it was a primeval place devoid of mans imprint, the sun shone this day as it had on this landscape for millions of years. Both of them were mute in the presence of such overwhelming splendour and didn't share a syllable until they arrived at the waterfall. It was as promised a cool oasis sheltered from the glare of the unremitting sun, having paddled for some twenty minutes Phil and Keely were glowing with exertion. Phil removed his shoes and socks and paddled in the plunge pool beneath the waterfall. "How is it?" asked Keely, 

"Its lovely" sighed Phil. 

Keely needed no further encouragement; she started to remove her sandals. "Your swimming costume is in that rucksack," said Phil pointing back to the canoe.

Keely didn't reply but continued to remove her sandals, Phil turned back to look at his feet splashing in the water, after a few moments a pink blur breezed past him and entered the water with a splash. Keely's head appeared from the waters depths; she shook the excess water from her hair and swam over to Phil. 

"What happened to your swimming costume?" Phil enquired. 

"I wanted to cool down," replied Keely. She turned her back on Phil and swam away; her naked bottom raised to the surface the dappled sunlight providing an intermittent spotlight for its statuesque curves. Keely stood under the waterfall, with the water up to her thighs Phil could see that Keely was naked; she seemed like some neo classical nymph. The falling water fell from her body at her breasts, in the cool water her nipples had hardened, the areola darkened and creased. Still completely clothed Phil swam over to join her; they held each other under the cascading torrents. Phil smoothed his hands over Keely's skin, kissing her shoulder and neck, she removed his shorts and T shirt until she was satisfied that they were skin to skin. 

It felt so liberating to be free of their clothes and the two of them found themselves playing in the cool waters like wild animals. Their play had the innocence of children; they had forgotten their nakedness and were just happy to be together. Although their naked bodies would rub together intimately there was no sexual tension just the unbridled joy of sharing this special place.

Phil left the water to grab something to eat; he sat at the waters edge watching Keely move with grace through the water, if he had been an artist the scene would have made a perfect tableau. Keely joined Phil on the bank and they sat eating their lunch, it felt slightly comical to be eating sandwiches with his cock flopping lazily on his belly.

He shared his comic revelation with Keely, who thought for a moment before saying "I don't know it may have its uses" with that she took hold of Phil's flaccid cock and smeared the helmet with dip before putting it in her mouth. Her tongue expertly removed the creamy dip from his now swollen helmet, the coolness of the dip contrasting with the heat of her mouth. Keely rubbed his glistening helmet around her lips, as she did so she drew up her knees and opened her legs, the change in position allowed the lips of her pussy to open slightly and reveal the slippery wetness contained within. 

"Would you like to try another dip?" asked Keely suggestively, 

Phil moved over to Keely he pushed the palm of his hand hard against her fanny and whispered "as much as I love that dip" he rolled her on to her belly, 

"I really fancy some chocolate fudge" he said giving her bottom a gentle slap.

Keely pushed Phil on to his side and then bundled him into the water, laughing she said, "You are a bloody pervert."

Phil nodded enthusiastically. They made there way back to the canoe; Keely had wrapped herself in her sarong and lay spread out before him whilst he did the rowing. He didn't mind; the thin cotton against her damp body rendered the material almost transparent revealing Keely's naked body beneath.

They reached the cabin just as the sun was setting; Phil opened the wine whilst Keely prepared some food. After supper both of them climbed into the hut tub and continued to drink well into the night. Keely had stripped off her top and was laughing loudly as the swirling waters of the hot tub bounced her breasts like duck apples at Halloween. She further amused herself by pulling her panties to one side and sitting over one of the bubble jets, giggling as bubbles tickled past her pussy. 

Soon the cool night air forced them indoors not long after a storm broke out, thunder and lightening clashed over the cabin. Phil lit a fire and some candles as they had been warned that the power supply at the cabin was rather fragile and likely to fail in a storm. 

The cabin was soon cosy and warm, Keely and Phil lay on the hearth and discussed everything and nothing. Their peace was disturbed by a knock on the door, had this been at home the knock at the door wouldn't have been particularly significant but here in the middle of the wilderness where Keely and Phil hadn't seen another human being since they arrived, the knocking seemed unduly sinister. 

As they looked at each other both of them came to the same thought simultaneously, was it the ghost. Phil laughed nervously a ghost would just come through the wall he thought. He stood up and walked over to the door, "what are you doing?" said Keely anxiously.

"It's probably someone lost, don't worry but cover yourself up" replied Phil.

Keely pulled her sarong around her waist and stood behind Phil as he opened the door. Once opened they were both relieved to see that it was no axe murderer or ghost but a young women,

"Can you afford me some shelter from the storm" she asked.

Keely stepped forward and said "Of course come in and sit by the fire." 

The young woman moved slowly and cautiously over to the fire where she knelt down. "Can I get you a drink?" asked Phil "We have some brandy somewhere".

The young lady nodded without saying a word, when Phil gave her the brandy she drank it quickly, she accepted another two glasses before uttering another word.

"Are you on your own?" Keely asked, 

"No I was with my people but I lost them in the storm" replied the young girl.

Phil was intrigued she spoke with an almost poetic lilt, and she was stunning. She had jet black hair that flowed down her back and ended at the curve of her bottom, her skin was tanned a deep red tan that one only developed from being outdoors for long periods. 

It was difficult to attribute an exact age to her she could have been 25 or as young as 18. "Would you like to stay here tonight and we can look for your family tomorrow?" offered Keely, 

"Thank you kind lady if it would not inconvenience you I would like to stay" she replied softly.

Phil went off to get some things to make up a bed, Keely followed. The two of them came to the conclusion that this girl must be part of some hippy commune near by; her clothes were typical of modern travellers, just a simple piece of material with a hole in it for her head and tied at the waist with a colourful band. They returned to the living room, the young lady was standing with her back to fire, the cloth that covered her was still wet and clung to every curve of her body, and she was a breathtaking site.

Keely went to bedroom and returned with a t-shirt "put this on your clothes are soaking."

The young girl took the T-shirt and undressed before them. Once naked, the extent of her beauty was revealed, she had an athletic frame with breasts that held their shape and form without the need of a bra, her belly had a small roundness that tapered down to her pussy which was covered with dark pubic hair, her hips had the shape of womanhood and her legs were muscular but slender. 

She slipped the t-shirt over her head, it was long enough to just cover her naked bottom but as she turned to pick up her discarded clothes it rode up and afforded Keely and Phil a view of her shapely behind. 

"I think I need a brandy," said Phil. He poured three drinks and handed one to Keely and one the young girl. 

They sat in silence for a few minutes, before Keely asked the young lady for her name "Star" the young lady disclosed. 

Keely introduced Phil and herself and explained that they were on holiday from England. The whole time Star listened with wide-eyed wonder she spoke only when she was asked a direct question.

Keely brought the evening to a close by taking Phil off to bed; they left Star lying on the settee enjoying the warmth of the fire.

Once in the bedroom Keely and Phil discussed their new guest. "She's a bit weird, do you think she is part of some cult or something?" asked Keely, 

"I have no idea" replied Phil.

"I know one thing she isn't shy did you see the way the stripped off" said Keely.

"No I was looking the other way" said Phil lying through his teeth.

Keely smacked his backside, "You were looking you lying sod."

They both settled down into bed, outside the storm seemed to be worsening. The wind was now whistling around the house and atmospheric light show seemed to be intensifying.

Keely went into the lounge to make sure Star was ok. She found her curled up in a tight ball on the couch; Keely placed her hand on Star's shoulder and asked if she was ok, when Star lifted her head it was obvious that she had been crying.

Keely took her by the hand and led her into the bedroom, "You can stay with us" she told Star. 

Phil was slightly taken aback when Keely led Star in to the bedroom, but he trusted Keely's judgement and besides who was he to complain at having two beautiful women in his bed. 

Keely gestured Star to get in bed next to Phil, perhaps prompted by Keely's nudity before Star got into their bed she took her T-shirt off.

Phil was quickly reminded of his own naked state as Star naked leg rested next to his. Whether it was the brandy or fear of the storm Star rolled on to her side and draped her leg across Phil. Phil froze not sure how to react, he looked across to Keely who was smiling as she gently stroked Star's hair.

Phil's main concern was that his unruly cock was instantly transformed into a swollen monster screaming for attention and Star's leg was directly pressed against it. Phil decided his best course of action was to do nothing and hope that Star wouldn't notice his cock and fall asleep.

Keely had now rolled on to her side and was bent around Star like a spoon. This made things even worse for Phil and his rampant cock; it was now pulsing powerfully and releasing a steady stream of pre-cum.

Phil released to do nothing was no longer an option; he reached down and gently stroked Star's thigh. She immediately snuggled closer into Phil and let out some appreciative noises, encouraged Phil let his hand drift up her body until it rested beside her breast. 
