 I thought it was going to be just another house party, with some barbecued food, some beer, some wine and a few friends, but it turned out to be a night like no other. I had driven myself over to my friend's house on a dreary night in late March, and when I reached the door I was informed that everyone had to take their shoes off because John didn't want anybody tracking mud on his new carpet. I took my shoes off and made my way to the kitchen and grabbed myself a bottle of beer. I found a couple of friends hanging out near the dining room table and I began chatting with them, strategically positioned so that I could see all the new guests arriving as they entered the house. After a few minutes of chatting, I noticed two young women entering the house. One was a redhead that I had met once before, but whose name I had forgotten, and the other was a complete stranger to me.

I watched them from afar, and noticed that they had made their way over to my buddy Matt. It seemed that the redhead was introducing her friend to Matt. Half an hour or so later I found Matt in line for the bathroom and asked him what was up with the two girls. He said the redhead was Randi and her friend was Erin. Randi had brought her friend to the party so that her friend could meet Matt. 

Now that I knew the redhead's name, I could go speak with her again. I had met her at a New Year's party several months before, and remembered staring at her luscious breasts for most of the night. I sidled up to Randi and chatted with her for a while, remembering to constantly refill her wine glass at every opportunity. Her friend Erin was on the other side of the room talking with Matt, and it seemed like they were getting along well. It also seemed that Randi was enjoying my company as she continually stroked my arm and laughed at every stupid joke I told. 

It was close to midnight and the host was ushering people out of his house. Neither Matt and Erin, nor Randi and I wanted the night to end, so we had to think of something. Matt said that he had been dropped off at the party and needed a ride home. The girls had ridden together in Randi's little Miati so there was no room for Matt. I suggested that I give Matt a ride home and the girls could follow us since there was a nice bar on the first floor of Matt's high-rise apartment building. The girls accepted the invitation and we headed for downtown.

We'd only gone about a mile when the girls signaled they needed to pull over. Randi had forgotten that her car was almost out of gas, so they pulled into the nearest gas station to fill up. Erin and Matt went inside to pay and I stayed outside with Randi. After the hose was in the car's tank, I just thought I should go for it, so I leaned in to Randi and gave her a kiss. She kissed me back, and we stood there in the gas station drive area making out for the next 3 or 4 minutes while her car filled with gas. Erin and Matt returned to the cars and we headed for the bar. 

Once we got into the bar we ordered a couple drinks and were standing at the end of the bar talking quietly. I started kissing Randi again, and quickly noticed that Erin and Matt were also making out like school kids. A few of the bar patrons were shouting "get a room" while we kissed and held each other. Before long it was "last call" and we all decided to head upstairs to check out Matt's apartment.

Matt had a small one-bedroom apartment on the top floor of the building, overlooking the State Capital. Matt turned on some soft jazz music and Randi and I went out onto the balcony. She looked gorgeous in the moonlight. I normally don't find redheads all that attractive, but there was something ephemeral that set Randi apart. She had beautiful alabaster skin and light green eyes. She had full breasts and round hips, and although she wasn't fat, she was no beanpole either. We were kissing again, our tongues exploring each other's mouths, as my hands made their way to her breasts. I squeezed her right breast with my left hand, over the thin silky material of her dress, which elicited a soft moan from Randi. She reached down and grabbed the bulge in my jeans and kneaded it with her fingers. I was already completely hard and her efforts were bringing me close to the brink.

I broke our kiss and turned to see what Matt and Erin were doing, and discovered they were nowhere to be seen. I took Randi by the hand and lead her to the couch in the living room as I had assumed that Matt had taken Erin to his bedroom. Once on the couch, I pulled the straps down off of Randi's shoulders and unsnapped her bra so that I could pay some particular attention to her breasts. 

She had spectacular breasts. Her Areolas were pink and about the size of a half-dollar. Her nipples were erect and her breasts more than filled my hands. She was easily a C-cup, and had absolutely no sag despite the size of her breasts. I gently squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples between my thumb and forefinger as I kissed her neck, down her throat, and across her collarbone. Her hands were busy undoing the button-fly of my jeans so that she could stroke my cock some more. 

I continued kissing down her body, reaching her breasts and applying gentle kisses around the outer edge, underside, and then in between her breasts before moving my lips to her eraser-like nipples. As I sucked her nipple into my mouth, she threw back her head, grabbed the edges of the couch and let out a loud moan of pleasure.

I persisted in kissing down her body, pulling her dress down further as I went. As I reached her hips, I noticed she had a tattoo of a wolf's paw on her left hip, and I traced the outline of the tattoo with soft kisses, which simply drove Randi wild. She pushed me off the couch and we tumbled onto the living floor. She grabbed my pants and pulled them over my hips, pulling my underwear down with them so they were bunched at my ankles. She immediately took my rigid cock into her mouth and began sucking it with wild abandon. 

I reached for her shoulder and turned her around so that we were in the 69 position and I began tasting her sweet, red pussy. She had trimmed her pussy neatly but there was still a small landing strip of hair above her lips that was the color of fire. I lashed her lips with my tongue, and drove it deep into her sopping wet pussy, just as I felt the head of my cock pressing against the back of her throat. I grabbed her ass cheeks with my hands and pulled her tightly against my face as I sucked her clit in between my lips. 

She was gently squeezing my balls as she deep-throated my cock, and I could feel my orgasm building. I continued sucking on her clit and flicking the tip of it with my tongue as I felt my balls tighten and I let loose with a load of cum, sending it slamming against the back of Randi's throat. At that same moment, Randi's body began to spasm and she soaked my face in her love juices as she continued to swallow my cum. 

When we were completely spent, she turned around and lay in my arms with a huge, satisfied smile on her face. I held her for a few minutes, but soon the beers and the sex had me in desperate need of the bathroom. I told her I would be right back and headed for the john to take a leak.

When I got to the bathroom, the light was on underneath the door. I heard the toilet flush and Matt opened the door and was standing before me as naked as I was. After an awkward moment or two, we gave each other a high-five and laughed. We quickly exchanged stories, and then came up with a plan. Matt had always wanted a piece of Randi, and Erin was incredibly hot in my opinion so we figured we'd try a switch. 

Now, you need to know that Matt and I are roughly the same height and have the same build, but have different hair color and facial features. Matt produced a blindfold and we decided he should use that on Randi as there was much more light in the living room. His bedroom had dark shades on the windows as he usually worked late at night and slept well into the day. After I took a piss, we both tip-toed into the living room and approached Randi from behind where she laid. I leaned in and whispered that I had a surprise for her, and for her to trust me. She just moaned "mmm-hmmm", as I slipped the blindfold over her eyes and then left Matt to his own devices.

I quietly opened the bedroom door and slipped in, closing the door behind me, and stood there waiting for my eyes to adjust to the lack of light in the room. I could make out the bed and a lump under the covers as I slid into the bed. Erin was breathing rhythmically as I slipped under the covers and pressed my body up against hers. She was lying on her side and she woke with a start as my body pressed against hers from behind. 

"Shhh" I said, as I softly kissed her neck. I reached one arm over her body, cupping her breast in my hand. Her tits were smaller than Randi's, but they were extremely pert. In no time at all, they were swelling and the nipples protruding nearly an inch under my touch. My cock was beginning to stiffen and was pressing against the small of her back as I continued to kiss and suck on Erin's neck. I slid my body lower on the bed and Erin scissored her legs apart as I pressed my cock toward her steamy wet pussy. Her pussy was soaked from a combination of her own juices and Matt's cum and my dick slid right inside with no effort whatsoever.

I slowly slid my cock in and out of her pussy in long strokes as I caressed her breasts with my left hand. Her breathing became shallower, and I could feel her muscles contracting around my cock with each stroke. 

"Mmm, that feels sooo good" she said as I continued slow-stroking her. 

My cock was aching from the pressure and I couldn't take this slow pace any longer. I rolled to my left, leaving my cock buried in Erin's pussy, and pinning her to the bed with my weight. I rose to my knees and spread her legs apart and began fucking her faster from behind. Her face was pushed into one of Matt's pillows as she screamed in delight as my cock pounded deeper and deeper into her dripping wet cunt. I reached around and fingered her clit and she came all over my dick, her juices dripping down my balls and down her legs. 

I swiped some of her juices onto my fingers and continued pounding her through her climax until I slipped my wet finger into her asshole with the next down stroke. She screamed into the pillow and I thought I had hurt her until I felt another rush of female ejaculate coursing down my leg. I continued to finger her asshole and fucking her pussy until I could hold back no longer and I shot my load deep into her hot, wet, love hole, and collapsed across her back. 

"Oh Matt, that was the best" she stammered as we rolled into the spoon position and I held her in my arms. 

"Mmm-hmm" was all I could say for fear of getting caught.

I couldn't believe I'd pulled this off. I was replaying the night over and over again in my head until I drifted off to sleep, with Erin resting in my arms, while lying in Matt's bed. 

God only knew what was going on out in the living room between Matt and Randi, but I'm sure Matt wasn't going to have any complaints. I had drifted off to sleep in the spoon position so that Randi's back was to me in the pitch-black room. It seemed as though I had only been asleep for a couple of minutes when I heard the door burst open, and by the time I turned my head to see what was happening, Matt and Randi were leaping onto the bed. 

"Wake up sleepy heads" shouted Randi, as Erin turned and realized that she was in bed with me and not Matt. 

I was ready for her to slap me across the face, but instead an impish smile grew across her face and she kissed me on the cheek. 

"Why didn't you just tell me it was you?" Erin asked. "I would have fucked you in a heartbeat anyway" she said.

Randi crawled under the covers on one side of me, and Matt crawled in on the other side of Erin. To picture this accurately, you must understand that Matt had a California King bed, so there was plenty of room for all four of us in this bed. 

"Was she good?" asked Randi as she pressed her body against me and laid her head on my chest. 

"Was her pussy nice and tight?" she asked. 

I really didn't know what to say at this point. I didn't know if Randi was going to be jealous or what it was she wanted me to say. 

"How did she taste? I bet she tasted sweet" Randi continued her questioning. 

"Cat got your tongue?" she asked, and I just nodded my head. 

"I guess I'll have to find out for myself" Randi said, as she dove under the covers. 

She grabbed my cock and popped it into her mouth and started licking it from stem to stern. I flung the covers back so I could watch as she swallowed my cock deep into her throat. 

"Mmm, I love the taste of pussy on a cock" Randi said just before she went back to sucking my cock. 

I glanced over at Erin and Matt and could tell that Erin was stroking Matt's cock under the covers as they both watched Randi blow me for all she was worth. After a few minutes, Erin pushed the covers back and started sucking Matt's cock as he laid back in the bed.

Erin's ass was only about a foot from my face, and so while she sucked on Matt's dick, I began to finger her pussy as she leaned forward across the bed to fellate Matt. Erin's pussy was getting wetter and wetter as I stroked her clit and stuck first one and then a second finger into her snatch as she rotated her hips in rhythm with my probing fingers. 

Randi could tell I was getting close to cumming as my breathing became shallow and my balls began to tighten, and just before the point of no return, she released my cock and crawled up across my body. As she lay on top of my chest, the tip of my cock resting just below her fiery red pussy, she kissed me deep, so that I could taste the salty sweetness of where her mouth had been. 

"I want to taste the source now" declared Randi, as she broke our kiss and rotated her torso so that her face was inches from Erin's ass. 

Randi looked back at me and winked before she leaned forward and began tonguing her friend's pussy lips. Erin flinched a bit at the new sensation, but soon was moaning in delight as Randi licked and sucked on Erin's pussy lips.

I crawled out from under Randi's weight, and Randi repositioned herself so that she was lying on her back and Erin was sitting on her face as Randi continued to eat her out. I began sucking on Randi's tits and licking my way down her stomach. I again licked the outline of the wolf's paw on her hip as I made my way down to her strawberry patch. 

Randi's legs were bent at the knee and her heels were almost at the edge of the bed, so I climbed off the bed and knelt on the floor with my head between her legs. I began licking the outer edge of Randi's pussy lips and she squirmed as my tongue brushed against her clit as I ran it across from the top of one lip to the top of the other. I traced back down her lip and then slid my tongue into her pussy with a long, slow thrust. She tasted soo good, I couldn't get enough of her pussy as I continued to tongue fuck her deep and slow. I moved my head forward and pulled back the hood from her clit and gave it a light flick from my tongue. Randi's body jumped as though she had been hit with an electric shock as I sucked her clit in between my lips. 

I continued sucking on her clit and then slid a couple fingers into her soaking wet pussy, as I massaged the rough edges just inside and at the top of her pussy. This sent her over the edge and she screamed into Erin's pussy as she came hard, squeezing my head between her thighs.

Randi shuddered one last time and relaxed her legs and let them drop against the side of the bed. I stood up and my rock hard cock was resting against the entrance to Randi's pretty, pink, pussy. Just at that moment, Erin stopped sucking on Matt's cock and turned around to see what we were doing. She turned completely around and straddled Randi's face with her legs and leaned forward so that she and Randi were in the 69 position. 

I took Randi's legs and spread them wide apart as I slid my cock into her waiting pussy. At the same time, Erin began licking Randi's clit, the hair on the top of her head brushing against my stomach as I slowly thrust my cock in and out of Randi's pussy. I thought Erin had finished Matt off, but apparently I was wrong as he rose to his knees on the bed and was sporting about a 6.5 inch rod between his legs. He positioned himself behind Erin and slid his cock into her pussy with one thrust. 

He began pistoning in and out of her snatch, and soon she was having difficulty licking Randi's clit as Erin's head was bouncing off my stomach with each of Matt's thrusts. I took Randi's legs and placed her ankles on my shoulders and grabbed her thighs as I began to quicken the pace of my strokes to match the speed of Matt's thrusts. We were in total sync as I pounded Randi in one direction and he slammed Erin in the opposite direction. By this time the girls had given up licking each other's pussies and were crying out in pleasure at the thorough fucking they were getting from Matt and me.

I didn't think Matt could last much longer since he'd already had Erin sucking his dick for at least 15 minutes, and I knew I was getting close, and being a guy I couldn't be sure but it seemed like each of the girls had probably cum once or twice already since we'd been fucking them. I had never been in an "orgy" before, and wasn't sure what kind of protocols there were, and all these thoughts began racing through my head when I heard Matt yell "I'm gonna cum" as he pulled his cock from Erin's pussy with a "pffft" sound. 

I looked toward him and saw him squirt his cum across Erin's ass and down onto Randi's face. The sight drove me over the edge and as I pulled my cock out of Randi's pussy, Erin grabbed it and pulled it straight into her mouth. I shot my load down her throat, and try as she might she couldn't swallow it all and a drop or two escaped from her lips and dribbled down her chin. Matt grabbed Erin by the hair and pulled her back toward him, turned her to face him, and planted a firm kiss on her lips. I can only imagine that he must have tasted my cum in her mouth, but it didn't seem to bother him. 

Randi wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me close to her and I kissed her on the cheek and helped wipe Matt's cum from her forehead.

I dated Randi for a few more months before she moved back to the Bay Area. Erin would occasionally come up to visit Matt over the summer months, and there was at least one more time when the four of us had a great night together in a hot tub, but I'll have to wait to tell that story some other time.