 It was a late summer night. I had gotten off work and was waiting for my lover Jasmine to pick me up at a bar near where I worked. She worked later than I did but still got off in time to pick me up and get me to my softball game. I would stop in have a couple of beers then she would get there just in time to have a quick one before an early game. To night the game wasn't starting until 8:00 so there was plenty of time.

I figured she should get there around six or six-fifteen it was a quarter to five when I walked in. The rush was just getting started there were still a few tables left so I grabbed one where I could watch for Jasmine. I ordered a Corona with lime and sat back to watch the ladies and the guys trying to score on each other, its one of my favorite pass times, and this place was one of the hottest pickup spots in the valley. I was saving the chairs around the table just in case any of the other players dropped in before the game. As the place really fills up from 5:30 to around 9 o'clock or so, it can be hard just to find a place to stand some nights. 

I was just gazing around the round the room when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around almost bumping in to a very nice set of tits; that were just at eye level and less than an inch away. My eyes were glued to them as I heard her say in this sexy southern ascent, "Is anyone sitting with y'all?" 

Still looking at her twin orbs but trying to pull my gaze upward I answered, "No."

When I was finally able to look above them to her gorgeous face I saw deep green eyes set off with light eye liner and a very kissable mouth glossed by bright red lip stick. Before she could answer someone must have bumped her from behind as her breasts were pushed into my grateful face. I wrapped my arm around her holding her to keep her from falling and to enjoy the pleasure of having my face pressed between these two luscious mounds. Her perfume was intoxicating. When we were able to recover she was saying how sorry she was. 

When I thanked her saying, "It wasn't everyday that a beautiful lady ask if she could sit with me then rubs her breasts in my face." I stood up pulling a chair out for her to sit down. Then returning to my seat I asked if I might buy her a drink signaling the cocktail waitress, I asked what she would like a long island iced tea was her choice I order another beer.

I told her my name was Bill, she said hers was Charlene. As we talked she told me that she was a nurse and had just moved out here from a small town in South Carolina that I would never have heard of but that it was close to Charleston where she had gone to nursing school. As she talked my eyes wandered over her body, she had light golden brown hair, those deep green eyes, a very pretty face and those quite beautiful large breasts. She was wearing an almost see through shear white blouse with the top buttons undone showing her deep cleavage. Her breasts were barely held in by a very lacy bra I could see her nipples were hard and seemed to grow harder as I looked at her. I could say the same for my own cock. I forced myself to look lower to see the rest of her outfit, which was a black leather skirt with black pumps. Her legs were crossed and bare showing smooth tanned skin. I wondered if her pussy were bare too? 

I told her I was and engineer working at a local electronics firm and that I was waiting for my girlfriend to pick me up when she got off work then we were off to a softball game. She said, "Why I love baseball," and asked where we were going to play. 

I told her the name of the park where the games were played and she said, "I think that park is right across the street from the apartment I am staying in."

So I asked, "Would you like to come to the game?" As I was the pitcher/coach I had to be there. 

We chatted more about other things as our drinks went down I ordered another round but she insisted on paying. I said, "Wow a lady that meets you rubs her tits in your face then buys you drinks too! Where have you been?" 

She laughed as her face turned a very pretty shade of red. "My lord, but you are a bad one aren't you?" she said, as she reached out squeezing my leg. 

"Me?" I responded retuning the touch to her silky smooth thigh I let my hand slide up to the bottom of her skirt pushing it up a little more. My mind raced with thoughts of her naked before me touching every part of her ripe young body. Then kissing everything I had touched. 

I was brought out of my thoughts by another tap on the shoulder. It was Jasmine where had the time gone I jumped up displaying a very pronounced erection in my pants. Pulling out a chair for Jasmine I signaled to the waitress to bring more drinks.

As Jasmine said, "It looks like your having a good time!" Staring at my crotch as she sat down reached out patted it; with a very naughty smile on her face. 

Charlene spoke up half embarrassed saying, "Its probably my fault as I was asking if I might sit with him someone bumped me from behind causing me to well to put my, my..." 

I finish for her saying, "She pushed her tits in my face! And you know how much I like that plus she buys me drinks too!" I wanted to finish with can I keep her huh, huh? But thought better of it for now. Jasmine just busted up as we all did. As the laughter died away I introduced Charlene and Jasmine to each other. 

Jasmine is a very beautiful lady with long blonde hair falling to the top of her pert butt, large firm 36C breasts on a five foot two inch frame with the curves in all the right places. She has light blue eyes and soft red lips that really look so good when wrapped around a hard cock. Very nice silky smooth legs that you just want to follow to her bare pussy. Being summer she had worn a light cotton flower print summer dress that buttoned down the front and knowing her nothing else, but her hi-heel open toed sandals that wrapped around her ankles. Her toenails and fingernails were the same shade of red as her lipstick. The top of the dress was now unbuttoned just showing a hint of her cleavage as the bottom only had one undone.

The drinks arrived while I was telling her that I had invited Charlene to come watch the game since she was living in the apartments just across the street. Jasmine had ordered a tequila sunrise with a shot on the side to help her catch up. Charlene had another long island. While I stayed with my beer I had to play a game in an hour. I ordered some hors d'oeuvers to soak up the beer. We talked as we waited I could feel Charlene rubbing my leg with her shoe while Jasmine's hand was on my thigh and my cock was about to explode. I wasn't sure anymore if I would make the game or not. 

Before the food arrived I took the opportunity to excuse myself to go to the men's room. I had to do a little shifting so my hard on wasn't quite as obvious to everyone in the place. When I returned the girls were talking like old school friends some guys were already hovering close by checking to see if these two lovely ladies might be free. Just for the fun of it I kiss them both on the cheek before I sat back down between them reaching under the table I rubbed my hand along both of there legs trying to tell which was smoother I told them as they both laughed. Jasmine saying, "He can come up with some of the best excuses to fondle a women's thigh." I left my hands there rubbing them both as the guys at the bar just looked on seeing it all. 

Then when the food came I picked up a piece in each hand and fed it to both of them at the same time. Then I told them about the two guys that had been checking them out as I came back from the men's room, we all had a good laugh at that. It was getting time for me to go to the game for warm ups and I asked if they wanted to leave now or finish there drinks and come together later? They looked at each other Jasmine asking if Charlene minded if she stayed and could she catch a ride with her to the game? Charlene said, "No, no I don't mind one little bit I'd be pleased to take you down to the park to watch him play he does wear those tight pants don't he? Besides you might also help keep the wolves at bay." nodding to the two guys at the bar, they both laughed again.

I left the bar with a semi hard-on still after giving them both a kiss just for luck again nodding toward the two guys at the bar. We all laughed I walked to the door wishing I didn't have a game tonight and could stay to see if anything more developed. As it was it had been fun and one never knew what might happen after all it was only a quarter to seven. I drove to the park changing into my baseball uniform as I drove. That was part of the fun I had to get fully naked before I could put the jock strap on the socks, pants and shirt the shoes could wait until I got there. Jasmine always loved it when she would drive and I would get undressed in the car before a game. I arrived still trying to keep my cock inside my supporter. But it was hard as thoughts of Jasmine and Charlene danced through my head how was I going to play baseball?

I grabbed the equipment bag out of the trunk and walked to the field a couple of the guys were there we started warming up. Dale ask where Jasmine was I told him she would be along later with a friend, Jasmine was our biggest cheerleader. Because most of the other guys went home before the games she was one of the only ones that came to the games or for drinks after because how far we lived.

By the time the game started they still weren't there I figured the guys must have moved in as soon as they saw me leave as hot as those two ladies were they must have decided to let them spend some money on drinks. Heck maybe they wouldn't show up at all? After all Jasmine did walk in on me sitting with another women and a hard-on to boot. With some women you might never have left the table in one piece or ever seen them again. But that was not like her we had laid the ground rules out at the start of our relationship in fact she was the first to bring another women to our bed. We liked to be with each other very much but when the occasion presented itself we were not averse to being with others too. This always seemed, for me at least, to make me want her more. I digress.

I had gotten into the game and was up first in the second inning I could hear them both cheering as I came up to the plate. I turned to see them both in the stands. I swung at the first pitch and got a base hit. Being a pitcher I will always swing at the first pitch if it looks good to me. Because everyone always says look at the first pitch I'll always throw a strike, nice and fat just like most other softball pitchers. We won seven to five. It was customary to go to Malone's after the game for a drink. I would have it no other way tonight looking up in the stands and seeing Jasmine and Charlene sitting there. 

Each time I had looked up at them after they arrived they would howl and blow kisses at me then part there legs just enough I swear I could see there sweet pussies. After the game I hurried up to them grabbing one in each arm and kissing them both hard on the mouth our tongues darting back and forth. I also noticed that Jasmine's dress had come unbuttoned showing almost all of her thigh and all of her cleavage Charlene's had also been unbuttoned to the point her lacy bra was showing. 

We went to the car and I threw the equipment bag in the trunk Jasmine jumped in behind the wheel to drive while Charlene held the passenger door making me or letting me slide in the middle. Jasmine started the car and pulled out toward the bar, which was just at the end of the block. She pulled around back in the parking lot stopping the car as both of there hands found my thighs Jasmine said, "We don't have to stay long do we Charlene has a Hot Tub at her apartment." 

"Just one drink I swear," I said running my hands up both there legs. Finding them both to have no panties and quite wet I ran my finger across both there pussies then bringing my fingers to my mouth to taste them both they were both so nice, Charlene maybe just a bit sharper. I would investigate more later. We got out of the car, then with an arm around each of them we walked into the bar the shots were already waiting on the bar two deep so much for getting out with just one round. 

We all did our first shots with a beer chaser; I told the guys what a great game they all played. Someone started the jukebox as Bob ask Charlene to dance, which she did. I had always thought Jasmine was a dirty dancer but she didn't have much on Charlene the guys all look at the dance floor wanting there own turn. Jim came over asking Jasmine to dance and after seeing Charlene she wasn't about to refuse. The two of them acted like it was some kind of competition to see you could dance the sexist and get the most guys to cheer. Jasmine was flipping her almost unbuttoned dress but not quit showing them all her shaved pussy as the song ended. I grabbed them both a shot from the bar and announced them both the winners of the sexist dancer contest. As they threw them back we went to the bar to wash them down with a swig of beer. Another round had appeared we all drank them as another song had started we finish our beers and headed for the back door to a chorus of boo's and party-poopers. Little did they know the party was just beginning! 

We all piled back in the car and headed up the street to the apartment complex where Charlene lived. Found a place to park, on the ride I had finished unbuttoning Jasmine's dress exposing her to the streetlights. While at the same time I had also managed to undo Charlene's blouse. Again we walked together arms around each other with Charlene directing us on the path until we came to her place. She got her keys out and opened the door saying, "Y'all come inside and make yourselves to home." As she closed the door behind us I noticed a new bottle of tequila on the breakfast bar between the dining area and the kitchen. So they had already stopped by here. Or Charlene just kept one there?

I took Jasmine in my arms pushing her dress from her shoulders leaving her naked before me I bent over taking a hard nipple into my hungry mouth then pulling it with my teeth before letting it go. I felt Charlene press against my back wrapping her arms around us. I turned to her pulling her blouse back off her shoulders tossing it to the ground before reaching for the clasp and freeing her lush's tits. I felt Jasmine's hands working at my pants then Charlene was undoing my shirt as my uniform came off leaving me in just my knee socks, jock strap & cup. I knelt before Charlene and reached out to unzip her skirt slowly pulling it down to find her shaved as well. She flipped the skirt away with the toe of her hi-heel.

Ahh the sweet aroma of a women's arousal their smell filled the air; I could see the wetness gathered at her lips I reached out wiping my finger thru it taking it from her. I brought it to my nose breathing deeply then turning I raised my hand turning to face Jasmine holding my wet finger between us we kissed and sucked Charlene's juice from my finger. I felt Charlene press against my back her warm flesh melting into me her arms reaching around to run her hand over my straining cock still trapped in my cup. I wanted to feel her fondle my manhood not what it was incased in. Because I was so hard the cup was really just holding my straining cock against me as the head and about three inch's were poking out. Jasmine looked down at my predicament and began to laugh then pinching my nipple with a wicked grin said to Charlene, "I think we should leave him this way, until he has pleased us both." Turning me to show Charlene my manhood peeking out. She ran her finger around the head then said, "He's your man what ever y'all say is fine. If ya don't think it'll hurt none."

"It won't hurt him just make him a little uncomfortable maybe," She replied taking my hand and leading me to a chair then pushing me back into it Jasmine knelt removing my shoes socks and leggings leaving my supporter & cup in place. She smiled at Charlene asking, "Do you think its time to take a dip in the hot tub?"

Charlene said, "Sure lets just throw on some robes." She went in the bathroom returning with a blue one for Jasmine and a red one for her. They both slipped them on not closing or tying them. Charlene said, "I don't have anything big enough for him." 

Jasmine replied, "He's covered sort of." As she took the bottle from the bar and opened it, Charlene went into the kitchen setting a salt shaker on the bar; a bowl of limes and three shot glasses. I stood up taking the bottle from Jasmine I poured each of us a glass. As Jasmine then Charlene both salted their hands I leaned over licking Jasmine breast then salted it. Licking the salt then doing my shot. We all bit a piece of lime. Off we went to the hot tub.

As we walked down the path to the spa area. I wondered what her neighbors would says if they saw us all. I didn't have to wait long to find out as a guy coming from the parking area nearly dropped what he was carrying when he saw us. I just smiled at him.


We arrived at the hot tub it was dark but there were soft lights on in the spa. The girls both hung their robes on hooks by the fence. The spa had been enclosed by a six foot fence surrounding it with a lock on the inside of the gate. We all sunk in to the hot swirling water it felt so good after the game. Plus all the drinks had me melting into oblivion in no time. With the ladies on either side of me we all relaxed into the bubbling warmth.

I shifted trying to let my shrinking cock back into its plastic elastic prison. As Jasmine move out to the center of the tub reaching for Charlene they embraced kissing tongues probing each others mouths hands moving to fondle each others breasts. They broke their kiss as they explored each others bodies. Touching each other in the exact same place as the other was. Their fingers circling hard nipples then pinching as there tongues touched in a sweet duel before coming together in a deep kiss as their arms caressed the others body their breasts smashing together. I was to say the least enthralled by there display as my once shrinking cock returned to its full erection.

They broke there kiss turning to smile at me Jasmine saying, "See I told you he likes to watch." I reached out pulling them to me. I set one on each leg then lifted my head to share a kiss with both of them, then each in turn. I moved down to there breasts.

Charlene's were larger, the size of a small cantaloupe's where Jasmine's were about the size of a grapefruit they both were very firm. Charlene having large dark rose colored areoles with long hard nipples. Jasmine's areoles were smaller pinker with shorter smaller nipples. I pushed my face between them sucking then nipping first one then the other. To there oohs and ahhs. As they continued making out. They both reached down to my straining cock pushing the cup down fondling my steel rod. My hands slipped between them down between there open legs as I searched and found there hard love buttons. 

To get better access to there slits I removed my hands then wrapping them one around each lifting and guiding them to the other side of the spa placing them both in front of a water jet pulsing on there rear ends. As my hands found their cunts again, they both let out low moans as they reach out taking my swollen cock in there mutual grip both of there hands encircling it stroking it in unison. We gained a rhythm masturbating each other. God I do love having both of my hands each in a different pussy at the same time. Especially when one then the other cums, ummmmmm! As they did turning and sharing a kiss between the three of us I kept up the pace wanting to push them over the edge one more time before I myself exploded in their hands. It didn't take much as they both came together the second time pumping their flowing pussies on my fingers. 
