 I read the Email from Nancy again. She had been my best friend and room mate in med school. She had taken nursing and was now an RN, I had continued on and got my certification as a Physicians Assistant. And at that point we parted. She took a job in a hick town on lake Trieste. I had been working in a doctors office here in the city, but since jobs were scarce, I had taken a position as a nurse also. Now it seemed my fortunes might change. 

I leaned back on my bed, the pillow propped up and read the message again.

Dear Trinny: They finally opened the new clinic. It's beautiful, but very exclusive, with only twenty beds and each room is a small suite. They are staffing it presently and they even brought in a new doctor. He's an internist, but one of the best, I've been told. He's going to need a Physicians Assistant and I brought up your name. They want to interview you if you can make it up here by Monday.

Doctor Paulson, who you would be working for, also is taking over the private practice of the local physician. You know, the one who had a stroke last month. It's a shame, because he was only thirty eight and quite well liked. I personally think he was screwing all the night shift nurses at the city hospital and just wore himself out, but thats just the scuttlebutt. 

I was interviewed for the position as head nurse at the clinic, but they decided to give it to Cathy Manning. She was the Old doctors office nurse. I guess they figured she had more experience then I did.

Anyway, the pay is fantastic and the clinic, although small is very well equipped. Oh one other thing. If Doctor Paulson, his name's really Doctor Blake Paulson, does your interview, wear something sexy. It can't hurt and I understand that although he's just completed his internship and is only thirty one, he's one real hunk. And if I know interns, you probably could impress him with that sexy body of yours. I'll see you Monday, ta ta, Nancy.

I made arrangements to be off most of next week and drive to Lake Trieste. It was really in the sticks, thats why they needed a clinic there. The nearest full service hospital was forty three miles away.

Nancy and I had sort of teamed up in college. My father had always been dominating and to be set free in school sort of gave me a chance to sow my wild oats. I had hated my name all my life, Trinity. So everyone called me Trinny and I never really told anyone what my given name was. 

Anyway, Nancy and I were quite a team. We were confidants, and would do the most outrageous things on dares, you could imagine. The college had a lot of pre-med and med students in attendance and I think we seduced a good ten percent of them at one time or another, but never really being satisfied, we would go back to our dorm and make out together. So I guess that qualifies me as being Bi.

I met Nancy early in the day and unpacked my bags. Then we went into town and had lunch before returning to her place to get ready for my interview. Yes, I did dress sexy, but it was subtle. I mean I wore my hair up and put on my makeup perfectly. My skirt was just the right length to be chic and yet not too revealing. And my blouse could have been one button higher but I decided a little cleft would be a bit more in order. 

When I was called in, I met him. I mean he was one sexy guy, but he didn't seem to look thirty one. My guess would be more like twenty four, but when he began to ask me about my resume he was all business and his questions were direct and to the point. I loved the guy and really, really wanted him to hire me.

He did. HE DID! I was floating. I quickly sent a letter of resignation to my old bosses and sent for my other things. For the present I would stay with Nancy and learn what my new job entailed. 

Since Dr. Paulson was doing more interviews in the afternoons, I spent my time going over the patients folders in his office. Hell, he had just taken over for the old doc, and probably hadn't had a chance to look them over. 

Surprise! Most of the folders were on women, young women. And they seemed to come in more often than was really necessary and with little or no problems at all. I began to suspect that when they met Doctor Paulson there was going to be a stampede.

Since Cathy Manning was spending time as the new head nurse up at the clinic, I had a quiet office to work in. I guess boredom set in. I had finished the R, files and was beginning on the S, files when I began to think about Blake. I mean, Doctor Paulson, and one thing led to another and soon I was toying with my vagina, using my fingers. My skirt was up and folded in my lap. I had pulled my thong to one side and was rubbing my clit with my index finger when I came the first time.

It was intense, but sort of quick. I'm not a one time girl, so I turned the picture on his desk around and stared at his face as I went for a second orgasm. That was a WOWer. I mean I actually ejaculated a little and let out a low moan as my world rocked.

During number three, the door opened and he walked in. Fortunately I was sitting close to the desk and I don't think he saw me, but my face was flushed and I was sort of panting. I kept my hands low pushed my skirt down so it almost covered my knees as I tried to be as normal as possible. I mumbled something about going over his patient reports and made an excuse for using his desk. I thought I got away with it.

I should never have worn a white skirt because when I stood up I knew there was a very obvious wet spot just below my tush and it was slippery. I tried to sort of back out of the room, but still, I wasn't too sure that he hadn't seen it and known what he had interrupted.

That evening at dinner with Nancy I told her how he had walked in on me. She just smiled and put her hand on mine and explained. "Trinity, you and I are going to have to break him in right. And there's going to be a lot of competition. The nurses at the clinic are already making plans and now I understand that our new head nurse, Cathy, was actually scheduling old Doctor Trieve's patients so he could fuck them in his office. Sort of a female Pimp of sorts. She was probably joining in too. They also think the patients were paying her for the appointments."

So thats why the files were almost entirely young women with no real medical problems, I thought.

She went on. "You know, this is a very exclusive area to live in, and it's a favorite hang out for women who are getting divorced, and have to establish their residency requirement. So there's a hell of a lot of horny women who need attention, and no real men around to screw them, except the young local doctor and perhaps a few of the single kids in the area. Now which would you select?"

"I see, Nancy, but what's this plan the nurses at the clinic are cooking up? I mean he really hasn't been here long enough to know whats been going on and become involved has he?"

She smiled and patted my hand as she went on. "look honey, they know that each room at the clinic has a closed circuit TV camera in the ceiling, and they're planning to do something to him and get it on record. Then it's just a simple matter of blackmail. Easy as pie but I don't know what they plan on doing to compromise him.

The next day I went with Blake to the clinic. It was then that three of the nurses got me aside. Their plan unfolded. They wanted me to pretend to go into one of the private rooms to change into medical garb. I was supposed to undress, but stay nude. They would send him in to find me, but when he came in, they would be right behind him and lock the door.

At that point they would strip down too and with four nude women swarming over him and trying to seduce him, he'd cave in. Somehow I couldn't picture myself wrestling with my boss. And I didn't think he was going to be overwhelmed by four oversexed females. So I told them, no thanks, but I wished them well.

The next day began just like the day before. I went to the clinic with Blake but the plot had changed. I went with two of the others to check on a patient, but there was no one in the room. Just an examination table. I was tossed down and forced to strip. Then strapped to the table.

The two of them now carefully removed their uniforms and hang them up in the closet. Moments later the door opened and Dr. Paulson walked in, followed by the third nurse. 

Blake stared first at me, then slowly turned to see the other two standing near the wall. The door had been secured and the two began to slink up towards him. He wasn't smiling.

While this was going on, our new head nurse, was busily getting out of her uniform and now stood slightly behind him blocking the door.

"Trinny needs some attention Doctor. I think a thorough physical would be in order don't you agree?"

He looked appalled, but he caught on. He obviously was already in a situation that would be difficult to explain. Being in a closed room with his staff, all nude would ruin him. 

"OK now what?" he asked.

"You know doctor, her feet go in the stirrups and you begin. We'll be sure she doesn't make too much noise but than these rooms are soundproof so I think she'll cooperate. And we'll assist and help you prepare."

I obviously wasn't a party to this because I was strapped down and straining to get up. That's when Cathy began tugging at his belt and nurse Lisa unbuttoned his shirt. He stood perfectly still, almost not wanting to believe what was happening.

In moments he was standing nude in front of me while Cathy was pressed against his back with her hand over his hip. She began to slowly stroke his cock while the three of us watched it expand and grow. 

I think that's the point when he gave up. I heard someone gasp as he kept getting harder and harder as she kept sliding her curled fingers up and down its length.

It was Lisa who actually made the first move. She swung in front of Blake and positioned herself so she was kneeling on the carpet between the examination table and his swollen shaft.

He stayed almost transfixed as her head bobbed up and down on his phallus. Cathy had moved to my side as the other nurse, Mary, began to stroke my pussy with her fingers.

As her warm hand gently kneaded my shaved pussy she sort of cooed. "So soft and warm Trinny, he's going to enjoy this. You want it too don't you? Your already getting wet honey." Then she looked at Cathy and nodded.

Cathy put her hands on my breasts and began to gently pinch and roll my nipples until they were standing erect. Soon they were sending signals down to my cunt that couldn't be ignored. 

I wanted to cum and my mind was going wild as I felt the womens' fingers toying with my body. To make matters worse I had to watch Lisa's head bobbing up and down on Blake's cock as he stared at me.

The things that happened next had to have been rehearsed. Cathy put her mouth over my nipple and began sucking, as Mary began licking the insides of my thighs moving upward until she finally found my pussy.

I gasped as I felt her tongue glance over my swollen clit and my hips jumped involuntarily upward. Lisa had paused sucking on Blake and turned her head.

"she smiled and whispered. "They're both ready now Cathy. You keep sucking her tits and I'll wait for my turn."

She moved to one side as Blake hesitantly moved forward. Then she reached down and separated my sticky labia and guided Blake's dick to it's pulsating cavity.

I drew a long low breath as I felt his thick shaft enter deeply into my body. Now fully coupled, Lisa moved to one side of my tummy and watched intently as he began to slide his cock in and out. Suddenly she was stroking my clit, pausing only to spend moments patting its sensitive surface. I was going to scream.

Mary, her face covered with my juices, smothered my mouth with a kiss, forcing my mouth open and stabbing her tongue deeply in. I couldn't help myself, I began sucking it hotly as she moaned into my mouth.

Lisa watched intently and began whispering to us. "She loves it! Look at her buck. Give it to her Blake, she needs it deeper and faster.. Come on doc, pump it in, yeah like that. Fill her cunt up with that fat prick. I began to cum. Not just simply having an orgasm, but something beyond that. It boiled up inside me, my face felt hot, and my body began to writhe as his cock moved deep inside my pussy. It seemed to have life of it's own, sometimes stabbing at my "G" spot, and other times, beating against my cervix. 

There were three women and a man working on my body, giving me pleasure beyond belief.

Mary, her tongue dancing in my mouth, Cathy, making my nipples hot as her teeth raking up and down their swollen surfaces, Lisa, rolling my clit between her fingers as Blake fucked my contracting cunt.

The first time I came, I bit down on Mary's lip and moaned into her mouth, the second followed quickly and felt as if there were something alive, twisting and turning in my pussy. 

Moments later I began a series of orgasms that seemed to run together at short intervals. Over and over they tore thru my body as Blake continued to plunge in and out of my pulsating pussy.

"Nnnnnn ooooooo mmmmmmoreeee. Oh god please no more. I can't cum any more. Please. Oh god please, no more," I sobbed. 

Cathy took her mouth off my breast and looked around. "He hasn't cum yet baby. You don't want to disappoint him do you? Remember, doctors orders darling."

"Noooooooo Please no more. I can't cum anymore! You do it! You finish him. Let him fuck you! He's not going to finish. For gods sake, you make him cum."

I guess the temptation was too great, because Lisa quickly squatted at his feet and tugged his cock out of me. Opening her mouth she drew his cock down and thrust it into her mouth. 

He seemed determined not to be seduced into cumming. I was unstrapped and led to a sofa. Now Cathy climbed onto the table and knelt as Lisa folded the stirrups down and lowered the table. 

Then Mary reached between Cathy's thighs and parted her labia as Blake grasped her hips and slowly stretched her open as his cock vanished inside.

For perhaps a minute, She swayed back and forth each time his hips slapped against her ass. Her breasts hung just above the covering on the table and her nipples were being dragged across the fabric incessantly. Lisa and Mary stood by and would occasionally smack her ass as if urging her on.

Now Lisa began to urge Blake on. "She likes it hard Doctor. Shove it in harder! Give it to her deep and fast. Oh god look at her take it all."

Her hair hung down so we couldn't see her face but we could certainly hear her begging. "Yeah, That way, but not so fast. I feel it starting doc. Yeah, there. Just like that. Yeah, Unh, unh unh, it's gonna cum any second now. More! NOW! Fast and deep! Cummmmmmmmmingggggggg now!"

Cathy was actually drooling as she sobbed and gasped for air. Suddenly she went rigid and held perfectly still, her knuckles were white as she strained to keep her arms straight supporting herself. Then, almost as if drawing her last breath, she let out a long moan. Unhhhhhhhhhhh, Unhhhhhhhhhhh Oh yeahhhhhhhh, and suddenly her arms crumpled as her face fell to the table.

Doctor Paulson drew his cock out and looked around the room, almost as if asking "Who's next?" 

I actually started to try and stand but fell back on the couch. Lisa and Mary helped Cathy off the table and she wobbled over and sat next to me. Now Mary and Lisa became a bit more imaginative. 

Lisa began. "Come on Doc, you lay down and let us do the work. We don't want this operation to end up in failure, do we?"

I was thinking, How the hell does he do it? How can he fuck like that and not cum? I remember seeing a couple of those videos where girls are sucking guys off and in the end the guys had to finish themselves and shoot into the girls open mouths. Maybe he just wasn't excited enough or maybe he just kept his mind under control. I don't know, but what ever it was he was an expert at it.

By now Lisa had Blake on his back. She had lowered the table even more, and moved into position. She threw her leg over his body and inched down so her cunt was hovering over his shaft. She reached down and held it straight up and began lowering herself, letting her pussy swallow his glistening cock.

Blake stayed perfectly still as if trying not to help her, but it really didn't matter because she began to rock back and forth, up and down dragging his cock across her clit with each thrust. She reached down between her thighs and began to flick and stroke her fingers over her clit. 

She had a big cock in her pussy and really didn't seem to need his help. She was delirious with the waves of sensations coursing thru her body. Her breasts moved up and down with each driving thrust when suddenly she began to rock back and forth as if she were riding a horse. Her body moved in a serpentine wavering motion as she began gasping.

"Yeah, Oh yeah, Nice, sooooo nice baby. Wanna cum baby, need it doc. Fuck, help me. Yeah!"

He couldn't do too much at this point because Mary had straddled his face and was grinding her cunt up against his mouth. He must have been doing something because she was gripping the railing at the head and sobbing too.

I watched two depraved young women orgasm almost at the same time. Lisa let out a long gasp and fell forward, grasping Blake's ankles for support. Mary lifted up just far enough for me to see her spurt a small amount of sapid fluid into Blake's mouth before falling against the head rail. It was over.

Or I had though it was over. Cathy reached over and took my hand as Mary and Lisa dismounted. 

"Hook up the vacuum line, Trinny. Theres an evacuation cylinder in the drawer. Attach it."

I did as she said. Then she placed the clear plastic cylinder over Blake's cock and nodded. I turned on the vacuum and watched as his thick shaft was drawn up into the tube. 

"Help me over here Trinny," she went on, "I want you to turn the vacuum on and off so it sort of milks his cock. Mary, get the KY and do a rectal exam on him while I massage his balls. Well get this stud to cum if it takes all afternoon.

He was trying to get up now and Lisa quickly put the restraints over his chest and abdomen. Now he was helpless and we could do as we wanted. I watched in awe as his cock was drawn up and down in the cylinder but I had to stop because his penis was becoming purple. 

I switched to massaging his cock intermittently with my hand and my mouth. Suddenly, he began to show signs of cumming. He let out a low gasp, than a moan and his hips began to shudder. He lifted his ass up slightly and gasped. 

I had to have it. I never wanted anything as much in my whole life. He had screwed the four of us and fought cumming, but now I had him and I was going to be the one that he remembered. I was the one who did it, who sucked his warm cum into my mouth and who drank him. 

As I drove my mouth down, his cock glanced against my palate and slid down my throat. Feeling him spasm, I drew back and let his warm sperm spew into my mouth. 

Swirling my tongue around the rim of his gland, he let out a gasp and moaned. "Cummmmmmmmmingggggggg, damn you, I'm shooting. Oh fuck, take it Trinnnnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyyyyyy!" 

And I did. Oh god did I. I never believed anyone could hold so much sperm as he did. I gulped. and swallowed, and still more filled my mouth. Then he collapsed and went limp. Yeah, I was proud but now reality set in. What had we done? Sure, we had it recorded and all but how could I work with him and know how much he probably hated us.

I gathered my clothes and left. I went home and told Nancy what we had done. She just smiled and asked, "Was he good? Look honey, up here no one is an angle and we knew when we hired him that we were going to use him just as we had the others. There are a lot of patients that need his special services and he's just going to have to adjust. So don't worry so much."
