 My name is James and I’m a 35 year old Art Buyer from Manhattan, NY. Currently I’m single and have to travel a lot out of town on business for the company I work for. 

It was on one such trip out of town that I experienced a wonderful threesome with two lovely women named Allison and Rachel.

I was in Kansas City, Missouri on a rather tiresome art-buying odyssey that would take up most of the weekend as I had six different artists to visit in the Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas area. 

I arrived in Kansas City at ten am and after I got my rental car and hotel reservations taken care of I was off and running on my way to my first artist appointment at 1:00 pm. I had another appointment at 3:30 pm. 

By the time I arrived to my hotel room, my energy was tapped and what I craved was a shower and nice room service dinner.

By habit, I usually like to pick up a local paper to catch up on the news and look in the entertainment section to see what the fabulous city of Kansas City had to offer me that night.

While I ate my room service fare, I perused the paper and my eye caught something that might be interesting to check out. The ad was for a local strip-club amateur-dancing contest. I love watching budding talent because it was so much more natural and honest then the pro dancers at a strip club. Don’t get me wrong I liked the pros, however, there’s just something about a woman that’s trying or out to have a lark on the town with friends. 

I decided, why not, this could be a hoot.  As I got dressed, I looked at myself in the mirror. For a 35-year-old guy I didn’t look half bad. (This would probably be an appropriate time to describe my looks.) I’m tall with straight brown hair with deep set brown eyes, and I’m clean shaven. I try to work out as much as time permits so I have a well-toned body and a washboard stomach. As for down there, I had enough to get the job done right, and had gotten no complaints in the past. In short I thought I looked decent.

I arrived at the club somewhat early about nine pm. They hadn’t started the show just yet but were making preparations to do so soon. Of course, the club had their string of regular dancers and I enjoyed their highly erotic dances to an extent. However, as I feared, I found that these dancers didn’t have the freshness, or look about them that really turned me on. What I was waiting for was the start of this Amateur show. 

At about 10pm the club got the show started, much to my delight. As if my luck would have it, the first two dancers, who I later got to know a lot better, went on first. 

“Gentleman and ladies please give a warm round of applause for two very lovely ladies from right in here in Missouri, Allison & Rachel, show them some love if you please.” 

I woke up from my haze and concentrated intensely on these two. Allison was a brunette with a tall supple body. Her clothes fit her like a glove. She wore police officers’ leather hat and beautiful earrings, a latex top that showed a lot of cleavage and made scrunchy sounds as she moved to the house beat, a tight mini skirt also of leather which had a split in the front to reveal some, not all of her crotch. She had great breasts. She was nicely framed with perky c cups. Her nipples stuck out like little ripe buds. The hat fit her face nicely. 

Her friend, Rachel was wilder looking. She had on a shimmery blue and silver top, her red hair was pulled back into a tight bun, which enhanced her facial features. Her long slim legs were tanned and a remarkable sight. She looked as though she worked out regularly and kept her tight body in wonderful shape. In addition, she sported some great jewelry, and donned some tattoos, about five or six of them on different parts of her body. 

These two entranced me; I couldn’t keep my eyes off them for a second. They seemed to move in perfect time to the music and didn’t need much help from the professional dancer who were there to coach the amateurs with their dance steps. 

I threw a dollar or two up onto the stage to show my appreciation for them. Somehow, this must’ve worked because they danced their way over to me and danced very erotically in front of me. Thankfully, they didn’t possess that professional distant look of detachment that the pro’s had to have with customers. It seemed as though they enjoyed what they did. Maybe they were flattered that I paid so much attention to them so soon.

I grew very aroused with their dances. My kakis began to tent up like a circus tent. Funny thing was, I usually became that aroused only when I received a private table dance. 

As they began to remove their clothes, (well their tops at least) I saw their natural breasts for the first time. Rachel was also a C Cup. With delicious nipples that I coveted immensely. They were either close friends and comfortable and or bisexual because they came together and ground their tits into each other and hands were flying all around as they caressed each others body. When they finally kissed it was hotter then a two-dollar pistol on the Forth of July. Money from all sides flew as if it had wings up onto the stage much to their delight. 

Allison caught my eye again, smiled saucily at me, and I guess, or rather hoped, my skull wouldn’t pop out of my skin. My eyes tried to take in her whole body at once. There nearly caused sensory overload, no doubt, I was fascinated by her natural great looks. She reminded me of the woman next door or down the block that you’ve always fantasized about but probably would never get a chance with. By now, my cock throbbed and cried out for LIBERATION from their fabric prison. 

Allison looked over at her friend who was dancing for another guy across the way and then she whispered something to the pro dancer which I couldn’t hear over the powerful house music. I would learn later that the whisper was a request of the pro dancer to give me a table dance. She made her way over to me, put her face level with mine, and said, “Would you like a table dance?” I thought to myself is the Pope Catholic and nodded a reply.

Soon Allison and Rachel’s time was up and they were applauded thunderously. As the announcer said some parting words of praise and encouragement, Alison talked briefly with her friend and then came over to me at my table. 

“I wanted to take this time to say, I really loved you and your friends dance. My name is James, and it’s a pleasure to meet you, I said extending my hand to hers.” She took my hand and said, “it’s nice to meet you too James, my name is Allison, and my friend is Rachel.”

Now, Rachel wasn’t at our table as she was busy chatting with another gentleman across the small dance floor on the other side. She soon came back over and introduced herself to me. 

“Would you like to choose a place a little more private James,” she asked demurely. “Sure thing, that would be much more relaxing for all involved.” I said my gaze level with hers. 

We all walked back to a couch with a tall back towards the back of the club. Thankfully, there were not a lot of other people around as they all were up watching the next round of dancers. I sat down on the couch and surprised how comfortable it was. As the music thumped on, Rachel sat next to me and Allison slowly began her dance. It was 2 or 3 feet away at first but very erotic indeed. She moved like a belly dancer of the Middle East so fluid and easy going. Rachel and I both began to applaud loudly and lewdly whistle at Allison. Allison’s inhibitions were slowly melting away as she got bolder and came closer to me. 

All of a sudden, the heat in the room turned up at least three notches when Rachel started kissing my neck and tongued around my earlobe. “Oh gawd Rachel, that feels so fucking good I can’t believe it,” I gasped audibly. While Rachel teased me with her mouth and lips, Allison moved so close that I could catch a whiff of her sensuous perfume that she’d worn. Allison’s tits were right in my face now, although she had her top back on it was opened and her tits spilled out. “May I suck your tit’s Allison I’m so hot now I could almost explode,” I said with a catch in my throat. “Ok James, tell you what, I’ll make you a deal. I too am so very horny right now and I’m aching to come now so I’ll let you suck my tits to your hearts content if you let me come on your leg, how does that sound?” I thought to myself what’s the downside here? Yeah, so I might get a stain on my khakis big freaking whoop.  My face said it all and I nodded that I was fine with our deal.  

Meanwhile so as not forget Rachel, she really got into the heat of passion. She was kissing on my neck and ears; she also had her hand on the tent in my pants gently rubbing my throbbing cock. This must’ve been too much for her to take because I saw her other hand easing down her miniskirt to pleasure herself.

My eyes went in a thousand directions at once. I felt Allison rub frantically on my leg as if she were an animal in heat. I knew that legally, we couldn’t take this too far or we’d get thrown out by a burly bouncer. However, I figured as long as I kept my member safely tucked in my pants they couldn’t really do shinola. All of a sudden, I heard a gasp and felt a shudder upon my leg, and as I gazed into Alison’s contorted, twisted face I knew she was spending on me as she said she would. Rachel came in her miniskirt with a loud primal moan and I only imagined how fragrant and drenched her cunt was in her panties.

I had to summon powers of restraint to not come in my boxers too at the sight of all this female ecstasy. I let them both ride out their orgasms and then whispered sweet nothings into each of their ears. I told them both how beautiful they were and in addition how fucking hot and sexy it was to watch them climax in a public place.

When we all cooled down some I had to ask; “Do you gals want to continue this show back at either your hotel or mine.” After all, I suspected that we were all horny as toads and it would be an awful shame to have to end it here. Allison and Rachel looked at each other, and then back at me and smiled knowing smiles. I guess that would be ok to take it back to our hotel don’t you think Rachel,” said Allison with an evil grin on her face. “Yeah ok”, said Rachel, “just as long as we all play safe with protection.”

At this I beamed, and said, “Of course ladies, I wouldn’t expect anything less.”