 My name is Glenn and I hope you have enjoyed my earlier stories.

With Jenny, the former team leader, now gone Sally and myself settled into our roles as the new joint managers of the team. The first few months were very hectic as we came to terms with the additional duties and responsibilities that had accompanied our promotions.

One particular day I was about to go to lunch when I made my way through the general section of the office. Approaching the lifts I was aware that one of the workers Ruth, whom you may remember from chapter six of my stories, was walking alongside me. Even though it was lunchtime it was surprisingly quiet there were very few people coming and going as Ruth and I stepped into a vacant lift. I pushed the button for the ground floor. The doors closed and we began our ride down past five floors.

Inside the sealed carriage of the lift Ruth turned to face me. Although I now knew Ruth 'intimately' her plain conservative attire seemed at odds with the real woman that it masked. Smiling up at me she broke the ice. 

"Glenn can I come and see you later." She asked.

"Sure. Hope it's nothing serious or a problem."

"No, but I would prefer to see you on a one-to-one basis as it is a very private matter. If you get my meaning?" She smiled and winked at me as she said it.

"Okay, Sally's leaving at quarter to five tonight so anytime after then will be fine."

"I will make it around about five so that hopefully we will be left in peace."

******

Sally logged out of her computer system picked up her handbag and then she reached up to turn off the screen.

"Right I must dash. Don't work to hard now sunshine."

"No fear. See you in the morning."

As Sally walked out of our office she provocatively wiggled her arse then looked back and winked at me.

"Paul must find you irresistible." I laughed.

"I have never had any complaints."


"I am sure you haven't. Have a good evening."

I continued working away on the paperwork in front of me. My mind was spinning a little as I wondered what Ruth wanted to discuss. The fact that she did not want Sally there had slightly unnerved me. Although I had enjoyed an afternoon of sex with Ruth on one occasion the experience had not been repeated. This was despite the fact that we had decided that I would be introduced to her and her husband's 'private' swinging scene. However, I had then been promoted and was effectively acting as Ruth's boss so I had put all sexual thoughts of her out of my mind. At five minutes past five o'clock there was a knock at the door. Ruth then came into the office and sat in the seat opposite me.

"So how can I help?" I asked.

"Well for starters it's nothing to do about work. Remember when you called round to my house?"

"How could I forget." I replied recalling the sexy side of Ruth once more.

"Well, we discussed the possibility of 'playing' again with a view to you coming to one of our parties. When I explained to Alan everything we did during our afternoon together he was so turned on that he is keen for you to join the fun! Then of course you went and got yourself promoted so I could hardly introduce my new boss to the orgy parties, could I?" She asked laughing.

"I had assumed that I had been inadequate."

"Oh far from it." Ruth replied.

"I am very keen to get together some more and I can assure you that I will be the sole of discretion."

"The promotion was handy in that respect Glenn as I was sure before you would be able to keep our secret but now given your position I know you will as in a way you almost have as much to lose as me now." I nodded as this made a lot of sense. I knew that if I were to continue down this line then my bosses, were they to find out, would obviously take a very dim view of me taking part in a subordinate's sex party. 

"I am sure you can remember my suggestion that I arrange for a female friend to join us for a threesome so that you can be eased gently into the swingers scene?"

"I do. In fact it has been a constant fantasy since you mentioned it."

"Glad to hear it. We must sort out one issue to begin with. Do you remember what I said that our 'members' and their obtaining a clean bill of health?"

"Yes."

"My female friend has agreed to a threesome with you and I. However, we think now is the best time to get your first tests done." I felt a little uneasy about this at the prospect of this but quickly realised any awkwardness was minor compared to the benefits I would gain. 

"You should not worry as the doctor involved is a very good friend. He will ensure that we have utter discretion at all times. The tests are reasonably simple and straightforward and we all get re-tested every six months or so. We all feel that it's such a small price to pay for peace of mind that allows us to have so much fun."

"I have no problems with it, just tell me what I have to do." 

Ruth smiled, "Great." She handed over an envelope to me. "You will find the details in there. Telephone the doctor on the number shown at about five thirty, introduce yourself to him, he is expecting your call. Once he has undertaken the tests for you and has given you the results you and I can arrange another get together if you like?"

"Of course I want that."

"My friend and I are looking forward to it just as much as you seem to be." 

Ruth then rose from the seat and left me alone in my office. Just before the time came to make the call I checked that the general office was vacant. Having made sure that I was alone I returned to 'safety' of the confines of my room and dialled the number Ruth had given to me. The line connected then the ringing tone kicked in. After a very brief period of time a male voice answered the call.

"Is that Doctor Rankin?" I asked.

"Yes."

"My name is Glenn, I have been given your number by a friend Ruth."

"Hello, Glenn. We need to arrange for you to call into the surgery."

He then explained where he was located, what would happen during our very short meeting, the nominal fee (as he told me that he always put these items through as private work so not to arouse any awkward questions) and then when the results would be available to be collected.

******

Following my meeting with Dr Rankin I had to wait a few days that seemed to really drag. Whilst I knew that my test would be clear, given my sexual history, I wondered what torment people who did not know would have to go through in these circumstances. I received a call to advise me that the results and paperwork were in and ready to be collected from the surgery. Then on the first working day after getting the results I waited nervously in my office to discuss matters with Ruth.

"What's your problem today?" Sally asked me.

"Sorry?"

"You have hardly spoken today. Got something on your mind? Is it to do with work?"

"No, nothing's up. Don't worry."

"Okay. Well having asked I am going to go out for lunch. Paul is taking me to buy some lingerie for our weekend away."

"Now there's an image that will mean I can't get up from my desk, for fear of our team seeing my 'tented' trousers!"

"Oh saucy. I don't want to think of you in here hard thinking of me in a lacy black thong do I!" With that she winked and left the office.

I gave her two minutes to leave, then looking down from the window saw her hand in hand with Paul crossing the street, I checked through that Ruth was sat at her desk. Sitting down I dialled her extension.

"Hi Ruth, it's Glenn. Can you pop into the office for a moment so we can have a chat about that issue we discussed at the end of last week?"

"Of course." She replied in her efficient work voice.

She tapped the door and I beckoned her in. As she closed the door I noted she had moved the do not disturb sign across so as to insure we received total privacy. Sitting down she straightened her skirt then looked up allowing our eyes to lock. Her brown eyes were really sexy, especially as I now knew her secret side.

"I have received the paperwork back containing the test results. So I am, as it were, in your hands."

"Excellent." She replied. "I had anticipated you being available on Friday night, is that okay?"

"Yes, good."

"I have arranged for a friend called Hannah to come over. Her husband is going to go fishing all night with Alan. So we will have the house to ourselves until about midday on Saturday. I will leave Hannah as a surprise for you but I just know you will like her."

"I take it she goes to your parties?"

"Oh yes. I have slept with her on a number of occasions. The real aims for Friday will be to get you used to 'group activity' as you haven't had group sex before have you?"

"No." I replied blushing.

"Cool. Hannah and I love breaking in virgins. One thing I will ask is can you try to keep as much of your juices as possible for Friday as believe me you are not going to get too much sleep. I trust you will want to have a sleepover with us. Trust me its so nice sleeping in a bed with two people or more! See you about seven o'clock. You will probably meet Alan for the first time and Hannah's husband. Remember we are all part of the scene so try not to be shy or embarrassed. After all they know you are about to fuck their wives!" She giggled and got up from the seat. "I must return to the office or the tongues will wag but as we know they could never guess the truth could they!"

******

Having left work early on Friday I took my time preparing, nervously, for the night ahead of me. I showered then shaved making sure there was no stubble. I packed a small overnight bag then got dressed. I had brought a new pair of silk black boxer shorts, as I did not know what was expected of me and did not want to turn up in plain or old underwear. I wore a white shirt, smart black trousers and shoes. I spun my parents a line that I was going clubbing and would crash at a mate's house, which was not too far fetched. 

I arrived at Ruth's house, walking up the drive I noted her husband Alan packing his fishing equipment into the boot of his car, unlike before there were no fears of him seeing me.

"Hi, you must be Glenn."

I extended my hand to him then we shook hands. "Hello Alan." I said feeling remarkable calm. My composure was then rocked as his fishing companion approached the car. In shock my mouth almost feel open as I was face to face with Dr Rankin. It dawned on me that not only was I going to have sex with two women but also one would be the wife of the doctor who had examined me.

"Hello Glenn." He said.

"Hello. I was not expecting to see you so soon." We laughed.

"Well I had to know I was leaving my wife in safe hands." He turned to Alan. "I have said my goodbyes so I guess we should leave Glenn to it and get fishing." With that we bade our farewells and I approached the door to the house. 

Ruth answered to door, unlike last time she was fully dressed.

"Hi, come in."

I stepped over the threshold. When she had closed the door I approached her before kissing her lightly on the cheek. She returned the compliment.

"So, can I introduce you to Hannah?" She asked. I nodded and Ruth led me towards the sitting room. I took in Ruth's black halter-neck dress as her body swayed provocatively in front of me. We entered the room, "Hannah, this is Glenn."

"Hello Glenn." 

She stood up before me. "Hi Hannah, pleased to meet you." 

"Likewise." She said. 

Hannah was a little shorter than Ruth and was in contrast to her in many ways. She was blond and beneath her smart suit appeared to be a full and curvy chest, while Ruth was dark haired with smaller firm boobs.

"Mind if we get acquainted Glenn?" Hannah asked.

I nodded and she walked over to me. She was wearing a black trouser suit with her impressive cleavage clearly on display between the lapels of her top. There was the hint of a light blue top under her suit. I took her in my arms and began kissing her. The kisses became more passionate as I looked into her dark brown eyes. Although her hands were reaching up behind my neck I felt hands snaking over my rousing groin as Ruth embraced me from behind. Her tongue snaked across the side of my neck to my ear.

"Care to watch two women together sweetheart?" She asked.

I sat in the chair making myself comfortable as Ruth and Hannah began to embrace before me. I was entranced as I saw their tongues dart in and out of each other's mouths while they groped lightly at each other's arses. Hannah found the clasp at the rear of Ruth's neck; she unclipped it, allowing the black material to be pulled clear from Ruth's chest. Her bust jutted out perkily with her nipples already stiffened and erect. Craning her neck down Hannah clamped her lips over Ruth's left breast and suckled on her nipple. I was aware that this show so far had my cock solid and I would normally have been desperate to masturbate over this scene. However, I had observed Ruth's request and had not cum since we chatted so now could wait and bide my time.

Ruth stepped out of her fallen dress standing in front of Hannah in her suspenders, stockings and panties. Her hands fell to the front of Hannah's jacket and began unbuttoning the buttons. As the top was opened the secret of the blue top was revealed. Hannah was wearing a light blue corset, which lifted and pressed her ample bust together. Her breasts were also most spilling out of the confines of the cups of her top. Ruth returned the compliment of kissing and licking Hannah's boobs. While she did this her hands worked away at the waist of the trousers loosening the buttons and unzipped them. The fabric fell down Hannah's legs before she, as had Ruth, stepped out of the discarded bottoms.

Now the two women were once more kissing passionately. My gaze fell to Ruth's right hand, which was moving rhythmically at Hannah's groin. I could hear light squelching noises, which made me realise that no briefs had been worn under the Hannah's suit. Ruth was probing Hannah with her fingers, which was causing their embrace to be broken from time to time, as she gasped at Ruth's attentions.

"I think we need to turn our attentions to Glenn now." Ruth suggested. Hannah simply nodded.

They both turned to face me and as they walked over to me Ruth placed a finger to her lips to signify I should remain silent. She turned towards Hannah and lightly pulled on the top of her corset so that her breasts were both freed completely from the bust of her top. Hannah's titties were large and looked very firm. They also appeared to be a big and full cup size as they were extremely large yet still perky.

The ladies began undoing the buttons on my shirt as I sat appreciating their bodies. Having bared my chest Ruth planted kisses all over my chest occasionally licking at my nipples. Hannah leaned over me squashing her firm boobs into my chest as we kissed. Ruth took the opportunity to remove my shoes and socks before undoing my belt and pulling my trousers down. She left me in my shorts but delved under the waistband to massage my erect cock.

"Do you want to see him in all his glory Hannah?" Ruth asked. Hannah pulled her body back and nodded. Gently taking the waistband of my shorts Ruth lowered the material. My cock sprung from the fabric and was swiftly grabbed by Hannah. Wrapping her right hand around my shaft she began to pump her wrist up and down my erection. Once Ruth had dragged my shorts down over my ankles, stripping me completely naked, Hannah knelt between my parted legs. Slowly she lowered her head over the tip of my penis. She sucked on the head of my cock as her dark brown eyes looked up at my face.

Ruth stood beside me and turned my head so we were face to face. "This is the real benefit of having two women at the same time Glenn." With that she cupped my face in her soft hands before kissing me passionately. Her tongue entered my mouth causing me to realise now what she had meant. I could feel her tongue probing my mouth and twisting with mine, yet at the same time Hannah's tongue flicked backwards and forwards over the tip of my penis. The sensation was really unbelievable as I savoured this feeling knowing that almost all men crave it but only a very few will get to enjoy it for real. I was slightly disappointed when Ruth broke away.

"Mmmmm I had almost forgotten how good a kisser you are. Do you like the attention of two mouths?" She asked laughing.

"It's fantastic." I replied.

"Cool. Now relax and enjoy it all. Let me know when you get close and can't hold back." With that she began kissing me again. I could hear the sounds of our passionate kissing along with the sucking noises escaping from Hannah as she continued to pleasure me. 

Eventually I sensed my orgasm approach. My eyes opened and I briefly stopped kissing Ruth. "I am very close." I gasped as Hannah on hearing this massaged my balls while really going to town on fellating me. Ruth pulled me close to her forcibly thrusting her tongue into my mouth. This was too much for me as my cock erupted spraying a jet of hot semen into Hannah's willing mouth. As I wilted Ruth eased her embrace.

"Come here darling." Ruth asked. They stood in front of me with Ruth making to kiss Hannah, before pausing with her mouth open, allowing Hannah to extend her tongue above allowing my seed to drip slowly across Ruth's lips and into her waiting mouth. My cock twitched as I watched them exchanging my sperm between each of their mouths. 

"Shall we have a quick skinny dip guys?" Ruth asked. 

******

As we walked into the indoor swimming pool room I realised that I was the only naked one. The women removed what little clothing remained while I dived naked into the warm water. I enjoyed the uninhibited feeling of nude swimming once more. My last visit to Ruth's had seen me swim naked for the first time and I have to admit that the sensations are absolutely fantastic. I as I swam back down the pool I spotted the women sitting on the poolside in the shallow end. On reaching them I stopped then stood with the water over my waist.

"Which one of you ladies would like some oral pleasure?" I asked. 

"I think it polite to treat the guest first." Ruth replied. "Then you can service me honey."

Wading over I parted Hannah's thighs. Looking down she was, just like Ruth, shaven completely smooth. My tongue delved into her pink flesh. She moaned softly as my tongue flicked rapidly all over her labia. Gazing up I saw that Ruth, while sat beside us, had leant over and began to kiss Hannah. It was her turn to enjoy the glorious sensation of two willing tongues probing her body.

Ruth turned to face me and asked, "Are you hard again?" I nodded, as my cock was stiff and jutting out in the warm water. "In that case enter her, give her a very slow gentle fuck, while I lick her clit."

Lifting my groin upwards I began forcing the tip of my cock against the opening of her pussy. I waited until Ruth's tongue fell to Hannah's groin. Just as she started to lick I thrust my dick forward forcing her pussy lips to part as my manhood filled her. I remained deep inside her as Ruth lapped at her swollen clitoris. I could feel the breath from Ruth's nose on my pubes as I slowly pulled back before suddenly filled her once more. I repeated this noting Hannah roll her head from side to side. She bit down on her lower lip and began to pant. Arching her back her breasts thrust up into the air with her nipples solid and fully erect.

While licking Ruth spoke. "I think she is close to the edge Glenn make her cum now with little thrusts. While I lick have just your cock head in her opening, as this feels heavenly. Don't cum as it's my turn next." She then really licked all over Hannah's clitty. I pulled almost all the way out so my head was all but out of her cunt. I rocked backwards and forwards feeling her vaginal lips being stretched by the engorged head of my dick. As Hannah started to cum her muscles pushed me from her puffy lips. I pushed hard and entered her deeply savouring the sensations as her cunt muscles pulsed all over the length of my cock. Ruth had now begun kissing Hannah as she recovered from her climax.
