 The Piper Malibu bumped and rocked as it touched down on the airstrip in the middle of nowhere. There was nothing around the 4000-foot concrete pad except a couple of hills, a whole bunch of desert and some mountains barely visible through the shimmering heat on the horizon.

The plane rolled to a stop and headed straight back up the runway and aimed at one of the large hills off to the side. As the plane came closer the front half of the hill slid apart to reveal a large hanger with several smaller planes parked inside.

"Why do you hide the hanger?" called one of the passengers from the back of the plane.

"The earth is the most energy efficient type of insulation," the pilot replied. "The camouflage is just a side benefit. This hanger stays between 68 and 72 degrees year round regardless of what's going on outside. Right now the outside temperature is 103 and the hanger is at 70."

"All of our construction at the Oasis is ultra energy-efficient. We are off the power grid so we have to produce all of our own power. We try to use natural light wherever possible and most of our electricity is wind generated. We have solar hot water systems and even some solar electric cells although they are not very efficient."

"Cool, but where are the buildings?" another passenger asked.

"You'll see," said the pilot.

As the propeller spun to a stop the door was opened from the outside by a large very fit black man wearing baggy drawstring pants and a tight linen t-shirt. "Welcome to the Oasis," he called into the plane with a thick accent. "Watch your step exiting the plane and come with me. Your bags will be delivered to your rooms later."

The large golf-cart shuttle pulled out of the hanger and followed a gravel path to a depression between two mounds and down a steep hill into what appeared to be a round crater approximately 100 yards across and 40-50 feet deep. The center of the crater was lush and green with palm trees and a large swimming pool. It looked like exactly what it was named – an oasis in the middle of the desert.

"All the buildings here are built into the walls of the crater," the driver explained. "Each guest room is identical. They have a living room, bedroom and bathroom. I think you will find the accommodations very acceptable. Dinner is served in the main building from 5 to 7 each night; breakfast is from 6:30 until 8 every morning. Lunches will vary based on your individual activities and there are refrigerators with drinks and snacks located all over the facility. Tonight we will all have dinner together and then after that you are on your own for meals. There is no charge for anything here. There are also very few rules. Everything is clothing optional except meals and then you must wear something. Any questions?"

"Is there a safe in the room?" one of the passengers called out.

"No and there are no locks on the doors. Any doors." The driver answered. "You were instructed not to bring money and if you have valuables you can check them in the main building and we will return them when you leave."

"What about my laptop?" the passenger continued.

"I can dispose of it if you'd like," the driver said with a grin. "There is a hazardous waste disposal site near the airport where I picked you up. Here we are at the first room. Karen and Jim this is your stop. Jenny and Bill are next, then Lisa and Johnny and finally Amy and Lance."

The driver drove around the compound dropping the couples at their respective rooms with a reminder that dinner would begin at 6 and that they were on their own until then.

Karen & Jim

Karen walked around the room looking in the closets and checking out the bathroom while Jim flopped on the bed.

"Great room!" Karen said as she wandered back into the bedroom. "I am going to take a quick bath. There is a really cool Jacuzzi tub."

"I am going to stay right here and take a nap," Jim replied. "I am ready to get into vacation mode."

Karen kicked off her flip flops and began unbuttoning her sun dress as she headed into the bathroom. The cool tile felt good on her bare feet as she reached back to unclasp her bra. She turned on the water and shrugged out of her bra. She stood admiring her body in the full-length mirror.

For 43 she had held up quite well. Her breasts had dropped a little but were still full and topped by spectacular dark nipples. Her nipples were very sensitive and sometimes when she masturbated she imagined that she was with another woman and they were rubbing their nipples together. She had never been with another woman but had fantasized about it for years.

She removed her panties and noticed that she was getting wet looking at herself in the mirror. She spun around so she could see her butt and was quite pleased. It was firm from the constant workouts and was Jim's favorite part of her body. He loved pushing her flat face-down on the bed and fucking her hard from behind. She reached back and spread the cheeks of her ass and felt her cunt throb in anticipation.

The bath felt spectacular as she slid deeper into the water. She noticed a small tray with soap and a razor sitting on the edge of the tub. "This is a nice touch" she thought as she took the razor and started soaping up her legs. 

She got to the top of her thighs and with a smile began soaping her pubic hair. Jim had teased her for years about shaving her pubic hair and she smiled at the thought of his face when he saw her bald mound. She quickly shaved the easy parts and took her time around her sensitive swollen lips.

When she was done she pushed her cunt up and out of the water, admiring and massaging the smooth skin. She let her ass sink back down in the water with her hands still firmly attached. She pinched her clit between her fingers and decided that Jim had slept long enough.

He was on his stomach in his boxers as she quietly padded out of the bathroom. He stirred a little as she climbed on the bed and straddled him. He groaned slightly as she began to massage his shoulders and then compliantly lifted his hips when she tugged his boxers off.

Karen straddled his firm ass and gently ground her bare cunt into him as she leaned forward and rubbed his neck and shoulders.

"I have a little surprise for you," she whispered in his ear as she lightly teased his back with her erect nipples. "It's something you've wanted for a long time."

Jim shifted his hips and pushed back against her cunt and with an evil chuckle turned over underneath her. Karen sat up so Jim had a full view of her beautiful completely naked body.

"Oh my God, you did it!" he exclaimed. "It looks even better than I dreamed. Wet-dreamed of course."

"Be careful, it's still a little sensitive," Karen warned laughing. "That skin hasn't seen the light of day since I was 13. Do you like it?"

"Come up here and let me have a closer look," Jim said as he slid Karen up his body. "You look spectacular!"

As Karen's cunt reached Jim's chin he leaned forward and licked from the bottom of her cunt to her swollen clit, pushing his tongue past her thick lips and into her soaking cunt as he went. Karen groaned and shuddered as Jim's tongue probed deep inside her tight cunt.

Karen started grinding her clit into Jim's face and moaning as she neared her climax. Jim's chin and cheeks were covered with her juices as she slid her cunt back and forth across Jim's face.

The waves of orgasm crashed over Karen. Her cunt filled Jim's mouth as her vaginal muscles contracted uncontrollably. She was panting almost as if in labor as she experienced the intense orgasm. When the contractions subsided she fell off Jim and lay next to him on the bed.

Jim got on his knees next to his nearly comatose wife and stroked his rock-hard cock.

"You are the most beautiful woman in the world and I can't wait to come all over that spectacular body," Jim panted as he stroked his cock faster.

Karen opened her eyes just in time to see Jim's cock erupt and spew his first shot on her tits. He then turned his cock toward her freshly-shaven cunt. "This should help with the razor burn," he said as his cock sent a stream of sperm onto her bald mound and flat stomach.

Karen lazily rubbed the cum into her breasts with special attention to her nipples and then let her hands trail down to the spot that had so recently been covered in pubic hair. "I really like this," she said dreamily. "I didn't think I would, but I do. It is so soft and smooth. I should have listened to you sooner."

"I think this is just the first of those this weekend," Jim said quietly. "I think we are both in the mood for some spice in our sex lives and this is just the place to get it. I am now officially in the vacation mood. I'm looking forward to dinner."

Jenny & Bill

Jenny was a small-town Irish girl whose parents immigrated to the United States when she was 8. Her father was a very talented engineer who was recruited by Intel to help them make their plants more efficient. They landed in the Silicon Valley in 1990. Just in time to ride the tech wave to incredible wealth and then she met Bill through a friend of the family while volunteering at Stanford Hospital.

Their life together had been very easy. With no money worries, they had been able to take expensive vacations, drive the best cars and live in a beautiful home. Their activities had allowed them to avoid dealing with some of the underlying issues every couple must face. For example, Jenny had attended private Catholic schools for her entire education and was very reserved about sex. She enjoyed it but was always taught that sex was for procreation and not for fun. Bill was getting bored and a little frustrated with his wife's unenthusiastic attitude about sex. His frustration and boredom was not lost on Jenny.

Bill was not the most talented student in high school but was certainly not dumb. His father was a high tech venture capitalist and got Bill a job with a start-up gaming company right out of high school. Bill had written several best-selling computer games and was a multi-millionaire by the time he was 24. When they met, Bill was 22 and Jenny was 20. They married 2 years later right after Bill's second video game went gold and he got a bonus check for $850k in addition to his $350k salary. The money kept rolling in and he and Jenny were very happy.

With his father's help, Bill had invested his money wisely. Diversifying between the stock market, real estate and bonds had helped him weather the world recession very well and his net worth was now over $60 million. Wealth does not guaranty happiness and that was the case with Bill.

He had lost interest in writing video games and did not get a big thrill from being part of management so he was just killing time at the office and his sex life at home was really boring. He felt like an NFL player that is finished at 32 and has too much time on his hands. He had been smoking more dope lately, sometimes stopping to light up on the way to work and staying buzzed all day.

When they arrived at their room, Jenny took a quick tour and announced that it was very much like their room in Bora Bora – one of their first vacations together and still one they remembered fondly. It was the first time Jenny had ever sunbathed nude – and the last as far as Bill could remember – and was a carefree time for both of them.

"I loved Bora Bora," Bill said as he took his petite wife in his arms. "Seeing you naked on the deck was one of the most exciting things I have ever experienced. My dick got so hard so fast I nearly passed out from blood loss."

"I remember," Jenny laughed as she hugged Bill back and stared up at him. "I barely made it inside before you were all over me. I can't believe we didn't get caught. I haven't felt that free in a long time and I miss it. I want this vacation to be like Bora Bora only better. I did things there I had never done before. It was scary and fun and exciting all at the same time. I think we both need some of that."

"I agree baby," Bill said. "How about we start right now?" Bill's hand slid down to grasp Jenny's small ass and grind his dick into her.

Jenny squealed and twisted out of Bill's arms. "Wait right here," she said scampering out of the room. "I want to show you my dress for dinner and see what you think."

Bill sighed and sat on the bed feeling the frustration start to rise. He was hoping to get some before dinner and then have a chance to sneak off and burn one before dinner to get a buzz going. He was pretty sure dinner would be a real snoozer.

"Close your eyes," Jenny called from the bedroom. Bill heard her come into the room. "OK, you can look."

Jenny was standing before him in a crocheted black dress with only a black thong underneath. Her breasts were clearly visible through the material and the dress came barely halfway down her thigh. It was stunning and Bill was at a complete loss for words.

"They said we needed to dress for dinner so I thought this little number might do," Jenny said as she pirouetted in front of Bill. "Does the back look OK?"

Jenny slowly bent over and touched her toes in front of her stunned husband. The dress rose as she bent forward and her cunt – bisected by the thong – came into view. Bill stared at the spot between his beautiful wife's thighs where the thong disappeared into the folds of her cunt.

"Who are you and what have you done with my wife?" Bill blurted.

Jenny reached back and spread the cheeks of her ass revealing her tiny puckered anus. "That gal was about to lose her man to boredom. She stayed home and sent me in her place," Jenny said as she slowly straightened up. "We thought you would be OK with that."

"Yes," Bill said with a huge smile. "I am very OK with that. But what do I call you?"

"Call me JJ," Jenny said as she slid her hands up her body to cup and fondle her breasts. "Still Jenny, just twice as good."

"OK, JJ it is," Bill said as he stood and came toward his wife. "But if you're going to wear that dress to dinner you better take it off or I'm going to rip it off."

"I'm a lot closer to naked than you big boy," Jenny said as she slipped the dress over her head. "Get out of those clothes because JJ is ready to rock!"

Bill never took his eyes off his wife as he quickly shed his clothes. She was standing naked three feet away from him pulling on her left nipple with her right hand and massaging her cunt with her left. She pulled her hand from between her legs and pushed two fingers into his mouth. They were covered in warm, thick, sticky fluid.

Bill grabbed her arm and crushed her to him, smashing his rock-hard 8-inch cock between them. He could feel her small but firm tits pressed against his chest as she ground her pussy against his leg. Her gushing cunt soaked his thigh as she humped it.

Bill picked her up – she was only 5 feet tall and weighed 100 pounds – and dropped her on the bed on her back. Her legs splayed open and Bill moved between them, pulling her hips to the edge of the bed. With one thrust he buried his cock in her tight wet cunt.

Jenny gasped as her womb was invaded by the large penis. Bill was standing on the floor and had great leverage as he pounded her pussy mercilessly. She could feel his cock slide almost completely out of her cunt and then slam back home with the tip pushing against her cervix as it hit bottom.

Jenny loved being taken like this and she didn't last long before she felt the waves of orgasm building inside her. She pushed her legs a little wider apart and exposed her clit to Bills pounding pelvis as the waves crashed over her and she moaned in ecstasy.

Bill felt her convulse around his cock and knew that Jenny was coming. He watched his cock slide in and out of his wife's perfect little cunt and saw her tiny asshole pulse as she came. The juices coating his dick started frothing and got milky as Jenny's cunt gushed cum.

It was too much to take and Bill felt his balls tighten and then the head of his cock swelled and burst shooting streams of cum into Jenny's abused pussy. His cock twitched six or seven times as he emptied his cum into her flooded vagina.

Bill left his cock in her cunt until he was sure it was empty and started to deflate. Then he slowly pulled it out watching the whole time. He loved watching cum leak from her cunt as the head of his dick exited the tight hole.

He was surprised when Jenny reached down and held his cock as it slipped from her cunt and scooped up some of the cum that ran out as his penis slid out of her pussy. She brought her hand to her mouth and licked their combined juices from her hand clearly savoring the taste.

"When I masturbate I always like the taste of my cum," she said dreamily looking directly at Bill. "But ours mixed together is even better. Someday I'll tell you the rest of my fantasy about that but right now come lay next to me so I can feel you." 

Bill crawled up next to Jenny and she rolled into him throwing a leg over him so her cunt was resting on his thigh. He could feel the cum draining from her pussy onto his leg. He small firm breast were pressed into his chest and he could feel her nipples pressing into him.

"JJ, the old Jenny never would have done that," Bill said. "The old Jenny would never have even thought that."

"The old Jenny thought about lots of things," Jenny whispered in his ear. "She just never had the balls to do them. JJ is rewriting the rules dude. You aint seen nothing yet."

"Dude?" Bill asked rhetorically.

Jenny smiled and snuggled into his chest. 

Lisa & Johnny

"So what do you think?" Johnny asked when the door was closed.

"The little blonde – Jenny – is very intriguing," Lisa answered. "She is very conflicted and beautiful. I would love to help her resolve her conflict."

"What about her husband?" Johnny asked smiling. "Is he conflicted?"

"I don't know," Lisa said. "I didn't get much from him. He seems disengaged."

"Who else?" Johnny asked.

"Amy and Lance have all sorts of issues and the pilot is not someone you want to trifle with," she responded. "He has some sort of military background and speaks with a serious command voice so he was probably some high-ranking officer commanding troops in the field. No desk job for that guy."

"Interested?" Johnny asked with a small smile. "Remember the General?"

"Maybe and yes, of course I remember the General," Lisa answered as she reached back and unzipped her light sundress and let it drop to the floor in a pile at her feet. She kicked off her shoes and dropped her thong on her discarded dress. "Right now I could use a massage. You game?"

"Always," Johnny said with a smile as he stared at the beautiful naked woman climbing on the bed next to hm. "Do I ever deny you anything?"

"Never, my love," Lisa sighed as she settled onto her stomach with her arms stretched over her head. She was 39 years old but looked much younger. Her thick wavy reddish brown hair fanned out over her back and reached nearly to the small of her back. Her body was completely free of tan lines except for the outline a small thong on her firm round ass. Her light brown skin and dark eyes were the result of the combination of a French father and a Moroccan mother.

"I'll be right back with some lotion," Johnny said as he slipped off the bed and padded to the bathroom shedding his clothes as he went. Johnny would be 60 at the end of the year but no one ever took him for more than 45 or 50. He was six feet tall and weighed 180 pounds and had kept himself in top shape his entire life. A world class swimmer until he was in his mid-twenties, he had moved from sport to sport throughout his life to maintain his motivation and his physical prowess. He kept his head and body clean shaven so no trace of gray hair showed anywhere.

"This looks like something you will like," Johnny said as he came back into the room and climbed onto the bed and straddled his subject. "There were several to choose from but I think you'll like this one."
