 I have been naughty at my job lately. I'm a nurse and work at the hospital. For years, I was a straight shooter, but lately I have been bending the rules a bit. I have been having sex with my patients. They don't seem to mind, and it breaks up my day a little. Usually, my naughty fun starts when I give them sponge baths.

Lately, I have been having a strange compulsion. I enjoy having sex with fat people. It really turns me on and gets me horny. Lucky for me, a lot of people come through the hospital who are fat. One time, this heavy man needed a bath and he was on my patient roster. I was excited that he was my patient. I could feel my pussy getting wet in my panties. I hoped that he'd be interested in a little fun.

When I entered the room, he smiled and I could tell he liked what he had seen. I made sure to flirt with him. He was an easy target and I knew he'd be putty in my hand. Thankfully, he was horny, and his hands were all over me. He massaged and soothed my bottom in my scrubs. I was hot and horny just looking at his blubber. He was saying all kinds of dirty things while I gave him a bath.

He begged me to stroke him. I was happy to do it. I moved my hand up and down his cock. He got hard quickly and I continued to play with it. He begged me to suck his cock. He didn't have to ask me twice. I wrapped my mouth around his cock and sucked on his dick. I played with his blubber while taking more and more of his cock into my throat. He was moaning and groaning while I pleasured him. He begged me to fuck him. I again was happy to oblige.

I undressed and climbed on top of him in his hospital bed. I eased my wet cunt over his cock and fucked him. He was so fat and couldn't even move while I bounced high on his cock. I played with my breasts and came on his cock. He was excited and asked me to finish him off again in my mouth. I got off him and wrapped my mouth around his dick again. He blasted my mouth with come and I happily drank it down.

He was like a pig in shit and was thrilled that a hot and sexy nurse fucked the shit out of him. I was happy to have sex with a fat guy. I didn't know why heavy men made me so hot. It surely was a weird fetish. Like I said, lots of heavier men end up at the hospital for various reasons. They were lucky if I was there nurse. I loved fucking them.

Another time, a morbidly fat woman was my patient. I again was hot and bothered and excited to give her a bath. My pussy was a wet mess thinking about her blubber and wondered if she'd be up for a little fun. I again made sure to make her feel comfortable and flirted with her. She was also like putty in my hand. She too played with my bottom in my scrubs. My pussy was on fire. I moved my hands along her pussy and washed her there. She smiled and asked that I finger her. I was happy and did just that. I moved my fingers all over her pussy. She became wet and begged me to fist her. I had never fisted anybody before. I wanted to please her and did what she said to do.

I moved my fist inside of her deep and hard which made her moan out loud. She really was enjoying what I was doing to her. At that moment, I was happy that I was giving her pleasure. She was soothing my bottom in my scrubs. My pussy was on fire when I fisted her. It was very exciting to see her orgasm. I pulled my fist out and she had a squirting orgasm. It was very sexy to watch. She wanted to return the favor and told me to hop on top of her face. She wanted to lick me into an orgasm. I was so hot and bothered and did just that.

I took off my clothes and climbed onto her hospital bed. I placed my bald pussy up against her face. She licked my folds and sucked on my clitoris which drove me into a tailspin. I had repeated orgasms while she ate me out. She was slurping on my juices while I played with my tits. It was so amazing to be riding her face. I came several times on her tongue. I thanked her for all the amazing orgasms. She was thrilled that somebody as hot as me had sex with her. She smiled when I walked out of the room.

I had a weird fetish. I had to keep my fetish under control. Most people would think it was a little different. Don't get me wrong, I love to have sex with normal people too. It seemed that heavier people were in the hospital. I also welcomed the chance to have naughty fun with a hot and hung guy too. I just would have to wait for someone like that to end up at the hospital.

**

I had been doing my naughty games at the hospital with the patients. There was this hot patient that came into our department the other day. All the nurses were in love with him. We all drew straws and whoever won, got to give him his sponge bath. I won and was the lucky nurse. They were all envious. I was excited and hoping he'd like to have some fun. It wasn't every day a hottie was in the hospital. I had to work fast and hoped he'd want to have sex.

I was almost embarrassed because he was so good looking. I wondered if he'd be up for a little fun. Before I went into his room, I applied my lip gloss. Men always enjoy women who wear gloss or lipstick.

"I'm here to give you a sponge bath. My name is Emma."

"Nice to meet you Emma, I'm Tony."

"This won't take too long. I'm really good at this."

"I bet you are."

I filled my basin with warm water and wet the wash cloth. I washed his body and he was enjoying it. I couldn't believe how big his cock was. Even in a resting position it was so big. I picked it up and washed that too. He just smiled at me with a strange look.

"Wow, your cock is so big. It's really a lovely cock. The best I've ever seen."

Tony giggled and could see how aroused I was becoming. He just giggled while I held it. He didn't seem bothered that he had a full erection.

"You can suck it if you want! I'd love to come before I go to sleep."

"Sure. I could do that."

I wrapped my mouth around his cock and brought it down my mouth. I was enjoying sucking his dick. I wanted to make sure I did a good job. He was the hottest guy that ever asked me to play with his dick.

I was making all kinds of slurping noises while playing with his warm balls. He was moaning and pumping his cock into my mouth. He was enjoying what I was doing.

"Fucking hell, I need to come. Shit!"

He blasted my mouth with a pile of his come. I swallowed it down and smiled at him.

"Thanks a lot. Now I can go to sleep. What a nice thing to do for a guy."

"No problem. It was my pleasure."

I really had enjoyed sucking his cock. I realized that I was becoming a slut. I loved giving strange men oral sex. I really kicked up my naughty behavior. I was starting to get a name for myself around the hospital.

All the male nurses always snickered at me when I passed them. I suppose patients were starting to talk about me and my talent. I was starting to need to have any kind of sex at the hospital during my rounds.

When I was leaving the hospital one night, Brad one of the male nurses was yelling my name in the parking lot.

"Emma, wait! I have to ask you something."

I stopped and turned around to look at him.

"What's up?"

"Heard about your fun and games around the hospital. Some guy named Tony was bragging about the blow job his night nurse gave him. You could get fired for that kind of shit."

"Jesus! I'm so embarrassed. I just couldn't help myself. Please don't tell. I'll pay you to not say anything."

"I also heard you like to get funky with fat people. Kind of a freaky fetish for a girl next door type. You're becoming a legend around the hospital. Hey if you fuck me, I won't tell anybody about the shit you do around here. It will be our little secret."

I was shocked that my sick little problem was getting exposed. I didn't know if I should cry or just take him up on his little proposition.

"Emma, you're kind of in a bind. If you don't fuck me, you'll risk me telling everybody what you like to do. I think you'll be very embarrassed. Fucking morbidly fat guys and gals. I heard you had oral with some fat chick. She said you fisted her and made her come. She said you rode her face and had multiple orgasms. You told her you loved fat people. That's weird! I think your boss would fire you. Not a good thing having sex with the patients!"

I was humiliated that my patients would have told others about my naughty games. This would likely get me fired and sent to the ethics committee. I would lose my license and not be able to practice nursing if this got out. I knew Brad had me in a serious corner. I would have to do anything he said. He knew he had me.

I felt sick that I would have to have sex with him. He wasn't a bad looking guy. He wasn't my type. I could tell that he was very perverted. He'd probably make me do stuff I wouldn't want to do. He'd make me act like a complete whore. He'd make me pay for every nasty thing I did. He would totally get off on controlling me. I knew I was in deep shit.

"Fine. Let's get it over with. I want to do it now."

"Sure. Let's go. I have a room at the Hyatt. Follow me there."

"You can't say a word!"

"A deal is a deal. I won't say anything."

I got into my car and followed Brad to the hotel. I couldn't believe that I had to have sex with him. I knew he'd make me fuck him in all kinds of positions. He'd make me say all kinds of dirty things. I couldn't imagine what he'd have me do. He had me just where he wanted. I was humiliated that my naughty games became public. I was mortified in every way.

The hotel wasn't too far from the hospital. I followed him to the parking lot and he met me by my car. I got out and he grabbed my hand and we walked into the hotel.

I was sick and hoped that he was just a normal guy and didn't want anything to freaky. I had a feeling that he was going to ask me to do weird shit. I just hoped he'd keep his promise.

"You know Emma, a few of my friends are here too. I figured you were a kind of girl that likes to have freaky fun. I know you will like this. A cock in all your holes. Sounds hot, right?"

"Whatever you want. Please don't tell anybody about my naughty fun."

"Yup. I'll never talk about it again. I know you'll like this. Not sure if you know them though. It's just a couple of friends."

"Like who?"

"Just a couple of nurses. Your patients told a few of us. We promise not to tell your boss. Just fuck us and your secret will be safe. Jesus, you may enjoy yourself. An orgy might just be what a hornster like you needs. You're a hot girl!"

"Okay."

We walked into the elevator and Brad opened the door to the room. There were three other men there. Lucky for me, I didn't know them. They must work on other floors of the hospital.

"Guys, this is Emma the woman I told you about!"

The men all looked at me and smiled. I was repulsed that I had to have sex with all of them.

"Emma, you can start with taking off your clothes. Lay on the bed and masturbate. Make yourself come."

"Are you kidding?"

"Do you want me to tell your boss?"

"No! Fine."

I stood in the center of the room and took off my scrubs. I pulled the top off and unhooked my bra. My breasts were in their view. I pulled down my scrub bottoms and took off my panties.

"She's fucking hot. Look at her boobs! Nice shaved pussy too. She's a ten!"

"I told you she was a nice piece of ass. I bet she's a hot lay. She's making me hard!"

I couldn't believe how they were talking about me. They undressed and watched me get on the bed. I walked over to the bed and sat down. My back was up against the headboard. I spread my legs and played with my pussy. I rubbed my pussy lips with my fingers. I wet my index finger and pushed it up into my pussy. I fucked my finger while they all watched.

"Put more of your fingers inside of yourself," screamed Brad.

I pushed more fingers up inside of myself and fucked myself.

"Moan out loud."

I was moaning while I fucked myself.

"Make yourself come. Come on!"

I fucked myself repeatedly and finally had an orgasm. They all rushed over to the bed to taste my pussy juices. Brad went first and slurped on my sweet pussy juices. He licked my pussy up and down and all around. He got up and all the others took turns.

I was moaning uncontrollably and was enjoying what they were doing to me. I came several times while I screamed out with each orgasm.

"Fuck. She's so sexy Brad. What a slut!"

I knew I was a slut. I loved having them eat my pussy.

"Let's fuck her. She's more than ready."

The heavier guy got on his back. I climbed on top of him and eased down on his hard cock. He was much heavier than the other men. I kind of liked that he was fat. I don't know why fat men turn me on. I guess I'm weird like that. I slowly eased down on his cock and fucked him slowly. He sat up and played with my breasts. I rocked and moved and came while fucking him.

"She's so sexy. Her pussy is so fucking wet. Tell me you like fucking fat guys!"

"I like fucking fat men. I like it so much. Oh God, I'm coming. Shit!"

I had an orgasm on the heavy guy. Brad came up from behind me and spat on his palm. He slowly pushed his cock up inside of my asshole. I moaned and groaned while he entered my most sacred spot. I kept fucking the heavier guy while Brad fucked my asshole.

"Tell us how you like fucking strange men!"

"I love to get fucked by strangers. Oh God, I'm coming!"

I kept having orgasms while fucking the heavy guy. He was drilling my pussy fast and squeezing my nipples. I had orgasm after orgasm fucking him. Brad was spanking me and pumping my ass hard with his cock.

"Put your cock into her mouth. Fill her holes!"

The other guy stood on the bed and pushed his cock into my mouth. I was sucking and slurping and enjoying his dick. I was loving being used by these men. I was coming repeatedly. Finally, the heavier man blasted my pussy with his come. Brad and the heavy guy switched places. I eased down on Brad's cock and fucked him. The heavy guy pushed his cock into my asshole. They were all using me.

The two other guys took turns with the heavier guy and fucked my asshole. Brad continued to lay there while I fucked him cowgirl position. He played with my breasts while I fucked him.

"You're a real slut, Emma. You're so perfect. I'm coming!"

Brad blasted my pussy with his come.

"Let's eat her pussy again. Get off Brad!"

The men pulled out of my ass, and I got off Brad. I spread my legs and they each took turns licking the come from my cunt. I squealed like a pig while they ate my cunt. They ate my pussy until I was a creamy mess. They each took turns fucking my ass and pussy. We fucked all night long. I was fucked in every position imaginable. I sucked their dicks and swallowed enough come for a year. I made sure to be the hottest fuck in the world.

"Emma, you're a hot piece of ass. Will never reveal your secret to anybody. A deal is a deal."

"If you want to do this again sometime, I'd really like that."

"Honey if you want to do this again, I'd be happy to set it up."

Brad and the guys all laughed. I knew they would never tell. I just hoped they'd want to get together again. I loved being used like a complete slut. I promised to never have sex with the patients again. I just wanted to have sex with Brad and his friends. I never had so many orgasms. I guess I was now a "Nurse Slut."