 I tipped the remaining contents of my beer down my throat and placed the empty bottle on the cottage chair armrest. The small flames from the tikki torches surrounding the patio danced pleasantly about us as we enjoyed a moment of silence. It was late in the evening, and our 'team-building' day with the staff in our office was coming to a close. We had spent it at the Director's cottage: a secluded piece of island property an hour south-west of the city. 

The only employees left on the porch were me, the finance guy Simon, the manager Carmen, program assistant Sarah, and receptionist Natalie. The rest had either returned home or had retired for the night. The spacious cottage could accommodate a number of guests, and I had decided to stay for the night. My decision proved to be a highly rewarding one.

"Who wants to join me for a sauna session?" I asked, breaking the silence.

"Sorry people, I'm done for the day," said Simon. "But help yourselves to drinks and snacks, and I've shown you the sleeping arrangements, so enjoy."

"I'm going to bed as well," said Carmen. "Good evening all." 

I was a little disappointed. Carmen was older—about 35, but had a body to die for. We had all spent a lot of time near the lake throughout the day, and Carmen's bikini left little to the imagination. It allowed me excellent views of her massive, firm, round breasts. They were glorious. Very large, perfectly shaped, and they hung beautifully on her thin frame. More than once during the day I was forced to conceal a massive erection after observing her sunbathing.

I looked hopefully at Sarah and Natalie.

"I'll go," said Natalie.

I was mildly surprised. Nat and I were not particularly close, and had only exchanged pleasantries in the office. She was two years younger than me, French, and married. I did not get the impression that she disliked me, but she had not warmed up to me as much as Sarah had. Sarah was also married, but we got along rather well both in and outside the office. We played beach volleyball together and had gone out for drinks a number of times. In fact, I had the impression she had a crush on me, and did not seem overly concerned about hiding it.

"Great! Sarah?"

"Sure. Just let me get changed and I'll meet you down there."

"I'll join you," added Nat.

We bade goodnight to Simon and Carmen and parted ways. I grabbed my towel from the porch railing and walked to the sauna. It was a small, cosy cabin with a woodstove with rocks on top, and worked rather well. We had used it earlier in the evening and did not require much stoking. Minutes later I heard the girls' voices approaching and stepped to the side as the door of the sauna opened.

"Hey guys. It'll be nice and hot in a few minutes. I'm going to jump in the lake first," I said. The girls agreed to join me and we made our way down to the dock. There were tiki torches on either side of the dock, and I lit them to give us some light. I pulled off my shirt and looked over at the girls. I had watched them swimming and sunbathing throughout the day, but was excited for another view of them in their swimwear.

Sarah was thin, with straight dark brown hair just past her shoulders. She had eyes to match her hair, and pale skin to contrast. She had a gentle curve at her waist, long toned legs, and medium-sized breasts being cradled by a lime green bikini. 

Nat was slightly shorter than Sarah, with straight dirty blonde hair about the same length as Sarah's. She was a little heavier than Sarah, with a cute, round face and deep blue eyes, but she carried the weight in all the right places. Her curves were much more voluptuous, giving her body a delightful plumpness without being overweight or under-toned. Her ass was round but firm, her hips curvy, and her stomach flat and soft—but her most notable feature was her bust. Her breasts were round, plump, and massive. They were so large that they made her body look smaller, and they made it extremely difficult to look anywhere else. 

Unfortunately she dressed quite modestly, and the only chances I got of beholding her bountiful bosom was when she was leaning over to collect files from the cabinet and happened to be wearing a scoop-neck top. Her bathing suit was not much better. It was a one-piece that fastened around her neck instead of having straps over her shoulders. My disappointment at her lack of bikini, not to mention an entire lack of any cleavage whatsoever was nearly palpable. However, I did manage to get a few side-boob glances throughout the day, especially when she was lying on her stomach. Not to mention the tantalising sight of her erect nipples showing through the tight black material of her bathing suit. Sarah was more of an exhibitionist. I enjoyed watching her tits bounce around in her bikini and the sight of the material of her bottoms gathering between the cheeks of her ass.

I stood at the edge of the dock as the girls undressed. I dove in, feeling the cool water against my skin. As I emerged, I turned around to see the girls wading into the water at the side of the dock where the rocks faded gradually into the water. They were waist-deep, and I saw the light of the flames tracing soft lines around the curves of their breasts and waists. 

I felt a stirring in my shorts as Nat pressed her arms against her chest due to the coolness of the water, pushing her massive breasts out from the sides of her suit. Sarah's nipples poked sharply from the middle of her bikini cups, and her shoulders were drawn up, creating a sensuous gulf between her tits. I climbed out by the ladder at the end of the dock, making no effort to hide the suction of my bathing shorts against my semi-erect penis. As I walked past the girls, I glanced at their faces. Both staring intently at my groin, mouths slightly agape. I smiled to myself.

"See you in the sauna, ladies." 

I grabbed my towel on the way, and entered the now-sweltering sauna.

I sat on the top bench, my back against the hot wood wall behind me, my eyes closed. I could hear the girls approaching again, speaking in hushed tones. The door creaked open and they entered hurriedly, trying not to let too much hot air out into the night. They were wrapped in their towels, and noticing how hot it was inside, placed them on either side of me. I had sat strategically in the middle of the main bench, ensuring there was not enough side on either side of me for both of them to sit. There was a side bench, but it was very close to the heat of the woodstove, and was fairly dark, since the dim light was fixed on the opposite side of the cabin. Now flanked by the two co-workers I fantasised about most, I was excited and horny. We made idle chat as beads of perspiration began to form on our bodies.

"I think I hurt my neck swimming today. It feels really tight." Nat was rubbing her neck and tilting her head back. I saw my opening.

"If you turn to the side I can give you a massage, if you want." I offered. Both Sarah and Nat looked at me.

"Don't worry Sarah, I wouldn't want you to feel left out. You can massage me." I laughed. They joined in, breaking the tension. I played my next card carefully.

"Hey, I know you're both married, I'm must offering as a friend. I totally understand if you're not comfortable with it."

Natalie smiled. "No, I'm cool with it. Do your worst." 

She turned her back to me and put her hair over her shoulder, exposing the soft skin of her neck and shoulders. I glanced briefly at Sarah trying to read her reaction. She looked on silently, her brow faintly knit, her mouth curving almost imperceptibly downward at the corners of her mouth.

"Come on Sarah, hands on. I'll do you next." 

She brightened a bit at my comment as I turned my back to her. I gently massaged Nat's back and shoulders, as Sarah placed her hands tentatively on my shoulders. Again, we chatted about various things, office matters, current affairs, as we loosened each others' muscles, enjoyed our alcohol buzz, and soaked up the heat.

"You won't be able to reach my neck with this bathing suit. Let me adjust it," said Natalie. She reached back and unfastened the neck clasp and pulled it forward. I leaned forward to attempt to get a look over her shoulder at her breasts, but she held the bathing suit material in place with her forearm. Disappointed with the view, but pleased with the new development, I moved my hands to her neck and rubbed gently.

"Mmmmm, that's it. Right there," moaned Nat as her head rolled forward. 

I felt Sarah's hands on my back knead my flesh more urgently. I could sense the tension. I ran my fingers up and down Nat's bare back and let my fingers graze the sides of her bulging breasts. As my fingertips brushed them, Nat's flesh erupted with goosebumps and an audible sigh escaped her lips. I could feel my cock beginning to swell, as I imagined gripping handfuls of Nat's glorious breasts.

"Okay, now it's my turn," said Sarah. 

I was disappointed that I did not get to go further with Nat, but now was my chance to put my hands on Sarah's fit body. I tried to wait as long as possible to get a view of Nat in her unfastened bathing suit. While she made no attempt to re-fasten the clasp, she kept her hand across her chest, holding the suit up. I looked at Natalie and noticed she was flushed. She smiled at me sheepishly.

As I faced Sarah, I noticed she was leaning forward, reaching to the foot of the bench we were sitting on. Her bathing suit slid down slightly, and I admired the crack of her backside. As she sat up again, she held a bottle of coconut oil.

"Look what I found. Feel free to use it on me." 

She handed me the bottle and was quick to untie the neck of her bikini, as Nat had done. Her jealousy was obvious, and I had no intention of letting her down. I poured some oil into my hand and passed it back to Natalie. After rubbing my hands together, I placed them on Sarah's back and began distributing the oil on her soft skin. She began to relax as my hands did their work, while Nat began coating my back and shoulders with the oil. The smell was tantalising, and I was enjoying myself so much I hardly noticed that Nat had stopped massaging me. I started to turn my head to see what she was doing, but she placed her fingers on my cheek and faced it forward again. As she did this she leaned so close to me I could feel her breath on my ear.

"Don't look, just feel," she whispered softly. 

I felt Nat place her hands gently on my shoulders, but did not move them. Next, I felt warm flesh against my shoulder blades, expanding slowly outwards. She was pressing her bare, oiled breasts against my back. I could feel her nipples become erect against my skin as she breathed heavily in my ear. 

She slid her tits down, then back up, resting the heavy mounds on my shoulders and sandwiching my neck between them. Before I could turn my head to the side, she had slid them back down and was moving her hands down my sides. I shivered involuntarily and gripped Sarah around the waist just below her bikini string. Sarah moaned softly, losing herself in the sensation, arching her back. 

I decided it was time to make things interesting. I moved my fingertips towards the centre of her back where her bikini made a bow. Holding both ends, I pulled slowly until the bow popped loose. Sarah had her hands on her thighs and her head tilted backwards—she made no reaction. I lowered my hands, still holding the strings, until I saw her bikini top fall loosely onto her lap. She curled her shoulders inward quickly, but just as quick I put my hands on them and resumed massaging, assuring her that I was not after her breasts... yet. She relaxed and allowed me to continue, still unaware that Natalie was rubbing her tits on me. 

My cock was throbbing fit to burst, and was causing my swim trunks to tent dramatically. After a few minutes, I decided to test the waters. I moved my palms to Sarah's sides and let my fingertips brush the sides of her breasts. Suddenly, Nat pressed into me, grabbed my hands roughly, and placed them directly on top of Sarah's boobs, forcing me to squeeze them firmly. Sarah was as surprised as I was, and let out an alarmed cry. She pushed our hands away and spun around, now cupping her tits with her own hands.

"What the fuck are you doing?!" she yelled, brought abruptly out of her stupor to confront us with an angry brow.

"Sarah, I'm sorry, Nat grabbed my hands—"

"You took off her top, I was just moving things along." Nat interrupted. I could say nothing in reply; I simply sat and looked stunned.

"Besides, you can already tell how much you're enjoying this." Nat's comment was directed at me.

Sarah could not see that Nat was half-naked behind me, but her eyes did drift downward. My cock stood at full attention under my trunks.

"I'm sorry Sarah, I did get excited. But Nat also had something to do with it." 

I stood up to reveal Nat, who quickly crossed her arms over her chest. Her suit had been pulled down to her waist and her cleavage glistened with coconut oil.

"I don't know what you're being so shy about, Nat. You were rubbing those beautiful breasts all over my back." I blurted, blushing as my tenting trunks were made even more obvious. 

Sarah still said nothing, but continued to stare at my crotch.

"Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cross the line. I'll just go back up to the cabin." I began to cover myself with my hands when I heard Sarah speak.

"No. You're not going anywhere. You've got us topless. Now we want to see you. Take off your shorts," she was looking directly into my eyes, her expression dead-serious. 

I looked at Nat who grinned devilishly at me, then looked down to my groin.

"No sense being shy about it," I said as I pulled my shorts down by the waistband. 

As it passed the tip of my dick, it sprang up and was still wagging up and down when I straightened up, placing my hands on my hips.

"There you go. What do you think?" 

Both Sarah and Nat were enraptured. They stared for a full five seconds, their mouths open in shock.

"Fuck that's big." Nat was first to break the silence.

"Very nice," Sarah managed to say, quietly, her eyes as big as saucers.

"Well, screw modesty. I would like nothing more than to fuck you both right here, right now. I understand, however, that being married you may not want to do that. But at the very least I would love to see you both naked. You can even watch me jerk off if you want." I gripped my cock demonstratively. 

"In any case, I'm horny as hell and I've fantasised about you two so much—individually and together. You're both so hot and I've wanted you for so long. I'd love to do some crazy things to you tonight, you just say the word." 

I felt silly, vulnerable. I'd just offered to jerk off in front of my two married co-workers, and they hadn't even showed me their tits yet! The silence was unbearable, and it felt like an eternity before anything happened.

"I love my husband with all my heart," said Nat. "But look at that magnificent cock!" I smiled at her, then looked over at Sarah.

"I think you know how I feel about you," she said to me. "I've wanted to fuck you ever since I met you, husband or no husband. There is no way I'm wasting this opportunity." 

She was the first to move. She stood up, her arms moving to her sides. Her breasts were shaped perfectly, with small, dark areolas around her rock-hard nipples. She had a nipple ring on the left one which glinted in the warm orange light. She stepped forward, putting one hand around my shaft and the other behind my head, pulling me to her mouth. She pushed my dick down and put it between her legs as she reached back and gripped my ass and pressed her titties against my chest. I reached down and roughly pulled her bikini bottoms down over her toned buttocks, and took a cheek in each hand, pulling her against my cock. She moaned and rocked her hips forward even more, pressing into my pelvic bone.

All of a sudden, she moved quickly backwards. I saw that Natalie had pulled her by the waist away from me. Sarah spun towards her and the girls exchanged a fiery gaze between them, halfway between anger and lust. Nat's hands were at her sides now, her fists balled. I looked down and basked in the glory of her bust. Her melons were full, round, plump, bulbous, buxom. They were perfectly spaced high on her chest, and hung ever so slightly. Her large areolas were a soft brown surrounded by pea-sized perky nipples. They shone with oil, and heaved with her every breath. I was hypnotized.

Nat broke the spell.

"You like them?" she asked, cupping them with her hands and pushing them together.

"They are fantastic." I uttered, moving towards her. My right hand gripped her left breast as my left arm circled her waist and pulled her towards me. I squeezed her tit gently as my tongue probed her mouth. I felt her hand on my balls, rolling them in her palm. My cock twitched. Our mouths finally parted and I looked down upon her mountainous bosom. I kissed and licked my way down her neck until my tongue was directly between her jugs. I squished them against my face and licked vigorously, shaking my head from side to side. Next I took an overflowing mound of tit in each hand and pushed them together. I alternated between the stiff nipples, licking, sucking, and gently biting them until I heard Nat start to moan. Her hands found their way to my head, pushing it into her cleavage. 

My hands left her breasts and travelled down her sides, slick with oil. I found the sides of her bathing suit, gripped it on either side and yanked ferociously downwards. Nat gave a little yelp of surprise and jumped. Her titties bounced as her hands flew down to cover her womanhood. I pushed her backwards and she plopped down on the bench, her arms moving back to catch herself. I was treated once again to a terrific bounce of her breasts.

Gripping her knees, I spread her legs apart and was pleasantly surprised to see a freshly shaven pussy. Her cunt lips were parted slightly to reveal a moist slit of soft pink flesh. My mouth was watering in anticipation, and I was on the verge of diving my face into her smooth mound when I heard a moan come from beside me.

In my frenzied, lustful stripping of Nat I had almost forgotten about Sarah. I looked to my right and saw her facing us, the fingers of her right hand disappearing behind the green fabric triangle of her bikini between her legs, her left hand pinching her right nipple. She was rubbing her clit rapidly, enjoying the show Nat and I had put on.

"Keep going," she urged, "Eat her pussy. I want to watch."

"Not just yet, Sarah. I want to taste you first."

"What?!" exclaimed Natalie angrily. "No! I'm ready for you. Lick my clit!"

She put her fingers on her pussy lips and spread them apart, exposing the hard bud of her swollen clitoris. She was soaking wet, and her eyes pleaded with me to pleasure her, but I had other plans. I wanted to drive them both crazy with desire, and I knew just how to do it.

"Natalie, I want you to play with yourself while I get Sarah's fingers out of her pussy and my tongue into it. But don't worry, I'll get to you soon."

I winked at Nat, kissed the inside of her thigh, then knelt in front of Sarah, inches from her sweet-smelling sex. I looked up at her and slowly withdrew her hand from her bikini. Her fingers were coated in her juices, so I put them in my mouth and sucked on them, enjoying her taste. Next I took the top of her bikini bottoms in my teeth and pulled it down slowly. It came off quite easily since I had already yanked it down over her ass. I lingered at her pussy, the thin strip of dark brown pubic hair tickling my nose. I pulled further, until her bikini bottoms were at her knees, then let them fall to the bench on which she was standing.

"Put your leg up on this bench so Nat can see," I said to Sarah. 
