 During the 5-mile ride back to Allison & Rachel’s hotel room my mind was chocked full of anticipation of things to come.

We arranged that I would follow them in my car to their hotel. On the ride there I had to roll down the windows for some air because I felt as though the temperature in the car in and in my pants was a thousand degrees. 

As I watched them talking to each other from behind in my car I could only imagine topics in which they chatted. Sometimes at a traffic light, they would lean in and kiss each other tenderly, probably for my benefit more then anything; however, it looked beautiful through their back window. 

My cock was throbbing again and begging to be freed from its constraints. I just hoped that we wouldn’t have to pass anyone in the hall on the way to their room because unless they were completely blind or out of it they’d see how aroused I was at that moment. 

I wanted to remain in as much control as possible. I said to myself I’d be laid back, go with the flow and not be too aggressive. That would, I felt, reduce the awkwardness if any should creep up. 

As we finally turned into the parking lot of their hotel, I got out of my car and tried to look as relaxed as possible. “How’d you like our little expo at the lights James?” Allison asked with a knowing look in her eye. 

“Well, to be honest, I found it rather difficult to concentrate on mundane tasks such as driving,” I replied with a little laugh. 

They both looked at each other and giggled, “Honey you’ve not seen anything yet. That stuff in the car was only the beginning of a night you won’t soon forget.”

Well, we shall see now, won’t we?” I said as I slipped in between the two of them and put my hands down at the smalls of their backs and we strolled leisurely back to their room.  

We stopped off in the lobby and we visited one of the vending machines to buy things like pop and prophylactics. I had one in my wallet so, at their recommendation I bought two more. It was obvious that I was to spend the night with these lovely ladies, so I wasn’t going to be caught out there with my ass or cock rather swaying in the breeze. 

The room had two neatly made beds in it and was a bit stuffy so Allison turned on the AC. It looked clean and neat and rather much like my room did only mine was single. “James, honey, said Rachel, you don’t mind if we freshen up a bit in the bathroom do ‘ya?”

“No” I replied, “not at all take all the time you need. When you’re done, I’d like to freshen up a bit too.”  I stretched out on the other bed. I really didn’t know if I should have removed my clothes or what. I concurred that the best policy was to wait until the women came out, see what they wore, and follow their lead. I heard more giggling in the bathroom and sounds of teeth being brushed. I didn’t bring a toothbrush so I’d have to do a finger job on my teeth with a swab of their paste. I took a little sniff of myself from the top of my shirt. I still smelt of cologne and hotel soap from my shower so I at least didn’t have to shower right away. 

In another 5 minutes or so, Allison and Rachel came out together. I was knocked off balance at what they wore. They both had on matching teddies with a one-piece snap at the crotch. Holy shit, I thought to myself, did they look radiant. “Hmm well now, look at what we have here Rachel, our stud is still fully clothed, Why that is I wonder?” 

“Um” I stammered slightly embarrassed, “I didn’t want to rush things ladies, I’m sure you could understand.” 

“Oh he’s just the cutest gentleman Allison,” Rachel said demurely. “I swear I could devour him alive.” 

As I walked fast to the bathroom I muttered, “I’ll be quick ladies maybe you can get the festivities started in my brief absence.”

I hastily unbuckled my belt and took off my pants while I stood up. I decided it best to leave something for them to unwrap so I kept my boxers on. After I freshened up my mouth a little bit with toothpaste, on my finger, I opened the door and stepped out into almost every man’s fantasy. 

I returned to the room and found the girls kissing each other on the bed. My cock was stiff again in no time. “Would you gals like for me to watch you two for awhile and join in a little later or shall I join you both now,” I asked, not sure how they wanted to play it. 

“Would you like to watch us James?” Allison asked, lifting her beautiful mouth off Rachel’s neck, making her moan ever so sexily. “Yes, I’d love to just watch you guys enjoy each other and when you like I’ll join in.” Allison and Rachel looked at each other with eyes full of hungry lust and began a deep kiss. As they kissed, they began to massage each other’s tits and then rubbed their bodies, now unclothed, together. I heard moans and in response. 

I began to rub my own cock that was lewdly sticking out of my boxer shorts. So much for being unwrapped, I thought to myself. I could see both of their pussies now, Alison’s with a neat brown trim and Rachel completely shaved. They were both drenched with fragrant womanly juices that I could inhale from the chair I which I sat.. I inhaled the steamy air in the room again, and to breathe it in made me intoxicated and made me want to wash my face in both of their pubic mounds. As I stroked my cock, I watched as Rachel devoured Allison’s cunt first. 

Rachel didn’t just eat Alison out; it was as if she made love to her pussy with her tongue ministrations. “Ohhh fuck yes baby, please don’t stop,” moaned Alison as her long beautiful hands pushed Rachel’s tongue deeper into her twat. Good Gawd, I thought to myself. It looked so lovely to watch them go at it. I remained silent however; I didn’t want to disturb their flow. 

Soon Rachel’s face was awash with Alison’s free flowing goo now and from how she sounded, it was evident that Allison would climax soon. I noticed Rachel was really turned on by doing this to her girlfriend because she’d put her hand between her legs and started diddling her shaved pussy. “Ohhhh honey YESSSS”, Allison screams out from deep within herself. When Allison came she looked so stunning and almost as if she drew her last breath. 

For the second time that night I’d come close to coming myself. Unbelievably, I still held myself back, painful as it was. I needed to do something to one if not both of them soon or I’d climb the walls. When their orgasms had subsided, Rachel looked up at me with hungry eyes and then cast a sideways glance at Allison “Yes” said Rachel, “Our James here, has been such a perfect gentleman don’t you agree Ali?” As Allison came down from her climax, she agreed and added: “Yes honey, we shouldn’t torture poor James here any longer, he’s more then proved to have staying power.” 

“Well” said Allison, “one good turn deserves another, I’d love for James to eat me again from behind while I go down on Rachel from the front, then we can both take turns sucking your cock, how’s that grab ya baby?” 

That sounded just fine to me so as Allison bent over and ate out Rachel, I got on my knees and licked Alison for everything I was worth. After she’d came she tasted spectacular, very tangy. Her personal fragrance; I could kiss up to God. Allison thrust her butt back into my face as if she wanted my tongue to go its whole length inside her. I started alternating holes and ran an entire circle from her twat to her anus. “Ahhh fuck yes, James, you bastard, give me that tongue. I’m so close now, don’t you dare stop,” Allison groaned audibly, that is when her face wasn’t muffled by Rachel’s hot cunt. Soon after Allison had said this, I heard a series of oh’s, and felt her shudder uncontrollably. She thrust her head back and slammed into my face that was now drenched in female come. “Oh honey that felt so fuckin great” purred Allison as she kissed me deeply. 

Rachel again spoke up. “I dunno about you Ali but I think it would be such a turn on to share that beautiful cock of his.” There is certainly enough for both of us, 

I certainly wasn’t going to disappoint now so I stepped up to the plate and said “Voila, ladies,” I said as I looked down at my raging hard on, “all hands on deck.”

As I stood next to the unmade bed, that Allison was just in, I let them pull off my tented shorts and release my throbbing cock. 

“Well now we have a lot to enjoy here don’t we Rachel,” said Allison in extremely sexual tone. Rachel just moaned and didn’t reply with words but with actions. I closed my eyes and felt a warm mouth envelop me to about half my length, and then a tongue around the base of my cock buried in the hair that grew profusely there. I didn’t keep my eyes closed for very long because this was something I had to see. I opened them, saw both women take turns sucking my cock. They licked up and down both sides of it I also watched as they kissed each other lovingly. Rachel then went down and sucked on my balls while Allison deep throated me. All I could do was moan softly and gently coax them onward with my sounds. Their mouths felt so hot and truly outstanding. I wanted to do something with my hands so I ran my fingers through Allison’s beautiful brown hair and then reached down to massage her stiff nipples. 

I would’ve came soon if they hadn’t have stopped. They had other things planned it seemed. Moreover, they didn’t want the games to be interrupted. 

“James, hon,” said Allison, waking me up out of my almost dream state, “I know your close to climaxing but Rachel would really like to feel you inside her. She’s drenched enough from all we’ve done so far so I’ll put a condom on you and you can take her doggy style whilst I’m underneath her.” 

This sounded like a great idea so I said, “I’m easy whatever turns you both on will be my pleasure entirely.”

With this plan established, Allison performed her safe sex duties and slide underneath Rachel. With Allison’s assistance, I guided my throbbing cock into Rachel’s warm wet squish. “Ah fuck yes, James, fill me up sweetie with that massive cock,” cried Rachel as I pushed deeper into her almost to the hilt.

“Hey guys,” “it looks so fucking hot from down here as well.” Fuck her hard James as if you mean it.” Allison moaned from below. I pounded her velvet cave for what seemed 15 more minutes while Allison helped, and took turns by licking my hanging hairy balls and Rachel’s fully engorged clit. 

My mind screamed and my cock ached. The only way I could hold back my come now would be if I were not human. Spurred on both by Rachel’s and Allison’s sweet cries of rapture, I cried out, “Girls, “I’m going to cum soon, where would you both like me to shoot?” 

Allison managed to answer her voice flush with desire and passion. “Oh shoot your cum all over her ass and into my mouth, that is if you can manage taking off the condom in time James; I’ve got to taste that come please let me have it.”

As the all too familiar rush came on along with the waves of rapture, I screamed out with a warrior like cry, and shot out wads of thick gooey come. The first blast nailed Rachel on her exposed target. My second wad landed smack dab on Allison’s tongue that stuck out of her wide-open mouth. I quickly realized I wasn’t the only one that came. I heard cries from both girls and suddenly all of us became a sweat-laden heap of contorted mass of heaving flesh and debauchery. Then as if this wasn’t quite enough, Allison got up and spit some of my come into Rachel’s mouth as she laid on her back. Both girls kissed each other very deeply and intimately shared the fruits our labors 

“Oh my Lord, James,” Allison breathily exclaimed, “that was some amazingly intense sex. “Whew you gals are really something,” I said as I fanned myself fruitlessly. 

We all just lay in one heap and enjoyed our afterglows. We all thanked each other profusely for the fun we all had and promised to keep in touch as we all exchanged phone numbers. They both had an open invitation to come to visit me in New York whenever they wanted to. Maybe some day that dream will come true however until then I’m sure we’ll all in our own way savor this time we had together.