 After the Christmas party, I didn't see Sam again for a few days as we don't work in the same department; it was later that week before I ran into her in a corridor. It was strange, it wasn't awkward but I guess we didn't really know what to say to each other, she smiled and twirled her hair as she asked me how I was. There weren't many people around so we flirted quietly for a few minutes until she kind of nervously asked me if I wanted to get together outside of work sometime. It seemed bizarre that she was nervous seeing as how I had watched her get gangbanged just a few days ago and she had swallowed a load of my cum, but it was kind of cute. I said I was free that evening and just a few hours later, I had her bent over the back of my sofa, screaming with delight while I pounded my cock into her wet pussy. She tried to steady herself with one hand and squeezed her tits with the other while I mercilessly assaulted her pussy until she came so hard her legs buckled and she collapsed to the floor. 

Almost immediately, she got back up on her knees, grabbed my cock, and stroked it as she sat there looking up at me, her face flushed and her bra and skirt hanging loosely around her stomach. "That was amazing" she cooed up at me as she started wanking my cock more ferociously, "are you gonna cum for me?"

I laughed and replied "maybe, do you want me to?" 

"Mmm yeah" she moaned "I want it on my face." With that, she rose up off her knees just enough to reach the level of my dick and took it into her mouth, sucking on it frantically. It only took another 30 seconds of her talented oral skills until I pulled my dick out of her mouth and she sat, waiting obediently until I started to spray a load of cum all over her face. She moaned as it dripped off her chin and down her chest and then giggled when I playfully slapped my cock against her cheek. 

When she had cleaned up, she took the remaining shreds of her clothing off and we sat naked, having a drink while we casually stroked each other and chatted, and then she got a little bit quiet. I asked what was wrong and she said, a little hesitantly, that she really liked fucking me but she didn't want me to get the wrong idea about her. I wasn't really sure what she meant so she went on to explain that she also liked spending time with me but she was well aware what her reputation was like, especially around the office. She said that the Christmas party wasn't she first time she had fucked guys from the office and it certainly wasn't her first gangbang. She said that she had slept around a lot but it was usually with a group of friends that she knew well, it was only since she had started her current job that she had been meeting so many new people and she just couldn't help herself. She didn't want me to think badly of her but she couldn't just stop being who she was. 

I honestly didn't know how to take that, it seemed like she was basically saying she fucked a bunch of guys on a regular basis but she didn't want me to think she was a slut. It seemed a little weird but I wasn't into judging people so I told her it wasn't a problem, if anything I respected the fact that she wasn't pretending to be someone she wasn't. She perked up a bit as she realised that I was cool with her being herself and within a couple of minutes, she was greedily stuffing my dick in her mouth and slobbering all over it. I let her blow me for a while before laying her down on the sofa and fucking her even harder than I had before. At one point, she seemed to be struggling to take the pounding I was giving her but she begged me not to stop and eventually had another very loud orgasm. This time, I tensed up and shot a big load in her pussy before I took her home, and on the way there, she asked if I wanted to go to a party with her that weekend. 

I was a little hesitant as it wasn't really going to be a big party, it was a small group of friends that all knew each other very well, and of course I didn't know any of them. Also, Sam was a few years younger than me, in her early twenties so I assumed her friends would be in the same age group; I never liked being the oldest one at a party. 

I picked her up and on the way there, she hesitantly said she had something to tell me about the party. I thought that sounded a bit ominous but she explained that the group of friends she had told me about got together regularly to basically just fuck each other. She said that the girls usually took it in turns to be the centre of attention and although it wasn't her turn, she had told the others she was bringing me along and asked if they could swap. 

My jaw must have dropped because Sam quickly apologised for not telling me sooner and said I didn't have to come if I didn't want to but I assured her I was definitely in. For the rest of the short journey, I couldn't believe my luck that I was going to be involved in another gangbang with this gorgeous woman. When we got there I was pleasantly surprised; there were around twenty of us and Sam's friends were really nice. They were very welcoming and I found that a few of the girls were absolutely gorgeous. I mean Sam was good looking and she certainly had something about her that made her extremely sexy, but even she was nothing compared to some of her friends. No wonder this particular group had got a bit sexually adventurous, if I was around these girls a lot I don't know if I could keep my hands to myself. 

I got on really well with a lot of the people there and after I had met a few of them, Sam filled me in on who they were. Jane was a tall curvy brunette with a firm arse and big tits who Sam told me was the sluttiest of all of them. She said that when she was at University she fucked just about every guy on her course, and a load more she met around campus. When she missed lectures, which was most of the time, she would try and make up her grades by letting the professor fuck her tight arse. 

There was an adorable fairly short blonde girl called Chloe who had shortish hair and a slim but curvy figure, and Kristen, who was a gorgeous talk skinny brunette without an once of fat on her. Sam told me that Chloe was particularly adventurous with other girls and that they had hooked up dozens of times. 

I had also been introduced to a girl called Melissa who had big breasts and long blonde hair; she wasn't a bimbo but was very outgoing and seemed like a bit of a party girl. There were a few other girls and several guys milling around and Sam said there were a few couples but a lot of them were single and were just friends. It was all pretty overwhelming anyway and I was surprised that everyone was so relaxed until Sam reminded me that they did this kind of thing quite often. I tried to relax a bit and hesitantly asked Sam how this was going to work but she just backed away from me towards the centre of the room, gently pulling me by my shirt and replied "like this." 

She got my shirt open and slipped it over my shoulders as we reached the centre of the room, so I pulled her top over her head and she reached down to unbutton her jeans. I did the same and as we stripped down to our underwear, I started to feel very self conscious until I looked around and noticed that some of the others were starting to undo some of their clothes too. I looked back to Sam as she stood in her almost transparent pale pink panties and reached back to unfasten her bra before dropping it to the floor and then slipping the panties down her legs. 

Now that she was naked, she stepped in close to me and pushed the waistband of my boxers down over my hips and took hold of my rapidly stiffening cock. Despite feeling extremely exposed to a room full of strangers, she soon had my dick standing to attention so she dropped to her knees and took my dick into her mouth. She sucked it for a minute or so while I looked over and watched Jane reaching into one of the guy's trousers, then she lay back, spread her legs, and sweetly said "I want you first."

I certainly wasn't going to argue so I kicked my boxers off and knelt down between her legs, running my dick up and down her wet slit. She giggled and then gasped loudly as I pushed into her and then settled down on top of her, pushing my dick all the way into her body. She wrapped her legs around me and began to moan loudly while I slammed into her until she cried "oh yes, that's it use my pussy, I want it hard, I want it from behind." With that, she released her grip on my body and I pulled out so that she could flip over onto her knees and quickly grab the large leather foot stall that Melissa was sliding over to us. She leaned over it and presented her gorgeous arse to me as she looked back over her shoulder and gasped "come on, I want you back in me." 

Not wanting to let her down, I ran my cock up her slit and thrust back inside her warm hole as she moaned "fuck yes, that's it baby." I continued to hammer away at her tight pussy as I looked around and realised that most of the others were now nearly naked and several of them were touching each other while their eyes remained fixed on me ramming their friend from behind. It was so hot seeing Chloe stood slightly bent at the waist letting the guy next to her finger her from behind while she furiously jerked her hand up and down his stiff cock. 

I also noticed a tall auburn haired girl with a big smile and even bigger breasts standing with her back pressed tightly against the guy behind her while he squeezed her tits and she slowly but firmly twisted her hand around the head of his cock. I pounded my cock into Sam's wet pussy for a few more minutes as she grunted and I heard moans from around the room, then after a while, she lifted her upper body off the footstool and reached back over her head to touch my neck. 

She grunted a couple more times and then asked "is that good baby, do you like fucking me in front of my friends?" 

I reached around to rub her pussy and whispered "fuck yeah, this is so hot." 

Just as one of the guys was walking over towards the other side of the foot stool, Sam turned her head slightly, trying to glance back at me and gasped "I know. Don't cum yet though, the others need a turn first." With that, she let go of me and flopped back down onto all fours bent over the stool as the guy offered his dick to her and she took it into her mouth. 

I realised at that point that I wasn't going to last much longer anyway, and I noticed Milo, who I had met earlier moving in just to my side so I thrust in hard once more and then pulled out and stood up. Milo immediately knelt down behind Sam and slammed his dick into her, pushing in most of the way on the first thrust. A loud grunt was forced from Sam's mouth and she momentarily let the other guy's cock drop out and moaned "oh fuck" before quickly stuffing it back in.

I slowly backed away, watching these guys fuck Sam from both ends, and moved to the edge of the room where Melissa was stood with her panties stretched around her thighs, rubbing her own pussy as she watched the action. I stood next to her and she looked away long enough to glance down at my stiff cock and then she reached over and grabbed it as she whispered "that was so hot, I can't wait to give this a try later." I was still a little bit shocked by all of this so I just smiled at her and she took my hand, pulled it over, and pushed it up against her pussy. She was absolutely soaked so I slipped a finger up inside her and we continued to masturbate each other as we watched the guy pull his dick out of Sam's mouth and move so that Tom could take his place. 

I don't know how long we were watching but for as long as we could, all the guys including me rotated, using Sam's hot little mouth and her wet pussy until we were in danger of cumming, and then taking a break to let someone else have a go. Sam seemed to love every second of it and while she was riding a guy called Richard and I was trying to stuff my cock in her throat, she pulled her mouth off it and moaned "fuck yes I'm cumming, don't stop."

She screamed through her orgasm and then stuffed my dick back in her mouth until Richard rolled her on to her back and pulled out of her. Someone else knelt down between her spread open legs and pushed his cock into her, and I looked down to see that she had her eyes clamped shut and her mouth sealed around my shaft; I don't think she even knew who was now fucking her.

This continued for some time and while I was watching the action, I got to basically dry hump the girl with the auburn hair, who it turns out was called Erica. At one point I was sat in an armchair while a sexy little brunette sat on my lap facing away from me with her legs spread wide, gently stroking my cock and her own pussy at the same time. I could feel my orgasm building and had to ask her to stop but it was at that point I realised I didn't even know her name. She stopped stroking me as she giggled and told me her name was Emily. 

Being part of a gangbang with a bunch of mostly strangers was crazy enough but the thing that shocked me the most was when I saw Chloe walk into the room wearing a large strap on. My jaw nearly hit the floor but no one else seemed to really react, we all just watched as she walked up to Sam and knelt behind her in place of the guy who had just pulled his cock out of her. As she ran the head of the rubber cock between Sam's wet pussy lips, she turned her head and smiled when she saw the blonde girl behind her pushing her hips forward. 

I watched in awe as Chloe proceeded to fuck Sam with her fake cock, getting increasingly rough as she slammed her hips back and forth. I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing as she reached one hand around to part her firm cheeks and then pushed a finger into her arse. They were both moaning in pleasure as Chloe firmly grunted "take my cock, take my cock and tell me you like it." Sam threw her head back, dropping the real cock from her mouth and replied "I love it, I love taking that dick!" 

Chloe grabbed a handful of Sam's hair and held her head in place as the guy in front of her started to slap his cock against her face and Chloe sped up her thrusting. She thrust her hips harder and grunted "take it bitch, take my dick in your little cunt, I want you to cum with me, are you gonna fucking cum with me?" 

Sam was screaming again as another orgasm approached and she shouted "yes I'm gonna fucking cum, take my cunt, make it yours." Chloe's hand sped up until it was almost a blur poking a finger in and out of her own arsehole and she thrust her hips so hard she was fucking Sam harder than I had a few days before. She kept fucking herself and Sam until they both started to scream as their orgasms hit them at the same time. By this time the guy by Sam's head had stepped back to watch and when Chloe eventually pulled out, Sam rolled over and collapsed on her back panting for breath. I couldn't help myself, I didn't care who might want to be next, I just rushed forward and knelt between Sam's legs. As I was pushing my dick back into her, I watched in amazement as Chloe moved up to her head, offered the rubber dick up to Sam's face, and said "now clean it off bitch." 

Sam didn't hesitate and wrapped her mouth around the fake dick that was now covered in her girl cum, sucking it enthusiastically while I thrust down into her. When Chloe pulled out and walked away with the big strap on swinging around in front of her, I moved down to lay firmly on top of Sam and moaned "that was the hottest thing I've ever seen." 

She smiled up at me and said "are you ready to cum? You can be first if you want."

I grunted that I was ready and asked her where she wanted it and she moaned "do it on my tits baby, I want it all over me." 

I pulled out of Sam and as soon as I grabbed my dick in my hand, it erupted a huge load of cum all the way up her body. Because it had been building all evening while we were taking turns with her, and getting hand jobs from the other girls, I had stored up a massive load that splashed all over her tits and then trailed all the way down to her pussy. She moaned and giggled and almost immediately, one of the other guys shuffled up to her head with his cock in his hand and started to spray a load of cum over the side of her face. 

As I backed away, Sam turned her head to take the rest of the guy's cum in her mouth and Milo stepped in between her legs and pushed his cock into her. It was only another minute or so before he buried himself deep in her and groaned loudly follow by Sam moaning "Oh yes, cum inside me." Milo finished emptying himself inside her and then pulled out and walked away, and I watched as the rest of the guys stepped up one after another and finished themselves off in her mouth or her pussy. Three of them came inside her and the rest shot their loads all over her body, and by the time they were done, she had a wet slimy sheen all the way from her neck down to her thighs. 

When the last guy was finished, she propped herself up on her elbows and giggled as she thanked everyone and then stood up to catch the towel that Chloe threw to her. She used it to stop the excess cum dripping from her hard nipples and then wiped her stomach with it as she walked away to clean up. 

As I watched Sam's sexy arse walk out of the room, I realised I didn't really know what was supposed to happen next; now that what I guess was the main event was over, people kind of relaxed and refreshed their drinks and so on. 

After a while, the guys started to recover and I felt my own dick getting hard again as I could see people starting to stroke and play with each other. I was sat on a sofa taking it all in when Kristen appeared in front of me totally naked and said "hey sexy, enjoying the show?" I smiled up at her and said that I was now, and as she stepped closer and parted her legs a little, I took the hint and closed my legs so that she could straddle them and sit on my lap. 

I took a few seconds to admire her perfect body, not quite sure what the etiquette was, until she gently gripped my cock and slowly started to stroke her hand up and down it. She was actually really sweet and asked me how I was finding all this; she told me that she had really enjoyed watching me fuck Sam and that she wasn't letting me leave without giving me a try for herself. After a while of stroking me and rubbing her own pussy at the same time while I massaged her perfect breasts, she lifted herself up and positioned her pussy over the top of my cock. She wrapped her arms around my back and as she sank down on me, I realised her pussy felt almost impossibly tight. 

I just sat there as Kristen rocked her hips against mine with increasing force until I reached a hand down between us and started to rub her clit. Fortunately, having cum once already helped me to last for a while and Kristen soon started to grunt and pant as she pushed her hips harder into mine, burying my cock all the way inside her. I felt her hot breath against my ear as she whispered "that's it, that's it, I'm nearly there" and then buried her head in my shoulder as her pussy clamped down around my dick and she came. 

She carried on thrusting softly for a minute or two before smiling sweetly at me and chirping "thanks baby, that was awesome". With that she pulled off me and stood up, and I watched her sexy body walk away from me, still barely believing that my cock had just been inside it. I looked around the room a bit and just marvelled for a minute at so many people fucking each other all around me. Sam was riding John's dick while he lay on the floor and as she looked over, she saw me watching and winked at me before turning back to him. I carried on watching her bounce up and down on him until I was snapped out of my trance by Melissa sitting down on the sofa beside me. 

She smiled at me and I admired her smoking hot body, noticing that her hair was a little tussled, and then she reached over to gently take hold of my stiff cock and asked "so, do I get to try this big thing out now?" 
