 I've been to many office Christmas parties in my time and they were always great fun in my early twenties. However, by the time I reached thirty, they were beginning to get dull. Maybe it was just because my company had a high number of graduate age employees but it seemed like every year was a mix of older staff trying to dance like they were still students, and ex-students getting embarrassingly drunk. 

This time was no exception, I had had a good laugh with a few colleagues I get on well with, but that hadn't lasted long, and now there were a few of us sat at a table with one of the recent graduates from our operations department. I had seen Sam around the office and had to admit she was cute. She had big thighs and a full round arse but she wasn't fat. She had a decent chest and a really pretty face and dark blonde hair. 

She was flirting with some of the younger guys and had winked at me a few times as well. I didn't really know what her game was, was she trying to wind the guys up or was she just drunk? Anyway, I just ignored it and chatted to the guy next to me while a few of the others seemed like they were trying to get in her pants. A few minutes later, several of them including Sam, stood up and I happened to catch her eye as she winked at me again. I was just going to ignore it when one of the younger guys leaned closer to me and said "dude come with us, you won't believe this."

I got up and followed them out into the hall, where Sam giggled excitedly with one of the ops (operations) guys and I realised she seemed tipsy, but certainly not as drunk as I had assumed she was. There was myself and one other junior manager, three guys from ops, and Sam, marching down the hotel corridor towards the rooms. 

It seemed that two of the guys had got a room to share so that they didn't have to go home after the party, so one of them opened the door and, with a quick look around to make sure no one was watching, we all piled inside. 

I was a bit hesitant, I didn't really know what was going on but by the time I got into the room, one of the guys was already kissing Sam and pulling down the zipper at the back of her dress. The other guys were laughing and cheering quietly while one of them pulled out a box of beers he had stashed, presumably for when the bar closed. Within seconds, Sam was out of her dress and had stood up on one of the twin beds in her underwear, twirling like a stripper. She was wearing a pair of skin coloured hold ups and a simple pair of black panties with a matching bra. As she slowly gyrated her arse, a couple of the guys started removing their shirts and suddenly it hit me what was happening. 

I would have been concerned about Sam but not only did she seem to be a willing participant in all this, I think it was her idea. She made a bit of a show of unsnapping her bra and holding the cups over her ample chest for a few seconds before dropping them to reveal a gorgeous set of pert twenty something boobs. The guy closest to her who she had been flirting with the most, grabbed her arm and playfully pulled her down on to the bed. 

With a giggle, she jumped up onto her hands and knees and crawled forward to where he had unzipped his trousers and pulled his dick out. She didn't hesitate for a second, she just popped his dick into her mouth and grabbed his balls in one hand, propping herself up with the other. There were a few more cheers and we watched as this girl blew her co-worker in front of four other guys. When she had been doing this for a few minutes, one of the other guys got up on the bed behind her and slapped her arse gently before pulling her panties down her thighs and shoving a hand between her legs.

"Fuck me, she's wet" he exclaimed as he thrust a finger up inside her and grabbed her hip with his other hand. We all heard her moan around the dick that was now fucking her face, and he took that as an invitation. He pulled his finger out of her, quickly whipped out his hard cock, and just shoved it into her from behind. She grunted around her other colleague's dick as her body was shunted forward and the new guy started fucking her vigorously. 

These guys were obviously a bit young and impulsive but the guy who was now fucking Sam didn't seem to have much experience with girls at all, I think he just grabbed the opportunity. He was slamming into her like an excitable puppy and it can't have been even two minutes before he started grunting loudly. He pulled his cock out of her and jumped up, leaping over towards her face. He had had too much to drink though and lost his balance. The guy in Sam's mouth gave him a light shove and he fell to the floor, shooting a few spurts of cum all over his own shirt. 

Sam may have been acting like a slut but I decided she deserved better than these amateurs so I moved towards the bed. The third ops guys was pulling at his fly while moving to climb on the bed so I put a hand out, just gently touching his chest and said "calm down junior, put it back in your pants and be patient." With that, I took my shirt off, whipped my cock out, and confidently grabbed Sam's hips, pulling her towards me so she was on her hands and knees across the corner of the bed. I stood behind her smooth firm arse and lifted my right leg up to the bed. I ran the tip of my cock up and down her slit a few times and quickly stroked it for a few seconds to get it fully hard. 

Sam seemed to giggle around the cock that was still trying to force its way into her throat as I slowly, but firmly, pushed a few inches into her tight little cunt. I was much bigger than the guy who had just fucked her and she instantly realised that, as she managed a muffled grunt of pleasure. I was determined to show up these clumsy younger guys even more so I firmly pushed into her and began stroking in and out and varying my rhythm. She was clearly having a much better time now and she began to grunt and groan as I pounded her. She even let out a pleasurable muffled scream when I finally buried the full length of my cock in her. 

By this time the guy she was blowing was ready to cum, so he grabbed the sides of her head and thrust himself deep as he exploded in her mouth. She groaned and began to swallow it all down before dropping his flaccid dick from her mouth and gasping for air. As he pulled away, I took the opportunity to assert my control over the situation. I grabbed a handful of her hair in one hand and her shoulder in the other and pulled her up so she was stood on her knees on the bed with my body pressed against her and my cock still inside her. I reached around and grasped hold of one of her boobs with one hand while the other hand moved down to stroke her clit. 

As I pulled her close to me and continued to trust my hips a little, I asked her "is that good, huh? Does my dick feel good?"

"Ugh, yes" she replied. 

"Is your little cunt wet?" 

"Yes." 

"Yeah, you like getting fucked in front of an audience don't you?"

"Yes, ah yes." 

"Do you want me to make you cum?" 

"Oh yes, please make me cum." 

"Yeah? Are you gonna cum on my cock before I let these guys take turns with you?" 

"Oh fuck!" She screamed as I let go of her body and pressed harder on her clit as I buried myself inside her again.

"Fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming" she screamed as I pounded her. "I'm fucking cumming!"

With Sam now back on her hands and knees, I slowed my thrusting slightly but kept fingering her until her orgasm passed and she stopped panting. Before anyone else could get in on the action, I pulled my cock out of her and firmly flipped her over on to her back. Her panties were still stretched around her thighs so I pulled both her stocking covered legs over my shoulder and lined my cock up with her wet slit. Her big round tits jiggled around as I slammed back into her, harder this time. It only took me another thirty seconds of pounding this whore and I was ready to cum. Still holding her legs up, I took my dick out of her pussy and pushed it between her thighs just above her pubes. With a groan, I shot several squirts of jizz through her legs, all the way up her stomach to her tits. 

As I backed off, I gave a nod to the other two guys, who were already naked and hard by this point, and they moved in towards her. I stood back and watched as my manager colleague put Sam's legs up over his shoulder and pushed his cock into her, and the other young lad pushed his dick into her mouth. I hadn't even realised that one of the other lads had left while I was fucking her until I saw him stroll back in with two other guys in tow. 

I didn't fancy heading back out to the party so I pulled up a chair, grabbed a beer, and watched for the next hour as a constant stream of guys fucked this girl senseless. Every so often a couple of guys would leave and a couple more would arrive as they quietly spread the word about what was going on. Every one of them fucked her pussy or her slutty mouth, and a lot of the guys did her twice, shooting their cum all over her body or her pretty face. Several of them even shot their sticky mess inside her sloppy cunt. I didn't fancy sloppy seconds, not that sloppy anyway, so I was happy to just watch the rest of this gangbang. 

At some point, one leg of her panties got torn so they hung in tatters from one thigh, also dripping wet from all the jizz that was streaming out of her pussy and down her legs. Her stomach and tits were wet with cum but her face was covered in it, it was all over her from her forehead to her chin, and it matted her dark blonde hair. When the last of the guys had eventually satisfied themselves, they drifted out of the room. None of them had any interest in staying, once they had finished using this slut's body, they were back out to the bar for more drinks. 

I didn't leave though, I was still bored of the party and was intrigued by this girl who had seemed to enjoy letting a bunch of guys use her to get off. I let the other guys leave and when the last guy, who had paid for the room, wanted to go for a drink, I told him I would stay and see to Sam. When we were left alone, I slowly stood and walked over to her, handing her a small towel. She was still lying on her back, covered in spunk, with her legs spread wide open and tattered panties hanging from one thigh. Her hold ups were also in tatters, to the point where they barely covered her legs. I didn't want to fuck such a sloppy mess but it still made me rock hard looking at her. When she had wiped away enough cum, she opened her eyes and looked up at me, smiling when she saw my hard cock. 

She wiped off her hands with the towel and took hold of my cock, gently stroking it as she recovered from the last hour of fucking and sucking. When she eventually got up the energy, I helped her into the bathroom to take a shower. She was in there for a long time, washing all the jizz off her body, so I cracked open another beer and waited for her to finish. When she emerged from the shower, she was clean and wet and, I have to admit she looked gorgeous. It almost seemed strange that there was no visible evidence of what she had done that night. 

I asked if she was okay and handed her a beer as she joined me back in the room, dressed in just a bath towel. We hadn't really spoken much before, we had just seen each other around the office a few times so she thanked me for sticking around and asked why I was looking after her. Her eyes moved down toward the floor as she softly said "you must think I'm such a whore." 

"I'm not judging" I replied. "Granted that kind of thing doesn't happen every day but it was hot." 

"I'm sorry" she said gently, "I'm not always like this, I just get so turned on, and I like the attention."

We chatted for a while longer and she actually turned out to be a really nice girl. She perked up a bit when she realised that I was being nice to her instead of expecting anything from her. After a while she put her beer down and got on her knees in front of me. "It's okay, you don't have to" I said. 

She looked up at me and smiled as she pulled my dick out of my trousers and said "I want to." 

I didn't argue, I just moaned as she pushed my dick into her mouth and started to suck on it while she stroked the shaft with one hand. 

I could see why her face had ended up covered in so much cum, this girl was talented. While she was blowing me, she reached a hand under the towel and started to finger herself. It wasn't long before I announced I was going to cum and she looked up at me sweetly and kept sucking. I exploded a huge load of cum into her mouth and she swallowed every drop without taking her eyes off me. When she had finished, I pulled her up higher on her knees, reached down, and took over fingering her until I brought her to a soft orgasm. 

She wasn't planning to stay the night with these two young guys so she started to get dressed. She threw her torn, soiled panties straight in the bin along with what was left of her ruined stockings. She found her bra on the floor covered in white stains, I think some of the guys had used it to wipe their dicks clean. Her black dress also had a few white stains on it but it seemed to be intact so she just pulled it over her head and tried to smooth it down. 

She didn't want to face everyone at the party now so I called a cab for her and we slipped out the back. It turned out she lived kind of on the way to my place so we shared the cab and I made sure she got home okay before being dropped off home. I thought back over that night and what a slut Sam had been. That kind of thing didn't usually turn me on but there was something about this girl, I liked her.