 The rest of that first week followed a similar vein as the last two days, I was used as a naked secretary by most of the management team who all seemed to want to get a look at me and of course show me off to their visitors minus my clothes of course. It seemed that this sort of thing was one of the perks offered to visitors who did business with Hinkerman's. 

Some wanted just to have me around, others wanted to use me in various ways either for sex or to satisfy their warped desires in some other way. Like the German guy Otto who actually brought along his own very extremely large vibrator, this I had to allow him to insert in my pussy, it was connected via a long wire to a hand control and he got immense pleasure out of controlling the speed of the vibrator during the meeting. By the end of the session my notes were hardly eligible and I had some difficulty typing them out later.

I know to some people what I was doing was degrading and I was nothing less than a common prostitute getting paid for sex, but I was being extremely well paid, and I enjoyed the sex. I was, as I told Mellor' at my interview, between boy friends at the moment, but because of my work at Hinkerman's I was not missing out on the sex side of things, also although I had been a little nervous at first, I now actually enjoyed the thrill of exposing myself, and of being naked and admired.

I knew I had an appointment with Martin Hinkerman on Friday lunchtime to go to the races with him and some friends so I was a little surprised when he called me to his office Friday morning. The other thing that surprised me was that I was usually told when they called how they wanted me to be dressed or more than usually undressed. Martin on this occasion told me to just come along as I was. 

He greeted me with a smile and after told me to take a seat, "Are you looking forward to our trip this afternoon."

I smiled and nodded, "I have never been to an actual race meeting only watched it on TV, so I'm looking forward to it with interest."

He smiled "What I've called you in for is to explain about this afternoon and what I wanted from you. I would like you to wear something casual and summery, possibly a dress, one that buttons down the front might be a good idea, easier to get out of." He said with a slight grin.

"Underneath some nice sexy underwear, with suspenders and stockings, oh, and don't forget to wear a hat. They always like to see ladies in hats at race meetings, and by the way, my friends who are going along with us do not know about your role here at Hinkerman's so I am going to introduce you as one of my girlfriends. So just do as I ask of you," he said. "Don't be too eager to please, it might be more fun if you would show a little reluctance to doing some of the things I ask of you."

I smiled and nodded this assignment sounded like fun

"OK" he said "You have got an hour or so to get ready be back in my office at 11.30."

I returned to my office and sorted through the selection of clothes, I found a pretty print dress that fitted the bill. The underwear was no problem there was plenty of it, and I even found a wide brimmed hat that suited the purpose. I took a quick shower, dressed and did my make up and hair. 

Rose popped in with my morning coffee and cake, we had become friends over the last week, she smiled when she saw me dressed up "You look very pretty what have you got on today?"

"I'm going out to the races with Martin and some of his friends."

She looked a little concerned. "You will have to watch yourself with him; he's a bit of a wild one."

I smiled "I think I can handle him."

At 11.30 prompt I was back in Martins office ready for what ever the day might hold for me. Martins nodded his approval approved of my outfit, "Les me see what you have on underneath."

I lifted my skirt displaying to him my brief white panties, stockings and matching suspenders. Again he nodded his approval.

Down at the front of the office were picked up by one of the company's limos, a long sleek white vehicle with darkened windows, there was seating inside for at least eight other people. It was well fitted out with a plasma TV screen and a well stocked bar. We settled into the comfortable leather seats, and as we pulled away Martin reached over and poured us a drink "May as well start the day as we mean to continue," he said passing me a large glass of chilled white wine.

His six friends were waiting for us at their hotel, which was only a short drive from the office, as they piled into the limo and at first sight they all seemed a nice bunch, and were all around the same age as Martin, who I imagined was in his late twenties. Martin introduced me as Samantha a good friend of his, they all shook my hand and cast more than an interesting glance at my body. Martin handed out some drinks, and put some nice music and we all settled down for the journey to the race course that he said would take about an hour and a half. 

Of course boys being boys and with a few drinks inside them, to boost their confidence they chatted me up, and as it usually does and aided by a few comments from Martin the subject of sex began to dominate the conversation. 

Martin asked the guys if they thought I was attractive, that was something to which they all agreed. When he made the comment that it might be interesting to see just how attractive I was, they seemed to get his drift and were all in total agreement. Luckily I had drunk about three glasses of wine at this stage and I was feeling reasonably relaxed, Martin suggested to me that it might be interesting if I were to loosen a few buttons on my dress. I was at the time sitting in the rear seat of the limo next to Martin, me the rest of them were sitting on the side seats.

Going along with Martin's plan I showed some reluctance at first, I looked at Martin shocked, "I can't do that with your friends looking at me," I said in my best shocked girly voice but after a few of the others joined in trying to persuade me I pretended with some reluctance to give in and slipped open the top three buttons of the dress, this displayed to them a lot of cleavage and a glimpse of my white lace bra.

Of course when they realised that I was maybe willing to show them more they all began to encourage me. I protested that I was not that sort of a girl, but after more cajoling and still showing signs of reluctance I began to slowly open more and more of the buttons. The dress was finally open from top to bottom and through a gap of several inches they could now see my pretty brief underwear. 

Martin leaned over he kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear that I was doing a wonderful job. I smiled at him, then, protested indignantly as he pulled open one side of my dress. I quickly grabbed it and pulled it back, but then after some more persuasion from his friends I sat there looking very nervous and let him pull it open to display my body in just my brief revealing underwear, the six guys leaned forward to get a better look at me and I found myself staring into six pairs of lusting eyes.

Of course now I had been willing to go this far they wanted to see more of me. I smiled at Martin has he helped me off with my dress and then after a small protest I allowed him to remove my bra much to the delight of his friends. The sight of my firm naked breasts with their already prominent nipples was the cause for some interesting comments.

I was as usual becoming quite aroused by having been undressed in front of seven good looking young guys, I could already feel the tell tale wetness between my thighs as my juices began to flow. I also realised that there was probably a wet area visible on my brief panties, and I was sure the guys would notice it.

Things began to get a little more heated for both the guys and myself when Martin started openly caressing my breasts and tweaking and pulling on my already hard nipples making me roll my head from side to side and cry out.

My brief panties were the next to go, Martin was now kissing me, our tongues delving deep into each others throat, while at the same time he continued to massage and caress my breasts. Suddenly I felt someone's hands on the waistband of my panties. One of the guys had come over and was about to remove my last item of clothing. Clinging on to Martin, I eased my bottom up from the seat and allowed whoever it was holding on to my damp panties, to slip them off.

All around me I heard murmurs of approval as finally everything was on displayed to them, my breasts and my pussy completely devoid of hair, so every detail of my most secret parts could be clearly seen by everyone. Martin finally released me from his arms and I sat there displayed totally naked in front of them all, from the comments that were made they certainly liked what they saw. Encouraged and spurred on by their by their comments Martin wanted to show them more he told me to lift my feet up onto the seat and spread my legs. This of course opened my pussy and displayed the pink wetness inside.

Then he told me to play with myself, I did not object to this as was by this time very aroused and in need of some relief. I parted my pussy lips with my fingers and began to rub myself. Through my half closed eyes I could see them all leaning forward in their seats, their eyes feasting on the sight of my gaping wet pussy as I listened to their calls of encouragement my fingers rubbed over my engorged clit as I headed quickly towards a much needed orgasm.

The rest of the journey to the racecourse was reasonably uneventful, of course I had to remain naked, and that was something the guys appreciated very much. They made the most of it grabbing at my ass and feeling my tits as I passed along them serving them with drinks from the bar, but that was as far as things went.

I was a little worried when we reached the racecourse; the limo had been directed into the VIP car park. As far me I was getting a little concerned that I still had not been allowed to put my clothes back on. Surly Martin was not expecting me to remain naked once we got out of the car. It was one thing to strip off in front of the guys in the car, but to be seen naked in front of hundreds of people was a different thing entirely. Not that I thought it would actually happen, apart from anything else I think the powers that be; at the racecourse might have frowned on such a blatant display.

As it turned out he did not allow me to dress and he did make me get out of the car. I was feeling more than a little embarrassed as I stood naked in the car park. Then at last to my relief he handed me my dress. But not before several people who were walking past the limo gave me some interesting looks as I quickly struggled to button up the dress. When I at last had it buttoned up I realised just how thin the dress was and it felt strange being outside in the open with just the dress and nothing on under it.

Actually after that the whole the day went off very well, the weather was quite warm so I did not miss my undies and after a while I found it quite a pleasant sensation to be walking around with nothing but a light dress on. One of the guys had thoughtfully brought with him a digital camera persuaded me to pose for him on several occasions. I also got me to flash my body for him. He also liked to get some of the other guys in the picture, and all of them went for that. It was actually quite easy to do when the races were on because the crowed were watching the horses and not what we were up to. So I just stood in the crowd with some of the guys around me and let my dress fall open, I don't believe anyone apart from the guys who I was with saw what was going on, they were all too interested in the racing.

Of course spending a day drinking, gambling and been accompanied by a attractive young lady who they knew was wearing very little clothing got all the guys in a relaxed and jovial mood and by the time we returned to the car for the journey home they were ready for some more excitement.

We were still in the queue to get out of the car park when Martin told me to loose the dress. When I was naked he told me to serve the guys some drinks. There was not a lot of room in the car so there was now quite a bit of grabbing and touching my body as I went around and dished out the drinks.

Martin announced that I was available for their entertainment on the way home, they all cheered at this piece of news and it was not long before I was on my knees in the center of the floor with one of them thrusting into me from behind while I took another in my mouth. The journey back to the office took about an hour and a half and I can honestly say that never before had I been fucked continuously for so long, as soon as one was finished another took his place.

At one stage I experienced my first triple penetration, I have never been over the moon about anal sex but this was something new and different. It did take a bit of gymnastic effort before they both managed to get inside me at once, but at last amid cheers of encouragement, two of the fucked me while I sucked on the cock of another of them. Martin himself did not take part in the gang bang but sat back drinking and watching the action with interest 

By the time we arrived back at the hotel where we had first picked up the lads, I think they were all fully satisfied, as they left the car they thanked Martin and me for an eventful day out. I was by this time laying across one of the long seats in the car my body sore and aching both inside and out. I was also covered everywhere including in my hair with a sticky and messy combination of cum and sweat. 

When the lads had gone Martin came over to me and handed me a large drink of fresh orange juice, which I gratefully accepted from him. "I think you are in need of that." He said, "You did a great job." 

Back at Hinkerman's I was still feeling a little unsteady and Martin had to assist me from the car. The building of course was empty by this time on a Friday evening and we had to be let in by the security staff. We had not bothered with my dress, it was dirty and messed up and my underwear had disappeared while on the way to the races. The security guards did not seem to find it a problem when Martin turned up at the front door with a rather messed up and totally naked female. Although I was in a bit of a state and my body not looking at its best I could not help but notice that the two security guards took great interest in what was on display to them. 

Once in the lift we were soon back in my office, Martin helped me into the shower, and I was soon feeling a lot better as the stinging hot water washed the mess and some of the pain from my body. I stayed in the shower until I was feeling more like my usual self. At last I stepped out and wrapped a towel around me and walked back into my office to find Martin sitting at my desk, he looked up and smiled. 

"Are you feeling better now," he asked. 

I nodded. "A lot better now that I'm clean and showered,

"You certainly took some cock this afternoon." He said. "But you seemed to be enjoying it?" 

I looked at him, with a slight smile, "Well I can't say that I found it all that bad, some of it became a little painful towards the end, but I knew they did not mean to hurt me. I realised that it was all down to me that they were so turned on; you can't spend all that time with an almost naked girl and not finish up as randy as they were." I grinned. "But I can say without fear of contradiction that I have never had so many cocks in me in one day."

Martin smiled at me, "I hope you have still got room for another one, I was left out this afternoon I just sat back and let the guys have their fun." 

With that he eased down the zip of his pants and allowed about ten inches of very erect dick to spring out. He ran his hand slowly up and down the length of it. "Can you manage this," he said with a slight smile on his face. 

I loosened the towel and let it fall to the floor. I stood before him naked. He smiled as he saw that my body was pink and glowing from the shower. Then I walked over to where he was sitting in my swivel chair, I straddled his legs, and then I lowered myself until I felt him nudging up against my already well used pussy lips. He adjusted his position and I continued to lower myself feeling as I did so the full length of his tool began filling me up.

I have to admit that it felt rather painful at first as I was still feeling a little soar from my afternoon adventure. The pain was slightly relieved by my need to have him fuck me. I braced my hands on the chair arms and began to lift and lower my body thereby controlling the pace of the session myself.

Martin gripped on to my breasts, caressing them and teasing my nipples, I was now becoming more energetic, raising myself and then thrusting down on him. He cried out with each thrust and squeezed painfully onto my breasts. His body stiffened and he pleaded with me to slow down, I eased off slightly wanting to prolong the sensation for us both, but he was so worked up that he immediately lost control and I felt the wonderful sensation has he pumped me full of his cum. 

I clung to him, my arms around his neck as I felt him begin to soften inside me; I slowly felt him ease him out of me. 

"Was that OK for you?" I asked. 

He nodded "It sure was Samantha I really needed that." 

"Only too glad to be of service," I said getting to my feet.

I looked down at the mess I had made of his pants, "Sorry about that," I said. 

He smiled "Not a problem darling I have a spare pair in my office." 

He stood up and stripped off and we went and showered, together this time, and while he went to get a clean pair of pants I selected some clothes from my collection to go home in. The security guards smiled at us as we left, probably realizing what we had been up to. Martin dropped me off at my flat kissed me tenderly and with a last feel of my breasts thanked me for a very interesting day.