 House Call at Carmen's

My car's engine died as I turned the keys and pulled them out of the ignition. I looked up at the massive house in whose driveway I had just parked. The two-storey house towered in front of me, made more impressive by the large Doric pillars on the covered porch. While I was impressed by the house, I was not impressed to be called there on a sunny Saturday in the middle of summer.

I had received a call late that morning from Carmen. Displeased with my progress on a client presentation, she had demanded that I complete it at home and e-mail it to her.

"I asked for your input on that presentation several times last week, Carmen. I've completed it as much as possible without getting your input on how to proceed," I said, slightly annoyed.

"Well then I guess you'd better get over here to work on it with me," replied Carmen coolly.

"What? Why can't you just make the changes and send it back to me?"

"We need to work together; don't argue with me on this," she said sternly. "I expect you at my house in the next half-hour. My address is..."

So there I was, staring up at Carmen's mansion, contemplating my ruined Saturday. 

I reflected on the two weeks that had passed since Carmen had organised a rendezvous with Nat and me in her office that fateful morning. I had anticipated an escalation in our relationship from a purely professional one to a more sexual one. Although I had had sex with Sarah and Nat on a few occasions since that morning, Carmen had acted like that morning in her office had never happened. She remained stern and demanding towards me, and I had absolutely no leverage since she had damning evidence that could easily get me fired, or worse. I resigned myself to the idea that that morning had been a punishment; a tease. She knew I was attracted to her, and she had dangled possibilities in front of me, only to snatch them away. It had worked.

Expelling a resigned sigh, I grabbed my briefcase and walked up the steps to the porch. I rang the doorbell and waited. I heard faint footsteps just before the door swung open. The sight that met my eyes nearly made me cum in my cargo shorts. 

There stood a beautiful teenager with straight brown hair--a long fringe falling across her forehead, big brown doe eyes, and a white dress with tiny blue polka dots. She was short, curvy, and baby-faced, with slightly pouty lips. Her most noticeable feature, however, was the pair of humungous breasts squashed lusciously between the navel-level scooped neck of her dress. I stood, stunned, unable to look away from her gigantic bulging bosom. As I stared, I noticed her nipples were poking through the thin material. She was quite obviously not wearing a bra, since it would have been visible underneath her dress.

"Can I help you?" she said, putting a hand on her hip and pursing her lips. 

I looked up into her beautiful brown eyes, then removed my sunglasses, hooking them in the neck of my t-shirt.

"Yeah, I'm sorry—is Carmen available?" I asked, trying to recover my senses.

"Can I ask who's calling?" she said. 

I told her my name and that I was a colleague of Carmen's.

"She's expecting me," I finished, involuntarily glancing downwards at the girl's gargantuan tits, then clearing my throat and looking upwards as if something on the ceiling had caught my attention.

"Ok, come in, I'll tell her you're here," said the lovely teen as she opened the door wide and gestured for me to enter.

I felt my arm gently brush the frills on her dress, and I felt goosebumps form on my body. I walked past her, trying to hide my semi-erect cock with my briefcase as she shut the door. I gazed at her curvy waist and plump ass as she closed the door. She turned around and looked at me for a moment, before taking a step forward and extending her hand.

"I'm Emma, by the way." I took her hand in mine.

"Pleasure to meet you, Emma. And you know Carmen ...." I faltered, not knowing how to finish the sentence.

"She's a friend of my mom's. But I'm just living here for the summer. I'm working in the city... I go back to uni in a couple months" said Emma, asserting her age and maturity, no doubt. I took it as a positive sign.

"Ah, I see. You must find it hard to go back to student dorms after living here. This house is beautiful." I responded.

"Yeah, it's pretty great," she smiled shyly, and leaned back on the staircase banister, her hands behind her. 

Her breasts bulged obligingly, and I was certain they would burst out from behind the thin cotton to reveal themselves to my hungry eyes. I barely managed to hold her eye contact as I gave her a friendly smile. We smiled at each other for a few seconds, before I decided to break the silence.

"Um... is Carmen—" I started.

"—oh right! Sorry," blurted Emma, as she turned to go up the nearby staircase to the 1st floor. 

I watched as the hem of her dress danced about the tops of her shapely legs, but could not get a glimpse of her panties.

She returned a minute later, lightly bounding down the steps. This time, I was unable to look away, as her round melons bounced in time with her steps, each time threatening to escape from her dress. My cock got harder. She stopped in front of me, and caught me staring at her nearly-bare breasts. I had no defensive comment. Emma smiled widely.

"Pretty impressive, aren't they?" she said, putting her hands on her hips and smiling knowingly.

"Oh, I—I... ehm.." I stammered badly.

"It's ok. At least you're not a gross old man... plus you're pretty cute."

I smiled sheepishly, blushing scarlet.

"Thanks Emma. I'm really sorry for being so rude, but you are very, um... distracting. In a good way."

"Thanks," she said, holding her elbows below her balloon tits and smiling. 

"Carmen said you can go up and meet her in her office. It's the second door on the left." 

I nodded thankfully to her and walked up the stairs, holding my briefcase in front of my massive erection. At the top of the stairs I looked over my shoulder and got a nice view of Emma's tits as she walked below me, towards the back of the house. 

I entered the office, admiring the mahogany furniture, and addressed Carmen, who was sitting behind the desk.

"Good afternoon, Carmen. How's things?" I said.

"Busy, as always. Have a seat and let's get this done," she motioned to the chair beside her. 

I sat, glancing down the top of her white tank top. Her breasts were bulging outwards as they sat heavily on her desk as she leaned forward, her hands clasped under her chin. I sifted through my briefcase, brought out the work and set it on the desk in front of us, taking the opportunity to ogle Carmen's bust. I sat down, and we began to work.

************************

I set my pen down, leaned back in my chair, and ran my hands through my hair, blinking hard. We had been working hard on the project for hours.

"Carmen, can we please finish up soon. Most of my Saturday is gone as it is. I'm happy to work more on this tomorrow, but I'm just about finished for today," I said, feeling exasperated. 

Carmen looked up from the laptop, assessing my sincerity. She sighed and leaned back in turn, her breasts bulging over her tight top, her hands linked on her stomach.

"I suppose we've done enough," she admitted. "Look, I know I drive you hard, but I do appreciate the work you do. I would not have asked anyone else to come here and work on this with me on a Saturday—and that's a compliment. Listen, why don't you head downstairs, get yourself a drink from the fridge, and take a seat by the pool. You deserve it. I'll join you in a few minutes."

It was the first kind gesture I had received from Carmen in weeks. I was surprised, but not about to refuse.

"That would be nice. Is it just out the back?" I asked.

"Yeah, straight down the hall and through the kitchen," replied Carmen, standing and shuffling papers on her desk.

I put my papers in my briefcase and headed downstairs. I followed her instructions, entering the large kitchen and opening the fridge. I took out a cold beer, opening it straight away and tossing the cap on the counter. I took a long swig, enjoying the cold amber liquid soothing my throat. I opened the sliding doors and walked out onto a large open-plan patio. There were several deck chairs, sun loungers, and a patio table. Off to the left there was a separate area for the jacuzzi. 

I approached one of the chairs, and saw Emma half-reclining in one of the loungers, reading a magazine.

"Hey Emma. Lovely day to be outside," I commented.

"Oh hiya. Yeah it is amazing out here. All finished work I see," she nodded her head towards the beer in my hand.

"And none too soon. My brain is fried." 

I sat in one of the patio chairs and took another drink. Emma had large, dark sunglasses on, and was still wearing her sexy scoop neck dress. Her nearly exposed breasts were a faint pink from the sun. I tried not to stare.

"You going in the pool?" she asked. I looked at her, then out at the pool, squinting in the sunlight.

"I don't have a swimsuit."

"Oh." Emma seemed disappointed. 

I wiped a bead of sweat from my brow. After another quick glance at Emma's tits, I decided to take the initiative.

"It's bloody hot out here. You wouldn't mind if I just jumped in in my underwear, would you?" I set my beer on the patio table.

"Um, no... No that's fine with me." Emma sat up straighter and lowered her magazine onto her lap. 

I smiled and pulled off my t-shirt, then removed my shorts. I was wearing a tight pair of black boxer-briefs, and a smile. 

I have to say at this point (abandoning modesty) that I'm rather proud of my body. I keep active, get to the gym regularly, eat well, and am lucky enough to be gifted with genetics that cause me to turn heads, on occasion. I am average height, a little shy of 6 foot, I have short, brown hair, hazel eyes, and while not bulky or 'ripped', my musculature is toned and well-defined.

I faced Emma the whole time I disrobed. She stared at me the whole time, but I was unable to see where she was looking due to her sunglasses. The bulge of my cock showed obviously through the thin cotton. I turned and dove into the pool, enjoying the cool water as it washed over my body.

"You should come in, Emma," I called out. 

Emma put her magazine on the table and stood up. Brushing the edges of her dress over her thighs, she slowly walked over to the poolside and sat on the edge, dipping her legs in the water at the shallow end. She put her arms at her sides, palms on the pool edge and leaned slightly forward. Her breasts now hung magnificently in front of her, almost as if they wanted to dive into the pool themselves. I swam over and stood a few feet in front of her.

"That's what you're going to wear swimming? Okay then," I said.

"No, silly, I'm just coming over to make conversation," she replied half-mockingly. "And don't even think about—"

It was too late. She had fallen into my trap. I lunged forward, grabbing her wrists and pulling her forcefully into the water. With nothing to hold on to, she fell helplessly, her head tilted back and to the side to avoid the spray as her tits splashed into the water. As I leaned back, her head disappeared under the water. I let go and stood once more at a safe distance, knowing what would follow. 

Emma emerged from the water, dripping. Her hands pushed her hair out of her face and she blinked rapidly. I stared at her, grinning. Her dress was completely see-through. Her pink ritz cracker-sized areolas and erect nipples showed clearly through the fabric that clung to her mountainous bust. I felt blood surging into my loins.

"You fucking bastard!" she shrieked. "I can't believe you did that!" She gestured wildly, her tits jiggling as water continued to drip from them.

"I'm sorry Emma, but it was too tempting to resist. Kinda like you are now," I stepped closer to her, just out of arm's reach. 

She looked down at her soaked body, her see-through dress. Instead of covering herself, she lowered her hands to water-level and looked up at me.

"If you wanted me to show you my tits, all you needed to do was ask." 

She remained still, waiting for me to move. I stepped forward, fixated on her cleavage. She lunged forward into the water in front of me with catlike swiftness. Taken by surprise, my hands flew up to deflect the splash, but her intended target was lower. Her head struck me in the stomach and I stumbled backwards as if in slow motion. I felt her hands roughly grip the material at my hips, her nails scratching my skin. As I fell, she jerked her hands down, taking my underwear with them. 

When I regained my footing, spluttering, I was completely naked. Emma emerged from the water, flinging her hair back, and holding my underwear up. She was looking down into the water, trying to get a clear look at my semi-engorged cock. I strode toward her and she flung my underwear back over her head. They landed on the lawn behind her.

"Now we're even," she said, crossing her arms over her impressive bust.

"What's going on out here?" called a familiar voice. 

Our heads spun as Carmen walked onto the patio carrying a glass and a bottle of what looked like sun oil. She was wearing the tiniest black bikini I had ever seen, and had a towel draped over her arm. Her tits were nearly exposed, and I could tell her pussy was shaven clean. 

She put the oil and her drink on the table and strode over to the pool edge, her breasts bouncing with every step. My erection grew harder under the water.

"He pulled me in!" cried Emma.

"She took my underwear!" I shouted in defense.

"Emma, get out please," Carmen held the towel out, staring me down.

"But-"

"Now. I'll deal with this." Carmen was firm.

Emma looked at me, again trying to see through the water to my penis, then back to Carmen. She eventually waded her way to the steps, holding the railing as the emerged from the water. 

She approached Carmen, then before taking the towel, turned fully towards me and pulled her hair back and over her shoulder, squeezing the water over her tits. I could see from the thin film of her white cotton dress that she was not wearing any panties, and I relished the full view of her buxom body, her boobs bulging to the sides, her nipples hard, the dark patch of hair above her pussy like the dot of an exclamation point. 

Carmen thrust the towel in front of her, and Emma finally took it, grinning at me, before turning around and going inside.

"What do you have to say for yourself?" Carmen crossed her arms.

"My apologies, Carmen. But how hot did she look in that wet dress?" I chuckled.

"Excuse me? This girl is my friend's daughter!" She pointed towards the house, her breasts pulling the string of her bikini tight between them.

"And you're just doing her a favour, I know," I said sarcastically.

Carmen stood in stunned silence. I took the steps out of the water, my stiff cock standing erect in front of me, bobbing with my steps. I stood directly in front of her.

"I don't know how you feel about cock, Carmen, but I've seen the way you look at Nat and Sarah in the office. I saw you getting off while we fucked, and I'm not sure what happened when I left your office that day, but I'm pretty sure it involved some girl-on-girl action." 

I was being bold, but my frustration at being interrupted with Emma had made me so. Besides, technically I was off the clock and outside the office—and Carmen knew it. She could ask me to leave, but she could not sack me. 

She looked angry at first, then her eyes became calm. She looked down at my dick. She began to reach for it, then moved to the side and took my hand. She led me back to the patio and laid down on one of the sun loungers. She lowered it flat like a bed and undid the string of her bikini top.

"Put some oil on me," she said. 

Would this be my chance to finally fuck her? My cock twitched as I picked up the oil and squired it on her back. I knelt beside her and started to rub it in.

"Don't be shy, you can straddle me. Do it properly, at least." 

I sat astride her legs, my scrotum touching the bottom of her ass. My cock twitched again, then came to rest on the triangle of thin material which disappeared between her ass cheeks. I massaged her bare back, coating her in oil. I began at her upper back and neck, moving down to her shoulders, then to the sides, making sure to run my fingers over the sides of her breasts bulging out from under her.

"So you think I'm a dyke," Carmen said suddenly.

"Your words, not mine," I responded. 

The tips of my fingers lingered at her side-boobs, enjoying the pillowy flesh.

"I do like women. They allow me to be sexually uninhibited. Men... well, I have trust issues with men. I've found it's just easier with women. No emotions to get in the way."

"We've all be burned at one time or another, Carmen. It's no reason to switch teams." 

I moved my hands downward, squeezing her waist and massaging her lower back. A bead of pre-cum had formed at the tip of my dick.

"But why are you letting me touch you now if you don't trust men?" I asked.

"I like you. I know I shouldn't, but I think about you a lot. When I saw you with Nat and Sarah at the office retreat... I don't know. It made me furious that you chose them over me."

"You're my boss, Carmen. I was afraid of approaching you that way. Not that I didn't want to. God, it drove me crazy to look at you in your bikini all day." 

I rotated my hips and slid my cock along the cleavage of Carmen's full ass. My pre-cum stuck to one of her ass cheeks as I hooked my dick head under the bikini string. Carmen spun around, holding the loose material of her bikini top over her chest, just barely covering her nipples. I sat up, my cock hard as diamond, pointing straight at her. She sat up, put her legs on either side of the sun lounger, and inched closer to me, not taking her eyes off mine. 

She stopped, her mouth an inch from the tip of my penis.

"This is your punishment," she said, as she gently blew on my dick head. 

I was about to grab the back of her head and thrust my cock into her waiting mouth, when she suddenly stood up. She tied her bikini top back up and smiled at me. As if on cue, the doorbell rang from inside.

"Better get your pants back on, sweetie," Carmen giggled as she sauntered into the house. 

I couldn't believe my bad luck. I walked back to the pool and pulled on my underwear, barely managing to tuck my throbbing cock under the waistband. I was about to collect my clothes when Carmen returned with a woman about her age, not quite as attractive, but with the biggest tits I had ever seen. She wore a light green spaghetti strap tank top and I though her massive orbs would snap the straps at any moment, if my dick didn't snap my waistband first.

"Oh, you have company," mused the new woman. 

Carmen smiled and introduced me, glancing down at the obvious bulge in my underwear.

"And this is Gina," she said. 

Gina stepped forward and I shook her hand, trying not to stare into the depths of her cleavage.

"A pleasure," I said.

"I can see that," relied Gina softly, with a nod towards my groin, and a subtle wink.

I felt my face getting hot as my erection throbbed. I thought I would blow my load in my underwear if one of the girls so much as brushed against me. 

At that moment, Emma returned from inside, wearing a bikini top of her own. It was a string bikini, similar to Carmen's but bright pink. I stared blatantly from one magnificent set of tits to the other, doing my best not to openly salivate on myself. 

Carmen gave a stern and disapproving look to Emma as she passed; Emma returning a cheeky smile. She approached me and stood next to Gina.

"Hi mom," said Emma. Gina was staring at my groin, her eyes half-lidded, a finger playing with a lock of her long brown hair.
