 It was busy at the pub for our Friday after-work drinks. I was chatting with the sexy receptionist Nathalie as I sipped my beer at the bar. She was wearing a short black skirt and a tight white blouse. The top three buttons were undone and from my vantage point I had a marvelous view of her ample cleavage. Nat trailed her fingers over her collarbone, further exposing her bulging bust. I could see that she was wearing a bra, which pushed her bosom up deliciously, straining the material of her blouse. We were seated on the bar stools, and her heeled foot gently stroked my leg as we spoke.

"So, I was wondering when I was going to get that beautiful cock in me again," she said casually.

"Nat, keep it down. Your husband's here," I said cautiously looking around the room.

"Oh, it's fine. He's flirting with the new girl." 

I looked across the pub and saw Nat's husband Mike chatting with Alice, the new girl working in the marketing department. She was fresh out of uni, about 21. She was thin, with straight blonde hair, pale skin, narrow waist, and a firm, perfect ass at the bottom of a sexily curved lower back. Her ass appeared to stick out invitingly because of her back curvature, and it was all I could do to stop staring at it in her tight grey work trousers. Her breasts were not large, or small, but she had very sexy curves between them (which I noticed in the fleeting moments I happened to peek down her blouse), indicating a perfect shape. I had flirted with her a few times, but had not yet developed a strong rapport.

"I know she has a fabulous ass, but you don't have to stare at it so much when I'm showing you my rack," said Nat, sounding mildly annoyed. 

I looked back to Nat.

"Sorry... yeah, it is sweet," I mused, chucking. 

I looked back to Alice and noticed that Mike had left her and was approaching us. Nat tucked her leg under her stool.

"Hey Mike, what's up?" I said trying to sound casual. 

Nat stood up and kissed Mike, saying, "I'm going to chat with your new friend, honey. I'm going to try to get a better look at her ass too."

She winked at us and sauntered off, swaying her hips. I stared at her. My attention was diverted by Mike.

"She's a saucy one, isn't she?"

"Alice? I don't know, I haven't really--"

"--I was talking about my wife."

"Oh. Um... I..."

"It's alright, we're really quite an open couple, as you know." 

Mike had told me previously about how open he and Nat were about sex. But as far as I knew, they were faithful to each other... well, except when it came to me.

"You have to admit," Mike continued, "Nat's got the best tits in the office. I mean, Carmen's are pretty nice, but Nat's..." he held his cupped hands out in front of his chest and looked at me knowingly. 

I smiled nervously and looked away.

"Oh come on, don't act like you haven't noticed. I know you've checked out my wife's tits."

"Mike, I don't really feel comfortable..."

"Hey, don't feel awkward. I know you well enough to have a man-to-man about this kind of stuff." 

He took a sip of his beer as he watched Nat touch Alice on the arm as the two laughed and looked over at us. Mike raised his glass and I nodded to them. Mike looked at me expectantly.

"Yeah, she's got... fantastic breasts," I said. 

Mike grinned broadly.

"That's more like it!"

He slapped my arm, almost causing me to spill my beer. 

Mike was about my height, with close cut brown hair. He was heavier than me, a tiny bit pudgy, but not fat. He stood next to me as we watched the girls. He leaned towards me confidentially. He smelled strongly of alcohol.

"Listen, how would you like to see more of Nat? I mean a lot more." 

I looked at him, taken aback. I decided to play dumb.

"Uh... what do you mean?"

"Mate, don't be daft. Look at those tits. Wouldn't you just love to stick your dick between them? Let me tell you, she gives the best tit fuck you can ever imagine," he chuckled. 

I changed strategy, now deciding to play along to see where this would go.

"She's not shy about showing them off either. I've noticed she's gone bra-less a few times. Those things were bouncing around like balloons."

"Ha ha! Yeah, she loves to tease. I bet you get an eyeful, no pun intended. You get to work in her office. If I were you I'd just stare at those titties all day." 

Mike slapped me on the back and took a swig from his pint, finishing it. I did the same with mine and ordered two more. We walked away from the bar and found a small, high table to lean on. Mike poked his elbow into my ribs and reached into his pocket, retrieving his phone.

"Hey, wanna see 'em?" he asked.

"Who?"

"Not 'who', 'what'," he said, punching the screen on his phone with his forefinger. 

He stopped moving his finger, smiled, and turned the phone so I could see the screen. It was a shot of Nathalie's head and torso. She was topless, supporting her tits from below with her hands and pursing her lips. Her bountiful bosom overflowed over her hands. Her nipples were erect, and her eyes half closed. It was nothing I hadn't seen before, but I tried to look surprised.

"Wow! Her tits really are amazing. You're a lucky bastard, Mike."

"Tell me about it. Here, look at this one." 

He scrolled to the next photo. It was Nat lying on a bed. Her legs were spread and she had a purple vibrator inserted in her pussy. Her other hand was holding one of her huge tits up to mouth, where she was tonguing her nipple.

"Holy shit, that is hot!" I exclaimed. 

Mike put his phone away and sipped his beer.

"Listen, I've had an idea lately, but haven't had the balls to bring it up with Nat." 

He turned towards me and looked at me earnestly.

"I've always fantasized about watching another guy fuck my wife. I think it would be so hot. But I don't want to freak her out by suggesting it, and I don't want her thinking she can go around and fuck whoever she wants." 

"Yeah, of course." I nodded supportively.

"Right. So I have an idea. What would you say if I asked you to have sex with Nat?" 

I stared, astonished, at Mike's face. He was being earnest, no sense of humour or irony is his manner or his tone.

"Dude... I.... that's..." I stammered.

"Look, I trust you. You're a good guy. You're not going to try to sneak around or steal her away from me. And I know she likes you. I've seen her looking at you with that look she gets. I know she'd fuck you in a second if she got the chance."

"Okaaaay..." I was squirming uncomfortably.

"Think about it: you could suck on those tits, fuck that pussy. Hell, you can even cum on her face if you want!" Mike said, much too loudly.

"Keep it down, Mike!" I hissed.

"I just want to watch. It has to be you, man. I wouldn't trust anyone else."

"And what makes you think she'd say yes to me?" I asked.

"I just know, ok? I know her. She wants your cock. She talks about you at home, you know. We talk about people in the office we'd like to fuck... for fun, right. She's mentioned you a lot. Trust me, she'll be up for it."

"I don't know, Mike. This whole idea is crazy."

"Please, mate. Do it for me if you're not going to do it for yourself." 

Without waiting for a response he plowed on.

"Listen, I'm going to tell Nat I'm going away tomorrow for a golf weekend with some friends. I'll tell her you're stopping by tomorrow to borrow... I don't know, some tools or some shit. Talk to her tonight--get her horny. When you come over tomorrow I want you to seduce her."

"Jesus Christ, Mike."

"Just do it. I know she'll take the bait. Just before you arrive, send me a text. I'll sneak in and walk in on you guys when you're going at it. Fuck, this is going to be fun!" he said excitedly.

"I haven't even agreed to anything!" I said, exasperated.

"Right. If I don't get a call from you tomorrow by noon, I'll assume you're not interested. Otherwise, the door's open, my friend."

Mike winked and walked off with his pint to talk to Nat. I shook my head and had a few large gulps of my pint. I supposed it was better this way than sneaking around.

The rest of the evening was fairly uneventful. I flirted heavily with Alice, talked to Sarah and Carmen about work, then bumped into Nat on my way out.

"Mike just told me you were coming by tomorrow to borrow a tool. Since he'll be away I'd like to use your tool for a while," she said and squeezed my groin through my trousers. She leaned in to my ear.

"I can't wait," she whispered.

*******************************

I walked to Nat's door, having just sent Mike the text. I was nervous, but excited too. I couldn't wait to see the look on Nat's face when Mike walked in while my dick was buried in her hot cunt. I rang the doorbell. After a moment, Nathalie answered the door, dressed in a small spaghetti strap tank top and blue jean shorts.

"Oh god, it's about time!" she said as she pulled me inside by my hand. 

She slammed the door shut and crouched on the floor, unbuttoning my shorts and taking out my swaying limp cock. She stroked it fiercely then sucked the head into her mouth.

"Mmmmmm... mmmmmmm..." she hummed ecstatically as she suckled my dick. 

I could feel blood begin to flood into my shaft. She popped it out between her lips.

"God, I've wanted you so bad. I wanted to fuck you all last night." 

She tickled my balls with her tongue.

"Mike fucked me pretty good, but his cock just doesn't fill me like yours does," she said, as she licked my hardening shaft. 

She took it into her mouth and bobbed her head as she stroked my shaft.

"Oh fuck, Nat. I wanted to stick my cock between your tits so bad. You looked so fucking sexy in your work clothes, with your tits busting out of your blouse." 

I pushed Nat's hair out of the way and she looked up at me as she gave me head. After a minute of glorious dick sucking, my cock was rock hard. I pulled Nat up so she stood in front of me and kissed her. Then I took her into the dining room. That way Mike could sneak in through whichever door he liked to catch us in the act. 

Nat's nipples poked through her tight thin top. I pulled her top down, her breasts bouncing into view. Every time I saw them, they amazed me. They were perfect. Huge, plump, round, and natural. They hung perfectly without sagging.

"Fuck, Nat, I love your tits." 

I dove my face into them, licking and sucking, pushing them against my cheek. Nat leaned back on her hands and swung her breasts back and forth, slapping my face with them. I emerged, breathless, then undid her shorts, pulling them to her ankles. She was not wearing panties. I kissed her again, then lifted her onto the table. I spread her legs, crouched and began to eat her pussy. I lapped at her labia and sucked her clit until she began to moan loudly. I wondered if Mike was watching, or even here yet.

"Oooohhh... I need you now. Fuck me now!" 

Nat pulled my hair and I rose to my feet, kissing her mouth and running my tongue over her lips. I felt up her tits and pinched her nipples between my fingers. I stepped back and gripped my cock, slapping it on her dripping pussy. Nat panted and squeezed one of her tits.

"Put it in me! Stick it in my hot pussy!" she ordered loudly. 

I pushed my dick against her labia, watching as they parted to allow me entry. Without hesitating I thrust forward, driving my cock deep into her cunt. It penetrated her fairly easily, aided by her juices. Nat squeaked and flinched, her tits jiggling as her hand squeezed her melon harder. I pulled out and began a steady rhythm, not wasting any time allowing her stretched pussy to adjust.

"That's it... that's it baby... fuck that little pussy," said Nat in a breathy voice as she roughly kneaded her breast. 

I thought about when and how Mike might make his entrance. I supposed it didn't matter much, as I now had my cock in his wife. We would be easily caught.

I reached up and grasped a massive handful of her freely bouncing titty. With my other hand I massaged Nat's clit with my thumb.

"Ooooouuu yeah baby... I love it!" she cooed, pushing her heavy handfuls out and looking at me sensually. 

I fucked her for a few minutes, both of us watching my wet penis vanish into her pink folds as we molested her melons, breathing heavily. When Nat's moans became louder I pulled my cock out and slapped it rapidly on her clit. She released her tit and put her hand in her hair, shutting her eyes tightly.

"Aaaaaaaaaahh! Fuuuuuuuck!" she screamed. 

A fine spray of her squirting orgasm showered our stomachs as Nat came. My cock head made very wet slapping sounds on her mound as Nat screamed and shuddered violently, her legs shaking in the air, her breasts jostling about, her breath coming out in jerks. 

I stopped slapping her pussy and stepped back a foot. Nat pulled at the skin above her slit with her fingertips as her pussy convulsed, shooting a spray of cum onto my stomach and groin. Her cum dripped voluminously from the tip of my cock and my balls. I stroked my shaft, enjoying the warm wetness coating my loins. 

Nat's spurt subsided and became a trickle, running between her legs, pooling on the edge of the dining room table and dripping onto the floor. She gently stroked her middle finger up and down her wet slit, breathing deep, heavy breaths. She ran her fingertips up her stomach, between her massive bust, and into her mouth, as she savoured the taste of her juices.

"I needed that," said Nat, circling her fingers around one of her hard nipples. "What are you going to do to me now?" she asked.

"Why don't we go to the living room and you can suck this cum off my dick and balls."

I approached Nat, my cock bobbing heavily in front of me, and held her hips as I lifted her off the wet table. She put her arms around my neck and wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling herself against me and kissing me hard on the mouth. My cock was pressed between us, Nat's wet pussy lips sliding along its length. I was temped to lift her up and skewer her on my shaft, but instead carried her to the living room. 

I set her down and she knelt on the carpet, placing her hands on my thighs. She took my dripping cock into her mouth and sucked ferociously, making slurping sounds as she lapped up her pussy juice from my shaft. She pursed her lips and slid them down the underside of my rod, sucking her wetness, until she reached my balls. She suckled them eagerly, cleaning her cum from my scrotum and tonguing my nuts with gusto as she stroked my shaft rapidly. 

After cleaning her mess off my member, she led me to the couch by my throbbing dick and laid down.

"Put that fucking horse cock between my titties and fuck them like you fucked my cunt," she commanded, pushing her mammoth breasts together and jiggling them against one another.

"Yes ma'am," I said, straddling her with one foot on the floor. 

I pushed my penis down at the base until my head rested below her pillowy bust. I spit a gob of saliva down onto her midriff and rubbed my cock in it, liberally coating it.

"Ooou yeah, get it nice and wet before you slide it between my tits," said Nat. 

I pushed my dick head against the bottom of her cleavage, sliding it up between her breasts, feeling the soft warmth engulf my cock. My cock head emerged on the other side near Nat's throat as the bottoms of her tits came to rest on my abdomen, my balls trailing on her stomach up to her chest. Nat squashed her boobs together, her nipples bulging and her flesh squeezing out between her splayed fingers. I felt her chest meat compress my cock as I slid it back, then thrust into her cleavage again. 

After a few slow strokes, Nat pulled her tits to the side and looked at my long dick as it rested on her chest. She smiled, then spat on it, and pressed her breasts together again, enclosing my cock in a warm, wet, busty embrace. The sensation was incredible, and I began to fuck her tits enthusiastically, gently pinching her nipples as I thrust into her bosom.

"Oh fuck, Nat, your tits feel so good wrapped around my cock," I moaned.

"I love feeling your thick meat slide between them. It gets me so hot." 

I fucked her tits hard, sending ripples through her mounds as my pelvis pounded them from below, the tops of her breasts bouncing off her chin. I pushed her hands away and her heavy breasts fell to the side, revealing my slick cock. Nat's skin on her chest was red from the friction. I spat on her chest and rubbed my cock around. Nat also spat on her tits as I pushed them together again, and resumed my frenzied thrusting. I squeezed her breasts hard as I fucked them, marveling at their size, weight, shape, and softness. Her pink nipples touched as Nat hummed and played with her hair.

"Mmmmm, baby... I need you to fuck me again," she said, biting her finger. 

I withdrew my dick from her cleavage and bent over her, sucking both of her nipples into my mouth. I nibbled at them gently. I pinched them and pulled Nat's tits up, letting them hang from my fingertips.

"Oooou! Yeah, pinch those nipples!" she squealed. 

I released them and they bounced on her chest and spread to the side. She pushed them up again as I gripped my cock and rubbed it over her chest pillows, her hard nipples stimulating the underside of my dick head. I pushed my cock against her tit flesh, making large indents, then slapping my length against first one tit, then the other, watching them ripple and jiggle between Nat's hands.

"You really are tit-obsessed, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yeah, but mostly with yours. I've never seen more perfect tits. I could just fondle them all day."

"Well you're welcome to do so anytime you like," said Nat as she wiggled her tits up and down. 

I kissed her breasts a bit more, then stood up, pulling Nat up with me. I looked about the room and noticed the large doorway into the front hall in front, and the adjoining dining room to the right. Mike could sneak in and observe easily from either vantage point. Since he would probably be arriving soon, I wanted him to have the best view of me fucking his wife, with nowhere for us to hide. Nat stood in front of me, and I embraced her and kissed her, grabbing her ass and grinding against her. I dipped my face into her bust, unable to resist her inviting bosom, while my fingers explored her smooth pussy. 

I turned her around and pushed her forward so she was bent at the waist. She went along with it and put her hands on her knees, keeping her legs straight. I crouched down and peered at her between her legs. Her huge tits obscured most of her face, as she attempted to look around them. I tucked into her exposed snatch, sucking her clit and darting my tongue in and out of her wet hole.

"Oooooh... ooooh... that's so goooood! Tongue my asshole, I love it." 

I spat on her puckered anus and explored it with my tongue. I inserted my finger into her butt hole and twisted it about as I stood up, rubbing my dick head over her lubricated pussy lips.

"Oh fuck yeah! If you weren't so huge I'd ask you to fuck me in the ass, but I think you're too big for me, honey." Nat's muffled voice came from below.

"Maybe we can give it a try later on baby, but first I'm going to fuck your pussy again." 

I pulled my finger from her ass and put my hand on her ass cheek, guiding my cock with the other. I spread my legs to lower myself to a good level, then pushed my head inside her. Putting my other hand on her butt cheek, I forced my way into her warm depths. I penetrated her deeply and she let out a long, loud moan. After I had pushed most of my cock into her soft pussy, I pushed her legs together, compressing me inside her, her pussy lips puffing out around my thick girth.

"Oh god! I can feel you fill me up, I can feel your cock throbbing deep in my cunt!" 

She positioned her torso at 90 degrees to her legs, her hands on her knees, her back curved. I pulled out nearly all the way, then thrust back inside her, my thighs slapping against hers. 
