 When I got in my office, there was a note on my desk from Martin to call him. He wanted to know how I was intending to get to the sales conference. To be honest, I had been so busy all week that I had quite forgotten that I needed to make some travel arrangements. Luckily for me, Martin had been on the ball and said that he would have room in his car, but that meant I had to be ready to be off in a couple of hours. 

It was a good job that I had everything I needed in my office. I quickly packed a weekend case. I was not sure what I would need; Martin had not said anything, so I put in a selection of sexy underwear and four dresses for evenings, as well as a couple of outfits for the daytime. 

I was feeling more than a little shattered after my night with the Japanese. During the journey, I tried to keep my eyes open and chat to Martin, but it was comfortable in the car, tiredness got the better of me, and I fell asleep. 

I don't know how long I had slept, but the feeling of a hand lightly stroking my leg roused me. I was still a little drowsy from sleep, but I realised that Martin must have been feeling bored, with me sleeping beside him instead of providing him with some company on the long journey. He was now looking for some in car entertainment. 

I kept my eyes closed, not letting on to him that I was awake. I just lay back and enjoyed the sensation as his hand slowly brushed my short skirt up exposing my thigh. I could now feel my skirt being pulled up even higher, and I realised that my pussy, covered only by a thin band of silk, must now be visible. 

I could not help expressing a groan as I felt his fingers rubbing along the cleft of my lightly covered pussy. Then he eased the thin fabric aside and I groaned again as I felt his exploring fingers enter me. He quickly found my clit and began to rub it, rotating it expertly with one finger. Under this sort of stimulation, there was no way that I could still pretend that I was asleep. I thrust my hips forward, pressing myself hard against his searching hand. 

I opened my eyes and looked over at him. He turned and smiled at me, his fingers still working on me. "Sorry I woke you up," he said, "but I was in need of a little stimulation and could not resist the temptation." 

I smiled. "It's no problem, Martin," I said. "It was a rather nice way to be woken up." 

I unfastened my seat belt eased my self up off the seat and slid down my panties. Then I lay back in my seat with my legs spread wide and enjoyed the wonderful sensation of being expertly finger fucked while zooming down the motorway at a hundred miles an hour. 

After he had brought me to a most satisfying climax, I returned the compliment. He slid his seat back; I leaned across and extracted his already hard cock from his pants, and went down on him. My lips circled his throbbing member. As I drew him into my mouth, I felt him filling me and pushing against the back of my throat. I nipped him gently with my teeth as my head began to bob in his lap. I don't really know just how dangerous this was, but I do recall hearing the screech of breaks and loud honking of horns as he dumped large quantities of hot sticky cum down my throat. Afterwards, we did have to pull into a service station to clean up before we finally arrived at our destination. 

The location for the sales weekend was a small luxury hotel in the country, complete with its own golf course. Hinkerman's had taken the place over completely for the whole weekend, something apparently they did every year. Martin was greeted warmly by the Manager, and after signing in, we were shown up to our rooms. Martin's and mine were next door to each other, and when I was shown into mine, I was not at all surprised to discover that there was a connecting door. 

My room was comfortable with lovely views over the garden. A dozen red roses and a bottle of champagne residing in a silver ice bucket greeted me. There was a note in the roses thanking me for everything I had done over the last few weeks; it was from the directors and all the management staff at Hinkerman's 

I had just finished my unpacking when there was a light knock on the connecting door; it opened and Martin came in. I thanked him for the gifts and together we opened the champagne. We sat in the window seat overlooking the garden, and as we drank, Martin explained to me about the weekend. He told me that tonight everyone would meet up for a bit of a get together in the bar followed by dinner. Tomorrow, after an early breakfast, the rest of the day would be taken up by the sales conference. As my services would not be required, I could spend the day doing my own thing. He told me that Rose would be joining us so I would not be on my own. I was pleased to hear this because I got had gotten on well with Rose since our last little get together at the board meeting. 

Martin went on to tell me that later in the day, some of the senior directors would be arriving to join us for the evening meal and the entertainment. To complete the weekend, a golf tournament had been arranged for Sunday. 

He refilled our glasses and went on to explain what my role was to be this evening. He wanted me to be his escort for the evening. He wanted me to create the impression that I was solely his property. I nodded. "I don't think I will have any problems with that," I said with a smile. 

"I need you to look ravishingly sexy," he went on, "so that every man in the room wants to get into your pants." 

I looked at him with a slight grin. "I hope that's not what is going to happen." He looked puzzled. "Every man in the room gets into my pants," I said. 

He laughed. "No chance," he said, grinning. "I don't believe even you could take on all of them. Let's have a look at what you have brought to wear and I will pick something suitable out," he said. I went over to the wardrobe and took out the four dresses that I had brought and laid them on the bed. 

He selected two for me to try on. I slipped out of my dress and shrugged into on of the dresses he had chosen. It was a short white cocktail dress with a tight skirt and a lace bodice. Then I tried on the other one. It was a black body hugging one with a long skirt that was split up one side almost to the waist. He looked thoughtfully at me standing in front of him in the black dress. "I like that one," he said thoughtfully, "although I think it would look a lot better without the undies." I smiled to myself as I pulled the dress up over my head and dropped it on the bed. Then slowly I removed my bra and panties. Martin looked longingly at my naked body. "That's how you should go to the party," he said with a grin. 

"Then everyone would be in my pants," I said with a smile. "That is, of course, if I had any on in the first place." 

We finally settled on the black dress, but he asked me to leave off my undies. Martin had suggested I wear a pair of my black hold-ups with broad lacy tops. They complemented the outfit well and also showed nicely through the long split in the skirt. The other part of me that was displayed in the dress was my breasts and especially the dark shape of my nipples. The dress had an almost see through top half, through which the swell of my breasts and the shapes of my nipples were almost visible. 

By this time, both of us had become so turned on by my little display that I made no objection when Martin, after helping me out of my dress, led me over to the king sized bed. I climbed up on the bed and lay there watching him as he quickly stripped out of his clothes. I parted my legs, an open invitation to him, as he joined me. I was as usual extremely wet and he slid into me easily. I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him close, feeling the wonderful thrill as he filled me completely. We lay there for a few minutes reveling in the sensation. 

"I'm going to miss you, Samantha," he said. Then he began to slowly pump into me. 

I clung to him. "I don't know if I am going to miss you," I said, "but I'm certainly going to miss this." He laughed. 

After Martin had returned to his room, I took a long shower and started to get ready for the evening ahead. I was in my wrap sitting at my dressing table when there was a knock on the door. I went over and opened it to find Rose standing there. She came into the room and we greeted each other warmly. She was already dressed for the evening in a figure hugging strapless red dress. "Just thought you might need some company before going into the lions den," she said with a grin. 

I looked at her. "They aren't as bad as that, are they?" I asked. 

She smiled. "Well, you know what guys are like when they have been let free for the weekend." 

We chatted as I finished applying my make up; then I stood up and slipped out of my wrap, and picked up my dress from the bed. She looked at me as I stood there holding my dress wearing only my stockings. 

"Well, that outfit should give them something to think about," she said as the dress slid down my naked body. 

I fastened the dress and turned to face her. "What do you think?" I asked. 

"It's very nice, but it does not leave a lot to the imagination," she said with a grin. 

We made our way down to the bar, and yes, the dress did make a few people stare. Martin greeted us and handed us both a drink. He introduced me to several of the sales team who were standing chatting with him. I could not help but notice that they were more interested in what I was displaying than in my face. I began to feel the usual excitement I got when displaying my body and I could already feel a hint of dampness in my pussy. 

The meal went off well, and I think I played my part well as Martin's escort. One or two of the guys did talk to me, but it went no further than a casual conversation. They seemed to accept the fact that I was Martin's girl. 

Rose was in the company of one of the managers who was helping Martin organize the weekend, and they disappeared upstairs quite early. Martin and I stayed nearly to the end before we left, leaving just a few hardened drinkers to finish off the night. 

Back in my room, Martin said he thought the evening had been a success, and he thanked me for my part in it. I was feeling rather horny after being ogled all evening and did not object when Martin suggested that we spend the night together. 

This was the first time we had had sex in a bed together, and it was a wonderful experience. After the many times we had fucked, it was nice to do it at last in the comfort of a bed instead of over a desk or on the office floor. 

Martin was a good lover and I knew by now what he liked and how he liked it. By the time we had had our fill of each other's bodies, we both fell into a deep sleep. Martin disturbed me arising early in the morning. I smiled at him as I pulled the covers over me. "I need an early start," he explained. "You have a lay in. I think you might find you need it," he said with a grin. As he left the room, he said he would arrange for some breakfast to be sent up. 

It was a nice luxury having breakfast in bed. Rose rang me and suggested a shopping trip into the town. I liked the idea and we had a good day together, especially as Martin had supplied Rose with a company credit card. 

On the way back to the hotel, Rose told me that tonight we would be putting on some entertainment for the guys, but she would not explain to me what it would entail. I imagined it might be something along the lines of the lesbian act that we had put on at the board meeting a few weeks ago. 

She told me to dress for dinner, but to sort out some sexy underwear and one of my normal day outfits for later. I was ready to go down when she came to collect me. I had decided on the white cocktail dress that Martin had selected. Rose looked through the other items I had sorted. She nodded as she looked through them. "They look fine," she said as she picked them up. On the way down stairs, she dropped the extra outfit off in an empty room just next to the main dining room. 

The dinner was special tonight; four of the directors, including Mr. Hinkerman, had arrived. After the meal, they would be handing out awards to members of the sales team for their achievements during the last year. 

The meal was extra special and the wine flowed like water. By the time they got around to the speeches and the presentations, everyone was in a good mood. Rose beckoned to me before the presentations got underway, and we got up and left the room together. 

She took me to the room where she had left my change of clothes. She told me to change into them. Then once I had done that, I was to sit and wait for further instructions. In the room, I found an ice bucket containing a bottle of champagne. There was a note with it from Martin telling me to enjoy myself. 

I poured myself a glass before removing my white dress and slipping into the change of underwear that I had selected earlier. After dressing in the skirt and blouse, I filled up my glass, and with some trepidation, and even a little excitement, waited to be called. 

I was on my second glass before there was a loud knock on the door and it was opened to reveal two men dressed in what looked like army combat uniforms. They had shiny black boots and caps with the peaks pulled low over their eyes. They came into the room, and without speaking to me, one of them took a pair of handcuffs out of his pocket and fastened my hands behind my back. Then the other one took out a blindfold and tied it around my eyes. Then they took hold of my arms, one on each side of me, and led me out of the room. 

I felt myself being lead in the direction of the main dining room, and I heard the soft murmur of voices. I was walked into the room and told to stop. Their hands were still on my arms, gripping them. Suddenly, there were whistles and shouts as someone else entered the room. I could hear the sounds of footsteps on the wooden floor. 

Then I heard Rose's voice quite close to me. "So this is the traitorous bitch who won't tell us who she is working for." I could not at first understand what was going on. Rose spoke again. "Well, you have brought her to the right person. I have my ways of making people like her talk." 

It was then it dawned on me: this was my fantasy, the fantasy about being interrogated, the one I had related to her only a few days before. I felt myself shivering now with excitement; was I at last going to live out my wildest fantasy, here in front of the directors and the sales staff? I felt my nipples begin to harden and a warm moist feeling begin in that most intimate place between my thighs. 

"She is a real beauty, this one," I heard Rose's menacing voice say; then I felt something hard like a stick, rubbing across my breasts and down over my stomach. "But don't worry; she will reveal everything for us before I have finished with her." I heard whoops and whistles from the audience as they clicked on to the double meaning of what she had just said. 

"Unfasten her handcuffs," I heard her say to one of the guards who were still holding on to my arms. One of my arms was loosened and the handcuffs were removed. I felt or rather sensed Rose standing very close to me. "Who are you working for?" she asked. I said nothing. "Tell us who you are working for or you will be sorry, young lady?" I still said nothing; I wanted to be sorry. 

"Strip the bitch," she ordered. "Let's see how she likes that." I felt a hand grip the collar of my blouse. The materiel held for a moment and then it ripped. Other hands tore at the thin materiel. I felt the now tattered blouse being ripped from me. 

I heard comments from the audience as my breasts clad only in my brief sexy bra were displayed to them. Suddenly, I was nearly pulled off my feet as my skirt was ripped away. Again, I could hear whistles and shouts, and I was now displayed to them in my revealing bra and panties. 

"Are you willing to talk yet?" I heard Rose's voice asking me, "or do I let my men continue?" I stood there saying nothing. The sensation of being forcibly stripped in public was everything I imagined it would be. It was a far greater sensation then I had felt when I had been stripped so publicly at the charity auction a few weeks ago. The fact that I was blindfolded seemed to heighten the sensation. Of course, I knew the people who were watching my display, but not being able to see them also heightened the sensation. Also, the fact that I was being so forcibly stripped excited me. 

I felt hands squeezing my breasts now revealed in my skimpy bra. They were rubbing over my nipples that were already becoming erect. I was not sure if it were Rose or the hands of the guards who were taking liberties with me. Again, I heard murmurs of approval from around me. 

Then I felt something cold and hard slide under my bra and up between my breasts. Suddenly, as my bra snapped, I realised it had been a knife. I felt the cups of my bra fall away to reveal my breasts to the loud cheers and clapping of the watchers. 

I groaned and almost cried out as my hard, erect nipples were gripped between someone's fingers and twisted painfully, by whom I did not know. I realised I was now standing there in nothing but my brief panties, stockings, and heels. I must have looked an erotic sight. There were suddenly chants of "Yes, yes ,yes." The chanting crowd now wanted to see everything, and I knew they were not going to be disappointed. 

Due to the blindfold, I was not too sure what was happening at that moment. There was suddenly a cheer from the audience and my body jerked. If I had not been held by the guards, I would probably have fallen over as the last shred of clothing was forcibly ripped from my body. Now I knew I was standing there naked revealing everything to the wildly chanting crowd. 

"Are you willing to talk now that you are shamefully displayed to everyone?" I heard Rose's voice in my ear. I was not sure what would happen to me if I agreed to talk but I did realise that the more I objected, the more interesting it might become. So I defiantly shook my head. 

Again I heard Rose's voice, now addressing the audience. "Our attractive captive is still not willing to talk," she said. "I would like a volunteer from the audience to come up and help me convince her." I heard shouts of several members of the audience eagerly offering their services. There were cheers and I felt the presence of someone else on the small stage. I heard Rose ask his name. He told her he was Ross, and he worked for the Hinkerman's sales force. 

I suddenly felt someone close to me. Rose spoke. "Rather attractive little thing, isn't she?" 

I heard another voice; it must have been Ross. "Very attractive, beautiful tits," he said. I felt hands on my breasts, kneading them and rubbing the hard nipples. I groaned. 

"What about this pussy?" I heard Rose ask. I flinched as a finger was run down between the moist lips of my pussy. "She's already getting wet," Rose said. "Feel for yourself." I felt other fingers rubbing over my pussy. This time the lips were eased apart and they slid their way into the wet interior. This time I could not help myself crying out, much to the obvious amusement of the audience. 

"Do you think being publicly fucked would bring her to her senses?" I heard Rose asking. I gasped! I could not believe that they would go this far. Being forcibly stripped had been an experience that I fantasized about for many years. It had been just as exciting and arousing as I had always thought it would be. But now it seemed that I was going to be fucked in front of everyone. Of course, I was not inexperienced at having intercourse while being watched by others, but never so publicly in front of so many members of Hinkerman's staff. God, this was going to be mind blowing. 

The audience had, I noticed, suddenly gone quite. Probably even they could not believe what was happening in front of them. Here was the very attractive partner (or so they thought) of Martin Hinkerman, who had seemingly been forcibly stripped naked, and now apparently was going to be fucked by one of their own colleagues. 
