 Chapter 6: The Birthday Present  

Monday morning and I was back in the office after my weekend with the Becker's. I glanced at my calendar. I had only ten days left before my month was up as office slut. Yes, I had over the last few days realised that was what I had become: Hinkerman's office slut. 

My body was available for any member of the management team to use and abuse, just as they wished. Looking back over the last two and a half weeks, I would never have believed that I would ever have allowed myself to be used as I had, and for what? For money, of course: £12,000 to be exact. That was what I had gotten for it. Had it really been worth it? I did not know; parts of it had been degrading, parts of it had been exciting. Overall, it had been an experience that I was never going to forget. All in all, well, yes, maybe it had been fun. It had shown me a very different side of life and led me into a life that otherwise I would never have experienced. And well, there were still ten days to go. 

There was a knock on my door and Mellor came in. He smiled at me. "I hear you had a very revealing weekend with the Becker's," he said with a grin. I scowled at his joke. He went on to tell me that the Becker's had complimented me on the weekend and wanted him to thank me. They had said that they were very pleased with me. 

"You certainly seem to have the ways to please everyone. We will miss you when your stint is over." I smiled. At least it was good to know that I was good at something. 

He then went on to tell me that I was to be at the Gibson hotel tomorrow afternoon at three. The client had asked that I wear something very sexy, and that I should also take one or two changes of clothes with me. 

It was nice to have the rest of the day clear. It had been a strenuous weekend with the Becker's, and it was nice to have the day to myself. I booked myself an appointment at the beauticians for the following morning for a massage, facial, and a waxing. Well, a girl has to look her best in this job. 

It was just two forty-five when I was dropped off by a taxi on the forecourt of the Gibson hotel. I had called into the office on my way and had a pleasant lunch with one of the girls who I used to work with. We caught up on old times and the usual office scandal. She said that I had been missed in the office. I told her that I might be coming back soon. Well, in this job you never knew. 

The doorman at the Gibson smiled at me as I got out of the taxi. Maybe it was the sight of the leg I flashed him in my short skirt, but he quickly came over and carried my small overnight bag to reception. 

When I told them my name at the reception desk, I was directed to the lift and told to take it to the top floor. The gentleman who I was to meet up with was already in the penthouse suite, the girl on reception informed me with a knowing smile. 

When I knocked on the door, a smiling, strikingly good looking man in his mid forties opened it. I recognized him instantly as Jim Askins, our personnel director. He took my bag and ushered me into the suite. 

It was a magnificent suite, and it was used often by Hinkerman's as a base for their visiting clients. He took great pleasure in showing me around. It had two en-suite bedrooms, both with large king sized beds. In the bathroom of the master bedroom, there was a Jacuzzi large enough to take at least three or four people. A comfortable and spacious lounge and a small but well-equipped kitchen completed the suite. Back in the lounge, he offered me a drink. He selected a bottle of white wine from a well stocked bar, poured me a large glass, which he handed to me, then raised his own glass. "To what I hope is going to be a most interesting day, Samantha," he said. He looked me up and down, and then with a grin, he said, "Well, I've shown you mine, now let's see yours." I looked at him, then realised what he was getting at, mostly from the way he was looking at my body. 

I put down my glass and slowly unzipped my dress and slid it down my body. He obviously liked what he saw when my sexy black Basque was revealed. It just held my breasts, revealing above the cups part of the dark pink areola of my nipples. It finished with a lacy trim just below my waist, and long suspenders trailed down to my lace-topped stockings. The only other item I was wearing was a very brief thong that just covered the essentials. 

"You look very nice, Samantha. We could be in for a very exciting evening," he said as he reached out and took my hand and led me towards the bedroom. I sat on the bed and watched him as he undressed. I was pleased to see that his body was tanned and lean, with the physique of an athlete. When he slid down his silk boxers, his semi-hard cock was jutting out from a nest of curly black hair. 

He walked over and stood in front of me. His hands began to caress my breasts through the thin silk of my Basque. I felt my nipples hardening under his touch. Then he gently lifted each breast out and leaned down and gently kissed my hard nipples, sucking them into his mouth. I groaned. 

Meanwhile, his hands had begun to caress my thighs. I shivered as his fingers touched the thin band of silk that covered my pussy. His inquiring fingers eased the thin strip of material aside, and he began to run his finger slowly along my moist slit. He eased my lips apart, and I felt him slipping his fingers inside me, moving up to tease my clit. I squirmed and groaned. I now wanted to feel more than just the pleasure from his exploring fingers. 

I reached down and found his cock, now hard and erect. I held it in both hands and began to stroke it, and I could feel the wet end rubbing against my leg. He looked down at me and smiled. "You are just the sort of woman a man needs," he said. By now we were both becoming quite aroused and I was momentarily a little disappointed when he pulled away from me. "Strip off the rest of your things," he said. "Just leave on your stockings and heels. I find they look incredibly sexy on a naked woman." 

I smiled at him as I slowly unclipped my suspenders before turning my back on him and allowing him to unclip my Basque and letting it to fall away. Then I turned around and bent down to slide off my soaking thong. He looked approvingly at my naked body as I adjusted my stockings before easing myself back onto the bed. I lay there, legs slightly apart, as he climbed on the bed beside me. His cock now presented a wonderful sight, and I could not wait to feel it inside me.

Thankfully, I was not kept waiting long. He opened up my legs, positioned himself between them, and then he gently fingered my dripping pussy before his large cock eased the lips apart and he slid in with very little discomfort for either of us, deep into my waiting hole. 

He held it there for a while, giving me the pleasure and that wonderful feeling you get when you feel a new cock inside you. Then starting slowly, he began to fuck me, his strokes building up to a steady rhythm. I thrust my body up to meet him, taking in the full length of every stroke. I squealed and cried out; the pleasure was so intense as I reached several small orgasms, but still there was more to come. 

I shuddered when I felt his body become stiff. I knew it was the moment and I responded. I came almost to the second that I felt his juices pump into me, flooding my pussy and running down between my thighs to soak into the bed covers. 

He lay on my body for a moment before rolling off and lying by my side. "Fuck me," he said in a hushed voice, "You are everything they said you were; you are incredible." 

I looked over and smiled at him. "Thanks for the vote of confidence," I said, as I huddled up close to him. 

After a short rest, he managed to take me again and in the shower later. I thanked him by getting down on my knees and giving him one of my specials. To his great delight, I let him come in my mouth, but he had very little to give after fucking me twice already. 

After the shower, we sat wrapped in the white toweling robes provide by the hotel and drank the rest of the bottle of wine we had started earlier. "There is something I need to talk to you about," he said, looking across to where I was sitting curled up in an armchair. "I have a son," he said; "he was eighteen last week." I thought he seemed a little nervous. "He asked me for a rather strange birthday present." I looked at him wondering just what was coming. Then he dropped the bombshell. "What he asked me for was a woman." 

I looked at him, realization on my face. "And you are asking me to be that woman?" I said, a little taken aback. It had been bad enough, even though I had now become used to being used by the management at Hinkerman's, but the thought of being a present to an eighteen year old was a little hard to take. "What would I be expected to do?" I asked. 

He shrugged. "Well, I am not sure just how much experience he has with women. I don't think an awful lot, but I am sure from what I have just experienced that you will be quite capable of showing him the ropes." 

Again, as had happened several times over the last three weeks, I knew that I was in no position to refuse his request. But the thought of having to allow an inexperienced eighteen year old to use my body was not something I had bargained for when I had accepted the position. I think he could see that I was not too happy, but he did not say anything. He rang room service and ordered us some food. 

We were eating the food when there was a knock on the door. He opened it and a tall good looking young man walked a little nervously into the room. He had close-cropped blond hair, and from what I could see, a good body. Maybe, I thought to myself, things weren't going to be so bad after all. 

"This is David," Jim said, introducing us. David reached out and shook my hand in a firm grip, looking at me, and smiled. He had incredibly blue eyes. Jim offered him a drink, but he settled for coffee. He sat down and helped us finish off the food. 

When the remains of the meal had been collected, Jim looked across at David. "What do you think about your birthday present?" 

David smiled. "She looks very nice," he said. 

Jim smiled. "Well, shall we take her into the bedroom where you can unwrap her?" he asked with a big grin. David nodded eagerly. 

I knew what was required of me, and I stood up and followed the two of them into the bedroom. Jim sat on the bed watching his son. "Go on, son, she won't bite you. Well, not unless you ask her too," he said with a grin. 

David walked over towards me. I could see he was still a little nervous. I decided that for my sake I needed to be in control. I held out the tie of my robe to him. He caught on and grabbed it, pulling on it. It slipped undone and the robe parted, displaying my nakedness. His eyes lit up as I eased the robe off my shoulders and stood naked before him. He gulped as he looked at my body displayed in all its nakedness. 

I reached out and took hold of his hands; I could feel that they were shaking. I placed them on my breasts and rolled them around as I smiled at him. I looked over at Jim who sat watching his son; he smiled at me and nodded. 

I let go of his hands, and he continued to caress my breasts, rolling the nipples between his fingers. I slowly started to unbutton his shirt; then I unfastened his belt; with the belt undone, his jeans dropped around his ankles. I looked down at the interesting bulge that was threatening to burst open his shorts. 

I slid down onto my knees in front of him and slowly began easing down his shorts. As I went, his large stiff erection sprang out. It was about eight inches long but quite slim. He groaned as I took it in my hands and began to stroke the full length of it. A trace of pre-cum was already beginning to seep from the end. I placed my lips around it and drew him into my warm mouth. He grabbed my hair and instantly began to fuck my face, his stiff cock pushing down the back of my throat. His eagerness almost caught me off guard for a moment, and I almost choked. 

Suddenly, after only a few thrusts, his inexperience showed. His body stiffened, he cried out, and I felt his hot sticky cum flooding into my mouth. I swallowed it hungrily and licked him clean as his cock began to quickly soften. 

"What does it feel like to have a real woman, son?" Jim asked from the bed. 

"She's fantastic, isn't she? Thanks, Dad, thanks, for a wonderful present," David gasped. 

"You're welcome, son, and she's yours for the rest of the day, so make the most of her." I could not believe what I was hearing. I was now going to have to be his son's slut for the rest of the day. 

"I've got to go soon," Jim said. "The room's booked for you until midnight, and I have arranged food to be sent up, so have a good night." Then he looked across to where I was still kneeling on the floor. "But I think I still might manage you one more time, Samantha, so get yourself over here and get your wonderful lips wrapped around this," he said, opening his robe and taking his already hard cock in his hand. 

I crawled across to the bed. With the taste of David still in my mouth, I went down on his farther while the young man looked on, slowly stroking his own cock, which I could see was already becoming alive again. Jim was enjoying the sensation, leaning back on his hands while I did the work. After all the sex we had gone through, it was now taking a lot longer to bring him off, and he was certainly making the most of the sensation. 

It was then I felt David stroking my bottom and running his finger into the wet slit of my pussy. I realised at once that I was going to be spit roasted, as I had once heard it described. David suddenly grabbed my hips and pulled me into a standing position. I managed this tricky maneuver without letting Jim slip out of my mouth. Then David was thrusting his fingers into my juicy wet pussy; I groaned and thrust my arse against him. I felt the head of his cock easing slowly between my engorged pussy lips. Then with a single sharp thrust, he was inside me. I was now experiencing the most incredible sensation of being fucked from both ends. 

Again, the inexperience of David showed, and although he tried to hold himself back, he still came well before I managed to get Jim to come. When at last he did, we collapsed back on the bed, both truly exhausted. 

I left the two guys chatting and made my way to the bathroom. I turned on the Jacuzzi, and while it filled, I took a shower, washing away the sticky mess of our lovemaking. Before I had finished my shower, both the guys were already in the Jacuzzi. I slid between them into the hot bubbling water. Although they did not miss the opportunity to explore my body, I don't think that either of them could manage another session of intercourse; well, not for the moment anyway. 

Jim left us in the Jacuzzi saying that he might drop in later, and David and I sat and chatted. David, it turned out, was quite a nice guy. He told me he was captain of the college football team, and that he loved all forms of sport. He explained to me that he had asked his dad for a woman as a birthday present as a bit of a joke. He had been very surprised when he was told to meet his dad at the hotel, and even more surprised when he actually met me. 

Then he wanted to know something about me. He asked if I did what I did for a living and was quite surprised when I told him about my position at Hinkerman's and what I did there. "You are there just to be used by the management?" he asked incredulously. I nodded. "No wonder my dad comes home with a smile on his face. I am going to have to get a job there." We both laughed.

After the Jacuzzi, I changed into some fresh clothes and joined David in the lounge where he was watching TV. I sat down beside him. He turned to me and smiled as he looked at me. "You look nice," he said. I smiled and thanked him. I was getting to like him; he was a nice guy. 

"What have you in mind for tonight?" I asked. 

He looked at me surprised. "Didn't dad mention about the party?" he asked. 

I looked at him. "What party?" 

"I'm sorry," he said, "I thought you knew. I have asked a few friends over. Dad has arranged for some food, and the bar is well stocked up; it should be a good night." 

"What part do I play in this?" I asked. He smiled a little nervously. "Oh, I get it; I'm supposed to be the entertainment." I looked at him and he nodded slowly. "And just how many are coming along to this party?" I asked. 

"Just some guys from the football team," he said. "About six of them, I think, maybe less. Some have already gone home for the holiday." 

"Well, thank God for that," I said. "At least I won't have to take on the whole team." I looked at him. He looked a little disheartened by my comments, and I began to feel sorry for him. Hell, it wasn't really his fault. I had been paid good money to do a job and this was part of it, so I would have to grin and bare it. (Get the pun?) I put my arm around his shoulder and kissed him on the cheek. "Well, if all the guys that are coming tonight have your stamina, I am going to need a couple of good strong drinks to get me in the mood." 

He looked at me and grinned; then he jumped up from the sofa. "What's your poison, Samantha?" he said, heading towards the bar. 

By the time the first of his guests arrived, I was at least feeling a little better due to the several rather large vodka and limes I had consumed. I had also changed into a smart little cocktail dress that was rather short and showed my legs off to their best advantage. 

I happily acted as the hostess for him and fixed up drinks for everyone as they arrived. There were, as David had said, six of them. They all seemed a nice bunch of lads, and I must admit, all rather attractive. Maybe it was not going to be so bad after all. I could see by the way they all looked me up and down as David introduced them to me that they also liked what they saw. 

Meanwhile, the waiters had arrived with the food, and like all young guys, they quickly got stuck into it with some gusto. I did my part in the proceedings and kept the drinks flowing. David had brought a good selection of CDs with him, with the music bouncy, and everybody seemed to be quickly getting into a good mood. 

One of the first guys to arrive was a guy named Carl. He came over and started chatting me up which was rather flattering, but when I informed him that I was David's birthday present, he looked down at my body with an interesting expression on his face. "If that is the case, when's he going to unwrap you?" he asked with a grin. 

I smiled. "You had better ask him that," I said. 

A few minutes later, I saw him chatting with David, who looked over in my direction and smiled. David then came over to me. He turned to the guys and asked them to quiet down. "You have all met Samantha," he said. "She, as I suppose you all know by now, is my birthday present from my dad." There were a few murmurs and a nodding of heads. "Well, I can tell you she has been a great birthday present, and as much as I would like to keep her to myself, you guys are all great mates of mine. I have decided to share her with you all." There was a loud cheer from all of them. "So I have spoken to Samantha, guys. She has agreed to look after all your needs; but one thing I ask of you is that you treat her with respect." He looked around the room and the guys nodded in agreement. "So here she is and she is open to your requests." 

The guys looked at each other, there was a murmur of conversation, and then Carl spoke up. "Well, if she is your birthday present, I think it is about time you unwrapped her." I noticed with some amusement that all the guys were in total agreement with this suggestion. 

David looked at me and smiled. "You ready for this?" he asked. 
