 Jeanette and I work at an old library in our spare time. She and I have been good friends for a while now, but it's not your usual friendship. True, we do the usual 'girl' things, but we're also very open about our sexuality - sharing fantasies, experiences, and so much more!

Seeing how you’ve been so willing to try out just about anything with me, I invited you to the library so that we could fulfill one of my fantasies. You readily agreed, wondering what in the world I have in store for you.

You arrive at the library at 8 pm on Saturday - closing time. I greet you with a very familiar hug, pressing my body fully against the length of yours. My soft cardigan feels good to the touch and, upon running your hands down my back, you notice that I'm not wearing anything under the thin materiel. When I pull back, you notice that it buttons fully up the front to a perfectly respectable V-neck. And unless my nipples are hard, you don’t imagine that anyone could tell that nothing but cardigan is covering my pert tits. For some reason, you find that to be a real turn-on. You feel that familiar stirring...

I pass you to lock the door and lower the blinds, and you take note of my matching skirt. You're willing to bet I'm not wearing anything under that, either.

I take your hand, leading you into the library until we come to where Jeanette is. She's up on one of the rolling library ladders, shelving books on the upper shelves. She's wearing a similar outfit as mine, save for a much shorter skirt. When she leans over to shelve a book, the skirt rides up, revealing the bare skin underneath. You glance at me, and I give you a smug smile. Suddenly, you realize what the night has in store - I've found a third!

I call to Jeanette who descends the ladder. I introduce you, giving you time to take in her appearance. She's more petite than I am, about 5'4", with a pretty face, light brown hair, and a nice smile. You notice that she's more full in the breasts than I am, but otherwise lacks some of the curves that I have. Meanwhile, she's giving you the same perusal. She abruptly turns to me to tell me that I was right about you - good-looking, physically attractive, and wonderfully hot. She can't wait to see whether everything else I've told her about you is true.

I offer to show her, taking your hand again, and leading you to a nearby table. I back you against the edge and begin to unbutton your shirt. Jeanette pulls out a chair and settles herself to watch.

I open your shirt, pulling the tails from your jeans, and run my hands over your broad chest. I lower my head to trail my tongue down your chest and around your nipples, making you groan.. You drop your head back and close your eyes at the feel of the sensations.

I stand upright as you reach for the buttons of my cardigan. You release them and slide the sweater off my shoulders, enjoying the sight of my hardening nipples. The sweater drops to the floor, and I press myself into you. You groan at the heat my body is radiating and hold me tightly to you. Glancing over, you see Jeanette watching us. She smiles sweetly and lowers her eyes. Seems that she’s willing to let us have a bit of time with each other before anything else happens.

I pull away, lightly raking my nails down your chest until I reach the button on your jeans. You lean over to bite my ear, and I roughly open your jeans. I hear you chuckle, and I nip at your lips when you lean back from my neck and then proceed to slide down your jeans and briefs in one swift motion. I assist you with your shoes, socks, and clothes, leaving you fully naked.

At Jeanette's gasp, I look over at her. Her eyes are wide and her smile one of satisfaction as she takes in the sight of your thick, throbbing erection. I start to stroke your cock while standing on your left, and Jeanette rises from her chair to move to your right and also begins to stroke you.

I look at Jeanette, smile at her, and drop to my knees. She follows suit. Our tongues begin to dance up and down either side of your hardness. I use a hand to cup and massage your balls, while Jeanette kneads the muscles of your ass. Our tongues swirl over, under, and around you, driving you mad with need, and you place your hands on both our heads, urging us on, as you groan in pleasure.

Eventually, you feel us move back, and then a warm mouth covers your cock. You look down and see that I've given in to the need to taste you. I slide back off of you until I'm holding just the tip of you in my mouth. Then I look up at you. Your eyes have darkened and you give me a look of pure lust before I return my attention to the task at hand. I slide you back into my mouth, my tongue dancing along the length of you. You taste so good! I begin to suck on you gently, still sliding you in and out of my mouth, and you roll your head back at the feeling. Then you feel me release you, and immediately another mouth closes around you. You can tell by the methods that it must be Jeanette. She groans in pleasure at the taste of you, and the vibration flows through your cock and into your balls. She eagerly sucks on you and then moves you in and out of her mouth, not using her tongue, but keeping her mouth tight around you.

I rise to whisper in your ear, "I've been telling her about you for a long time, now. When I told her what it was like to be with you, she said that she'd jump at the chance to join us. She wants to feel your incredible cock inside of her as much as I want to feel it inside of me. We want you to drive us through the roof! We want you to show us exactly what you've fantasized about doing to two women who want to fuck you!"

Jeanette, sensing that you might go off at any moment, slides you out of her mouth and rises to stand in front of you. Your gaze latches on to her breasts heaving under her sweater, and you unconsciously lick your lips. "Go ahead," I urge you, "taste her."

She steps up to you, close enough so that you can strip off her sweater. Then you lean down, and place your mouth over one of her rosy buds. Leaning her head back, Jeanette lets out a hungry moan. I discard my skirt and climb on the table behind you, straddling your hips and pressing my body into your back. I put my hands around you and begin stroking your chest, thighs, and cock.

You groan and move to smother her other nipple with your tongue, running your hands up and down her back. Your hands slide down over her skirt and then up under it, finding the hot wetness underneath. You dip a finger into her cunt, and then begin to rub her clit while sucking hungrily at her breasts. Her cries grow louder, and my caresses get more frantic on your body. Finally, she begins to shudder. You brace her until her orgasm subsides, and you realize that you're very close to cumming yourself.

I keep stroking your cock, and Jeanette watches. You begin to moan loudly, coming closer and closer to release. She kneels in front of you and cries "Yes, cum! Cum all over me!" I increase my tempo, giving you quick, tight, sharp strokes, and you can't hold back. You stiffen as your juices begin to erupt out of your gorgeous cock. The first spurt lands on Jeanette's face as she tries to catch it in her mouth. The second lands on her breasts. Wanting to taste you, she then places her mouth on your strained cock, taking the rest of your cum into your mouth, and sucking you dry.

Finally, you slump back against me, and I hold you as you try to catch your breath and to not black out. Jeanette leaves to clean up, and I move you to a chair at the table, standing behind you to hold your head against my abdomen, rubbing it. After a couple of minutes, you feel your head clear and look up at me. I smile at you and ask whether you're enjoying yourself. You smile and take one of my hands, pulling me around to stand in front of you. Then you lean me back against the table, and lower your mouth to the juncture of my legs.

I almost melt at the first flick of your tongue. Your hands move me up onto the table, and I lean back, losing myself to the feeling of your wonderful oral talents. You move your tongue in circles around my clit, quickly bringing me to the edge of reality. I'm barely aware of Jeanette climbing onto the table to watch.

You slowly dip a finger into my cunt, still driving me wild with your tongue. You begin to move your finger in and out of me, and soon use a second, giving me a pseudo-fuck as you continue the sweet torture on my sensitive little bud. I gasp, opening my eyes. You look up at me with your tongue still on my clit, grinning. I just groan and close my eyes again.

You feel my hips start to grind, and increase the speed of your tongue and hand, knowing that I'm about there. And then the convulsions begin to shake my body, and I squeal at my release. Beside me, I hear Jeanette moan.

You notice that she's sliding off the table. When you move away from my pussy, she brings her mouth to yours, kissing you deeply, tasting me in your mouth. Her tongue frantically plunges into your mouth. Finally, she backs away. "Eat me now", she pleads.

You smile and motion her onto the table. She willingly obeys, and you begin to demonstrate your skills this new subject. I raise myself on my elbows, watching you eat her, and then I slide off the table. Looking down, I notice that your cock has stirred and is beginning to harden again. I drop down and move between your legs, taking your incredible tool into my mouth, eating you as you eat Jeanette.

It isn't long before your erection is throbbing. I sit back to admire my handy-work. But you need more.

You move back from Jeanette, who cries out at your desertion. You lead us both to the floor where you lie on your back. Jeanette greedily positions herself over your cock and then slides down onto you. You call me over to you and tell me to position my cunt over your face. You again begin to eat me as Jeanette rides you. Before long, we are both on the edge of another orgasm and we both soon cry out at our release.

But you're still ready for more, aren't you?

Jeanette moves off of you, and you lead me back to the table, leaning me forward over the top of the table. And then you plunge your soaked cock into my dripping pussy! I cry out in pleasure as you grasp my hips and proceed to pound into me with abandon. Jeanette moves a chair into your line of sight and sits down with a phallic-shaped vibrator. She swings one leg over the arm of the chair, turns the toy on, and starts to massage her clit with it. You continue to drive into me while savoring Jeanette's and my cries of pleasure. You watch as Jeanette dips the vibrator into her cunt and then brings it back to her clit. She throws her head back and grinds her hips into the chair for long moments, and then you see her start to convulse.

Meanwhile, my cries are becoming frantic as I close in on yet another orgasm. I start to tell you how incredible your cock feels, pounding into me. I tell you that I love the feeling of you fucking me hard, and I begin to describe what it feels like to have you moving inside of me - that you feel like a huge, hot poker, searing me with your heat. I can feel you hit my cervix with every thrust, and it feels incredible! But most of all, I want to feel you explode inside of me! Ooooooo, yes, yes, yes!

I begin to convulse just as you erupt. The delicious feeling of your juices soaking my insides makes the satisfaction even more exquisite. You collapse over me, and I willingly take your weight onto me.

The three of us stay where were at for a bit, resting and trying to find our way back down to earth. Finally, we rouse. Jeanette goes to a corner and grabs two bundles of clothing - jeans and sweatshirts for us. You chuckle when you notice that we aren't putting undies on...

As we head out to grab some food somewhere, Jeanette thanks us both for including her in our fantasy. I smile at you, wink, and tell her that the pleasure was all ours...