 Many years ago my wife and I were separated and she had some really interesting wild sexual experiences.

We have discussed them thru out the years since getting back together mainly because she knows I get excited every time I hear them. She also knows she'll get a good fucking afterwards.

First of all let me describe my wife. She is 5'4", weighted about 140lbs, long auburn hair, 38D's with ¾" hard protruding nipples. She has wide dark aureoles and a flat stomach. Her lips make you want to shove your tongue pass them and into her mouth. Also she has softest skin I have ever felt in my life.

One experience she had was during a summer party which she attended while we were apart. 

Her boss had invited her to a "social" at his home one Saturday night. He told her it would be casual and just some friends would attend. She accepted and dressed in a pair of skimpy yellow panties, yellow sundress and sandals and of course no bra.

When she arrived there were cars in the drive but very few lights on in the house. She rang the bell and was greeted by her boss. She stated that he did look great wearing just shorts, a tee shirt and sandals. He greeted her with a hug and walked her downstairs where music was playing and the lights dim. 

There were about 6 couples and 7 guys present and without dates. Everyone was either drinking, talking or dancing. The mood was very relaxed and fun. 

As the evening progressed, she danced with a lot of different men, met others and intermingled with some couples. Everyone was getting pretty well intoxicated and she was also as the night wore on. 

One by one the couples left and as the night got late she was alone with only the 7 men. By this time she was pretty well drunk and her mood was very open due to the alcohol. The men kept dancing with her and by now their hands would wander over her ass and up to cup her breasts. 

Each one would do this and a couple of them would nibble her earlobes which drives her nuts. A few kissed her deep and long and she found herself responding back. It seemed wicked yet fun at the same time.

Her boss began dancing with her and he was sort of grinding into her pussy and she could tell he was aroused. His hard cock was very obvious to her and she responded to his grinding. Then all of a sudden he grabbed the top of her sundress and pulled it down exposing her breasts and hard nipples to all. 

She reached to pull it up but he held her hands.

She said "Whoa this is getting out of hand I think I should leave". 

Her boss just kissed her again, shoving his tongue between her teeth and explored her mouth. 

She reacted and not thinking she responded to his kiss. He went from her lips to her breasts and sucked in a hard nipple and gently chewed on it. Her legs automatically weakened and her head went backwards with a groan

Someone came up behind her and pulled the sundress down to her ankles. She involuntarily stepped out of it and was standing in front of the men clad in only her panties. 

The man behind her reached around and into the front of her panties, slid a finger thru her pussy folds and caressed her hard clitoris. 

The moisture was b now flowing down her pussy and onto her thighs. She was involuntarily moaning and pushing on the finger caressing her clitoris. 

Two men got her arms and laid her back onto the floor. She looked up and saw all 7 men disrobing. There were different races. Their cocks were average but there was a long dark cock above her. They stood over her as she was unable to move and just looked upward at them. 

Her boss grinned and said "You have suddenly became our entertainment tonight. You will only have pleasure and fulfillment ok?"

She could only nod.

Her host got on his knees and spread her legs wide to expose her wet pussy for all to see. He then stroked her pussy lips making her twitch in excitement. Her mind was going in circles, not understanding why she was allowing this to happen. 

He said to the men standing over her, "I want to taste this pussy before all you guys fill it with cum."

They all laughed and he got between her legs and as his tongue touched her pussy lips she moaned and pushed to his face. Her moans and groans filled the air as she was being eaten and licked. His tongue driving deep inside her pussy as the guys stood and watched. 

They all were voicing their approval with chants and remarks. She instinctively reached upwards for a cock. 

One man said "let the games begin."

Her host stopped eating her as she pushed for his tongue. She was suddenly lifted and carried into an adjoining room which only had a bed and soft lights. 

She was laid on the bed and all the men got around her again. Her host knelled on the side of the bed and just said "suck my cock."

Her mouth opened and he placed the head of his cock onto her lips and pushed it inside. She instantly began sucking his cock, swirling her tongue around it as it went in and out of her mouth. Another cock was placed in her hand and she began masturbating it.

Her host said out loud, "I believe our lady is really into this." 

The men just laughed and she knew she was into a long night. Her mind was thinking, "I need to stop this and leave." 

But then at the next moment she thought, "This is so wild and it feels so good, but what will they think of me afterwards?" 

Then a man began eating her pussy and his tongue caressed her clitoris and she again shuddered and thought,"why the hell not just enjoy it. It is just a fantasy coming true." 

None of the thoughts were relevant any longer when the man began eating her pussy very firmly, the man was devouring her and she was responding eagerly. 

Her host stopped his mouth assault and another cock took his place. She again sucked like never before. The cocks would fuck her mouth and a new one take its place. They wouldn't cum just yet and her gang sucking continued until the last cock twitched and flooded her mouth with his warm cum. She eagerly responded by swallowing the salty liquid to the applause of the men.

The man eating her brought her to the climax she desperately needed and she screamed it out as the flood of passion enveloped her body. She collapsed on the bed but her night was just beginning. 

The man who ate her to climax lifted her legs high and her pussy and ass was exposed. Two men held her legs high as he stroked her asshole. 

The first touch brought another climax and one man said "I know what she likes."

His finger stroked the entrance to her asshole and the puckered entrance was wet from her pussy juices. He slowly let his finger enter her ass to the 1st knuckle. 

She gasped from this feeling and pushed downwards onto his finger. She looked at him and he smiled as he pushed the rest of his finger inside. 

She was then withering on the bed, 2 men holding her legs apart and high, a finger in her ass, her hands reaching for a cock which she found for each hand. 

Her hands were pulling the cocks to her mouth and the men changed positions. As they got closer she would suck one cock then the other. 

The asshole invader had already went from one finger to three and was finger fucking her ass to no avail. He suddenly stopped his fingering and got between her legs and placed his cock at her asshole and pushed it easily inside. 

She was now in a void of passion and was sucking cocks and taking one in her ass. 

The man was then pounding his cock into her ass and she was not losing any momentum to it. He tensed and she felt the eruption of cum in her bowels making her cum again. 

One man in her mouth got so into it he erupted in her mouth also. She had cum flowing from her mouth and asshole at the same time. 

The other man she was jacking off exploded onto her face and her tongue was searching for the cum to swallow. 

The men were going nuts with the show and wildness of the passion in the room. One man yelled "Never before has this been as good as tonight."

She was now laying on the mattress, legs spread, cum dripping from her offices and surrounded by hard cocks. 

Then a black man she hadn't noticed stood over her. His cock was absolutely huge, there was a large droplet of pre-cum on the end of it. 

He smiled down and said, "Hi sweetie, are you ready for a black cock?" 

She hadn't ever seen a black man's cock except in photos and was amazed by the length, width, dark texture of it. She could only nod to his question. 

He told her to "get on your knees" She did so wobbling from the previous fucking. He stood before her and told her to "take it in deep and suck hard". 

She grabbed the shaft and not caring if all the men watched she took the head of his cock and began to take it in her mouth sucking as she did. 

She tried but couldn't get the entire length in her mouth much less down her throat and gagged as she tried. He grabbed her head and began to face fuck her mouth. She was gagging but still caressing his balls as she took the onslaught from this black cock.

She felt someone slide under her and a cock at the entrance to her pussy and it drove into her hard. She yelped around the cock in her mouth and uttered a "MMMMMM." 

She then felt as another hard cock touched her sore asshole and pushed in with little problem. 

Here she was sucking a black cock and fucking two more while 4 men watched. They would pull on her nipples, caress her breasts as she fucked the 3 men. 

Her mind was playing the image of a fucking slut being dominated and used by men she didn't know. She was sucking, fucking and being used as a fuck tool. 

Each man reached his climax and each spurted their cum in her respective holes. Her mouth was filled as well as her pussy and ass by these strangers.

She was exhausted but knew it wasn't over yet. 

The evening concluded early in the morning and each man had by then fucked her pussy, her ass and her mouth. She was just a rag being passed around until they all finished. 

Her boss let her rest a bit, cleaned her up and then drove her home. He walked her to her door and asked "are you okay with the night?"

She responded "I think so."

He said "Fine, what about next weekend? I have some business people coming in and maybe you would like another party?" 

She told him "I really need some rest before answering."

He said "okay but I would like a piece of that ass again before I go."

She just fell face down on the couch and pulled her sundress up. Her panties were missing and he took her ass again. 

Afterwards she was really sore, totally used and abused. She felt bad but also wonderful.

What would her co-workers think of her now?

"Now what about next week?" She thought.