 It was late afternoon on a cloudy Wednesday, when I heard a soft knock on my office door.

"Come in." 

Courtney stepped through the door and shut it behind her. She strode to the chair across from me and sat down heavily, her enormous breasts bouncing delightfully in her black turtle-neck. She crossed her stocking-clad legs and smoothed her short pleated maroon skirt, then fidgeted with her hands. She looked at me with a knit brow.

"Something wrong?" I asked.

"Oh just that prick of a director, Gary. He called me into his office to discuss my contract, but I know he just wanted to stare at my breasts. He's coming on stronger and stronger. He keeps touching me, and hinting at 'upward mobility' in the company; dangling a permanent position in my face." She sighed deeply, her tits rising and falling like beach balls on the swell of an ocean wave.

"He's a sleazy bastard, that's for sure. He hasn't done anything... inappropriate, has he?" I asked.

"Not yet, but I sense we will very soon. I need this job... I want this job, but I don't know how much more of his leering and innuendo I can take. I suppose I could file a complaint, but we both know what would happen. I'd get moved along and he'd find someone else to harass," Courtney finished, sighing again.

I wheeled my chair over to Courtney and took her hands in mine.

"Look, hang in there for now, ok? I have an idea. The next time he suggests a 'meeting', do you think you could convince him to have it in this office?"

"Probably, why?"

"Leave it to me. In the meantime, try to be patient." I squeezed her hands and smiled reassuringly. 

Courtney looked at me, trying to put on a brave face.

"Ok, I'll try." Courtney returned my smile. "You know, I've been thinking a lot about what happened last weekend at my place..."

"Me too. That was really hot."

"Well, do you think... I mean, I wouldn't mind a bit of sexual harassment from you, you know." Courtney was sliding my hand up her thigh.

"Right here in the office? I like your style, Courtney," I said, squeezing her leg. 

She uncrossed her legs and pushed my hand to her crotch, where I felt damp lacy material.

"Wet already?" I said, stroking her mound.

"You know what you do to me," said Courtney, eying my groin. 

She leaned in and kissed me on the mouth, sliding her hands up my thighs until her fingers found my penis through my trousers. Her nimble fingers began toying with my bulge, making it swell. With almost superhuman swiftness, she found my fly and unzipped it, her hand darting into the dark opening. Careful not to scrape my dick on my zipper, Courtney extracted my semi-erect trouser snake, holding it in her open palm. She broke off our kiss to gaze down at my manhood. She bit her lip and sighed.

"Ooooh there's my lovely cock..." she cooed, petting my dick lovingly. 

I massaged her wet panties harder and slid my other hand up to her right breast, feeling the tight material stretched over her bra. I squeezed it, enjoying its firm sponginess, as Courtney gripped my cock and began to stroke it. I maneuvered my hand up and slipped my fingers under the waistband of her panties, sliding them through her short pubes to her moist pussy lips. As I massaged her hard clit, her hand stroked me faster.

"Oh Courtney, get those beautiful tits out for me," I said quietly as I pulled the bottom of her turtleneck up. 

She helped me with her other hand, and exposed her black bra, which could barely contain her gigantic mounds of womanly bust. Indeed, her tits bulged over the top of her bra as if they were going to fall out at any moment. I hooked my fingers under the tiny bow at the front of her strained support garment and pulled it up and over her tits. They were carried up for a moment, then literally bounced into full view as her bra released its hold on her bulging assets. My cock instantly responded to her bulbous bosoms by swelling noticeably in Courtney's hand.

"Goddamn..." I mused.

"Please don't take the lord's name in vain... if you do I might have to stop stroking your big cock," said Courtney.

"Spoken like a true Christian," I chuckled. 

Pushing Courtney back in her chair, I dove my head into her bust, kissing, licking, and sucking her tits avidly as I inserted my middle finger into her wet snatch. She gasped as I sucked her nipple and probed her fuck hole.

"Oh... oh yes, I totally want to fuck you right now," she breathed. 

I stood up quickly, withdrawing my finger from her depths and taking her hands. She stood with me and I led her to the door, pushing her back against it as I kissed her deeply. I broke off to feel up her tits, sucking her nipples again as I kissed my way down her stomach.

"Oh this is so naughty!" exclaimed Courtney. 

I knelt in front of her and pushed her skirt up to her waist, then pulled her panties down to her ankles. She stepped out of them as I gently pushed her knees apart and clamped my mouth over her sopping cunt.

"Oh!" cried Courtney, unable to stifle her pleasure as I sucked ferociously on her clit. 

I nibbled her pussy lips as I put my finger back in her hole, finger fucking her as she quivered against the door. I felt her hands in my hair and I looked up to see her enormous tits sandwiched between her arms, her nipples erect, her wide eyes peering down at me over her mountainous breasts. My cock had reached diamond hardness as I ate her pussy voraciously.

"Mmmmmmm... you're so good at eating my pussy," hummed Courtney as she tugged at my hair. 

I gave her oral for another minute then stood up and rubbed the pussy juice on my hand all over the tip of my throbbing cock. Courtney put her arms around my neck and kissed me hard, licking her vaginal lubrication from my lips and tongue. I put my hand under her leg and made her raise it, resting her high heeled shoe on the edge of my desk next to the door. I bent my knees and guided my dick to her soaked mound, rubbing my head against her slippery cunt lips. 

I thrust into her, feeling her vaginal walls squeeze my cock as she took my length into her warm depths. She gasped and moaned as I penetrated her deeply, then began banging her against my office door. Her tits jostled about as I fucked her, and I took a number of opportunities to squeeze them. 

On one such occasion I gripped one of her heavy, voluminous orbs and lifted it up so that her nipple was pointing to the ceiling. I pulled her head in as I continued to thrust into her pussy and we both tongued her erect nipple greedily, our tongues meeting every so often and tangling with one another over possession of the offered nipple. 

"God, I love sucking on your big tits, Courtney," I said, hungrily lapping at her soft breast. 

She hummed her approval then lifted her arms and pulled her sweater and bra over her head.

"They're all yours. You can do whatever you want to them. It makes me so horny when I think about you sucking them, or rubbing your cock on them... and especially cumming on them!" she raised her voice with excitement as I drove my member into her, feeling her pussy squeeze my cock in response. 

I fucked her against the door for a few minutes as we took turns sucking her giant breasts. I pulled my cock out and stepped back, then took her hand and led her to the small round table in the center of my office. She sat on the edge and spread her legs, exposing her deep pink labia, soaked in her love juice. She leaned back and squeezed one of her tits, flicking her tongue over her erect nipple.

"Please fuck me more, make me cum," she begged.

"Courtney, we have to be quiet... someone could come in any minute," I said. 

She slid her hand down her stomach to her cunt lips and spread them apart with her fingers.

"Please... I need to feel your cum on my tits... it's worth the risk of getting caught," she said, lost in her lusty fantasy. 

I looked over my shoulder out my office window, then approached Courtney. I placed my cock head against her womanly folds, rubbing it up and down her slit.

"Fuck it... fuck my pussy!" she whimpered. 

I gripped her thighs and thrust into her. We both watched my entire length vanish into her pussy. She sighed deeply and tilted her head back, arching her back and pushing her enormous bust outwards. Unable to resist, I dipped my head between her tits and kissed them. I kissed up her neck to her mouth as I resumed fucking her. 

She leaned back on her hands and watched my thick cock ravage her tight pussy. I watched her tits jiggle and wobble as I thrust into her, hypnotized by their beautiful firmness and consistency. I suppose that was why I didn't hear my office door quietly open.

"Oooooh, you dirty boy!" exclaimed a familiar voice. 

I spun around, my cock waving back and forth in front of me, as Courtney hopped off the desk, pulled her skirt down, and covered her breasts with her hands.

"Oh! N-Natalie... I, um... we were--" stammered Courtney.

"--I know what you were doing, honey," Nat said, grinning widely. 

She was wearing the white scoop neck top I liked so much, with a black blazer over top, hiding her nipples, but not her cleavage. She turned and shut the door behind her. She quickly unbuttoned her blazer and tossed it on my chair. She was bra-less, and I watched her nipples harden under the tight, thin, almost sheer material. 

Nathalie approached me and cradled my engorged cock, still wet with Courtney's juices. As she traced her fingertips up and down my length, she eyed Courtney, who was blinking rapidly and blushing furiously, her brow crinkled, her mouth frowning.

"It's incredible, isn't it?" said Nat, looking down at my member, then back to Courtney. 

"You... you've seen it?" she spoke feebly.

"Court--" I said.

"Oh, I've more than seen it, honey. I've even had this monster cock in my ass," she said, stroking me and giggling.

Courtney was visibly upset. Her hands still clutched her bosom, making a pathetic attempt at concealing the luscious mounds of flesh underneath, which pouted between her fingers and threatened to overflow her palms. Her rosy chest rose and fell rapidly as Courtney attempted to absorb the situation. Nat saw how distressed Courtney was, and relinquished her hold on my dick, stepping towards Courtney.

"Oh sweetie, we were just having a little fun. I'm happily married; my husband even knows about it. You don't need to be jealous." Nat looked down to Courtney's busty chest. "In fact I should be the jealous one!" she exclaimed. 

Her hands touched Courtney's hands.

"I've been eying these lovely tits ever since you started working here," Nat said, pushing her hands against Courtney's and causing her breasts to bulge further.

"So you two aren't... you're not...?" Courtney searched for the words.

"We've had sex, but ... I mean, I guess we--" I started.

"--we're fuck friends," finished Nat. "And don't look so surprised, Courtney. Do you expect a man with a cock like that to keep it to one girl?" 

Courtney was still stunned, and somewhat crestfallen. Nat slowly and gently pushed Courtney's hands down, replacing them with her own, cupping Courtney's enormous mounds and feeling their impressive size.

"Don't be upset, sweetie. He likes you. He's told me as much," Nat said leaning in until her mouth was next to Courtney's blushing cheek.

"My advice: have some fun with him... with us," said Nat, kissing Courtney on the cheek and squeezing her tits.

Courtney looked at me steadily, then to Nat. She turned her head and kissed Nat on the mouth, putting her hands on her ass and pulling them together. After a long and passionate kiss, they parted, and Courtney began to fondle Nat's breasts through her shirt.

"Oh there's no time for that," Nat said, quickly pulling the top over her head, freeing her huge tits. 

The girls pressed their bosoms together and kissed again.

"This isn't the first time we've been together, you know," said Courtney. 

Nat was kissing and caressing Courtney's buxom tits.

"Oh no? Do tell!" Nat said, popping Courtney's nipple from her lips.

"Him and Rachel, that sexy Asian masseuse, tricked me into having an erotic massage. I had sex with Rachel and he jerked off on my body. Then I gave him a lowbjob and he came on my tits." Courtney was pushing Nat's head lower as she slid her ass back onto the table.

"And last week he came to my flat. He fucked me several times, and even came in my pussy." It was as if Courtney was trying to outdo Nathalie. 

Nat humoured her.

"Oh my! You mean right in here?" she said, pushing Courtney's skirt up around her waist and putting her finger into her wet pussy. 

Courtney moaned. "MMmmmmm, yes. Deep in my pussy... "

Nat was bent at the waist, and had begun to lick Courtney's clit as she finger fucked her. I approached Nat and unfastened her trousers, pulling them to her ankles and admiring her naked ass. 

Courtney had put her hand on the back of Nat's head, encouraging her cunnilingus. Her tits rolled on her chest as she twisted her torso, enjoying the head she was receiving. I undid my pants, dropping them to the floor and stroked my cock, looking at Courtney trying to judge her reaction. She looked at me through half-lidded eyes, and licked her lips.

"Go ahead. Put it in her. Fuck her from behind while she eats my pussy," moaned Courtney. 

I smiled and positioned myself at Nat's wet opening, forcing myself into her pussy slowly but evenly, until I was balls-deep. Nat moaned loudly, but did not stop licking Courtney's cunt. I began fucking Nat, admiring Courtney's thin frame and colossal tits, watching her lustfully as Nat's blonde head worked furiously at Courtney's nether regions. 

Courtney watched me intently, emitting stifled high-pitched moans. I fucked Nat harder and reached under to cup her large breasts, which swayed with my thrusts.

"Do you like fucking her? Do you like squeezing her tits?" Courtney asked me, breathing hard.

"Um... I..." I stammered.

"No... aaaahhhh... it's ok. I like watching you fuck her. I like that she's turning you on," said Courtney, licking her lips. 

"Really? Well, yes, her pussy does feel great on my cock. And her tits are amazing... but not as amazing as your huge breasts, Courtney. Sorry Nat." 

Nat's head turned and she giggled.

"That's ok, honey. I know she's got the better pair. Just as long as she shares them with me," she said as she dove her head back down to Courtney's snatch. 

Courtney smiled widely.

"Is she eating your pussy good, Court? Is it getting you hot?" I asked, fucking Nat harder.

"Oh totally! She has a very gifted mouth. Mmmmmm..." she hummed, as she looked from her crotch to me. 

We fucked each other with our eyes as we double-teamed Nat. After a few minutes, Courtney pulled Nat's hair and mashed her face into her tits, then kissed her sloppily on the mouth. She held Nat's jiggling tits as I pounded her pussy from behind. Courtney's eyes took on a curious glint.

"So, Nathalie... you let him... um... put his penis in your bottom?" said Courtney, almost innocently.

"Uh... aah... aahh... yes sweetie. He fucked my ass hard," replied Nat.

"Was it... erm... I mean, how did it feel?" asked Courtney hesitantly.

"It was incredible. Have you ever had anal?"

"No. But he did push his penis against my anus. I thought it felt... it felt funny, but kind of nice..." Nat was suckling at one of Courtney's large boobs.

"I... I want to see," said Courtney. She looked me straight in the eye. "I want to watch you fuck Nathalie in her ass." 

I stopped thrusting. Nat's head popped up from Courtney's bosom.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Totally! I'm so wet just thinking about it," giggled Courtney, touching her pussy lips. 

Nat turned her head and spread her ass cheeks, her anus exposed.

"You heard the woman, put your fat cock in my ass," said Nat.

"No... wait. Nat, lie on the table. I want you to eat my pussy while he fucks your asshole," said Courtney, unable to restrain her lesbian desire.

"I knew you had some bi in you. I've seen the way you look at me in the showers after the gym," gloated Nat, pulling my cock from her pussy and hopping onto the table, where Courtney had left a wet spot where she had been sitting.

"And I've seen the way you look at me, Nat. It's no secret that you've been with girls before," smiled Courtney, deftly sliding her skirt down her legs, tossing it to the floor, and kneeling behind Nat's head. 

She straddled Nat's face and spread her knees, lowering her dripping cunt to Nat's eager lips. I watched Nat begin to lap at Courtney's labia as I spread her knees and dipped down for a little taste of pussy for myself. 

I sucked Nat's juices and tickled her clit with my tongue, then stood and placed my cock on Nat's abdomen. I ran my hands up Nat's sides to her tits, which I massaged, before moving my hands up to Courtney's breasts, feeling them up as well. 

"Nat's going to need a bit of lubrication, baby. Why don't you help her out with that?" I said as I pulled Courtney's head down towards Nat's bald pussy. 

Courtney happily obliged, and I moved my penis aside as she tongued Nat's cunt voraciously. Both girls moaned softly as they 69'd each other. Courtney reached between my legs and cupped my balls as she lifted her head and guided my throbbing cock into her open mouth. She bobbed her head as she sucked me off, drooling copiously over my cock. She stroked my shaft, distributing her saliva, and sat up enough for me to have a good view of Nat's pussy. 

I pushed the backs of Nat's knees, pivoting her hips to expose her asshole. To my surprise, Courtney smiled up at me, then, winking, dipped her head to tickle Nat's anus with her tongue. Nat cried out.

"Ooou! Courtney, you dirty little minx!" she giggled as she squeezed Courtney's tits as they bulged out to the sides. 

After tossing Nat's salad and getting her anus wet, she sat up and dribbled a large gob onto my target for good measure. Courtney put her hands on Nat's tits and squeezed them firmly as she watched me approach Nat's spit-soaked anus with my rock hard cock. Her breasts were pressed together between her arms, and her face was deeply flushed, presumably from her excitement and embarrassment of licking another girl's asshole. 

I put my cock head against the wet rosebud on Nat's anus. I heard Nat gasp and hold her breath. Courtney watched my cock avidly, also holding her breath. I squeezed my shaft and pushed into Nat's ass, her sphincter stretching around my glans as I slid into her. My dick head vanished into Nat's bottom.

"Oh fuck..." I heard Nat whimper quietly as i paused to let her asshole adjust to being stretched by my girth. 

Courtney's eyes were wide as her right hand drifted down Nat's body, over her wet pussy, and touched the rim of Nat's ass, then wandered up my veiny shaft. I moved my hand and Courtney's hand replaced mine, squeezing my shaft hard. She pulled my cock, forcing more of my length into Nathalie's tight bottom, pulling her skin inward. Nat cried out softly in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Courtney, her eyes still glued to my cock impaling Nat's asshole, released my shaft and traced her fingers to Nat's pussy, spreading her labia and gently massaging her hard, exposed clit. 

Nat hummed her approval and resumed tonguing Courtney's vagina. I pushed more of my cock into Nat's ass, aided by Courtney's spit. I slid in deep, but not all the way. I began to withdraw, pulling Nat's ass with my shaft. I pulled out to my cock head, then thrust in again, more quickly this time. Nat moaned.

"Yes. Fuck it. Fuck her ass," said Courtney gleefully, rubbing Nat's clit rapidly and putting her hand on her own tit, pinching the nipple. 

I began a slow rhythm, pumping my meat in and out of Nat's bottom. The pleasure overtook me and I moaned.
