 Office Politics

Sitting in my office on an average Wednesday, I found myself distracted. 

I was unable to focus on my work for more than a few minutes at a time, and my mind kept returning to events that had recently transpired. Ever since my boss Carmen and I had caught the strategic director Gary sexually harassing my colleague Courtney using a hidden camera in my office, I had been plotting ways to get my revenge. We had the smoking gun: irrefutable evidence that he had abused his position of power and threatened Courtney, in the hopes that she would perform sexual acts on him. Carmen had intervened just in time, saving Courtney from the humiliation of succumbing to his insistent demands, or on the other hand, losing her job. Since that time, the feeling in the office was one of tension, especially between Courtney, Carmen, and me. Gary had made himself scarce, but it wasn't enough; I needed to know he would never bother Courtney (or any of my other colleagues) again.

I had spoken with Carmen about what to do, but she refused to submit the video to HR since she would have to explain the existence of the hidden cameras in my office. And since neither of us had directly witnessed the harassment, we could not make a case against Gary without the video. Furthermore, Gary was Carmen's superior, and she was reluctant to rock the boat since she might find herself out of a job.

"But we have to do SOMETHING!" I said, pacing and gesturing wildly in Carmen's office the day after the incident.

Carmen, maintaining her calm demeanour, watched me over the rims of her black-framed librarian's glasses, her long legs crossed, her hands neatly folded on her knee just below the hem of her short black skirt. Her light grey jumper was stretched tightly across her marvelous bust, her nipples poking out sensuously from the woolen fabric.

"My hands are tied. I'm not willing to sacrifice my job for Courtney's," she said simply.

"I understand that, but... he's just going to do it again!"

"Possibly," Carmen vaguely shrugged.

"Doesn't it bother you? Don't you care at all?" I asked pleadingly.

Carmen eyed me sternly.

"Don't question my morals. I will do what is in my power to do, but I will not risk my career. It is Courtney's responsibility to bring this to the attention of the human resources department, and if she does she will receive my support, but I will not be the victim. I'm sorry if that upsets you, but I cannot fight an indiscretion with another indiscretion," she finished.

I sat down heavily in the chair opposite Carmen's desk and ran my hands through my hair.

"Ok, fine. I get it," I said, defeated.

"I'll keep an eye on her, as I know you will. Be smart about this. I know you're a clever boy," Carmen said.

She stood and opened her office door, inviting me to leave. I admired her curvy figure before standing and making to leave. As I passed her, Carmen took my hand and tuned my palm upwards. With her other hand she placed a small object in mine.

"Don't make me regret this," she whispered in my ear, then patted my bottom, ushering me out the door.

As I made my way back to my office, I slipped the USB stick Carmen had placed in my palm into my trouser pocket.

******************

I tapped the end of my pen on the report I was reading, recalling these events. Of course, the USB stick contained the video of Gary's perverted proposition to Courtney, but what did Carmen expect me to do with it? I knew that any attempt to implicate her would be met with a stern denial, and I had no proof. I knew that taking the video to HR would be risking my job as well as Courtney's, not to mention the invasion of privacy... how would I explain having hidden cameras in my office? As I contemplated these questions, I heard a soft knock on my door.

"Come in," I said.

The door opened and Courtney popped her pretty head in. She had been absent the day before, no doubt afraid to come back after being harassed by Gary.

"Hello," she said in her soft, singsong voice. "Have you got a moment?"

"For you, of course," I smiled, gesturing to a chair.

Courtney smiled and entered. She wore a snug pink blouse and black trousers with high heels. Her buttons were undone just to the point where I could see a tiny bit of her gorgeous cleavage. She sat and glanced about nervously.

"Are you feeling ok? I noticed you were away yesterday," I began.

"Yes, I'm fine. I... Gary, he... he acted inappropriately towards me after you left on Monday. Carmen came to my rescue, but I just didn't feel like I could come in yesterday. It was so... so creepy and awful," Courtney shuddered as she spoke. 

"I remember you told me to get him to meet me in this office. Why?" she asked.

"Um, it was because I know Carmen would be able to keep an eye on you. You can see my office more easily than yours from where her office is. I told her to watch for anything suspicious when I left," I lied.

"Oh... well thank you. That was very kind. She came in just in time." Courtney was clearly uncomfortable recalling the incident, and it made me furious to think of Gary groping her and advancing on her with his filthy cock out.

"Good, good. Courtney, is there anything I can do to help?"

"Thank you, but no, I don't think so. I've got to stand up to him. I think I might go to HR about this. I really don't want to lose my job, but I don't think I can handle something like that happening again," said Courtney, fidgeting and squirming in her chair.

"Listen, can you hold off on doing that for a few days? I have an idea that may solve your problem," I suggested.

"No, I don't want to get you in trouble. I don't want to cause any fuss-"

"-It's no fuss. Please, trust me. Just a couple days."

Courtney looked me in the eyes for a moment.

"What are you planning?"

"I can't say. Just... trust me, ok?" I said hopefully.

She sighed, her huge bust heaving and pulling at the buttons on her blouse.

"Ok," she said, leaning forward and touching my knee. "... but only because it's you." 

She smiled weakly and stood to leave.

"Thank you," she said softly before turning and walking back to her office.

I turned back to my desk and resumed tapping my pen against its surface, lost in thought. 

Plotting.

*****************************************

Our company was participating in an industry conference in the latter half of that week, which happened to be hosted close to our premises. It consisted mostly of talks, presentations, workshops, and social events for networking. Although I was not required to attend, I requested that I accompany Carmen on the penultimate afternoon.

"I don't know why you would want to come to this. It's usually dull, and full of stuffed shirts," said Carmen, holding a teacup to her lips.

"Your shirt is looking rather stuffed, Ms. Beaumont," I jibed, admiring her bust straining against her light blue blouse underneath a navy blazer.

"Yes, very clever," she smirked sarcastically at me, then turned her eyes to the crowd of suits milling about in the conference room.

The last presentation of the afternoon had ended and people were preparing to make their way to the hotel bar for cocktails. I loosened my tie and put my hands in my pockets, scanning the faces. I found the one I was looking for.

"There's Gary. And there... that's his wife, isn't it?" I tipped my chin, indicating the direction I was looking.

"Yes. Sylvia Voynov," confirmed Carmen.

"Wow. You wonder why he goes looking for it elsewhere. She's gorgeous."

Mrs. Voynov looked a good 15 years younger than her middle-aged husband. She was petite, slender, her straight blonde hair tied tightly back from her forehead in a bun. She wore a grey suit jacket and skirt with high heels, which showed off her perfectly shaped legs. Her white blouse was unbuttoned alluringly low, but not so much as to be unprofessional, and the swells of her breasts were visible under her shape-hugging jacket. Her eyes were light blue, and her brilliant smile was framed by her ruby red lips, her lipstick managing not to be garish despite the contrast with her business attire. She had beautiful eastern European features, with high, sharp cheekbones and doe eyes. Those around her were positively captured by her presence.

"Alright then, no need to stare," said Carmen with a hint of jealousy.

"Sorry, but... what is wrong with that guy? Is he mental?" I was incredulous.

"No, he's just a pervert. It wouldn't matter who he's with, he just enjoys having power over others."

"I guess so. And something tells me she didn't marry him for his looks or his charming personality."

Sylvia was chatting with a group of men as her husband looked about disinterestedly.

"I've heard rumours that she's got more clout with the board than he does. He's probably not the only one that enjoys power," I said, referring to stories I'd heard about Mrs. Voynov's influence in our company.

"He's got where he is because of his family. She saw an opportunity to move into a position of authority quickly and efficiently through him. They're using each other, really. The thing is, I think they both know it, and neither of them minds," Carmen said, finishing her tea.

"The rumours you heard are true. He has a more senior position in the organisation, but she has much more influence. She's much smarter than he is. She's got most of the board members eating out of her hand," continued Carmen.

"Interesting. Do you think you could introduce us at some point this evening?" I asked.

Carmen narrowed her eyes and looked at me suspiciously.

"Why?" she said, after an evaluative pause.

I didn't think I could get away with lying to my boss, so I decided to be honest.

"Well, you know how you gave me the USB-"

"-Stop. Never mind. I have no idea to what you are referring, and I don't care to know," she interrupted meaningfully. "Now, won't you join me for a cocktail?"

"It would be my pleasure," I smiled and gestured to the exit. "After you, my dear."

*******************************************

Carmen and I stood near a large window looking out over the night lights of the city. The bar was busy, but not crowded, a collegial buzz permeating the room. Some people were still networking, while others were simply unwinding after the conference. Carmen and I made polite conversation as we watched Sylvia and Gary move about the room. They barely had a spare moment to themselves.

"I don't like my chances, Carmen," I said, swirling my gin and tonic.

"Be patient. They're here to network, not for pleasure. You'll get your turn," she replied, toying with the toothpick skewering the olives in her martini.

I admired Carmen as she gazed across the room, her long, dark hair falling across her cheek, her cleavage pouting invitingly between the 'v' of her blouse, buttoned low.

"You know, we could always go back to your place for a drink. This can wait," I hinted, hoping Carmen would accept my suggestion.

Carmen looked back to me and smirked.

"Getting cold feet, are we?"

"No, honestly. I just thought it would be nice for the two of us to spend some time together... as friends rather than colleagues."

"Oh right, as 'friends'. I doubt it," she scoffed.

"Hey, I take offense to that. Alright, yes, I find you very attractive, that's no secret. But I genuinely enjoy your company... when you're not yelling at me to meet deadlines, that is."

She scrutinised me for a few moments, and her lips were touched with the faintest smile. She opened her mouth to reply, but something caught her eye and she looked away.

"Here's your chance, darling," she said, straightening up and putting her martini glass on a nearby table. 

Carmen waved across the room.

Sylvia approached us purposefully, Gary trailing slightly behind her. Her hips swung sexily as her dainty fingers clasped her champagne glass.

"Carmen, so nice to see you," she greeted us in a soft, but confident voice, mature, but not aged.

Carmen and Sylvia kissed each others' cheeks. Gary ignored me in favour of glaring disdainfully at Carmen. 

"I hope the conference wasn't too boring," said Sylvia.

"I managed to stay awake for most of it," joked Carmen, who seemed to be on quite familiar terms with Mrs. Voynov.

Carmen introduced me to Syliva, and I extended my hand. Sylvia took it, then leaned in to politely press her cheek against mine, saying, "Goodness, there's no need to be so formal, dear. It's happy hour."

"Thank you, Mrs. Voynov. It's a pleasure to finally meet you," I said, enjoying the floral scent of her perfume.

"And you. Carmen has had many good things to say about you. You're a fabulous asset to the company, from what I hear," replied Sylvia, smiling brilliantly, the faint lines at the corner of her eyes giving her an air of sophistication.

"Is that so? Well it's the first I've heard of it," I said, laughing.

"I'm just being careful that you don't get a swollen head," quipped Carmen with an obvious double-entendre.

"Well you should know that she's spoken very highly of you to me. Strange how you don't seem to take much notice of these things, Gary," said Sylvia with a side glance at her husband.

"I've got bigger things to worry about than individual employee performance. That's Carmen's job," Gary tried to say in a calm manner, but it just came off as patronising.

"It's everyone's job to recognise good performance, honey. Just be careful Carmen, I might try to lure him away from your department," said Sylvia, touching my arm.

Gary rolled his eyes and threw back the rest of his drink. He burped, then shook his empty glass.

"If you'll excuse me," he said, turning away and marching towards the bar.

"I'll excuse myself as well, Sylvia. I've just seen Kevin and I need to catch up with him about the annual report. I'll speak with you later."

Carmen kissed Sylvia's cheek and turned to leave, giving me a subtle wink on her way out.

"Please ignore my husband. He seems to have a bee in his bonnet about Carmen and anyone who works under her. He probably resents the fact that Carmen's done more for the company than he has. Oh, forgive me... enough office politics. What did you think of the conference?" 

Sylvia and I made conversation about the conference and the company. I shared some ideas for business and product development for our department, in which she seemed genuinely interested. In fact, we had very similar views about the company and its direction. Sylvia struck me as a strong, intelligent, competent business woman, who knew the value of her people. I found myself admiring and respecting her, and was confused about why she would stay with such a horrible husband.

"Goodness, I'm sorry about all this shop talk, but it's nice to know we have such an engaged person such as yourself working for us. I don't often get to exchange ideas outside the board members. It's refreshing."

"I'm glad to have had the chance to share my perspective, Mrs. Voynov."

"Sylvia, please. Would you care for another drink?" she said, turning her body to look for the wait staff.

"Yes please, Sylvia." I liked the sound of her name as I spoke it.

She flagged a waiter who took our order. I began to think about what I had come there for; what I intended to say to Sylvia. It seemed an impossible thing-I was intending to expose her husband's infidelity and unlawful behaviour with concrete proof to his wife... whom I had just met! It seemed absurd, unreal. But the thought of Courtney being harassed fueled my purpose. I had to do it. I decided that after another drink or two I would have enough courage to take the plunge.

Our drinks arrived and Sylvia raised her glass.

"To your health and hard work," she said, smiling.

"And yours."

We clinked our glasses and drank. As she tipped her head, I admired the pale skin of her neck, her womanly collarbones, and her decolletage. I noticed that her white blouse was also unbuttoned quite low... had she done this as we were speaking? Her breasts made beautiful curved cleavage with the help of her bra, and I felt my balls tingle. I was unsure if Sylvia had seen me admiring her neck and breasts, but if she had she was too polite to draw attention to it.

After a few more minutes of conversation, I decided to take the plunge.

"Um... Sylvia, I have a rather, erm, delicate matter that I'd like to speak to you about, if I may," I began, almost shaking from nervousness.

"Oh?" she said, a small crease forming between her thin eyebrows.

"Yes. It concerns... your husband," I said carefully.

Her smile faded and her expression became stern. I immediately backpedaled.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have... it's not appropriate of me-my apologise," I stammered badly, feeling like an utter fool.

Sylvia looked around the room, then back at me, still with a threatening undertone.

"No. Not here. Take this," she said, handing me her business card. "Send me a blank text in a few minutes. I'll contact you after. Do not speak of this to anyone, do you understand?"

I nodded in acquiescence. She held out her hand for me to shake.

"It was a pleasure meeting you," she said smiling again, as if nothing had happened.

"The pleasure was all mine," I said, confused, but managing to smile back.

She turned and approached a group of people with whom she conversed. I entered the number from her business card into my phone and sent the blank text to her and watched as she retrieved her phone from her handbag. She looked at her phone, then spoke with the others, excusing herself and leaving the room. I sipped my drink and stared out the window, wondering what I hoped to accomplish. How would she react? What if I had just ruined my career? I was filled with dread and anxiety, but there was no backing out now.

"That seemed to have gone well," a voice said beside me.

"I imagine she wants to meet in private to discuss this," I said to Carmen, feeling shaken.

"Be careful. Don't get yourself fired. I might actually miss you," she said, putting her hand on my shoulder.

"And the truth comes out," I said, smiling, gazing into Carmen's dark eyes.

Our eye contact was broken when Carmen's phone rang and she fished into her handbag to retrieve it. Looking at the screen, she paused.

"I have to take this. Gook luck," she said, then turned quickly and crossed the room, vanishing through the doors to find a quieter location to talk.

I sipped my drink and waited, feeling awkward, shifting nervously. The minutes ticked by and I was beginning to get cold feet when my phone rang in my hand.

"Hello?"

"Meet me in room 2015. Come alone, and do not tell anyone where you are going." 

Then the line disconnected.

I put my phone back in my pocket, drained my glass, and left the room, careful to avoid anyone I might know.

***************************************************

I tapped my foot nervously in the lift on my way to room 2015 to meet Mrs. Voynov, wondering what I had gotten myself into. Of course, it was much too late to back out now. Besides, I had not done anything wrong, I was simply trying to expose Gary's sexual harassment of Courtney.

I got off on the 20th floor and made my way down the wide corridor to Sylvia's room. I knocked softly on the door and waited. The lock clicked and the door opened a crack. 

"Is anyone in the hallway?" Sylvia's hushed voice asked.

I looked around.

"No."

The door opened and Sylvia admitted me into her room. She hooked the 'do not disturb' sign on the door handle and closed it quietly. She still wore her suit, her hair still tightly bound in a bun.

The room was large, with modern decor. The entrance hallway had a closet on the right, and a small kitchenette on the left. Beyond, a sunken lounge area with leather couches occupied the left side of the room. To the right was a king size bed, and the far wall had floor-to-ceiling windows peering out over the city. A small buffet table was tucked into the far left corner of the room, and I saw a bottle of champagne sitting on it, chilling in a bucket. The lighting was dim-only a table lamp beside one of the couches illuminated the room.
