 It was a sharp intake of breath, followed by stifled giggles that woke me from my slumber. My eyes fluttered and I squinted instinctively from the light pouring in through the floor-to-ceiling windows of the hotel room. What time was it? Late morning? What was I doing in this room?

Ah yes. Sylvia and Carmen.

The memory of the previous evening's events came flooding back to me. The conference. My chat with Sylvia about her husband harassing Courtney. Being tied to the chair. Carmen. The shower. Carmen. The window. Carmen. The bed.

It had finally happened. I had fucked my boss Carmen. 

After a relatively long, productive, respectful, professional relationship-one which had more recently tread precariously on the sexual side-we had finally had sex. And it had been incredible. The anticipation, the longing, the teasing, the constant innuendo, all of it had finally come to a head, and Carmen and I had fucked each other silly. Of course, we had also shared the night's sexual exploits with her boss, Sylvia Voynov, who was herself a ravenous lover. 

I brought my hand up to shield my eyes from the crisp blue sky, my vision slowly beginning to come into focus. I was splayed in the middle of the king size bed, naked as the day I was born, the sheets and covers long since tossed carelessly to the floor. Who needs blankets when you have two sexy, warm, female bodies to keep you warm? Well, that, as well as a marathon fuck session.

As my vision cleared, so did the night's later events. The three of us napping on the bed. Sylvia waking to take us into the hot tub. More cock sucking and fucking on the couch and the rug by the fireplace. Another shower to rinse the cum and sweat from our bodies. Another nap. 

Carmen waking me quietly by sucking my cock, then coaxing me from the bed-careful not to wake Sylvia this time-and bringing me to the chair I had been tied to earlier, now right next to the window, straddling me, fucking me slowly as we gazed out at the nocturnal city skyline, or seeing the lights reflect like stars in each others' eyes. A long, slow fuck, her tits on my chest, or in my mouth, her hair in my face, our lips exchanging panting breaths and passionate kisses, our fevered whispers; sexual, naughty, lustful. Time was irrelevant, and Carmen came again and again, whispering my name, her nails on my shoulders, and back, and chest. My hands explored every inch of her body as our scents and fluids mingled. We became lost in one another.

I don't know if Sylvia heard us, or watched us, and I didn't care. At the time, it was only Carmen and me that existed. I came deep inside her, emptying myself into her warm, moist pussy as I kissed her. I carried her to the bed and fell asleep, still inside her, our cum leaking out, gluing us together.

I was disappointed to wake up alone.

Wait... not alone. Another muffled, feminine giggle. My head lifted from the pillow and swiveled to find the source. There, standing by the foot of the bed were two women. They were dressed in black and white housekeeping uniforms; snug, form-fitting knee-length dresses with low, square-cut necklines, short sleeves, and white aprons. 

The woman on the left was young, probably eighteen, light blonde hair tied back except for a long fringe that curved to the right side of her face across her forehead. Her body was turned to face her companion, and she held the other woman's upper arm tightly with both hands as she looked at me with wide, light blue eyes, her pale cheeks blushing deep red.

The other woman was young as well, probably in her early 20's, her black hair tied back as well, with long strands framing her round, friendly face. She had dark, puppy-dog eyes and a soft, yet mischievous smile. Her arm was across her middle, holding the other woman's hand on her arm. She was slightly shorter and carried a little more weight than her blonde friend, but both had a cute, youthful appearance.

There was, of course, another feature that both women shared: they both had big, beautiful, breasts. 

Their abundant bosoms nearly overflowed from their snug uniforms, pouting out prominently from the square-cut necklines, showing of the tops of their tits, and the deep, succulent cleavage between their enormous mounds.

I blinked in astonishment at the two sexy girls in front of me. The blonde looked at the black-haired girl and spoke quickly in a hushed tone. I could hear her, but I couldn't understand what she was saying. She wasn't speaking English. It sounded like Polish, or Czech. The blonde was tugging on the other girl's arm. I blinked again, then rubbed my eyes. The black-haired beauty looked familiar.

Suddenly, I recognised her. 

"Ellen?!" I exclaimed.

She giggled, ignoring her blonde friend.

"Housekeeping!" she said cheerily, waving her fingers at me and winking.

Ellen was the cleaner at my office building, and Carmen had initiated a rather intimate encounter with the three of us not too long ago, fucking her with a strap-on dildo while I jerked off watching them. I didn't know what to make of her being in my hotel room at this moment, let alone with a very attractive companion.

Her friend pulled on Ellen's arm again, glancing at me... or rather, at my cock, which was lying heavily on my stomach, fully exposed. She spoke to Ellen, who replied in their native tongue, gesturing to me and seeming to reassure her friend.

"What the hell are you doing here?" I asked, leaning up on my elbows, but making no attempt to conceal my member.

"I work here on the weekends," she responded in her thick Eastern-European accent. "I brought my friend Lenka to help with cleaning the room. Is this ok?"

Her friend playfully slapped her arm and looked at Ellen, still holding onto her.

"Yes, it's ok. As long as she doesn't mind things getting a little dirty before she has to clean up," I replied, smiling at the girls suggestively.

Lenka's mouth dropped open as she looked back at me. Ellen stepped toward the bed, dragging Lenka along with her, until the girls were standing next to me, looking down at my body.

"Do you like what you see, Lenka?" I asked, watching her pretty blue eyes widen as she soaked in the image of my lean, toned body, and my thick cock, still impressive in size despite being flaccid.

She blushed again, then nodded, her wide eyes doing the speaking for her. Ellen spoke to her again and pointed at my cock, and both girls giggled.

"What? Is there a problem?" I said.

"Oh, no problem, sir. Sorry, it is rude for us to be speaking Czech in front of you. I tell Lenka that you get much bigger," replied Ellen, putting her hands up, palms facing each other and drawing them apart demonstratively.

I laughed.

"Do you want to see how much bigger it gets, Lenka?" I asked her, reaching over to touch the outside of her thigh.

"Y-yes please," she squeaked, her voice high and feminine.

"Well, then you'll have to help me, sweetie."

"How I help?" she asked innocently, her English appearing to be somewhat worse than her companion's.

Ellen elbowed Lenka and looked at her crossly and hissed a few words at her in Czech, seeming embarrassed that her friend had to ask how to make my cock grow. Lenka replied with several quickly-spoken words of her own, gesturing wildly. She turned back to face me and blushed again.

"Maybe I touch?" she suggested, her eyes trailing down my body to affix on my cock, which had already begun to swell just from looking at the two sexy young cleaners next to me.

Lenka put her hands on her thighs and bent over slowly, her wide, blue eyes glued to my member. Her bugling decolletage was revealed to me at a very favourable angle, allowing me to ogle her enormous breasts and deep cleavage, her tits threatening to fall out of the top of her dress.

She licked her lips and reached out tentatively, her fingers touching my thigh first, her eyes darting up to mine to judge my reaction, before sliding her hand up and gently cupping my balls. Her hand was warm, and the feeling spread through my groin as she rolled my balls in her palm, then continued her movement upward, running her hand up my long shaft until she reached my glans.

Her fingers wrapped around my girth and she lifted my dick so it pointed upward like a mast. After getting an eyeful of her big tits, I had stiffened significantly, and when she squeezed my member I felt it surge with another inflow of blood.

"Ooh!" she squeaked, her eyes widening further and her lips curling up into a grin. "I feel it!"

Ellen bent down next to Lenka, her breasts also threatening to escape the confines of her low, square neckline. She was biting her lip, and ran her hand up my thigh as Lenka had done, her fingers massaging my balls as Lenka began to stroke downward on my shaft. I looked at the succulent clefts of cleavage between the girls' soft, round tits and my mouth began to water.

Lenka began to stroke me in long, slow pumps of her hand, her fingers unable to meet around the circumference of my cock as it became more turgid. Ellen's fingers crept up to the base of my shaft, then wrapped around it, her fist stacked below her friend's, my cock still extending well beyond the girls' firm grip. Both girls squeezed me and stroked me together, making me as hard as a diamond in less than 30 seconds.

"That feels very good, ladies. Do all the hotel guests get such wonderful room service?" I joked.

"Only the sexy ones," said Ellen, giving me a cute smile.

"Well I feel very lucky indeed. I'm loving the view, too," I added, staring at the two pairs of gorgeous tits barely contained in the girls' dresses.

Ellen giggled and put her other arm around Lenka's shoulders, pulling them together so the sides of their tits pressed together, causing them to bulge even more. I couldn't help but reach over and cup Lenka's breasts one after the other, then Ellen's. I sucked my finger then pushed it into Lenka's cleavage, feeling her bosom envelop it.

"Mmm, your tits are very soft, Lenka. I wonder what they would feel like wrapped around my cock," I mused suggestively.

She giggled and bit her lower lip.

"Maybe we find out?" she said, releasing my cock and standing up straight.

She turned so her back was facing Ellen and spoke to her, gesturing behind her. Ellen let go of my dick, letting it slap heavily against my stomach, and reached up to unzip the back of Lenka's dress. We stared into each others' eyes as the zipper buzzed softly behind her. Ellen pushed the dress off Lenka's shoulders, sliding the sleeves down and pushing the fabric lower until Lenka wiggled it free from her hips, letting it fall to the floor and stepping out of it.

Underneath, she wore a matching bra and panty set, black and lacy, the cups accentuating her already bulging bust, the small panties barely covering her pussy lips, and so low that it was apparent her vagina was clean-shaven.

"Wow..." I exclaimed, admiring her flat stomach and narrow waist.

She seemed to become shy and self-conscious, her arms wrapping around her middle, just below her huge tits as she turned so she faced Ellen.

"Don't be shy, sweetie. You look absolutely beautiful," I complimented her, stroking her thigh.

Ellen had turned away from Lenka, and said something, looking over her shoulder at us. Lenka unzipped Ellen's dress and helped her out of it. They turned toward me and put their arms around each others' waists. Ellen was also wearing a set of black underwear, but hers were cotton, with a white ribbon woven through her waistband and the tops of her bra cups, a tiny bow between her glorious breasts and on her panties below her navel.

"You're matching, even," I commented, my eyes flicking between the two sexy cleaners, unable to settle on one or the other.

"Our boss tells us to wear sexy black bra and panties, to go with uniform," admitted Ellen, running her hand down her narrow waist and over her curvy, voluptuous hips. "I think he likes us to show our tits."

"Somehow I'm not surprised," I replied. "Let me see your asses."

The girls both obediently turned and arched their backs, pushing their bottoms out toward me. The material of their thongs disappeared between their round, plump, heart-shaped buttocks. I caressed their ass cheeks and hummed in approval, slipping my finger underneath first Lenka, then Ellen, softly rubbing their pussies through the thin fabric of their panties. My fingertips encountered not a small amount of moisture.

"Seems like I'm not the only one becoming aroused, hmm girls?" I said, pushing my fingers firmly against Lenka's warm mound.

She sighed and opened her legs a little to give me better access. I sat up on the edge of the bed and slipped my fingers between Ellen's legs, now rubbing both girls' cunts, their juices soaking their panties.

"Does that feel good?" I asked.

"Oooh... yes sir," moaned Ellen.

"Yes... very good," echoed Lenka.

My cock stood proudly as I gazed at one ass, then the other, stimulating the girls with my fingers. I leaned in to softly kiss their buttocks, savouring the warmth and softness of their skin on my lips.

"Turn around. I think it's time you showed me those fabulous tits, ladies."

They obeyed without hesitation, turning to face me as I ran my fingers up their inner thighs to resume rubbing their cunts through the damp fabric of their sexy panties.

"Take of your bras," I commanded.

Immediately, they both reached back and unfastened the clasps, the weight of their huge tits pulling the straps loose as they lifted the cups away, freeing their womanly globes. My mouth began to water as they dropped their bras to the floor, exposing their breasts in all their glory. I ogled them openly, unable to decide whose were bigger, and which set of fantastic tits I preferred. Both pairs were plump, round, and maintained an attractive perkiness despite their size. Lenka's tits sagged slightly less than Ellen's, and her light pink nipples were puffier.

"Wow, ladies. Your breasts are incredible," I said to both women, looking them in the eyes to reinforce my sincerity.

Ellen giggled and the girls put their arms around each others' waists again, pushing the sides of their boobs together. They began touching and caressing their tits, pinching their nipples and lifting the fabulous melons. I drank in the sight as I continued to rub their pussies, my cock throbbing with anticipation.

"Let me suck them," I said, struggling not to drool on myself.

Lenka and Ellen stepped up to me and pushed their breasts out, offering the four soft, shapely tits to me obligingly. I started with Lenka's boob, kissing the warm flesh and teasing her puffy nipple with my tongue. It hardened further in response to my darting tongue and nibbling lips, and I eagerly sucked on it, filling my mouth to bursting with tender teen tit-flesh.

I gave her other breast a similar treatment, then moved to Ellen's bust, pushing my face in between her soft pillows and kissing, licking, and sucking every square centimetre of her magnificent titties. Through my oral stimulation of their breasts, and my digital stimulation of their cunts, the girls were now breathing hard and starting to moan softly. Their nipples were rock hard and poked my lips, tongue, and cheeks as they reached under their melons to offer them to me, both greedy for my hungry mouth.

The rubbing of her pussy, as well as the feeling of my mouth dining on her tits seemed to embolden young Lenka. She moaned softly and looked down at me, focusing on my rigid member.

"Sir... I give you tit fuck?" she asked in her broken English, somehow managing to sound innocent.

"You read my mind."

I lay back on the bed, giving the girls space to climb up next to me. They kicked their shoes off and crawled onto the bed, one on either side of my hips. Lenka leaned in first, her swaying tits brushing my cock, but Ellen stopped her.

"Wait. First..." she spoke, then picked up my cock, pointing it straight up and holding it firmly at the base.

She pursed her lips, then dribbled spit down onto my dick head, stroking it along my shaft with her hand.

"I know a better way. Why don't you use your mouth, Ellen," I suggested.

She grinned. "Yes sir. Like this?"

She slipped her lips over my bulbous cock head and began bobbing on the tip, looking up at me to see my reaction.

"Yes, that's close, but I think you need to take it deeper. Lenka, push Ellen's head down onto my cock. Make her gag."

Lenka looked confused.

"What is 'gag'?" she asked.

"Here, I'll show you. Put your mouth on my cock, sweetheart," I replied, smiling invitingly at her.

She returned my smile and lowered her head. Ellen looked at me and smirked, not warning her friend about what was coming. She opened her mouth and Ellen guided my cock inside it as I rested my hand on the back of Lenka's head. She began to suckle my dick head, her cheeks pulling in as I felt a wonderful suction on my tip.

"Good girl. Now, here's what gagging means," I said, then pushed the back of her head down hard, forcing my cock deep into her mouth in one abrupt motion.

Ellen moved her hand out of the way as I felt the tip of my cock hit the back of Lenka's throat. She immediately began to gag, cough, and sputter, and I felt the warm wash of her saliva run down my cock and drip over my balls. I grunted as I held her there, my cock sliding into her throat as she squeezed her eyes shut.

Finally, I let her pull back, and she coughed, putting her hand flat on her chest as her spit dripped off her chin. When she opened her eyes, she looked hurt and embarrassed. Ellen leaned in and wiped Lenka's chin and stroked her cheek. She spoke to her softly in Czech for a few moments. Lenka looked at me, then at Ellen, then back at me.

"It feels good?" she asked me.

"It feels very good, Lenka. Watch Ellen, she will show you how to gag on my cock."

Ellen spoke to her again, then picked up my cock again, lowering her mouth onto it once more. She looked me in the eyes as she descended on it, taking inch after inch down her throat. She gagged a few times, but managed to force my entire length into her mouth, her lips resting at the base. I moaned and began gently thrusting my cock in her throat. She pulled back after a minute, wiping the spit from her lips, then offering my cock to Lenka again.

"That's called 'deep-throating', hun," I informed her.

Lenka looked at me apprehensively, but lowered her head slowly to my slick member.

"That's it, honey. Just take it as deep as you can. It's ok if you get your spit all over it. Just give it a try," I coaxed her.

She gripped it and began her descent, her soft tongue stroking against my column, her eyes looking down as she concentrated.

"It is more sexy if you look at him," Ellen said, pointing to my face.

Lenka blinked rapidly, but looked me in the eyes as she took me deep, my tip bumping the back of her throat and making her gag again. Instead of pulling back, she began bobbing her head, not taking me all the way as Ellen had, but doing a formidable job of forcing my thick cock down her tight throat.

Her throaty gags and high pitched gasps filled the room as she gobbled my cock, her eyes never leaving mine.

"Oohhh fuck yeah, that's so good Lenka. That feels so nice," I encouraged her.

I reached down and fondled one of her tits as I fucked her mouth, my other hand fondling one of Ellen's big tits. After a time, Lenka lifted her head and stroked my shaft rapidly, spreading her spit and smiling proudly.

"I do good?" she asked.

"Very good, honey. Now wrap those beautiful titties around my cock and let me fuck them."

Ellen leaned toward Lenka and spit between her friend's tits. Lenka gasped, then both girls giggled, chattering in Czech. Lenka shifted her position and lowered her tits to my waiting cock, bouncing them off my dick head as she held my cock steady, then sliding it in between her huge melons. She moved her hand as my dick head popped up between her enormous jugs. Ellen helped by holding Lenka's breasts firmly together around my dick, then began lifting them and dropping them on me, my cock sliding easily on their spit as I tit fucked her.
