 Chapter 2: Kelly

Kelly repositioned herself on the couch. She took a deep drag off her cigarette and blew the smoke out above her head. She was still finding it hard to believe how the night was working out for them.

She and her boyfriend Mike had decided a few months ago to bring another girl into their sex life. Actually, having always been curious about other girls, she had decided and mentioned it to Mike. Like most men would, he readily agreed, excited about the possibilities. When Mike suggested her friend Amy as a possibility, Kelly was troubled; she didn't want to fool around with her friend, but obviously Mike did. So she suggested that they find a stranger that they both agreed on and made it a one night thing, thus avoiding any jealousy or doubt afterward. 

So, for the next two months they had been going out to bars and clubs on the weekends trying to find a potential playmate. It was harder than she thought it would be; either Mike wasn't interested in the ones she picked out, or she wasn't in the ones he picked out. And when they did find some one they agreed on, they still had to meet the girl and convince her to play along. That had led to some embarrassing situations....

Tonight, however, their luck had taken a turn. At an Irish pub in midtown they had seen an older girl that they both found attractive. Kelly remembered when she first saw Natasha seated at the bar by herself, smoking a cigarette and sipping a martini. Her red hair was shoulder length and slightly curly. She wore a thick rimmed pair of glasses and a sophisticated outfit, a white blouse and long tight black skirt. Kelly knew Mike would like her; he'd always had a thing for redheads, he'd once confessed to her.

Kelly made the initial contact and things went smooth. Then Mike joined the two of them, pretending to have just arrived at the bar. Natasha was very friendly, and had seemed receptive to the couple's flirtatious conversation. After a while, Natasha had said she was going to go home. Worried that another opportunity was passing them by, Kelly had invited Natasha to come back to their place. Instead, Natasha said they could come back with her to her apartment which was nearby. She remembered thinking in the cab ride over that they had finally done it; this gorgeous redhead was all theirs.

But when they got to her place, things took a bit of a turn. It seemed Natasha was onto them all along. She knew they were trying to pick her up and allowed it to happen. Once they were back at her place, she turned the tables on them and took charge of the situation. Kelly found herself incredibly turned on by Natasha's commanding attitude. She had never felt so turned on as she was tonight. The idea of having a threesome was hot enough, but Natasha was exceeding her wildest imaginings. She had made Kelly cum easier than anyone ever had before. The woman was simply amazing.

Now Kelly watched as Natasha straddled Mike's legs, her back facing him as he sat on the couch. Mike had one hand on her hip and the other on his big cock, guiding it into the redhead as she lowered herself down onto it. "Oh yeah, stud," Natasha said, tossing her hair over her shoulder as she turned to face him, "Slide it right in."

Mike smiled and did as he was told. Watching her boyfriend with another girl was thrilling to Kelly. Natasha had been sucking him off only moments ago and the sight nearly made her cum again. She slid two fingers into her already dripping pussy and sighed in pleasure.

Mike took his hand from his cock as it slid into Natasha, placing it on her other hip. The woman smiled wickedly as she began to slide down his shaft. Natasha was bracing herself by placing her hands on Mike's knees, but as he entered her, she brought them up to rub her full breasts. The black lace bra that held them in place seemed so full it was about to burst. She tweaked her nipples with her shiny red fingernails. "That's it, baby, give me that big thing."

Mike pulled her down hard, slamming his cock all the way up into her. She gasped in delight and began riding him. With her high heels planted on the floor she pumped herself up and down on his cock. "My god, it's so good," Natasha moaned wantonly. "Give it to me, baby!"

Kelly fingered herself furiously as she watched Natasha fuck her boyfriend. She paused for a second to put out her cigarette and then began to use both her hands on herself. She kept slamming two fingers into her pussy while she used her other hand to rub her swollen clit. "Oh yeah," she said breathlessly, "fuck her good, baby. Give it to her!"

Mike responded to the encouragement by taking firm hold of Natasha's hips and thrusting up into her from the edge of the couch. Natasha stopped moving up and down and allowed him to do the work. He started pounding away for all he was worth. Kelly had gotten this treatment before and knew how good it was. Watching Mike do it to another girl was driving her crazy.

"Fuck me! Fuck this pussy! Fuck this pussy so good!" Natasha yelled as she continued to fondle her own tits. "Oh god, just keep fucking it!"

Mike took one hand from her hip and gave her ass a slap. "You like that, Natasha?" he asked through clenched teeth.

Natasha responded by reaching back and placing her hands on his chest. She then brought her legs up onto the couch. This gave him a different angle and he kept pounding away. Natasha also resumed thrusting herself back up and down on his cock. 

Kelly felt another orgasm building, but didn't want to cum just yet, so she took her hands from her pussy. She got up and made her way over to the other couch where she took a seat. She leaned in close to Mike and gave his ear a lick. "You are fucking her so good, baby," she said. "It's so fucking hot!" She pressed her lips to his and kissed him deeply.

"Fuck me harder!" Natasha encouraged. "Give me all you got!"

Kelly broke the kiss so Mike could concentrate on fucking the hot redhead. She leaned forward and reached around Natasha's body and began to rub her clit. "Is he fucking you good, honey?" she asked. "Do you like that?"

Natasha slowed her momentum again, making it easier for Kelly to play with her swollen clit. "Oh yeah," the redhead answered, "He's giving it to me so good." Natasha turned her face to Kelly's. "Keep playing with my clit, you little slut! You two are going to make me cum!"

Kelly kissed her, their tongues twining together as Mike kept pounding her. Natasha was moaning through the kiss; Kelly imagined that the girl was getting close to climax. She ran her free hand through Natasha's wavy hair.

After a few minutes, Natasha broke the kiss with a gasp. "OH FUCK!" she cried. "Oh god, you're right on it! Don't stop, Mike! Keep fucking me like that!"

Kelly looked at Mike and smiled. "Make her cum, baby," she said as she kept fingering Natasha's clit. "Make her cum for me."

"OH YES! THAT"S IT! RIGHT THERE! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!"

Kelly took her hand away and sat back to watch Mike finish her off. He was pumping away with everything he had and Natasha was going wild on top of him. The woman was writhing in ecstasy and screaming at the top of her lungs. "FUCK ME! I'M GONNA FUCKING CUM! YES! YES! OH FUCK, YES!"

Kelly watched in awe as Natasha came, her juices spilling out over Mike's cock as he continued to thrust into her. The redhead slammed herself down all the way onto him and started grinding her hips. "I'M CUMMING SO FUCKING HARD! YES, YES, YES!"

Slowly, Natasha ground to a stop. She was breathing heavily and was coated in a sheen of sweat. She reached up and wiped her hair from her face and sighed contentedly. "Wow," she said at last. "That was great." She stood up slowly, sliding Mike's cock out of her dripping pussy, and made her way over to the coffee table.

"It sure was," Mike said and looked at Kelly. He looked a bit troubled, as if he wasn't sure how she felt about watching him fuck another girl. She smiled in response and leaned in to kiss him deeply.

"You were awesome, baby," she told him when they broke the kiss.

"He sure was," Natasha said as she lit a cigarette and took a long drag. "And quite the champ, too. It seems to me like he could keep going for another hour at least."

Mike laughed at that. "I sincerely doubt that," he said. "Actually, I'm amazed I've lasted as long as I have. You two are incredible."

Natasha smiled and gestured toward his dick. "Kelly," she said, "why don't you take care of him? He's worked so hard, he deserves a reward."

Kelly smiled again and took a hold of Mike's throbbing cock. Coated in Natasha's cum, it was slick in her hand and she started stroking it. 

Kelly bent over and took him back into her mouth, tasting Natasha on him. She started sliding her lips up and down his length in a frenzy. She loved giving head and wanted to give him the best he'd ever had right now. She bobbed her head up and down at a frantic pace, pausing every now and then to suck on the head. She stroked his shaft with one hand and played with his balls with the other.

Kelly felt Natasha come up behind her and place a hand on her ass. A finger made its way in between her plump cheeks and touched lightly on her asshole. "How about this, Kelly?" Natasha said. "Can you take that big cock in your ass?"

Kelly pulled her face from Mike's dick and looked at the redhead with a wide grin. "Of course," she said and rose to her feet. "Would you like to see that, honey?"

Natasha took another drag off her cigarette. "God, yes," the lusty girl responded as she exhaled. "I want to see your boyfriend slide that monster into your tight little hole. Get over on that couch on all fours, slut."

With a thrill, Kelly did as she was told. She went over to the couch she had been on earlier and crawled up onto it, swaying her ass seductively. She looked back over her shoulder at the two of them.

Natasha kicked Mike in the leg with the toe of her high heel. "Get to it, tough guy."

Mike rose and made his way over to the other couch. He got behind Kelly on his knees and took hold of her hips. Slowly he pressed the tip of his dick against her ass. She felt the pressure as he began to push forward. After a few moments, she felt her asshole loosen enough to let the head of his cock pop in. She gasped in pleasure once it was in. She didn't allow Mike to fuck her in the ass often; even though she enjoyed it, there was some pain to go along with the pleasure, because he was so big. Now, though, she was so horny, she would allow him to do anything he wanted to her.

"Oh yeah," Mike said in a hush as he started sliding his shaft into her ass. She felt herself opening wide to accept the intruding member and the sensation was starting to drive her wild.

"Yeah, baby!" she said. "Fuck my tight little ass! You know I love it when you fuck my ass!"

With that he started thrusting into her. He quickly got all nine inches of his cock into her and started slamming it in and out. She felt so full with his cock in her ass and she knew she wouldn't be able to last long before cumming again. 

"My, my," Natasha said from her seat on the other couch. She had finished her cigarette and was rummaging through the small gym bag that she'd brought down from her bedroom. "You took the whole thing! Do you like it in the ass, Kelly? When your boyfriend's huge cock is just banging away at your tight little asshole?"

Kelly was now on the verge. "I LOVE IT, NATASHA! HE'S FUCKING MY ASS SO GOOD! OH YES!"

Mike started breathing heavy, a sure sign that he was close to climax. Kelly wasn't quite there yet, but didn't try to slow him down. She had already came once already and had a feeling it was only the first of several orgasms she'd have tonight. Natasha seemed intent on fucking the two of them all night long.

She looked over to the redhead to see what she had pulled from the gym bag. It was a big red dildo, bigger than Mike's cock, and she was strapping it on around her waist. Natasha saw Kelly looking at her and smiled wickedly in response. "Oh you're gonna get more than one cock tonight, baby. Count on that."

Natasha looked so fucking sexy standing there in her sheer bra and pantyhose with a big red dildo sticking out from below her garter belt. She stroked it playfully and eyed Kelly intently. "You want some of this, slut? You want two cocks at once?"

Kelly nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah," she said. "I want both of you pounding away at me. Come over here and give it to me."

Natasha told Mike to lean back and pull Kelly up onto him so that they were in a similar position as when he was fucking Natasha. Kelly placed her boots up on the cushions of the couch on either side of Mike's legs. Her pussy was now exposed to Natasha from the front.

Natasha retrieved a tube of lubricant from the gym bag and applied a generous amount to the shaft of her dildo. She then tossed the tube aside and made her way over. "You ready for this, you little slut?"

To be continued...