 Author's notes:

Warning: This story contains bisexual sex. There is both hetero sex, and bisexual sex between both women and men. If you're not into that, then kindly back out and find another story.

Everyone in this story is over eighteen. I hope you enjoy it. Ratings and comments are always welcome, but please, only if you've read the story. 

I'd like to thank Grania2 for her brilliant editing and advice. Any mistakes remaining are all mine as I've added some after her editing. 

*****

Sex Camp at the Open Lotus Retreat: Chapter two

I had woken up early the morning of our second day at Sex Camp, which surprised me since we had an orgy in our cottage until the wee hours the night before; the six of us sex drunken satyrs and nymphs intertwined like a knot of snakes. On only four hours sleep I felt refreshed and at peace with the world. Unlike my previous impotent self, always putting the sexual brakes on, anxiously worrying about the future and getting things done, even while on vacation, this new self, this purple pill self, was calm, confident, and strong with an achingly robust morning wood. I was surprised that I felt I could go at it again, after all I must have come at least three times last night, but Connie was fast asleep and I didn't have the heart to wake her just for my needs. The birds were chirping and singing loudly as the sun warmed the high desert surroundings. Connie was still slumbering when I snuck out of the cottage in my running shoes and shorts.

I ran up the path towards the sandstone beach; the same place where we'd met Doug and Sue shortly after we arrived the day before. It was only 6:00 AM, I didn't expect to see too many people out and about, especially anyone sunbathing at the beach, so I was taken aback when I ran up the trail and into the beach clearing, there were a couple of couples naked on one big blanket. One guy was stretched out and lightly stroking his hard cock. A woman lay next to him propped up on her elbow. She was talking to him while massaging his balls. The other couple on the same blanket was engaged in some sort of sexual yoga position. He was sitting with his legs crossed in that typical yoga meditation pose, and a woman was positioned on his lap facing him with her legs wrapped around his waist. They appeared to be slowly fucking while staring into each other's eyes. My first thought even for this place, that it was a little bit early for that. The notion that maybe they'd been up all night and never went to bed occurred to me as I jogged by.

I kept running past them up the canyon trail; higher and higher I climbed until the path broke free of the trees into the realm of rock. The morning sun's light warmed the multicolored hues of the rock along the way.

At the top, it opened to a long plateau with magnificent vistas. I slowed my jog to a walk to take in the natural grandeur before me. Around a bend and out near the edge I spied two people on a large flat table rock. As I got closer I saw they were two men, naked and one was sucking the other's cock. At first I felt a flash of revulsion, my old self rising to judge, but then I remembered last night and my own foray into world of male organ worship, and my disgust turned to pleasure as I shamed my old self back into his hole. I walked near them wanting to be a part of their nature worship, but then felt I was intruding and shied away, but not before I received a smile from the two of them. I smiled and waved as I resumed my run.

Back down the canyon trail I ran, past the beach where the foursome was still enjoying themselves, through the tree lined stream side and up to the main lodge. The early morning light bathed the garden below the patio, the same place where Sue came to my rescue and sucked me off last night. The path ran right through the cultivated plants and I slowed to a walk as I observed the many bushes and flowers blooming. The birds were making a riotous chatter as I made my way up the steps to the patio. 

On the patio I saw a group of naked people stretched out on yoga mats. As I neared them I saw they were all masturbating in unison. Dr. Allen himself appeared to be leading the group; he stood in front of the others as they all lay in a supine position on their mats. All the men had erections and where just gently touching and releasing the heads of their cocks with their fingertips. The women were doing the same with their clits, just a gentle squeeze between thumb and forefinger. 

"That's it. Just a pulse and release," I heard Dr. Allen say. "Try to time it with your pulse. Breathe deeply, and slowly; in and out."

As I walked by, I stole a look between his groin, and I nearly tripped over a nearby chair; I was completely distracted by the good Dr.'s third leg. The term 'horse cock' came to mind. I had never seen such a huge penis in my life. Allen himself was hard as a rock and performing the pulse thing he was describing to his followers. 

Gobsmacked, I stumbled away; how is that monster comfortable for anyone's mouth, pussy, or heaven forbid asshole, and how does Dr. Allen himself manage with all that meat between his legs?

The alcohol bar from last night had been transformed into one that served coffee and juice. I swung over and ordered an orange juice and a shot of espresso. As I searched for an acceptable place to sit and enjoy my drinks, I noticed a very large swimming pool on the other side of the patio; I somehow missed that the night before. The pool area was quiet. There was only one naked woman on a lounge chair reading a book. She held it in one hand, while the other was in her crotch with her fingers gently caressing her slit. I sat across from her and admired the gentle masturbatory caressing as I drank my juice and espresso. By the time I was half done with my coffee, my cock was rock hard and straining in my running shorts. With each scene I had passed on my run: the foursome on the beach, the two men sucking cock on the mountain top, the group masturbating on the patio, and now this lovely lady stroking her pussy, I had become increasingly lustful. This place exuded sexual energy. I felt it last night, but even in the early hours of the morning it was palpable. It was easier to keep my lust in check as I was running, but now that I was sitting admiring the view across the way, my rocket was roaring.

With all the nakedness around me, I felt out of place in my running shorts, and the strain in my crotch was getting uncomfortable, so I took them off. I stroked myself as I sat there finishing my coffee. The woman in the lounge chair looked up from her book and smiled at me, and I at her. I thought of walking over to her and seeing if she'd like to get into something, but then I remembered Connie fast asleep when I had left the cottage earlier. She had given me her permission to have sex with anyone at any time while at the camp, but I still felt uneasy about doing something without her there, so I headed back to the cottage. I resumed my jog, and that day I learned that running with a hard-on is not as bad as I had imagined; it felt rather nice flopping around and smacking against my legs as I ran. 

When I returned to the cottage, Connie was in the shower. I pulled off my running shoes and barged in on her.

"Woo-ooh, what do we have here," she cheered as she noticed my hard-on. As I lathered up, I told her about my run and what I'd seen. The shower had one of those tiled benches built into it. Connie pushed me back to take a seat on the bench. She straddled me backwards and without any fuss impaled herself on my hard cock, reverse cowgirl.

"Don't cum, Robbie. Save yourself for later," she ordered. "I'm going to try to just have a mini orgasm, like Leslie talked about last night. See if you can too. If you feel you can't hold back, then let me know before you're going to blow your load, and I'll stop."

That was the first time we've ever done that position, and the first time I've done anything remotely sexual in a shower. My old self, the once a week missionary self, never would have, but this new purple pill self was all in, and loving it. 

I was so randy from the sexual energy I'd picked up from my run that I felt I needed to blow a big load, but I was mindful of Connie's request. Last night Leslie talked about the all day orgasm, mini Os, as she put it, and she also mentioned they were holding a workshop on it this week; there's one for men as well she told us. The six of us discussed it afterwards at the cottage, just before the orgy heated up. Edging, Doug called. He said he practiced it all the time during masturbation. I've never heard of it, but then again, I'm not much of a masturbator. Nate said he didn't think it was the same as edging. 

Connie rode me like that for less than a minute before I felt the urge to cum. I grabbed her waist and pushed her up. She got the hint and pulled off me. Between the sexual high I was on, and the sight of Connie's ass in my lap, not to mention doing it in the shower for the first time, I didn't stand a chance for a long fuck.

"That was quick, Robbie," she said, as she squeezed the head of my cock to quell my orgasm. She held my little head tightly until the immediate urge subsided, and then she sat back down on me. I went about twenty seconds the second time until I was close to exploding, and again she pulled off and squeezed. 

"Let's give it a rest, dear. We'll work on it later. Maybe you should take that workshop for men," she said, as she kissed me on the top of my head. She then rinsed herself and left the shower. I felt like a failure, like I should've known instinctively how to control my new found sexual energy. I also didn't want to disappoint Connie, so I vowed right there and then to learn the mini-O method for men.

As I was just finishing drying off from the shower, someone knocked at the front door of the cottage. "Can you get that, dear?" Connie asked as she was busy fussing with her hair.

I still had a half hard-on when I answered the door naked. I was taken aback to see Dr. Allen at the other side of the door when I opened it. His horse-cock was still hard and he was still pulsing it with the tips of his fingers.

"Hi. I'm Allen Brosky," he extended his hand in greeting; the same hand he just had on his cock. I recoiled at first-instincts are hard to overcome-but I quickly rethought it; everyone here has been checked for any transmittable disease, and if anyone was clean it'd be him. And beside that, I recalled having my own hand and mouth on Doug's cock last night, so I extended my hand to him. "Is this a good time? I don't want disturb you. I just wanted to stop by and introduce myself." 

"Yes, of course. Come on in. I'm Robert. 

"Connie, we have company," I bellowed in the direction of the bedroom.

The living room was still in disarray from the orgy last night. The two king sized sofa beds were pulled out and unmade. Pillows, and sheets were strewn about and wine bottles decorated the side tables and floor. A table lamp had been knocked over during last night's ruckus, it still remained on the floor.

"Sorry for the mess," I attempted. 

"No, no need...I can see you must have had a party here," he said, grinning. "Putting king sized sofa beds in all the cottages was my idea. I'm always happy to see that they were put to use." 

Connie came out of the bedroom naked and I saw the astonishment on her face when she eyed the size of Allen's cock. She blushed as she approached him.

"Hi, I'm Allen Brosky. Pleased to meet you," he said as he extended his hand to her..

"Connie. Nice to meet you Dr. Brosky." He leaned in and kissed the top of her hand, gentleman style. 

"Please, just call me Allen. We're all family here. No need to be formal." 

He resumed caressing and pulsing his hard-on. "Don't mind me. I'm having an all-day-orgasm day. It's a form of meditative masturbation. I can go on and on like this. I do have to let it go flaccid after every few hours or so to avoid priapism, but otherwise, it's a wonderfully rewarding way to spend the day." 

Connie raised her eyebrows and gave me a smile. 

"You should try it, Robert. I run a workshop on it. I held the first one last night, and I'm running another one later this week."

"Is that what I saw you teaching this morning on the patio?" 

"No. That's the sunrise masturbation class. Everyday at dawn on the patio...weather permitting; otherwise, we're in the lobby of the lodge. You should both join us. I use similar techniques in both classes, but the workshop is more an in depth learning experience, whereas in the morning sunrise session, I'm simply leading the group, not instructing too much. You don't need to attend the workshop to join the morning events, but it helps." 

"Is it edging...this thing you teach in your workshop?" I asked him. 

"No, not really. Edging is taking yourself to the edge of the big-O and then pulling back. That's enjoyable too, but much more intense, and sooner or later you'll either get sore or need to cum. This is learning to have many little orgasms without nearing ejaculating. You don't even come close to it. In some men, there can be some pre-lube leakage, sure, but not the ejaculation of the big-O. The goal is to enjoy waves of small mini orgasms. When you get good at it, you can have many small-Os, one right after the next." 

"I was just talking to Robert about that," Connie added. "I was telling him he should take your workshop."

"There's one for women too," Allen replied.

"I know. Leslie mentioned it last night during our workshop." 

"Oh, you must have taken the 'Her First Pussy' workshop. Leslie is wonderful, isn't she?"

"Yes, I enjoyed her very much," Connie blushed. "My husband has the hots for her too."

"Don't we all." Allen then looked at me and said, "I'm sure something could be arranged. Leslie, like most of the staff, enjoys mixing it up with the guests."

Connie started straightening up the living room, and apologizing for the mess.

"Please...no need for that, Connie. I'll just recline down here and relax." Allen lay back on the unmade bed and propped himself up with a few pillows against the back of the sofa. Connie sat down on the edge of the other unmade sofa bed, and I took a seat in the lounge chair facing them. Allen closed his eyes and continued to stroke and pulse his monster hard-on as he talked. 

"So, how are you two finding Sex Camp so far?" 

"It's wonderful." Connie jumped in. "Everything I'd hoped for and more, and we've only been here one day." 

"As I said last night during my orientation speech, I want to get to know all of our guests; intimately, if that's something you'd be up for. You're family now. Everyone who passes through Sex Camp joins the Sex Camp family. I know a little bit about the two of you. I've read your application essay; I read all of them, but with one hundred guests, it's hard to keep everyone's story straight. Give me a little bit of your background and the reason you chose to come to Sex Camp." 

Connie filled him in on our history and prior sex life. She told him about her own desires and how she felt stifled by our marriage as it was, and suppressed by our culture's views on sex. 

"And the workshop last night with Leslie, how was that?"

"Oh, I thoroughly enjoyed that, and so did Robbie," Connie said, looking at me with a grin. She must have been thinking of me going down on Doug. "Leslie taught us a lot of techniques, and she's a darling, and a delicious one at that. It's hard to say what my favorite part of the workshop was. I enjoyed eating Leslie, and going down on all the other women was such a treat too. With each lady I had sex with I got randier and randier. I had six orgasms and was dripping like a faucet by the end of it. But I have to say, the absolute best part was watching my husband suck his first cock."

"And how was that for you, Robert?" 

"Bewildering," I said, not knowing how to answer any other way.

"My husband is part of a medical trial for low libido. He has not been himself this past...well, it's really only been a day."

"Oh, you're on the purple pill? Good to know. I'll have to talk to Dr. Hands about you, Robert. How are you finding the medication so far?"

"I'm more horny than I've ever been in my life. But, at times I'm kinda lost. I have no boundaries anymore." 

"This is your real self coming through then, Robert. Just enjoy it. Try not to worry too much. It will all settle out for you. You're in a safe environment here at Sex Camp to experiment and learn what you like, and what your sexuality can be, once you take the brakes off; take advantage of it. 

"I can see that you had a party here last night. Please, fill me in on the details," Allen asked, with his eyes closed and pulsing his cock. "All the details; I love a good sex story."

Connie started to tell the story of last night's orgy, but was interrupted. "I'd like to hear Robert tell it, Connie. If you don't mind. I want to understand how the medication is affecting his mind."

"Well, let's see...the party sorta started at happy hour," I started.

I then filled him in on the details how we'd met Sue and Doug at the beach, and of my first day on the purple pill and how it caused me to feel as if I was oscillating between my old prudish self and my new sexual urges. And the crippling mega surge of sexual lust I experienced at the happy hour that led to everyone circling around me to shield us from the rest of the people on the patio, while Sue went down on me to relieve me of my overwhelming urgent need to cum. Then I gave him a brief report on what happened at the workshop, and what led up to me sucking my first cock. 

"After the workshop let out, the four of us, Connie, myself, Sue and Doug just started walking together towards our cottage. No words were spoken, but we all knew we were going to have sex together. The sexual tension between us had been building all day. So when Sue walked up to me and took my hand and Doug took Connie's hand, it was as if some grand plan was unfolding. As we headed down the path to our cottage we ran into Nate and Jane, a younger couple who we had met during happy hour. The six of us had gotten along fabulously during the happy hour, so they joined the four of us for dinner. Nate and Jane had signed up for a different workshop than the four of us, the 'Peg It Right' class, so we had lost track of them after dinner." I recalled last night's events.

I closed my eyes and continued ~~~

"We've been looking for you guys," Jane said enthusiastically when she saw us approach on the path. "Nate and I want to party with you tonight. Is that Okay?"

"Of course, honey," Sue jumped in. "You don't mind, do ya-all?" Sue turned to me and then to Connie.

"Yes, please join us. The more the merrier," Connie beamed. 

"We have wine, and a strap-on, courtesy of the workshop," Jane said, as she held up a tote bag.

"Oh, good. Robbie and I purchased some wine from the camp market earlier ourselves, so we'll have plenty." 

I was more than happy to have these two young thirty-somethings join us for sex, but I was also a little surprised that they didn't want to hook up with people closer to their own age. But, then I remembered Jane's quip during the happy hour, that Nate was into older women, and she was also, as well as older men, and it all made sense. So the six of us headed off to our cottage.

As soon as we got inside the girls started pouring wine and the guys pulled out the sofa beds. We made a toast: 'To new lovers and friendships'. The room was dripping with sexual tension. My cock was straining against my pants, and as I glanced at the other two guys I could see they were in the same predicament. Jane was telling us what happened during their 'Peg it Right' workshop, and I could see Sue and Connie hanging on her every word as the lust built in their eyes. I watched as Connie's hand drifted to her crotch through the side slit in her dress, and she started rubbing herself as Jane described how hot it was to use the strap-on on Nate. Soon Connie couldn't take waiting anymore and said, "Why the hell are we still dressed?" and started taking her clothes off. 
