 I heard from Shanni later in the week. She called and we talked for a long while about everything. Shanni told me she had a young daughter, and she was married at a young age and now divorced. She explained how the men she was usually seen with, at the club, were beginning to bore her and she was looking for more action. She said she had a really nice time with me and she looked forward to seeing me again. I told her anytime she was free to give me a call and maybe we could get together. Shanni then stunned me when she asked me to accompany her to the wedding of her cousin this Saturday. I said I would like to go. She said that she would get a sitter for a few hours because her daughter's father would be there to pick her up at around 3pm. 

When I went to pick her up she came out the door as I just started knocking. She looked incredible. She wore a short tight gray dress, satin like, with a dual strap top to it and about half of her back exposed. She wore gray slides and her toenails were painted gray. Her hair was long straight down in the back and looked really sexy. The gray clothes against her dark brown skin looked extraordinary. The wedding was nice and I got to meet a large amount of Shanni's family there. The reception was alive and we danced a good many times, not like we had at the club, but it was fun.

When we returned to her house she asked me to come in for a while. The sitter was in the living room and told Shanni that her daughter's father had picked her up and she wanted to wait around and tell her. Shanni introduced me to the sitter, her name was Sharon but her friends called her Yummy.

After all the introductions Shanni asked Yummy why she was sitting in the chair with a blanket covering her. Yummy said she had a chill and couldn't seem to shake it. Shanni then winked at me and went to turn up the heat around 80(F I would guess. Shanni sat on her stool across from me on the sofa and slyly started opening and closing her legs for me. Yummy didn't see what was going on and Shanni loved that. I started to get hard and Shanni licked her lips at the sight of my bulge. 

Shanni jumped up quickly and playfully grabbed the blanket from Yummy saying that it had warmed up enough in the house. We were surprised when we saw that she only had her bra and panties on under the blanket. Her bra was sheer and her nipples were clearly visible. Her panties were white with the words angel on the front and devil on the back.

"Damn," was all I said as I got a look at this young beautiful girl. Yummy was all of 19 and had nice size tits about 36B's her ass was phat and she had a medium brown complexion. Her hair was above her shoulders and cut in a very pretty style. Yummy was a very attractive black girl.

When the blanket came off Yummy got up to retrieve it from Shanni but she threw it on the floor. Yummy went to playful hit at Shanni but Shanni grabbed her at the arms and spun her toward the center of the room standing on top of the blanket. Shanni then began jumping around imitating the women of the WWF and asking Yummy if she wanted to challenge for the belt.

I saw my chance and jumped in and said, "If you're going to wrestle like the woman of the WWF you can't be in a dress. Those women wear a bra top and panty bottoms."

Shanni was excitedly jumping around and said, "Take if off of me I want some of this young stuff."

I got up and unzipped her dress and she stepped out of it. She had on a gray bra and panty set that matched her dress perfectly. I slapped her firmly on the ass and told her to go get her. 

Yummy who now was really up for the challenge told me she wanted me to be the referee. I said sure and I would be very impartial. 

Shanni said, "Not like that, you better take off those good clothes and get down to your shorts to play with us.

I quickly stripped down to my shorts and got in the middle of the makeshift ring. I raised my hand and said lets' get ready to rumble. The girls both started circling around the ring. Shanni went towards Yummy and playfully grabbed her around the waist. She moved her toward the chair and was behind her trying to throw her down. With all the tussling, Yummy's bra strap slipped off of her shoulders. I had to stop them as the referee because they were out of the ring, off of the blanket. I told each to go to a neutral corner. Shanni gave me an evil eye because of the position she had Yummy in. I deceptively grabbed Shanni ass and told her to get her down. Shanni wasted no time when the game started again. She ran to Yummy jump on her and took her softly down on the blanket. Shanni was lying on top of Yummy and both women were laughing. 

Shanni then stretched out on top of Yummy and worked her legs open. She lay in between her legs and began grinding into Yummy's pussy. Yummy's legs came open and she moaned. Shanni then took this time to take that long tongue and stick it in Yummy's mouth. She held her head still and deeply kissed her. Yummy didn't know what to do but I knew she liked the feeling. Shanni deliberately worked Yummy into a frenzied state. She knew how to rub her snatch on Yummy's to make it feel really good.

Shanni broke the kiss and sexily said, "We're going to fuck you rough and hard Yummy. Ryan has some good dick and I'm sure you will enjoy it. I love pussy and I have been wanting yours for some time now."

Yummy hissed, "I don't know about thissss, I've never been in a situation like this before, two people."

Shanni stuck her tongue in Yummy's mouth and took control. She knew Yummy couldn't deny her with her tongue in her mouth. She continued to mesh pussies with Yummy making her moan. Shanni's tongue was still deep in Yummy's mouth when Yummy relented and eased her arms around Shanni's sexy body. Shanni then began humping into Yummy and moved her head down to work on her breast. Shanni opened Yummy's front closure bra with her expert mouth and tongue and quickly went to work on her nipples. Shanni really had her going and dipped one her fingers in her own cunt and made Yummy taste it. Yummy was quickly loosing control of herself and Shanni knew this. Shanni eased herself off of Yummy's lower body and straddled her stomach area. Shanni looked back at me and told me get my cock out and stick it in her pussy first. She said this was to assure that it was lubricated enough to enter tight Yummy. I came up behind Shanni and moved her panties to the side and slide my dick into her. Shanni stuck her ass higher in the air by arching her back and returned her lips to Yummy.

Shanni then began to verbalize the fucking, "Ryan's dick is so big and fat I love it. He feels as if he is splitting me in two. I'll only let him fuck for a few strokes so he can give you a good working over."

Yummy said, "Be gentle, I haven't had many dicks in me before." 

Shanni turned and said to me, "Stick your cock in her she's ready. Enter slowly so she can feel every inch as it invades her tight young snatch. Keep her panties on, I want her to remember how we do it."

I regretfully withdrew from Shanni and pushed Yummy's panties to the side and entered her tight cunt.

"Ohh he is big," Yummy mouthed.

"But you like his cock don't you Yummy," Shanni asked?

"Yes, it feels good, fuck me Ryan, I'm ready to be indoctrinated," Yummy responded.

I picked up the pace and started working Yummy over. I began long stroking her cunt, pulling almost all the way out and slamming back in again. Yummy was making sounds that were very unusual. She went from moaning to screaming to groaning. Shanni then switched positions and reversed her body. Shanni had Yummy's head in her lap and was kneeling looking at me fuck Yummy. She then started narrating the action. 

"Look at that nice big black dick entering your tight little young cunt. He's putting all of his cock in you. I love the feel of that dick and I know you do to. Ohh, look at the way you're thrusting back against him. Mmmmm Yummy you can really fuck. I want you to cum on his cock baby," Shanni said.

Shanni reached down and stroked Yummy's breast. She was rubbing a nipple between her fingers and massaging her tits. Shanni squeezed Yummy's tits hard and told her to cum now.

Yummy screamed, "I'm cumming Shanni, I'm cumming. I'll soak his cock."

Shanni took this time to say, "Yummy you are our toy, you will do what we want when we want. Your body will be our playground."

I looked at Shanni and knew this was her normal mode. Taking control and being in charge.

When Yummy had finished cumming, Shanni laid her head down leaned over her body and gave me a nasty open mouth kiss with that long tongue going everywhere over and in my mouth. Shanni then placed her panty covered pussy directly over Yummy's mouth and made her lick at her panties.

I was still fucking Yummy rather hard and knew I would cum soon. Shanni sensed this and told me to cum inside of her. I shot my load deep in Yummy with Shanni grinding her snatch on Yummy's mouth. I withdrew my cum covered cock from Yummy very slowly. Yummy just laid there on the blanket and Shanni and I stood up. We stood over her body and kissed passionately. 

Yummy eventually got up and started looking for her things. Shanni told her that we would keep her bra and panties. Yummy went to the bedroom got her clothes and came back to say goodbye. We all locked into a triple kiss, which ended with Yummy and Shanni kissing deeply. Yummy even grabbed Shanni's panty clad ass as she was sucking on that long tongue.

Dressed in a sundress and sandals and no underwear, Yummy went to the door to leave.

She turned and said, "I hope my mom is not upset, I should have been home over an hour ago."

Yummy waved goodbye and we both looked at that nice body exit through the door.

Shanni sat on her stool and I walked up between her legs. I told her that it was the best time I have ever had. She smiled and said this was only the beginning. I bent down and gave her a kiss. She stuck that tongue in mouth and I grabbed her ass hard. She raised her leg and wrapped it around my back.

Let me know if there is interest in a part three...

Please vote on this and other stories... 