 This is a continuation of the previous stories about Shanni, reading them first three would be helpful in getting to know the story line. Sorry about all the time in between the chapters............. 

Shanni told me she was going on a vacation with some of he girlfriends to the Caribbean. I was very skeptical knowing her past and what she was capable of doing. I became more relaxed when I considered that no matter what she did, she would always come back to me and I would be taken care of. Heck, with a pussy like hers you have to share sometime.

I took Shanni to the airport and she introduced me to the group she would be traveling. Jenny was one of the girls going on the trip, a friend of Shanni's from work. Jenny was healthy bodied white girl with shoulder length brown hair and nice round tits. She wore a blue crop top showing a good amount of mid-drift and some denim shorts and white tennis shoes. The other girls are friend's of the host girl and Shanni really doesn't know them to well. 

I was surprised to see that Yummy was going on the trip and even more surprised to see her mother Helen accompany her to the airport. 

As Yummy went to get in line to get her boarding pass, Helen walked toward us and gave Shanni a big hug. Shanni hugged her back in such a way that her hands were causing Helen's skirt on her black business suit to ride up in the back, giving me a nice view of her sexy legs. Helen kicked her leg up in the back during the hug making her look too irresistible. 

Helen hugged me next and whispered in my ear.

She said, "With Yummy and Shanni gone for the week I plan on getting some of that dick of yours soon."

I answered, "This is how much I want to fuck you."

I slyly squeezed her phat ass through her skirt and she responded by grounding her big tits into my chest.

Helen retorted, "Yea I can't wait, the sooner the better. You know me."

We broke our embrace and it was time for the passengers to go to the ramp. Yummy was coming back from the ticket counter and she gave her mother a goodbye hug. She came toward me and gave me a tight body clinch. 

Yummy whispered, "I'm gonna have a lot of fun on this trip thanks to Shanni and you opening me up to the world."

I responded, "Have a good time and make sure you see all the islands have to offer."

Next as I went to hug Shanni she said, "Wait Ryan, Jenny's boyfriend didn't wait to see her off he was upset about the trip. She has a fear of flying so could you give her a warm hug to assure her everything will be fine?"

I approached Jenny and wrapped my arm around her hearty body. Jenny hugged me back really tightly.

Jenny mouthed, "Hold me tight Ryan, I afraid." As she was grinding her crotch into me.

I said, "It'll be fine Jenny, the flight should be short and you'll be sitting among friends."

Jenny answered, "I know I'll be OK, I just wanted to see if I could get your cock hard. I saw what you did to Helen and I wanted some of that."

Surprised by her aggressiveness I said, "You little minx, what am I going to do with you?"

Jenny voiced, "You can decide that latter."

She than faced me and brought her lips to mine and gave me deep tongue kiss, moaning into my mouth and slowly opening and closing hers. Jenny broke the kiss, turned, flipped her back and said goodbye.

Shanni quickly came over to me and stuck her long snakelike tongue halfway down my throat. I knew what she wanted, she wanted to taste Jenny still in my mouth. I grabbed Shanni by the ass cheeks and pulled her in closer to me. Shanni started to rotate her hips into me and curled her tongue in a tight circle while still in my mouth. I knew what was coming next but I still was not ready for the amount. Shanni did her patented move and shot an ample amount of saliva down her tongue and in my mouth. She broke off the kiss and turned to leave for the ramp.

I took a good look at her as she was leaving and it was a sight to behold. Shanni was wearing a white backless halter top that stopped at her navel and white jean shorts rolled up so high you could just about see the dark cheeks of her ass. She had on the highest white slides I have ever seen and shook her ass extra hard as she knew I would be watching. Her nipples were hard from all the playing around we were doing. 

Shanni turned and yelled, "Ryan I left a surprise for you at my house, stop by on your way home and get it."

As she left Helen and I exited the terminal together and walked to the parking garage. We were both parked far away and we reached Helen's car first. I was still aroused from the terminal games and needed an outlet. I pinned Helen against her Volvo's front drivers side door and worked my hands up her legs. I was moving her skirt up along with my hands and got no disapproval from her. When I felt that she had only pantyhose and no panties I knew what I had to do.

I dropped down to my knees and placed my face directly on her snatch. I began to eat her pussy through her pantyhose. A few people came by but not many as we had parked so far out. Helen covered my head with her black business skirt and began riding my tongue. I had poked a hole through her pantyhose and was now tasting pure pussy.

Helen cooed, "Mmmmmm, that feels so damn good."

She lifted her legs, one at a time, and sat them completely on my shoulders, with her body being supported by the car. I reached her clit and lightly nibble it. I then went to her exposed pussy lips and sucked each one independently. I worked my tongue deep inside her mature cunt and spiraled it in a circle. I covered her whole pussy with my mouth and sucked; I used my nose to rub her clit. She started to move more violently and start to shake.

Helen mouthed, "I'm cummminnnngggg, Ryan, I'm cummminnnngggg right on your face. Eat my cunt, make me feel it. Yesssss. OOOOOOOhhh, that felt sooo damn good to cum in your mouth."

I got up from under Helen's skirt and stood up facing her. I leaned forward and stuck my tongue down her throat, being sure she got a good taste of herself. Helen's arm went around me firmly and her pelvis was beginning to rub my leg. I had to stop this or we would start over again. I released Helen and told her I would talk to and/or see her soon. 

I remembered what Shanni said about a surprise at her house so I made that my first stop before going home. I tried to guess what the surprise could be but could not think of a thing.

As I entered Shanni's home, with the key she had given me to keep an eye on the place while she was gone, I didn't see a thing. I anxiously walked to the bedroom and was greeted to my gift. Lying on Shanni's bed was her friend Keva, wearing Shanni's forest green colored bra and panty set that had a sheer lace topped bra and a thong panty.

Keva said, "Hi I'm Keva, Shanni asked me to look after you while she is gone. Now take out your cock and let me welcome you properly."

I remembered what Shanni had told me about Keva, a real freak, and quickly did what I was asked. I walked toward her and she took my cock in her mouth fast.

Keva's body was impressive, long slender legs and thin taut hips and a perfect size 36c chest. Her complexion was that of an almond, a light brown sister who was built for fucking. Her dark hair was pulled back in a ponytail that stopped in the upper part of her back. And oh how she could suck dick. 

Keva took the head and licked all around it. She then licked the underside of my cock and tongue teased my balls. Next she engulfed my cock from the side and moved from the base to the head like that. Once reaching the head Keva swallowed almost all of my eight inch member into her mouth and then just as fast let it come out again. She repeated this process a few more times until I was on the brink of cumming. Then she would slow down and let me recover and start the whole agonizing process up again.

When she was ready she said, "Now it's time you get some of this pussy. Take off all of your clothes and sit on the edge of the bed."

I did just that and remembered that Keva got around a lot and I put on a condom that I fortunately had in my pocket.

Keva said, "I told Shanni I would take care of you and that's just what I gonna do."

Keva moved her thong to the side and sat down on my cock, facing away from me, in one swift move. She started to ride up and down on my dick and when she was on a down swing and had all the dick in her she would turn circles with her hips.

Keva stopped abruptly and said, "I can't feel shit with that thing on, and yanked my condom off my cock, she then sat back down on it before I could say a word.

"Yes, that's more like it," Keva stated, "I need to feel cock entering my nasty cunt."

"Damn, you are wet as shit," I said.

"I know, and you wouldn't have felt it with that rubber on, now take my tits out of this small confining bra and pinch my nipples hard," Keva demanded.

I took out both of her tits and gave each nipple a hard squeeze. Keva wanted me to continue squeezing them as I fucked her. Keva was throwing her arms in the air as she rode my dick and humming almost singing aloud. She had such pussy control that I could feel her squeezing and then releasing her cunt muscles as she rode my dick. 

Keva asked, "Tell me before you cum, I have a little treat for you."

Keva then sat back and starting moving her hips back and forth on my cock. Once she would take all the dick in her pussy she turn her pelvis in a spiral and work the dick into every part of her.

That time was quickly approaching. I told Keva I would be cuming very soon. Keva jumped off my dick and got on her knees between my legs and opened her mouth wide. 

She said, "Now milk that fat cock of yours and pump that hot cum down my throat."

I took hold of my rock hard dick and jerked it toward Keva's mouth, I shot the first spurt of cum directly at the target, the second and third just missed hitting her lips and chin. The next three I purposely shot at her chest and Shanni's too small bra. Keva swallowed all the cum in her mouth and licked it off her chin and lips. She rubbed the cum on her chest into her skin like lotion and then sampled some of it. 

Keva stood and walked to the middle of the bedroom where she broke into a sexy dance. Still dressed in her bra, with her tits sticking out the top, and panties, Keva looked absolutely sexy dancing around the room. Keva licked her lips as she danced and stuck out her ass. She was going all the way down to the floor with her ass facing me and then back up again. Keva used one of Shanni's hairbrushes to simulate her being fucked, it was one of the nastiest things I have ever seen. 

Keva and I did many things together in that apartment over the next five days but that will be told at another time.

Shanni came home and filled me in on what happened in the islands. She told me how licentious Yummy was while she was there and all the things she did. She also told me about Jenny.

Jenny was dressing in some really slutty clothing with her tits hanging almost completely out and shorts that barely covered her ass. She said Jenny was simulating giving some locals blowjobs while on the dance floor. Shanni told of how hard Jenny would get their cocks and then leave them there. Shanni told me of how Jenny would walk around their room with just her bra and panties on and tease her mercifully. Once while Shanni was lying on the bed watching TV, Jenny came over to her and stood with her pussy just inches away and talked to Shanni about how big the guy's cocks looked on the dance floor. Shanni had to repay her and like always had an idea. Shanni said that Jenny would be at work the next day and would be there alone. We were to go to her office and take care of business. 

The next day as we arrived at her office, she was on the phone.............................

The complete details of what happened at the office will be told by the author MINIFUN look for it, it will be worth the wait.................

Please give me some feedback on this and any of my stories, I would love to here it.................

Please vote on this and every story.....................