 Shanni called me and said she was no longer going to see those other two men. She said she let them go and they understood. Of course I didn't believe they would just understand and made her tell me how she broke it off with them.

Shanni said she invited each one to the club on Thursday night and told each one when they arrived. She said she would have one dance for a final parting. She led both to the dance floor at the same time and that's where she started telling me the story in detail.

Shanni began and I listened, "I lead both guys to the dance floor. I let one guy dance in front and the other dance behind. I was wearing my back-less black blouse with my black mid-thigh length sweeping skirt. And yes, I had on a pair of thongs, they were white. The guys surprised me on how fast they got into a rhythm. I could feel both hard cocks on my pussy and ass and was truly loving it. The dance floor was packed so we were hidden from the club staff. Soon hands were on my ass and my tits were being rubbed, I was being attacked by these two men and was virtually helpless. The guy in the front pulled my skirt up and the guy in the back took the opportunity to take out his hard cock and rub it in between my cheeks. The guy in the back then freed one of my tits and the guy in the front starting sucking on it. 

I was in ecstasy and would have been fucked right there if I hadn't got a hold of things and stopped the performance. I put my tit back in my blouse and pulled down my skirt. I turned and gave each guy and long deep tongue kiss and told them good bye. I knew something like this might happen so I had asked a friend of mine to come along. I called her over to the action and she eagerly took my place in between the two guys. This girl is a real freak, her name is Keva and she loves to do anything nasty. She had on a halter top dress that was tight at the hips and stopped just below the thigh. The guys had her dress up to her waist in no time and took her bikini panties off and through them into the crowd. They quickly had Keva in the air with the guy in front fucking her and holding her legs and the guy in the back holding her by the arms and feeling her tits. I smiled and gave Keva a long tongue kiss and told her to have some fun and left the club."

I asked Shanni did she hear what happened to Keva after that and she said the guys ran a gangbang on her at home. I asked why I haven't met Keva yet and Shanni told me you will, and make sure your dick is rock hard because she doesn't like foreplay just straight fucking. Get down to the dickin' as soon as possible.

I told Shanni how incredibly hot she was for being in a situation like that and not letting herself get fucked. Shanni said she was saving her sex games for me and asked to see me at the end of the week.

Friday came and I planned to go to Shanni's home after work. She said her child would be with the father and we were free to play all night long. I arrived around six and we ordered some pizza and just kicked back and relaxed for a while.

We were startled by a knock at the door. Shanni opened it and was surprised to see a woman of about 45 years dressed in a nice royal blue business suit. She was upset at something and we soon found out the lady was Yummy's mother and she was very upset at what happened to Yummy at Shanni's house. Shanni let her in and I got a good look at her. She had a very shapely figure with curves in all the right places. Her tits were big, I could see that from the suit, probably about 38d's. Her ass was phat and her legs were sexy. She stood around 5'8" and had a medium build with long hair. She had a medium to dark brown complexion, not as dark as Shanni, she was a beauty and both Shanni and I knew it.

Her name was Helen and she wanted to know exactly what happened and how. I was nervous but that all seized when Shanni walked pass me to go the bedroom and slyly turned up the heat on the thermostat. Shanni went to get the blanket and laid it out on the floor to demonstrate how the wrestling started. She asked Helen to stand and get on the blanket, but to take off her shoes. 

Shanni said, "We were just playing around wrestling and I guess one thing led to another. I'll show you."

Shanni then ran quickly over to Helen wrapped her legs around her body and took her down on the mat (blanket). This was not easy since Shanni was wearing tight jeans and a short crop top. Once down Helen was so shocked she just laid there. Her business suit coat had gotten a little twisted and ample cleavage was showing. Shanni just bent right down and started sucking on the exposed portion of her breast. Helen tried to protest, but Shanni shoved two fingers in her mouth when she did and Helen began to suck on them like a baby. Shanni left a mark on Helen's dark breast and told her she would like to see how she would explain that to her husband. Helen was rendered helpless and Shanni took control. 

Shanni voiced, while approaching Helen's mouth, "We're going to fuck you just like we fucked your daughter Yummy. She had some good pussy so I know yours is better."

Shanni then locked mouths with Helen and stuck that long tongue deep inside. Helen gasped at how deep that tongue entered into her mouth. Helen's eyes closed as Shanni tongue fucked her mouth. Shanni's hands were working Helen's body over and she was grinding forcibly into her cunt. Helen was hers and mine.

Shanni ordered, "Stand up Helen, let me look at that sexy body."

Shanni, still on her knees behind Helen, slowly lifted up Helen's skirt. She was pleasantly amazed to see Helen not wearing any panties just pantyhose.

Shanni said, "You came over here without any panties on, I think you wanted to get fucked. You are just like your daughter, a hot ass freak. Well we will give you what you want and you better tell your daughter when you get home how we fucked you just like we did her."

Shanni then placed her face between Helen's ass cheeks and licked her hose clad cunt from behind. That long tongue came from the back all the way to the front and tickled Helen's clit. Helen looked down between her legs and saw this impressive site and rolled her head back and just enjoyed. 

I took this as my cue and quickly stripped and approached Helen with my cock swinging freely as I moved. I grabbed Helen tightly and found her hot mouth with mine. I kissed her deeply and played in her mouth. As I was kissing Helen, Shanni had ripped a slit in Helen's pantyhose and began rubbing my cock against Helen's very moist pussy. Helen melted in my arms with all the passion. Shanni moved from behind Helen, and I walked her over to the stool. I eased Helen onto the stool and quickly got between her legs. I looked directly into Helen's eyes as I shoved my cock into her awaiting pussy. Helen tensed up some but released as I worked in and out of her cunt. Helen's legs opened more and I drove deeper into her. Shanni came up beside us and gave me a kiss.

Shanni said, "Devour this pussy, fuck her so hard she has no choice but to come back for more. Cum in her too, maybe she will know then who pussy this is."

Shanni kept her face close to ours, her hands were on my ass and on Helen's ass. She was pushing us together. Helen still had her suit coat on, I unbuttoned it and freed her of that confinement. She had on a very sheer lacy blue bra that barely contained her big tits. I could see the mark that Shanni left on her chest and it made me harder.

Shanni started, "I love the way Ryan fucks other women. Once he fucked me I knew I would share him with as many women as I could. After I let him fuck other women, he gives it to me raw, and I just can't get enough. If you do good we will make you part of our clique. Now open those sexy legs as wide as you can and take all the dick."

Helen cooed, "Yes, fuck me Ryan, do me hard. Fuck me like you fucked my daughter Yummy. Tell me my pussy is better than hers; tell me I fuck better than she does."

Shanni started again, "You came in here acting so upset, you weren't upset at us for fucking Yummy, you were upset because we didn't fuck you first. Well since we got you and Yummy, I may go and fuck your husband to make the family complete. You would like that wouldn't you?"

"Yes, my husband has a big cock too, and I'm sure he would just love to put it in you," Helen answered.

I said, "Yea, my baby Shanni loves big cocks, and she can suck the shit out of a dick."

Shanni stuck out her long tongue and we both sucked on it from either side. I grabbed Helen at the waist and slid all the way into her. I couldn't hold out much longer and Shanni knew it. Shanni told me to come deep in Helen. I let go spurts of hot cum deep in Helen's womb.

"Yessssssss, I'm cuuuummmming too," Helen shouted.

I came in Helen and Shanni quickly pulled out my cock and got down on her knees and sucked me clean. She then came back up to Helen and placed her tongue in Helen's mouth. Helen was tasting a mixture of hers and my cum and she seemed to like it. 

After the kiss, Shanni asked Helen and me to sit on the blanket in front of the stool. Shanni then began her show. She took off her top and was not wearing a bra. Her dark tits were magnificent, her darker almost black areolas were a sight to behold. She rubbed her tits and played with her nipples until they were rock hard. She eased out of her jeans and surprised us both. Shanni had on panties that read angel on the front and devil on the back, they were really tight on her phat ass.

I knew immediately they were Yummy's panties from the other night and Helen began to suspect the same thing.

Shanni ended her guessing by saying, "I see you recognize these panties as belonging to Yummy. Well they are hers and I wore them for a surprise for Ryan, but with you here it makes for a bigger surprise. Come up here and smell Yummy's and my pussy juices together. I didn't wash them after we fucked Yummy so you can still smell her sweet scent mixed with mine. I'm going to get you to love the taste of pussy."

Helen got on her knees and slowly approached the stool. When she got near Shanni's pussy she stuck out her tongue and gently licked the panties. She then licked again and started to nibble on them. The sight was incredible for me. There in front of me was my baby Shanni with her legs open sitting on a bar stool wearing a very tight pair of panties, probably two sizes too small and a beautiful older women Helen between her legs licking her out and still wearing only a pair of panty hose with a slit in the crotch exposing her cunt.

My cock got rock hard and I moved up to Helen and eased myself into her. She wiggled to let my cock in and opened her legs to allow me maximum access. As I started to fuck Helen I noticed Shanni smiling down at me. Shanni grabbed the waistband of her panties and pulled them up further into her snatch. That made her pussy lips visible and soon Helen was sucking not only the panties but Shanni's pussy also. I picked up my pace and began entering Helen harder and harder. Everytime, I would push into Helen, she would go deeper in Shanni's pussy. 

Shanni loved this and let both of us know by saying, "Yea Ryan, that's it baby, fuck this bitch hard so her tongue can go deep in my pussy and make me cum. Yes, she loves dick, we found us a real freak."

Shanni grabbed hold of Helen's hair and held her face in position until she started to cum.

"I'm cuming baby, her tongue is making me cum. Cum in her pussy the same time I cum in her mouth," Shanni voiced.

I couldn't hold out any longer and shot several spurts of cum deep in Helen's pussy. Helen rocked her ass up and down to totally milk my cock of all cum. I grabbed her hips and pushed my dick in to the hilt. I stayed in her pussy until my cock had completely deflated. As I exited her she left Shanni's cunt and turned toward me for a kiss. We locked lips and soon found ourselves locked together on the blanket in a deep hug and kiss. I was lying on my back with Helen on top of me. My hands were roaming all over her body and on her pantyhose covered ass. She was grinding her snatch into me trying to get my cock to harden. Shanni saw this and told Helen to get her things it was time for her to go. 

Shanni then got down on the blanket with me and laid with her back on my chest. She put her dark ass cheeks on my dick and tightened them around me. I began to get hard. The sweat on both our bodies was mounting and Shanni got turned on by it. Shanni then raised her legs in the air and took her hand and placed my cock at the entranced to her asshole. 

Shanni said, "Put that big thing in my ass, I haven't had any butt fucking in a long time."

I slid in her ass and she opened up her cheeks with her hands to allow access. I pushed the head of my cock through her sphincter and entered into her cavern. I played with Shanni's tits as she played with her pussy. 

Helen came back into the room and saw the activity taking place and uttered, "Ass fucking, ooooh how I miss that. I know that dick feels good in that tight ass of yours. I can't wait to feel it in mine sometime soon."

Helen then stepped over us, lying on the floor, and said good bye. We both looked up her skirt and saw her pussy through the slit in her pantyhose. My dick got really hard seeing Helen's pussy and Shanni liked the increase. As Helen left, I came in Shanni's ass. 

I knew from that point on I would spend the rest of my life with Shanni and I would be fucking Helen for a long time.

Please let me know if there is interest in a part 4, and please vote on this and all stories...