 My first male-female-male threesome happened with two guy friends, Mike and Joe. It's a bit unusual the way things came together but it couldn't have been a better first for me. I've always been aroused by watching DP on porn and it's always made me want to touch myself until I would cum hard and uncontrollably. 

Mike is one friend I've known for a few months. I met him at a bar with his girlfriend, Celeste last fall. Conveniently, the bar was in a hotel and all three of us went back to their room for some fun. Celeste and I took turns with our mouths on Mike and then he asked permission to enter me. Celeste guided his cock inside of me and we quickly learned that there's a lot of compatibility and matching sexual energy and openness. In fact, Mike and Celeste have an open relationship. He's very much into her but there are some types of fun that he and I are into and she's not. Celeste lets Mike play and then come back to her. They're so secure in their relationship. They allow each other to indulge in their carnal pleasures and then they relay the events to each other, which makes their own sex life even hotter. Mike and I have played together once or twice alone. We talk often and support each other's sexual ambitions. Actually, it was his idea to initiate a threesome with him, me and another guy. I like that he put me up to it. I welcomed the challenge of finding just the right third, and Mike was equally as picky for me. He cared enough to make sure I didn't settle. It's a very unique friendship we've formed. Mike has told me when he's jerked off thinking about our hot romps. I can see how Celeste benefits from all the sexual tension. I know for a fact that he gets off on her exploits too. 

Joe was just the right new friend that helped make this long time fantasy of mine come to life. I always wanted two men at once. I find the thought of three people together, naked and turned on to be so hot. I still get flushed when I picture two sets of hands on my body. And two faces kissing me. And there's no hiding a man's excitement over my naked body. Just one man's erect phallus can get my clit hard. Seeing two at once sends me over the edge. Sucking and fucking them would be gravy. 

My requirements for partners were seemingly simple. Good looking, in shape, respectful but not clingy. Oh, and they each had to have a nice cock and good stamina. It took a long time but after careful selection, Joe, Mike and me formed the right dynamic.  

Before meeting Joe, I dated a few single men who fell short of my requirements. One guy I dated was physically fit and very open but turned out to be way too dramatic and he ended our dating over a text message. He told me he was still in love with his ex. Another guy was very nice. He was respectful, tall, blonde and handsome but largely unavailable because of work. Joe proved himself immediately by making himself ready when I asked him. He said he was open to anything that turned me on. He was all about fulfilling my needs and fantasies. We were honest with each other and that was hot.

I heard about Joe through mutual friends, Bob and Darlene. Though I hadn't met him in person until the night of our MFM, I felt like I knew him well. Joe and I text messaged each other and talked on the phone for a while. Plus, our mutual friends showed each of us lots of each other's pictures. I could tell Joe had a real sense of adventure and authenticity. His pictures were genuine and showed his interests in music and parties and travel. I could also tell he spent lots of time at the gym. He told me he could tell I cared about my body and appearance too. He loved seeing me in sexy lingerie and pretty makeup. 

Because of work and personal commitments, me and Joe hadn't been able to get together for a month or so. That month gave us time to get to know each other through email and virtual communication. We video chatted but he never presumed to undress in front of me. He was very respectful. I liked how in sync we were. I would have been offended by dirty talk before meeting. Joe never crossed that line until I indicated it was okay. We never put expectations on each other except to meet up and take things into our own hands if it felt right. Until then, we discussed some other important things. I told him right off the bat I wanted a friend to have sexual fun with. Specifically, I told him about having a three way with him and Mike. He loved the idea! Neither of us was looking for monogamy or a serious relationship. But Joe was looking for a woman like me, who knew what she wanted. He wanted someone sexy and confident, who could share sensuality with him and teach him how to pleasure her. I was that woman, that NSA friend. I could tell by his actions that he was very interested in me. I also knew he had the body type I liked. Darlene assured me I would be very happy. In between the time that we were virtually introduced and the time we met, I felt secure Joe was the right choice to play with Mike and me.

I normally don't have sex with someone until dating at least a few times but going out to dinners in this circumstance felt like it would be a waste of time. Instead, I went with my gut and planned to spend a whole night with Joe in a hotel. If anything went wrong, I had friends very close by who knew where I was, aside from Bob and Darlene. I also had my own car if I needed to get away and I knew Mike would come by if he was able to. 

What I loved about both guys is that even though they're straight, they wouldn't mind their swords crossing if it turned me on. I love that type of security in people. I also knew from experience that all of us play safely and get tested often. Since I'd been with Mike, I knew I found him physically attractive and virile. He's well endowed but I knew since we'd already done it, I could take him in my ass. There was that time I was feeling lonely so he came over and cured me of my affliction. On that occasion, we practiced having sex with him and a dildo in my pussy simultaneously. Then, he took my ass while he pleasured me with the toy in my cunt. Mike assured me I was ready for double vaginal and or dual penetration. 

I knew Joe was hung too. I'd seen a picture with a tape measure wrapped around the girth of his erect cock. It measured 0-6. I don't know his length but both guys are blessed with nice equipment. Even though I am petite at 5'1, I wasn't nervous about either of their sizes. I know Mike doesn't hurt me because he always starts out slow, fighting himself not to cum in me. Then, he works his way up to a pounding within an hour or two. He has excellent stamina. He also makes the use of condoms very sexy. After giving him some of the best blow jobs he's had in his life, he looks at me and tells me he's going to put a condom on so he can stuff my pussy with his throbbing cock. 

I also heard from Darlene that Joe was a wonderful lover. I knew she'd taken Joe and Bob and another guy all simultaneously. She was in a position I have yet to experience called "airtight", where she's taking a man in her pussy, ass and mouth at once. Getting airtight is on my list of things to do. 

Since Joe lives a ways away from me, I had him book a hotel room near me on a Saturday night. I told him to pack some items to make the night flow. He assured me I would love what he put in his goody bag. I was not disappointed when I saw the bountiful contents. I was very pleased. 

I had been in touch with Mike all that week and he knew I'd be with Joe that night but he didn't know if he'd be able to make my fantasy work. He said he'd try to reschedule a conflict. In my heart of hearts, I know that Mike always comes through for me. I wasn't too worried. If Mike weren't able to make it, I'd have fun exploring with Joe. 

I had plans to meet him at the hotel around 8:30 that night. On my way over, Mike texted me he was on his way too. When I arrived at the hotel, I saw Joe texted me the room number so I could go right up. I relayed the same information to Mike. I knew I'd see them both soon and I was completely ready. My nipples were hard and my sex was damp with anticipation.

I was wearing a black tank dress with a patent leather belt around my waist but I was also wearing a black leather waist cincher with red satin straps underneath. I actually have a small waist but aesthetically it was fucking sexy. I had a black, lacy bra on and matching panties too. My hair was done in large curls and my lips were red. I had on my black patent leather stilettos. I was freshly shaved and clean everywhere and prepared for whatever the night would bring. 

I arrived on time to the hotel, parked and walked in. As I passed the concierge, I overheard she was on the phone with a guest ordering champagne glasses. Since I had the room number, there was no reason for me to stop and converse except to ask where the elevator was. The concierge acknowledged me, quickly finished her phone conversation and directed me to my destination. I found the elevator and went up to the fifth floor. 

As I stepped out of the elevator, I saw Joe in the hallway. He was dressed casually but he still looked very handsome. Instead of any awkwardness between virtual strangers, it felt as if we were old friends seeing each other again. He helped me into the room. He put my overnight bag down for me and excused himself to get some ice. While he did, I hung up my coat and put my belongings in place. I excitedly and quickly took in the room. Joe knocked on the door as to not startle me and he let himself back in. He set down the ice bucket and a bottle then came back over to me. We hugged and kissed each other and then he took measures to make me feel even more comfortable. He said he wanted to pour me a glass of champagne but didn't bring his own glasses. He told me two glasses were on the way up and that's when I told him Mike would be coming for a while too. He said: Cool! And we left the door partially ajar. 

Joe and I sat down on the bed and began to kiss but not undress since we were expecting both Mike and the glasses very soon. After a few kisses, he retreated and I liked the sight of my lipstick on his face. He seemed very eager for my attention. We were in anticipation, not knowing which would come first... Would it be the glasses or Mike? It was an exciting moment when a couple minutes later, we heard a knock. Joe got up to answer the call and I was relieved and excited as he let Mike in. I jumped up in happiness to see my friend and greeted him with a hug and kiss. He hugged me tightly and kissed me too.

Joe offered Mike a drink and explained the glass dilemma. Mike politely declined and sat on the side of the bed. I sat on Mike's lap and he held me at my waist. I felt very comfortable and very aroused anticipating what would happen next. My skin tingled every time I was touched. Joe approached me and he bent down towards me for another kiss. After a brief but deep kiss, I instructed Joe to pull down the straps of my dress. When he did, the top of the red satin bow was exposed and they both became physically and visibly excited. They may have been hard before but that's when I noticed. Since I was wearing a bra and a waist cincher, I unhooked my bra but didn't let Mike remove it. I told Joe to take my bra off. Once again, he did as he was told and put it on the chair. I unbuckled Joe's belt and unbuttoned his jeans, which he stepped out of. He pulled down his underwear and I began to suck on his fat, swollen cock. I used my hand to grip the base as I couldn't possibly take it all in my mouth at once. 

Then, we all heard the last knock on the door. Since Joe and I were partially naked, and I was giving him a blowjob, Mike stepped into action. He got up from under my lap and answered the door discretely to retrieve those damned champagne glasses! It was at least amusing more than anything. It was very thoughtful of Joe to bring champagne and order glasses to drink it out of. I knew he was sweet and thoughtful but he still managed to surprise me. I looked on the nightstand and saw all the other supplies we could possibly need for the night. I saw condoms, lube, a pink vibrator and a game to play. The game included a blindfold, wrist restraints and a tickling toy. I was very excited. I think Joe wanted me to tie him up but there were no bedposts on the bed.  

Mike came back to me and Joe and we somewhat recomposed so we could toast the evening with a drink. Joe opened the champagne and poured some for Mike and me in the glasses and used a water glass for himself. After a sip or two, Mike removed my dress and panties. He put them on the chair with my bra. My shoes and corset stayed on. I felt completely electrified. Mike began to disrobe himself and then I started licking and sucking on his dick. He told me to get on my knees and take turns on them both. I took Mike in my mouth on the left with Joe in my hand on my right. Then I switched. I took them both deep in my throat alternately and my jaw opened as wide as it could, especially for Joe. When I give head, it makes me extremely wet. I enjoyed nearly choking on their big dicks and forcing them down my throat. The action caused my pc muscles to tighten. It was a type of reflex that happens and it felt really nice, as I know it to be a cue that an orgasm is on the way. And then Mike instructed me to take both their dicks in my mouth at the same time. I didn't know how that was going to work but I attempted as best I could. Both their tips intertwined with my tongue, lips and cheeks. They tasted sweet together and my saliva covered them each. I could taste the precum from both men trailing from my mouth and one cock to the other. Mike told me to look up as he grabbed my hair. I loved the look in their eyes, on their faces admiring their hot, dirty slut who was not only willing but who really wanted to get stretched, fucked and used to the max. I felt like that girl in the porn movie. I felt like the star of our show. 

Joe picked me up by my waist and I put my arms and legs around him. He laid me down on the bed gently as if I weighed very little. I was impressed by his strength! He put his head between my legs and went down on me. I felt his tongue go for it's target and I was so hot with Mike watching that I came in minutes! I was so aroused. Even though Joe was really, really good at eating my pussy, he didn't have to do it for very long. Mike was lying on the bed next to me as Joe was making me orgasm and I held Mike's cock tight, even harder as I came.

After a body shaking orgasm, Mike asked me if I was ready to get fucked yet? And who did I want to take first? 

I said "Joe of course!" 

I obviously wanted Joe first because I hadn't had him yet. This was the answer everyone wanted to hear. Joe grabbed a condom and quickly put it on. He then picked up my legs and entered me. It was a tight squeeze to take him and then he started fucking me hard. I had to tell him to slow down. He complied and then found my rhythm over the next few minutes while Mike stuffed his cock back in my mouth. It's a good thing I had his dick to suck on and mute the moaning I orchestrated. It was an involuntary symphony between the three of us, although I'm sure I was the loudest.

I told Mike "I want you now" and he quickly got up and put on a condom. I was nearly breathless. 

While Mike got ready, Joe retracted his erect penis slowly from my body and ate my pussy some more and then made me cum again, easily. I squirted on the bed and left a wet spot where his head was. They both marveled at it and Mike delivered one of his affirmations to me. I'd hear him say "Atta girl" several times over the course of the next hour or so and I knew I was doing a good job. 

Mike got on his knees and I turned around to take him from behind. Joe came around to the front of me near my head and face. Mike showed Joe how I like to start slow and steady but in the doggy style position. Mike can last a very long time but he's very sensitive to every push, squeeze and pulse my body has to offer so he paces himself. It's really all too hot. I love fucking Mike because he can tell how far or close to cumming I am. Joe enjoyed watching me as I started trembling with an orgasm. I was jerking him off while I licked and sucked his balls. I felt Mike grab the ties on the back of my waist cincher as he built up to a faster pace. I was taking him so deep that his balls slapped against me. All that stimulation from in front of my face and deep inside my pelvic region made me collapse in a pant and left me trembling with euphoria. Both men looked very pleased. Their eyes were shining in amazement and I felt a satisfied smirk across my face but I felt I needed a break. I came a lot and needed to rehydrate.

Joe handed each me and Mike an iced tea and he took one for himself. I was so impressed how he overlooked nothing. He really did care about every detail and me. Both of them do which is why all three of us made such a good team. It was the opposite of a degrading experience. They both cared most about maximizing my pleasure and enhancing my comfort. 

After a few sips of iced tea, I got up to use the restroom. I wanted to take off my corset and put on something else. I also wanted to put lube in my ass. I was ready for the next installment of this incredible night. 

I unhooked the waist cincher from the front and untied the red satin bow. I tucked it into my bag and reached back in and pulled out a black fishnet dress and a packet of lube. 

I carefully stepped into the dress, as I still had on my stilettos and I ripped the lube packet open and squirted some on two of my fingers. Surprisingly, my ass was quite relaxed. I thought of the girls in the dirty movies, enjoying their partners' cocks and that was enough for me. I washed my hands and stepped back into the bedroom. Mike and Joe were waiting for me jerking their hard cocks in their hands. 

"How do you want to do this?" Joe asked.

"I think I better go in your ass." Mike announced before I could answer. 

We were all amused because Mike has a very big cock but Joes might even be bigger. At least, Mike and I did anal with each other before.

Mike got on his back on the bed and I sat on top of him, facing outwards. I slowly guided his cock in my lubed up ass. He had a fresh condom on already for me with some other lube on that he brought. He slowly began to fuck my ass and I heard him utter another "Atta girl" which amused and comforted me... especially when he slowly worked his way all the way in.

"Are you ready for me?" Joe asked and I nodded yes. I may have uttered an mmm hmm. I was too wrapped up in pleasure to speak. I leaned back against Mike's chest and he steadied me from behind. Joe entered my wet pussy and got his legs in the right position. The DP felt as amazing as I thought it would. We succeeded for a few minutes all together. It was remarkable as they both pumped me and I submitted to their dual pleasuring one final time. 

After so much fucking, I was nearly maxed out. I told Joe to pull out and cum for me. 

"Where do you want me to cum?" he asked. 

"I want you to cum all over my face." I replied. Still with Mike in my ass, Joe pulled out, took the condom off and in a matter of seconds, shot a thick, creamy white load of his spunk all over my face. 

"Atta girl!" I heard Mike say as he was still fucking my ass. And then he said "I'm ready to cum soon too after I pound your pussy one more time. That okay?" he asked and I said yes. 

Mike came out of my ass and I reached down to touch my dripping pussy while he put on one last condom for the night. He went in me and fucked hard. I enjoyed another build up again but inadvertently pushed him out of me with my pussy muscles and he couldn't fight any longer. He leaned over my mouth, took off the condom and immediately sprayed a huge load all over my face and tits and some got in my hair. 
