 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 6 - A Hero for Our Times

(Author's note: this Bowser story is based upon true events.)

"Cindy, get a blanket!" I yelled as I jumped into the ditch. I picked up the child, who was a little girl that could not be much older than my daughter Carole. She was barely clothed and was soaking wet and muddy. Her body felt cold, and her pulse was barely there.

Bowser walked with me, whimpering, as I carried the little girl towards the SUV. Cindy met me halfway with the blanket, and wrapped it around the girl. Bowser began barking.

"She's hypothermic." I said. "We've got to get her to the Hospital, right away. You drive her there while I get some people to this crime scene. And put everything you recorded into the evidence servers."

"Roger that, sir." Cindy said. As we put the girl into the backseat of the SUV, Bowser jumped in and began whimpering as he tried to get under the blanket.

"I see what he's doing." I said. I unwrapped the blanket and Bowser nestled himself next to the girl to share his body warmth. I covered them both in the blanket as Cindy got in the driver's seat. I closed the doors and she took off.

I got my radio out and called in to the Duty Desk, telling them to send Patrol cruisers, and to get Sergeant Grover to the scene immediately.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

As she sped to the Hospital, Cindy had the SUV-cam recording what was in the backseat. Bowser was snuggling with the little girl, and was licking her face to clean her up. Cindy heard the little girl faintly say "Doggie", and hope surged through her that the little girl would be okay...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

There were now several Police cruisers on the side of the road, their brilliantly bright LED lights eerily illuminating the field. Then the vehicle carrying Sergeant Grover and his handler arrived.

"Okay," I said to the handler as I petted Grover, "I need for Grover to find the scent of the little girl we found here, to see where she came from."

"Yes sir." said the handler. He had Grover go into the ditch. Grover promptly came out and went over to me and looked up.

"Not me, Grover." I said, realizing Grover had picked up my scent in the ditch. "The other person. Hey Bill, have Grover sniff on the other side of the ditch." The handler had brought out a handmade wooden bridge, which was placed over the ditch, and he and Grover crossed. 

On the other side, Grover picked up a scent. He began walking in an zig-zag line, but one leading up to the houses on the other side of the field.

"Sir, how did you find that girl?" asked Rudistan as we followed Grover and his handler.

"You'll never believe me if I tell you now." I said. "So I'll tell you later when I've got the video to back my story up. For now, I'll just say that Police Dog Bowser has done it again."

"Nothing surprises me any more, sir." said Rudistan. "Nothing gets past you -or- your dog!" I barked a short laugh, but I really wasn't in a humorous mood right now.

Grover came up to a fence that protected the backyard of a house. The back gate was open, and the dog went right on inside. But once he sniffed around, he began whimpering.

"He does that when he's got the scent, but is overwhelmed by it." said the handler. "This is probably the little girl's backyard, and she's been running all around it."

"All right, guys!" I called out to the Patrol Officers that had followed us. "Let's go to the front door, and a couple of you cover the back door. Rudistan, you got your video camera?"

"Yes sir." said Sergeant Rudistan. "I've been taping since Grover started following the trail."

"Outstanding." I said. "I fear that there may be more children in danger, which is my probable cause for this. Okay, let's go."

Going to the front door of the house, which was on Cone Street, I knocked on the door. There was no response. There were two small windows high up on the door, and I strained on my tiptoes to see in. I saw a couple, a man and a woman, in a hazy room lying on the sofa and a chair.

"Looks like they're drugged out." I said as I began jimmying at the door with my red crowbar. "All right, guys, you know what to do."

Uniformed Officers went in first. I knew Rudistan would tackle me to the ground if I tried to go first. They quickly subdued the couple, who were indeed whacked out. The smell of marijuana was almost overpowering.

A quick look around showed me we were in the right place. A couple of pictures of a blonde girl about my daughter's age were on the mantle of the fireplace; it was the girl we'd found in the ditch.

"What the fuck are you cops doing?" snarled the man, drunkenly. His brown hair was combed to every side, like the Beatles would style their hair half a century before. He had a thin mustache and something of a goatee-like beard. The woman had dirty blonde hair and was beginning to put on weight. They were both in their late twenties, was my guess.

"Where's your daughter?" I snarled. "Where is she?"

"Jerry, where's Marie?" the woman asked, almost in a stupor from the weed she'd been smoking.

"She was crying so I put her out on the back porch until she stopped." said the man, also very stoned. Two Officers hurried to the back door.

"You got any other kids?" I asked. "Anyone else here?"

"No," said the woman carelessly, "that little troll is the only one."

"No one on the back porch." said Patrolman Hicks as he came back into the room from the kitchen and back door.

"I'm not surprised." I said.

"Where is she? Marie!?" the woman said, beginning to sober up, and to get worried. A bit late for that, I thought to myself.

"Oh, we found her, and took her to the Hospital." I said, my voice colder than the outside temperature. "And we're taking you to jail. Sergeant, take these slugs to Police Headquarters. Get a Crime Lab team here, and to the ditch outside."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Detective Joanne Warner pulled up in a Police cruiser. "Captain Ross called and told me to come here." she said to me.

"Take a look around." I said. She did so as the Crime Lab teams processed the house. They'd found considerable quantities of marijuana and various pills. I then took Joanne outside and along the field to the spot where little Marie had been found.

"Oh that's so awful!" Joanne said, a look of shock and sadness on her lovely face. "How did you find her, sir?"

"You'll never believe this, but Bowser got agitated at home, and led us here." I said.

"Oh, I believe you, sir." Joanne said. "Bowser is such a great dog!" I remembered that she had been at the scene when Bowser outed the Consultant of Crime.

"Yes, yes he is." I said. "And tonight he is a hero, the hero we need but do not deserve." I was quoting a line from one of the 'Dark Knight' movies.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"She's going to be all right." said Cindy, as Joanne and I came up to her in the Hospital an hour later. "Hypothermia and dehydration."

"She's a lucky little girl." said Dr. Morgan, coming up to us. "The hypothermia was very advanced; she was rigid. You found her just in time. The dog snuggling up with her under the blanket really helped warm her back up, too."

"Speaking of the dog, where is he?" I asked.

"In your SUV." Cindy said. "I left him there when I brought her in."

"I'll be back." I said. "Captain Ross, show Detective Warner the unbelievable footage you shot tonight."

I went outside to my SUV. Bowser was in the backseat, lying there quietly. He perked up when he saw me.

"Hey, boy." I said. "You okay?" Bowser jumped out of the SUV and went over to some bushes, and did what dogs do... marked his territory with a considerable liquid barrage, having been an excellent dog and held it while he'd been in the car...

Part 7 - Law and Disorder

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" yelled the lovely redheaded MILF reporterette from in front of Police Headquarters. "In an unbelievable story, a little girl owes her life to a hero Police dog!"

Bettina continued: "This footage, taken by Police Captain Cindy Ross, shows Sergeant Bowser of the K-9 Corps, owned by Commander Donald Troy, alerting the Officers and guiding them to where little Marie Saint was found in a drainage ditch. Marie, who will turn four years old in May, was suffering from hypothermia and dehydration, but is doing well and is expected to fully recover." 

The footage was fascinating to watch, and everyone was in awe of Bowser. After it was over, Bettina said: "The ensuing Police investigation led them to the nearby home of Jerry and Linda Saint, where a considerable quantity of drugs were found. The Saints were arrested and are being charged with child neglect and several drug offenses." Bettina said. "Child Protective Services has also been contacted, and Channel Two News has learned that Marie will not be returning to that home."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"What an awesome dog!" Joanne Warner exclaimed as everyone watched Cindy's video again via the television DVR. All of the Detectives heartily agreed, especially the father of the dog's owner, that being me as the father of Carole's dog. Even Chief Moynahan got a bit misty-eyed as he watched.

"I need not say, Commander," he said to me, "that a nomination for a medal will be appearing on my desk sooooon."

"Yes sir, it will." I said. "By the way, sir, what are the rules for K-9 Corps awards? Can I put Bowser in for the Lifesaving Medal?" The Lifesaving Medal was for saving someone's life outside of the line of duty. It was hard for a Police Officer or a Fireman to get a Lifesaving Medal, as we'd have to be off-duty, and also because even when off-duty, serving the Public was still our duty.

"I'll check on the reg-u-lay-shuns." drawled the Chief. "But that is just amazing that that dog knew something was wrong and even got you to the right place. Now how do you explain that, Commander?"

"I don't, sir." I said. "I don't even try."

"It was the Lord's will, sir!" said Joanne. "Through Him, all things are possible."

"Sir, do dogs go to Heaven when they die?" asked Theo Washington, possibly as a dig towards Joanne.

"How can Heaven not have dogs?" I asked. "If Heaven does not have dogs, I don't even want to go there. Any Heaven of mine will have awesome dogs in it."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

When little Marie Saint had awakened fully, Cindy had been there and had calmed the girl.

"Where's the doggie?" Marie asked.

"His owner took him home." Cindy said. "But we'll arrange for you to visit him when you're all better." That made Marie smile with happiness.

The Police videographer recorded the interview as Dr. Yates talked to little Marie Saint. Dr. Yates had then been called in, and used his expertise in trauma psychology to keep the girl calm while finding out all about her. Cindy was disgusted by the story she heard: her father had put her outside on the freezing cold back porch with little clothing and told her she couldn't come back in until she stopped crying. She said she knocked on the door but nobody opened it. She didn't remember much else until she woke up in the backseat of a car with the doggie.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"The good news," said the Child Protective Services official, "is that Edward and Stephanie Steele had applied to foster a few months ago, and they'd contacted CPS about taking in the little girl." Cindy was very happy to hear that, and when the Steeles came to the Hospital, Cindy introduced them and said they were going to take care of Marie.

"What about Mommy" Marie asked.

"Your mommy is in a lot of trouble, Marie." Cindy said. "She can't take care of you, but these very nice people will take you to their home and take care of you. And we'll bring the doggie to see you." That made Marie happy.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Jerry and Linda Saint." said Joanne Warner as we sat in Classroom 'E', 'we' being me, the Chief, Lt. Masters, David Krueger... and Captain Cindy Ross, who'd just got back from the Hospital with good news about Marie's improving health. Also with us was Christopher Purvis from Vice, who was assigned to the drug-related issues of the case. 

"He's 30, she's 28." continued Joanne. "Married two years. Marie may not even be his daughter, but we'll have to get DNA testing to show that. In any case, they've been part of the Punk scene for a while. Apparently they'd leave Marie at home alone while they went and partied at the Cub Club. She's on welfare, and has been since before Marie was born. We don't know where he's getting his money."

"Give me three guesses and I'll bet I'm right on at least one of 'em." I said. Everyone chuckled.

"No doubt, sir." said Christopher Purvis. "We've had Mr. Saint on our radars as a possible drug distributor in the Tenderloin District for some time. And the drugs that were found last night... they're still being tested, but Lt. Perlman believes the weed is a particularly potent, enhanced crop that is beginning to show up in more and more places, and the pills are very strong versions of amphetamines and heroin compounds."

"They were really high last night." I said. "I am not surprised to hear that their drugs were more potent than usual. I can't wait to see their bloodwork numbers."

"It sure was enough to make Jerry completely forget about Marie once he put her outside." said Joanne, her pretty face still showing anger. "It really is a miracle that she's still alive."

"Around here, we do not believe in miracles," I said, "we rely upon them." Cindy laughed.

"That's one of my father's sayings at his seminars." she said.

"If he needs proof, I have it in the form of a very good dog." I replied. "Okay, David, let's get the Mouseketeers to work on Jerry and Linda Saint, especially Jerry, and see what we come up with. Maybe we'll have more miracles, and get a link to the expected incoming shipment this weekend. Okay, who interrogated these slugs?"

"Chris and I went in to do that, sir." said Joanne. "They asked for lawyers immediately, and they're getting separate attorneys. She's getting H.J. Lynch from Chase, Lynch & Berry; and he's getting Nathan Masterson from some law firm in the City."

"Wow, Masterson?" I asked. "He works for the Big Boy law firm over there, Captain Ross."

"Yes sir, he does." Cindy replied, getting my hint. The 'Big Boy' firm was Gresham & Mason.

"O-kay." I said. "Then let's go to work." Everyone got up to go. The Chief asked me to come to his office.

"Soooo, Mr. Crowbar," the Chief said in his office after we were seated, "why did youuuu not go in to interrogate those suspects?"

"I delegated and let my Detectives do it." I said. "And of course, I knew they were going to lawyer up. They'll take the Fifth just as soon as the lawyers get here, too." 

What I did not say is that I was working with the Steeles to get in front of Child Protective Services to get custody of little Marie. That went well, thankfully.

"Probably so." said the Chief. "Okay, you are officially a busy man now. Get back to it."

"Yes sir." I said, and got out while the getting was good.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Your Police Commander violated my client's home and her rights." shouted H.J. Lynch, who was in Interrogation-1 with his client Linda Saint. "He entered her home without a warrant, threatened and intimidated her, and took her child from her."

"Stop shouting at us," warned Joanne Warner, "or I'll throw you into a holding cell. My Commander acted on probable cause, we have the videotape that shows he did not threaten nor intimidate anyone. The child was not taken from her, but was found nearly dead in a ditch a hundred yards away from her home. Now, I have some questions about the drugs found in the home."

"I'm taking the Fifth." said the woman. "I ain't answering none of your fucking questions."

Nathan Masterson was at least more cordial. He simply gestured to Jerry Saint, who said "Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, I'm not answering any questions."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Paulina Patterson appeared in my doorway. "May I come in?" she asked. She had Tasha in her arms.

"Sure." I said.

"Where's Helena?" Paulina asked, handing me my daughter, who cooed as I kissed her little forehead.

"Oh... she's taking the rest of this week off." I said. "Personal matters to attend to. So, how's my girl? Over a year old, already!" I said, more to Tasha, who smiled brightly.

"She's doing awesome." said Paulina.

"I do wish you would bring her over more." I said. "Carole loves her to death when she sees her."

"I know." said Paulina. "But... well, you know how it is. Laura and Molly are good sister wives, but I don't feel like I want to be a part of something like that. I definitely want you to be part of your daughter's life, but we're our own family."

We'd had talks of this kind several times. I knew Paulina had been affected by all the racial tensions, including the high school near-riot the previous Autumn, as well as the situations with Krasney, Jenna, and the whole D.A.'s Office. As a result, she'd pulled away from my family, and I was not seeing Tasha as often as I'd like to, and nor was Carole and Jim and Ross and Ian.

"Yeah, I know." I said. "So, what's up?"

"It's about the arrests last night." Paulina said. "Lynch is going to make a Motion to Sever." That meant that the Saints would not be handled through the Court system together, but their cases would be severed, i.e. separated, and treated individually. 

"He also is really going to hammer you on not having a warrant when you went into the home." Paulina said. "While you said on camera what your reasons were for probable cause, it may not hold up very well."

"There is no way that girl is going back to those filthy slugs." I said, trying to keep my voice calm for Tasha's sake. I now understood why Paulina had brought my daughter into the room.

"No, we're good on that one." said Paulina. "But you're going to be on the stand during the preliminary hearing, and Folsom is the presiding Judge."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 2:00pm I took the witness stand. I'd put on my Duty Dress jacket over my light blue Uniform shirt.

Paulina tried hard, leading me through questions to show my thought process.

"So you found the girl in the ditch after the dog alerted you to where she was?" asked Paulina.

"Yes." I said.

"What was the girl's condition?" Paulina asked.

"Objection, calls for speculation. The witness is not a medical doctor, nor qualified to give medical judgments." said H.J. Lynch.

"Your Honor," Paulina shot back, "Commander Troy is very familiar with human physiology and forensics, is Red Cross certified as well as further trained to be a first responder as part of his Police duties. He is more than qualified to answer the question."

"I'll allow the question to be answered." said Judge Folsom. "Objection overruled."

"The girl was suffering from hypothermia." I said. "Her body was very cold, and she was barely breathing and barely had a pulse."

"Your Honor," said Paulina, "I'd like to enter into evidence this medical report from the Emergency Room doctor who treated Marie. It will confirm what Commander Troy just said, and it will also show that Marie was very near death when she was found."
