 Kay sat nervously in the boardroom as the panel of five interviewers filed in. Comprising of three ladies and two men, the group settled down around her on the oval table.

Interviews, especially job interviews, were not a favourite of Kay's but she had no real reason to be nervous about this interview. She had the job in the bag.

She looked her interviewers over, decoding them by what they wore and how they looked. Were they married? All but one, the skinny middle aged lady that wore glasses and a straight pleated skirt, had a wedding ring around her finger. Were they fashionable? No. None of them were. They were all dressed as you would expect from a not-for-profit organisation. The unmarried lady seemed to be the boss of the group as she was the first to speak.

"Thank you for coming in Kay," she began "Let's start with the introduction shall we?"

Kay nodded and waited.

"Well I'm Mary Carter and I'm the day manager of Enigma House, to my left is Harry Norbett who is the manager of accommodation services for the western district," Harry nodded, "Then we have Lynn Applefield who is our personal services manager, George Hoffman our community representative and Deidre Ferguson from the local council."

They all nodded in unison.

"Pleased to meet you," Kay said.

The rest of the interview was like any other she'd been to. They fired the usual questions at her about her experience and qualifications and it wasn't until the end of the twenty minutes that the position became interesting. Up until this point the idea of having to spend five nights a week looking after a group of young misfits in a crisis home was losing its appeal.

"Before you make your decision," Harry Norbett said, "We think it's important that you know what happened to our previous supervisor."

"We have decided to tell you because you would have found out soon enough," Lynn Applefield added in. "The residents aren't well known for their disgression."

"Our last supervisor was discovered having a relationship with one of the residents," Harry said.

Kay nodded and looked at Harry Norbett who raised her eyebrows at her.

"That is not only appalling from a moral viewpoint, but also totally objectionable from a professional one," Kay had them, she could tell from their smiles.

"How did this possibly come about?" Kay asked. "Mrs Carter found them," Lynn Applefield said, "She came in late one night and found them in the couples room."

Harry coughed and said "Kay, we will be taking back to the board a recommendation that you be employed as the Night Supervisor at Enigma House beginning in two weeks, that's if you're still interested that is," Harry nonchalantly restacked his paper work.

If there was one thing that interested Kay, it wasn't the job. It was the possibilities that being in a house full of young, horny men and women brought. It was the possibility of wild sex that interested Kay. The job was just a diversion.

"I'll take it," she said as she rubbed the fake wedding ring on her finger.

-----

In one hour, at 7.00pm, her first 12-hour shift began. A roster of four days on, four days off were perfect for Kay. She pulled the old gold ring she'd bought from a garage sale and slipped it over her finger. The board, for some reason, had wanted a married person for the position but had not wanted to see a marriage certificate or even meet the partner. A gold ring was all that they needed.

The house was larger than expected and located in a pleasant street complete with white picket fences, clipped lawns and barking dogs. The only difference between this house and the rest was the sturdy security system that was in place.

Kay looked up at the security camera and smiled. She had been asked to arrive a half an hour earlier for a look around before starting work but had decided to come even earlier to show her enthusiasm.

She pressed the buzzer and waited...and waited...and waited. She could hear voices and people running so she pressed the buzzer again. This time she was successful.

"Hello, is that you Kay?" A familiar voice came through the intercom.

Kay just nodded at the camera.

"I'll get one of the boys to let you in."

Kay waited and heard the thud of footsteps down the hall. A silhouette of a man appeared behind the glass panels before the door opened.

"Hi," the young man said, "I'm Tim."

Kay looked him up and down before shaking his hand. He was wearing nothing more than a pair of footballl shorts and a white, loose fitting singlet. He looked flustered and snuck a look back up the hall before ushering her in.

"I'll see if Mary can see you at the moment," he said before he walked ahead of her down the hall. Kay checked out his nicely toned body and wide range of tattoos.

They passed two bedrooms on either side of the hall before they came out into a large living area with a kitchen and dining area to the left and bathrooms and toilets in another section of the building set discreetly to the right. The living area had a L-shaped lounge, a red ottoman with a Playstation on it and a large TV. Behind the kitchen was another set of rooms which Kay surmised, quite correctly, were the offices.

Sitting on the lounge was another shirtless lad starting a Playstation game and sucking on a can of coke.

"She shouldn't be long," Tim said as he sat down. "This is Rick," he said nodding at the bleached blonde lad with the Playstation. "Rick the Prick to his mates."

Rick looked up and gave her the once over. A quick glance at Tim and a raised eyebrow was all it took for Kay to know they fancied her.

She wandered over to check out the kitchen and sneak a look into the offices. Mary was nowhere to be seen so Kay went back to checking out the kitchen. Within minutes she heard the click of stilettos on tiles and Mary, dressed in an extremly conservative outfit of a pleated skirt, blouse and jacket, strode into the room.

"You're a little bit earlier than I expected," she said as she walked across the room.

"I thought I'd get you to show me the operation before I start."

Mary put her hand out for Kay to shake and Kay noticed how her hands felt like they'd just been washed. When Mary spun around kay could detect the familiar air of someone who had just had a shower.

"Let me show you around the house shall I?" Mary asked, and without waiting for an answer, she led Kay back up the hall.

"These rooms on the left are for the male residents. We have seven at the moment," she motioned towards the first door on the right. "That room is for the female residents of which we have only one at the moment."

The door to the right was open slightly. "This room we allocate to any couple that we need beds for."

Kay looked into the room and saw a double bed, all ruffled up, in the middle of the room.

They turned and went back into the lounge room and to Kay's surprise, another lad was sitting on the red ottoman in the middle of the room. He looked around after Tim and Rick nodded in our direction.

"That is Jake," Mary said.

Jake stood up and walked over. He was a strong, stocky lad of about 18 and also heavily tattooed on his arms and shoulder. He strode over and grabbed Kay by the hand.

"How ya goin'," he said. "I'm Jake."

"Jake the Snake," Rick the Prick called out.

"Fuck off Ricko." Jake laughed as he shook Kay's hand.

Kay noticed immediately that he too had that just showered feel, and smell, to him. Mary was in the kitchen putting the kettle on and Jake called over to her. "I'll have a coffee."

"Coffee what?" replied Mary.

"Coffee pleeeease," Jake whined sarcastically.

Kay wandered over to the kitchen to help out and when Mary leant forward to get the mugs out from under the bench, she saw another side of Mary Carter. A tattoo, of some ornate Celtic design, was displayed on the small of her back between her top and her skirt. Mary Carter was not all that she seemed.

-------

The first few weeks of Kay Cooper's time at Enigma House were uneventful. She slipped into the routine of looking after a group of troubled youngsters all too easily. On average there were four lads staying there and as yet no girls or couples had arrived. On one of her days off though, Kay received a phone call from Mary asking her to work the day shift because she wasn't well. Kay had nothing on that day so she agreed to hold the fort.

She arrived at 8.00am and said farewell to Steve, the other night supervisor, and went about cleaning the the lounge area and tidying the bedrooms. All the residents were out, either at work or training, and she had the house to herself. As she tidied up the lounge room she came across a mobile phone lodged down the back of the lounge. She opened it up and saw that there were three missed messages. Although she really shouldn't have looked, Kay couldn't help herself and justified it by convincing herself she was trying to identify the owner.

The first message read 'Sorry no fun today, not real well.' It was from Mary.

Kay wasn't exactly sure what that meant. Was she having it off with some of the residents but was clever enough to not put any detail in the message? But 'No fun' however, could really mean anything.

'What are we going to do now?' Read the second message from Rick.

Again nothing specific.

The third message was even simpler 'You there J?' was all Rick sent.

There were three possibilities as to who J was, Jake, Jono or Jack. Neither of them were offensive. They were all meant to be at Technical College today and not back at the house until late in the afternoon.

She made herself a coffee and fired up the computer. The internet access was monitored so she couldn't look at her favourite adult sites so she made do with the newspapers.

At 11.30 the buzzer rang and she looked up to see Jake the Snake leaning on the wall. He had a ridiculously large smile on his face and he was adjusting his groin as he stood waiting for the door to open.

"Hello I'm a bit horny here." Jake said into the mic. "Let me in guys."

Poor old Jake, although he is good looking he is incredibly dumb. She now knew what Mary was up to and what she meant by 'No Fun'.

Kay didn't respond immediately because she was checking the booking sheet just to check that no one was due in before 4.30.

She hit the button to let him in and went into the kitchen.

Jake bolted down the hall with his right hand on his groin and slid out into the lounge room. He was smiling until he saw the empty room and Kay waving his phone at him.

"What's happening Jake?" she said as he tried to hide the massive bulge in his pants.

"Oh fuck, what are you doing here?" he jumped onto the lounge and buried his crotch into the back of it. "Where is everyone?"

"Everyone is where they're meant to be," Kay said.

"Fuck, am I in trouble?"

"Well that depends," Kay held up the phone, "If you tell me what's going on I might be a bit leniant, if you don't I'll report you to your supervisor as being away from college without permission."

"But Mary writes us a note."

"Who is us, Jake."

Jake looked down at the floor.

"Jake, who is us?"

"Will they get in trouble?"

"Not for today because they remembered their phones and got the message from Mary."

He looked up at the phone. "Rick and Tim."

"Any others?"

"Sometimes, but I don't know who they are."

"And what happens here?"

"What do you reckon?" he looked at her like she was an idiot.

"I think I know but you will have to tell me."

"Mary," he hesitated as he readjusted his dick. "She likes a bit of.... you know."

"Tell me."

"She just likes to fuck," Jake said as he hopped off the lounge, "Take a look at the pics on the phone."

He walked over to Kay who sat up on the kitchen bench. "I can do that," she said holding the phone away from him.

She opened the images folder and lo and behold came across images of Mary being fucked by the boys, anal, DP, facials, she did it all with a massive smile on her face.

"Any videos?" Kay asked.

"No, my card isn't big enough."

Kay spread her legs slightly to accommodate the growing wetness between her legs. Jake was still half hard and he grabbed at his dick again as he came closer.

"Well the situation now is this," Kay said as she put the phone back down. "You and everyone else is in deep shit. All of you could be arseholed from here immediately."

Jake looked down and out and horrified at the possibility of being kicked out.

"But Jake, like Mary, I'm only human," Jake looked up. Dumb or not, he wasn't stupid. "This could become our little secret, couldn't it?"

"I suppose it could."

"Now all you need do is show me why they call you Jake the Snake."

Kay lifted her skirt higher and spread her legs wider as Jake unzipped his shorts.

"Are you ready for it?" "Just get the fucking thing out." Kay felt her breath quickening.

Jake pulled out one of the biggest cocks Kay had ever seen. It was at least 10 inches long and nicely proportioned thickness wise. He pulled it a few times and it stood nice and proud.

Kay rolled the skirt up around her waist and Jake took two steps closer. She leant back and Jake reached forward and grabbed a hold of her panties. He eased them off her and down her legs. She lowered her arse back down onto the cold kitchen benchtop.

"Before you go sticking that massive thing in me I think you'd better taste what the kitchen has to offer."

Kay spread her legs and revealed to Jake her glistening trimmed pussy. She parted her lips and rubbed her clit as Jake leant forward. Jake no doubt traded on the size of his dick when it came to women because he certainly lacked finesse. He went at her like a starved labrador would to a bowl of gravy.

"Slow down big fella," Kay said as she held his head back. "When we say 'eat me' we're speaking metaphorically."

Jake looked up all confused.

"I mean we don't mean for you to...oh fuck it, just lick me slowly."

Jake went back to licking her cunt nice and slowly. He sucked on her clit and flicked up and down her pussy lips just as she liked it.

He began fucking her hole with her tongue just before Kay lifted up his head and said. "Now you can shove that cock of yours in there."

Jake wasted no time in moving forward and pulling her across the bench towards himself. He kicked his shorts off and rested his cock up against her slippery labia.

Kay leant forward on her elbows so that she could watch it slide in. A translucent glob of pre-cum oozed out of his cock and she licked her lips in anticipation of, hopefully soon, tasting a complete mouthful.

"Fuck that is so big," she said.

Jake pushed is cock slowly into her as she spread her legs wider to accommodate the massive organ. She closed her eyes and dropped her head back as he pushed it in until she could feel it pounding her cervix. She had rarely felt this full with a man's cock before and it was soon after, when Jake really began hammering her, did she cum for the first time at Enigma House.

"Oh for fuck's sake," she whimpered, "Oh fuck this is good, fuck me, fuck me."

Jake was rubbing her clit as he plunged into her noisy wet cunt. "Do you like that slut? Do you like lying here in all your clothes being fucked?"

Kay just lay there in orgasmic bliss, her shoulder length light brown hair spread untidily across the Caeserstone. Her top was still done up, her skirt still on, her shoes pointed at the ceiling.

"Give me that dick," she moaned "Give it to me like you do Mary."

"You want it even harder?" he pulled his dick out. "Get off the bench then."

Kay sat up and slid off the bench, Jake roughly spun her around and leant her over the counter.

"I'll take you like the fucking dog you are," he spat on his cock and pushed her skirt up her back.

He slid his cock easily into her wet snatch and when she looked back at him he slapped her on the arse.

"Slap your little slut's arse," she said, "and then lets see if you can fit that cock in my arse."

He pushed her back down on the bench forcing her face down onto the hard surface.

"I'll fuck every fucking hole in your body."

His pace quickened and he began fingering her arsehole as he plugged her.

Urging him on Kay said "That's right get it ready, spit on it."

Jake pulled his glistening and smooth cock out of her cunt and aimed it at her arsehole.

Kay reached under with her left hand and rubbed her clit as he pushed into her.

The pain was close to excrutiating, for a short moment, but once it was in and he began pounding away another eruption of delight flowed through her body.

"Oh God," she cried out, "that is fucking intense."

They continued on for a while with Jake expertly swapping from cunt to anus. 

Jake seemed to prefer her pussy and as he drilled into her with wild abandon Kay grabbed his balls and massaged them.

"You gonna cum in my mouth soon," she said to him. "I haven't tasted your cock yet."

"Better be quick then," he said as he pulled his cock out. Kay slid off the bench and squatted down on the tiles. His cock quickly entered her mouth. 

"Oh fuck," Jake moaned, as he very quickly shot a stream of cum into Kay's open mouth.

"For fuck's sake," he said as she caught every drop of man muck that spewed from his dick.

His knees shook as he was whacked by the power of his orgasm. Kay held the cum on her tongue before letting the load slip down her throat.

"You are one nasty bitch," Jake said as he squeezed another drop out of his cock.

Kay licked the drop off his knob and said, "You ain't seen anything yet, now this is what you're going to do."

--------

Two weeks later Kay was sitting at the computer at about 11 o'clock one night when the buzzer went off again. She looked up to see Rick standing there waiting to get in. The other two residents Tim, and a temporary resident called Neil, were both in bed so she hit the buzzer and let him. The guidelines of the house insist that on entering that they immediately see the supervisor who checks them for illicit drugs etc.

Rick however took his time coming up the hall and heard a door close before he came into the lounge room.

"What took you?" Kay asked as he sauntered into the room.

Rick looked back down the hall and stumbled on his words.

"Umm it was one of the others."

"Who?"

"Um Jono," he was guessing who would be in the house. Kay knew he was lying and was determined to find out why. But first she would let him continue to fuck up.

"OK," she said smiling at him. "That's fine. Do you want anything to eat?"

"Nah I'm right. I'm just gonna hit the sack."

Kay went back into the office and checked the front security camera. She knew she could rewind the file and take a closer look but didn't know how. She heard a door close again as Rick went about his business and she finally, after about 15 minutes of reading help files, worked out how to rewind the video.

She went back to the moment before he hit the button and she saw nothing incriminating at all. No bags in his hands, nothing. That was until he entered the building and quickly glanced back onto the street. Suddenly a figure dashed into the entry way. Unmistakeably a female figure, her head down trying to hide.

Kay's mind and groin went into overdrive. Rick had smuggled a girl into the house, this was not allowed, so Kay knew she had yet another male member just where she wanted him.

She snuck up the hall towards the room that Rick shared but on the way heard movement in the married couples room. She slowly opened the door enough to see in the reflection in the mirror of a young bottle blonde, with a tattoo on her right arse cheek of a butterfly, naked and bouncing on his cock. She had small boobs that Rick was massaging and she was thoroughly enjoying the shag. Low moans of pleasure snuck out as she tried to keep the volume down.
