 The following events occur three months into my relationship with Shauna.

Chapter 1 - Prologue

Shauna and I are covered with sweat. She is on her hands and knees, face buried in a pillow. I have one hand around her waist and the other gripping as much of her short hair as I can. I am ramming my cock in and out of her pussy with all of my strength and weight behind each thrust. I am 6'2" and weigh about 195lbs. She is considerably smaller, a whole foot shorter and almost a hundred lbs lighter. I watch the way her sexy ass moves every time my pelvis smacks loudly against her soft flesh. I pull my cock out to the tip and shove it deep into her over and over again. She moans and screams but her cries are muffled by the pillow clenched between her teeth. I have never fucked any girl this hard before, and Shauna seems to be thoroughly enjoying it as she fucks me back. 

Chapter 1

Our love making starts sweet and slow with kisses and soft caresses. Shauna is gorgeous and I don't mind taking my time with her. 

Shauna is short, only 5'2". Her hair is naturally dark, but it is currently dyed black and chopped in a short, almost pixie-style cut. Her body is fit, but still soft and curvy with natural C cup tits and a round, firm-yet-pliable ass. She dresses with a pin up girl fashion sense that compliments her hourglass figure. 

As we kiss my hands roam greedily over her body. Then we began talking dirty to each other. Confessing fantasies and turn-ons. We start with small details, but with each confession we become more bold and delve deeper into our most tightly held fantasies. The tension builds over at least an hour dirty talk and foreplay. As our confessions grow more intimate and outrageous our foreplay becomes more intense. 

Shauna tells me about all of the dirtiest things she has done and fantasies she wants to fulfill. I respond in kind with my own stories and hidden wishes. I finally feel brave enough and admit her one of favorite fantasies. I tell her I want to watch her suck another man's cock. 

I am not sure what to expect when the words leave my lips. She simply tells me she loves me and that she would love to suck another man off while I watch. Then she confesses that getting to be a little slut while putting on a show for me is an immense turn on. I can't take anymore. 

I bend her over and slid my cock into her wet pussy.

We are both incredibly turned on. Soon we are fucking as hard and fast as we can. I grab her short hair and pull, forcing her head back and her face upwards. She cries out in pleasure and pain. I take my other hand and smack her on the ass, hard. Shauna yelps in pain.

"You like that, you little slut?" I yell as I spank her ass again. Who cares what the neighbors think. We stopped being quiet twenty minutes ago.

"Oh fucking shit yes! Yes!" She almost screams. "Use me, fucking use me like a whore. Fuck my pussy!"

I continue to ram my cock into her pussy. She is so wet I feel her juices trickling down my balls and dripping onto the sheets.

"That's right, that's what sluts like you are good for...getting fucked. I am using your pussy and you like it, don't you?" I say. I am almost growling at this point.

"Yes, yes...I fucking love it!" she affirms.

"You like it so much that you want another man's cock in your mouth don't you?"

"Yes!"

"You want to taste another man's cum? Are you going to let him cum in your mouth?" I ask, driving my cock as deep as I can.

"Yes, I will swallow every drop," she moans. I will be a good little slut for you."

"You'd like to suck off a room full of guys wouldn't you? Let them all cum in your mouth! That's the kinda slut you are!"

"yes...yes!"

I pull backwards again on her short hair. Her face is pointing straight up at the ceiling now. Her tiny frame is arched backwards. I use my other hand to cup her left breast and squeeze it, pinching her hard nipple. She half moans and half yelps in pain. 

"Fuck me daddy, fuck me!" she screams. Daddy is her pet name for me when we have sex. When she says it in her sweet little voice it sounds less like a response to "Whose your daddy?" and more like "I am a little slut who needs to be punished". I know she is really turned on when she calls me daddy.

"That's what you like? Getting fucked? You want to get gang-banged, don't you?" I am almost screaming it in her ear.

This sends her over the edge. She's been breathing heavy and fast, but suddenly it catches in her throat. She doesn't moan or scream like she usually does during an orgasm. Her body is suddenly wracked with convulsions and the only sound she emits is a throaty "UNGHHH!" sound that comes in time with the waves of her orgasm. I try to time my thrusts with her pussy contractions, pushing my cock in deep every time I feel her pussy muscles contract. I let go of her hair and put one hand around her throat, squeezing firmly. With my other hand I begin smacking her ass repeatedly. 

"That it you slut! Fucking take it. TAKE IT!" I yell. 

Suddenly I get a sensation that begins deep down in my loins. It wells up and I know I am past the point of no return.

"Fuck, I am gonna cum!" I growl

She is almost beyond words, totally lost in her orgasm. But she manages mutter "in me...in me..."

She wants me to cum inside her, which is well enough. Honestly, at this point I don't think I could stop long enough to pull out. 

As my dick begins to throb I bury it in her slick pussy. I push forward deep and hard as my load shoots inside of her. Her pussy contractions milk my cock and I feel my cum squirt several times. As I pump her full of jizz I can feel our combined juices dripping around my cock and down my balls onto the sheets below.

My orgasm begins to fade and I collapse forward on the bed, crushing her underneath my weight. She doesn't seem to mind. My cock is still in her pussy and I know her orgasm is still going strong because I can feel her pussy squeezing by shaft. I slowly push my cock in and out of her while it is still hard. 

Finally, her orgasm begins to ebb. She is moaning now and breathing heavily. I am spent, and with my release has gone all the aggression with which I had been fucking her. 

Caught in the post-orgasmic glow I can see her in such fine detail. Her skin is smooth and covered with sweat. Her curves are lovely and her smell sweet smell mixes with the scent of our sex. She is beautiful and sexy and I think of how lucky I am. 

When her orgasm fully subsides she lays unmoving under me for a full five minutes. She is breathing deeply in through her nose and out of her mouth. Finally, my weight is to much and she tries to adjust her position. I shift my body off of hers and lay on the mattress to her right side. My cock slides out of her pussy and some of my cum drips out with it. Shauna rolls on her side, facing me. I take her in my arms and we hug tightly. 

"Holy shit, I love you" she murmurs in my ear.

"I love you, too" I whisper back.

"Best. Orgasm. Ever" she practically stutters.

"Ditto" I respond, out of breath.

We stay entwined in eachother's bodies for another half hour without saying anything. We are content to be close and share small, soft kisses. 

"That was intense, baby." she finally says.

"Yes" I agree. I am still a little awestruck by our lovemaking

"Did you really mean what you said?" she asks.

"I said a lot of things. You will have to be more specific" I tease.

"About me giving some other guy a blow job. Do you mean it, or was that just talk in the heat of the moment"

"Honestly?" I ask.

"Of course" She responds.

"Well, yeah, its always been kind of a fantasy of mine, to watch a girlfriend suck another guy's cock" I admit. "And especially with you."

"Really?" She asks. "Why 'especially with me'"

"I guess because I trust you. I've never told anyone that fantasy before. And, honestly, you look so sexy when you do it to me..." I try to explain.

"That's very sweet. And very sexy," she replies.

"Would you do it?" I ask. "Actually suck some guy's cock while I watch?"

"I would love to" She replies. "I've always liked being an exhibitionist. And knowing you were getting horny watching me suck someone's dick?. THAT is such a turn on."

"Well, perhaps if the situations arises..." I suggest.

"Perhaps." She responded. "I am sure we could work something out!" She giggles. 

"You are a dirty girl" I say.

"Well, you are a dirty boy!" she responds. "But I want you to know, that even if I swallow some other guy's cum, I love you. You are the one I am going home to, always"

"Thank you. I appreciate that" I respond. "And, you know, it means you just get that much more cock to suck on, huh?" I add with a laugh.

"Well, that part certainly doesn't hurt!" She replies, smiling.

Chapter 2:

The next weekend we drive to a lake about 40 miles outside of the city. We had organized the trip with a group of friends who were supposed to meet us at the lake around noon. Since I was going to BBQ, Shauna and I left early. Our plan was get there at least an hour before everyone else so I could get everything set up before our friends arrived. 

We stop on the way to the lake and pick up my friend Devin. Devin and I have been close for years, and we both play guitar in the same band. Unfortunately, Devin is less lucky with relationships than I have been as of late. He spends the entire drive complaining from the back seat about having been recently dumped by his ex-girlfriend. 

"I am sorry you guys have to hear me complain. It just seems that I have horrible luck with women." Devin says as we pull into the parking area.

"Its okay, Devin" I reply. "Don't worry about it. We are gonna have fun today and get your mind off of all drama."

"Yeah, we have all been through it. Broken hearts suck." Shauna adds. "Besides, I think I know a good way to cheer you up" she adds cryptically. 

I give her a questioning glance and she mimes putting a cock in her mouth, her tongue pressing her cheek outward. I think about this for a moment and give her a shrug and a slight nod. Devin, lost in his own thoughts, stares mournfully out of the window. He is completely unaware of what is going to happen.

I pull the car into a parking spot and we begin unloading our supplies. We have our own little spot at the lake that we like to use. Its a bit of a hike to get there, but since spot is fairly secluded people rarely go there. We set up our chairs under a crop of trees that provide excellent shade and lay out some large beach towels. Devin helps himself to a beer from the ice chest and takes a seat while Shauna and I unpack some of the snacks we brought.

"So...." I say to her, my voice low so Devin can't hear our conversation

"What do you think?" She asks "Should I do it?" She is all smiles and I can tell she is excited at the prospect of making this fantasy come true.

"Well, I don't know. If you want to do it, then I don't mind. Devin is a good friend. I trust him." I reason. "And he probably could use a good blow job right now." I add with a wink.

"That's kinda what I was thinking, too" Shauna replies. "But how do we go about it?"

"I suppose the direct approach is best. I say you just go for it. And you might as well do it now, before everyone else gets here." I say.

"No time like the present, I guess!" Shauna answers.

Shauna takes my hand and we walk over to Devin.

"So, we know you are feeling down Devin" Shauna says. "But I think I may have a way to cheer you up."

"What?" He asks. "Are you going to set me up with one of your friends?"

"Umm...well, I can certainly try to set you up with somebody, but that's not exactly what I had in mind. I was thinking of a...more immediate type of release". Shauna says. Devin gives us a confused look. He is still clueless about our plan. 

Shauna takes the beer from his hand and puts it on the ground. Then she kneels in front of him. She takes his hands and puts them against her firm breasts.

"Woah! Wh..wha..." Devin stammers. Shauna holds his hands firmly, squeezing them against her tits. She is wearing a too-tight white tank top without a bra and very short shorts. She's not wearing any make up and her natural look combined with her revealing clothing is absolutely hot. As sexy as she looks, I don't think it will be hard for her to seduce him into letting her suck his cock.

"Devin, I am going to give you a blow job." she says.

Devin looks up at me. His eyes are wide and full of panic. Still, I notice he hasn't tried to pull his hands away from my girlfriend's tits. I can't say I blame him.

"Hey, what are friends for?" I say in a reassuring tone. "Consider it a gift. Something to take your mind off your troubles." 

"Seriously?" He asks me.

"Sure. Enjoy it. I know you will!" I add.

After getting my approval, Devin turns his attention to Shauna. He begins to kneed her tits. She puts her hands on his knees and and inside his shorts. She slowly begins to move them up along his thighs. Watching her sensual movements makes my cock stiffen in my own shorts. Her hands reach his cock and she begins stroking him inside of his swim trunks. He continues to feel her breasts as she works his cock. He is getting hard. His dick forms a bulge against the thin material. I get a quick jolt of pride mixed with jealousy. Its thrilling to see his response to Shauna's touch. My Shauna.

"Man, your girlfriend has great tits" He says to me. 

"I know, they are amazing aren't they?" I reply to Devin. Then to Shauna I say "You should let him see them"

"Of course!" Shauna agrees. She takes her hands out of his shorts and pulls her tank top over her head. Her breasts fall free and she drops her shirt on the ground. Devin stares at her pierced nipples and I can tell he is impressed.

Shauna cups her breasts and squeezes them together. "Devin, you can suck on them if you want to" She says. She leans closer and grabs the back of his head, bringing him closer to her erect nipples. He takes her tits in his hands. "Oh man, these are perfect" He says to her before taking the left one in his mouth. 

Shauna responds with a moan as Devin sucks and licks her nipples. She grabs the front of his trunks and pulls them down, allowing his hard cock to spring free. She grasps it around the base with her right hand and works slowly up towards the tip and back down with nice long strokes.

Shauna looks up at me and says "He is getting so hard baby. I think I need to help him with that."

"I would be the polite thing to do, sweetie" I answer. I can feel my own cock struggling against my shorts as Shauna leans forwards and licks a bit of precum from the tip of his cock. 

I watch as she runs her tongue slowly from the base of his shaft all the way to the tip before taking it into her mouth. Devin tries to stifle a moan as she works her mouth slowly down his length. She pushes her face forward until his cock is buried in her throat and her nose touches his blonde pubes. I am duly impressed by her skills. She has deepthroated my cock many times but seeing her do it to someone else allows me to admire how sexy she looks while doing it.

Shauna continues slowly bobbing up and down on Devin's hard cock, putting every ounce of her considerable sensuality into her motions. She keeps this up for about 5 minutes and I can tell from experience she is enjoying herself, trying to make it last as long as possible. Shauna has told me many times how much she loves the feel of a cock in her mouth, and it hits me how much she really means these words. She is not trying to make him cum quickly. She wants this to last as long as possible. This realization makes me so horny I begin to fantasize about pulling down her shorts and fucking her while she sucks him off.

But the spectacle is too enticing. I don't want to ruin it. Using every ounce of willpower, I refrain from fucking her.

Devin's cock is now well lubed from from spit and precum. She begins to suck him harder and faster now. As much as she wants to draw this out, I know she also wants to taste his cum. She puts her right hand around his cock and begins to stroke it as slides her lips up and down his shaft. Devin looks utterly lost in ecstasy. He begins to rock his hips back and forth, pushing deep into her throat. I am so turned on now. I know he is going to cum soon. I reach down and pull my own cock out of my shorts and begin stroking it. As I watch her repeatedly swallow my friend's dick I start really jacking off. I want to cum watching them. The whole situation is so erotic I know it won't take long.

"Baby, you look so hot doing that." I say. "You are so sexy" Shauna peaks up at me and sees me masturbating. The fact that I am jacking off while watching her must turn her on because she really begins to work his cock now. She squeezes it tighter with her hand and bobs her head faster, making sloppy, sucking sounds. Devin lasts maybe another minute.

"Oh shit, I am going to cum!" he grunts through gritted teeth. As a guy, I know he is warning her in case she doesn't want to swallow. Shauna responds by speeding up. He lets out groan and his hips buck a little. "AHHHH!" he cries out as he begins to shoot his load in her mouth. Shauna continues to suck him deeply until she has drained every last drop. She finally pulls her sweet, full lips off his cock with a "POP!". She looks up at Devin with a small drop of cum on her chin and a huge smile on her face.

That does it for me. I know I am going to cum right now. "Turn around baby." I say. Shauna turns around and starts to put her mouth around my cock.

"No, on your tits." I order her. She positions herself right in front of me and cups her lovely breasts. "Put it all over me." She says in a sweet little voice. I feel my orgasm build and the cum rush up my urethra. It explodes from my cock. The first shot has enough pressure behind it to hit her just to the right of her open mouth. Her tongue darts out immediately to lick it up. The next four spurts coat her chest and tits. I continue stroking and milking my cock until every bit of cum has dribbled onto her breasts. 

I am spent. Shauna looks down at the mess I have made. My cum begins to run down between her breasts and she rubs them together, smearing it between them. Then she uses her hands to rub it into her pale skin, occasionally lifting her cum covered fingers to her waiting mouth.

"Mmmmmm!" She says. "That was yummy!" She looks up at me and I can see the happiness in her eyes. 

"Holy shit!" Devin says. "That was ah...pretty crazy!".

"It was great!" Shauna replies. "Your cum tastes so good, Devin"

"I've never had anything like that happen to me." He replies.

"Well, I am glad I could help you out" She says.

"Um...thanks?" Devin says, uncertain of what just happen.

"Oh, you are welcome. And thank YOU." Shauna replies.

"Like I said, what are friends for?" I say. We all laugh.

About a half hour later our friends show up and its a great day at the lake. We BBQ and swim and stay out in the sun too long. By the end of the day we are all tired and ready to head home.

After packing up the car we head down the country road back towards the city. Shauna is holding my hand as I drive us home. 

"Okay, so, elephant in the room" Devin says. "That was totally amazing, but everything is good between us, right?" he asks. Shauna gives my hand a squeeze before answering.

"Of course it is. Don't think anything of it." she tells him.

"Well, kinda hard NOT to think of it. That may be the best BJ I ever had" he says. 

"Its all good, man. We just wanted to cheer you up." I tell him.

"Yeah, and I liked doing it. So were cool." Shauna adds. Then she asks: "You did enjoy yourself, right?"

I look into the mirror to see Devin's reaction. "Holy shit. It was amazing. No girl has ever done that to me. Not like that anyway" he says.
