 The Other Cock Ch. 02

Prologue:

Earlier today I watched Shauna suck my friend's cock. Seeing her blow Devin may be the sexiest thing I've ever seen and I have no problems admitting that fact. Nor do mind how much my girlfriend enjoyed sucking him off. Knowing she had swallowed his load twice that day just made her sexier in my eyes. After we dropped Devin off I drove us home as fast as I could. As we headed towards our place the sexual tension was thick and palpable. We were almost naked by the time we reached the the front door. A pile of torn clothes and several orgasms later we lay panting on our bed. Finally, we had time to talk about our adventure.

The Other Cock Chapter 02 - Part One: The Aftermath.

"So, you really are okay with it, right?" Shauna asks. She is laying naked across my chest, nuzzling her face in my neck. She kisses me sweetly just above my collarbone.

"After the sex we just had, do you really have any doubts?" I ask.

"I just thought, now that we have worked out our sexual tension, we should talk about it. You know, with clear heads."

"I thought it was very sexy" I say.

"Well," she laughs. "I am sure it was!"

"And you enjoyed yourself, right?" I ask.

"Oh, I loved it. But I just want to make sure...we're okay, right? A lot of guys wouldn't be okay with it, afterwards..." She let her words trail off. The question was left hanging in the air between us. 

"We are better than ever." I say, honestly. "I love you, Shauna, and that's not going to change. If anything, I want you even more. And not just sexually, either."

She kisses my cheek. "So, you're not jealous or anything?"

"No, not at all. I mean, I did feel a little pang of jealousy when you first took him in your mouth, but it just added to the sensuality of everything. And I trust you. Whatever happens, we do it together."

"So, then...I guess the big question is: Do we want to do it again?" She asks. 

I run my fingers through her short hair. She lifts her head and looks into my eyes, questioning. I trace her bottom lip with my finger and say: "Yes, I think we do."

"I was hoping you would say that," she says.

The Other Cock Chapter 02 - Part Two: Three Weeks Later.

Saturday Night - 9:30pm 

Shauna and I are having beers at our favorite dive bar. Devin is filling in on bass for a local garage rock band. As we listen to the music, we scan the crowd for potential co-conspiritors. 

"What about that guy?" She practically yells into ear. The music is loud.

"Who?" I say, trying to find which guy she is pointing out in the crowded bar.

"The one in the Misfits t-shirt" She says. "At least we know he has good taste in music." 

"True. But I think he came with that pink-haired girl at the table. He might be taken." I say.

"A whole city full of boys, and I can't find ONE dick to suck!" She says.

"Hey, what about MY dick!" I say, pretending my feeling are hurt. She gives me a playful elbow to the ribs.

"You know what I mean" She says.

"I can't believe we are striking out, again." I say. Three weeks of effort and nothing to show for it.

"And, what about Devin, no luck there?" she asks.

"I don't know. I think he's a little weirded out by it. Plus, he's all into Melanie, now." I say.

"My fault," she says. "I should have waited a bit longer before I introduced them. It would be easier if he was horny."

"Why, do you think Melanie is giving it up already?" I ask.

"She my best friend, but she's a slut. I have no doubt she is taking care of his needs."

"Oh well. Better luck next time" I say. I shrug my shoulders. "Devin is finishing up on stage. We should go say hi."

Saturday Night - 10:00pm

"So, Devin, what are your plans for the rest of the night?" I ask. We pick up his bass amp and load it into the van.

"I am meeting Melanie after I drop my amp at the studio," he replies, closing the rear door on the van. Shauna and I will have to find another willing donor.

"All right, man. Have a good night." I say. We shake hands and Devin drives off.

Shauna walks over to me. "So, no luck?" She asks. I look at my beautiful girlfriend. She looks gorgeous tonight. Her black skirt is tight and short, worn over fishnet leggings. She has paired it with a black button-up blouse with red polka dots. It seems she has neglected the top three buttons and is showing a lot of cleavage. Red barrettes in her hair match the polka dots on her blouse. She looks like modern day Betty Page with shorter hair. My little pin-up girl. 

"Its got to be my fault" I say. "You look so sexy tonight, I don't know how anybody could refuse a blow job from you."

"HEY, DICKWAD!" I hear someone yell. I turn around and see my buddy Caleb running down the sidewalk. "I thought that was you," he says.

"Caleb, you say the nicest things" I reply, laughing. "Shauna, this is Caleb. He is in the same Master's Program." 

"Nice to meet you, Caleb. I'm Shauna," she says. They shake hands.

"So, did you get your final paper for Dr. Grossman finished?" he asks. "Its due Monday"

"I just have to write a conclusion." I say. 

"Well, mine is done, and I am out celebrating my freedom." he says. "What are you guys up to?"

"We were just going back to our place to have drinks and watch a movie." Shauna says. "Would you like to join us?"

"Um, sure. That sounds cool." Caleb says.

"I'm parked up on the next block" I say and we begin walking towards the car.

"You guys really don't mind me tagging along, do you?" Caleb asks. "I don't want to be an awkward third wheel." 

"Oh, don't worry, you won't be." Shauna says, giving me a sly grin.



Saturday Night - 11:00pm

"So, what were you guys doing downtown?" Caleb asks as I hand him a cold beer, fresh from the refrigerator. 

"We went to see Devin. He was filling in on bass for some other band." I say.

"Cool. So, what are we watching tonight?" He asks.

"Something Sci Fi or Classic Horror" Shauna suggests. "Or, we could cover both by watching a Cronenberg film." 

"Where did you find her?" Caleb asks. "She is sooo cool!"

"You have no idea" I reply. But, with any luck, he will find out soon enough.

We move to the living room. Caleb and I sit on the couch and Shauna squeezes in between us. About 15 minutes into the movie Shauna announces that she needs another beer. 

"would anyone else like a refill?" She aks.

"Sure" I say. "Me, too" Caleb adds.

"Be right back," Shauna says. When she stands up she puts one hand on my knee and one on Caleb's and pushes herself up off the couch. I can tell he is a little embarrassed by her touch, but I pretend not to notice. Inside, however, my blood begins pumping faster. Shauna gives her sexy ass a little shake as she disappears into the kitchen.

"How did a lump like you find such a sexy, cool chic?" Caleb teases.

"I don't know. Just lucky I guess." I reply.

"Man, I hope I can get lucky some day," he says.

"You never know, buddy, it might happen sooner than you think." I say. I doubt he knows what I really mean by these words.

Shauna returns with three new beers. I grab one and take a long slow pull off the bottle. Shauna hands a beer to Caleb and sits between us again. 

"So, Caleb," she says. "Tell me about yourself." She puts her hand on his thigh.

Caleb shifts a little. "Um, not much to say...I guess" he replies. Shauna draws a little circle on his thigh with her finger. 

"No girlfriends?" She asks.

"Oh, uh...no. Not for about a year." He says. He picks at the label on his bottle with his thumbnail, trying very hard to ignore Shauna's flirting.

"It must be very...hard.' she says, emphasizing the word 'hard'. I almost laugh out loud at her double entendre, but I manage to contain myself. I don't want to spoil our chances with Caleb. Through it all, her voice remains sweet and alluring.

I look down and see that Shauna's hand has almost reached Caleb's crotch. The poor guy is sweating and nervous. The bulge in his pants is obvious. I feel my own cock beginning to grow. 

I can't help it. I love watching Shauna flirt with Caleb. And knowing he is hard for my girlfriend is turning me on. A lot.

"It must get lonely. Not having a girl around to help out with...stuff." Shauna says.

"Yeah, sometimes...I guess I get by okay on my own." Caleb practically stammers. He takes a long pull from his beer. Trying to steady his nerves.

"Do you masturbate a lot?" She asks him.

"Wha...what...um..." Caleb almost chokes on his beer. The look on his face is priceless.

"Oh, its a simple question. I want to know if you play with your cock a lot." Shauna says. She's using what I like to call her "Sexy girl voice". She's used it on me many times and its very hard to resist.

Caleb looks at me, confused as to whether or not he should answer. Shauna's fingers lightly trace the bulge in his pants and I enjoy watching him squirm under her touch.

"Its okay, buddy. You can answer her". I say.

"Yes, but please be honest." Shauna adds.

"Um...well..." he begins, his voice shaky. "Yeah, I mean I guess so. But I haven't in a few days. I've been so busy with school."

"Are you horny right now?" She asks. She cups the bulge in his pants and gives a firm squeeze. 

"Oh...ah...ummmm...." is all he can say. He looks at me again. 

"Don't worry about me." I say. "You can be honest. We're all friends here."

"Yes. I am getting very horny." he says finally. Shauna continues rubbing his cock through his pants.

"Would you like to play with your cock, right now?" she asks.

"Right now?" 

"Yes. I want to watch you play with it." She says. "Take it out." She commands.

Caleb is obviously enticed. His cheeks are flush.

"I don't know if...well...you know..."

"Here, maybe this will help" Shauna says, slowly undoing the buttons on her blouse. 

She pulls her top off and exposes her black lace bra. Caleb stares at her C cup tits. Shauna runs her hands across the lace and exposed flesh. 

"Do you like the way my tits look?" She asks.

"They are...very nice," he says, still unsure of how to proceed.

"Maybe you should get a better look at them," Shauna says. She stands and removes her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Then she positions herself in front of Caleb. Kneeling on the floor, she begins to play with her breasts.

"Caleb, I want to watch you play with your cock." Shauna says. Caleb looks at me and I tip my beer towards him.

"Cheers, buddy. Enjoy yourself." I say.

This tiny encouragement is all Caleb needs. He fumbles with his belt and undoes his button and zipper. Reaching inside, he grasps his cock and frees it from his pants.

"Oooh. Look how long it is. And thick, too!" Shana says. "Go ahead and stroke it, but go slowly." She adds.

Caleb wraps his fingers around his cock. He breathes heavily as he slowly strokes himself. Shauna cups her breasts and pinches her nipples.

"That's very sexy, Caleb." She says. "Does it turn you on, watching me playing with my tits like this?" She asks. 

"Yes it does," he replies. His throat sounds dry.

"Do you like to watch me while you stroke your big cock, Caleb?"

"Yes" he moans.

"I like you watching me. I like knowing guys get horny looking at me. Do you think I'm sexy?" She asks.

"Oh god, yes, you are so hot." he says. He is staring directly at her now, totally under her power. He begins to stroke himself faster.

"Caleb, I told you, I want you to go slow. I don't want you to cum to fast." She orders. He slows his rhythm, stroking his cock from its thick base to the mushroom head.

"Oh, Caleb. You're making me so wet." Shauna moans. "Watching you stroke your sexy cock."

She pulls up her skirt and shoves her hand into her black lace panties and begins rubbing her clit. The pressure in my own pants forces me to shift my sitting position. I am so turned on watching my girl tease Caleb. I watch as he strokes his cock. Knowing he is hard for Shauna makes my cock twitch and I feel the wetness of precum in my boxers.

"You like playing with your cock, don't you Caleb?" She asks. 

"Yes."

"And, you like watching me play with my tits and my pussy?"

"Yes, I do" he replies.

"Would you like me to suck your cock?" she asks. She is getting worked up now, rubbing her clit faster and pinching hard on her pierced nipples.

"Oh yes. I would like that." Caleb replies.

"Tell me how badly you want me to suck you" She demands. 

"So much. I want it so much." he says, his right hand working the length of his stiff cock.

"Beg me." Shauna demands. "Beg me to put it in my mouth"

"God, please. I can't take it. Please...I want to see your lips around my cock." he stammers.

Shauna moves forward, her face only inches from his thick shaft. Caleb takes his hand off of his cock. Shauna looks so turned on its driving me wild. I know she wants to feel his cock in her mouth. She leans forward, grasping the base in one hand, stroking it softly, teasingly.

"It's so thick." She says before wrapping her lips around his cock. She begins sucking him off. Caleb throws his head back. His eyes are closed tightly. A low moan escapes his lips.

"Unhhhnnn...that feels amazing," he says. Watching him take such pleasure from my girl's mouth drives me wild. I am having trouble sitting still.

Shauna pulls the cock from her mouth, continuing to stroke it. "Don't close your eyes, Caleb. I want you to watch the whole thing," She says to him. "Watch me as I suck your cock." Caleb opens his eyes and looks directly at my girlfriend.

She takes him back into her mouth, slowly sucking him, looking directly into his eyes.

Soon, his cock is slick with spit and precum. She takes advantage of the added lubrication, using it to take him even deeper into her throat. I estimate that he is about 7 inches long, but his girth is considerable. Still, Shauna manages to take him all the way so that his balls are touching her chin.

I am so hot now, watching my girl deepthroat Caleb's dick. I can't wait any longer. I pull my cock out of my pants and begin stroking it. I am hard as a rock and the tip is shiny with precum. Shauna notices what I am doing. 

"Go ahead, baby, stroke your cock while I suck him," she says before taking him back in her mouth. Her lips are full and look amazing stretched around his wide shaft.

I get off the couch and stand just to the right, almost directly behind her. The view is incredible. Her black skirt is hiked halfway up her sexy, round ass. I watch the back of her head as she bobs up and down, emitting little slurping and sucking sounds. 

"Baby, his cock tastes so good. I think I want to swallow his cum." She says. 

I begin masturbating in earnest now. I decide I want to cum all over her ass while she takes Caleb in her mouth. But even more than that, I want her to swallow his cum. Maybe that's weird, but I don't care. I love knowing that some guy is about to cum in Shauna's mouth. And I know she loves having me watch.

"Oh, damn, Shauna, you're so good at this." Caleb moans. His hips rock forward on the couch, trying to push his cock deeper into her mouth. He looks at me. "Your girlfriend's mouth feels amazing." He says. "She's gonna make me cum so hard."

"You can cum in her mouth, Caleb. She is a little slut. She wants your cum." I say. Then to her, "Don't you, baby?" Shauna's mouth is full and she is only able to moan in the affirmative.

I reach down and rub her ass and feel her squirm at my touch. She makes and excited "hmnngghhnnn" around Caleb's cock. I pull her skirt over her ass and grab the crotch of her panties firmly in my right hand. I yank hard and rip them off of her. She yelps in surprise before burying Caleb's cock in her throat.

"Does that feel good, you little slut?" I ask as I shove two fingers into her wet pussy. I fuck her with my fingers while continuing to stroke my cock. She moans loudly and pushes back against my hand. I slip a third finger inside.

Caleb moans as she speeds up her blow job. "Oh fuck, I am going to cum!" he says.

"Go ahead. Make her swallow it" I say. "Cum in my girlfriend's mouth!" 

I feel Shauna's pussy contract as she begins to orgasm. Caleb's hips lift off the couch as he shoots his load in her mouth. I lean my head to get a better look and I can see his cock throbbing in her mouth as he spurts again and again. I see her throat contract every time she swallows a big gob of his cum. Shauna pussy floods with her juices and they drip on the floor. This is enough to send me over the edge.

"I am going to cum all over your ass, baby!" I growl. I point my cock straight towards her butthole and my first shot lands right between her cheeks on the small, round target. Shauna writhes as my cum begins dripping between her cheeks and down her pussy. I feel my cum slide around my fingers as I continue shoving them in her wet cunt. I get off four more thick shots of cum and spread it generously around her ample ass cheeks. Soon we are all spent, sweaty and sticky from our little adventure. Caleb excuses himself to go wash up in our bathroom.

Saturday Night - 12:30am

"Honey, I have a little idea, but you have to pretend to be asleep for it to work." Shana whispers. Caleb is in the bathroom and I can hear the tap running. 

"I am intrigued" I say.

"I want to suck him off again, but I don't want him to know you are listening."

"So, I fake like I am sleeping, while you suck his cock?" I ask.

"Exactly. What do you think?"

"The thought of eavesdropping while you pleasure him is sexy! We should definitely do this, that's what I think." I reply.

Shauna and I try to act normal when Caleb comes out of the bathroom. "So, we're too drunk to drive you home." Shauna says. "You should just stay here."

"Oh sure. I figured that would be the case. I can sleep on the couch." Caleb says.

"No way. Not after I have already given you a blow job," Shauna tells him. "You can sleep in the bed with us. We have a big bed. It will be way more comfortable."

"Well, if that's okay with everybody..." 

"Fine with me. I am so tired I am gonna fall right to sleep." I say.

"Its settled then." Shauna says.

Saturday Night - 1:00am

Truth be told, I am tired now. If it weren't for the exciting little plan Shauna has come up with, I probably would be passed out. I lay as still as possible, trying to keep my breathing calm and even. I am almost sure Caleb is already asleep. Then I feel Shauna's weight shift in the bed. She moves closer to Caleb. Its almost completely dark in our room, except for the full moon's light shining in the window. I hear a subtle rustling of blankets followed by a quiet sucking sound. In the moonlight I can see the silhouette of her head bobbing up and down under the blanket. She's actually doing it.

I roll to my side quickly in order to hide my hard on.

"Huh? What's...going on?" Caleb says sleepily. She must have woken him up.

"Shhhh...I don't want to wake my boyfriend up." Shauna whispers. "I just had to have you in my mouth again."

"Um, is he going to be mad about this?" Caleb asks. 

"Don't worry, he is passed out. If we're quiet, he will never know." She says. "And, I want this time to be just you and me" She adds.

I hear Shauna sucking on his cock again. He is not trying to put up a struggle, and I love knowing my girl could seduce him into this so easily. 

Shauna is trying to keep up pretenses by being quiet about it. I realize now that I am stuck here pretending to be asleep. No matter how horny I get, if I masturbate the ruse is over. It strikes me that Shauna may have already thought of this and I make a mental note to fuck her really good as soon as Caleb leaves in the morning.

They are definitely trying to be quiet, but I can hear Caleb's breathing getting heavier. I also feel the bed move a little as he squirms under her touch. My cock is throbbing now. I can't do anything but wait, and listen.
