 From: hotpants@hotmail.com
To: Cornfed@valdostanet.com
Subject: My Hot Date

Dear Ella

How are things in S. GA and business school? Good, I hope. Or at least, better than what I'm doing. I thought living in Atlanta was going to be so exciting but it hasn't turned out that way. I'm stuck in this tiny apartment that's all I can afford, all the women at work are married, all the men at work are either married or gay, I don't know anyone or have any money to go out to meet anyone. The clutch is about to go out on my old Toyota.

Listen to me. Whine, whine, whine. Let me start over. It's not really that bad. I've only been here 3 months. At least I'm out of Valdosta. The place I work just promoted me out of the secretary pool. I'm now the receptionist. That means I get to dress nice and meet everyone who comes into the building. They gave me a little raise, not enough to pay for the new clothes I had to buy or the dry cleaning bill I have now, mind you, but at least I get to meet all the men who come in. 

A couple of weeks ago I did go out with this one guy, Herb, who's a salesman here. He's a good-looking hunk who asked me out dancing. Every time we danced he pressed against me with that big love-muscle he's got in his pants and, before I knew what was happening, I was getting hot and bothered. We ended up at his place for drinks and we wrestled around on his couch a while. The next thing I knew, I found myself on my knees with that very same love-muscle shoved down my throat. He really wanted a piece of ass, and I really wanted to give him a piece of ass, but I didn't have my diaphragm with me and he only had some rubbers that looked about five years old. I said "No, not tonight, but I'll give you a blow job." I didn't come to Atlanta to get pregnant. 

All my training with the Valdosta High football team came in handy, cause he fucked my face about fifteen minutes with that beautiful piece of meat, before filling my mouth with a huge load. I was plunking my magic twanger while he skull-fucked me, so I got off at the same time he did. I swallowed his load and didn't even gag. That impressed him. Now he thinks he's in love with me. Every time he comes into the office he asks me out but I don't think I'm interested. He's a lot of fun but he's got an ex-wife that gets over half his salary. I also didn't come to Atlanta to date someone who's as broke as I am.

I met one I'm interested in today. I was at my desk, the door opened, and this really nice looking older man came in. He was wearing a suit that HAD to cost $1000, just-shined shoes, and a nice haircut. His gray hair made him look distinguished and he probably works out, cause he looked in shape. He's probably about 60, but doesn't look it. He just LOOKS like he has money. 

"Can I help you, Sir," I said, in my best Businesslike Office Person voice, just like they taught me at Valdosta Business College.

"You sure can," he said with a wink. "Anyone as pretty as you can help me anytime. I'm looking for that crook, Al Roberts, but if you can't find him, I'll just stay here and talk to you. My name is Rich Manson."

Albert Roberts is the Pres. of the company, so I hit the little button on the phone and said, "Mr. Roberts, Mr. Rich Manson is here to see you." Instead of answering, the door behind me opened and Mr. Roberts come out and grabbed Mr. Manson in a bear hug. They were obviously old friends.

"Who's this pretty thing you've got answering the phone for you, Al?" asked Mr. Manson with another wink in my direction. "You're hiring them younger and prettier every year."

"No I'm not," replied Mr. Roberts. "You're just getting older and uglier, so it seems like that. But since you asked, this is Ms. Margaret Meadows, Maggie to her friends. You may call her Ms. Meadows."

Mr. Roberts introduced us and Mr. Manson KISSED MY HAND! He is so coool! He's got the cutest mustache and I felt it brush the back of my hand when he kissed it. I almost creamed! I also noticed he wasn't wearing a wedding band.

They went into Mr. Roberts' office and Mr. Manson stayed over an hour. Finally the door opened and I heard Mr. Roberts say that he had to take a conference call. Mr. Manson came over to my desk on his way out.

"How long have you been in Atlanta, Maggie, if it's all right to call you Maggie," he said. "And what does a pretty girl like you do for fun?"

"Of course it's all right to call me Maggie and I do all kinds of stuff for fun. I've only been in Atlanta three months. It's so much more exciting than Valdosta, where I went to school," I said, doing my best to look and sound adorable. "There's just so much to do here, I don't know where to start."

"Maybe I can help you find a place to start, Maggie. I've got to be in town tomorrow night, for a meeting the next morning, and I don't have a thing to do. Why don't I take you out to dinner and let's get to know each other better."

I wanted to put a lip-lock on him right there. "Oh, thank you, Mr. Manson . . . " 

"If I call you Maggie, you have to call me Rich," he said.

"Thank you, Rich, I would love to go to dinner."

"Good," he said, "Give me your address and I'll have my driver pick you up, if that's all right. I have to be in meetings until late, but he can bring you to wherever I am and we can go from there. How's that?"

Silently thanking God he's not going to see my one-room apartment, I wrote down my address and said, "That'll be lovely. I'll be ready at eight." With that, he was gone, leaving the scent of very expensive aftershave lotion in the air. How cool is that, Ella? A little Valdosta Business College grad lands a date with Mr. Gotbucks just on the basis of her charm and poise. Of course, I did have on my lowest cut dress today, and he did keep looking down my front at my exquisite, deeply tanned, twenty-year-old, thirty-five inch tits. But I prefer to think he was more impressed by my poise. Hey, it could happen.

Anyway, I'm really excited about tomorrow night. I'll e-mail you as soon as I get home. 

Let me know what or who you're doing. E-mail me right now!

XXXXOOOO

Maggie

* * * * *

From: cornfed@valdosta.net
To: hotpants@hotmail.com
Subject: My not-so hot date

Dear Maggie,

I'm so excited to hear about your date with that rich older man. I'll bet you wind up marrying someone just like that. Someone rich, smart, and sophisticated. Someone not at all like the shitkickers around here.

I'm so disgusted! I've got to tell you what happened to me last night. Do you remember me telling you about Winston, the new hand Daddy hired to work on the farm? You probably don't remember, but I told you he's got a good body but he's ugly as a sin-eater and dumb as a box of rocks. Anyway, last week I was out in the barn, looking for eggs, when he comes in. To make a long story short, there was no one at home except us, we got to messing around, and I gave him some pussy. I know what you're going to say but I was horny as a three-peckered dog and it just happened. He's got a dick like a baseball bat and he can swing it like Babe Ruth. Too bad I have to fuck him with a bag over his head and my earplugs in. What a dumbass!

He's been after me for a return engagement ever since. I've been telling him "no" but none of these business school nerds have shown any interest in stuffing my hot little hole full of stiff cock, so my resolve has been getting weaker. I mean, here I am, 19 years old, 5' 11,' 135 lbs., blonde hair down to my ass, tits to die for, an ass to cry for, and all these jackoffs want to talk about is "maximizing their profit potential" and "lowering their price to earnings ratio." 

They make me sick! What about "maximizing their pussy potential" and "lowering some hot dick into my passion pit?" You would think at least one of these guys would pick up on the fact that I like to fuck and, if they asked me for some pussy, I would be all over them like a Florida tan, but noooo . . . at least Winston knows what he wants.

Anyway, yesterday I had to go out to the barn for something. When I went in, Winston and Luther, my jack-off of a little brother, were there. Winston asked me to come over to his room that night. He said he had something he wanted to show me. My little asshole brother was grinning like a jackass eating briers. I knew they were up to something but what could I do? I said I would come by after dark.

After Mama and Daddy went to bed, I slipped out of the house and over to Winston's room, out behind the barn. When I opened the door there was a porn flick playing on the TV. Some blonde whore was face down on a bed with her ass in the air and some big-dicked surfer-looking guy was pounding his cock in and out of her. The lights were dim, but there was plenty of light to see Winston and Luther lying on the bed, playing with their dicks. 

"What are you two perverts doing," I asked, stepping into the room. 

They both grinned at me. "Just watching this movie," Winston said. "Why don't you sit awhile and watch it with us. It might give you some ideas. I thought you might even want to give me a some more of that tight pussy."

I took a long look at the fucking going on on the TV screen. "Well, if I did decide to give you some, we'd have to get rid of that little maggot first," meaning my little brother. "I'm not going to fuck you with him around."

"Aw hell, he'll be okay. He just wants to watch and jack off. What's the harm in that? Let's give the little asshole a thrill." Luther just grinned his shit-eating-dog grin.

After a couple of minutes of witty repartee like that, I knew I wasn't going to get fucked without letting Luther watch, so I decided to go ahead. I kicked off my loafers and stepped out of my shorts. As I climbed up on the bed, Winston said, "Ain't you going to suck on it a while and get it hard? I really like blow jobs."

"Hell, no, I'm not going to suck it for you! It looks hard enough to cut diamonds to me. Just spit on it a little so it'll go in and let's get going." I said. He did as I said and I crawled over him and settled my ass right down on his big box-banger. Man, that thing is big and thick. It took me a few minutes to get it all the way in, then I relaxed and let my cunt adjust to the size. Then I started my hips moving and pretty soon we were both humping as hard as we could go. Everything was fine until suddenly Winston stops stroking and puts his arms around me and holds me tight. It pissed me off cause I had just started getting a buzz in my box. "What the hell are you doing? I was just about to get off," I said, struggling to get free.

Then I felt my little brother behind me. He spread my ass cheeks and started shoving his little dick into my asshole. I wiggled and fought but there was nothing I could do. I've never been butt-fucked before and I didn't want to start by getting it from my little brother but Winston is really strong and I couldn't break his grip. Luckily, Luther's dick is only about four inches long and about as big around as a pencil. It didn't really hurt. It just made me mad to be forced. After he pumped it in a few times it started to feel good, so I started humping and then Winston started humping. It got better and better. Suddenly it got to feeling REAL good! I could feel their dicks rubbing together through the thin wall between my cunt and ass. It was sooo sexy and sooo nasty! 

We all managed to cum at the same time and, I don't know how it was for them, but for me, it just about curled my toes. Winston grabbed my ass and forced all his rod as far inside me as it would go, Luther grabbed my hips and shoved his little piccolo peter as far up my ass as he could, and I could feel them both throbbing as they unloaded their man-juice in me. I was flopping around like a freshly-caught trout.

When I finally stopped quivering, I rolled off Winston, pushed Luther off on the floor, and really gave them hell. "You worthless pieces of shit. You both can forget about EVER getting your dicks anywhere near me, ever again! If I could I would kick the shit out of both your asses."

They both just lay there and smirked. Those bastards had had it all planned. Winston said, "You'll be back around as soon as you start needin' some dick again. A hot pussy like yours need to be serviced every so often."

What pissed me off was that I knew the bastard was right. As soon as I get horny and tired of my finger and all the dick-shaped vegetables from the garden, I WILL be back. Don't you just hate it when men are right?

Write me as soon as you get home from that date.

XOXOXOX

Ella

* * * * *

From: hotpants@hotmail.com
To: Cornfed@valdostanet.com
Subject: re: My Hot Date

Dear Ella,

I'm sorry to hear about your man problems. Maybe you just need to change your attitude. One of the girls at work claimed she LIKED it up the butt. She said she didn't have to worry about getting pregnant and she didn't have to look at or kiss the ugly bastard while he was fucking her. She doesn't have a very good relationship with the guy she's fucking, if you ask me.

My date started out great! Girl, I was looking good. On the way home I bought a new strapless cocktail dress. It's red, which looks great against my dark complexion and black hair. I stopped by Mr. Louie's and that little faggot outdid himself on my hair. He put it in a French twist that showed off my shoulders and neck. When I got home I tried on the dress and the new pair of shoes I bought. When I looked in the mirror I almost creamed. I looked so good I wished I was a twin, so I could eat my own pussy. I may be only 5' 2" and 100 lbs, but with my tan, and my thirty-five inch tits in a pushup bra, I knew I was going to turn some heads when I walked into that restaurant. I'd better turn some heads. I've put a serious bend in my Visa card.

Rich's driver, Roy, picked me up right on time. He held the door open for me, complemented me on my perfume, poured me a glass of champagne from the bar in the backseat, and we hauled ass up Ga. 400, right into the heart of Buckhead. We pulled up in front of the Ritz Carlton and Rich was waiting on the curb. I guess Roy called him when we were close. Rich said, "What about Buckhead Club for dinner? Have you been there?"

I wanted to say, "Oh hell yes I've been there! I eat there all the time. I can't get enough of their seventy-five dollar appetizers and their hundred and fifty dollar bottles of wine." But, of course, I didn't say that. I said, "No, I haven't been there yet, (like I had it on my schedule, but just hadn't gotten around to it yet) but I hear it's wonderful."

So that's where we went. It was only a block away and Roy dropped us off right in front and we were whisked up to the top floor of a thirty-story skyscraper in the restaurant's private elevator. The waiters were all in tuxedos. The matra de knew Rich by name and said, "We're sort of busy tonight, Mr. Manson, but if you'll wait in the bar, we'll have your favorite table ready in a few minutes."

In about ten minutes we were seated at a table looking out at Atlanta's skyline. Girl, this is the way I'm supposed to live. For the first time in my life, I didn't even look at the prices on the menu. We had lobster and champagne and steak and more wine and it was great! We dance a couple of times, he complimented me on my dancing, my beauty, my hair, my dress, my tan . . . well, you get the picture. I was ready to crawl under the table and suck him off, if he'd asked me to. 

After about three hours, Rich suggested we go over to his suite at the hotel and have a nightcap. I was ready! Roy was on the curb to pick us up for the block-long drive and, in minutes, we were looking out over the city from the private balcony of the most beautiful room I've ever been in. Rich hit a switch near the door and soft music filled the room. There were mirrors everywhere and deep carpeting and it just looked like it cost a ton of money. 

As he was opening another bottle of champagne, Rich kissed me softly on the lips and said, "I've been looking at your tan and your breasts all night and wanting to see more of both. Why don't you get more comfortable?"

Did I mention I was high as the cost of living in New York? I walked over to the light switch dimmer and turned the lights down to a more intimate level, then reached around and slooowly eased my zipper down. I stood in front of one of the mirrors, so I could see Rich and watch myself at the same time. I let the dress drop to the floor. I had on a black push-up bra, garter belt, and panties. Standing there in that outfit and my high heels, I could have given the Pope a woody.

Rich stood behind me and kissed me on the neck. With one hand he cupped one of my breasts. The other he slid inside my panties and cupped my precious slit. He let his middle finger stray just inside my pussy lips as if he were checking to see if I was juicing yet. He needn't have worried. I was on the verge of unloading in his hand. He stepped back and said, "Let's see it all. I want to see you bare-assed!"

He wasn't the only one. I wanted him to see me bare-assed! In about ten seconds my bra was on the carpet and my panties were on top of it. I was feeling really good and enjoying looking at myself in all the mirrors, parading around in nothing but my garter belt, hose, and high heels.

Rich was still fully dressed. "Why don't you play with yourself and get that hot little box ready for me?" he said.

It didn't really need getting ready! I was as ready as I was ever going to get but the idea of putting on a show for him turned me on. I cupped one of my breasts in my hand and pulled it up to my lips and licked the nipple, while I slid two fingers inside myself. I started pumping my hand and licking and sucking my nipple and making soft, moaning sounds deep in my throat. I was getting off on watching myself in all the mirrors, with my own nipple in my mouth and my finger in my twat. It was like I was surrounded by twins of myself and everything I did, they all did. 

Suddenly, I noticed Rich had his trousers and his underpants down around his ankles. I looked closer and couldn't believe what I was seeing. You were talking about your little brother having a little dick. This bastard had about three inches! And it was not just short - it was skinny! It was a needle dick! He couldn't even get his fist around it to jack it off. He had to jack it with one finger and his thumb.

I started laughing and said, "You want me to get my cunt ready for that? Are you kidding? Who the hell do you think you're going to satisfy with that teeny weenie?" The more I laughed at him, the more he worked on his little dick. I was really drunk by now and I paraded my ass around in front of him, taunting him and telling him he what a poor excuse for a man he was, and how I could get myself off with a soda straw before I could get off with his little dick.

The more I taunted him, the more excited he got. He sank down on his knees and wouldn't look at me while I turned around and bent over in front of him, showing him my pussy and ass, and told him he would never be able to satisfy me. Finally he gave a little quiver and sort of rolled over on the deep-pile carpet. I didn't know what to do so I just walked over to the bar and poured another glass of champagne. In a few minutes, he stood up and pulled his pants up. He wiped off the few drops of cum with a monogrammed handkerchief, zipped up his pants, and pulled his coat back on. It was as if nothing had happened. He became the perfect gentleman again. 

He said, "Thank you, my dear, for a beautiful evening. You are such a lovely girl. I've enjoyed myself immensely. I just hope we can do this again sometimes soon." With that he helped me get dressed and walked me down to the front of the hotel where Roy was waiting with the car. When we got to my apartment, Roy walked me to my door and waited until I opened it.
