 Based on a true story.

I admired Cathy as the porn played on the television. She was sitting in a stiff backed chair directly across from me. Her posture was that of an alert student in history class. Straight back, shoulders square, knees together, hands resting flat on the tops of her thighs. Cathy exemplified the stereotype of a prim and proper budding young nympho. Together with Jim, her boyfriend, we watched the professional threesome play out on the television screen. 

Jim, Cathy and I are very close friends. Jim and I grew up together. I would share anything with him as he would I. And then there is Cathy. She is the classic "good girl" next door. By nature, she is quiet and solitary. She is the type of person who finds real enjoyment while reading a good book. She has an exciting mind that has won my admiration. Her mind is the foundation of our friendship and mutual respect. Her mind is that which I lust for the most.

As the good girl sat in her proper pose I could sense her arousal. Cathy has a sexuality about her that normally lies just below the surface. However, on this particular night, lust was thick in the air. She reached down to her strawberry wine bottle as the two men thrust their cocks into the woman on the screen. I took a drink of my beer and watched as Cathy parted her lips taking the mouth of the bottle between them. I looked down to her smallish feet and thought to myself that they look very cute in their proper posture. They were nestled together within their clean white socks and brown casual shoes with their soles placed perfectly flat on the floor. My eyes slowly moved up her legs and across her body as I mentally undressed her for the hundredth time. Cathy and I have never had sexual contact. Not even the briefest of kisses.

Jim, Cathy, and I were just hanging out that night. I don't remember whose idea it was to watch porn? However, I can remember the two of them waiting anxiously as I searched through the large stack of videos. I was looking for just the right selection of filth: Just the one that I wanted HER to see. 

I finally found one that contained an exceptional scene and placed it into the VCR. I queued it up to the point where two studs pull their large thick-veined cocks from their jeans. They hang them out pulsing in the face of a kneeling young woman. The beautiful young woman looks up into their eyes as she takes them, one by one, into her mouth. I think to myself, as I gaze upon Cathy's fully clothed body. 

How great would be to play out that nasty scene with our good girl Cathy.

As I alluded before, Cathy has a reserved and proper appearance. She was raised in a strict religious environment. Although she has an amazing body, she usually keeps it covered under loose fitting jeans and baggy sweatshirts. Her daily wardrobe works well to camouflage her sexual nature from the casual onlooker. I sense that she struggles daily to balance her morals against her strong need for sexual fulfillment. She wants to be "bad" but she was raised to be good. She wants to experience all of the pleasures that life has to offer. But, she doesn't want to disrespect her parents and family.

On some special nights, Cathy does dress to portray the bad girl. When she does it, she does it well. But these nights are very rare. For the most part, she only shows her wild side on occasions such as a bachelorette party or girls night out. On nights like this, Cathy is hard to miss. Her sexy figure is clearly visible across a smoky crowded bar. On these special nights, she will wear a low cut blouse to show of her large bulging breasts and a tight pair of jeans that hug the outline of her twat. She will straighten her sandy blonde hair and show off her "Nicole Kidman like" fair complexion. I cannot remember her ever wearing a tight skirt or spiked heels. Although, thinking about it now, would be the ideal outfit for her body. I think that she would prefer to dress like the wild child all of the time but she doesn't want to displease her parents or give the "wrong" outward impression. Unfortunately for me, the good girl usually wins out and she defaults to the loose fitting jeans and the baggy sweatshirt. That is what she was wearing on our amazing night. 

Cathy pretended to be unimpressed by the video even though her eyes were glued to the screen. 

She stated, "This doesn't even turn me on." 

Her mouth said one thing but her mind had other ideas. 

She said, "I'm bored, let's go." 

We turned off the porn and piled into the truck. 

Some distance down the road, Cathy said, "Lets go to a strip club."

I looked at Jim. He had a surprised expression on his face. 

I asked Jim, "What do you think?" 

To my joy, he said, "Why not."

A few minutes later, we arrived at the strip club. The bouncer checked our identification at the door. I caught him checking out Cathy's body as we entered the bar. We ordered up a few drinks and nestled into a table slightly off the beaten path. It was a round table with a white tablecloth draped over the top. There were several hot strippers in the club and the place was packed. We were all facing the stage, watching two strippers give their best performance of a simulated sixty-nine. It was really hot. 

Then Cathy made an interesting comment. She said, "That girl with the big tits turns me on." 

Not too long after that, the same stripper came by and sat down at our table. The stripper asked me if I would like a private dance. 

I answered, jokingly, "No, but I will buy Cathy a private dance, if Jim and I can watch". 

I looked at Jim and Cathy expecting a reaction of laughter. Instead, they both had looks of intrigue on their faces. 

To my surprise, Jim asked Cathy, "What do you think honey?" 

Cathy stated, "Let's go for it."

I was so shocked and turned on at this point that I thought my cock would push its way through my jeans. I quickly paid the stripper fifty dollars and we all followed her over to the private dance area.

The private booth was a pit style couch with a half wall surrounding 3 sides. The stripper instructed Jim and I to stand behind the half wall. She then instructed Cathy to sit in the middle of the couch with her arms at her sides. 

The stripper looked at Cathy and said sternly, "I only have one rule: No touching!" 

Then the stripper softened and said to Cathy, "Now lay back Hun and let's have some fun."

Cathy looked to be extremely turned on. She had never been this close to a hot naked woman before. I noticed that as she lay back on the couch she instinctively spread her legs for the stripper. Subconsciously, she was inviting the stripper to her hot pussy. I can only imagine how wet she was at this point.

The stripper began her dance by crawling up between Cathy's spread legs. I was astonished as the stripper reached up with both hands to grasp Cathy's large tits. 

I thought to myself, "I guess that her rules don't apply for our little Cathy."

The stripper pushed up on Cathy's tits and pinched her nipples until I could see them poking against her baggy sweater. She then put her head between Cathy's legs and simulated eating her soaking wet pussy. Cathy laid her head back, opened her mouth and let out a soft moan. The stripper then turned around to straddle Cathy. The stripper was inverted, with her hands on the floor and her G-string pantied ass only inches from Cathy's face. This is a sight that I will never forget. Cathy was so turned on the she instinctively reached out with her tongue to lick the strippers pussy through her panties. 

I thought that I would cum on the spot when the stripper didn't object to Cathy's advances. The stripper continued to grind on Cathy until the song ended. As the stripper raised herself off of Cathy, I noticed that she had a large wet spot on her panties from Cathy's attention. Jim and I shouted and applauded the wonderful performance. I had no idea that Cathy could be so turned on by another woman. It was truly amazing.

We then went back to our seats at the table and ordered up some more drinks. Cathy sat between Jim and I. It is hard to explain how intensely turned on I was by the scene that had just played out with Cathy and the stripper. 

Our drinks arrived and the three of us settled in for some more entertainment. Three strippers had a woman from the audience up on stage with them. They had her on her back with her shirt off. The three of them were taking turns grinding their tits and pussies all over this woman while her husband watched from the audience. This place was really hot. 

As Jim, Cathy, and I watched the show on the stage, I noticed that the tablecloth was draped over Cathy's legs and crotch. As Jim focused on the stage, I reached down to put my hand on Cathy's knee. 

I looked for a reaction. Cathy's face said nothing but YES! I moved my hand slowly up her thigh and placed it onto her pussy. She spread her legs and smiled. We continued to watch the show as I rubbed Cathy's pussy under the table. I could feel her wetness through her jeans. Her pussy was as warm as an oven. I was so turned on. I continued the intimate massage for two more songs.

Jim looked at us and asked, "Are you guys ready to go?"

Cathy and I both looked back and at the same time said, "Yes." 

The three of us piled back into the truck. Cathy was sitting between us. I sat as close to her as I could. Our legs were touching. But, strangely, she felt far away. 

I needed to be inside her tonight!

I had parked at Jim and Cathy's house to begin the night. It was 2:30 in the morning by now. We decided to head for home. All three of us were well lit. 

I thought to myself on the way, "How can I get into her pants tonight?"

When we arrived, I used the bathroom excuse to allow myself access into the house. Once inside, Jim offered up some more drinks. 

That is when Cathy said, "Lets watch some more porn." 

Jim obliged and put in a good video. Apparently, Jim and I have the same taste in porn. A nice threesome popped up on the screen. 

I sat on a chair in the living room while Jim and Cathy sat together on the couch. I hadn't taken two drinks of my beer before Cathy started rubbing Jim's cock through his jeans. Jim undid his pants and let his cock out. Upon the sight of his hard cock, Cathy immediately went down on him. She started tearing his cock up like a wild woman. 

I looked at Jim. He motioned for me to come over and join. I couldn't believe that this was happening. My hottest fantasy was actually coming true. 

Cathy was on her knees sucking Jim on the couch. I walked over and Jim stood up. He instructed Cathy to suck me. She turned to me. Her face was only inches from my bulging crotch. She looked up at me with her beautiful innocent and lustful eyes. She unzipped my pants and my throbbing cock sprang out in front of her beautiful face. She kept eye contact with me as she took my cock into her mouth. She sucked me and massaged my balls with her left hand while jacking Jim off with her right hand. 

I thought to myself, "It's just like I had imagined. She is a natural."

She then began to alternate between Jim's cock and my cock. Each time she pulled away from our cocks she continued sucking all the way to the end. Her lips made the sweet sound of a "pop" as she switched between our members. 

Jim instructed her to take off her shirt and show us her nice tits. We each took a step back and allowed Cathy to expose her large aroused tits and nipples. Her tits were just like I had imagined; perfect D-size. Looking back, they remind me of porn star Ashlyn Gere, one of my favorites.

I took a moment to pause; it was such an amazing sight to see this proper "girl next door" in such a position. She was on her knees before us. Our throbbing cocks were each only inches from her beautiful, innocent looking face. Her large tits were hanging there, fully exposed, just waiting for us to cover them with hot cum. 

She promptly began to suck us again. 

Jim soon yelled, "I'm going to cum!" 

He pulled his cock out of her mouth and blew a huge load of cum on her amazing face and tits. The sight of this made me cum instantly. We both covered her with hot spunk and she loved every minute of it. She smiled as she took both of her hands and rubbed our cum all over her tits. 

Jim walked to the bathroom and brought back a towel while I collapsed back onto the couch. Jim helped Cathy clean herself off. Then he motioned for us to follow him into the bedroom.

We arrived at the foot of their bed. He instructed Cathy to strip and lay on the bed spread eagle. Cathy took off her pants, shoes, socks, and panties while we watched. Completely naked, she laid on her back in the middle of the large bed and spread her legs for us as instructed. This allowed my first view of Cathy's beautiful wet shaved pussy. My cock immediately recovered from the blowjob and was back to full attention.

Jim moved to the bed stand and grabbed a large vibrating dildo from the drawer. 

He handed it to Cathy and said loudly, "Now fuck yourself for us! We are going to watch you fuck yourself!"

Cathy took the vibrator and slid it into her shaved pussy. We stripped and moved to opposite sides of the bed. We watched in ritual fashion, with cocks at full attention, as Cathy took the vibrator with both hands and thrusted it in and out her soaking wet pussy.

Jim and I moved in closer. We began to suck on her tits and rub her body as she continued to ram the vibrator in and out of her bald pussy. It must have been wonderful for her to feel four hands rubbing every inch of her body as we sucked on her erect nipples and watched her masturbate.

It wasn't long before Cathy screamed "I'm cumming! Oh! I'm cumming!"

She had an amazing screaming orgasm. Her body shook for what seemed like a full 2 minutes.

Jim and I allowed her to recover for a few moments. Jim took the vibrator from her and threw it to the floor.

He said, "That is enough of the toy. Now you are going to get the real thing." 

Jim moved onto the bed and between Cathy's spread thighs. He pushed the head of his swollen cock into her shaved pussy. Cathy's body went stiff as he shoved all of his meat into her. She laid her head back, mouth open, and screamed. I took the opportunity to fill her open mouth with my cock. Cathy sucked my hard cock, holding it with both hands, as Jim fucked her pussy wildly. Cathy came for a second time while we were in this position. My cock filling her mouth muffled her screams of ecstasy. 

Soon after she came, Jim and I swapped positions. He allowed me to fuck his woman while she sucked his cock. I entered her pussy. She was tighter and hotter than I had imagined. It felt so good that I couldn't contain myself. I fucked her hard and fast. I had to cum again!

I yelled loudly, "I'm going to cum!"

I pulled out of her pussy and came all over her tits again. My orgasm must have triggered Jim. Because, he pulled his cock from Cathy's mouth and deposited another large load of spunk on her tits.

All three of us collapsed into a cum-drained pile on the bed and soon passed out.

I was the first to wake up. Slightly embarrassed, I grabbed my stuff and left the house before they woke up. I felt wonderful, strange, and embarrassed all at the same time. It is hard to explain how I felt. I went home and crashed. 

When I woke, I called them. Cathy answered. I asked her what she thought about last night. 

She said, "It was amazing."

She then revealed that it had been a fantasy of hers to fuck the two of us. Cathy and Jim had privately been discussing the possibility of a threesome for years. 

All it took was the right time, place, and mood for it all to come together. 

What an amazing night, indeed.