 The next thing that I knew, Desiree was on her knees in front of me, putting her lips around my cock to suck me as hard as a vacuum cleaner (okay, not that hard, but you get the idea). She never could deny me anything, aside from her one attempt at monogamy, which hadn't lasted. Even then, I get the feeling that if push came to shove, she'd simply use her red temper to have crazy makeup sex with me. Given her libido and her recent activities, she'd likely get the other woman to join us in bed, too. She was far more lustful and passionate, not to mention submissive, than most people would have ever guessed.

In any case, I nearly came in her mouth several times, only to have her back off so as to save my cum for even more fun. I couldn't object to that, however, or regard it as cruel, given her evident mission. Apparently, this was part of the girls' plan for me, to get me hot and bothered again for each of them. It certainly worked for me. 

When she had began to affect me enough, she stopped and gestured for me to stand up. Once I stood, she pushed me backward, into the arms of Blanca and Cristina, who then helped her put me flat on my back on the kitchen floor. It wasn't much longer until I was pinned entirely to the floor and Blanca's ass was in my face. Seeing her squat over me, I couldn't help but do exactly she wanted from me. I started spreading her cheeks and sliding my tongue between them as much and as vigorously as I could. 

Before long, I was also busy eating Blanca's pussy as well as her ass, devouring her as much as I could manage, desperately chasing her climax. I also nibbled a bit on her pussy lips and sucked hard on her clit, something that really seemed to have her at my mercy. I could tell that she bit her bottom lip a lot, as she gasped, moaned, and shivered in response to my mouth and tongue. Certainly, her movements as she rode my face allowed me to know how much impact my oral favors had on her body. Her body became increasingly rigid and taut, unable to control herself as I kept pleasuring her with my tongue. 

Eventually, Blanca couldn't restrain herself and began flooding my face with her juices. I licked all of them off her sweet cunt and thighs, at which point I pulled her down and kissed her on the lips. She eagerly slipped me some tongue and we tangled ours together in a make-out moment that had the other two women on the edge of their seats watching us. She definitely proved that she had no problem with tasting herself on my lips. 

"Thank you for being such a good sport, Ian. Mind if I ride your cock now while Tina straddles your face?" Blanca asked rather sweetly. 

Like the others, she was clearly pleased that I hadn't taken their assertiveness as anything but the playful wrestling kink that it was. I certainly hadn't resisted or said, "No," after all. I naturally wondered what Des would be doing while I had my delicious threesome with my new girlfriends, but that worry faded as I nodded and the women positioned themselves for our little orgy. Yes, they were sluts, but I liked them that way. There was nothing wrong with sluts in my book, as long as they were honest and fair sluts, not liars, cheats, and hypocrites. 

Anyway, I was soon too busy planting my tongue in Tina's pussy and impaling Blanca's cunt with my dick to notice that Des had moved behind Tina and added her tongue to mine. In short order, our tongues slithered like snakes across Tina's taint and caressed each other as we ate Tina out from her clit to her tail-bone. The sheer sensation of being licked so much had to be an overwhelming one for poor Tina, as demonstrated by her rising orgasm that never seemed to end. She just kept cumming, her fluids proving that she was in earnest. She whimpered and cussed in some rapid-fire, native Filipina dialect that I never could quite place. 

At the same time, my cock was buried inside Blanca's cunt, and she impaled herself with my dick, each inch sinking deeper into her pussy until she moaned and hissed in absolute ecstasy. There was a primal thrill that I couldn't explain away, as my cock played the role of a dildo to this saucy Mexican babe. Even better, her silky cunt massaged my dick to the hilt, her velvety cavern stroking me to the point of wanting to cum from that experience, if nothing else had been added. 

Knowing that she wanted me to fill her with my seed and knock her up made it impossible to resist the urge to cum as long as we expected it to take. Every part of my soul, heart, mind, body, will, etc. insisted that I put a bun in Blanca's wonderful oven. With any luck, I would have all three of them pregnant very soon. 

Right then, Des chose to help in her own deliciously wicked manner. She began by slipping her fingers into Tina's asshole, finishing the job of making her cum in as wet and messy a way as she could arrange. She also came rather loudly, right at the moment before Desiree pulled out her fingers and stuck them inside Blanca's booty in turn. 

Once again, my fiancee was the catalyst, this time of two orgasms, not just one. First, Blanca gripped my cock with her cunt while cumming on it, and then in so doing, she squeezed much of the cum from my balls that I could make right then. Then Desiree's motive became clear, as she licked my cock clean of Blanca's own juices and gave the Latina one hell of a lip-lock. Cristina, meanwhile did some licking of her own, cleaning up her fluids from my face, much to our satisfaction. 

"Help me up," I asked the girls, as I prepared to move to the bedroom and rest for the night. I was rather burned out right then, or at least felt that way. 

"Hell, no, mister. You're staying put for now. That way, you can nod off in this amazing kitchen with your three sluts, and as soon as you're in better shape, one of us can rape you in your sleep. If all goes right, you'll wake up to being serviced by one, two, or all three of us. Can you honestly tell me that you'd rather retire to the same old bed for the night, when instead, you can be resident stud to three sassy sluts between your many horny dreams? If so, I'll let you up. I'll be disappointed, but I'll let you up, and then put you on Viagra to help you service your women. Doctor's orders, so an exception to your dominance. 

"You have four of us now, counting Tammy, and you haven't even gotten to her yet. Even with Felix and Bacchus around, you need to be in your prime, baby. So, tell me honestly, which would you rather do? Sleep constantly and wake up to morning wood, or instead let three horny women have their way with you in phases and turns while you're half-asleep, until you get up for the day? Tell the truth and shame the devil," Desiree showed all of us just how well she really knew me by posing that question to me in such blunt terms. 

"Okay, you got me there. What do you ladies plan to do while I'm fully asleep, though?" I asked, truly curious. 

"That's for us to know and you to find out, babe," Blanca chimed in, winking at Des and Tina. 

From the way that they giggled, I could guess, but I also didn't mind. As horny as they were, they deserved some satisfaction, right? As I drifted off to sleep, I couldn't help but think that if I died and went to Heaven right then, I'd still want to come back here. This was my version of Paradise, after all, snuggling up naked on a bare kitchen floor with three ravishing babes who only wanted to please, and so far had greatly succeeded, especially as I knew that they planned to take advantage of me at their earliest convenience. Giving that up would be my personal Hell. I simply knew that this was the way it should be for us. We belonged together like this, for the rest of our lives. In the morning, I would tell the others what I thought, hoping that they would agree. Who would ever want to give this up, after all? Who in their right mind ever would want to leave this life behind? Certainly not me, was all I knew. 

I might be crazy, but I'm not stupid.