 Author's note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive. 

This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law of the United States or of the country you belong to, and in which, you are a citizen. 

My sincere thanks to Literotica volunteer editor "MissZ" for all the good suggestions and editing.

Hi friends, I am Mohan and I grew up in a small town just north of Cannanore in Kerala. I welcome comments to help improve future stories.

**********

The main characters in this narrative are:

Lt. Rajkumar Singh -- Tall, athletic, 27 years old, seven-inch cock. Loves sex.

Sonia (Lt.'s wife) -- Tall, slim, fair, 24 years old, 36C boobs, well-toned, tight pussy, petite nipples, short hair, loves to suck cock, loves to swallow cum. Loves blue lace bras and matching panties. Favorite position -- Cowgirl.

Shakeera (Sonia's cousin) -- Tall, slim, fair, 21 years old, college girl, 34B boobs, tight pussy, petite nipples, long hair. Loves white lace bras and matching panties. Favorite position -- Doggie.

Mohan (myself) -- Tall, athletic, 26 years old, six-inch cock. Loves sex.

Priyanka (my wife) -- Medium height, slim, wheat complexion, 22 years old, 34B boobs, well-toned, tight pussy, large areolas, medium-length hair, loves to suck cock, loves to swallow cum. Had some lesbian experience with Nalini -- Loves black lace bras and matching panties. Favorite position -- Cowgirl.

Nalini (our housemaid) -- Medium height, wheat complexion, 18 years old, virgin, 36C boobs, large areolas, long hair, never sucked cock, never had her pussy licked. Had some lesbian experience with Priyanka -- Loves red satin bras and matching panties. Favorite position --?????

**********

Priyanka and I were married for almost two years and lived in a four bedroom bungalow in a small town in northern Kerala. Our eighteen-year-old maid, Nalini, helped with the cooking, housework and other chores. Priyanka and I were very content with our married life and we had sex five or six times each week, usually after dinner and sometimes during the day on weekends, when Nalini was at the market. The sex was good; Priyanka enjoyed trying various positions even though her favorite was cowgirl. She was very accomplished in the art of lovemaking and was good at 'milking' known in Kerala lingo (Malayalam) as 'kunna pallu karrakal'. I gave her multiple orgasms with my pussy-licking and good hard fucking with my medium-sized, six-inch cock. She particularly liked the bulbous mushroom head and frequently licked it and sucked it during foreplay.

On some occasions when she was very horny, she started out sucking my cock to completion -- I would ejaculate inside her mouth; she would swallow and usually had a strong orgasm while swallowing. Our foreplay usually began with my caressing, squeezing and sucking her boobs, licking and nibbling her big nipples, her boobs, her neck, and licking her pussy. I always swallowed all her pussy juices when she climaxed -- then she sucked my cock for a while, and later we fucked. 

My wife and Nalini got along very well and were like close friends. One day, by accident, I found out how close they were. Kerala is well known for relaxing oil massages and Priyanka liked her weekly oil massages. Nalini usually did the 45-minute massage for Priyanka. One day, I had forgotten some files and unexpectedly decided to come home and get them. As was customary in most homes in the area, we usually left our front door open. I found it closed and locked, and assumed that Priyanka and Nalini were out. I used my key, got in and was about to go to the family room, when I heard moaning sounds coming from our bedroom.

I was shocked and froze -- the sounds were definitely Priyanka's. Was she masturbating? Or worse yet, was she having an affair with another man? We had just made love the previous night, in multiple positions, and was positive that I had satisfied her very well. This made me very concerned.

I tiptoed to the next room and peeped through the connecting window. (In many older Kerala houses, it is common to have windows between rooms). I was surprised at what I saw. 

Priyanka was naked, on her back, being massaged by Nalini, who was in her pink lace bra and matching panties. I could see our maid's left hand squeeze Priyanka's firm breasts while her right hand massaged her pussy. Nalini's finger was inside my wife's vagina and in turn she had my wife's fingers inside her panties. My wife did most of the moaning and Nalini let out an occasional sigh and moan. Then Nalini leaned over and they both French kissed while Nalini fingered my wife's cunt and caressed her clitoris. 

The movements became faster and faster and Priyanka cried, "Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Oh Nalini, my golden girl! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Naliniiiiiiiiiiiiiiii...! Naliniiiiiiiiiiiiiiii...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! (Endah ponnu moaleh!)" as she climaxed and then they hugged and kissed.

My wife then made Nalini lie down, undid her bra and peeled off her panties. Now my wife massaged our maid, squeezed her boobs and sucked her nipples. She applied some oil to her bush, massaged Nalini's pussy and fingered her vagina.

Nalini was moaning, "Oh my God! This feels great! Aaaaayyyyyyoooohhhhh...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...!" "(Endah deyvehmeah...! Priyanka edathi, nallah rasaam undeh!)" 

This sight made my cock hard as a rock and I wanted to barge inside. It would have been great to fuck them both hard. Just then, I remembered my business meeting and disappointment took over me. I didn't want to startle the girls and embarrass them. I smiled, picked up my folders, and quietly left.

This incident stayed on my mind for the rest of the day. I got home as usual that evening, kissed Priyanka, gave her some jalebi (Indian sweets) that I had bought and we had a quiet evening. We three had our dinner along with some light conversation. Looking at these two women during dinner, brought back visions of what I had witnessed earlier, and my cock was hard. My wife didn't realize this until she placed her hand under the table and caressed my thighs as she often does; just to embarrass me in our maid's presence. There was a look of pleasant surprise when she felt my erect cock and gently squeezed it. She stroked it a few times and watched the expressions on my face.

We finished our dinner, I helped with the dishes, watched the news on TV and quickly retired to bed. I hugged and kissed Priyanka, and caressed her breasts, while she took my pants off. We undressed each other and I sucked her nipples and lightly bit them just the way she liked it. I knew they were sensitive as a result of her earlier interlude with our maid. I was in a naughty mood and wanted to embarrass her a little.

"Go a little easy darling, my nipples are sore. I can tell that you are very horny. I will fuck you and milk your cock very well tonight."

I just smiled and went straight between her legs. I licked her inner thighs, gently sucked and lightly nibbled on them. Her pussy was wet and inviting. I played with her luxuriant pussy hair and teased her with my fingers. Her clit was peeping from under its hood. I licked her inner lips including her clit rapidly with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh, honey, I can't stand this any longer. Please fuck me darling. Fuck me hard."

I positioned myself over her and with one swift thrust penetrated her. I pounded her with some fast short strokes and then changed to long strokes amid her screams. She was louder than usual and that got me wondering. Was it for Nalini's benefit? Was she preparing Nalini for her grand initiation to penetrative sex? All these thoughts just got me even more excited as I continued my onslaught and fucked her harder. She squeezed her pussy muscles and milked my cock. At one point I even fantasized that it was Nalini under me and fucked her relentlessly. After about ten minutes of this vigorous fucking and milking, I felt her body stiffen. I was also ready to ejaculate and went faster.

Priyanka screamed loudly, "Fuck me, baby. Oh, darling, I'm cumming! Ooooohhhhh...!"

Simultaneously, I screamed, "Oh, sweetheart, harder, darling! Priyanka, I'm cumming! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...! Priyankaaaaaahhhhh...!" and shot my hot semen deep inside her cunt in some eight or nine strong spurts.

We rested briefly, washed up and went back to bed. I cuddled Priyanka and thanked her.

"Honey, what got into you tonight? You were like a raging bull and screamed so loud that I am sure that Nalini heard you. Did you meet any new hot chicks in the office?"

"Oh, you noticed, eh? No, sweetheart, you are my hottest chick."

"Darling, I know you so well. There is something that excited you and got you hard even while the three of us were having dinner." She giggled, "Is it Nalini?"

I could not hold out any longer and told her that I knew her secret.

She asked, "What secret?" 

I replied coyly, "If I told you, it would no longer be your secret, would it?" 

She said playfully, "Come on darling -- please tell me," and grabbed my cock. 

She squeezed the head and pleaded, "Tell me and I will suck this all night. If you don't tell me, I will rip this off."

I laughed at her desperation and told her, "I came home earlier to get some files, and saw you and Nalini in the bedroom this afternoon."

"Oh that" Priyanka replied quickly, "She was just giving me my weekly massage."

I said, "Looked like more than a massage to me -- she had her finger inside your pussy, massaged your clit and you climaxed -- then you did the same for her; that's when I left."

Priyanka looked at me, "How long did you watch? My darling, I hope you don't mind."

I held her, "When did this start, darling?"

"One day about five months ago, during the regular massage I got very aroused and asked her to massage my pussy -- it felt good and I climaxed. From then on we have been doing it for each other regularly -- Please don't mind, my darling."

"That's OK honey" I assured her, "As long as you keep it within our home, and with Nalini, I don't see a problem. Do you lick each other's pussies?"

Priyanka replied, "Yes, we do that sometimes. Nalini is a nice girl -- I would like you to enjoy her, too. She is a virgin. I will talk to her and bring her to our bedroom one of these days, and we can have a nice threesome. I think that we will all enjoy that."

I have never seen this side of Priyanka. Then she confided in me and told me that while she was in college, the married girls would openly talk about group sex and occasionally engage in such activities with close friends. Some of the bolder single girls were curious, wanted variety, and they too engaged in these activities.

Priyanka surprised me again by asking, "What about the new Punjabi Lieutenant at the army base. He has a beautiful wife and sister-in-law, actually, her cousin -- we can invite them over and see what happens."

"Punjabi girls are hot," I said, "And I suppose in Punjab they would say that Kerala girls are hot," and we both laughed.

"And Punjabi men have big cocks, they say," Priyanka added. "Only one way to find out how big."

I asked her, "Honey, you told me that you had other boyfriends while at college, before you met me -- what is the biggest cock that you had?"

Priyanka looked at me, giggled and replied, "Eight inches. Govind, a college mate from Cannanore. And the smallest was less than five inches, slightly bigger than my finger -- I dated him only once."

"I bet you had many dates with the eight-inch guy," I stated.

Priyanka replied, "Of course -- me and two other college girls, Lalitha and Sheila, fucked Govind whenever we got a chance."

"My God!" I exclaimed "Yes, Sheila, I can imagine, but I would never have guessed that about Lalitha. She is always so quiet and soft-spoken."

Priyanka replied, "Yeah, the quietest ones are the wildest ones. Govind told me, that Lalitha screamed the loudest. I think that all the girls screamed with pleasure."

"Did you?" I asked.

"His cock was so big and the pleasure was so intense" she replied. "And his full strokes were fast and gave us multiple G-Spot orgasms -- Yes, I did my share of screaming. Now, it is you who makes me scream."

Then she mischievously added, "We can invite Lalitha over one day, and you can try her out and see how loudly she screams."

"Well, darling, you got me excited" I said, "Let's keep Lalitha for another day, and for now, let's invite this Punjabi Lieutenant and the ladies over for dinner and drinks; sometimes liquor does wonders -- how about next Saturday? And honey, are you really ready for the outcome? Are you sure about all this?"

Priyanka said, "It sounds exciting darling -- others have tried it, so let's give it a try -- I'll call the Lieutenant in the morning and also coax Nalini into joining the party -- She's been a virgin too long. I think that she is hot and ready for some cock!"

**********

Priyanka made all the arrangements and Saturday finally arrived. It was a warm evening, the sun was about to set and the gentle sea breeze provided some comfort from the day's heat. Priyanka and I awaited the arrival of our dinner guests Lieutenant Rajkumar, his wife Sonia and Sonia's cousin Shakeera. Lieutenant Rajkumar from Punjab, was newly assigned to the small, 150-man, local army base that engaged mainly in the maintenance of military vehicles. Priyanka and I met Lt. Rajkumar and Sonia at the local community center and chatted with them about some of the local recreational areas. We were all active tennis players.

Priyanka and Nalini had labored all day and prepared a wonderful Kerala meal consisting of chicken curry, fried fish, vegetables, pachadi and payasam (dessert). Nalini was like a family member and participated in all of our family outings.

The afternoon was drawing to a close, and we were seated on the front porch (verandah) listening to the soft music playing in the living room, when our guests arrived. Priyanka welcomed Lt. Rajkumar, Sonia and Shakeera. Sonia wore a tightly draped blue saree with a short matching blouse and Shakeera wore a traditional Punjabi orange salwar (long snug fitting long-sleeved shirt-like top) with matching kameez (comfortable pants, snug at the bottom, loose at the thighs). Priyanka was dressed in a tight black skirt and a red top. Nalini wore a lime green salwar with matching kameez. All four women had great bodies, and looked stunning and sexy in their tastefully selected outfits showing the right amount of cleavage. Both Priyanka's as well as Nalini's big nipples outlines were clearly visible due to the slight erection caused by all the excitement of having guests over.

Lt. Rajkumar brought us a gift of a bottle of Scotch, but we decided to start the evening with some red wine. Priyanka served us the wine, while Nalini poured herself some cola since she had never tasted alcoholic beverages. Priyanka went over and whispered something to Nalini, and Nalini set the cola aside and poured herself a glass of wine. We toasted to a good friendship and sipped the wine. We snacked on some roasted cashew nuts and papads of various kinds. It was getting dark and the mosquitoes started buzzing. We decided to go inside and continue the party in the living room. We were now on our second bottle of wine, and the girls were giggling during our conversation. Hunger overcame us quickly and we proceeded to the dining room.

The table was well laid out and the feast looked almost as delicious and tempting as the women. Sonia was the most talkative, looked at the dessert side table and saw the payasam along with the typical extra large Kerala bananas. These are locally known as 'Nhendra pazham' and are about nine inches long and two inches thick. 

Sonia picked up a banana, looked at Lt. Raj, winked, and commented, "This looks delicious! Oooooooowwwwwww...!" and then turned to my wife and said, "Shakeera will love this!"

Shakeera knew what Sonia meant, blushed and then all the girls giggled and burst out laughing. Nalini was embarrassed at these lewd and suggestive comments but found them humorous and laughed anyway.

Lt. Rajkumar asked, "We have done justice to the wine -- How about some Scotch with the meal?" 

We all agreed to try the Scotch and Priyanka served it to us on the rocks. 

Sonia raised the toast, "To Shakeera and Nalini -- hope they find their men soon," and giggled.

Lt. Raj and Sonia were seated across from my wife and I, Shakeera at the head of the table, and Nalini at the opposite end. The wine and the Scotch had their effect on Sonia who giggled a lot and flirted with me. On a couple of occasions, I felt her bare foot on my knee from under the table, and she looked at me seductively. I brushed it off as the liquor going to work. The soft music added to the sensuality of the scene.

We were done with our meal and Nalini served us dessert; the delicious payasam that she had prepared. Lt. Rajkumar enjoyed it so much that he stated, "This is very good! If I were single, I would marry you right away!" and everyone laughed. Nalini felt honored! 

The sweet payasam had a thick liquid consistency, similar to porridge, and as I ate it, my mind wandered and I thought to myself 'I would like to pour it on Sonia's breasts and lick it off -- Maybe pour it all over her sexy body, and then, lick it off slowly.'

After dinner, we all helped clear the table and moved over to the living room. Nalini wanted to do the dishes, but we insisted that she join us. And she did.

The stereo was playing soft music and Lt. Rajkumar asked the hostess, my wife, for a dance as is customary among military officers during banquets. While they were dancing, I asked Sonia for a dance and she was in my arms, as we swayed to the soft music. Sonia's perfume was very sensual, her body was taut, and I felt the firmness of her big breasts as we danced close. She held me tight and squeezed my palm a few times. It didn't take much and my cock started stirring, and within moments, it was erect. I was feeling a little embarrassed, and wondered what Sonia would think if she knew about my predicament. I did not have to wonder for long. She stuck her thigh between my thighs and felt the firmness of my erection. She looked at me, giggled in satisfaction and whispered in my ear, "Another Kerala banana?"

I glanced at Lt. Raj dancing with my wife. My wife was a small town girl, led a somewhat sheltered life and was uncomfortable at first, with close dancing. Lt. Raj was stronger, and pulled her towards him. She gave in, and let him hold her tight. Lt. Raj's right hand was on my wife's exposed midriff and occasionally he dropped his hand onto her butt and caressed it. She was blushing, then her face turned red, and by the look of disbelief on her face, I could tell that she had felt Lt. Raj's erection!

Sonia turned to me and whispered, "Now it's Shakeera's turn -- show her a good time Mohan." I thanked Sonia for the pleasure of the dance and I proceeded towards Shakeera.
