 It started out weird. 

Sitting in the bedroom, listening to girls giggling downstairs, that's weird. But there I was, sitting in my bedroom, reading a ridiculously boring book and trying to think about something – anything other than the party that was going on downstairs.

Sarah, my wife of eight years, was entertaining the girls. It's something she doesn't do that often without me; but on this occasion she was throwing a pajama party, and my presence was neither requested nor desired. All told, there were four girls at the party. My wife and three girlfriends. And they were drinking wine and watching movies and playing cards and girl-talking the night away, barely fifteen feet below me. In pajamas and nightgowns, no less! All silky and cottony and smooth.

Poor me. Sitting there listening to them giggle while the bulge in my pants continued to grow. I adjusted my jeans to give my guy a little more room and tried to get my mind off of the girls and back into my book. A book which, I must say, was growing ever more boring by the minute.

I heard someone running from the family room to the kitchen, then more giggles. Some struggling or play-fighting, an "ouch" and then a laugh. My mind raced. Pajama-clad women play-fighting in my house. And here I was, trying to ignore my erection, sitting alone in my bedroom. I had to find something else to do. Something louder than the playful giggles of four beautiful women.

And then it got quiet. Too quiet. The giggling stopped.

I should have focused my attention back on my book. I should have forgotten about the girls – pushed these images out of my head. But I didn't. Like a crazy sound-voyeur, I had to know why the giggling had stopped. Had to know where the sound had gone. Had to know what happened next. I was obsessed in my imagination.

I could see them in my mind. I naturally imagined they were involved in some hot girl-on-girl-on-girl-on-girl action. I could see my wife in the center of the room, with three girls tending to her every need. A head on each of her breasts. I tongue on each nipple. A head between her legs, softly caressing her clit. Soft lips kissing her most intimate place, as an imperceptible moan slipping languidly from her lips. 

My dick throbbed in my pants. I closed my eyes and leaned back in my chair, allowing a bit more room for my expanding member, but that wouldn't do. I unsnapped my pants and pushed the zipper down, giving my erection the room it needed; then I went ahead and took my jeans completely off. Boxers, too. 

"It's my house," I thought. "If I want to sit here naked and read my book, that's just what I'm going to do."

And I did. I stripped off all of my clothes and plopped myself back in that cold leather chair. But the chair was too cold against my naked skin. That wasn't going to work. I hopped to the bed and pulled the covers over me.

I can't recall the last time I was naked and alone in our bed. It's been a while. "Sarah's in for quite a shock when she comes to bed," I thought; and slipped my hand down to massage my stiff erection, imagining her hand, not mine, upon me.

And then, out of the blue, another giggle. My heart was beating strongly now. Nervousness, excitement, I can't say which. Had that giggle come from the stairs? It was louder. It sounded close. I pulled the covers over me, just in case someone was headed my way.

I heard a footfall on the stairs and scrambled to get my book. Someone was coming, and I had to act natural. I fumbled to get the book off the nightstand and managed to flip it open just as my wife pushed the bedroom fully open.

"Honey?" she said, all smiles.

"Hmmm?" I asked, looking up from my book.

"The wine's gone. Is it okay if the girls and I have some of your whiskey?"

I looked across the room at her. She was a vision. Her flowing, straight blonde hair was tied into a pair of ponytails over her shoulders, and her bubblegum-pink pajamas were barely concealing the curve of her breasts. She smiled at me, and leapt from the doorway to the bed, crawling up the length of my body.

She kissed me on the lips, straddling me with her body, the covers separating us.

"Oh my," she said. "What's this?"

She rolled to one side of me and put her hand over the bulge in the covers. "Wow," she smiled. "You're awful glad to see me."

I pushed my book off to the side and reached for my wife, pulling her back onto me, kissing her. Her lips tasted of red wine and chocolate. I ran my tongue along her lower lip as a moan escaped her lips.

I slid my hand along her back, slipping it under her pajama top, pushing her top up as I darted my hand inside. She dropped her lips to my neck, and kissed me again.

"No shirt?" she lifted her head from my shoulder and peeked under the covers. "No clothes? Aaron, are you naked?" she asked.

I smiled. "I'm going crazy up here listening to the four of you giggle," I replied. A little honesty never hurt.

She flashed her eyes wide and pushed the covers to one side, pouncing on my erect penis. I gasped as she took it into her mouth.

"Oh God," I said.

She slid her lips down the length of my shaft as she cupped my testicles with her left hand. She brought her right hand to the base of me, working her mouth across the head, gently tugging upward with her right hand. My penis slid to the back of her throat as she took all of me in. I let a moan escape my lips as she increased her rhythm, stroking me into her mouth as her lips danced across the head of my penis. I could feel tingling in my toes. She slid her mouth up and down my length, gently milking me. My eyes rolled back in my head.

She slid her mouth from the end of me. "Oh crap," she said.

I looked at her, cupping my privates in her hands, my dick slick with her saliva, my legs akimbo in a circle around her crouching pink form. I said nothing, but I was willing her to stay. To finish the job. To put her incredible lips back on me.

She looked at the clock on the nightstand. "That movie's got another 15 minutes," she said – more to herself than to me. She shifted her gaze back to me, catching my eyes. "You were afraid I was going to leave you like this, weren't you?" she said with an evil grin.

"It seemed likely. What with the pajama party going on downstairs and all," I said. She slipped her lips around me and stroked my throbbing penis once or twice into her mouth.

"We're watching that video Jenny brought," she said, lifting her head again. I tiny trail of saliva connecting her lip to me. "They won't come looking for me for a few more minutes." She took my penis back into her mouth and stroked me with her moist lips. I could feel her tongue on the underside of my penis, massaging me. Her hand slick on my shaft. I closed my eyes again.

She moaned into my dick. I could feel the tingle all through my body as she ran her tongue along my length. "Come for me baby," she whispered, talking into my penis as she worked me to the brink.

Suddenly her lips were on me again, working up and down as she milked me to orgasm. She was relentless. The muscles in my legs tensed up as I felt my climax building. My breathe was growing ragged. My fingers and hands were tingling. I gasped and reached for her as I came, shooting my load deep into her throat. She sucked my cock as she pumped me a few more times, swallowing every drop of my load. 

My tingling body slowly returned to something resembling normalcy. I opened my eyes, blissful and content.

And there was Jenny standing in the doorway. Her eyes wide open, staring straight at my cock. My semi-erect manhood, still cupped in my wife's hands. My wife, quite oblivious to her presence, treating me to a couple of lollipop licks. And there stood sweet beautiful Jenny, agog. 

A voice broke the silence. It was Teri. Another of the girls in our house.

"Jenny, did you find her?" Teri's voice startled my wife, who quickly rolled off of me, turning toward the door.

Teri appeared behind Jenny as my wife leapt from the bed.

"I was just on my way down," Sarah said crossing the bedroom toward the door.

I was reaching for the covers, pretending to possess at least a little modesty when Jenny finally spoke. "Sarah, that was incredible. I've never watched someone give a blowjob before."

Teri laughed. "I wondered what was taking you so long, Sarah," she said. "Did you watch them, Jen?"

Jenny's cheeks were flush. She turned back to Teri. "You have no idea," she said in a half-whisper. I always thought that blowjobs were kind of demeaning to us girls, you know. Like the man was just using your mouth as a tool. But that was something. You were totally in control, Sarah. You had him in the palm of your hands."

"I know." Sarah smiled. She turned toward me and winked. "We'd better head downstairs before Suzy comes looking for us, too."

"You rang?" said Suzy, reaching the top stair. "Thanks for ditchin' me, guys. I suppose I was missing some hot porno action up here."

"Actually, yeah," Jenny laughed. "I was watching Sarah give Aaron a blowjob."

"No shit?"

"For real," Jenny smiled. "And it was hot."

"How big's his dick?"

"I don't know. Sarah, make him show us again."

My wife looked at me and grinned. "I think that's up to Aaron," she said. Always the diplomat.

"I tell you what," I said. "You two kiss, and I'll show it to you."

"Who? Suzy and me?" asked Jenny.

I was well aware of Jenny's appreciation for girls. She and my wife had played together a time or two in the past. I hoped I knew what I was doing. "You got it," I said. "The more you two kiss, the more of me you get to see."

Jenny looked at Suzy. "No problem," she said as she pulled Suzy to her.

Watching two women kiss is always enjoyable, but watching two women kiss while you're sitting in bed naked surrounded my two other women wearing nothing but pajamas, that's a moment right out of a porno movie. That sort of thing doesn't really happen. But here it was, happening in my bedroom.

Jenny and Suzy's kiss continued. Jenny had moved one of her hands to Suzy's cheek, and I could see that Suzy was biting lightly on Jenny's lower lip. They were both enjoying it. Whether for my benefit or now, I'm unclear; but my cock didn't care. I was throbbing back to life as Teri plopped down next to me on the bed.

"You like that, huh?" she said to me. "What is it about two girls kissing that gets guys so excited?"

My wife plopped down on the bed, too. Sitting with her legs across mine. "I don't know, Teri, but I think they're enjoying it more than he is." 

I was becoming convinced that Sarah was right. Jenny and Suzy were clearly enjoying their kiss. And I don't think it was the audience. Suzy's hand was snaking its way around Jenny's waist, pushing itself into her waistband and cupping Jenny's bare ass.


"This is weird." Teri said. "Watching chicks make out."

My wife leaned across me and into Teri. I wasn't sure whether Teri was going to run from the room screaming or what. Teri gasped, then giggled, then turned away. She giggled again, then turned back. "You were going to kiss me, weren't you?"

"It's weird, Teri, but don't you want to know what it's like to kiss me?" Sarah asked.

"A little." Teri smiled, nearly whispering. 

Sarah leaned in again and she and Teri connected across me. Sarah's pink tongue snaked out from her mouth and lightly touched Teri's as Teri smiled and closed her eyes.

And then the floodgate opened. And all hell broke loose.

I lay there, still under the covers, naked, erect, disoriented, excited, confused as Teri pushed my wife back and climbed onto her on the bed. Teri kissed her lips then her soft cheek, slowly tracing a line of wet kisses across my wife's face, to her ear, and then down to her neck.

"Teri, that feels so good," Sarah smiled. 

They kissed once or twice more, and then Teri's lips again found themselves on the nape of Sarah's neck. As Sarah's eyes closed, I watched her hands snaking around Teri, slipping under the edge of her nightgown, pushing it up. In a flash – literally – Teri's nightgown was on the floor and Teri was pushing her firm breasts into my wife as she continued to kiss her.

Sarah's hands were on Teri's ass, massaging it through her panties as Teri continued to run her tongue down the length of my wife's neck, pushing the pajamas over as she extended her trail of kisses to Sarah's shoulder. Teri began to slowly, deliberately unbutton my wife's pajama top – was she trying to tease Sarah? -- as my wife moaned and slipped a hand into Teri's panties, cupping her butt. Sarah lifted her head from the bed, extending forward, taking one of Teri's firm nipples into her mouth.

"Jesus, Sarah" Teri whispered. "Oh my – huh – oh." But Sarah was relentless. She pushed Teri back onto the bed, and I slid off to one side to give her more room. Sarah took Teri's nipples in her mouth as she pushed Teri flat on the bed, sliding her fingers gently under the edge of Teri's underwear and into the warm folds between Teri's legs. 

"Oh Jesus, Jesus," Teri whimpered as my wife made first contact with her pussy. But Sarah needed no second invitation. She pushed Teri's panties to one side and replaced her finger with her tongue, gently running her tongue along the length of Teri's swelling pussy lips. Teri's eyes rolled back into her head as my wife consumed her, licking her pussy at length, massaging Teri's clit with her tongue.

Teri's knees came up to either side of Sarah's head as Sarah worked a finger into Teri's twat. Teri kicked and flailed her feet as Sarah wrapped her lips around Teri's clit. The bed shook as Teri fucked Sarah's face, bucking involuntarily into my wife's tongue and finger. A steady stream of blasphemies (in the form of Jesus – Jesus – Jesus and not much else) escaped from Teri's lips as she began to shake involuntarily, her orgasm finally bringing her thrashing body to rest.

I can't say what happened next, exactly, because the rest of the night blurs for me. As I sat there, transfixed, unable to look away from Sarah's smiling face glistening with pussy juice, I felt lips on my penis again, and looked down to see my growing member slipping into Jenny's warm mouth.

Jenny's puffy lips were different then my wife's usual treatment, but no less enjoyable. I watched in rapt fascination as my erection disappeared into her mouth. Jenny moaned, and I moaned with her as I watched Suzy make her way around the bed. Suzy stopped to the left of the bed, watching Jenny as she sucked me. I watched Suzy, she watched Jenny, Jenny watched me. 

Teri cried out again, and Jenny and I both looked to the other side of the bed, where my wife was unforgivingly working Teri to a second orgasm. Her fingers -- two or three of them buried between Teri's thighs – were a blur of motion. I watched as Sarah pushed her fingers deep into Teri's tight twat, Teri's face a mixture of intense pleasure and uncontrollable desire. I caught my wife's eye just for a moment – she smiled at me – and then I found a naked thigh blocking my view of my wife.

Suzy's delivered her shiny shaved pussy to me with a thigh to each side of my face. I ran my tongue against the side of her mound, and felt the shiver run through her thighs as she pushed herself onto me. I moaned. She shivered again, as I slowly cupped my lips, sucking her clit into my mouth.

"Oh fuck me," she grunted, leaning forward into the wall behind me, literally grinding her pussy into my chin as I sucked on her clit. "Yeah," she said, pounding my face with her cunt. "Oh fuck yeah."

Jenny slid herself upright, sliding my over-stimulated prick deep into her hot hole. She put her hands on Suzy's midriff to balance herself as she leaned forward on my shaft, grinding me into her. I could see her lips on Suzy's neck, kissing and sucking at her, as she pounded her pussy into me, moving in syncopated rhythm, trying her best to provide some spastic match to Suzy's rocking against my tongue and our headboard.

I did what I could, pushing my tongue into Suzy's clit, sucking and licking at her sopping wet box while Jenny fucked me. I did my best, working the shaft of my penis against Jenny's clit as she took long deliberate forceful strokes. I slid a hand up to Suzy's firm ass, pulling her onto my tongue burying a finger in her puckering ass, willing her to orgasm, working her as best I could.

And then I slipped into another world. I watched as my wife crawled between them, taking Jenny's rock-hard clit into her mouth, sucking Jenny's little bud as Jenny fucked me. I could feel it. It was crazy. I could feel the warmth against my shaft. The added weight on my chest. The added wetness between my legs. The increase in Jenny's enthusiasm. I watched as Teri pushed herself into the mix, taking one of Suzy's nipples in her mouth. Suzy squealed.

There was a hand on Suzy's ass. I no longer know whose. Another fighting me to gain access to her cunt. Another on my chest. There was a tongue between my legs and a hand cupping Jenny's cunt and ass, pushing her into me. The room was a hot, sticky explosion of sex and sexuality. My eyes rolled back into my head as I felt my orgasm welling up in me as a tingling numbness overwhelmed me.

"Oh God, yes." I was groaning into Suzy's pussy as my pelvis began to buckle into Jenny. Jenny cried out, "I'm cumming," and Sarah pushed back, enjoying Teri's hand on her clit. I pumped an overload of come deep into Jenny's hole, crying out from the forcefulness of my orgasm, every inch of my body tingling, a virtual overload of excitement.

And then I heard giggling. I tried to will my eyes open, but I was still too numb to gain full control of my body. I heard the giggle again, and cracked my right eye half-open. 

Sarah was standing at the door in her bubblegum-pink pajamas. "You look like you're having fun," she winked at me.

"Jesus, you have no idea," I whispered hoarsely.

"The girls are gone. Do you have an orgasm left for me, or did you spill it all into the sheet," she asked as she began to unbutton her pajama top.

"You have no idea," I repeated.

Sarah slipped her pajama bottoms to the floor, kicking a leg over me and pushing my still-erect penis into her warmth. "God, you're hard Aaron," she moaned. 

I pulled her to me, pushing my rock hard penis as far into her as I could manage. "I was just thinking about you," I said.

"I can see that," Sarah whispered, bringing her stiff nipples into contact with my chest. 

"You have no idea," I said as I drew her lips to mine.