 It was only a few feet to the school steps and I jumped one footed on my skateboard to cover them.

"Spencer!" the familiar voice of Principal Hess snapped. Even before he said it I knew what he was going to say and jumped off the board with just enough bravado to impress the passing cheerleaders. He still continued striding over from the corner where he'd been standing talking to one of the teachers. If I'd seen him before I hopped on I wouldn't have bothered, I like a bit of a bad boy reputation, but not enough to go deliberately out of my way to get caught. I stood waiting for him.

He stopped in front of me, looking up as he was inches below my six foot, in his late forties and starting to bulk out with a tummy that hung just past the pants and with hair that had been fashionable where Star Wars was first released. But looks could be deceiving. Though he looked pissed he gave me a quick secret wink to tell me it was all for show, before launching into his rant. "Skateboards... school property... dangerous... unsightly...stupid...leave in car... locker..." I blocked out most of the words in between as tried to strike a pose to hit that sweet spot between respectfully listen to teacher for him and cool nonchalance to the rest of the audience.

"Stay behind and see me after school," he finished on. 

That was promising, I couldn't imagine him wasting his time hanging around at the end of the day if all he planned to do was give me another lecture on school rules. But still I had to play it up for the cheerleaders "Aw, sir, I've got plans."

"Cancel them," he snapped. He couldn't have written up his intentions more clearly than if he'd painted them in luminous letters on the side of the gym; I wondered if he'd been deliberately waiting at the corner to bust me for a minor infraction – it was easier than giving my cell a call. Less risky as well, no-one would question him disciplining a student, they might think he was harsh, but I knew he didn't mind being thought of as a High School martinet; but they might ask why Paul Hess was calling one of his students phones. 

None of the onlookers knew this, so I gave them a show of held in anger, making it look like I was only raining in saying something I'd regret with difficulty, before managing a terse, "Yes, sir."

"I'll see you tonight," he turned and strode off.

I picked the skateboard off the floor and put it under my arm, I'd place it in the locker. Gabby Pulitz, the tallest of the cheerleaders and one of the few I hadn't banged gave me a sympathetic smile, which suggested that wouldn't remain true for long. "Christ, Mike, the Principal really tore you a new one. What have you done to upset him? Shit in his coffee mug."

"Yeah, just cos I skateboarded, what... two feet?" I nodded, giving her a quick smile.

"He's an asshole." she said sympathetically. She made clear to her two friends that I was going to be walking up the steps and through the school doors with her and they politely held back as I took the position. She shook her head, evidentially still angry on my behalf, "He just needs to get laid more."

"Don't we all?" I grinned. 

She laughed and touched my arm flirtatiously, "Oh yes," she purred. Then her face went all serious again, "But him especially. I bet he's not fucked anyone since College."

As he was a divorcee with two daughters Gabby must have known that was unlikely. Still she didn't have my inside knowledge of the Principal and that less than forty-eight hour ago we'd both been balls deep in this hot senior from Roseview High, the town where he lived. I didn't say that, "Probably longer. Wouldn't surprise me if he's a virgin who's only action is with his hand." I made fapping motion and Gabby laughed. We stopped by the lockers and I leant close to her, intimate and seductive, "So you want to grab a coffee sometime. Go see a movie... or we could do something else?"

Her eyes sparkled as her lip upturned in a small smile. "Something else could be interesting," she purred and I knew I'd got her in, "Though not tonight..."

"No, not tonight." Tonight I had other plans, even if I didn't yet know what they were the Principal did.

*

I stepped into the reception area of the Principal's office. Mrs Goodall, his PA, looked up from her computer screen as I entered, a look of concern with a touch of exasperation on her face. "Oh Mike, again... he only had you in Friday."

As that had been to see if I was up for DPing a hot slut over the weekend I didn't have the same view of it as Mrs Goodall. But to let her think that he had it in for me I gave her a cocky, conspiratorial smile, "I think he's jealous of my looks."

"Oh Mike," she laughed, blushing slightly the way someone does when they desire something they not only can't have, but can't admit to wanting. Not that I wouldn't... she was a little plump, but in another light you could call it voluptuousness and then be something to come onto before I painted her face with my cum. I couldn't see the Principal wanting to bone his PA, but I should remember to ask whether he'd mind if I gave it a go, I could tell him I was testing the professional mores of his staff, whilst hoping she'd fail.

I gave her another grin, "I better go get shot."

"Good luck," she said and pressed the intercom, "Mike Spencer Mr Hess."

Moments later the door opened and Paul stood framed in it. He gave me a glare, before turning to Mrs Goodall, "You can go home, Harriet, I won't need you for anything after this."

"Okay Mr Hess," she nodded and as he turned, beckoning me into the room, mouthed a 'good luck' at me. I'd not need it, but the thought counted.

His stern expression and broke into a grin as soon as he shut the door, gesturing at one of the seats in front of the desk. I dropped into as he dropped into the other beside me. "No skateboarding on school grounds," he grinned.

"Consider my wrist suitably slapped," I grinned back, "Is that it or do you want more?" 

"You know the worse thing about this job?" he nodded and reached for a sheaf of paper sitting on his desk.

I wasn't sure what he meant, but I knew what the worse thing would be for me, "Being surrounded by hundreds of hot, horny teen girls and not being able to fuck any without ending in jail?"

He laughed, "Okay Mike, you got me there. Second worse thing..."

I shrugged, "The hours, the pay?"

"Tight budgets. The City expects me to educate you all and still have money left at the end of the year."

"If its any consolation Paul, my personal education is going well, especially on Saturday," I grinned.

"You're a dutiful student," he nodded back, "and I think Taylor learnt something as well."

"How to take two dicks together," I smiled, remembering the sexy redhead we'd double-fucked Saturday evening. "Am I going to be learning tonight? You're wanting to get the partnership together?" I didn't think he'd call me here to discuss the school's finances, at least I hope not, I've got enough Math lessons without going extra-curricular. "If its sums the ones I'm good at our proving two can go into one."

He put down the papers, "They're always looking at how I can get more money in or make savings. Take the pool. We use it during the day, but then it'd empty and wasted. So I rent it out to a local community college in the evening; they've got a swimming club who use it."

"Yeah, I noticed," I shrugged, unable to see where he was going "Sometime last year. It's not new." Then it immediately hit me, God, sometimes I was slow, it was Monday. On Tuesday the swimmers were all guys, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday it was mixed, but Monday... Monday that was chicks. I grinned widely, "You want us to bang some college cutie."

He shook his head smiling, "Close, but no cigar." He paused dramatically and I waited for him to continue, "The instructor for the girl's club..."

"So what she like?" I asked.

"Sookie? Mid-twenties, swimmer's body – slender, toned, firm, very, very fuckable, short blonde hair, small tits, no fat... did I mention very fuckable?"

"So fuckable that she needs two dicks to satisfy her?"

"That's the type," he agreed. "You in?"

"Not yet, but I will be..." I confirmed.

"Repeatedly and in various holes," Paul said. He grinned, "They're just starting to arrive for the club now. Sookie normally has them in their for an hour and then spends ten minutes afterwards talking technique and that shit you jocks are into. Say another twenty minutes for them to shower and change; if we give it an hour and half she'll be on her own and ready for it."

"What about the janitor?" I asked, "Won't he be around."

Paul shook his head, "Not by then. He leaves it to me to lock up the last doors rather than hang around until I've finished in the office or the pool's closed. I've not minded, saves on the overtime and he needs to be here first thing in the morning to let in the cleaners. So banging Sookie...?"

"...sounds good to me. I'll just give my Mom a ring and say I'm seeing some buddies and won't be home until late."

"You could tell her I've put you in detention."

"She'd go batshit," I replied, "I'll stick with plan A, out with the guys."

I rang my Mom from Paul's office, hanging around and doing some homework on one side of the desk as the school emptied of students and teachers. The time ticked by and then, through the window of his office, I could see the college girls leaving the pool building, talking and giggling, bags full of swimming gear and towels as they walked over to their cars or down the street to the bus. I followed them lustfully, they were all firm and athletic, with sexy walks and hair shining after a shampooing. I could almost smell the pussy. Paul looked up from his admin and followed my glance, he shook his head in wonderment, "You'd fuck any of them."

"I would," I agreed.

He looked at the clock on the wall, "Me too," he grinned. "But let's go meet Sookie."





We didn't go see her straight away; by the time Paul had switched off his computer, placed away a few sensitive papers in his safe, picked up his keys and checked the main doors were locked it must have been ten minutes. My cock was almost aching with lust the whole time, imaging Sookie and what she'd be like to ass fuck whilst Paul pounded her cunt. It did mean by the time we walked over to the pool building all the stragglers had left and, apart from Sookie, Paul and I were the only one on the grounds.

I'd never been in the pool building when it was so quiet. The only times I had been in it the corridors had been full of teens queuing and joshing as they waited to be let in changing rooms that in turn were full of jocks towel whipping each other before the cool kids turned their towels on them as the geeks and nerds hurriedly undressed and jumped into a pool watched over by a gym teaching shout instructions at swimmers who were barely listening. I followed Paul towards the girl's changing room, which had been forbidden territory up to now. He paused before it for a second and then pushed it open. I followed him in. The room itself was disappointing, I wasn't sure what I'd expected from somewhere which was a haven of naked teen girls, but in reality it was the mirror image of the guy's, with a shower, a couple of benches and long rows of metal lockers.

What wasn't disappointing was the women inside it. She was somewhere between her late twenties and early thirties, with her blonde hair cut in a short pixyish style. She was wearing a swimming costume that clung tight to her body, digging in between her legs to give her a pronounced camel-toe and round her titties to accentuate their round firmness and make the nipples seem hard and erect. She wasn't wearing any make-up, but even without it she looked hot, with a smile that would melt icicles and stiffen the most flaccid cock. She was sitting astride the bench, obviously waiting for us. "Hi Paul," she purred, "I was beginning to work you'd forgotten about me."

"Not at all," he grinned. He gestured at me, "This is the partner I was telling you about – Mike Spencer."

I could see her looking me up and down and, from her lustful expression, liking what she saw. She stood up, "How nice to meet you... Michael? Mikey? Mike?"

"My Mom calls me Michael, my Kindergarten teacher Mikey; Mike's good," I said.

She gave a seductive smile, "I was just going to have a little swim to loosen myself up, make myself nice and supple, and wet as well, very wet." She turned from us and began to walk towards the exit to the pool, her ass wiggling like she was trying to entrance us with it; I'm not saying she wasn't succeeding as my schlong was like iron under my pants. After a few steps she paused, "You could join me, but are you allowed in the pool without trunks?"

Paul was pulling off his tie and shrugging of his jacket, "No, but I'm going to make this an exception."

"Your secret's safe with me," she giggled and exited poolside. Seconds later we heard a splash.

It didn't take me and Paul long to start to strip down to our skinnies, tossing our clothes in the nearest empty lockers. My physique reflected my swimming prowess, even though I was basketball rather than swimming, I still visited the pool at least a couple of times a week, ploughing a mile or more, building up my muscles and firming my six-pack stomach. Paul wasn't a swimmer, his tummy was round, his muscles soft looking. But as he removed his boxers and stood naked, I remembered how looks could be deceiving. If his limbs were loose and his chest his cock was porn star style – nine inches and a half; and he knew how to use it. I pulled down my own underwear, chucking them into my locker and stroking the dick that was revealed, it was only a touch under Paul's size, and if I didn't have his thirty plus years of experience in using it, I was fast trying to catch up.

"Let's go join Sookie in the pool," he said.

I nodded and followed him through the disinfectant foot bath and into the pool area. It was an enclosed area, without windows the only illumination was from the lighting above. During competitions the tiered seating to the left would be filled with proud parents cheering and clapping, but now the only audience to the hottie in the pool was me and Paul; our erections the only applause. 

She paused in her swimming and looked at us, standing there, her eyes feasting on our hard manhood. I could see her tongue swing over her lips and only the chlorine in the water stopped the smell of her desire. "Come on in; the water's lovely"



"Oh yeah, we're coming in," I said. I walked over to the deep-end and executed a flawless dive, sliding under the water and arching as I surfaced, before pounding down the lanes like a speedboat. Paul meanwhile climbed down the ladder and waded as far as he could before swimming a few paces. We had the same target in mind; Sookie. 

The blonde trod water as she waited for us to approach her, as we got closer she lowered her legs so that she was standing the water up to just below her firm titties. She giggled as our naked bodies brushed against her, Paul standing on her shallower side. Under the water her finger stroked our naked pricks, smiling and tittering she said, "I can see the benefits of not wearing trunks."

"It gets to float free," agreed Paul.

"It feels too heavy to float," Sookie corrected him, her hands sliding tighter round our thick members.

Paul nodded and didn't argue. His hand reached up to squeeze a titty through her costume. "Not like these babes."

"They're a bit small," she said with a smile which suggested she didn't think so.

"They're not at all," I said, taking the other and fondling it. It was a handful, firm, but pliable. Don't get me wrong, I've got nothing against large breasts, but I feel the right tits fit the girl and these one's fitted the sexy, sleek swimmer.

She giggled. "Good that you like."

"I like more," I slid my hand down under the water to the gap between her legs. 

I could feel the ridge of her pussy lips pressing at the material and for a moment I played with them outside, moving my digit up and down over thin lycra and feeling the vibration of them beneath. She moaned and giggled, turning her head away from mine as Paul's spare hand touched the back of her neck and encouraged to turn to him. Her mouth opened and Paul began to kiss her, sliding his tongue at her mouth. She reciprocated enthusiastically, especially when I pulled away the bottom of the costume and pressed my finger into her cunt.

"Mmnnnn, oh yes, oh, that's good," she giggled, breaking from Paul and turning to me. Paul grinned and nodded to me that he was happy for me to take over as her mouth opened and she moved in to kiss at me passionately. This time it was for me to reciprocate, one hand resting on her back, the other jiggling under the water as I made her pussy soak more than it was already. 

"Let's get a look at these," Paul said as he unhooked the straps and the slid the costume down to just above her midriff, it floated round her body like a jelly-fish as Paul's mouth nuzzled a titty. 

"Oooohhh, oooohhh," Sookie shivered and tittered. Her hand continued to gently glide over our massive erections, making my balls tight with desire. "Oh boys, you're so good." 

"Yeah we are," I grinned sliding a finger up her cunt.

"And you've not seen anything yet," Paul grinned as he lifted his head from the firm titty. "We'll have you screaming for mercy before we've finished."

"In a good way, I hope," she giggled and then gave a little moan.

Paul's finger had pushed away the other side of the flap of her costume, joining mine in her hole. Our knuckles knocked together as we worked the two digits into her cunt. Sookie gasped and groaned, her shudders sending waves rippling out from us. Her legs quivering under the water seemed to be in two places at once, shimmering and pale. "Ooooooh," she moaned as two fingers went in and out of her sex, "Fuck, this is so bad, I feel so naughty and kinky."

"We wouldn't want that. How about you suck some cock as penance?" Paul grinned.

She nodded enthusiastically, "That sounds like the best punishment."

"We'll sit on the side, that way you can still be a water baby," Paul said and turned to half swim, half paddle to the ladder to get out.

I took a shorter route, hoisting myself directly out and onto the shelf. I swung round, paddling my legs into the water and smiled at Sookie as she came over. "It's yours," I said and leant back on my hands, keeping my schlong upwards, "Suck my dick."

She walked the last few feet towards me through the water, waves rippling out as she ploughed forward. Her beautiful tits bounced over the surface, the nipples stiff and ready. She glanced briefly at Paul, as he climbed up the ladder, water dripping from his naked body. He grinned and started to walk towards us, "Don't worry I'll be next."

"Good, I don't want to leave one of you out," she said and grinned.

"We're a partnership, you won't," I replied and opened my legs wider for her to move between them.

Her head bobbed down and her sexy, slutty lips slipped down my shaft. They felt so good, warm and succulent, wrapping so tightly round me it was like she was a bow and I was a present. Her tongue teased at the knob-end as she brought her mouth back up, sliding over the eyelet and teasing at the sensitive flesh. I groaned in pleasure as she went down again, taking my cock deeper into her mouth. "Go on," I gasped "Go on."

Paul sat down on the shelf beside me, dropping his legs in the water, one of them floating so close to her his toes were rubbing at her waist and the side of her stomach. His own dick was as hard as rock as he stroked it with one hand. He laid the palm of the other on the back of Sookie's head and pressed the short-haired blonde further onto my dick, "Suck Mike's cock good," he instructed, "Give him a deep one."
