 "Pete what time does this sex toy party of yours start tonight?"

"Well I've got the girls coming around for a few drinks and food about 7, but Linda wont be here with the toys until about 8"

"Oh ok, that's cool, I just wanted to know cause while you girls are having the party I'm going to roll down to the pub with the boys"

Pete, my girlfriend, had this sex toy party organized for a couple of weeks now. It's basically a night where the girls get together and buy cheap crappy sex toys from a saleswoman, Cheeky Nights I think it's called. I didn't really care, sounds crap to me but I think they get a few laughs out of it and plus gives me an excuse to go piss it up with the boys.

"Oh no babe, you don't have to leave tonight, I want you to stay, in fact so do the girls"

"What do you mean? I didn't think you'd want me around! What use am I?"

Pete just smiled and said "Come with me"

She led me into the bathroom and we got undressed and showered together. This wasn't really that weird, cause Peita and I shower together all the time. We washed each other and then Pete pulled out a razor and began to shave all my body hair.

"Come on babe, why are you shaving everything?"

"Because, I want you to be all smooth for the girls tonight"

"Are you going to tell me what is going on babe?"

"Ok. Welll there is some male lingerie that I was hoping you could pose for us"

"Geeze babe, I dunno if I want all those girls gawking at my body"

"Pffft YES YOU DO! I know how you like to show off, you'd love it! Come on babe, just do it for me pleeeese?"

"Hmmm Ok, but you owe me big time! I want a blow job everyday for a week!"

"Ok" she said smiling at me.

Pete led me out into the living room after my shower and started rubbing Hazelnut Body Butter she had bought from the cosmetics shop all over my body. I admit, it was kinda smelly and a bit intoxicating, but my now smooth chest was looking really muscular and glossy like a wrestlers, so I didn't complain too much.

After I was smothered from top to toe in body butter she pulled out a little black satin g-sting and slipped it up over my penis and balls. With a slap across my naked bottom she let out a childish laugh and handed me a pair of tiny, tight, bright pink latex hotpants and matching bow tie to put on.

"Your going to be our waiter tonight babe, you have serve us all drinks and nibbles, plus greet the girls at the door, take their jackets and offer them a Champaign."

"Geeze anything else your majesty?" I said sarcastically.

"Well yes, but you'll find out soon enough" And with that she turned and went off to get herself ready.

I sat down on the lounge and flicked through the television channels for about half an hour when I heard a knock at the door.

"Can you get that sweetie, I haven't finished my make-up!" Pete shouted from the bedroom.

A little nervously I stood up and fumbled my hotpants straight again, "Man I cant believe I was doing this" I muttered to myself. I walked to the door, opened it and standing there were Pete's girlfriends Katrina and Vanessa. These were Pete's two hottest friends. Katrina was your typical blonde next door, her hair was long and straight half way down her back, she had blue eyes and a nice little body. She was wearing tight fitting denim jeans and a sparkly white halter top that showed off her beautiful boobs. Vanessa on the other hand is much taller, she is almost my height and her skin is quite dark. Her father is an African American so his genes have defiantly rubbed off on her a little. She has jet black shoulder length hair, dark brown eyes and was dressed in a figure hugging purple dress. Her long fingernails were colored purple and matching also were her glossy purple lips.

"Hehehe" the two of them giggled as I cleared my throat to greet them.

"Hello ladies, you both look stunning. I'll be your waiter tonight so if I can help you with anything just let me know." 

I walked them into the lounge room and gestured them to take a seat while I fetch them a glass of Champaign. As they moved past me I felt a sharp pinch on my bum.

"Come on guys, give me a break" I whined

"Oh but Ben your arse is just begging to be pinched in those things! I've never noticed how damn hot your buns are" Katrina cheekily said whilst Vanessa continued to giggle.

Ignoring them I went and got the girls their Champaign and made myself busy in the kitchen. After answering the door several more times to the same giggles and cheeky comments I started to loosen up a little and found it fun mucking around with the ladies. I'd had several glasses of champers myself and was now more relaxed.

When Pete emerged from the bedroom my jaw almost dropped to the floor. She looked absolutely stunning, and I felt proud that she was my baby. I think my wife is gorgeous; she has beautiful olive skin, chocolate brown shoulder length hair and matching chocolate brown eyes. She wore a white shimmery boob tube that was very low cut and showed off her luscious cleavage, with a long black skirt and very high spiked heels. Her make-up was a little heavier than normal, with white eye shadow accentuating her eyes, shimmer on her cheeks and a very pale pink gloss lipstick that finished her 'come hither' appearance.

Ignoring me Pete mingled in with the group and started preparing the nights proceedings.

"Ok girls, well lets get this party started" she exclaimed to the modest group of 5 girls.

"This is Linda and she is from Cheeky Nights, she will be hosting the party tonight and over here is my loving husband Ben, of which I'm sure you all know, who will be here to serve you drinks and anything else you desire." And with that I had the eyes of all the women on the room swing around to me.

After about an half an hour of the girls passing around various sex toys and lingerie items and me serving drink after drink Linda motioned for some quiet.

"Ohhhh Ben would you come in here for us sweetie."

I walked into the lounge room.

"Ok Ben, now there girls here seen the range of lingerie here and they have the ones picked out that they are going to buy for themselves, but they just aren't quite sure how some of the garments will look on their hubbies, so would you be so kind to model some for us?"

Without even getting a word out Pete forwarded "Of course he will"

So there I was in the kitchen with a handful of skimpy undies to try on. I paraded silky boxer shorts, thongs, g-strings, hotpants, different uniforms and even this elephant cock sock thingy!

On my last walk through the lounge room in a furry pair of white hotpants Linda motioned me to stop. Clicking a pair of hand cuffs around my wrists and slipping a blindfold over my eyes I was sat down in the middle of the floor. My growing hard on was plain to see.

"Ben the ladies are now going to try out some of the sex toys they are going to purchase. I don't want to hear boo from you, and I don't want to see you cum until we are finished, cause we need that handsome penis of your to be nice and erect!" Linda stated.

I looked over to Pete and she just smiled and said "C'mon baby, it'll be fun"

I was a little nervous, but the thought of 5 ladies having their way with me with different sex toys was exciting to say the least. Laying down on my back, Katrina was the first to step up. She had a vibrating cockring. Holding my swollen penis with one hand she slipped it over the head of my penis and down my shaft then fastened it tight. Just feeling the touch of her hands on my penis felt great after having a hard on in my pants for most of the night receiving no attention. With a flick of a switch sensuous vibrations began streaming through my throbbing cock. It felt amazing; I could feel the vibrations right down and through my balls. Katrina was obviously enjoying seeing me get off on this, as too were the other ladies in the room, and it wasn't long before her hand began slowly stroking my shaft as well.

"Oh my god! I can feel the vibrations running through his cock while I'm holding it. It's like a vibrator, only living throbbing flesh!"

With that all the ladies jumped down to the floor to have a feel of my cock. In turn they each gripped and stocked my dick. "Man this feels so fucking good" I thought to myself.

Katrina the put her hand back on my penis and lowered her mouth over it. Beginning to move her beautiful little mouth up and down my shaft was starting to feel way too good. Katrina sensed this as well, and not wanting to stop the party early she lifted off and switched off the vibrations. 

A murmur of frustration echoed from my mouth unintentionally, and Linda quickly snapped, "Don't be like that Ben, there still plenty more fun to come!"

The girls proceeded to try nipple clamps on me, other sorts of penis toys and even chocolate body paint.

When Vanessa's turn came around Pete exclaimed "Hmmm now I know he's going to enjoy this one!"

The was a flurry of giggles in the room as Vanessa entered from the hallway wearing her same purple dress, but jutting out from her crotch was a what appeared to be a huge erect penis. She walked into the room and hiked up her skirt to reveal a large life size strap on dildo. In her left hand she held a tube of lubricant, and her tall dark frame standing above me appeared very intimidating.

"Ben, Pete has told me how you enjoy this, and I'd really like to do it to my husband, but I think I should get some practice first, don't you"

"Umm…yeah I spose" I replied sheepishly.

Without any hesitation she motioned me over onto all fours. As she proceeded to grease my arsehole and work her finger in and out I looked forward to see my darling wife looking back at me with a smile.

Vanessa positioned the head of the dildo at my rear and with one slow steady long push she stuffed the dildo deep inside my arse. I let out a deep breath and relaxed my rear muscles. "Hmm this felt good" I thought to myself.

Vanessa started to fuck my arse in and out, building up to a steady fast pace. She had her hands gripping my arse cheeks and holding them apart, her long purple fingernails gripping into my skin. The girls cheered her on "Whoo hoo, you go girl!" and "Vanessa, Vanessa!"

Pete got up off the lounge, shimmied her shirt down and flicked it away. She was wearing no undies! Pete then lay down on her back and wiggled underneath me so that she and I were in the 69 position. Taking my rock hard cock into her mouth she started sucking in time with Vanessa's thrusting into my hole, and I began sliding my tongue over her silky smooth pussy lips. Slowly tongue fucking her, Pete let out little whimpers of pleasure as I began lapping up her juices and sliding more and more of my tongue deep into her hole. Moving up and clasping my lips around her clit, I felt Pete's hips rise up from the carpet and her body go into a mad shutter as her first orgasm swept through her body.

The feeling of Vanessa drubbing into my behind and Pete's delicate tongue swirling around my swollen head was too much, and within seconds I felt my balls tighten and my cock erupt, spewing jet after jet of my cum deep into my wife's throat.

As Vanessa, Pete and I collapsed onto the floor in exhaustion, I looked up to see the other girls in the room engaging in different acts of sex. Our action was so hot they could not help themselves. A couple of the girls had their eyes closed and were frantically fingering and rubbing their pussies, whilst Linda and Katrina were on the floor themselves in the 69 position pleasuring each other with their skillful tongues. 

It wasn't long before Pete and Vanessa had recovered and were horney again from what they were witnessing in front of them in the room.

"Hmmm you fucked my husband so well with that thing you're wearing there" Pete remarked enviously.

"Why thank you Peita, in fact I loved it myself, the feeling of power makes me so hot! In fact just before you guys came I could feel my own orgasm building inside me from giving him that fucking"

"Well I'd love it if you could fuck me like that" Pete demurely responded.

With that Vanessa rolled a condom over her strap on and positioned herself in front of my wife. Without hesitation or delicacy Vanessa thrust the large member into my wife's moistened hole.

Looking into my wife's eyes as she was getting hammered by another woman was such a turn on. Seeing the mix of pain and pleasure on her face with every thrust had my cock rock hard once again. Not to mention also the lesbian sex around the room!

With the moans of pleasure from all the women and my babies' first fuck from a girl I began slowly stroking my cock. "This is so hot" I thought to myself. After being fucked for about 15 minutes I could see Pete's body begin to quiver, she opened her eyes and looked into mine as the biggest orgasm I had ever seen Pete have whipped though her body, her hips bucking uncontrollably and all the time Vanessa continued to thrust and thrust and thrust! 

The rubbing of the strap on against Vanessa's pussy and the witnessing the wild orgasm Pete had just experienced sent Vanessa herself into her own orgasm. Climbing behind Vanessa I pinched and fondled her nipples through multiple orgasms as her strap on was burried deep inside Pete's cunt. 

Roughly pushing Vanessa to the side, I climbed on top of my wife; my throbbing cock ached to be in the warmth of her hole. Thrusting inside I immediately began at the pace Vanessa had left off. Determined to fuck my wife like never before I gripped her hips and hammered my cock hard and fast in and out, in and out. Looking deep into my wife's eyes, I shot my hot load inside her pussy. Feeling my cum fill inside her Pete went into her own orgasm, yelling and moaning loudly. 

Once again we collapsed onto the floor and kissed softly to the moans and sounds of pleasure as the other women in to room were brought to orgasm.

Later that night when everyone had gone home, and as Pete and I were cleaning up, she remarked, "So I bet your glad you stayed here and didn't go to the pub with the boys!" 

I just smiled and said, "You're dead", picked her up and carried her into the bedroom to continue our night of sex…. And try out a few of those sex toys she had purchased.