 "The Principal wants to see Mike Spencer," Louis Broderick's smirk showed his feelings. Just being the messenger for Mr Hess, the Principal , made him feel all superior and virtuous over me. He was one of those fat, dorky kids, who were no good at sports and not bright enough to do more than scrape into Community College. I was the opposite, near six foot, sporty with a muscular physique to match and if I'm not arrogant enough to say I had movie star looks, I certainly had the looks of handsome daytime soap star. And it wasn't a second rate Community College I was destined for, but a top East Coast establishment and then - who knew?

I could see why he hated me, I was bad boy senior who seduces all the cute blondes and doesn't even leave the second pickings for guys like him. I could see it in his smile, mocking and arrogant at the thought I was going to get it in the neck for some misdemeanour or other. Perhaps, he imagined, I'd been caught making out with a cheerleader in the broom cabinet or in the hall without a pass. He knew I wasn't going to be thrown out of school, there's no way he'd have been sent as a message if it was that serious, but I guess he hoped I'd be hitting detention or at least a call to my Mom who'd ground me for a week.

Mrs Kendall nodded towards the door, "You better go Mike. Louis take a seat, you're late." Even Mrs Kendall's snapped tone couldn't smother his smile as he took his seat.

I picked up my bag and left him to his fantasies, knowing that was all they were. He was too dumb to realise that for what he thought of as a moment's victory over me, calling it out in class, had pissed Mrs Kendall. It wasn't just that she didn't like latecomers, whatever the reason, but she also a small case of the hots for me; lots of women young and old did, many of them much foxier than my overweight Math teacher.

I sauntered down the corridor, in no hurry, taking advantage of being out of class to relax and make the most of my momentary freedom. I came to the Principal's office, entering the outer reception with an easy stride. Sitting in front of her desk was the PA, Mrs Goodall, a thirtysomething divorcee with a nice pair. "Hi, I hear the Principal wants me." I gave her a charming smile, it never hurt to keep her on my side and give her a little hope that she was still attractive. "I've been a bad boy I guess."

She tittered and blushed slightly, "I'm sure it's nothing Mike."

"You'd tell me if it was. Best for me to go in prepared," I smiled at her.

"I've not heard a thing, it's probably just something minor. You've handed in your homework on time?"

I shrugged, "Yeah. I think." I stood straighter, stiffening my back acting like I was a doomed hero heading for his final sword fight, "I better get it over with."

Mrs Goodall nodded, all sympathy and feeling. She pressed the intercom on her desk, "Mr Hess it's Mike Spencer. You wanted to see him."

The intercom remained silent. Instead the office door jerked opened and Mr Hess stood framed in it, an angry look on his face. "In here Spencer," he snapped peevishly. He turned back in and Mrs Goodall gave me a 'you'll be okay' look and I gave her 'I'm a strong soldier' one in reply and followed him in.

The Principal waited until I was in before he slammed the door so loudly the frame rattled. For a moment we remained their in silence, me the fit, six foot High School stud and him; five foot eight, starting to run to plumpness in his late forties and with hair that was too long to be fashionable and too short to be cool. Suddenly he grinned and reached out to clap me on the shoulder, "Hey Mike. How you like the theatre?"

I grinned back and shrugged, "Paul," I used his first name as I always did when we were alone, "You were born to be an actor. I was almost convinced for a second you'd caught me fucking a cheerleader behind the gym."

"Have you being doing?" he grinned and sat on his desk. 

Without an invite I dropped down on the chair opposite it and put a foot up on his desk, making him move a couple of papers to accommodate it, "Of course I have."

"Lucky bastard," he shook his head, "Some of the girls on the squad, they're fucking sexy as hell." He sighed, "But you don't shit where you eat."

"But you can shit elsewhere," I consoled him.

"Yes," he grinned widely, "Speaking of what you got any plans for the weekend?"

"Thought I'd bang some hot cuties," I gave a small laugh and he snorted a chuckle with me, "What about you?"

"I was planning to nail hot cuties as well," he replied with a grin.

"So you want to get the partnership together?"

"Why do you think I called you to my office?" he answered.

We'd formed the partnership about six weeks ago. I'd hardly known Paul before. I mean I knew who he was; I'd even talked to him a couple of times – though talking is perhaps overstating him wishing me luck once before a game when I was a freshman and another time when he saw me chewing gum and told me to spit it out. But we weren't on first-name terms – he was the Principal or Mr Hess and I was Spencer, I'm not sure he knew my first name. I thought we moved in different orbits, he didn't even live in our town but one over; a place called Roseview. And it was while I was banging some cutie that lived there that we formed the partnership.

I'll give you the details sometime, but it turns out the hot cheerleader, Becky, I was fucking was also giving it to the Principal of the neighbouring school. I'm still not sure whether she was a blonde and dumb or it was a deliberate set-up to get two big-dicked fuck-machines together with her, but on a night her parents were away she invited us both over for a fuck. Once I'd got over the surprise of seeing Mr Hess turn up, cocked and loaded so to speak and agreed that neither of us wanted to turn away and go home with balls full there was only one option; that was to share her.

I wasn't a DP virgin; I'd been double-teaming girls virtually since I started banging. But most of my buddies aren't into it; they reckon it's kinda gay to be bouncing your prick against some other guy's wiener. Me... I ain't homophobic, so I don't give a shit about any queer connotations, what I do know is fucking a girl whilst she's getting dicked by another guy, especially one who's endowed, is some of the best screwing ever. Most of times I'd done it, well as I say it was fun, but short lived, the other guys quickly pulling out and leaving me too it, only coming in again after I'd cum. But Paul was into it as much as I was; and for a man pushing fifty and with a stomach that wasn't, in any way, washboard flat he'd got stamina and power. And experience. 

So much that after we'd DP'd her once, we recovered and did it again with Paul giving me hints on my technique. I'm a quick learner, smart y'know. And Becky, sandwiched between us, appreciated.

Afterwards as she was taking a shower me and Paul got to talking. Turns out my Principal was a big a male whore as I was. Whilst he avoided students at his own school, otherwise he nailed everything that moved between eighteen and fifty-eight. And not only that he was as into sharing hot sluts as I. 

I guess it was inevitable that we formed the partnership, two guys, one an eighteen year old senior, one a forty-eight year old Principal dedicated to DPing and otherwise sharing hot sexy beauties.

I grinned at him, "So you got any specific plans?" I could felt my dick hardening at the thought of double-fucking some cutie over the weekend and glancing at the mound forming in Paul's pants, my High School Principal was feeling the same.

"I've got some ideas. teen or milf?" he asked.

Over the last few weeks we'd shared and enjoyed both. I shrugged, without knowing details I couldn't choose, "Which one is the easiest?"

"Gwen, she's experienced, done it before, I went to a swingers party with her and her hubby once, she goes like an express train," he frowned considering. "Thinking about it she's so easy we can leave her for any weekend we're free. We just give her a call and check her husband can take the kids to the movies whilst we nail her."

"So the other?"

"Taylor, just turned eighteen a few months back. I've been fucking her since then, she's hot as hell and now wanting the two dick experience," he grinned, and if in answer to an unspoken question added, "She's a friend of my youngest."

I raised my eyebrows slightly. Paul was divorced, his wife having lasted a dozen years of him nailing anything that moved before having enough, but I knew he remained on good terms with her and his two daughters, the youngest a senior in Roseview High, her sister a year older and in College. "You think it'd be alright with fucking her? It's not going to piss Ceri off when she hears?"

He grinned and shook his head, "Who do you think introduced us?"

I hadn't met Paul's kids yet, but knowing that she was a procurer of pussy made me want to meet Ceri at least and see if she had other tight-cunt teen friends that she could introduce me to. In the meantime I nodded, "You think she's up for it, to be made a total fucktoy?"

Paul nodded, "She's one of nature's sluts. I banged her ass first time we met, fucked her face as well. She'll do anything, try anything, that's why she wants to try a DP."

I grinned, "Hell then. Let's do it."

"I thought you'd say that," Paul said, "I'll give her a call. You want to come over about seven on Saturday? I'll give you a call if anything changes; it shouldn't though – Taylor is up for it."

"Yeah, that works for me," I pulled my feet of the desk and stood up, our weekend plans complete.

Paul slapped me on the shoulder, grinning for a second before he put on his fake stern face. Then he marched over to the door and yanked it open, gesturing me out with a thumb, "And I don't want to see you in here again Spencer."

I gave a half-assed shrug and a mumbled "Yes sir," 

I trudged into the reception with just a touch of teenage rebelliousness, but not too much; I didn't want Mrs Goodall wondering why I was getting away with shit. I needn't have worried; she was looking up at me with concerned eyes as Paul slammed the door behind me. "What did Principal Hess want with you?"

I thought quickly, we hadn't thought of what I would say. Inspiration hit within seconds; I gave a small shrug, "Don't know, Mrs Goodall, he just ranted for a bit and I let him." I gave a quick roguish smile that was sure to make her wet for me tonight, a bit of devil may care that would be all round the staff-room and do my reputation for being the man no harm amongst the female teachers.

"Oh, Mike, you're bad," Mrs Goodall said with her mouth, but with her eyes telling a different story.

*

I told my Mom I was going out with the guys and would be back later before jumping in my car and going over to Paul's. I arrived in plenty of time, the only car outside was his. He answered the door with a grin and invited me in. "There's beer in the fridge if you want one." I accepted, I'm not a big drinker, especially before fuckfests, I don't want alcohol to ruin a performance, but one wouldn't do any harm.

We sat on the couch shooting the breeze for ten minutes or so, reminiscing over our previous partnerings and talking about what we were going to do to Taylor when she arrived. It was one of our unspoken rules that we didn't talk school (or work for him); when the partnership was in play we were just buddies out to screw a slut together. 

At seven, almost as the clock hands moved into position, there was the sound of the doorbell. I drained my beer and Paul went to open it. As we expected it was Taylor, Paul inviting her in. From the way he described her I was expecting something; she was that and half again – slender, petite, with long red hair that swept half-way down her back, just a touch of freckling on her cheeks and with a smile that offered lots. She was wearing tight jeans that clung to her legs and shapely ass and a tight vest, which clung even tighter over her handful size firm titties, the nipples jutting through the material as a promise. 

I stood up as she confidently walked over to me, "You must be Mike Spencer."

"Yeah, you're Taylor..." I realised Paul hadn't told me her surname. It didn't matter so I left it hanging. "Good to see you." 

I moved into give her a gentlemanly kiss on the cheek, the only gentlemanly thing I'd be doing to her all night. At the same time I put my hand on her butt and squeezed. Her reaction was to titter and giggle, "Paul has been telling me all about you and him."

"He has?" I grinned, "Only the good bits I hope."

"It all sounds good," the eighteen year old slut purred.

Paul sat on his sofa and patted the seat next to him. "Come sit down, Taylor."

She did, swinging round and sashaying over, so that I could see her ass wiggle; an ass I'd be fucking later. She sat down on the couch, literally leaving no space between herself and Paul. I seated myself on the other side, sandwiching her between us. She giggled, "This is nice." Her hands reached out to rub at our expanding packages in our pants. I could feel my cock hardening as she licked her lips, "Very nice."

"It is," agreed Paul. His hand was on the back of her neck, stroking the flesh beneath the hair. He moved closer and kissed at her ear. 

She giggled and then giggled louder as I began to do the same, only with my mouth a little lower so that I was kissing at her throat. Her hands rubbed over our dicks, both straining at our pants.

"Get them out," ordered Paul, in his best teacher's voice. He continued to fondle the back of Taylor's neck, but stopped kissing her, instead watching as she reached out and slid down his zip. I'd seen Paul's prick many times before, but I still say it was a thing of awe, nine and half inches, thick and meaty, the veins seeming to pulse as Taylor's hand slid up and down it.

"And mine as well," I said. 

"Okay, Mike," she answered with a sexy smile. Her spare hand unbuttoned my jeans, pulling them an inch or two from my waist before reaching in under my boxers and pulling out my schlong. It was perhaps half an inch smaller than Paul's, but just as wide and hard and ready for action. 

Taylor's tongue flickered over her lips as she stroked our huge members up and down. Her moves were gentle and relaxed and sensual, her eyes switching from one huge dong to the other, obviously torn between which she was going to concentrate on. She didn't need to worry, that was mine and Paul's job.

"You think she's ready for more?" I asked Paul with a smile.

The question wasn't for her, but Taylor nodded enthusiastically. Paul's knuckle stroked her neck and he grinned back at me, "We won't know until we try it."

Together we stood, leaning over and pulling Taylor up. Then as I pulled my jeans down the rest of the way Paul was taking Taylor's top of. Her tits had been enticing when covered, free they were gorgeous, not large, but firm and round, a squeezable handful.

"On your knees," Paul tossed the teen's top to one side and took hold off her shoulders, pressing her onto her knees. 

I was holding my dick in my hand, slapping it round her face, laughing as she opened her mouth to try and get it in. "Suck it," I said and smacked the huge schlong over her forehead, "Suck my fucking prick," I laughed and swung it at her cheek. She grinned and giggled her mouth following it fruitlessly, the most she could do was manage a quick touch with her tongue as I teased her. 

Meanwhile Paul had got out of his loafers, slacks and shirt and was standing naked. A slight paunch didn't overshadow the huge cock sticking out. He held his hand up and I slapped it, moving to one side as he replaced me. He continued to tease the horny slut, gripping his huge schlong and using it as truncheon to lightly beat the hottie. Taylor tittered and giggled, rightly recognising that this was just prelude. "Stop, you pigs," she laughed, "Let me suck it."

I removed my T-shirt and stood as naked as Paul, my hard cock as pointing at the side of her head. I could see her eyes flicking over to it and then back to Paul's as he banged it over her nose. I could have tagged him, but I knew we'd both get a turn and was content to let him go first. He smiled and nodded in acknowledgement continuing to tease the teen for another half a minute before he stopped. "Open wide Taylor." The teen did so, her mouth hovering an inch from his engorged penis.

Paul grinned, "You know this cock's going to be up your ass."

Taylor nodded eagerly, keeping her mouth open all the time.

"You need to lube it properly before then," said Paul, "Not some half-assed sucking that you give on some four inch midget, but a proper full-on throating. I'm going to stuff this so far down your mouth it's going to end in your stomach. Now open wider..."

Taylor's mouth was open so far that her jaw must have been hurting. And it went still wider as Paul pushed in, her eyes becoming rounder as her face was stretched. "Take it, Taylor. Take it like a slut." Paul's hands were on the back of her head, forcing her forward, encouraging her against her gag reflex. She tried to jerk back, instinct taking over, but Paul kept hold of her, driving her head forward as he thrust into her. I stood inches away, from habit stroking my meat to keep it hard, though with the scene in front of me I didn't need any manual stimulation to keep myself erect. "Suck it, suck it all you whore," Paul grunted as he continued feeding himself in. 

I could see her choking, her body trying to expel the intruder. White bile leaked from the corners of her mouth and there was a touch of panic in her eyes. But Paul knew what he was doing, knowing she was far from being choked yet. He sent the cock in further, "I told you I wanted it sucked properly. Do that, do it, do it!" He went in deeper so that his balls were shoved up against her lips. Her arms flailed and the panic moved to fear. Paul pulled back with a smile, bringing his dripping dick out from between her lips; "See I knew you could take it all."

The teen's face relaxed and she smiled, "I can," she said proudly, " I can."

"Open wide then," Paul said.

Whereas before he moved in one slow, lengthy glide when he entered this time it was with a series of jerks, ramming back and forth as he thrust in and out. Taylor's head shuddered as far as it could with Paul gripping the back of it. I could see her eyes watering as her gag was continually activated and ignored by Paul. White saliva, so thick it looked like sperm, flooded from her mouth and there was a series of muffled grunts and groans as her hit her tonsils like they were a boxing ball. "Yeah suck it, suck it good," Paul called and hit her throat again and again.

My dick was aching with desire. Paul grinned and pulled out, holding up his hand for me to slap, "Fuck her face, Mike."

"With total pleasure, buddy. Open it Taylor," I stood in front of her and as soon as she opened thrust in. 

Paul had done the early work, showing her she could take a thick dong all the way in so I didn't need to waste any time. Straight away I grabbed the back of her head, forcing it forward as I started to ram forward. Within a few thrusts she was taking me ball deep, her mouth enveloping my huge dick and her gag reflex filling her mouth with saliva, washing my cock in spit. 

"Shit, girl, this is fucking fine," I said, "Your mouth is as hot as any pussy." I ain't going to say it was better, but it was wet and warm and her lips were tight round my member as it slammed in and out. "Fuck, fuck, you can fucking suck, you're the face fuck queen."

Beside me Paul was standing grinning as he watched my dick ram in and out of the teen's face. "Go for it Mike. Face that slut, get your dick all the way down her throat."

I jerked my hips, forcing it into her. I could see her eyes were round and wet, water trickling from them and washing away her eye-shadow as bile splurged from her lips and smudged her lip gloss. "Fuck it," I gasped, "Fuck it."
