 Jim had just pulled into the lot to pick up his girlfriend Sydney. It was 10pm on a Friday night and Sydney had worked late all week. Jim and Syd were supposed to have dinner that night but Syd’s project took a turn and her team needed to deliver the project in time for the start of the day in Germany. 

She picked up on one ring. “Sydney Greene…” Jim loved the sound of her voice, even when it something as routine as a greeting.

“Hey, hon, I’m in the front lot. You want me to park?”

“Hey, Jim. Why don’t you pull around back? I just need to wrap some stuff up, give me 20 minutes. I’m sorry again about dinner.”

“It’s alright. You don’t have to work this weekend do you?” Jim asked hoping he could help his lover work some of her tension out for two whole days, instead of watching her pour over reports.

“I’m all yours all weekend. Unless you want me to bring a friend…” Sydney said with a playful lilt in her voice. 

“Just hurry up and come down here so we can get home.” he replied.

Jim killed the engine and sat back in the seat. He wished he had brought a paper or something to keep himself entertained. His mind drifted to thoughts of Sydney. He loved the way she dressed for work, tailored suits that seemed to accentuate her curves. Her wavy hair was always pushed up during the day, in a way that seemed frantic, yet very much in charge.

Unlike Syd’s co-workers, Jim knew the other side of Vesuvio Consulting’s senior project manager. How she loved to have her nipples teased. He bet that no one in her office knew of Syd’s habit of mimicking his movements with her own tongue, as if she was licking an invisible pussy, while she was being feasted upon. 

Jim wondered what some of her work friends would think if they could see just how into making love Sydney really was. He guessed that Sydney kept it to herself that she loved being taken from behind and fucked in locations other than the bedroom. Jim remembered fondly their cherished spot along the expressway where they would go to have sex on the way home. Usually in the car, but on more than once occasion, Sydney had led her lover into the woods for a session of expression in the night air.

“I might have to hit that little spot on the way home tonight.” Jim thought to himself as he gazed out the front window of his Jeep Grand Cherokee. It was a warm night, maybe a roll in some real hay would be fun. 

Jim was starring off into space when some movement caught his eye. He had parked back there countless times before and knew that he could see into every office that faced the rear of the building. Each office had a huge picture window and if the occupant had kept the blinds up, you had excellent access to see inside. This time, however was different. 

Most of the blinds were closed after dark, but Jim’s eyes were drawn to the one lit office on that side of the building. He could see the top of a man’s head as he was seated in a tall leather chair with its back facing the window. What caught Jim’s attention was the redhead standing on the other side of the desk. 

She was flailing her arms about as she was talking. Jim assumed that she was either really mad or really into the project she was describing. Finally, the redhead walked to the door, shut it and walked around the desk. Jim watched as the man seated, turned his chair, so it was perpendicular with the window. 

The redhead had unbuttoned her blouse by the time she reached the man and bent down to kiss him. Now Jim was really paying attention!

Soon the man and the woman in the office were in various states of undress, and the woman was sitting on the desk. He wished he could see more, but the man had swiveled his chair around and all Jim could see was her head. Jim assumed that chair man was studying the redhead’s jewel. His assumption was soon confirmed as he watched her head lean back and waggle around.

“I am actually watching someone have sex in an office.” He thought. Jim dialed Sydney but the phone just rang and went to voice mail. Shit he thought – where is she?

The Redhead’s legs were now over the back of the chair and she was running her hands through her own hair. Jim imagined the sounds in the room. He could almost hear Chair Man’s tongue lapping Redhead’s pussy as she moaned. 

Soon the black leather chair was kicked to the side and the Redhead was on her knees on the floor. Chair Man’s shirt was unbuttoned and his pants were only one leg. Redhead’s skirt was bunched and tucked and her blouse was open, bra unclasped. She slowly frigged Chair Man’s penis to full erection and started licking from the base to the top of the shaft. She repeated this motion several times before completely engulfing him. 

This was becoming way too much for Jim to handle alone. Redhead was sucking the cock of Chair Man and playing with her nipples and clit with her hands. It was then Jim had to relieve some of the pressure and almost subconsciously took his own penis out and began stroking himself in time what he was watching.

It was in that state that Sydney found him.

“Thinking about me babe?” She whispered as she climbed into the Jeep Cherokee. Startled, Jim could only point at the scene unfolding in the office window. 

Syd looked at her colleague and friend Roni on her knees giving the account executive head. As surprised at what she saw, and the effect it was having on Jim, Sydney could not stop the heat in her own loins.

Without a word, she closed the Jeep’s door and bent forward over the console and took Jim’s cock in her mouth. Jim was instantly in heaven. Here he was watching this gorgeous redhead sucking some guy off and his own lover was doing the same to him!

After a few minutes, back in the office Redhead stood up and bent over the desk, giving Jim a prime view of her tight ass. Syd had sat up by now and was watching the scene unfold with Jim as she stroked her own clit through her panties.

As Chair Man positioned his dick and started to furiously fuck Redhead, Sydney climbed into the back seat and arranged it flat into the trunk area. Jim was next in the seat and positioned Syd so he could fuck her while they both watched Redhead and Chair Man.

Jim tried with great difficulty to match the rhythm of the office scene and eventually gave up, flipping Sydney around so he could stare into her beautiful brown eyes while they made love. 

Sydney then rolled Jim around and squatted up, releasing his cock from her. She kissed her way down his body and took his prick once again in her mouth. Sydney was a skillful lover and managed to open the tailgate without breaking contact with Jim’s penis. Jim reacted by quickly turning the dome light off, as to not give them selves away.

Eventually they changed places again, this time with Jim slowly running his tongue up and down Syd’s luscious dripping pussy. He licked her clit in several fluid repeating motions and once in a while he inserted a single finger to apply slight pressure just inside her vagina.

Both of them had their eyes closed and did not see Redhead approach the Jeep. Roni was somewhat surprised to see her friend Sydney laid out in the back of her boyfriend’s SUV moaning and arching her back. Roni, who had just blown and been fucked by a co-worker was still turned on and this scene pushed her over the edge. She opened the door, and kissed Sydney as she climbed in.

Syd was shocked and almost screamed in Roni’s mouth. Jim stopped licking Syd’s pussy long enough to see Roni look over and wink. Jim knew he had to get back to business. 

Roni broke the kiss and quickly undressed. Syd was breathing heavy and said, “Roni, we saw everything and we just couldn’t stop ourselves…”

Roni broke in, “Syd – you didn’t see everything because that asshole couldn’t keep it up and ran out the front door crying. Please, just go with this.” Before Syd could answer, she saw Roni’s ass in her face and had a mouthful of pussy and did what came naturally. 

Within minutes, Jim brought Syd to the brink and back several times and sensed that it was time to let her go. With final hard pressing of his tongue, Sydney came in wave after wave and pushed her face into Roni’s pussy. Roni grabbed for Jim and kissed him hard as Syd came. 

Jim did not miss a beat, broke the kiss and while his own lover was coming and eating her friend – he positioned his cock and stared to fuck Syd.

While Jim was fucking Syd, Roni climbed off her and stared licking Syd’s nipples and playing with both her own and Syd’s clits. Then Roni looked back at Jim and begged him to fuck her.

With a reassuring nod from his girlfriend, Jim pulled out of Syd and stood back on the ground. Roni moved to the back of the Jeep and bent over. She then pulled Syd forward and stared to eat her, while Jim planted his cock in Roni’s pussy.

It was that daisy chain that seemed to make everyone happy for quite a while and then Syd sat up, spun around and positioned herself next to Roni.

This was a sight Jim had only dreamed of: two hot women, bent over the back of his Jeep and begging to be fucked. Jim was all too happy to oblige. He pulled out and fucked Sydney for a few strokes, then dipped back into Roni. He alternated this for 15 minutes.

Then, when Jim withdrew from her, Roni knew they were all close to coming, so she lay back in the Jeep and pushed her dripping pussy in Syd’s face again. Syd, who was loving the deep penetration by Jim, happily obliged her friend.

They only lasted like that a few more minutes.

“I am coming!! OOOHHHHH I am coming!” sighed Roni as she played with nipples and thrust her pussy into Sydney’s lashing tongue.

“OOOO Yes, me too. MMMMM me too, oh yes, oh yes oh my…” Sydney was able to moan in between licks.

Then it happened. Roni’s pussy spasmed and she came in waves like never before, her face flushed and nipples piercing the air. She grabbed Syd’s head and pressed it deep into her. Sydney thrust her own ass hard against Jim as he grabbed her waits and her own inner muscles constricted around Jim’s pole. She screamed into her friend’s pussy came so hard she almost pushed Jim away.

Jim held on for dear life and shouted that he too was coming. 

Sydney could feel him gushing inside her and while he was still coming pulled away to turn around. Roni sensing what was to happen was already there to replace Syd’s pussy with her own mouth, drinking Jim’s juice in. Roni and Syd then took turns catching the seamen Jim was pumping from his cock.

As they all flopped back into the Jeep. Sydney said, “I have to work late more often.”