 "Amazing," Al thought, "how beautiful she looks simply lying there all wet and messy." A dollop of pearly fluid oozed from Vickie's swollen nether lips, slowly slid over her crack, and puddle on the sheet below her lazily spread thighs.

It was a quarter past two in the morning when Al rolled from Vickie's clutches to lie next to his now inert wife. A couple of minutes passed as the couple regained their wits. It had been an eventful evening. More so, because it had been so long in process.

Vickie moved on the bed, feeling the stickiness that temporarily glued the sheet to her soft bottom. "Yikes, I'm so messy," she exclaimed as she rolled off the bed and, cupping her hand between her smooth legs, she waddled to the bathroom. Al was still staring up at the ceiling and reliving the past nine hours.

Al and Vickie arrived at Kathy and Bill's home around five the previous afternoon. It had been a spur of the moment invitation during one of their infrequent telephone conversations. Kathy called to chat with Vickie and catch up on each other's activities. Al, sitting in an easy chair nearby could hear Vickie's side of the conversation. Near the end of the call, he could sense that Vickie was hesitating as she replied to Kathy.

"I don't know, we have so much to do here," Vickie replied into the phone. "Well, you know we'd love to see you two, but..." she added.

Kathy must have said something amusing, because Vickie laughed aloud, adding, "You're a devil, you know that?" There was a long silence, during which Vickie sat and listened, nodding now and then.

"Oh, what the hell, why not?" Vickie finally exclaimed. "We could sure use a change of pace. So, yes, we can come next weekend, I guess. Let me just check with Al."

Vickie turned to her husband with her hand over the phone. "They want us to visit next weekend. You know what they probably have in mind. So, do you want to go or not?"

Frankly, Al was shocked to hear the excitement in his wife's voice. They had been friends with Kathy and Bill for a long time. The four had partied together and the wives had teased the men unmercifully, wearing revealing outfits, dancing close, and tempting their willpower. Bill had finally confessed that he and Kathy were occasional swingers. It was obvious that Bill and Kathy were attempting to seduce them, but had never applied any real pressure. Now, Kathy's invitation for a weekend visit carried an unspoken, yet unmistakable message. Vickie and Kathy were good friends but Vickie had a hard time fully accepting Bill since she sometimes felt he mistreated Kathy. Now, for the first time, Vickie appeared ready to try a weekend visit.

Al looked over at his attractive mate. An image of Vickie naked on her hands and knees with Bill's thick prick poised at her aroused yet vacant vagina flashed across his mind. That image was quickly replaced by another of Kathy's blonde head Bobbing up and down as her lips moved on his erect cock. The hair on the back of Al's neck stood up and he felt a shiver travel down his spine. The fantasy that he had dreamed so many times might actually happen and his throat went dry as he tried to reply.

"Uh, no other real plans," he mumbled hoarsely, so I guess we could go if you want to."

Vickie uncovered the phone and a smile crossed her pretty face. "Al said okay, so we'll accept your invite. We can probably be at your place by late Friday afternoon. Is that all right?"

The call lasted another couple of minutes as the two women discussed meal plans and what to bring. By the time she put the phone down, Vickie was giggling. "Kathy said to pack at least one sexy black dress. They want to take us to a new hot spot next Saturday night," she divulged. "Sounds like a fun weekend, huh?"

"It's always interesting when we're together with those two. I have a feeling that old Bill has some naughty designs on you. Are you prepared for that, honey?"

Vickie moved to her husband, leaned over and kissed him tenderly. "Maybe Bill's over his fixation on my tits, but if you are right, are you going to be okay with a bit of fun and games? I know that Kathy is going to try to get to you, so if you are uncomfortable at all, I'll call her back and cancel."

Al hesitated for a moment, trying to determine the proper response to his wife's challenge. He put his arm around her and softly patted her soft rear. "Let's just see how it goes once we get there. They may just want to fool around like we've done before. You know, you and Kathy really enjoy teasing us with your revealing outfits. Maybe that will be as far as it goes. That's fine, because we get so aroused, our bedroom time is always terrific."

"Kathy mentioned that they have a hot tub and she was anxious for us to join them for a soak," Vickie countered. "You know what that might lead to late at night."

"Well, we're good friends with them, so that won't be such a big deal, will it?"

Vickie relented. "Probably not, I was glad to hear that Bill has been very loving and attentive toward Kathy for a long time now. She thinks he's learned that being domineering and rude turns people off. She told me he's like a different personality and she's loving it."

"I'm glad to hear that," Al responded seriously. "I know that bothered you. It bothered me too. Kathy is such a sweetheart, and he needs to appreciate what a gem he has there."

"Yes, Kathy's a beautiful and vivacious gal. I don't blame you for showing her some extra attention," Vickie confessed. "She is younger and still has a firm and amazing body."

"So do you, babe," Al quickly replied. "I know Bill simply drools over you every time he's around. It makes me proud to be your husband and lover."

Vickie moved onto Al's lap and planted a wet kiss on his lips. His hand moved to her soft breast and squeezed gently. "Let's shower together and retire early," he suggested with a sly grin.

>>>>2

"You're right on time," Bill barked as he shook Al's hand on Friday afternoon. "Let me help you with your things. I have a pitcher of margaritas ready so we can celebrate the stAl of our weekend."

Bill and Al carried bags into the spacious guest room. Vickie met Kathy in the kitchen and put appetizers in the refrigerator. The two women hugged and kissed cheeks in greeting.

"I'm so glad you agreed to join us," Kathy gushed. "We'll have a great time, you'll see."

Vickie smiled, "I brought my briefest black dress with spaghetti straps," she told her hostess. "Where are we going tomorrow?"

"It's a new club, not too far from here. Great music, low lights, strong drinks, and a very casual atmosphere," Kathy replied. "You will have fun dancing and being fancy free."

"Al and I can both use a break," Vickie admitted. "We've been in a pressure cooker for the past few months and it's taken a toll on our personal life."

"We'll quickly solve that problem! Why don't you two get comfortable and I'll tell Bill to get the drinks and goodies ready on our deck. The weather's perfect and we will get you relaxed in no time."

Al and Vickie changed into shorts and t-shirts, foregoing shoes, and headed for the deck and refreshments. As they reached the door to the deck, Al pointed to the small sign posted at eye level. It read, "Relax, at our place is attire is optional."

Vickie laughed as she read the sign. "It's just like them to make it official. We may be overdressed."

Vickie was somewhat relieved to see that Bill and Kathy were also in shorts. Bill wore a battered t-shirt and Kathy sported a cute white tube top that set off her tan and her erect nipples.

"Bill, where are your manners? Serve our guests their drinks and offer them some chips and salsa. They must be starved after their trip."

Bill hurried to comply with Kathy's order, raising Al's eyebrows by his quick action.

"Why, thank you Bill," Vickie cooed as Bill sat a frosty margarita on the deck table beside her. Al saw her smile at their host as he surveyed the swells now covered only by a thin shirt. 

"Let's have a toast to our weekend," Kathy suggested. "I'm sure you will find it worth the trip."

They raised their glasses and clinked. Al looked into Kathy's eyes and thought he saw a strange twinkle as she tipped her glass for a sip.

"You know what we need? We need some music, Bill," Kathy said.

Bill rose quickly and went into the house to turn on the stereo and switch on the deck speakers.

"Bill certainly is attentive these days," Vickie commented after he had left the table. "What's up, Kathy?"

Kathy smiled slyly. "You are very perceptive, Vickie. Believe it or not, we recently discovered that Bill has a submissive facet to his personality. He's the boss at his office during the day, but he's found that he enjoys being much more subservient here at home. By the same token, I've learned that I can be rather dominant when I know it is appropriate. You'll no doubt see our role reversal more as the weekend unfolds."

"How did it happen?" Al asked quietly.

"We went to the club one Saturday and ran into a very attractive couple. It turned out that he was the submissive one. Later, here at home, we did some experimenting and found that it solved some difficulties for us. So, now you know, but don't let on just yet, okay?"

"As you wish," Vickie replied. "I think this could be very interesting, don't you honey?"

Al nodded, keeping his own thoughts as he contemplated what Kathy had divulged.

"How's the volume?" Bill asked as he returned to the deck. The music was perfect, so that they could still talk while listening.

"That's nice, dear," Kathy purred sweetly. "The music makes me want to do a little dancing."

After several rounds of drinks and a lot more conversation, the initial tentativeness was gone and the group was chatting and laughing freely. 

"Our new club has great music," Kathy volunteered. "They even have a shiny pole in one corner of the dance floor. I've learned how to use the pole and perform for the audience."

"That I'd like to see," Al barked to the other's laughter. Vickie poked his arm playfully.

"I just do it to tease poor Bill," Kathy confessed. "I use this pole at the corner of the deck."

Al noticed the pole and grinned. "Are you going to give us a show?"

Kathy grinned and sipped her drink. I might if Vickie agrees to try it too. But there are some rules."

"Sounds very sexy," Vickie admitted. "Do you wrap yourself around the pole, or do you climb on it?"

"A little of both, I guess. It can be rather arousing to hold something so long and round."

Al found his voice. "Wait, you mentioned something about rules. What's that about?"

Now, it was Kathy's turn to be coy. "You can only watch if you are restrained," she announced.

"You mean you'd tie us up?" Al asked, his eyes wide.

"Yep. It's a way to increase the arousal factor and, believe me, it does that!"

"Any other rules?" Al asked almost in a whisper.

Kathy looked over at Vickie and answered directly to her. "You must be restrained...and unclothed," she replied.

Vickie smiled at her hostess. "That sounds positively wicked, Kathy!"

"That's the only way it can work," she said. "I don't allow it any other way."

Vickie looked at both men, a serious face of some intensity. "Are you two willing to obey the rules?" 

Bill nodded his head immediately. "Fine with me," he announced. "It's worth it to see the show."

Al sat wrapped in his thoughts. His wife and Kathy had laid down a challenge. Was he prepared to submit to something so debasing just to witness two women perform a pole dance?

"I'm not sure I like the idea of any kind of restraint," Al began haltingly. "It sounds a bit kinky to me."

Kathy sneered at his response. "It won't hurt at all, Al. In fact, you might be surprised at the excitement you will feel while being gently restrained. You should try everything at least once, right?"

"Come on, honey," Vickie urged. "I'll protect you, I promise. It will be fun to have Kathy teach me some of her new moves."

"Oh, all right, I guess. How bad can it be?" Al finally relented. "When do you want to do your little dance?"

Kathy clapped her hands. "We can do it right now, before anybody loses their nerve. Vickie, come help me round up the stuff we'll need."

The two women dashed into the house giggling. Al turned to Bill. "This is crazy."

Bill nodded. "Yeah, it's a little nuts, but trust me, you will find it quite refreshing to be the helpless pawn to your wife. She will surprise you and we'll be winners in the end."

Al nodded. "So, you really like being submissive around the house now?"

"It's a turn-on for both of us. It's a breath of fresh air, buddy. We are both masters of our realm at work, so it's a real change to let your wife take the reins at home. You'll see."

"I'll reserve judgment on that, but I really want to see them dance around that pole."

>>>>3

Vickie and Kathy returned to the deck carrying lengths of Velcro and some wide straps. Dropping their gear in a pile, Kathy turned to the two husbands.

"You will both be undressed now. Vickie, you can take care of Bill. I'll remove Al's things, then we'll find suitable seats for them."

Al watched his wife move directly in front of their host and begin to unbutton his shirt. His attention was drawn away by Kathy's touch on his top button. She was looking directly into his eyes as she fumbled with each button...taking her time. After removing his shirt, she unbuckled his shorts and he took a deep breath as she moved his zipper down. Kneeling, Kathy slid his shorts down his stout legs and her hands reached up to the waistband of his underwear. Her fingers felt strange as she slipped his jockey's down, exposing his semi-stiff member.

"Hello, Shorty," Kathy chuckled as she looked directly at his groin. "Step out now," she instructed.

Glancing away, Al saw his wife completing her task with their host. Bill stood stark naked in front of her and he was smiling broadly. Vickie had seen Bill nude in a hot tub before, but this seemed quite different.

"I think we will put Bill in that chair," Kathy stated. "Al might be more comfortable in this lounger," she added with a chuckle.

Al watched as Kathy and Vickie put Bill in the chair and proceeded to wrap Velcro restraints around his arms and legs, binding him to his chair. A thick strap went around his chest and he was quickly restrained, with no means of freeing himself.

"Al, you will lie on the lounger now," Kathy ordered. 

He was about to hesitate when Vickie pressed her hand on his back and pushed him toward the lounger. He allowed his wife to guide him to the lounge chair and press his shoulder enough to make him sit on its side. Kathy put his legs up onto the chair and his wife pushed his chest to stretch him out there.

Al felt the Velcro straps circle his arms and legs as the two women made quick work of the restraining straps that held him onto the lounge chair. He and Bill were positioned with open views of the deck pole, but they were immobile and in anticipation of what was yet to come.

Vickie stood beside Al's inert form and leaned over to kiss him deeply. Bill got a kiss from Kathy at the same time. It was obvious that the two women had done some rehearsing while in the house.

"Turn up the music, Vickie," Kathy said. "I feel like moving with the rhythms."

As the volume increased, Kathy used her hands to caress and stroke the pole, treating it like a giant penis. Gripping the pole, she stood away from it and slowly gyrated her curvy ass and showing off her slender legs for the two men.

"Watch closely, Vickie," she told her friend. "You will be the next dancer when I'm done."

A series of sexy moves followed, with Kathy moving up and down against the pole and holding her breasts around the cool pole. She went into a squat, and then rubbed her pelvis up and down its surface. Turning away from the pole, she pointed her pelvis at the two men and licked her lips as they feasted their eyes on her now-damp shorts. Her nipples were erect and very visible through her thin tube top.

Bill's substantial cock was now stiff and standing up in his lap. He watched his wife with greedy eyes as she continued to gyrate for them. As she rubbed against the pole, her tube top began to slip down, exposing her right nipple. She looked at the men, then held her breast to her tongue and licked her own nipple.

Al felt his own cock begin to stiffen as his hostess continued to tease and indicate her interest in doing even more. Soon, his short dick was standing at attention, away from his prone form, and quite obvious. Even more embarrassing, he felt pre cum begin to leak from the end of his cock.

Both men were hoping for more from Kathy when the song ended and she tucked her exposed tit back inside her tube top. "That's all for now, boys," she teased as she walked between them, strutting and moving her slender body.

"I think they both enjoyed the show," Kathy laughed. Vickie joined in and pointed to the leakage now shining along her husband's erect member.

"The boys deserve a little relief," Kathy added. She moved to Bill's chair and quickly kissed the head of his engorged cock. Vickie picked up on the suggestion and put Al's creamy dick between her lips and sucked cum from the head.

Kathy poured herself another drink and filled Vickie's glass also. "Now that I have their attention, why don't you show our men what you can do with some music and a stiff pole...and believe me, the pun is very much intended."

Vickie gulped her drink and surveyed the two naked men before her. "They can't touch me or abuse me, so I'm free to let myself go," Vickie thought as she watched both men's cocks twitch with anticipation. She was determined not to be outdone by her younger friend.

"Start the music," Vickie told Kathy, as she slowly strutted over to the smooth pole. 

The first song had a provocative beat and Vickie felt herself flush with pent-up lust as she used the pole to support her as she enticingly moved her ample ass toward the two husbands.

Kathy kept the music going, shifting the next song to "Taking Care of Business," a favorite stripper tune. The sexy music had the right effect on Vickie. Her dancing became more sensual and she hugged the cool pole between her torpedo-shaped breasts. A minute into the lengthy song, Vickie looked at the two bound men and licked her lips. As they ogled her, Vickie unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged it off, exposing her flimsy bra and showing the size and color of her nipples.

The cool hardness of the thick pole slid between her twin globes and she moved up and down, feeling the smoothness tug at her almost transparent bra cups. Al's cock pulsed at the sight of his hot wife performing almost obscenely and using the pole as a substitute penis. He realized that their host and hostess were also staring at his wife, watching her actions with growing arousal. Their being there enhanced the euphoric feeling in his loins.

As the song continued, Vickie moved even closer and began to rub her pubic mound against the steel pole. She rubbed in short, frantic moves a few times then seemed to grow frustrated. She detached from the pole temporarily and reached for the zipper of her shorts. In an instant, her shorts fell to her feet and she stepped out of them, leaving her in nearly transparent panties and her bra. Al groaned as he saw his wife openly exposing herself.

Vickie returned to the pole and let the smooth surface massage her mound, and alternately slide between her soft tits. Her eyes closed and she seemed to be making love to the inert column as the music pounded in her head.

The song finally ended. Vickie slid slowly down the pole and sprawled on the floor, legs akimbo, eyes closed, a smile on her face.

Al was close enough to spot the obvious wet spot between his wife's open legs. He knew that she had enjoyed a strong orgasm at some point near the end of her act. 
