 (part one)

When I first knew that men liked the beauty of a womans body was when I watched Mark and Gary from across the street. After watching for a lengthy time I went up to my to give them a show by opening my curtains and stripping down to the buff as they watched.

Soon I decided that I needed to speak with them and say hi. So one day when they were out doing their yard work I walked across the street and I introduced myself. The conversation quickly went to being able to see me when I was changing. So just before I went back to my house one of them said, 

"Hey we are having a few friends over this weekend if you want you can come over as well." 

So I told them that I might be over then and left. I continued to strip for them each evening. They had since invested in binoculars.

Then Saturday evening came around and I put on some makeup and did my hair put on a long flowing skirt with no panties and a tight tank to with spaghetti straps and no bra. Then I went over and knocked on the front door and they let me in. The party was going really well. I was introduced to their friends Matt, John and Kyle. They were all drinking and having a really good time. I was just drinking soda. After the first hour or so Mark and Gary started getting close to me. The were both on either side of me on the couch and one would kiss me and the other would fondle my breasts. I was a little un-nerved by this at first. I was really very shy.

The other three friends were just sitting there watching us and they all were talking together and I was laughing. Then Mark whispered in my ear..

"So baby...I know you want both of us...do you want all of us?"

I shook my head no. So then that made Mark even more determined and he told me that him and Gary really enjoyed watching me strip each night. I could feel myself getting really aroused. My nipples were hard and my pussy kind of was pulsing.

Then he asked me again if I wanted to have them all. I again refused and I told him that I was scared and that I had never done that before. So then he dared me to. Well, I wasn't one to back down from a dare at the time. So I looked at him and I said...."All right, you're on."

Then he kissed me deeply on the lips and he said...."I don't think you will be disappointed." then he announced to everyone that we were having an orgy. I laughed when he said this and I questioned it even being an orgy as I thought that an orgy meant lots of men and women...not lots of men and a woman.

The Gary got up and he put on some music and he came back over and he told us to get up off the couch. So we moved off of the couch and he unfolded it. It was a queen-size hidabed. Then Mark smiled and he picked me up and laid me in the middle of it. I remember thinking to myself that they had planned this. Well that made me even more determined to make them see that I wasn't chicken.

Then both Mark and Gary undressed and crawled onto the bed on each side of me. One took off my shirt and the other one took off my skirt. I looked over and the other three were sitting there watching. They had stopped talking and were silent. 

Mark kissed me and his tongue entered my mouth and was moving around wildly.

His pressure on my mouth getting harder and harder. Gary was pinching my nipples softly. This was really turning me on and I could feel my juices trickling from my pussy. Mark stopped kissing me and he slowly moved my legs apart and he growled, "Do you know I have wanted your sweet cunt since you first started stripping for us?"

 (part two)

I just smiled and nodded my head, feeling my face flush as I knew that the other three were looking at my wet pussy from across the room. Then Gary came up and smiled at me and told me that he had wanted to take my tight little ass. I just smiled and he then kissed me hard on the mouth, I could taste the faint taste of blood in my mouth, from where he had ground my lips against my teeth as his tongue madly fucked my mouth.

I felt both of their hands on me one had his finger slid deep inside my wet hole and the other was rubbing my hard swollen clit. Then I heard the one that wasn't kissing me tell the others to come and join in. My hips were moving with a will of their own. Rising and falling against the fingers caressing me and fucking me.

I felt the bed move and I knew that at least one of the others had gotten on the bed. Then Gary stopped kissing me and he started biting and sucking on my breasts. He removed his finger from my pussy and he slid it into my mouth and told me to suck all of me juices off of it. I sucked hard on his finger tasting my juices. That made me ache even more and I was ready to take control. Now I was ready to take what they had made me desire.

I raised my head and I looked at the others. They all three had their cocks out and were stroking them. I smiled and I asked them to please come and join us. They all three quickly undressed and joined us on the bed. Mark was sucking on one breast and Gary was sucking on the other. The others started stroking their hard cocks and began caressing my thighs, and then one slid his finger into my swollen pussy lips and started circling hard against my clit. The other slid his finger inside my wet cunt and then pulled it out and then he slid it down and his wet finger was circling over my asshole. The other one was circling around the opening of my cunt and then I gasped when I felt each finger slide into me. My ass was tight and pulsing, swelling and trying to expel the finger that had just slid all the way into it. I moaned as I felt the pain. The other finger was swirling and circling around and around inside my pussy as he moved it in and out of me. Then I moaned as I felt a hard cock against each thigh. I could feel the head of them slippery and wet with precum. Soon my ass became accustomed to having his finger deep inside of it.

I was moaning softly now.

My hands took each cock beside me and I started stroking them in unison, I felt the bed move and I looked up and there was Matt looking down at me. He pressed his hard cock down and rubbed it all over my face, smearing his precum all over. I wanted his cock in my mouth so bad. I whispered to him to let me suck on his cock. He moaned as he rubbed the head of his back and forth over my lips and my tongue slid out of my mouth and was lathing around in circles. Then he told me that he want his little whore to suck him. I opened my mouth and I took him inside. God he tasted so damn good. My tongue moved all over and around his hard cock getting faster and faster and I sucked on him hard. He began moaning and I watched as he cupped his balls in his hand. Then I felt Mark and Gary move away from me and one of them lifted me, the finger in my cunt slid out and the finger in my ass slid out. Matt took his cock out of my mouth, and then Gary slid underneath me. I felt them all moving and Matt was beside, he placed my hand around his cock and I started stroking it. I looked over at Kyle and I told him to bring his hard cock over to me and I took it in my hand and started stroking it also. Then I smiled at John and he came and shoved his hard cock in my mouth.

I loved tasting his precum. MMMMMmmmmmm


(part three)

Then Mark knelt between my legs and started rubbing the head of his cock in between my pussy lips, I moaned around John's cock each time it slid over my twitching clit.

I felt Gary position the head of his cock against my asshole. Then Kyle grabbed my hair as John started slowly fucking my mouth. My hand was soaked with James' precum and I had drops of Matt's precum on my stomach. I was circling and thrusting my hips, as they all wanted something from me. God the feeling of all these men wanting me, having my entire body filled or busy with a hard cock excited me almost feverishly.

I felt the head of Gary's cock pressing harder against my ass. The head forcing my asshole open. I moaned loudly as I felt the tip slide in as my ass fought to repel it. Then I moaned louder as the swollen precum soaked head slid inside my ass. My tight ass ring spasming around it, moaning again louder and my hips thrusting upwards trying to slide his cock out of my ass. The pain was immense. I felt Gary grab my hips and he pulled me back hard and his cock slid all the way into my ass. I cried out in pain around John's cock. I felt Mark's cock pressing into my tight cunt. My ass was jerking around Gary's cock and oh god I almost screamed with the pain that I felt when Mark slid his hard cock all the way into my cunt. My body was shaking. I felt a little lightheaded. But I didn't pass out.

The feeling of the two cocks gliding in and out of my ass and my cunt alternating, soon became a pleasant feeling as I felt the pressure each time that the heads slid past each other with the thin membrane that separated my ass and cunt. I began to slowly move with them. John was thrusting and out of my mouth hard, almost gagging me when he slammed it in. I could feel the cocks in my hands throbbing and jerking.

I could hear the panting and gasping of all of them as they fucked me harder and harder. Then I groaned as John squeezed my breasts really hard and he shoved his jerking cock deep into my throat, I gagged and he threw back his head and I heard him moan really loud and then I felt his cum squirting against the back of my throat. I couldn't swallow fast enough and gagged a little as I tried to take it all.

Mark and Gary were ramming their cocks hard into me and I would almost cry out as they hit the end of my ass and cunt. They were grabbing my tits and squeezing them and twisting and pinching my nipples. I was moving almost wantonly with them. When John finished cumming he slid out of my mouth and he moved to the side of the bed and sat stroking his spent cock as he watched the others fucking me. Kyle quickly took his place. Kyle groaned when he slid his rock hard cock into my mouth. He was shaking over me, his hips thrusting his hard cock in and out of my mouth. Mark took my free hand and he placed it on my pussy and he told me to rub my clit hard for them so that they could watch. I groaned and started slowly rubbing my clit. Then I started rubbing harder and faster. Moaning and gasping loudly as I felt my climax drawing near.

Then Gary started moaning louder and louder as he fucked my tight ass harder and faster. His fingers digging hard into my hips. Then I heard the other Steve moaning and hissing, pumping his cock in and out of me ferociously. Each thrust sending me up and my nose would slide against Kyle's balls.

I was stroking Matt's cock hard and fast and he was thrusting powerfully against my hand. Then Kyle jerked his cock out of my mouth and stroked it hard and fast as moved to my side and I watched until Matt moved over my head and slid his cock in my mouth. Pumping wildly he started panting droplets of sweat from his hair were dripping onto my neck and chest. Then I was there, I arched and spasmed and cried out in almost a scream as I felt Kyle's hot cum land on my wildly bouncing breasts, I heard Gary say...."Oh fuck!" and then Matt pulled out and he shot wad after wad of hot cum on my face. I cried out...."OH GOD SHIT!!!! FUCK ME HARDER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" And with that both Mark and Gary let out these animalistic grunts and I started shaking and then I felt my hot cum gushing all over Mark's cock as he slammed it deep and held it there shaking as his release gobs and gobs of his cum into my cunt. 

Gary also thrust into my ass hard and he bit my shoulder as I felt him shoot his load into my rippling and spasming ass. The pleasure was so intense for me that I felt like I was frozen, couldn't move, couldn't make a noise, just was there almost mindless with pleasure as I quivered and shook. Then I collapsed onto Gary and he wrapped his arms around me and then Mark collapsed on top of me softly kissing my forehead. The other three were all caressing my body and we slowly moved from each others embrace and we laid all together on the bed and started talking and laughing like it was a natural thing for us to all be together.

Then Mark and Gary decided that they needed some sleep so they went to their rooms and John went to the guest room, and Kyle and Matt laid on the hidabed with me and we started talking.