 Journal entry - Sunday Dec 31, 1988 - The Party

Editor's note: I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. OK, this one is mostly fantasy but who wouldn't have wanted to go to a party like this. Cheers! 

Steve, Pete, and I had been talking for quite some time about throwing a wild New Years Eve party. It was going to be a party to end all parties. Steve and Pat and Pete and Cathy were coming along with Frank and Patty. Patty's boyfriend, Frank, went to school about 3 hours away. He came up 2 or 3 times a month but between visits, Patty and I fucked pretty steady. It was just a casual thing. We both just liked to fuck. At the time I was also dating a freshman named Robin. We really wanted to close out the year with a bang. It was our intention to get the girls drunk enough to get wild and crazy. Steve and I bought a case of Champaign and Pete said he was going to score some ecstasy. 

I asked Patty one night while we were fucking what she thought the chances were of turning the party into an orgy. "I know Frank will be into it," she said. 

"It's not him I'm worried about," I replied.

"I don't think you'll have a problem with the girls," she said, "we're a lot more sluttish than we let on. I know Pat's been looking for an excuse to get into your pants for a long time now. You guys just get us good and drunk and I'll nudge the girls in the right direction."

"Works for me," I agreed.

"Here's an idea," she added, "we'll make it a costume party; a 'come as a slut' party."

"I knew I could count on you," I told her. 

That made me feel a whole lot better...until the next week when Robin told me she was going to go home for the holiday break. I hadn't considered the fact that Robin would not be in town for New Years. It looked like I was going to miss the party of the century. I called every girl I knew but everybody already had plans. 

I was in town visiting my parents between Christmas and New Years when I ran into Susie at the local coffee shop. We had dated briefly the summer after I graduated. She had been a freshman; hot and eager. I had high hopes for getting her into bed until her parents got divorced and she moved away with her mother. She was now a freshman in college at an out of state school. 

"You're looking pretty darn good," I told her. She had grown up nice; putting on 10 or 20 pounds but, more impressively, at least two cup sizes. She saw where I was looking and smiled and blushed. "You probably have plans," I told her on a lark, "but some friends of mine are throwing a New Years blow out and I need a date." 

"I can't believe a guy like you needs a date," she said. 

"I'm desperate and dateless," I replied, "and it's a couple's party." 

"Actually," she smiled, "I don't really know anyone in town and I didn't have anything going on. It might be fun." 

"I should warn you it's a 'come as a slut' costume party. My friends sometimes get a little crazy."

"Ooh," she grinned, "is there a chance I might get in trouble?" 

"If everything goes well," I smiled. 

"It sounds like fun," she said, "pick me up at my dad's place." 

I called Steve that night and told him the good news. "That's great," he told me, "who did you find?"

"You remember that girl Susie I dated the summer after high school?" 

"Yeah," he said, "she was pretty hot, how was she in bed?" 

"She moved away before I got the chance to find out. But she's looking pretty good. I'm hoping to change that at the party." 

"I wouldn't mind a piece of that myself. Do you think she'll play along?" 

"I told her about the costume thing and she seemed OK with it. If she gets uncomfortable I'll take her home." 

I picked Susie up the afternoon of the party. She had a small overnight bag. "Do you think I can change at the party?" she asked, "I didn't want my dad to see my outfit."

"You can change at my apartment," I told her.

"That would be even better. I went shopping yesterday and I wanted to get your opinion." 

We got to my place and she went into the bathroom to change. I had to change too. I had a pair of leather pants cut about half way down the crack of my ass that I was going to wear along with a matching vest. The pants were too tight for underwear. 

I was waiting in the living room when Susie came out. I couldn't believe how hot she looked. She had on a loose fitting black silk sleeveless, backless one piece outfit. It tied around her neck and was slit open to her waist line. The material barely covered her glorious tits. Every time she moved a different part of her chest was exposed. It really didn't matter, though, as the material was see through. The bottom was a loose fitting pair of shorts, not much more than a thong. 

"What do you think?" she asked. 

All I could do was stare with an open mouth. If it wasn't for the good possibility that I was finally going to get a chance to fuck Steve's girlfriend, Pat, I would have said screw the party and jumped her bones right then and there. "Wow!" I finally muttered, "You've grown up." 

"Do you think the other guys will like it?" 

"If your intention was to get them to fight each other to see who gets to do you first," I replied, "I'd say you succeeded." 

"That's what I was going for," she smiled.

We got our coats on and headed over to the party. Patty met us at the door. I introduced her to Susie. "Nice to meet you," she said, giving both of us a big hug. "Keep your coats on. We're going to have a glass of Champaign and judge the costumes. Patty took Susie around and introduced her while I went out to the kitchen to help with the Champaign. Steve and Frank had just finished pouring and Pete dropped an ecstasy tab in each glass. 

"Party on," he said. We grabbed the glasses and some extra bottles and headed back to the living room. I handed Susie a glass and we drank a toast. We drained our glasses and poured refills. I introduced Susie to the guys while we finished our 2nd glass. She remembered Pete and Steve but Frank was new, of course. For a girl who was soon going to be fucked by a group of guys she barley knew, she seemed quite at ease. Even I was a bit nervous at the prospect. But the medicated Champaign was putting a nice warm glow on the evening.

Susie was just starting to tell me how cute my friends were when Patty announced, "OK girls, it's time to let the guys judge our outfits." Susie handed me her empty glass and joined the girls in the center of the room. We sat down and waited for the show. Patty went first. She took off her coat and strutted about. She had on a tiny white tube top and a tiny black thong. The elastic, translucent top gave her tits a nice shape and her nipples were erect. She really didn't have the body to wear a thong but no one was complaining. We hooted and hollered our approval. 

Pat and Cathy went next. "We dressed as a pair," Cathy explained. They dropped their coats and were dressed as matching school girls. Their white cotton shirts were unbuttoned and tied at the waist. They wore ultra short plaid skirts and white cotton panties. They were about the same size and shape, about 5'5" with very tight asses. Pat was blond and Cathy brunette. Both had nice firm medium sized tits, Cathy's might have been a little bigger. We applauded and whistled. 

Susie went next. She dropped her coat and stood smiling. The place fell silent as we all stared. She had a light complexion anyway but her tits were milky white beneath the sheer black covering. "Holy shit!" Pete finally explained.

"Who invited her?" Patty asked sarcastically. "If one of you guys doesn't jump her soon I sure as fuck will," she added. We all laughed. 

The girls sat down and we had another glass of Champaign. "This is very good," Susie told me as she drained another glass, "it makes me feel warm all over." I poured her another glass. 

"This is exceptionally good," agreed Cathy, who was sitting on the other side of Susie, "is anyone else hot or is it just me?" She finished her glass and handed it to Pete. While he was filling it she reached down, untied her shirt and casually slipped it off. She had bigger tits than I had thought; a good full C cup, perhaps C+. She always dressed so conservatively that you'd never know it. They were smaller than Patty's and probably Susie's, but not by much. 

"OK ladies," Patty announced, "it looks like it's time for the boob judging contest." They all giggled. 

I told Susie she didn't have to feel pressured into participating if she didn't want to. She finished her drink and said, "I'm fine. This is fun." "Besides," she added, standing up, "don't you want to see my boobs?" 

"You got me there," I smiled. She handed me the glass and joined the girls in the center of the room. Cathy was already topless and she had very nice, shapely tits. They were very firm and somewhat oval shaped with tiny nipples that pointed up. They had to be a good, strong C cup. 

"I might as well go next," Pat announced, "I can tell I'm not going to win this contest." She dropped her shirt. Compared to Patty she did have smaller tits. But they were firm and pointy with large, juicy nipples.

"Your boobs are pretty," Cathy told her, grabbing one and giving her nipple a tweak. 

"Thanks, babe," Pat told her, giving her a hug. 

"We better keep this thing going before these two start going at it in the middle of the floor," Patty said. We all laughed. She pulled her top down and turned to Susie. Susie reached up and untied her top and let it fall. As I suspected, they were smaller than Patty's but not by much. They were milky white with cute pink nipples. Patty grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her against her body, pressing their nipples together. We hooted and whistled our approval. Both girls' tits were nice. Patty's were a little bit flabbier; Susie's were nice and perky. 

Not wanting to be outdone Pat announced, "Those bitches may have the nicest boobs but I bet I have the nicest ass. She turned around and bent over to demonstrate. "Loose the panties," Pete hollered out. She turned around and winked and pulled off her white cotton panties. She bent back over and her ass was indeed very nice. It was firm and tight. She spread her legs and we could see her wet pussy hair hanging down. 

"I guess it's a cutest butt contest girls," Patty announced. Not that she needed to but she pulled off her thong and tossed it as us as she turned and bent over. She had several extra pounds but her ass was still nice and sexy. Cathy dropped her panties and turned. Her ass was nearly as juicy as Pat's, not quite as round. Susie had to remove her outfit to show her ass which she did without a moment's hesitation. She turned and gave us a show. She had a very nice ass as well, a bit bigger than Pat's. We watched the show for awhile before Patty put an end to it saying, "I think it's the guys' turn, don't you ladies." They shouted their agreement. "Before you get started, though," she added, "could you go out and get some more Champaign. We went out and retrieved a bottle apiece. I handed one to Susie and she thanked me with a deep, tongue probing kiss. She took the bottle and guzzled it as I took my place in the middle of the room. 

"Don't be shy, guys," Pat said, "get rid of the pants." They oohed and ahhed as we turned and dropped our pants. "And undies," Cathy added. We turned and showed them our butts. They seemed to be enjoying the show until Patty interrupted, "Turn around and let's see your money makers!" They all laughed. I shrugged my shoulders and turned. The girls were silent for a moment. I looked at my fellow exhibitors. To my surprise Frank had a cock almost as long as mine. He must have been nearly 9 inches. Steve had what looked like a nice, above average 6 or 7 inches; nothing to be ashamed of. Pete had probably only a 6 inch cock but it was a monster. It must have been 3 or 4 inches thick. 

"What do you think girls?" Patty asked. 

"I don't know about you guys," Susie answered, "but I've never seen a collection of such gorgeous cocks in my life. My pussy is burning." They all agreed. 

Patty produced 4 bandannas and announced the next party game was a partner guessing contest. "You guys get 4 chairs from the kitchen. We'll blindfold ourselves and then we'll suck your magnificent cocks and try to guess which one is our boyfriend." We went out and got some chairs. The girls were blindfolded on their knees in a row in the middle of the room. We sat the chairs down in front of them and sat down. Just by chance I was sitting in front of Cathy. She reached out, found my cock and guided it to her lips. She was a bit tentative at first but soon lost her inhibitions and got into it. She was a very good little cock sucker. I was really starting to enjoy myself when Patty announced, "Next." We got up and moved down a chair and I laid my cock between Patty's luscious lips. She sucked my like she always did, nice and deep. She couldn't quite get my entire cock in her throat, but she came darn close. All too soon she removed my cock and shouted, "Next." "Nice dick, Jeff," she whispered as I got up and went around to sit in front of Susie. I had no idea how she was reacting to the way the party was going but she seemed to be taking it in stride. She eagerly gobbled up my cock and proceeded to give me an excellent blow job. She was almost as good as Patty. Fortunately Patty announced the change before I unloaded in her mouth. I sat down in front of Pat and she took my cock just as eagerly as had the other girls. 

"OK girls," Patty announced, "can you pick out your boyfriend?" Cathy and Pat were able to identify Pete and Steve but Susie and Patty each pointed to the wrong guy. We all laughed as we swilled some more Champaign. I was sitting with Pat and we started making out. Steve was matched up with Susie, Pete with Patty, and Frank with Cathy. We made out and felt up each other's bodies for a while before Patty suggested it was the guys' chance. We were going to get blindfolded and have to guess our date by the taste of her pussy. "It's really not fair for me and Susie," I observed, "but it's going to be fun trying." They all laughed as we put on our blindfolds. A girl sat down in front or me and I found her pussy by touch and slid my tongue between her luscious lips. I couldn't tell which slut I was eating, but she was nice and wet; and very tasty. I was pretty sure it wasn't Patty, but I eagerly licked up her juices. The next girl was equally juicy and tasty. I licked up her slit and teased her clit before sliding my tongue deep insider her pussy. The way she sighed I thought it might have been Pat or Cathy, but I wasn't sure. The next pussy defiantly belonged to Patty. She tasted as sweet as ever but I didn't let on that I knew it was her. My last girl was just as tasty as the rest and just as juicy. 

"Before we remove the blindfolds I just want to say those are four of the sweetest tasting, most juicy pussies I've ever eaten," I announced. The girls all thanked me with a nice, wet kiss. "What's next?" I asked Patty.

"We can either play musical chairs or pin the cock on the slut," she replied. 

"We already have the chairs set up," said Cathy, "let's do musical chairs." 

"OK, " Patty replied, "we need 3 guys sitting and the girls circling." 

I volunteered to work the music. I went over and flipped on the stereo. "When the music stops, girls," Patty said, "find someone's cock to sit on." I let the girls circle for quite awhile as the guys sat stroking their cocks, waiting. Just as they were starting to complain I shut off the music. Susie sat her pussy down in Steve's lap and quickly engulfed his cock. Patty gritted her teeth and took Pete's fatty up her snatch. Pat ended up fucking Frank's monster. 

Cathy was left with no one to fuck. Before she could start to pout I called her over. "Come over here, little girl, and I'll give you your consolation prize." She grinned and came over to my side of the room. I had her lean up against the wall and I took her from behind, sliding my throbbing cock into her dripping, wet pussy. 

"That's even better," she sighed as I started slowly fucking her, "thanks." 

"No thanks necessary, mam," I told her, "it's my job to make sure all contestants receive a lovely parting gift." She laughed as I continued sliding my cock in and out of her pussy. I let the couples go for several minutes, mainly because I was having so much fun fucking Cathy. The contestants groaned when I hit the music and had to pry themselves off the cock they were riding. 

Steve volunteered to sit out the next round. "I see something nice over here." He came over to where I was fucking Cathy and offered her his cock. She bent over and began eagerly sucking his dick while the girls circled around the remaining cocks. I popped the music off. Pat landed on Frank's cock and Susie landed on Pete's wide load. 

"Oh fuck that's good," they sighed simultaneously. They looked at each other and laughed as they began riding up and down the cock they'd claimed. Patty came over to where Steve and I were sharing Cathy. Steve took Cathy over to the couch and they started fucking. I leaned Patty up against the wall and gave her my lovely parting gift.

"I think the party if going pretty good, don't you?" I said as I started fucking her from behind.

"The best party I've ever been to," she sighed, as she swayed back against me to meet my cock. 

"OK, ladies," I announced, "one more time." They protested even more than the last time as they slowly got off their cocks. Pete came over and let Patty suck his cock while Pat and Susie circled Frank who sat stroking his cock, patiently waiting. I fucked Patty for a while then flipped off the music. Susie narrowly edged out Pat in the race for Frank's cock and slid her pussy over his cock as she settled onto his lap. 

I left Patty for Pete to fuck and went to the middle of the room to give Pat her consolation prize. She didn't seem too disappointed to have my cock instead of Frank's. We lay in the middle of the floor fucking. I was close enough to reach over and give Susie's ass a licking. She turned around and smiled before quickly turning her attention back to Frank who was eagerly sucking her tits while she rode his cock. 

"OK gang," Patty announced, "time for a break." She seemed to have assumed the position of party leader. "We have more games." 

I was ready for a drink. Susie sat down beside me and we polished off a bottle of Champaign between us. "Are you still having fun?" I asked her. 

"I'm having the time of my life;" she replied, "I can't believe how lucky I was to run into you the other day." 

"I'm glad we're not too wild for you." We sat on the couch making out. From somewhere a joint was going around the table. Patty, who was sitting on the other side of Susie making out with Steve, had one hand in Susie's lap, flicking her clit and slipping a finger in and out of her pussy. 

"Who needs some more Champaign?" I asked. 

"I'll take some more," Susie said. 

"Me too," added Patty. 

I had to take a leak so I headed back to the bathroom and then into the kitchen. When I returned Patty and Susie were 69ing each other in the middle of the room; both girls moaning heavily. Steve was sitting on the couch. Facing into the room, Cathy had her ass cheeks spread and was in the process of taking Steve's cock slowly up her ass. Beside them, Pat was sitting in Pete's lap, fucking and making out. "I can't believe how good your cock feels inside me," Pat moaned as she road up and down Pete's fat cock. 

On the other end of the couch, Cathy finished working Steve's cock into her asshole and Frank was now sliding his monster deep into her pussy. Cathy was cuming before he even made it all the way in. "Oh fuck that's good boys," she moaned, "just keep on fucking. Oh fuck, just like that." 
