 The day of the party is finally here and I am both nerves and excited, the butterflies in my stomach doing back flips. After days of switching between outfits, I finally decided on a short leather mini skirt and a dark long sleeved top that squeezes my breast together, creating very deep cleavage. I feel your eyes sliding up and down the length of my bare legs, moving higher as you straighten up from tying your shoes. You look both handsome and relaxed in your Khaki pants and blue polo shirt, making me wonder if you feel the same way I do. I walk over to you, wrapping my arms around your neck, kissing you deeply, your hands squeezing my soft leather encased ass. I rub my hips against yours, feeling the material of my thong rub against my bald softness, making me a bit wet. I pull away smiling down at the rise I got from your cock with my hips and start to head for the door.

You ring the door bell, your free arm wrapped around my waist holding me close to you, and it is answered immediately by our hostess for the evening. She's wearing a sort of toga, made out of a light sheer material that comes down to her mid-thighs, cinched at her small waist with a gold cord. Her large breasts sway, her hard nipples poking out from the fabric, as she hugs each of us bidding us to come in. We look at each other and smile as she takes us both by our hands to lead us through the house, smiling to people we pass by, on our way to her living room. There is a large group of people standing around the fire place all with drinks in their hands chatting, she brings us right to them and starts introducing us. She asks us what we'd like to drink, offering up a list of different wines and other liquids, I choose a white, while you chose Evian, leaving us to get acquainted with the new people.

One of the women in the group sticks out her hand to you in introduction, always the gentlemen you take her hand and kiss it lightly on her knuckles. Her eyes travel up and down your body, stopping to linger on the large bulge of your dormant hardness, licking her lips before taking her hand back. I can feel the eyes of the gentleman standing next to me doing the same to me, only my back side. Without lowering his voice he tells me I have a great ass and reaches out to give it a swat and a firm squeeze. I feel a rushing sensation as heat starts to flood my softness, making me even wetter then I was before we left the house. 

I excuse myself from the group for a moment, giving your hand a squeeze before I go in search of the restroom, needing to relieve myself. I find the bathroom door and open it, walking in on our host as he is sliding his rather large cock back into his pants. I watch as he makes a show out of it, stroking it a few times, making it begin to stiffen before tucking it away and pulling up the zipper. I scoot to the toilet and wiggle my thong down my thighs, sitting, releasing a flow of warm pee into the bowl. Looking up I see our host with his cock back in his hands, stroking it while he watches me pee. My eyes land on his large swollen head, a few drops of precum starting to glisten at the tip. A rumble from my stomach makes me blush, hearing it he tells me if I'm hungry I could nibble on this and wiggles his cock in my face. Nodding my head he moves forward, pressing his head against my lips, pushing it into my mouth. 

I swallow every throbbing inch, feeling the veins pulsing just below the skin, my tongue twirling around the head, lapping up the precum. He starts to thrust his hips, I feel his head hit the back of my throat, squeezing with my lips as he pulls out and pushes back in a little harder each time, fucking my sweet mouth. My hands start to squeeze his ass, massaging and kneading them, pulling him deeper into my mouth, his balls bumping against my chin. With one loud grunt I feel his hot salty cum squirt against the back of my throat and start to slide down. I drink every drop, pulling on his shaft with my hand, making sure I don't miss any before letting his limp dick slip from between my lips. Standing up from the toilet, I smack and lick my lips, giving him a quick kiss as I leave him shuddering against the sink to rejoin you. 

When I return to the living room, I find you seated on the couch, one arm wrapped around a beautiful red head with medium sized breasts, and on your other side, a short haired blond, your hand fondling her breasts and tweaking her nipples. I find a place on the love seat, sitting next to a man who is the blonde's husband, his hand in the waist band of his pants, stroking his cock while he watches you play with his wife. I start to tease and pinch my nipple threw the fabric of my shirt, feeling myself get wet as I watch your hand work relentlessly on the blonds tits. I see you smile and hear you groan softly, looking down I see the red head hand in your crotch, rubbing your now awake hardness threw your khakis, a damp spot starting to grow where the tip rests. An idea starts to form in my head and I whisper into the ear of the man sitting next to me. Nodding he removes his hand and whispers into his wife's ear, she manages a moan and nods as well, a glassy expression of pleasure plastered across her face. I move to the red head, whispering the same and she smiles wickedly, giving me a small kiss on the cheek as she stand and starts moving away with the other couple. 

I take your hand and pull you up off the couch, leading you behind the other three as we come to the first unoccupied bedroom available. A large king sized bed sits in the middle of the room, against the wall are several cushy chairs, all facing the bed. I strip you down till you are naked and place you in one of the chairs as the blonde does the same to her husband. Next, all three of us ladies stand before you and him and start to undress each other, our hands playing and exploring each other's bodies. We kiss each other, our fingers playing with the other girls nipples, bits of cloths flying in every direction, until all three of us are naked, our hands dipping between each other's thighs, sliding into our soft wetness. The red head has a full fiery bush, the blonde is sleekly trimmed. Mine is the only totally bare pussy and the other two take turn stroking and caressing my silky lips. 

We move to the bed, they lay me down in the center, red's head starts to suck on my ripe nipples, swirling her tongue over each one making them stiffen and erect. blond starts to lap at my wetness, sliding the tip of her tongue up and down my wet slit, licking up my gathering juices. Red straddles my face, lowering her velvety softness over my mouth, which I greedily start to suck on. One of my hands starts to tweak my abandoned nipples, the other starts to finger blond's pussy, pumping my fingers in and out between her plump lips. Blonds tongue finds my swollen clit and starts to flick across it quickly, causing me to moan into reds mound as I stiffen my tongue and start to fuck her wet softness with it. Taking her finger, blond starts to pump in and out of my dripping hole, making me buck against your hand, encouraging her to suck harder on my aching clit. I use my hand to hold reds dripping pussy against my mouth, not wanting to miss a single drop of her sweet cum. 

My body starts to shake as I feel my climax building, I hear the other girls doing the same thing, so I start to lick and thrust my fingers faster in and out of their sweet wet cunts. With one collective shudder and gasp we each start to cum, red's sweet juice flooding into my mouth and dribbling down my chin, blond's cream gushing over my hand, thickly coating my fingers and dripping down her thighs. My back arches up as I cum hard against blonds mouth, as she eagerly laps up my wetness, not wanting to let a single drop escape her tongue. We collapse in a group, kiss each other, tasting each of us on our lips, softly caressing each other enjoying the afterglow. We look over to see how you two are doing, you are each stroking your throbbing cocks, both of which are leaking copious amounts of precum from the tip. I whisper something to the girls and they both smile and giggle at me, smiling and moving off to a corner of the bed to find amusement in each other. I beck both of you closer to me with my finger.

You are first to reach me and I great you with a long, deep, passionate kiss, you can taste all three of us women on my lips, you gently suck on my tongue, lingering over the taste. I feel the other mans hands on my shin, sliding up my leg, resting on my thigh, kneading and massaging the muscles. I move so that he can lay down flat on his back, his hard dick sticking straight up into the air. Quickly I straddle his hips, lowering my sopping wetness on to his raging hard on, until his cock is completely buried in my pussy. I lean forward on him, raising my tight as up for you to see, and wiggle it impatiently looking over my shoulder, softly patting my ass inviting you in. A huge smile crosses your face as you push the tip of your cock into the entrance of my soft tight ass. I sigh as I feel your thickness fill me completely, your hands on my hips, pulling me all the way down onto your cock till your balls won't let you go any further. I start to ride your cocks, rolling my hips, grinding my clit against his body while my ass clenches and squeezes hard around your cock. I feel your hands slide to my front and start rolling and pinching my nipples. His hand slides between our bodies and starts rubbing my clit in fast tiny circles. 

Your hips start to pound harder against my ass, feeling you pull out till only your tip remains in me then driving it back in as hard as you can, making my body shake. He starts to thrust his hips upwards, driving hard up into my pussy, hitting my g-spot with every stroke. I can hear your breath in my ear, quick and harsh as you fuck my ass good and hard, I can feel your cocks rubbing together, separated by a thin piece of flesh. I can feel my second climax coming and beg you to hold me tight against you. I feel your arms wrap around me, holding hard against you, my breathing becoming fast and shallow, my body frantically bumping and grinding against the two of you. He is the first to cum, shooting his thick ropy cum deep into my soft dripping wetness. Hi orgasm triggers your, sending your hot seed shooting deep up into my tight ass, I feel drops squish out and drip down my thighs. Finally with one loud screech I cum again, my body shaking violently in your arms as my orgasm rips threw my body. I fall back against you, your arms still wrapped around me, curling up together, our hearts pounding as we try to calm down. Blond crawls over to her spent husband, licking his cock clean of my juice before curling up with him, kissing him softly, and reds nowhere to be seen. 

With wobbly legs and light heads we get dressed and head out of the bedroom hand and hand, leaving the other couple to do what they will. We try to look for our host and hostess, to thank them for inviting us over, only to find them engaged in an orgy on the kitchen floor. We look at each other and smile, leaving the house together, talking about the evening's events, making our way back home. Kicking off our shoes and undressing one another, we kiss each other deeply as we crawl into our warm soft bed, wrapping ourselves around each other. The exhaustion from the evening's activities washing over us and sending us into a blissful night's sleep.