 I let my eyes close halfway and I gazed around the room. Eleven people (there is always an even number at these things) were strewn about, all of them engaged in any of several variations of sex. I was sitting on the couch next to Ted Williams (and, yes, he has heard all the jokes), a guy I'd come to know pretty well. He couldn't be called a handsome man, but there was just something about him that drew me to him. He had so far refused my advances, so I decided to let him approach me if and when he was ready.

He and his wife, Gerri, had been coming to our little get-togethers for a while now. Gerri had let loose and had gone with a woman the second time they were here. Ted had been with several of the other women and seemed to be loosening up more each time he showed up. Women regularly went down on other women, and the same went for the guys – well some of the guys. At least the guys who didn't indulge in it didn't condemn those who did. Ted was one who so far hadn't.

So, to say I was surprised when Ted leaned toward me would be a severe understatement. I had to smile as our lips came together. I had hoped he would cave in tonight. Things at the party made it nearly impossible to corral any sort of carnal thoughts. The fact that Ted's tongue was currently drilling into my mouth was proof positive. My cock quickly perked up, though it had already been erect from watching the orgy around me.

Surprised? Yes, two men together, exploring sensual feelings denied to those without the courage to experiment. In my case, I'm bisexual. I've always thought it should be 'omnisexual'. In my mind, hermaphrodites should be called bisexuals, but I don't make the rules. I should probably mention that everybody at the party maintained a clean lifestyle. We were all certified disease free and all the women were on contraceptives.

Like everybody else there, Ted and I were naked. His flat, hairy chest felt like warm fur under my hand. I played my hand through the clouds of dark hair as I answered Ted's tongue thrusting with mine into his mouth. A drop of saliva leaked from the corner of my mouth and I realized I was actually drooling in anticipation of what was about to happen. My hand slipped down over the muscular contours of his chest. I homed in on his nipple and pinched it and twisted. Ted groaned into my mouth and his hand found my cock.

I twisted harder as I thrust into his hand. I broke the kiss and dropped my head down to reach his other nipple. The hair tickled my cheeks and I had to push some out of the way with my tongue to get to his little dark red bump. I sucked it in and pinched the other one harder. By then my hips had established a rhythm and Ted's grip on my shaft was really tuning me up. I was hungry for this since I hadn't been with a man for almost six months, since Tony had been transferred halfway across the country. Tony...well, that's another story. I'll just say that he'd been one of the founders of the group. He had been my first man and I guess I sort of loved him. Anyway...

I trailed my tongue down his flat stomach, feeling like I was licking sandpaper. I swirled around his hairy navel and, moved on to my target. I lifted his thick shaft from his belly with my tongue. I wasn't surprised to discover the sticky wetness oozing from his narrow slit. I capped his head with my lips and used my tongue to slather it with spit.He sobbed and spilled his load into my mouth suddenly. I missed the first half spurt from the surprise, but I caught all the rest and let it puddle in my mouth.

When he had stopped squirting I plunged down on him, coating it with his cum before I let him slip from my lips. I leaned away so he could see my face and opened my mouth wide to let him see his cream there. Then I made a big deal out of swallowing it. Then I moved back in for another kiss. Ted started to back away but I grabbed the back of his neck. He struggled for a few seconds but my determination that he should taste his own seed was stronger.

I pulled him to me and forced his lips open. Once the tip of my tongue was past his teeth he relented and opened up. I painted his tongue with the residue of the slippery load and he groaned again. My hand reached and found that he was hard again – or still hard. Well, I thought, he'd just have to suffer a while because now it was my turn. Ted was about to suck his first cock.

I pulled my head back and licked my lips. Ted looked like he didn't know what to do. I was glad to show him. His hand had remained on my cock, but events had caused him to forget about it. Now I thrust my hips up and he tightened his grip. He smiled and started stroking me. He seemed to enjoy the feeling. But I shook my head from side to side slowly. I just said, "Suck my cock now, Ted. It's time you tried it."

"Oh, man, I know it's fair and all, but...I don't think I can."

"Well you're gonna try it or I'll teach you about butt fucking tonight. I was planning on waiting, but you're gonna help me out with more than just a hand job." I'm not really a tough guy, but I sensed Ted would need some incentive to let himself go. Psychologically he needed to be made to do something he'd always been taught was wrong. He had apparently accepted his desire to try things, but he needed a boost to take the last steps.

In any case, my words did the job. Ted reluctantly lowered his head to my lap and he gingerly licked my shaft with the tip of his tongue. "Come on, man, get to it. My balls are achin'." Ted glanced up at me and back at the hot, hard cock an inch below his lips. He used his hand to raise it from my belly and opened his mouth. His wet lips moved over the knobby head before he closed them around it. I didn't do what he did, however. He hadn't been able to last long enough for experiencing having his shaft swallowed over and over. But I wanted that real bad right then.

I held the back of his neck again and pressed him forward. I didn't shove into his mouth. I didn't push too hard. I wanted him to learn to enjoy this because I already wanted to do him again. Maybe Ted could become my new Tony, even though, like me, Tony was single. It made it easy for us to get together occasionally outside the parties. As with Ted, I had yet to be with his wife. I was looking forward to the possibility of a rendezvous with both of them sometime. But Ted's free hand cupping my balls (and his finger stroking that sensitive little stretch of skin from my balls to my ass hole) brought me back to the present.

I pushed harder on his neck because he was still only letting the first two inches or so invade his mouth. "Come on, Ted, take it!" I urged him. He definitely liked to be spoken to roughly. He needed to be forced; mock-raped. "Suck that big dick you bitch!" Ted dropped forward and I felt the back of his throat for an instant before he pulled back again. "That's the way, man, just keep doin' that and I'll give you a load in a few minutes. You're gonna swallow it, aren't you?"

He nodded his head and plunged down again. I squeezed the muscle next to his neck and spared a glance around the room. I located Gerri, where she was sitting by Serena. They were taking a break and Gerri was focused on watching her husband sucking me off. I motioned for her to join us and she eagerly got to her feet. A second later her head was in Ted's lap and she was inhaling his cock.

The sudden assault on his cock made Ted more eager to suck me. He bobbed his head up and down, taking almost all of me each time. His eagerness added to my pleasure and I felt the flood coming on fast. I thought he deserved a warning and I groaned, "Here it comes, bitch. Remember to take it all." Gerri lifted her head and looked up at me. She was surprised to hear me talking to him that way. But she also saw that Ted's only reaction was increasing his actions. She watched Ted when I grunted and stiffened up. I throbbed and felt my cream squirt out of me into Ted's mouth.

He managed to do it. He repeated my showing off of the load in his mouth and the dramatic gulping, proof that he ingested it all. Once again he opened his mouth showing only the residue of my load. I pulled him up and planted my lips squarely on his. I sucked noisily at his tongue and he groaned. I glanced at Gerri out of the corner of my eye. She was fascinated in a side of Ted she'd never known was there. She didn't look displeased, just surprised. She lowered her head to his cock again and Ted broke our kiss. I was forgotten for the next few minutes as Ted fucked Gerri's mouth. When he came again he collapsed back, sliding off the couch onto the carpet.

Gerri turned to me and she smiled and shook her head. "That was one of the most erotic things I've ever seen! God, it made me wet!" I decided that sounded like an invitation. I moved down so I wwas kneeling on the floor between Ted and the couch. I moved toward Gerri and she smiled as she leaned back, scooting her ass forward to the edge. I put a hand on each of her knees and pushed them wide apart. She let out a big sigh as I began kissing her inner thighs.

I moved closer to her oozing slit, going slow to tease her up that ramp of pleasure. She tangled her fingers in my long hair and tried to pull me into her but I held back. The slight pain of my pulled hair wasn't a bad thing. I'm sort of a mild pain junkie.

I finally relented and sucked in her thick pussy lips. I could smell and taste her earlier companions of the evening. I didn't care. Obviously the thought of tasting another man's deposit didn't bother me. Gerri liked the idea of it though. I rolled my tongue and thrust into her. She groaned and her legs twitched up. I used two fingers to prod her ass hole and she rocked back in response. I slipped the fingers into her and wriggled them around a few times. Then I returned them to her tight back door and began my assault there.

A minute or so later my fingers were sliding in and out of her tightness and she was thrusting down against them. Meanwhile, my lips had latched onto her clit and she was nearing what looked to be a huge orgasm. I redoubled my efforts, increasing the speed of my fingers in her butt. I rhythmically nipped her clit in time with my fingers and seconds later I felt her sphincter clench down and she released a large quantity of juice. Her pussy muscles squeezed my tongue a few times and I lifted my head from her crotch. Her legs were flopped over my shoulders and her eyes were closed.

I gently removed her legs and her eyes fluttered open. "Wow! That was the best orgasm I've had tonight...tonight, hell, it's one of the best 'cums' I've ever had!"

"Why, thank you, Gerri," I said. "Make sure you tell all your friends." She laughed along with me. Ted had recovered and had watched me drive his wife over the top.

"That was hot! Paul, I wonder if you'd like to come over sometime for dinner and...all the rest."

"I'd be honored, Ted. I was just thinking how much fun the three of us could have by ourselves. By the way, man, you suck a mean cock. Congratulations. How do you feel now?"

"I feel...I don't know, liberated, I guess. Yeah, that's about the best way I can describe it."

"I know what you mean. I had a first time, too, remember. We have some great times ahead of us if you keep loosening up. I ran my hand over my hip and ass as I held his eyes meaningfully. He blushed and I smiled. We fell silent then for a few minutes. After a few minutes we agreed we needed more drinks. We left the couch to others and wandered out to the large kitchen. The house belonged to John Feeny, With Tony, he had been one of the original core group from which we'd grown.

John is rich. The house was built to giant specifications. Everything seemed outsized; created for some larger race of humans. We poured and opened and stood around out there while we discussed our next meeting – just the three of us. We reached agreement on the Saturday after next. We returned to the party and Gerri's eyes fell on Serena's mahogany form. Serena is married to Ralph Forman, a very large (in all ways) and very black man who always tried to work his way through the women present. Currently he was plundering the pussy of Wendy Feeny, John's wife. She was grunting and groaning as his thick black hose invaded her tender parts.

"If you'll both excuse me, I think I need a little dessert." Her head inclined toward Serena, who had now noticed us looking her way. Gerri planted a peck on each of our cheeks before she swayed her way across the room. Serena's bright white teeth flashed and she moved one leg to the side and let her fingers stroke the pink gash in her center.

I turned to Ted and looked him over. "Well, I think I'll take off. Tonight was great, Ted. Thank you for everything." I held out my hand. Ted took it and looked into my eyes.

"Paul...it means more than I can tell you...what I -- what we -- did tonight. You shouldn't be thanking me; it's the other way around. I'm already horny for when you and Gerri and I can be alone. Now that I've broken the ice with you, I feel...safe, I guess, letting you really see me. But, like you said, you've 'been here, done this'." He squeezed my hand and only hesitated a second before leaning toward me. We kissed again and I felt a shiver down my back. We leaned apart ans he smiled. "See you a week from Saturday, Paul."

"I'm 'horny for it', too," I admitted. "But right now I have to run. It's getting late." We parted and I went to find my clothes. I dressed and found John in the den with three other men and a woman. They made a cute picture, sitting around the felt covered table naked. They were playing cards. I thanked John for another successful evening and I made my way outside. The night had turned chilly and I hurried to my car.

I have other hobbies in my life, but these parties were the most fun. I drove carefully, because there very well could be ice in some spots. It was that cold. Home safely, I locked the door and went to bed. I played the events of the party as I let sleep overtake me. That night I dreamed of fucking Ted's tight ass while he plunged into Gerri's juicy pussy. Good night.