 We walk, hand in hand, into a party. As soon as we enter, a friend of yours rushes over, "Jessi, Jessi, you have to come see this!" She grabs your hand and pulls you off to go check out whatever has her so excited. I watch you get pulled away, amusement in my smile, and proceed to wander around and mingle. A few minutes later, over the din of the party, I hear your snicker and it instantly catches my attention. I look over and see you, drink in hand with a huge smile across your beautiful face. Your long hair falls over your shoulder, your breasts stand out nicely in a shirt that looks like it was made precisely to fit you and accentuate your heaving bosom. You lean over the counter to look at something that was being pointed out. Your already form fitting jeans tighten over your sexy ass.

Watching you bend over stirs my cauldron of lust, my pants start to feel tighter. You look up, sensing that you are being watched. You don't need to look far, you see me right away and instantly notice the bulge in my pants. You smile your sexy smile. Your eyes flash with an equal amount of lust. We stride across the room to meet each other.

Together at last, the past thirty feet felt like a mile. My arms wrap around you, under yours as you throw your arms around my neck. Our lips press together in a sensual kiss, they part and allow our tongues to explore. My hands travel down and grab your ass and squeeze. The effect is immediately noticeable as your kissing becomes more urgent, more lusty, more sexual.

I reach up to grab your hands and pull them apart. Our fingers intertwine and I lead you away to search for a private room. We find a room, sneak in and lock it. "Finally, I have you all to myself," I say quietly.

"Why would you want something like that," you reply teasingly.

We rush together for another intense kiss that's of equal parts love and lust. The urgency in our kiss is considerable, we can't hold back any longer. We explode out of our clothes and land roughly on the bed. I grab you, flip you onto your back and pin your arms above your head. I kiss you deeply, then brush my lips along your jaw and suck your earlobe into my mouth. Shivers spread throughout your body. My tongue traces a line down your neck that I follow with small bites.

While moving around to kiss the line of your throat, up to your chin, I bring my hands down your arms, along your sides. Sliding up your tummy to grab your tits, my thumbs rub across your nipples before I pinch them and roll them around. I nibble back down your throat, kiss across your chest and place my head between your big tits. I kiss and lick the insides of your bountiful cleavage. I sit up and place my hard cock in between your tits and close them around it. I start pumping my cock back and forth. The head pokes through the top and races toward your mouth. You open wide and stick out your tongue, just waiting for me to enter. I slide up to your mouth and just as I reach your tongue and the tip sits just inside the hole on my cock I pull away.

After a few times this happens, you decide you can't take it anymore. You reach up, run your fingers through my chest hair and suddenly push me onto my back. You get on your knees, grab my cock and greedily shove it into your mouth. I grab your head and pull it down for you to take my cock deeper down your hungry throat. After a minute of your expert cock sucking, I lean forward, grab you by the waist and spin you around, using my cock as the fulcrum, so that I can get to your wet pussy.

Your pussy is directly above my face while your mouth is sliding up and down my rock hard cock. The great smell and the heat is intoxicating. I bring my face in, I lick up your pussy, from clit all the way to your puckered ass. The tip of my tongue dips quickly into your ass and a small whimper escapes from your mouth as your lips are tightly wrapped around my cock. I trail my tongue around the rim of your ass, lick the slit of your pussy again and then quickly sink it all the way into your ass. I pull it out, shove it into your pussy and then replace it back in your tight ass. I bring my hands to pull apart your ass cheeks so I can push my face in more in order to tongue you deeper.

I let go, your cheeks close on my face. I pull my face back a bit, pulling my tongue out of your ass and then stuff my tongue back in. While I am tongue fucking your ass, I slide two fingers into your oh-so-wet pussy. I start alternating the thrusts between my fingers and my tongue. My tongue swirls around inside your ass as my fingers slide out from your hot pussy. Swiftly, I pull my tongue out of your ass and fill it with a finger from my other hand.

While both of your holes are filled with my fingers, I move down and suck your clit into my mouth and grab it between my teeth. I start flicking my tongue around your clit intensifying the sensations from my nibbling. Your pussy begins to tingle and clench around my fingers. You can't take it anymore. You pull my cock out of your mouth and scream as an intense orgasm suddenly hits you. The wave of pleasure rolls over you. Your entire body shakes as you feel a release and your pussy gushes over my face, drenching it. 

We change positions, I have to have your pussy, my cock is aching to spread your lips and plunge into you. You get on your knees, hands against the wall as I get up and ready to slide my cock into you. I slide the head of my cock up and down the crack of your ass, finally settling just inside the lips of your pussy. I reach forward, run my hands up your spine to your shoulders, then scratch back down the entire length of your back and finish by smacking your ass. When you gasp in pleasure, I ram my cock full into you, turning the gasp into a scream of ecstacy.

My left hand goes under you and grabs your tit and starts to squeeze while my other hand manages to wrap itself up in your hair and I continue to pound into you. Your arms go weak as I hammer my cock into you. Your hands begin to slip, you move forward a bit more, putting your forearms on the wall for more support. I'm pulling back with my handful of hair, your head is pulled up a bit and turned to the side so you can try to see me. The pleasure is too intense, your eyes are glued shut, your face is against the wall along with your left shoulder. Every thrust is pushing you harder and harder into the wall. Your right tit is smacking against the headboard, jealous of the left's attention.

Your moaning is increasing and getting louder. We know we should be quiet but we cannot control ourselves. We are lost in the intensity, the pleasure consumes us. 

Your pussy feels so good, tightly wrapped around my cock, clenching. It feels as if it is desperate to coax the cum out. Your pussy is trying to milk my cock, the sensation is amazing, irresistible. I can't keep it in any longer. I thrust full into you, let go of your hair, reach down and grab your tits and pull you up to me. Then I lay your sexy body on the bed, straddle your chest and shove my cock into your mouth. I start fucking your face with my big cock until I shoot my load of hot, sticky cum straight down your throat.

As I pull my cock out of your mouth, we begin to hear clapping. We look around the room and notice that we were so lost in our desire, our desperation for each other, that a good portion of the party somehow snuck in and were watching our entire encounter. They are all around the bed, many of the men have their cocks in hand stroking. A woman in the corner is on her knees voraciously sucking two cocks. There is a woman in a short black skirt standing next to the bed, one leg on the night stand, rocketing two fingers in and out of her pussy. 

We continue to look around the room, stunned at what's happened. Then we look at each other, smile and nod. I lean forward and grab the cock of the nearest guy and start to stroke it at the speed he was stroking. He seems a bit surprised at first but is totally willing as soon as I take his cock into my mouth. Another guy nears the bed, cock pointing the way. I reach up and grab it. You barely get a chance to see me take one cock out of my mouth and switch over to the other before your face is covered with the pussy of the black skirted woman.

You eagerly lap at the sweet smelling, great tasting pussy that's been presented to you. You teach this woman what true pleasure is as your tongue deftly slides in and out of her pussy, around the clit and up to her ass. So hot and excited as she is, she could barely last a minute before her body gets wracked with orgasms. She pulls off of you, panting and laying next to you on the bed. Almost instantly some guy is there stuffing her full of his cock. You look to me, still on my knees, but this time I had both of those cocks in my mouth while stroking a third.

I can feel you looking at me, I twist my head, the cocks come out of my mouth with a pop. I crawl over to you and give you a kiss. The two guys I was sucking approach us from either side. We separate enough so that the cocks are in between us. Together we lick and suck all over the cocks in front of our faces. While we are sucking them off, you are reaching down and stroking my still raging hard dick.

I lie on my back as best I can, my shoulders are at the edge of the bed, I have to keep my head up. You climb on top of my cock and begin riding it as the two guys try to get both of their cocks in your mouth. One guy decides to give your mouth to the other. He gets behind you, spreads my legs and begins to slowly slide his sloppy wet dick into my ass. As he does this, he wets one of his fingers so he can slide it up yours. Now when you slam down on me, you feel my big dick in your pussy with the added feeling of his finger going into your ass.

My whole body is feeling good as I have you riding me and whoever shoving their cock into me. Suddenly some girl's pussy is lowered onto my face, she leans forward and starts sucking and squeezing your tits while my tongue explores her pussy. My tongue licks both of her lips, darts in and out of her pussy, swirls around her clit and just when I go to move it to her ass, a nice looking cock slides up in it and the balls land in my eyes. I push my tongue back into her pussy as far as I can and press my nose up against his cock, giving an added sensation as he rams into her, smacking my face with his great smelling balls. Suddenly, he pulls back to far and his cock slips out and falls into my mouth mid stroke. All the way down my throat it goes, cause me to gag a little. He likes this, and starts alternating her ass and my mouth. 

The guy fucking my ass begins to pump faster and starts grunting. Suddenly he groans real loud and shoves his cock in and holds it in as he shoots into me. Not wanting to miss the opportunity, you jump off of my cock and kneel between my legs and begin to clean the cum out of my just fucked ass. Your tongue is delving into me and scooping out cum while one hand strokes my cock and the woman feeding me her pussy starts to suck on it. Just then you feel an arm wrap around your waist and a cock slide slowly into your pussy.

He starts to fuck you slowly but you won't take it like that. You sit up a bit, keeping your right hand on my cock, and grab him with your left to steady yourself. As soon as you can, you start thrusting your ass into him as hard and fast as you can. He grabs your big tits and starts hammering into your pussy, really working it good. Satisfied that he knows how to fuck you right, you lean back over and help the woman with sucking my cock.

The guy fucking my face is about to cum, I can feel it in his cock and see his balls tense up. He pulls out of my mouth, shoves it into the girls ass, hard, one last time, making her scream out loudly. He backs away, stroking, and then all of us guys lead the three of you women to the center of the room. We are all stroking while we have you three get on your knees. The five of us guys surround and proceed to stroke until we all cum on and paint your faces with load after load of hot, gooey cum. 

After the last of us is done drenching beautiful faces, I get down and start cleaning your face. With my tongue I lick and push all the cum into your sexy, talented mouth. Once it is all in I proceed to kiss you passionately, sharing the cum with you in equal proportions. We continue kissing and swallowing cum until we can no longer taste the flavor. Then you climb on my lap in order to be closer to me, my cock begins to get hard again and you look at me, that gleam in your eyes and I say, "We should go to parties more often."