 My knuckles were white gripping the steering wheel. Lara bounced expectantly in the passenger seat next to me, waiting patiently for my most recent bout of nerves to wear off. We were here; sitting in the parking lot outside of...what exactly? From the outside it looked simply like an upscale spa. Not what I'd imagined for my first "sex party" though I still had no idea what sort of party games were in store. Why was I here again? Oh yes, Lara told had told me in no uncertain terms that "I needed to get laid". I never failed to be amazed at the things she talked me into. 

Lara wore a long button down coat, which looked incredibly, ordinary, from the outside. There was nothing to indicate by looking that the coat and stockings were the only thing on, except for a scrimp of black satin and lace underneath. I was hardly any better; after a trip to Fredericks, and several stores that displayed options I'd not even known existed in "clothing lines", I'd opted for what Lara deemed was the most conservative outfit she would approve. My old wool pea coat, a leftover from a boyfriend of long ago, hid metallic silver spandex, a skirt hardly more than an overly wide belt. It was mimicked by the same overly wide belt that, strapless, barely covered my cleavage and threatened to fall off at any moment. Thankful for once of smaller breasts on my slight frame, I could get away with a strapless top. Standing upright and not moving, I was barely decent, but any degree of bending or walking gave an onlooker a tantalizing view. No stockings or jewelry interrupted the smooth lines of my legs and back. I'd decided that if I was going to do this¸ I wanted to feel every scrap of sensation of the evening. Not even nylon would stand between me and... whatever it was that was coming next. I took a deep breath and met Lara's eyes across the seat. Steeling myself, I grabbed the small overnight bag and got out of the car. She clapped excitedly and bounded out, clasping my arm as I came around the side and leaning her head on my shoulder as we walked towards the door. 

Any last minute attack of nerves was overcome by Lara letting me go and hopping up the steps to push the brass doorbell. My heart jumped into my throat as the door was quickly and silently opened by a handsome man wearing what to my uneducated eyes appeared to be a very expensive suit. 

"Welcome ladies," he said in a voice tinged with a European accent I couldn't identify. "I am Jonathan," he waved his arm to invite us in. 

Lara breezed past me and threw her arms around him, giving him a welcoming kiss on the lips. "Jonathan, it's so good to see you! Thank you for letting me bring a friend, she's been dying to come! You know you're my favorite, host" she drew a finger down the side of his face coyly, having managed to insert herself fully along his body length during that simple hello. 

He met her lips unruffled, bringing her along as he gave me a hug and chaste kiss on the cheek. "Let me get you ladies settled. Bags can go over there," he pointed to a room with a door half open. "But first, let me show you the Room." He escorted us to an elaborate set of doors at the end of the hallway (how did he end up with each of us clinging to an elbow, ushered along like some southern debutantes to their first ball?). He took my nervousness in stride, allowing me to quietly absorb the surroundings. Lara's excitement seemed to reverberate off her skin, growing with each step so that she was practically humming with energy as Jonathan let go of our arms to open to double doors wide for our entrance. Stepping back, he indicated that we precede him through the door. 

I walked into the Room, unsure of what I was expecting, startled by its very normalcy. No whips or chains hung from the ceilings, no sex swings or stripper poles, none of the things my wild imaginings had placed here. Well lit, it was nearly austere; walls pale enough to appear almost white, two long plush couches piled with pillows sat facing kitty-corner surrounding a sturdy oak coffee table. A large skinny table sat to the side, with carved claw feet and medieval carving decorating the trim. A round king size (?? what size was bigger than king?) bed was nestled in the far nook. The wall closest to us had a gas fireplace, and what appeared to be a lavish fur rug stretched in front of it. My fingers itched to bury themselves in the rug, feeling it's softness against my legs... 

Lara took it all in with a glance, and proceeded immediately to a small bar against the wall. Tall fluted champagne glasses were already full and sparkling, lined up in silent waiting. I walked closer to where she stood, inspecting several bottles on a short table next to the bar. Leaning over, I saw a variety of lotions, oils, lubricants, nearly a dozen different shapes and sizes, flavors. The largest pump-bottle was with stuff I was used to, the 'unscented hypoallergenic' that certainly did the trick, but suddenly seemed, boring. Behind the bottles was a small basket with condoms, again in more colors, flavors, sizes (?) than I'd realized existed. Certainly well organized! I thought again to myself. 

Jonathan's movement brought our eyes back to him, and he pointed to the four men I suddenly noticed standing silently in the corners. "Ladies, these are your Guardians for the evening, Rob." They nodded to us in respectful unison. He noticed my puzzled expression and continued easily "Like you, they don't go by their real names, but for the purposes of tonight's entertainment, they are your watchers, and your protectors, should you feel the need. Instead of trying to have you remember each name, if you speak with, or ask for, 'Rob,' that will be a person who's watching, and who will assist you if necessary." His mouth quirked in a smile, "They will also be the only ones in the room wearing a suit. However, I assure you that no such protection should be necessary. Tonight is a night of mutual pleasure, and shared enjoyment." He bowed slightly to us. "Now, if you'll come this way so we may finish preparations?" He indicated a small side door, which led to a dressing room where our bags already sat on the chair.

Lara quickly checked her makeup, and knocked on the door. Jonathan opened it immediately, and she smiled back at me, satisfied that if my nervousness wasn't exactly behind me yet, I'd come too far enough along to panic and flee now. "You catch up soon honey. I'm going to head in first, you'll be second. We'll get the front row view of everyone that comes in." With that, she winked and ducked out the door, leaving me alone with Jonathan.

"I'm glad you decided to join us this evening. Our efforts are simply to allow your pleasure; you don't have to do anything here that you're not completely comfortable with." His candid and open demeanor helped relax some of the tension that had been building in my shoulders. He held up a small ribbon with a tiny LED light on it, and draped it over my head, fixing my hair and letting it ripple across my shoulders, making me shiver. "This is just in case you change your mind, press it and you will be escorted out immediately; but I think we would all miss your company. Any last minute questions?" He looked at me expectantly. 

My pulse quickened. I stammered in a panic "uh... how do I know that those guys in there are, you know, safe?" 

He smiled serenely at me. "You had your last physical with Dr. Cretz back in September, you have been on the birth control Yasmin for the last two years, and have never had a STD or contracted any condition that would require reporting to the CDC." I was stunned. He clucked at me "No, I'm not going to tell you how I know that, nor will I share any such details about you, or any of my other guests you choose to spend time with. My role here is that of host, to ensure that you and your companions are safe to enjoy all of your pleasures this evening." Oddly, I was comforted by this stranger's intimate knowledge. This man I'd never met who'd looked into my private affairs, and those of others, so I would be a "safer guest"; this man who smelled faintly of cinnamon and was now stepping closer. He leaned forward, his body stopping merely inches from mine. I could feel the heat radiating from him as he brought his lips to my ear. 

"Turn around" he whispered. Mutely, I complied. He raised my hair once again, and I felt a warm, moist pressure on the nape of my neck. "This is your key for the evening, affixed with strawberry flavored glue" he breathed against my neck, raising chills down my back. "It's up to you when, or how, you share your key, and when, or how, you acquire a key of your own tonight. But one of the keys out there will unlock a present. You decide how you play the game. But like most games - it's no fun if you don't play." I felt his body press against mine as he dropped my hair over my shoulder, his lips landing hotly on my shoulder. I leaned against his weight, tilting my head back onto his shoulder as his lips moved up my neck. His arms snaked around my waist, crisscrossing my stomach then upwards to cup my breasts lightly. His fingers tightened over my nipples, which must have been clearly visible through the thin material. I pressed my body backwards against his, trying to feel if he was reacting to me. Instead he stepped backwards, sliding his hands to my waist, and drew me forwards. "Another night perhaps, my dear. Tonight is for you to enjoy your pleasure with my guests, whom I've selected specifically to complement your desires. I hope you enjoy their company as much as I know they'll enjoy yours." With that, he opened the door to the Room, and backed up, leaving the dressing room through a back door. 

I stepped forward into blackness. 

Though I'd been in this very room mere minutes prior, it seemed an alien landscape. Completely darkened except for tiny LED rope lights affixed to the corners of the ceiling, I could barely make out the silhouettes of the furniture, and couldn't see anyone standing in the corners, though I knew they were there. There was a faint red light in the corner over the bar, reflecting on the champagne glasses. On the opposite side of the bar, a single blue light shown down from the ceiling, a beam centered on what appeared to be a small pedestal I could have sworn wasn't there before. Movement caught my eye and I heard Lara call softly. I approached the sound of her voice and found her standing next to the pedestal, cast fully in shadows. Her perfume crept across the air to me. 

"Look!" she whispered in awe. It was in truth, a pedestal, with a flat glass box on top, the kind you'd see in a museum. Nestled in blue felt was a necklace set in white gold that had been melted in the form similar to a ying-yang; only on closer inspection could you tell it was two semi-distinct forms completing a sixty-nine, creating the setting for a large teardrop diamond which sparkled in the dim light. Lara reached forward and touched the tiny lock set in the glass, waiting for a key. 

Behind us, the door slid open and heels clicked across the doorframe before sinking into the plush carpet. "Am I the first one here?" called a woman's voice. 

"Come see what Jonathan's got for us tonight!" called Lara to our new arrival. 

A blond bombshell emerged from the darkness to the edge of the light where I could just make out more than her shadow. She wore an actual dress¸ created of flaming red lace, sheer enough that I could make out the tiny freckle just above her left nipple and short enough to give the appearance that her long legs went on for miles. Like us, she had eyes first for the necklace, but then turned to Lara appreciatively. "Welcome back sexy!" She fell into Lara's arms, running one hand across the front of her teddy and winding another into her hair. "We missed you last month!" She tilted her head up and they exchanged a kiss, curling around each other briefly. 

Lara came up for air first, turning to introduce me: "This is my friend, Katerine" (the pseudonym for me we'd agreed on ahead of time; according to Lara, "Katerine" meant 'pure' in some archaic German language, which we'd found both found hysterical at the time). "Katerine, this is Amanda". Without pausing, Amanda seamlessly transferred from Lara to me, curling her arm up my back and drawing her ankle up my leg. 

"Well hello to you, Sugar" she purred into my ear. I wasn't sure how to react to this warm affectionate creature now clinging to my side. Her skin felt like liquid satin and she smelled, good. She nuzzled my neck and gently licked behind my ear, breathing quietly "maybe I'll be the one later to find your key, Sugar." 

I was saved from any response as we both turned at the sound of the next arrival. This was two women at once, obviously arrived together. Amanda couldn't possibly have known who they were, but she bounded towards them regardless and they collided in a flurry of giggling limbs and tossing hair. Over a small chorus of "ooohs" and "mmms", another shadow arrived on their heels, a slight woman who was wearing something, shiny; sequins reflecting and shimmering as she crossed the room. "The men are next" she announced to the room. 

This was apparently a cue, as the women immediately arranged themselves in various poses throughout the room. Knowing they couldn't yet be seen, they positioned to have a view of the newcomers. My panic briefly returned, and I started to feel a warm hand on the back of my thigh. "Relax" whispered Lara into my ear "we're all just here for a bit of fun, you included!" 

My senses focused on the door, I could tell when the door got blocked by a figure entering, but that was about it. One, two, three, tall, broad.. five. Five men entered the room. My eyes strained to make out more information, but I felt myself being led over to the champagne with Lara. This seemed a common meeting point; I heard glass clinking ahead of me. Sadly, I misjudged the darkness, careening off the corner of a couch and stumbling. Halfway to the floor I found myself caught and smoothly rotated into strong arms that held me in a backwards dip. I looked up, attempting to meet the eyes of my savior and became overwhelmed by masculine nearness, underlined by the scent of Drakkar Noir, my favorite. 

"A kiss for a rescuer?" He asked quietly. My breath caught and my throat dried up, preventing me from speaking. "Ah, perhaps later then" his deep voice held only a touch of disappointment, more of a promise. He righted me easily, and somehow both his hands were on my ass, his palms pushing me gently towards Lara and the champagne His fingers were long enough that they caressed the skin on the back of my thighs below the fabric. I turned to look over my shoulder, but he'd melted back into the shadows.  

I returned to the champagne, but Lara was already gone, so I sipped quietly, listening to the sounds around me, some kissing noises, quiet whispers, an occasional soft moan in the darkness. The temperature of the room seemed to be rising rapidly. A finger trailed down my back and I shivered, hearing a deep approving "mmm" behind me. Turning, I could make out a guy about my height, stocky and broad, who was already stepping closer. "So baby, do you wanna do it on the couch?" He asked bluntly. 

"Excuse me?" I replied, stepping back. He caught my wrist as I went to pull away. 

"That's what we're here for, right? Do you want to be on top, or would you like it if I bent you over the couch? Maybe you'd prefer I stick it in your ass? Don't worry, I can be very accommodating." 

His matter-of-factness was just enough to keep me from pressing my little red light. He wasn't trying to intimidate, simply ask the question of exactly where and how I would prefer to fuck him, right now. Despite the swirl of mental images his offer sent pinging through my head and the pinpricks of sensitivity I suddenly had from head to toe, this was going too fast. 

"I think I'll just start with some champagne" I replied tentatively, waiting for the rejection backlash common from the bar scene I was used to.

To my surprise, I depicted the shadow of a negligent shrug. "Alright baby, I'd have liked to have gotten to you first, but maybe later if you change your mind" he replied in the same matter of fact tone. With that, he turned, and rejoined the darkness, where from the sounds of it he was met far more enthusiastically by the pair of women who'd entered together. I heard one of them as "Hey Dan, are you lonely?" as they converged on him. 

Though Dan had gone, the images he'd inserted into my mind lingered after him. Riding on top of masculine flesh, feeling the fur rug beneath my knees, grasping the back of the couch as I felt myself impaled from behind, rocking back and forth, I felt my legs squirming as I stood there sipping my drink, the nervous tension from before hadn't disappeared, it had transformed into a new kind of tension, a heat that centered between my legs, drawing a direct line from my rapidly dampening groin to my nipples that were stiff under the scrap of fabric that confined them. 

Momentarily adrift, I was glad to hear Lara's soft whisper as she grabbed my hand "Come here honey, I need your opinion." She led me over to one of the couches, I stepped carefully over pillows as we got closer, worried that there may be someone ensconced in them on the floor. Her fingers still clasped in mine, they landed on an ankle. Running our hands up the clearly masculine leg, it was obvious he was nude, but our combined fingers did nothing more than tease him all the way up, across his abdomen, chest. I felt the goosebumps we raised across his skin, despite the heat emanating from his body. He lay on his back, and Lara straddled his hips, letting his hard cock rest against the front of her body, but she ignored him and looked up at me. "Which do you prefer, the strawberry, or the coconut?" she asked me. By way of explaining, she leaned forward across his body, her hair draping across his chest, and she licked one of his flat nipples after the other. He remained silent, but bucked against her hips as her mouth met his flesh.   

Tempted, I dropped to my knees in front of the couch. Dipping my head across his chest, I tentatively flicked his right nipple with my tongue, tasting strawberry. His breath quickened slightly. Encouraged, I sucked it into my mouth, grazing it lightly with my teeth. I was rewarded by a tightening of his muscles under my hand. Satisfied, I shifted my attentions to the left nipple, licking it more eagerly and sucking a bit harder this time; coconut. His arm had slid off the couch and curled between my legs. I widened my stance on my knees, pulling on one nipple with my fingers and licking, sucking on the other one with increasing speed. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Lara rocking her pelvis against him, wrapping her fingers around with one hand and fondling her breasts with the other. His fingers were now rubbing against my tender flesh, becoming drenched by the moisture they found there. His other arm had found Lara, guiding the motions of her hips in time with the rhythm of her hands. She raised up on her knees, letting him rub against her hot opening; his fingers mimicked the action my wet slit, tempting, teasing, not entering. I continued my assault on his nipples, rocking myself against his hand. After what seemed an eternity, Lara impaled herself on his shaft, sliding wetly down his length. At the same time, I felt his fingers press inside of me, filling me. "Ahh......" we all said in unison. 

He spoke for the first time. "Does the coconut taste the same on her as it does on me?" He asked me through broken breath. I looked up and realized that Lara had leaned forward enough to brace herself against his chest with her arm, her fingers caressing his nipples. Her exposed breasts shone with oil in the semi-darkness. Her eyes were rapidly assuming a glazed look as she rode him faster, harder. His hands continued to match her pace, fucking me with his fingers, deeper, faster. One of his hands reached up to grasp her breast, pinching the nipple and pulling on it gently; she moaned. Tempted, I reached up and grasped the other one, doing the same, feeling her nipple tighten under my fingers, and was rewarded by a similar moan. Drawn by her response, a brought my mouth up and replaced my fingers with my lips, tasking coconut and woman's flesh. "Oh yeah" she moaned. It felt different than a man's, plumper under my tongue, as if by sucking on her nipples I could feel the answering tingle in my own. As if by request, his head leaned towards me and he took my breast in his mouth, sucking on my nipple through the material. I rocked against his hands and Lara pumped his cock from above. We moved in a spiraling unison, breath harsh against the darkness, sweat prickling our skin. Lara came first, a long drawn out moan as she shuddered above him. She apparently triggered him, his body arched on the couch and he groaned, his fingers spasming inside me, I heard myself whimpering in response. Lara and I collapsed in a heap against his chest, our hair splayed across his body as we listened to his still pounding heartbeat. 
