 TO THE READER: This is a rather large story, so to help out those of you who might not be able to read it in one sitting, I have divided it into five subchapters. Hope that helps.

PRELUDE: Hooking Up Isn't So Easy.

The night was even duller than expected. Kendra had been invited to a "get together", words carefully chosen so as not to confuse the event with a "party". Most people on the guest list, including the host, Ben, were complete strangers to Kendra. The only real exception was Ed, a guy who Kendra knew only too well. He had cheated on her with seven different women over the course of two months.

It was his presence that made Kendra decide that she should bring a friend to make sure Ed kept his distance, and, in case she had one too many beers, make sure Kendra kept hers. Penny, Kendra's 18 year old little sister, was only too happy to help out. It meant that Penny had to spend a Friday night staying sober with a bunch of drunken strangers, but that's what sisters are for.

Penny wasn't even sure why Kendra wanted to go in the first place. She knew Kendra hadn't been laid in a couple weeks, but if that's what she was after, she didn't need to attend some lame party to find a date. At 28, Kendra was energetic in her manner and youthful in her appearance. She had beautiful features abound, including a full, dark tan, shapely hips, and large d-size breasts. She had long, black hair and penetrating brown eyes. Wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and heels, she looked casual but sexy.

Penny shared a similar body type, as both girls carried a little extra weight, but in all the right spots. Penny's d-cup breasts were soft and firm at the same time, their abundant cleavage showing off from the low-cut neck of her shirt. Her ass was perfectly round, and it was a mouth-watering sight to see her mini-skirt hugging it so tightly. Penny had deep blue eyes, long blonde hair, and her face very closely resembled Kendra's. Her skin was much lighter, and she was a bit shorter than her sister, but they could each turn the same number of heads.

They had arrived late, so by the time the two young women stepped in the door, the people Kendra knew had already come and left. The guests that remained had grown comfortable in their little cliques. The guys were too drunk to make intelligent conversation, and the girls were busy marking their territories with targeted flirting. It seemed as though pretty much everyone was already hooked up for the evening. Kendra found a couple acquaintances to chat with, but Penny was bored before she even found a seat to plant herself in.

About half an hour later, Penny broke off the conversation she'd been having with some idiot who could barely stay awake, and went off in search of Kendra. She hadn't seen her in a while, and that worried her, because Kendra was not too good at handling her liquor. Penny found her on the back porch, standing just inches away from a guy who had his hands on her hips. They were only talking, but they couldn't have been much closer. Penny didn't have to see his face to know it was Ed.

"What are you doing?" Penny exclaimed, grabbing Kendra by the wrist and whipping her around. "Is that him?" She wanted to swing around and punch that fucking Ed right in the nose, but Kendra interrupted the moment.

"I know, I know, it looks bad," Kendra said, whispering. Not that Ed could hear over the loud music resonating from in the house.

"It is bad," Penny shot back. She led her sister back into the house, away from Ed. "You're not thinking of hooking up with him again, are you?"

Kendra hesitated. "I don't know. I mean, he's been apologizing for everything, and he sounds really sincere. He said his last girlfriend cheated on him, and so now he knows what it feels like. He really feels awful about the whole thing."

"So did you!" Penny replied. "Remember?"

Kendra sighed. "Look. He can't hurt me again. I won't let it happen. I just want to—"

"All right." Penny stepped back and folded her arms across her chest. "If you're so convinced, let me test him."

"What?"

"Let me test him, like we did with Gavin. A hundred bucks says he doesn't last two minutes."

The test she was referring to involved Kendra's attempted seduction of Penny's boyfriend, Gavin. Kendra had given Gavin a very intense lap dance while Penny was away one evening, pleading with him to go further. But Gavin held strong, proving that he would not fool around behind Penny's back.

"No way," said Kendra. "You're biased. You'd cheat to make sure he lost. Besides, it's not fair. He's drunk."

Penny laughed, but she wasn't smiling. "Oh, so it's acceptable if he cheats on you when he's drunk? What are you going to do? Keep him sober through your whole relationship?"

"I'm not going to get in a relationship, Penny. I just wanna fuck—"

"You can! Just not with him. Don't give him the satisfaction."

Penny could see she wasn't getting anywhere. Kendra was silent, thinking, but it seemed like her thoughts were less on whether or not she should go back to Ed, and more on how to get Penny off her back about it.

"Just let me test him," Penny pleaded. "I swear I won't cheat. I gave up my whole night for this exact problem. And now you're not listening to my words, so let me try some action. Five minutes."

Penny didn't wait for Kendra to respond. She just grabbed her sister by the shoulders and shoved her into the next room, where the majority of the people were still hanging out. Then she went back towards the porch. Penny looked herself over to make sure she looked good. Making sure no one was looking, Penny slipped her panties down and off, then stuffed them in her purse. Then, after a final thought, she slapped herself hard the face and stormed out the door onto the porch.

"That fucking bitch!" Penny snarled as she approached Ed. 

She had forgotten how handsome he was. He was tall and well built, with a thick head of blond hair and captivating green eyes. He didn't at all look like the monster Penny knew he was. Before, it was his cocky smile that had always given him away, but now even that was gone, replaced with a frown expressing what looked like genuine concern.

"I just wanted to tell you I'm through with this," Penny screamed at him. "I'm not protecting her anymore. If Kendra wants to keep fucking all these pieces of shit, that's her problem."

"Whoa, whoa, Penny," Ed said in that deep, calm voice of his. "What are you talking about? And what happened to your face?"

Penny's cheek was turning bright red where she had hit herself. Perfect, she thought.

"She hit me!" Penny lied. "I told her she was a dumb cunt for believing your bullshit. So she hit me and left."

"All this happened because of me?"

"No, it happened because of the dozen other girls you banged."

"It wasn't a dozen," Ed replied. "It was like seven, or eight...But I'm not like that anymore. I've grown up. Did Kendra tell you--"

"That you got cheated on, too? Well, boo-hoo. It's called poetic justice. But that doesn't make what you did okay."

Penny stepped closer to him, moving in until she was almost touching him. She looked up to him and whispered angrily.

"And you know what really pisses me off about that whole thing? All those girls—Diane, Liz, Kate—they were all butt-fucking ugly."

"Hey," Ed snapped. "That's uncalled for."

"You cheat with all those ugly girls," Penny continued, ignoring him and yelling again. "Some of them were Kendra's friends, even, and yet you never hit on me once."

Penny could see by the look in his eye that Ed was floored that she had just said that.

"You—you wanted me to?"

"You're hot, Ed. You know it. So does Kendra. So do I. You could have had me whenever you wanted," and Penny grabbed his crotch, cupping his balls. They felt huge and heavy. Ed gave a little moan, then Penny let him go and turned away. "But you chose to get blowjobs from that loud-mouth Gloria."

Ed was silent for a moment, trying to find the words. "Penny, you were seventeen back then."

Penny turned her head slightly to look at him. She spoke in a calm, curious voice. "Is that all that stopped you?"

"Well, that and the fact that I didn't think you could keep a secret."

Penny turned to face him fully. She licked her lips, but tried not to make it too obvious.

"And what about now?"

Ed wasn't taking the bait. He smiled and stepped back, shaking his head. "Wait. You hate me. You hate me worse than Kendra does."

"Because you never gave me a chance. Kendra had you. All those other girls had you. But I'm prettier than them all, and you ignored me like I was some fat little choir boy."

Penny grabbed at his crotch again, this time feeling his cock swelling to life. It was already quite large. Kendra had said Ed's was the biggest cock she had ever had. It made fucking him worth the trouble. As much as she hated this guy, Penny had to admit that feeling his dick grow under her hand was making her wet.

"Kendra told me what you've got down here. Any girl would love to have it. But you'd rather share it with some two-bit sluts than give me a taste. And that's why I fucking hate you."

And then Penny turned and started for the door.

"Wait!" Ed called back.

Penny stopped and smiled a big, devious smile. She had won. Now she just needed some proof. She turned back around, surprised to find Ed right there behind her.

"You really want to see it?"

Her answer should have been part of the charade, but Penny was finding herself genuinely curious about how large of a dick this guy really had.

She nodded and he led her to the back of the porch, were they sat together on a bench. He thrust his hips out and pulled back his shirt.

"I'll let you do the honors," he smirked. And with it was that cocky smile Penny had been looking for.

She unzipped his pants and reached inside, then grabbed his huge, hot dick and pulled it out into view. It felt so nice in her hand as it continued to grow to its full length. Penny had to remind herself that this was not her treat, and that she couldn't give in. She hated herself for wanting to go down on this guy, but she couldn't deny that he had a great dick. Regretfully, she let him go, not wanting to cheat on the test by too much direct stimulation.

"Is it all you thought'd be?"

Penny spread her legs, took his hand, and guided it beneath her skirt so he could feel her wet, naked pussy.

"What does that tell you?"

He moaned, gently rubbing her lips. "You gonna taste it?"

"Later," she replied. "First, I want to see you jerk it off.

She got off the bench and squatted in front of him, putting her face just inches from his now fully erect cock. He grabbed it firmly with one hand and began jerking it up and down in a slow, rhythmic motion. God, it looked good, Penny thought, and she licked her lips, then dropped her hand between her legs and fingered her clit. Out of the corner of her eye, she glanced at his watch. Her five minutes were up.

"Go faster," she ordered.

"Okay," Ed said, but I need some lube or something."

Penny wasted no time. She raised her head over his cock and released a long stream of saliva onto the tip. Ed moaned loudly as he ran his fist over the spit and smeared it over the entire length of his hot member.

"Oh, God," he gasped. "Show me your tits."

"Oh," Penny teased, leaning back and unbuttoning her shirt. "So you want to see Kendra's little sister's tits?"

"Fuck yes!"

Penny threw her shirt open, revealing a beautiful set of large, milky white breasts in a black bra. She pulled the cups down to show off herself completely.

"Then you better cum on them real quick. I'll be very offended if you don't cum on these tits in ten seconds. Ten..."

Ed pumped furiously, gritting his teeth and staring at Penny's gorgeous chest. His fist made a wet, squishing sound as it pounded against his slippery, hard cock. Penny continued counting down as she watched him. Ed would never know, but resisting the desire to take that dick in her mouth was one of the most difficult things Penny had ever had to do. She closed her eyes so she wouldn't be tempted, but continued to finger herself. When she got to "three", she opened her eyes again, not wanting to miss seeing the orgasm she knew was coming.

"Two," she said, almost out of breath. "One!"

"Oh my God! Oh my fucking God!" Ed screamed out and threw his head back for an instant, then looked back down to make sure he didn't miss seeing his cum spray all over Penny's breasts.

At the exact moment that the first string of seed shot from his dick, Kendra walked through the door and onto the porch.

Neither Penny nor Ed knew. They were too busy watching as the big cock spit load after load of hot white jizz all over Penny's tits. It dripped off her nipples and ran down her cleavage towards her stomach. One shot hit her neck, and she gasped. She knew she couldn't try to make it happen, but if one of those strings of sperm had landed in her mouth, she would have considered herself very lucky. Unfortunately, the cum never got above her neck, not that there would have been time to enjoy otherwise. Kendra was making her presence known.

"You fucking pig!" she screamed, stealing Ed's attention away from Penny's cum-covered tits. "I ought to rip your nuts off right now! I can't believe I ever considered fucking you again."

He smiled with that big, cocky smile of his. "I don't care. I got the better-looking sister begging for it, anyway. Isn't that right, little Penny?"

He looked down just in time to see Penny's "little" fist coming at his face with lightening speed. 

And then everything went black.

THE REAL PARTY BEGINS

Ed had been dragged into his car and driven home by a young woman named Sandy--the woman many people were surprised to find out was his date to the party. The excitement over what had happened to him was finally dying down, despite the fact that nobody had a clear idea what had happened. The most they had put together was that he had made a move on the wrong girl, and the wrong girl packed one hell of a right hook. The funny thing was, everyone thought Kendra had been the assailant, which was fine with her.

Kendra and Penny were in the bathroom talking as Penny washed the last of Ed's cum off her chest. Penny had sped in here before anyone had spotted her, so she was saved the embarrassment of being caught with her shirt off.

Kendra frowned and sighed. "You know, I checked around. He really did have a girlfriend that cheated on him. I guess some guys just never learn."

"Hopefully you did," Penny said. "Cause my hand hurts like hell."

"Thanks for that, by the way." Kendra smiled. "But now that you've seen him, you can understand where I was coming from, right?"

Penny hesitated, but finally gave in. "Yeah. I get it. What's so sick is that, even though I wanted to just kill the bastard the whole time, seeing that dick of his was still making me hot."

"And it feels even better. I know it's a poor excuse, but the last few guys I've been with haven't added up to much, and, well, after seeing Gavin's big dick, I've really been craving something to fill me up. I saw Ed as a guarantee, I guess."

"But you can get a guarantee anywhere," Penny said. "Like this party. These guys might be a little boring, but that's because they're not stimulated enough. I bet we could turn this place upside down."

"What do you mean?" Kendra asked.

"Well...you have to admit, if you ever going to have a gangbang, this would be a great opportunity. Most of the guys are hot and single, you don't know any of them, and the women out there are boring as hell. If we told those guys they could all have fun with us, but they had to send those drunken bitches packing first, you know they'd do it in a heartbeat."

The mere thought of a gangbang made Kendra's stomach flutter.

"I don't know if I'm ready for a gangbang. I mean, there's like a dozen guys out there. That's a lot of dick!" She laughed.

"How about this," Penny said, buttoning her shirt back up. "We split them up. I'll take the guys first—tease them a little, size them up—and I'll send you the picks of the litter."

"Wait. You're gonna fuck them all first, then send me the leftovers?"

"No, I won't fuck them. I want Gavin to be a part of my first real gangbang. I just want to play with these guys. How many do you think you can handle?"

"I don't know," Kendra said, in disbelief that she was actually considering this. She had had two guys at once before, and even did a strictly-straight couples thing, but a full out gangbang with a bunch of strangers was something else altogether. Her pussy was tingling, and she knew this was too crazy to resist. "How about...six?"

They put their plan into action immediately. Kendra disappeared upstairs, where she anxiously waited in the master bedroom. Penny, meanwhile, went from guy to guy, whispering that she and "her friend" were planning a gangbang tonight for all the guys. All they had to do was be present, and get the other women out of there.

Never before in history had a group of straight, horny men dispatched so many sexy, willing women so quickly. Penny giggled to herself as she listened to their excuses. "I've got to get up early." "I think I'm coming down with something." "Did I tell you I'm married?" One guy pretended to be sick and fake vomited in the bathroom. Another guy acted like he was fast asleep, snores and all. It was less than twenty-minutes before the last skirt was out the door.

On shaky legs, Penny stood in front of the twelve horny men. They were all at least good-looking, and several of them were downright hot. She saw attractive faces, firm bodies, and from the bulges in their pants, she could tell that choosing who her sister would get to fuck was going to be a very enjoyable job.

"I just kicked out a girl who can tie cherry stems into knots with just her tongue," said Ben, the tallest guy and the host of the party. "So you better not be fooling around, here."

"No fooling," Penny replied with a smile, trying to appear cool and confident. "Here's how it works. My friend upstairs is looking for some very specific dick."

That sentence alone elicited a roar of hoots, hollers and applause from the anxious men.

"I know the kind of dick she needs, so I'm playing the buffer. I want to see you guys at your best, and if you're one of the lucky six, I'll send you up stairs."

"Six?" one of the guys exclaimed. "So six of us go up there to fuck her, and the rest of us? We stay down here and fuck you?"

Penny smiled and shook her head. "Sorry. I'm not fucking any of you."

The guys groaned as one and began cursing, wishing they hadn't just kicked out all that pussy.

"But," Penny interrupted them. "I promise I'll do everything else to make it worth your while."

That got them going again, and their shouts made it clear that they were ready for the party to begin.

Penny started things off by doing a slow, sexy dance as she peeled off her clothes one layer at a time. First came her shoes, then her shirt, skirt, and finally her bra. The guys roared as her huge tits spilled into view. Many of them were already joining her, taking off their own clothes to reveal well-toned bodies and raging hard-ons. None of them were shy, and they quickly surrounded Penny, grabbing at whatever part of her naked body they could get their hands on. Soon they were all naked, flaunting themselves and stroking their cocks to life.

Penny felt like a goddess. All those hands running across her skin, all those eyes ogling her body, all those dicks aching to be touched. Part of her wanted to just fall back and let them do to her whatever they wanted, but she had a job to do.

"All right," she called out. "Everyone form a circle around me."

The men did as instructed, laughing and cheering the whole time. The twelve of them circled her. Twelve big, hard dicks were pointing right at her.
