 John watched his buddy Dan maneuver his way through the crowded living room and up towards his dream girl, Amy Mitchell. John was happy that Dan had finally worked up enough courage to at least talk to Amy, whom he had lusted over for nearly three years of high school. 

John glanced around at the crowd of teenagers attending Samantha Mathers' party and grinned. 'So many hot girls,' he thought to himself. 'Even if I don't hook up tonight, which I probably won't, me being here alone is enough to get me laid for years from the girls outside this high-standing clique.' John spent the next hour or so, walking around Samantha's beautiful house, being ignored by everyone there, the cream-of-the-crop of Limestoneville High. People were dancing, drinking, and making out all over the place. At one point, John entered the upstairs bathroom only to be shooed away by a couple fucking on the toilet. 

John sighed and resumed his pointless explorations. He knew he wasn't a bad-looking guy. He was 5'8" about 145, with short black hair and green eyes. In fact, he thought he was damn attractive. Except Limestoneville High was a school built on social status, and John had none. I mean, his parents did well for themselves, although certainly not as well as Samantha's parents did. John's father was an Insurance salesman and his mother an elementary school teacher. 

They were good, honest, hardworking middle-class people, which made John a good, honest, hardworking middle-class nothing in this school. It seemed that everyone's parents were rich, well at least all of the popular kids' parents were rich. So, John had been put in the lower school social bracket and had never experienced a party like tonight. 'Thank God Dan is a Math whiz, or we'd both be home tonight doing nothing,' Dan thought with a smile. Like he had thought earlier, just being here increased his own status. 

John eventually made his way to the kitchen where a group of girls were seated around the large table, beers and other drinks in their hands, all laughing away at something. Dead silence came over them when John walked into the room. All eyes were upon him, staring at the insolence of this 'boy' who interrupted their fun. John stared back, feeling very self-conscious. He knew all the girls at the table from school, but did not actually 'know' them. Tonya Wilson, Lexi Prescott, Adrianna Morning, and the others had been the images John had masturbated to since he could. But the beauty at the head of the table was someone John had two feelings for...hatred and lust.

Samantha Mathers was simply gorgeous on the outside. She was 5'6" with a nice 110 frame that accented her large C-cup breasts perfectly. She had a tight ass that John drooled over and shoulder length, very curly strawberry blonde hair. She also had a great pair of hazel colored eyes, that usually closed to slits of disgust when John or another "low-class student" walked by. Samantha had been the Junior Prom Queen and at the Senior Prom last week, she had become Prom Queen once more. She never gave John the time of day, ever in the all the years they had grown up together, yet John had wanted to fuck her since he knew what fucking was.

"So," Samantha said, her eyes glaring at John for an instant, then tuning back towards her friends at the table. "Let's finish this game. I believe it was your turn Lexi." Lexi, a tall and statuesque brunette, also turned her gaze from John and grinned widely. "Ok, this the last time everyone. If I get this quarter into the glass, I am the champion and someone will become by slave!" Lexi let out a giddy, drunken laugh, soon followed by the other girls present. Lexi bounced the quarter on the wooden table, sending it spinning through the air. It clinked onto the edge of the shot glass, and then tumbled into it. 

"YES!" Lexi cried, jumping out of her seat in triumph. All the girls let out a groan of disappointment, knowing that Lexi was ruthless when playing "Slave quarters." She had a reputation of making them do the most embarrassing things, like the time she made Adrianna finger herself to orgasm on the table in front of the group. Lexi looked around at all the faces at the table, the girls trying to avert their gaze from Lexi. Finally, Lexi focused her stare at one girl in particular and spoke. "Samantha," she said, in a tone on complete seriousness. Samantha looked up and groaned to herself. 

"Since you stole away my Prom Queen crown," Lexi continued, "Now, I will make you pay." All the girls now cheered, since they knew one of them would not be subject to total embarrassment at the hands of Lexi. "Hmm," Lexi thought, cupping her chin and staring directly at Samantha's face. "What shall I force you to do? Something totally embarrassing, setting a new standard for our game." Lexi turned and looked around the room for something, anything to be used to embarrass her friend. Then her eyes settled on John.

John had stuck around to catch all of the transpiring events, and when Lexi's eyes met his, he felt sick to his stomach. 'Oh no,' John thought. 'Please don't make a fool of me, you bitch.'

Lexi grinned and turned and evil stare back at Samantha. "I have it...I have it...I have it," she repeated, laughing. "Samantha, as my slave you will fuck this dork standing over here."

Everyone let out a loud gasp, John and Samantha gasped the loudest. "Now, wait just a..." Samantha started, getting up from her seat. Lexi held her hand up for silence. "Enough Samantha. You knew the rules of the game and as my slave you must commit one act ordered by me. Thus, my act is to make you fuck this limp-dicked loser over here."

"Hey!" John shouted! "My dick is not limp!" Samantha lowered her head in defeat, then decided to make the most of it. "Ok, I'll do it, Lexi!" She shouted, making everyone stare in shock. "So, stud," she said to John, "Want to fuck the Prom Queen?"

John was speechless as Samantha brushed her hand across his crotch, making his cock jump to attention. "Hey," Adrianna spoke up. "How are we to know she actually fucked this kid?" Lexi grinned and simply stated, "Don't worry, I'll find out for sure." Lexi continued, "Upstairs you two and get to work!"

All the girls started hooting and hollering as Samantha led John upstairs to her bedroom. 'Christ,' John thought as he followed Samantha upstairs, watching her ass wiggle in her black dress as she led him to her room. 'I can't believe this is happening! What the Hell is going on here!' John kept repeating that thought over and over again, until Samantha opened the door to her room.

Samantha's room was large, and beautifully decorated in pinks and whites. She had a large, very comfortable looking bed in the center, covered in sheets that John thought looked like silk. "So, whomever you are, let's get this over with," Samantha frowned leading John over to the bed. 

"Uhmm, my name is John. We went to school together since we were 5. You had my mom as a teacher in the fifth grade with me." 

Samantha shrugged her shoulders in disregard. "Whatever," was all she said. 

John was so tempted to just get up and leave. 'Why am I doing this?' he thought. 'This bitch hates me, doesn't want me, doesn't even know me. Why the Hell am I still here?' Then Samantha began to take off his pants and John knew why he was still there. 'Because I've wanted to fuck the shit out of this snot-nosed bitch for years. Now, I am gonna finally score one for guys like me, even if no one will ever know about it. I will know about it and Samantha-fuckin-Mathers is gonna know about it!'

Samantha was seated at the edge of her bed, her silky black dress was riding high in her thighs, revealing slim, milky white flesh. John looked down and found he could see clear down her dress, his cock becoming instantly hard at the sight of Samantha's large breasts hanging freely beneath the thin fabric of her dress. "Look," Samantha was saying, as she unzipped John's pants. "I don't want to be here, but to save face, I have to. So, this is how it's gonna be done. You just fuck me hard and fast and get it over with. I'm not even taking my dress off for this shit. I have no underwear on, I thought I would be getting some from my boyfriend tonight, so let's not waste anytime disrobing completely. And, when you cum, do it those tissues over there, not a drop on me!" Samantha began to pull John's pants and boxers off his legs, continuing her lecture, when John's large, 10" hard cock flopped out, hitting Samantha on the head. 

Looking up, Samantha's eyes widened to silver dollars as she saw this giant cock before her. "Holy shit," was all she could muster, and right there, right then, John knew she was his tonight. John wrapped his hand around his cock and slowly stroked it, coaxing some pre-cum through the head. Samantha closed her eyes in disbelief, then opened them once more, and stared at John's cock. 

Reaching up, Samantha replaced John's hand with her own, wrapping her fingers tightly around his cock. She had intended this to be the quickest fuck she'd ever had. Samantha had never anticipated giving this guy a blow job or even jerking him off, but after seeing this cock, she knew all that went right out the window. Samantha slowly moved her hand along John's large shaft, stroking him slowly, watching more pre-cum ooze from his head. 

Leaning forward, Samantha flicked her tongue across the head, tasting John's sweet, salty cum. Then she took his cock into her mouth, first only the head, sucking it like a lollipop. Then she slowly slid more into her mouth, her hand still stroking the reaming few inches. "Yeah baby," John moaned. "Suck it good, you know you want to." John couldn't believe his own ears. He was saying these things to the Prom Queen, the most popular girl in school. And she was loving it!

Samantha was now sucking his cock like it was the last she'd ever have, sliding it's long shaft deep within her mouth, then taking all but the head out. Her hand was now playing with John's large balls, squeezing them and running them through her fingers. 

John reached down, fondling Samantha's large tits through her dress, feeling her nipples harden at his touch. Then grabbing two handfuls of fabric, he quickly pulled the dress over Samantha before she could protest. Pulling away from his cock, Samantha started to come to her senses and stop this, but John quickly grabbed her head and shoved his cock back in her mouth. As if under a spell, Samantha resumed her sucking. John entwined his fingers through Samantha's curly hair and started moving his hips, fucking her mouth. Samantha moaned around his cock, her own hands squeezing her tits, pulling her nipples taut. 

"Oh yeah," John groaned, picking up pace, his cock sliding deep inside Samantha's hot mouth. John could hear her gagging at some points when his cock went in too deep, but at this point he really didn't care. John then stopped and pulled his cock out of Samantha's mouth, making her moan with disappointment.

"Lie down," he told her, and pushed Samantha's shoulders back, as she laid on her back in front of him. John gazed over her hot body, drooling over her shaved pussy, which he could see was already dripping wet. He wanted to taste it and Samantha spread her legs wide, obviously wanting the same thing. But John had other plans. This fuck was for him, not for her. John straddled Samantha's chest, running his wet cock along each tit and nipple, leaving a trail of cum on each. "Mmmmm," Samantha moaned, her hands fondling her tits. "Press them together," John said, "I want to fuck your big tits."

Samantha did as she was told, totally caught up in this erotic moment. She pressed her tits hard against John's cock, making a tight cavern for him to fuck. John then started moving his cock in and out of her tight cleavage, his fingers pulling roughly on her hard nipples. Samantha was moaning softly, her tongue snaking out licking John's head as it approached her mouth. 

"Aghhh," John moaned and couldn't take it any longer. He had to cum on this girl's tits. He had to do it now. John pulled his cock free and stroked it fast. Samantha leaned forward, attempting to take his cock in her mouth, but John pushed her back down just as his cock exploded. What seemed like gallons of cum shot out everywhere, all over Samantha's expensive silk sheets, in her curly hair, and in her opened, eager mouth. But most of John's cum ended up on Samantha's tits, pooling around her cleavage. 

John rolled off Samantha, and sat on his knees looking down at this social queen, who was rubbing his cum all over her tits, neck and face. "Oh God, so much cum, mmmmm," Samantha purred as she massaged the warm cum into her tits. "That was just a warm-up," John smiled. "On your knees, I want to fuck you from behind bitch," John sneered, loving every minute of this situation. Samantha looked over and gasped as she saw that John was still as hard as he was when he came on her. 

Samantha rolled over obediently on her hands and knees, as John positioned himself behind her. John ran his hands across the smooth flesh of Samantha's ass, slapping each cheek twice. "Ahh," Samantha cried out as she felt the stinging sensation of the slaps. John then roughly slide his cock inside her wet pussy. "Ohhhhh," Samantha groaned, pushing her hips back to meet John's thrust. John began to move his cock in and out of Samantha's pussy in quick thrusts. He grabbed onto her hips and slammed his cock into her drenched hole. He was not making love to this girl, but he was fucking her. John remembered all the times he had seen Samantha in school. All the times he had seen her in her short skirts, tight jeans, tight gym shorts, and remembered all the times he jerked himself off to her. 

John tightened his grip on Samantha's hips and began really fucking her. "Yesssss," Samantha moaned. "Fuck me...fuck my pussy...mmmm...Yesssssssss." Samantha was really getting into this, her own hips slamming back against John's eager thrusts with just as much power and quickness. "Oh fuck, your cock is sooo fucking big...fuck me hard baby...yeah!" Samantha was screaming now, her tits bouncing furiously against her body as John fucked her. 

John knew he was close to coming, but had something else he wanted to do while in this situation. He quickly pulled out of Samantha's pussy, leaving her groaning for more. "What are you doing? Fuck me...fuck me now!" She was still moving her hips back and forth, as if a phantom cock was still inside her pussy.

"Wait," John said, sliding his finger along Samantha's dripping lips. Once his finger was wet enough, he quickly slid it into her tight asshole. "Urggghh," Samantha made some type of animalistic moan and buried her face in her pillow. 

John pulled his finger out and started to shove his cock inside, when Samantha's head quickly shot up. "Wait!" She cried out in a panic. "I have some jelly, let me put it on, my ass is too...AHHHH!" Samantha cried out in pain and pleasure as John shoved his cock inside of her ass. Samantha buried her face once again in her pillow, making some moaning and crying noises. John started to move his cock in and out of her tight ass. "God, you are so tight!" He said, although this was the first ass John had ever had and he had no other comparison to make. 

John started fucking her ass faster now, feeling her muscles relax and loosen. Samantha raised herself back onto all fours and was again moving her hips back and forth meeting John's thrusting cock. "Mmmm...ohhh...yessssss," Samantha cooed. "Fuck it...fuck my ass hard," she cried out speeding up the pace herself. John was more than happy to oblige as he reached around and found Samantha's pussy. John slipped two fingers inside her, his thumb rubbing her rock-hard clit. 

"Ohhh...shit...God yessssss," Samantha was babbling now, taking John's cock and his fingers in both her holes. John was also feeling the heat of the moment. "Yeah bitch, you like this?" He shouted, slamming his cock inside her ass, feeling the cum getting ready to erupt through his cock. "You like me in your ass...want me to cum inside it?" Samantha could only groan in response as her whole body shook from a powerful orgasm. John felt her pussy and ass tighten around his fingers and cock, as Samantha fell forward onto the bed with a loud "Ohhhhhhh." 

John followed her, not wanting his cock to leave her ass, and he pumped her hard a few more times. "Yeah Samantha, here it comes Prom Queen!" John groaned, "Ughhhhhhh," and felt his cock spasm, as he shot his cum deep inside Samantha's ass. Samantha was moaning into her pillow as she felt John's cum fill her ass, then start to leak out down along her pussy and onto her sheets. John gave her ass another hard thrust and collapsed on top of Samantha, kissing her neck and ear, his hands holding her's over their heads.

Then the door to the bedroom flew open and in walked Samantha's boyfriend. Samantha's big, quarterback boyfriend. "Lexi told me I'd find you here," he said.

John looked over and shot up to a kneeing position. "Uh-oh," was all he managed to get out. 

"Lexi told you I was here?" Samantha asked, pulling herself back onto her hands and knees, her dripping ass and pussy only inches from John's face. "That bitch set me up. You were the one who was going to tell her if I followed her command!"

"Ahhh," John started before anyone else could speak again. "Look, Tom, I'm really sorry...I...ahh...I mean...this isn't what it looks like...I mean it does, but...I'm really sorry..."

Tom entered the room and shut the door behind him. "I know you," he said, looking at John as if trying to place a face. "Yeah, I've seen you around at school. You're John Ballina, your mom's Cindy right?"

John managed to shake his head. "Uhh, yeah that's my mom."

"Yeah," Tom continued. "Real nice lady, she tutored me a few months back in English. Helped me stay on the football team. Shit, without her, those teachers would have strung me up and ruined my chances of Division I football. I owe her a lot."

John sighed in relief. "So does that mean your not gonna kill me?"

"Kill you?" Tom laughed. "Hell no! Didn't Samantha tell you that we have a thing for swinging and threesomes?"

John looked down at Samantha, whose eyes were wide at this revelation to a person in John's low high school social standing. "No," John answered. "Samantha and I really haven't had much of a chance to talk." The he turned his gaze back to Tom and his own eyes widened as he saw the football star taking off his own clothes. 

"Shit man," Tom laughed, climbing naked onto the bed next to John. "Sam and I have had lots of swaps and threesomes. Don't worry about a thing, everything is cool." John smiled knowing he wouldn't be getting his ass kicked today. "You know," Tom continued, running his hands along Samantha's cum covered ass. "There's something about fucking someone's girlfriend that brings guys together." John laughed and nodded in agreement.

"Hey," Samantha yelled. "Would you two shut the hell up and someone put a cock in me already!"

John and Tom grinned at each other and Tom laughed. "Turn over babe. Let's have some fun first, my cock is no where near ready for you."

Samantha rolled over onto her back and Tom leaned down, planting a firm kiss on her lips. 'Holy shit,' John thought to himself as he watched Tom and Samantha make out naked before him. 'The star quarterback comes in, finds me fucking his girlfriend in the ass and he doesn't want to kill me!? This is Heaven!' A loud moan brought John back to reality as he turned to see that Tom now had one of Samantha's nipples in his mouth, sucking it hard. John shrugged his shoulders and leaned down, taking Samantha's other nipple into his mouth.

The two men fondled Samantha's fleshy tits, sucking her nipples into their mouths, Tom biting gently, John biting hard. Samantha was thrashing beneath them, her fingers running through their hair, holding them hard against her tits. Finally, Tom pulled away and positioned himself above Samantha. He tapped John on the shoulder. "Move over and let me fuck my girl, man." John reluctantly let Samantha's hard nipple 'plop' from his mouth and moved away. For the first time, John got a good look at Samantha's boyfriend. 
