 Last year my boyfriend Daniel and I went on holiday to Ibiza. We've always been quite adventurous in bed (and, more often, out of bed) but being in the sun, playing in the pool, and downing cocktails made us even hornier than usual. On one alcohol-fuelled night in San Antonio we were thoroughly turned on after hours of dirty dancing and decided to spice things up by paying a visit to a strip club. 

Feeling really naughty, I slid into a chair and sat watching the dancers writhing on the stage. I was surprised at how turned on I was getting, considering I'd never so much as kissed a girl before. I stared, open-mouthed, as one girl climbed, cat-like, to the top of the pole, gripping with her thighs before leaning back and pulling off her skimpy top. My pussy was moistening as she neared the end of her performance and dropped her knickers to the floor. Glancing across at my boyfriend I could see that, as sexy as he found these girls, he was more interested in how turned on I was getting.

Just then a gorgeous girl approached us. She was about 20, with black wavy hair, tanned skin and a perfect figure. Looking at her, I felt my pussy dampen. With a dirty smile on her face she introduced herself as Amber and asked if we would each like a lap dance. Before I could answer Daniel replied that I would love one, but he would be happy just to watch the two of us together. With that, he pushed some notes into her manicured hand and she led us behind the sheer curtain. Taking me by the hand, she led me to a comfortable chair and Daniel sat facing us.

I couldn't take my eyes off Amber's beautiful body as she danced for me, grinding her firm arse against me and pushing her round tits in my face, shedding her clothes as she went. My legs were spread wide, my damp thong barely covering my pussy as she pushed my little skirt up. I was desperate for more, fantasizing about her tongue all over me. By now she was standing in front of me in just a thong, running her hands over her breasts, her stomach, her pussy – teasing me. Finally she let the last of her underwear fall to the floor, revealing a gorgeous smooth snatch. It was all I could do not to grab her and pull her on top of me, and judging by the bulge in my boyfriend jeans, he felt the same way.

Luckily for us, Amber was obviously pretty turned on too, and, unbelievably, come the end of her shift, she left with us. Our hotel was a short walk away and although it took a little longer than usual, with the three of us constantly stopping to fondle and kiss each other, I had too many other things in my mind to wonder how on earth we had ended up bringing a stripper back to our room.

When we finally tumbled into the room, Daniel immediately undid his jeans, releasing the huge erection that had been straining against the buttons. He sat down in a chair in the corner stroking his cock and motioning for us to get on the bed. Glancing at each other with matching dirty grins we did so. If he wanted a show he was going to get one.

Pushing me on my back Amber immediately took control, undoing my skirt and running her tongue from my ankles up to the top of my thighs, excruciatingly slowly. My pussy ached for her and I found myself begging her to strip me. Instead, she began to perform another hot little striptease, ending up in just her high heels. My thighs and arse were now soaked in my own juices, and she had barely touched me yet. Finally, she began to remove my slutty top, sliding it up my stomach and over my perky tits, brushing my nipples and sending a shudder through my body. She was straddling me now, her naked smooth cunt barely an inch from my own wet knickers, her breasts pushed against mine. My hands found her arse as she began to knead my tits, her tongue darting out to caress my nipples.

She inched her way down my body, finally slipping my thong down my thighs and off. But instead of sinking her face into my snatch as I so badly wanted her to, she reached up and placed my underwear in my mouth. Shocked, I didn't know how to react, and before I could pull the material out, she took my wrists and used her own discarded thong to bind my wrists to the iron headboard. I was ready to come at the slightest touch, and hoped she wasn't going to leave me tied up and unsatisfied. But much to my relief she finally positioned herself between my trembling thighs, and with one last dirty look, ran her wet tongue over my clit with the lightest touch. I wanted to bury my hands in her hair and push her gorgeous face deep into my pussy, but all I could do was to arch my back and push my dripping cunt onto her tongue. She traced a finger around my pussy lips, not quite giving me what I wanted. I groaned and writhed on the bed, but couldn't even cry out thanks to the balled up underwear in my mouth that tasted of my own wetness.

Daniel obviously decided at this point that he had also had enough of the tease. He got up from where he had been sitting and walked across the room to the bed where Amber was spread out on her hands and knees, her face buried in my snatch and her arse in the air. I groaned, guessing what was about to happen and wondering how I had found myself in such a horny situation. Raising my head as best I could I saw my boyfriend ease his hard cock into the stripper's pussy making her cry out. He gripped her hips with both hands, raised one foot onto the bed and immediately began fucking her hard. She stopped licking my pussy then, throwing her head back and groaning with every deep thrust from my boyfriend. I never thought I could ever enjoy seeing my boyfriend with someone else, but this was the horniest, hottest thing I'd ever seen outside of a porn film. I bucked my hips, wanting her mouth back on my clit, and seeing this, my boyfriend grabbed her hair, keeping her head tilted back away from me. "It's your turn to sit back and watch" he grinned, knowing how badly I needed to come. He thrust into her for several more hard strokes then pulled out, turning her around to face him and kissing her on the mouth, tasting my juices there. Then he positioned Amber on top of me, again with her pussy close to mine and our tits pushed together, and removed the thong from my mouth so we could explore each others' mouths with our tongues. Then he used the underwear to tie her wrists in a similar manner to mine. For once I was completely stunned. What was he going to do? Would he leave us like that? We were intertwined but completely unable to satisfy each other. Just then he took my dildo from the bedside where I'd left it earlier and retreated to the foot of the bed. Our mouths and tongues were still pressed together and when Daniel pushed the dildo into my wet cunt and his cock into Amber's we could only groan.

Having freed Amber, Daniel positioned her so she was straddling my mouth and I eagerly lapped at her pussy, having never tasted another girl's juices before. I found her swollen clit and circled it with my tongue, loving the excited moans she made. I felt hands on my tits and Daniel spat between them making them wet for his cock. My pussy shuddered again at the thought of this gorgeous pair using my body like this. I felt my breasts being squeezed around Daniel's erection and heard Amber's moans becoming louder. I was making her come. I continued circling my tongue and relished the sweet wetness as her moans became near-screams and her orgasm pulsated through her.

Amber collapsed on the bed and Daniel lay beside her and pleaded for me to ride his cock while she watched. His cock slid easily inside my pussy and I started grinding urgently against him, my fingers stroking my silky wet clit. It wasn't long before I felt my orgasm building up and I prayed that he wouldn't stop. My fingers were moving frantically now, my eyes closed and my mouth stretched open. When my orgasm finally came it seemed to engulf my whole body in a way I'd never felt before and I collapsed onto Daniel's chest, breathing hard, my pussy in spasms. 

When I had caught my breath we pulled Daniel to his feet and Amber knelt on the floor, taking his cock hungrily into her mouth and squeezing his taut balls. For a moment I was happy to watch as he took her head in his hand and started fucking her mouth, then I knelt on the floor behind him and spread his arse cheeks with my hands. I heard him groan above me as he continued to manoeuvre Amber's mouth onto his dick. I traced my tongue slowly from the base of his spine down until I found his hole. Another groan. I worked my tongue there until he couldn't take it anymore and I knew he would come soon. I moved around so I was beside Amber and we were both expertly sucking and licking his hard shaft and balls. It didn't take long for his orgasm to build. Taking his cock in his hand he aimed his spunk at our mouths and tits while we knelt like two sluts with our mouths wide open. His orgasm began to subside and his groaning quietened while he rubbed his remaining come over our faces and we licked each other clean. 

When morning came, Amber was gone. We never went back to that club and we never saw her again, but that night wasn't only the highlight of our holiday, it was the best sexual experience either of us has had. Until our next holiday that is...