 The following submission happened over the course of a very long and satisfying weekend. Although it may need to be broken down into several submissions, Bri and I wrote it as one continuous event. So, enjoy, and by all means vote, and send us your comments. We'd love to hear from you!

Cyrus $ Bri

After some skillful negotiations, mostly just giving the boys head, Bri and Karen decided that they would scout the local pubs and clubs themselves for the newest recruits. Apryl had told the girls that she would be fine with whomever they chose, and left it up to them to set a cut off number. Karen and Bri had said that six guys each should be a good number. They all smiled and just laughed at the thought of eighteen naked men in one place. Apryl blushed a little at the thought of possibly being used by so many in one night!

Karen and Bri decided that they should begin as soon as possible to find the best candidates for the job. They told the boys to leave it to them and they'd handle the recruiting methods! Ken and Eliot eyed each other and just grinned, knowing how Bri and Karen did their best thinking! With no further need of either of them, the boys said they would enjoy seeing how well they did. Eliot smiled and said as the girls past them, "Just remember sweet things, this does not relieve you of your responsibilities to us!"

Bri squashed her tits against Eliot's chest and rubbed his leg, tracing a long nail up his thigh to the inside of his leg. In her most seductive slut voice she said to him, "Oh, my dearest Eliot, what do you think will happen after we tease a couple dozens guys? We're going to need some expert fucking long before this party happens. I only hope you two will be around to be part of the fun." She let the nails trace across, his now quickly growing, bulge.

As if to back her up, Karen reached around Ken and fondled his growing package, while pressing herself against his back, pumping and grinding into him. She whispered into Kens ear, "And anyway stud, I am far from through with you! If that little girl can best you, I'll be damned if I won't!"

Ken's cock nearly split his jeans trying to get out to her marvelous hands. As he turned to give her what she was bringing to life, the girls giggled and just ran from the room, leaving them both standing there like school boys, caught with bad thoughts showing for all to see. "We will take care of you later, if you're still interested. We're going to get ready, we have a few places to visit tonight and we don't need to be exhausted before we even get started!" Karen yelled, as they ran from the room.

Eliot and Ken looked at the heavens, shaking their heads and just laughed out loud!

* * *

About two hours after the girls had gone out for the night, Eliot got a phone call. His design firm needed him for an emergency meeting in Atlanta. Eliot had been a partner with the firm for ten years and had taken a silent partnership to alleviate his workload. He was now only brought in on major decisions concerning high profile accounts; apparently this was one of those. Eliot made his apologies and told Ken to let Karen know he'd be gone until Saturday night. He also made a point of making sure Ken told her he would definitely be there for the party, nothing would keep him from that! As he made his way out Eliot stopped, as if just remembering something.

"Oh, by the way buddy. Are you going to be able to handle both of them tonight when they get back? I think they will be supercharged for a good drilling!" Eliot snickered when Ken realized that he was the only one left to handle them both.

"Don't you worry, I'll make sure I handle them just fine, I think I need to prove something to myself again anyway!" he slapped Eliot on the back as he made his way to the door.

Eliot laughed as he walked out to his Benz parked outside. "OK buddy, I'll see you on Saturday, take care of my ladies until then all right!" was his parting remark before closing the door and pulling off in a spray of gravel.

Ken wondered what the girls were up to right now. He knew he should probably get some rest; it was looking like a long night ahead of him, one he looked forward to. With a last look at Eliot's car disappearing down the drive, he turned and headed for the shower and some much needed sleep. The hot tub also sounded good, maybe he'd just relax there for an hour before hitting the sack!

* * *

About hours drive or so, from Karen's, Bri motioned at one of the little bars that sat back from the Interstate, it looked to be about as local a joint as possible. The sign out front was simply lit as "Happy Hour", not much simpler than that, they decided. They could see from the large number of pick-ups and four wheelers that it was fairly busy. The long drive had given them a chance to work out a plan, and this seemed as good a place as any to see if it worked.

Karen had dressed in a business suit, cream colored, with an open jacket and loose slacks that matched. Her blouse was one of those low plunging necklines that literally dove into her navel, exposing her bare chest, yet hiding her breast's if just barely. Her hair was pulled back into a drastically tight ponytail, set with a leather tie. All in all, she looked as if she had just closed a multi-million dollar deal and was not ready to be messed with. Her make-up was slight, she really didn't need any, and she wore a pair of silver framed oval glasses. She did look quite the professional businesswoman.

For her part Bri had done her best to look the part of her secretary, by wearing an appropriately formal jacket and skirt, blue pin stripes, and a button down white blouse with long tipped collars. She had pulled her hair up into a rather drastic bun, spun tightly onto the back of her head. She had worn a pair of sheer black stockings and comfortable heels. Karen had complimented her on the choice and told her how much she looked like what they had hoped for. Bri had also toned down the make-up for something a little less vibrant, and settled for more natural tones. So, with everything in place they exited the huge SUV and entered the bar.

On entering they acted as if they were involved in some kind of business discussion and walked directly towards the bar. The place was fairly well lit and from the looks they received, it was apparent that they were not what were normal to this place. All eyes followed them to the bar and they could feel the eyes undressing them as they made there way to two of the empty barstools. Karen continued on as if she wasn't paying any attention to them, and sat back on the stool as if she was relieved to finally be sitting. Bri stood besides her looking around the bar as if she was finally realizing that men surrounded them. She made a weak smile and leaned in to whisper in Karen's ear. This had of course all been planned, so as to look as if they were out of their element. It seemed to be working!

The bartender slid down to them and asked what they would like. He was a burly man, about five feet ten, and probably bordering on three hundred pounds. The slight beard and straggly hair definitely showed he was a local and not a hired bartender. Although not what she had considered a good looker, he seemed pleasant enough as he took their order.

They had decided early on that they would only get something light, until they saw how things went, leaving room to move on if this place turned out to be a dud. Karen ordered a white wine and Bri a light beer. "Joe" the barkeep, nodded and went to get what they had ordered. Bri looked around again and noticed that except for a few lingering stares, all of the guys had seemed to have gotten back to their own conversations and pool games. "Well, I'll have to change all that!" she thought to herself.

She unbuttoned and took off her jacket, sliding it onto the stool. The blouse she had picked out was fairly transparent, and she had also worn a slightly off colored bra, that showed easily through the blouse. She made a dramatic show of stretching to show off her ample breasts. She then acted as if nothing was further from normal and unbuttoned the top three buttons of the blouse, allowing any who looked to see ample cleavage. From the bartender's reaction, she knew it had done just what she had wanted.


Joe all but tripped as he made his way back with their drinks. His eyes were focused solely on Bri's, straining to be released, tits. Karen smiled a quick grin and stood up to remove her jacket as well. All eyes in the bar were again watching them as if sharks had just realized food had been introduced. Karen took off her jacket, revealing a completely backless blouse that was loosely tucked into her pants. A dangling gold rope necklace was all that was visible from behind. They could almost hear the bar go silent as everyone now looked directly at them both with pure lust in all of their eyes.

Karen sat back down as if nothing was out of place, Bri copied her actions and the two swung the stools so that they faced each other. They could now see all sides of the bar and acted as if they were still involved in some discussion about some important subject. They tried desperately to act like the sight of all these men leering and staring was not having an affect on them. But Karen whispered, "I am already so wet, I want to scream!"

Bri leaned in and whispered back, "Well, ready for part two?"

Karen nodded and they both tilted back their drinks and downed them. That got a few whistles from the six guys at the pool table. Karen looked over and raised an eyebrow as if annoyed by the attempt to gain their attention. She smiled politely and turned back to Bri, " I think I could do all of them right now!" The evil grin she showed made it plain she wasn't kidding.

Bri kept looking at the guys at the table as she rolled up her sleeves and rolled her neck, as if stretching. She motioned for Joe again, and threw a twenty on the bar. Karen did likewise. Joe looked at the money and said, "Planning on tying one on ladies?" He said it loud enough for all to hear.

"That depends Joe, how's the action around here? We were hoping to have some fun and maybe get a little hammered!" Karen said, also loud enough to be heard.

Joe smiled and returned with, "I don't think you could have found a better place! This joint really gets popping in here. Most of the guys work at the local Nuke plant, and they almost always close the place." He said pointing to the guys at the pool table.

Karen smiled at Bri, then back at Joe, "Thanks for the tip, I think we'll hang out and see what this place has to offer. Anyway we're in no hurry and we could use a good time, it's been a long day, right Bri?" Karen said in a teasing tone.

Someone had heard all of this and decided to put in some music. The jukebox started blazing out ZZ Top's "she's got legs"! Karen raised her newly filled glass and yelled, "Hell yeah" pulling up one of her pant legs exposing her leg to the thigh. A loud cheer went up from the bar for her effort. Bri and her again downed the liquids and pushed them back at Joe.

Karen decided it was time to see if the guys playing pool were any good. Bri and her made their way to the next table and put quarters up for the winners. Now it seemed that every guy in the place wanted to play pool, as a huge stack of quarters quickly grew on the table behind theirs. Karen leaned back against the wall to watch the game in progress. Bri joined her as two of the guys from the crowded table next to theirs came over.

"Hey, we got room if you want to join us!" the guy said. He was about six feet tall, dark hair, with a slight mustache. He was dressed in a blue T-shirt with jeans and work boots. Karen noticed he was somewhat muscular, as were most of the guys in the place. Bri looked at her and then back at the stranger, "I think we'd like to get a few practice games in first, OK?" she said with a playful smile.

The guys wouldn't just let it go and said, " That's cool, mind if me and Jimmy here join you?" His buddy was somewhat taller, by about three inches, and very slim. He was ruggedly handsome, if not attractive. They looked at each other and nodded.

"Sure, why not? My names Karen and this is Bri!" Karen said holding out her hand to them both. They both walked closer and made their own introductions.

"I'm Paul and this is my Bud Jimmy! We come in here all the time after work, you girls just passing by?" Paul asked. They shook hands with the guys and smiled at each other.

"Something like that, yeah!" Bri almost choked at the statement and what it had left out. She turned and "accidentally" bumped into Jimmy, mashing him with her tits. She looked at him with a sheepish grin and said, "Sorry, I didn't see you that close!"

Jimmy looked as if he had apoplexy, and just stared down at the huge amount of cleavage pressed against him, then quickly pulled back. His face quickly reddened and he stammered, "I'm so sorry, but damn they are gorgeous!" His eyes never left her tits; they looked as if they were attempting an escape.

The guys playing at the table finished up and yelled, "Tables all yours girls!" They moved away to let the foursome have the table.

Karen acted as if she had never seen a pool table and started looking for the quarter's slot. Paul grabbed the quarters from her hand and slipped them into the slot for her. "Thanks, I can never seem to find that thingy!" Karen giggled.

Now Bri had been to Eliot and Karen's often enough to know that Karen was far from a stranger to a pool table. As a matter of record, she had trophies as four-time regional champion, and one Grand Champion trophy for "Eight ball" tournaments. She had even managed to get on to ESPN at one point as returning Champ. So, as they had planned, this was all a ruse to get things started.

Paul said, "OK ladies, you break. We'll play for drinks OK?" He took a stand at the end of the table so he could watch whoever broke from a good vantage point.

Karen decided it would be best if she broke, that way she could go into her "Dumb Blonde" act and really get things moving. She lined up the ball and miscued the break. Paul grabbed the ball before it hit anything and set it back in place. "Take your time sweetie, no rush. Just line the ball up with the front of the others and shoot hard!" he said almost laughingly.

Joe showed up with another round of drinks. He waited to get paid, standing next to Bri looking for the money before handing her the glasses. It was time to do her part! "Hey Kar, did you grab the money from the car? I don't seem to have anymore cash on me!" she lied.

Karen patted her pants and replied, "No I thought you had. I didn't remember seeing any in the car, are you sure it's not in you jacket?"

Bri picked up her jacket and acted as if she were frantically searching for her money. She looked back and said, "No, I guess we should have stopped for money at the ATM before we got here. I wasn't thinking! Hey Joe, you guys got a cash machine?"

Joe rolled his eyes and said, " Nope, and we deal in cash only sweet thing!" He didn't move to take the drinks back, but neither did he hand them over.

Jimmy spoke up and said, "I got it Joe, here!" He handed him a twenty and Joe set the drinks on the table. Bri thanked Jimmy and said, "OK, now I feel stupid! Where's the nearest cash machine?" She acted as if she was going to leave and put on her jacket.

Paul stopped her and said, "Don't worry about it, we got ya covered. It's payday, what better way to spend it than on two fine looking ladies!" His intentions were crystal clear in the way he said it. They intended to get them drunk and see what happened. Little did they know that that was what the girls planned from the start!

"Thanks guys, but that kinda puts a damper in us betting, now doesn't it?" she suggested. She looked at Paul with a pout that would have melted butter.

Paul yelled at Joe nodding at a door, "Yo, can we use the private room?" He waited for Joe to throw the key and pointed to a door between the bar and the bathrooms.

"Sure, just remember to leave the camera on, so I can see if you need anything OK?" Joe suggested with a huge grin. Paul just smiled back with his own wicked grin.

"After you ladies! It'll be quieter back here, and the table is much better." Jimmy pointed them into the next room. Joe was switching on the intercom TV that sat above the bar. The girls made their way into the softly lit room and found a regulation sized billiard table, surround by stools and a leather sofa at one end of the room. The camera was mounted above the door facing the table, the red light showed it was active. Joe brought in a fresh round and said, "This ones on the house girls, enjoy yourselves!" He smiled at them and made his way back out of the room pulling the door shut.

"OK what do you have in mind guys? I was looking forward to playing some pool and getting wasted, ya know? Karen said with a little smile.

"I thought you might want to make our bet a little more interesting. Losers loose their clothes!" Jimmy snickered. " Not the underwear, just the outer stuff, OK? You play in your underwear!" He seemed entirely confident of their success.

"Let me get this straight. If we lose, we have to strip down to our underwear, and play that way? Does that also apply to you guys if you lose?" she asked.

"Yeah, we'll do that to if we lose!" Paul said as if it were not likely to happen. He just stood there looking at them both waiting for an answer.

The girls looked at each other as if silently asking each other if they should. Finally Karen spoke up and said, "OK, we'll do it but, how about we play a five game, best of series?"

The guys smiled and said, "OK what's the catch?" Paul waited for an answer.

"First, we decide what comes off, IF we lose. If we win, you lose something of our choice and buy us another round, deal?" Karen purred, "After all, this is your home turf and we are at the disadvantage here!"

Jimmy shook his head in agreement and looked to Paul. Paul smiled and said, "OK, IF you win, you choose what goes and we'll buy the round. If you lose, we choose what goes and you have to do what we ask, no question, deal?"

Karen looked at Bri as if to think over this new deal. They whispered at each other as if discussing it. Then Bri said, "Deal, but we decide what's too much! No dickering on that, period!" She put her hands on her hips thrusting out her chest in defiance. The effect was instant; she could see both of their crotches rapidly get tighter.

"Deal, then lets begin again! Flip for the break?" Paul suggested. He spun a quarter into the air and covered it when it hit the table. He looked to Karen for her choice.

"Heads of course!" she said in a sexy voice.

Paul lifted his hand revealing the coin heads up. He bowed away and Karen headed for the rack to pick out a stick. She rolled it one on the table and held it out to look down the shaft. Karen then put the chalk on the end of the stick, and rolled it back and forth with her foot. She grabbed the chalk bag and quickly bounced it once, and dropped it back on the stand. Karen was now in her element, and these guys were in trouble!

She made as if she didn't know what to do and clumsily lined up the ball. She sawed the stick back and forth a few times. The view from the boy's end of the table allowed them to have a full view of her tits, as the blouse fell away from her chest exposing them. Her nipples were hard and her necklace brushed against her hanging tits, as they swayed back and forth in time with her sawing motion. She acted as if nothing was wrong and stroked her opening shot. The balls broke, sinking two solids and leaving the lead buried behind a mass of striped balls.

She had to stretch to reach the ball to attempt her next shot. The way she leaned over, again left her tits plainly in view, and her ass sticking up, as she leaned over the tables corner. Paul moved to get the best view of her and not the table. She "missed" the shot by a fraction and just sighed, "Oh well, maybe next time!" The balls were set up so a moron couldn't miss running the table.
