 The sun beat down on the expanse of nearly white sand all around us. The dune-like beach swept off up and down shore. Forty yards or so away, the calm Gulf of Mexico lapped at the sand. Our rented wave-runners were pulled up safely out of the tide's reach. Above us, the interior of the small island erupted in a wild chaos of thick vegetation, which was typical of this part of the coast of Florida. 

It was an uncommonly hot day for late January. Since it was still basically pre-tourist season, there were fewer people out at the beaches than there would be in just another week, and this little island was a bit out of the way even then. Amber and I had come out here to enjoy a picnic lunch, and, naturally enough, one thing had led to another...

After eating and then laying out naked in the sun for only a few minutes, she began to get frisky. Her hand reached out and began to explore my own bare body. It wasn't long before she'd rolled over on the big beach blanket, and followed her hand with her lips and tongue. Soon she was sucking on my hard cock and had thrown her leg over my head, putting her delicious pussy tantalizingly close to my own mouth. I reached up and pulled her down a bit to flick my tongue over her and wasn't surprised to find her already moist with her own sweet, slightly salty, nectar. She stiffened ever so slightly as my tongue made its first tentative caresses, but she was soon relaxed and rocking her hips against my face as I licked and sucked at her clit.

Though the thick organ in her mouth muffled her moans, her quivering, spasming body made her orgasm unmistakable. She took several long moments to catch her breath, without releasing me from her suckling hold, and then moved to change positions. With her hands on my chest, apparently to keep me from running away, Amber straddled my body and then reached down between her legs to take my rigid sex in her hand. She rubbed it up and down between her lips and then pushed the fat head into her. My happy sigh and the look on my face of undiluted pleasure made Amber grin down at me. As she slowly sank down on me, though, her expression became one of pure lust. I watched her face as she settled down on me, lost in the beauty of her face amongst her long, tousled, dark hair, her eyes closed while she reveled in the sensation of me filling her. 

After a long sweet moment, her eyes opened a little bit and she half smiled as she started to move on me. She didn't slide up and down on my shaft, but worked herself back and forth against me – half sliding, half rocking on my lower abs and cock. She was using my body to stimulate herself. The sensation was incredible for me as well; my cock was being manhandled (so to speak) to suit the needs of Amber's lust and it felt very, very good.

I reached up to cup Amber's breasts in my hands, and she responded immediately by reaching up and squeezing my hands harder on her tits. I reacted by tightening my grip and then pinching each nipple – hard. Amber shuddered, moaned and ground down against me with even more enthusiasm. Taking the hint, I kept up the pressure on her nipples and began to twist them. 

"Oh goddamn! Yes!" she shouted and threw her head back, arching her back and supporting herself with her hands behind her on my thighs. As I tormented her enflamed nipples she rocked back and forth on me, pulling my cock backward inside her as she writhed. All the while, she continued to shout out, "Fuck! Oh yess! God yes!!!" and the like. Soon she was writhing and trembling in another long orgasm, while I held on for dear life, avidly enjoying the view!

She started to fall backward, which would have been quite painful for me with my still very hard cock inside her, but I caught her by the waist and pulled her forward. She collapsed onto me, murmuring, "That was amazing!"

I chuckled a little and rolled us over so that I was on top of her in a basic missionary position. Grinning down at her I slowly fucked in and out of her, simultaneously letting her catch her breath and bringing her arousal back up to where I liked it. In a very short while, Amber was working under me, pulling me into her and actively enjoying our sex. Once she was really going again, I pulled her up with me... she using her own well-trained muscles to help... rising up into a kneeling position with her on my lap. With my arms holding her close to me and giving her support, Amber began to ride slowly up and down on me. She rested her arms on my shoulders and looked into my face as she sensuously rose and fell before me. I watched as her body approached yet another climax. I lowered my face to kiss her breasts and neck... I caught one nipple in my mouth and bit it lightly. Soon she was trembling all over as her orgasm washed over her. I reached down to squeeze her strong ass cheeks in my hands, while I buried my face in her chest. She let out a long, low moan.

After a long moment when we held on to each other feeling our hearts beating together, she pushed back away from me a bit. She had a mischievous glimmer in her eye and said, "So, when are you going to come for me, huh?"

Laughing a bit, I said, "Oh, I'm sure I'll get around to it."

She got a bit more serious before saying, "I want you to take me from behind and fuck me until you fill me up with your cum."

"Well, if that's what you really want..."

She kissed me long and hard, and then there was a bit of scrambling as we disentangled ourselves so that she could get on her hands and knees upon the blanket and I moved around behind her. I took a second to look around at the dark, rippled water stretching out unbroken to the horizon, at the glaring, nearly white sand all around us, and the thick vegetation several yards away. There was a breeze blowing the tall grass and bushes, but there was something else... some kind of motion or a sound. I was about to push my cock into Amber's waiting pussy, and I suddenly realized there was someone over in the undergrowth watching us. I paused there, thinking... How did they get there without us knowing? If they were watching us now, it was quite likely that they'd been watching us for some time.

"Oh, don't tease me anymore... just fuck me!" Amber insisted over her shoulder.

With something of a smirk, I decided to give the lady what she wanted, and if it was giving more of a show to whomever might be over in the shadows, well, so be it. I pushed myself deep into Amber with one long, slow motion.

"Yesssss," she called out. "That's it! Fuck me with that cock!"

I pulled almost all the way out of her then, waited, and then drove back into her. She laughed and groaned at the same time. With my hands on her hips, I began to fuck in and out of her with increasing speed. As I pulled back, I could look down and see my thick hardness disappearing inside her, and as I thrust in, I watched as my muscular torso smacked into her firm butt. She pushed back into me with each thrust, calling out encouragement: "Yeah, baby! Fuck me! Come in my pussy! Give me that hot cum!"

I saw her drop one shoulder and then felt her fingers playing with her clit near my cock. Having seen her face in mirrors at moments like this, I knew whoever was watching us was seeing Amber at her most nakedly passionate. Just thinking about it was pushing me very close to coming. Her loud vocal enticements and her tight, very hot and slippery, clasping pussy were also calling me on. I moved one hand down to press my thumb against her tightly puckered asshole and slowly pushed it into her a little. I reached up with my other hand and held on to her shoulder. As I pushed my thumb into her butt, I thrust my cock deep into her pussy and pulled her back to me. 

"Oh fucking god! Fuck-fuck-fuck-FUCK!" she screamed as her entire body began to spasm. I felt her ass constricting on my thumb and her vagina pulling and squeezing on my cock and then I was coming too. I threw my head back as the molten wave built up inside me and exploded through my cock and into Amber. My body shuddered and pulsed as what felt like a geyser of hot cum shot out of me. On and on it went, and it felt like the beach, the sand and the water were spinning around me. I swear I almost blacked out.

When I finally thought to breathe I was leaning forward over Amber's beautiful back and my face was in her hair. "Holy hell!" I murmured into her shoulder blade. She laughed happily.

We were quietly enjoying our moment of afterglow in the warm afternoon sun, when suddenly the stillness was interrupted by clapping and someone shouting, "Now that was fantastic!"

We shot upright as two young men wearing t-shirts and shorts came out of the bushes and over the top of the dune in front of us. They were grinning from ear to ear, and one of them had a video camera in his hand.

"What the hell!?" Amber sputtered angrily. Ever the nudist at heart, though, she made no move to cover herself. I glared at the video camera and the two interlopers. This had quickly gone from mildly amusing to extremely annoying.

"Sorry if we startled you," said the taller of the two guys – the one without the camera. He had short, dark hair and a lean frame. "We landed on the other side of the island and heard you. Damn! That was hotter'n hell!"

"Uh, thanks, I think," I managed. I eyed the camera suspiciously.

"We missed the very beginning, but what we got is great!"

I put a hand on Amber's shoulder. Though we were still kneeling on the blanket, something about the way she tensed up just then made me think she was about to leap at the two guys in naked fury, literally. I thought diplomacy might be a more practical way to go, so I asked, "Yeah, um, great for what?" 

"We're going to use it on our website – hotfloridasex.com," the tall guy continued. Apparently he was the brains of the operation while the quiet one was just the cameraman (with apologies to camerapersons everywhere). The guy with the camera had lighter, almost blond hair and a more muscular build.

At the mention of the website, Amber stiffened again, and turned to me and hissed, "My husband can't see that!"

While I was glad she had her priorities straight, I found myself scowling a bit inwardly at the mention of Amber's husband. It had been an unwritten rule that we not mention her marriage. Isn't it funny how unwritten rules have a way of sneaking up and bugging you at the most inappropriate moments?

The guy with the camera distracted the chatty one for a moment, showing a particularly juicy moment in their recording in the playback window. I took the opportunity to quietly confer with my lover.

"I understand your position, but I get the impression they're not just going to hand over their tape because you're married. In fact, we better not mention that part at all."

Amber glared at me, and insisted, "We've GOT to get it from them."

"Okay, I'll do what I can..."

"Hey," I called, as I got up and stepped over to my shorts and wallet. "You know we're not too eager to be on your website."

"Well, not to be rude, but you should have thought of that before you decided to have a fuck-a-thon out here on the beach where anyone could see you," the lanky one pointed out good-naturedly. 

"Well, you've got a point there," I nodded. I picked up my wallet and made a point of taking all my cash out of it. "Still, I've got ... a hundred and ... fifty-three dollars here. Why don't you just sell us the tape, and let us keep our dignity."

The two guys laughed a little, and I was suddenly acutely aware that I was standing there naked in front of them, trying to keep them from making money from my illicit affair. I moved back to stand next to Amber as the two men whispered back and forth between themselves. 

"Just how far are you willing to go to get that tape?" I asked Amber. She just shot me a panicked look that told me she was willing to go quite far.

"Yeah," the talkative guy said, "I'm sorry, but no, this is worth more than that to us. She's just fuckin' amazing!"

I laughed, trying to sound genuine about it, "She certainly is! You should feel that pussy... so tight and hot." Amber shot me a nervous look, which I did my best to ignore. The two guys were suddenly paying very close attention, their eyes glued to Amber's naked body. I pushed it a bit further, "And she gives the best damn head you'll ever have in your life."

They exchanged a look between them, and I knew they were hooked. I looked quickly over to see if Amber was going to kill me. She was obviously nervous, and was actually blushing, but she gave me a little nod.

"Tell you guys what," I said as I started toward them. "She'll take you both on in exchange for that tape."

"Seriously?" the shorter guy asked, his first contribution to the meeting.

"Yeah, but don't get too carried away or anything," I added seriously.

"Hey, we're not assholes," he replied indignantly.

I cocked an eyebrow at him, and his friend laughed, "Well, we're not that kind of assholes."

They started crossing the sand toward Amber on the blanket, but I cut in with, "But, I get to hold the camera." 

They looked back and forth between each other for a moment, then the muscular cameraman shrugged and passed it over to me. I looked it over quickly, while they each took off their t-shirts and dropped them on the sand and then started undoing their shorts. With one eye on the men and Amber, and the other on the camera in my hand, I worked my way around to the side, so I could see what was going on.

The tall one was first to act, and wasted no time in dropping his shorts as soon as he was in front of Amber. I could see her swallow nervously as she reached out to touch this new cock. She leaned forward and kissed his prick, rubbing her face over it as she caressed the length of it and his balls with her hands. As it thickened obediently, she took it into her mouth and started to suck on it.

After watching this from the side for a while, the former cameraman dropped his own shorts, and let his own mostly hard cock spring forth. The tall guy had a respectable cock on him, but the shorter fellow's was downright impressive. It was quite thick and at least an inch longer than my own. 

Without taking her attention off the cock already in her mouth, Amber reached out and felt for the next cock. Only when she felt it, and tried to get her fingers around it, did she turn and look at it. The expression on her face, particularly since she had a hard cock in her mouth was priceless! She gave the first guy's cock a couple more oral pulls, but then focused her attention on this new organ. While continuing to slowly jerk the tall guy's cock, she stroked the monster before her and began to kiss and lick it all over. Soon this thick cock was even harder and bigger, and Amber was sucking on the head of it.

The muscular guy reached down to brush Amber's dark hair out of her face and then to hold her head with surprising gentleness, as she slowly inched that fat cock of his deeper into her mouth and throat. The taller guy was enjoying the show along with his own hand job. He bent down and caught one of Amber's tits in his hand and began to pull and tease the nipple. I could hear her whimper with pleasure, and focused in for a moment on her face with her eyes closed and mouth full of thick phallus.

This went on for several minutes, and then Amber pulled off the big cock and looked up at the muscular man in front of her and said, without any timidity or shame, "Please fuck me."

Apparently never one to waste words, he simply moved around behind Amber and got down on his knees. Meanwhile, she turned her attention back to the taller guy and his still rigid cock, without hesitation she took his cock into her mouth and began to suck up and down on it with determination. The guy behind her then began to push his hard cock up into her, which caused her to take the cock out of her mouth and gasp. She held onto the man in front of her for support as that fat prick slowly claimed her pussy.

"Oh my god...! That feels so good!" she breathed. She glanced quickly over to me to make sure I was paying attention – as if it might be possible that I was distracted! "Now fuck me," she commanded over her shoulder.

It would seem he was used to taking direction, for he proceeded to move his beast in and out of her tight pussy with increasing abandon. Though Amber obviously intended to have one cum in her mouth and the other in her pussy, she was soon reduced to basically holding on for dear life to the man and cock in front of her while the shaft inside her had its way with her. I watched as her body began to shake and tremble as a violent orgasm washed over her. In short order he shoved deep into her, pushing Amber onto his friend's cock, and let out a deep groan as his own orgasm jetted cum into her. 

"Damn! That's one hot pussy!" the well-equipped cameraman announced as he withdrew and collapsed back on the blanket.

"Well, I want some of that," decided the tall one as he pulled his straining cock away from Amber's grasp and moved around behind her. 

I stepped up close to Amber and she looked up at me, her face a mask of lustful abandon. There was a little trail of drool running down her chin. She smiled blissfully, and then bit her lower lip as she felt her pussy being filled by yet another cock. She grinned and pushed back against the man behind her and then noticed that I had a raging hard on standing out in front of me. With one smooth motion, she grabbed it and pulled me to her face. 

I took a deep breath as she took my cock deep into her mouth and throat and began to suck on me voraciously. All the while, the tall, dark-haired stranger was fucking her from behind. Amber had become a wild animal, pushing and writhing between us, trying to make both cocks loose their cum for her. I watched her muscular back flexing between her perfect ass and the hips held tightly by a stranger and her mane of dark hair and the beautiful face of the my lover sucking my cock. It was hard to say who began the chain reaction, but it seemed to move from rear to front, with the guy adding his own cum to Amber's pussy, her shaking all over and crying out with yet another orgasm, and then me spurting cum all over her beautiful face in the bright sunlight. 


Amber finally collapsed in a heap on the blanket, and the guys shakily gathered up their clothes and their camera and left. After a while, Amber and I were able to collect our own wits and pack up the wave runners. 

"Damn! Did you get that tape?" she gasped, suddenly remembering what started her most recent escapade. 

I flashed a grin at her as I pressed it into her hand. 

"I should toss it into the Gulf, shouldn't I?"

"You should NOT!" I laughed. "I added on to their recording while you were busy. You better watch it at least once!"

She glanced at me with an attempt at coyness, and said, "Well, okay, at least once."