 Donna and I were both graduate students and we had gotten engaged only a few weeks before. Every weekend I left my graduate dorm and moved in with Donna in her apartment, and for the first time since the summer after my senior year I had a regular sex life. Donna wasn't very experienced, but the missionary position worked well for both of us, usually resulting in two or three solitary orgasms for Donna, with a joint orgasm to finish things off. 

We generally fucked before Friday's dinner (which we then ate while naked), then another later in the evening, another Saturday morning, another Saturday evening after a date, and a final fuck on Sunday morning. Then we would change her bed and I would head back to my roommate and get ready for Monday classes. Donna had small 34 A breasts, but they were extremely sensitive. (The first time I kissed her breasts I caused her to climax while I sucked on her nipples.) But I never dreamed that being engaged would provide me with an opportunity to have sex with two women on the same night.   

Donna had a friend Linda, another graduate student in Donna's department. Linda was living with Ted, one of the professors in their department. Linda and Ted threw great parties, and Donna and I had been to several. Linda had a great face and a fantastic figure, but she was a little too much of a tease for my taste, and besides, I was engaged to Donna. I also figured Ted would kill me if I put the moves on Linda. 

But back to the parties. The faculty (other than Ted) usually left the parties before midnight, and things tended to get a little wild after that. On this occasion Donna and I were invited to a party to celebrate Bob, another graduate student in their department, having passed his Ph.D. qualifying exams. Bob's wife Sylvia was hosting the party with Linda at Ted and Linda's, although Ted was out of town doing research. Since the weather was warm, we were told to bring a suit and towel so we could swim in the pool. We actually only brought towels since we knew the swimming was skinny dipping after midnight.

At a previous party Linda and Sylvia had both appeared braless with nearly transparent tops, showing their large breasts to great advantage. But this time they had really gone all out! Sylvia was the first we saw, and she greeted both Donna and me with hugs and kisses on our cheeks. 

Sylvia was wearing light-blue harem pants, slits on the sides all the way from her ankles to a string-like band about two inches below her navel. Through the pants her black bikini panties were visible. Her top consisted of another string-like band just below her armpits, with a single panel of the same blue material almost covering her breasts, hanging about an inch below her nipples and areolae. She was completely bare between her pants and breasts. From the side I could see most of her breasts, and from the front I could see the bottom swell of her breasts. As she hugged me, I could feel that there was virtually nothing between her breasts and my shirt, and I immediately got an erection. "Down, boy!" I heard Donna whisper. But then we turned the corner into the next room, and there was Linda.

What Linda had on was truly unbelievable! Around her hips, perhaps an inch above her pubic hair, she had a thin silver string. There was a rectangular panel of shiny white semi-transparent material hanging down her front to about three inches above her knees, and a similar panel hanging down her backside. There was a gap of fully four inches along the string on each hip. I figured there was some kind of narrow panty connecting the strings in the front and rear, but it wasn't visible. Her top had a string under her armpits, similar to Sylvia's, but there the similarity ended. Linda had two short, three-inch wide triangular strips of the white material hanging down over her breasts, with a little weight on the point at the bottom of each one holding it down. 

The friction between the material and her breasts had made her nipples stand straight up and they showed clearly through the cloth. Most of her large breasts were uncovered on each side and bottom. As Linda turned to face us, the panel in her front swung partially to the side, exposing most of the insides of her thighs, and the little weighted strips on her breasts nearly exposed her areolae completely. My erection got harder and I heard a roaring in my ears.

Linda gave Donna a big hug and kiss, then turned her attention to me. She wrapped her arms around me, crushed her breasts against me, kissed me fully on the lips and pushed her tongue into my mouth, and ground her pubic bone against my erection. She broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, "You look like you're mentally undressing me!" 

"It isn't hard," I replied. 

"Yes it is!" she giggled, and she moved her pelvis sideways along my erection to make her joke clear. 

Fortunately Donna missed seeing most of this. Linda released me and winked, and I caught up with Donna who had already started talking to someone else. I managed to hold my rolled-up towel in such a way that my erection was not too obvious. 

I went into the kitchen and got a couple of beers, and took one back to Donna. Then we separated to talk to different people. By this time I was sufficiently calmed down that my erection could be concealed, so I put down my towel and talked to some of the people I knew.

About an hour (and a couple of beers) later, I wandered into another room and spotted Linda dancing. As she moved from side-to-side, her breasts were frequently momentarily exposed, and her nipples were completely erect from the movement of the cloth across them. As I watched her dance my erection returned, and I headed back to the darker kitchen both to hide my hard-on and to get another beer. 

The beer was in a couple of big plastic tubs on the floor, each full of salt water and ice. This mixture was almost cold enough to freeze the beer. I used both hands to search for my favorite brand, and by the time I found one, both hands were so cold that they ached. I managed to get the bottle opened, then headed out the back door to get some air. In the near total darkness I could see some people about twenty feet ahead of me, facing away from me around the pool, and I started that way. 

I had no sooner stepped down off the steps, when Linda came out of the door behind me, put her arm around my waist, and asked for some of my beer. As she drank it, she pulled me sideways past some bushes and around into a dark area beside the garage. We were completely concealed from everyone, and it was so dark I could barely see her white mini-outfit. 

I put my hand on her naked waist, and she gasped because my hand was so cold. But she said that it felt really good since the evening was so hot, and she pulled my hip against hers as we walked further along the wall of the garage and further away from other people. 

I was extremely aroused, but also tired of her incessant teasing, so I decided to give her breasts a feel. "This should feel really good, too!" I said, and I reached my freezing-cold left hand across my body and rubbed it over both of her breasts. She sucked in her breath as my cold hand further stiffened her nipples, and I figured I was going to get slapped. Instead she turned to face me and took a long pull on the beer. I put both cold hands on her breasts and began to caress them, feeling the stiff nipples and hardening areolae against the soft bulk of her breasts. Linda kept drinking the beer.

Abruptly Linda bent down, put the bottle on the ground behind her, then stood up, grabbed the bottom of my shirt, and pulled it up to my armpits. She wrapped her arms around me, smashed her ice-cold, stiff-nippled, bare breasts against my chest, and kissed me. As our tongues met, she spat a mouthful of beer into my mouth, really surprising me. 

Then I rubbed her nipples as we shared the beer and played with our tongues. Linda began to rub her hips against my erection. I reached one hand down her back and under the cloth and there were no panties! So I moved my hand around to the front and pulled the front panel up, leaving her naked in front from the waist down. 

I slid my hand into her pubic hair and began to slide my hand lower. Linda lifted one leg to give me access, and my fingers found her slit. As I began to rub her pussy, her labia got slippery and wet. I pushed first one, then two, then three fingers inside her. Linda began to thrust her hips forward and back. Suddenly she pulled my hand out and put my wet fingers against my own lips, smearing them with her pussy juices.

Linda used both hands to undo my belt, and she dropped my pants and underpants around my ankles, and caressed my penis and balls. I kissed her and she seemed to get even more excited as she tasted her own pussy. She pulled her front panel up again, and moved so that my penis was between her legs, rubbing against her labia. 

She began to move her hips forward and back, sliding her pussy along my penis. I used both hands to rub her breasts and nipples. I began to lower myself so that I could put my penis inside her, but she stood and moved so that I couldn't do that. Linda began to grunt "Unh! Unh! Unh!" in rhythm as I gently pinched her nipples, and she threw her head back and had an abrupt, brief orgasm. I felt myself beginning to ejaculate, even though I was still outside her. 

But Linda abruptly jumped back, with my pussy-juice-soaked penis sticking straight out. "Time to get back to my guests!" she said, and as I tried to step forward to take hold of her, I tripped on my own pants and fell down. Linda laughed and headed went back to the house, leaving me on the ground.

I found the beer, and used it to wash her juices off of my penis, mouth, and fingers. But my erection wouldn't go away, and my balls began to really ache. No matter how I put my penis in my pants, my erection was obvious, and the pressure of my clothing against my penis and balls felt awful. Finally I clamped my penis upright under my belt, draped my shirt over it, and walked carefully back to the kitchen. 

By this time I knew I had a real case of "blue balls," a condition I hadn't experienced since high school. My nuts throbbed with each heartbeat and they felt like they were going to explode. My penis was so hard it hurt. Going up the back stairs into the kitchen was almost more than I could manage. I walked like an old man. 

I grabbed another beer as I went past the tubs, then sat down carefully in the breakfast nook. I was really hurting now, but I thought that sitting might help. It didn't. People were going in and out. Some greeted me but most ignored me. Linda came through by herself, saw me, and stood over me. Then she raised her front panel, flashing her pussy at me. I groaned, and she asked what was wrong. I told her my problem and said that I needed to beat off somewhere. I asked her where a good place would be. 

We were interrupted by several people going through the kitchen, but she leaned down and whispered that I should go up the back stairs, through a bedroom used for storing stuff, and into a bathroom at the far end of that room. Finally, she showed me the little door leading to the back stairs, and told me to sneak up there when I could. "I'll come check on you in about ten minutes!" she said, and went back into the party.

I got up and stood next to the little door, and when the coast was clear, scrambled up a couple of steps, closing the door behind me. The stairway was narrow and completely dark, and I carefully (and painfully) worked my way up. At the top I found a door leading to the second floor. I peeked out, but there were several people waiting in front of the bathroom at the end of a short hall. 

As soon as they were gone, I left the stairway and entered the bedroom Linda had described. Following her instructions I locked the door from the inside, then carefully felt my way through piles of furniture to another door. I opened it, and turned on the light, and found myself in a fairly large bathroom. Opposite me was another door, which I opened. It led into the master bedroom. There was no window in the bathroom, but judging from its location, it was located over the garage. My balls were still killing me.

I took my sandals off, then removed my pants and undershorts. I figured I could beat off just thinking about my earlier session with Linda, so I grabbed a mound of toilet paper and started to rub my penis. But it was so swollen it hurt! As I was standing there holding my penis and trying to figure out how to wack my wand without hurting myself, Linda came through the other door. She giggled, then told me to wait a minute. 

She reached up and undid some fastener I hadn't seen on the string under her armpits and her top came off. She did the same thing to the string around her waist, hung both skimpy things over a hook on the door, and came over to me, completely naked, with her hands on her hips. "How come you're still partly dressed?" she challenged. I pulled my shirt off. She gently took hold of my penis and balls and remarked that they were really puffed up. "Let's take care of you!" she declared, and wrapped herself around me, kissing me hard. She took hold of my penis and pushed it down so that it was again pressing against her pubic area. The pressure against her felt wonderful, but it still hurt.

I ran my hands over her body, and she rose up on her toes, then pulled my penis between her thighs. She began to slide forward and back along it as she had done earlier. Once again I tried to lower myself so that I could enter her, but she reached down to my penis, made a vee of her first two fingers, and pushed my penis so that it was no longer aiming up. As I tried to enter her, she prevented anything more than the head of my penis from slipping inside, and the tip of my penis slid forward and back, from her clitoris almost to her anus. Her hand on my penis also allowed her to rub her own clitoris, and she was clearly doing that. 

The pain began to go away, and I could feel myself getting really excited again. I reached up and began to rub Linda's breasts, tweaking on her nipples. She began her "Unh! Unh! Unh!" grunting again, following the movements of my hands on her breasts. Suddenly she started to quiver, and her grunting became a single, loud cry. She clamped her legs together, squeezed my hands hard against her breasts, and I felt her orgasm as her abdomen quivered against mine. Abruptly she dropped to the floor, pulling me down by my penis.

I ended up sitting on the floor, and she pushed me down onto my back. My penis and balls were beginning to ache again, and I told her so. She said she would blow me. Donna had never been very good at this, but I figured that anything was worth a try. She started to suck on my penis, but it hurt too much! I told her so, and she settled into a gentle tonguing, licking, and sucking of the engorged head of my penis, and this began to work. 

She was leaning over me from the side, so I pulled her legs toward me and pulled one leg over me until I was looking up at her pussy. Her labia were open and dripping from her orgasm. She leaned down a little and her labia were almost against my face. I put two fingers into her vagina, and began to move them around. I found her G-spot and rubbed it. She pushed herself against me, and my nose went into her as I pulled my fingers out. I reached up with my tongue and began to lick her clitoris as I nose-fucked her. 

Her mouth and tongue action on my penis got stronger, but no longer hurt. She was getting excited but she didn't climax. Then I reached down with both hands and began rubbing her large, dangling breasts. As I pinched her nipples, she began her now familiar "Unh! Unh! Unh!" grunting, and I gradually increased the tempo of my fingers and tongue. After a couple of minutes, she tried to clamp her legs together but couldn't since my chest was between them, and then she really let out a yell. I was glad we were over the garage and that nobody was likely to hear! With my nose in her pussy I could feel her trembling climax and I could see her whole body shaking. 

That did it for me, and I blew my load, partly into her mouth and partly onto her face. Just the one shot, but I could feel the pain and tension leaving my balls. Linda continued to tremble for several seconds after I finished. 

Then I could feel her licking the cum off of my penis. After a few moments, she crawled around, lay across me with my left leg between her legs, held my deflating penis with one hand, and kissed me. I was not surprised when her tongue pushed a huge wad of my own cum into my mouth. As we passed the cum back and forth, I kissed the cum from her cheeks and nose, sharing it with her. She curled up against me with her head against my chest. She let out a contented sigh. 

I began to raise and lower my left leg, rubbing her pussy against my thigh. She rubbed my now flaccid penis. Then I began to rub her breasts. After a couple of minutes, her rhythmic grunting started again, and her hips began to push hard against my thigh as I raised my left leg against her. A very short time later she clamped her legs around my thigh and made several very loud, yelling grunts. This climax shook her whole body, and when it began to slow down, I managed to get it going again by pinching her nipples. 

Linda had a series of orgasms, rubbing herself against my leg while I stimulated her breasts. Finally her pulsations slowed down and she kissed me. She grabbed my penis and found that it was fully erect once again. 

As we caressed each other, Linda said that she had never had so many orgasms in such a short period of time. She had really gotten excited being almost naked around so many men, and that when I had grabbed her breasts, she had been overcome with lust. 

Then she said that she was glad that we hadn't "had sex" since Donna was her friend and she was in love with Ted. She told me that we could truthfully tell Ted and Donna that we hadn't had sex since we hadn't fucked. I told her that this was nonsense, never dreaming that I would hear the same sort of silliness several years later from our President! I told Linda that my grabbing her breasts was something I might be able to get Donna to forgive, but not anything we had done since then. Then I said that I wanted to have "real" sex with her. Linda realized I was serious, and she got off me and stood up, and shook her head.

I reached up, grabbed her arm, pulled her down, and rolled over on her and pinned her against the floor. Linda tried to roll away, but I was heavier and stronger and I was already between her legs. After a little struggling I got into position with the head of my penis against her labia, pressing against her. Then I began to kiss her and rub her breasts. 

In just a couple of minutes Linda's breathing changed and she wrapped her legs around me and pulled me all of the way into her. I began to move in and out of her, twisting and moving my penis, as we kissed. She tried to set the rhythm, but I sensed that this was what she was used to doing. I changed rhythms each time she got used to the one we were doing. I sucked on one of her nipples and she began to grunt again. 

Then I stuck a finger into her anus and she had a loud, wild climax lasting nearly a minute. When she settled down, I began again, and this time she followed my rhythm and pace to another orgasm. The third time she climaxed. I began to ejaculate, and this time more than once. Linda screamed "Yes!" over and over until we both finally wound down. Keeping my penis inside her I rolled her over on top of me and held her until my penis softened and flopped out of her.

Linda got up, dripping cum and pussy juice all over me, and said that she had to get back to the party. I checked my watch and told her that we had been away for only a little more than a half hour. But what a half hour! Carefully keeping her hair dry she took a shower, then quickly put her skimpy outfit back on, blew me a kiss, and left the bathroom through the master bedroom door. 
