 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

On my way back from the bathroom, I saw Megan at the jukebox so I stopped to see what tunes she was selecting.

"Hi," she said cheerfully, but her tone quickly changed, "I don't know why I come to these happy hours; I can barely stand most of these people in the office all day and they don't get any better after they've been drinking."

"Present company excepted, I assume?" I asked, knowing it was the case because we got along well at work. We tended to flirt a bit even though she was a bit younger than me, but I always assumed it was harmless office flirting and never expected it to lead to anything else.

"No, I hate you, too," she replied, laughing, then pushed against me. I helped her with her remaining picks, which I sensed she was laboring over only so she had an excuse not to go back and rejoin our coworkers.

"Why did you come if you're so miserable?" I finally asked.

"Ann talked me into it. She said I might feel better about some of my coworkers if I got to know them outside of the office. It isn't working," she explained. Ann was one of our coworkers who Megan was actually friends with. Megan wasn't typically pessimistic or intolerant, but as a young admin, she was very put upon so I understood her frustration. Even so, I definitely was not prepared for what she said next.

"We should leave. We should go to my place and fuck," she said unexpectedly. I looked at her, unsure of what I had just heard. "Seriously," she continued, "don't you think that would be more fun?"

There was no doubt that fucking Megan would be more fun than just about anything I could think of at that moment, but I was concerned about the two of us just walking out of the bar together and what sort of office gossip that would start. Still, I didn't want her to think that I wasn't interested.

"OK," I responded, "I'll go grab my coat."

"We can't just walk out of here together," she laughed, echoing what I'd been thinking, "besides, I just put a bunch of songs on this jukebox."

"Tell you what," I said, "why don't you write down your address for me and when 'Bohemian Rhapsody' starts, I'll say that I have to leave and I'll head for your place. When the song is over, you leave, too, and I'll be waiting there for you."

"Nice," she replied, smiling and nodding. I headed back to the group while she went to borrow a pen to write her address on a cocktail napkin. I thought Ann was giving me a funny look, so maybe she saw us talking at the jukebox and was wondering what that had all been about. Megan handed me the cocktail napkin when she rejoined the group, but nothing else passed between us to indicate what we had planned for later that night. I could see that Ann was grilling her but Megan was just waving her off and rolling her eyes, apparently at the suggestion that there was anything to even talk about.

I finished my drink when I heard the first strains of "Bohemian Rhapsody" coming through the sound system, then said my good-byes and headed for the door. I knew that Megan lived downtown, not far from the bar we'd been at that night, so I checked the cocktail napkin and navigated my way to the front steps of her apartment building. I figured as I sat down to wait that the song probably wasn't even over yet, so I was glad that it was a pleasant night. I checked the time on my phone a couple of times when it seemed like she should have been there already but just figured that slipping out just hadn't gone as smoothly as she'd expected. When I finally saw her hustling down the street, I stood up.

"Sorry," she said breathlessly before planting a hot kiss on me, "Ann must have seen us talking and figured that something is going on. I tried to convince her otherwise but I don't think she was buying it. I finally just bailed when she went to the bathroom. I'm surprised she didn't follow me."

She let us into the building and we made out as we waited for the elevator, then continued to make out as it took us to her floor. She took my hand when the doors opened and led me down the hall to her apartment, then unlocked the door and let us in. She locked the door behind us and we started to make out again while she pushed my coat off and I did the same with hers. With our coats on the floor inside the door, she started to unbutton my shirt, so I started to raise her blouse up. We pulled apart so that I could pull her blouse over her head, revealing a very sexy bra that barely contained her jiggling tits. She pushed my shirt down my arms before we started making out again and was raising my t-shirt up as I was still unbuttoning my shirt cuffs. We parted again as both shirts soon hit the floor and she reached immediately for my belt.

I reached for her pants, as well, and had them open and sliding toward her ankles just before she did the same with mine. I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants while looking her over in her bra and bikini panties. She had a nice, curvy figure and though her breasts weren't huge, they were probably above average. She also had great hair, long and brown and looking straight out of a shampoo commercial. She was looking me over, too, before she reached down to caress the bulge in my briefs.

"We gonna fuck right here inside the door?" I asked, even though we'd made it halfway across the living room as we'd been disrobing.

"Not when I've got a big, comfortable bed," she replied and turned toward what I assumed was the bedroom. Before she could get very far, I grabbed her hips as I admired her round, full ass and pulled her against my throbbing cock while kissing her neck and shoulder. I slipped my hands up to cup her tits and felt her hard nipples through the thin material of her bra. I moved one hand down over her stomach to the front of her panties, where I could feel the course texture of her bush, then slipped it inside. I found her slit to be overflowing with hot juices and immediately wanted to either be eating her or fucking her. I yanked her panties down, leaving her wearing only her bra, which she reached back to unfasten as she turned to face me while backing toward her bedroom.

My eyes were practically bugging out as her succulent tits, topped with large pink areolas and thick, hard nipples were revealed along with her trim, brown bush. I pushed my briefs down, releasing my throbbing tool and drawing her attention, then followed her. As we crossed the threshold into her bedroom, she hit a light switch which turned on the bedside lamp and, as we moved toward her bed, I heard a cell phone ring. I knew it wasn't mine so I looked up at her face but she was shaking her head, indicating that she had no intention of answering it.

We paused adjacent to her bed and I took her by the hips as we started to make out again while she reached for my throbbing tool. She pumped it a couple of times before pulling her mouth from mine.

"Lay down," she said, "I'm going to ride you."

I lay in the middle of her bed and she straddled me, guiding my cock to her pussy and sitting on it. Her pussy was incredibly wet and hot, though fairly snug as well, and felt absolutely amazing as it engulfed my cock. I barely registered her cell phone ringing again as I reached for her tits while she started to ride me. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh and brushed my palms over her hard nipples while savoring the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my cock. She was riding me slowly with her eyes closed and a big smile on her face. I noticed a minor tick as her phone started ringing again but she was able to brush it off and go right back to enjoying herself.

She had just started to pick up the pace a few minutes later as I was still fondling her tits when her doorbell rang. She pursed her lips, but never paused; she just continued to ride me harder and faster. When somebody started hammering on her door, however, that was the final straw. She opened her eyes and smiled down at me as she started to climb off of my tool.

"I'll be right back," she said, in an overly-pleasant tone that belied the anger in her eyes. I watched her ass as she walked briskly from the room then heard her slide the chain onto the door before opening it. I couldn't hear exactly what was being said, but it didn't sound pleasant. A heated discussion went on for a minute or two, before I heard her say "Fine!" followed by the door slamming and the chain being undone. I heard the door knob turned forcefully, then Megan appeared in the doorway again. Seeing that my cock had lost just a bit of its rigidity, she crawled up onto the end of the bed and wrapped her lips around it, pumping the base as she started to suck it. Seeing her naked coming through the door had been enough to revive the little bit of flagging that had occurred, but feeling her sucking me off had me as rigid as possible with just a few passes of her hot mouth.

I could hear somebody close the front door, lock it and slide the chain on again so I wondered who Megan had allowed into her apartment before coming back to join me in bed. She hadn't even bothered to close the bedroom door, which I could see just over her head, though I hadn't seen anyone through the doorway yet. She soon moved up to straddle me again and her pussy still felt amazing as it engulfed my tool once more, so she must have put whatever had happened out of her mind. We were about right back where we had been before being interrupted when Ann appeared from behind Megan and came up alongside of the bed. I was surprised to see her but Megan never even reacted to her presence.

Ann was thin with short blonde hair compared to Megan's curvy figure and long brown hair, but was equally attractive to me, so I suggested that she undress. She looked at Megan, who still didn't acknowledge her, then started to raise her sweater. Her boobs were on the smaller side but looked very perky and I could see her hard nipples pressing out through her bra cups. Once her sweater hit the floor, she started to open her jeans and was soon sliding them down her legs. She was appreciating my attention more now rather than being concerned about Megan ignoring her, so she turned around for me wearing just her bra and what turned out to be thong panties. Ann did have an outstanding ass and the thong only helped to accentuate that fact.

She reached for the front clasp of her bra after turning back to face me again and I found myself staring at her perky tits topped with small, pink areolas and hard, pointy nipples. By this point she had a big smile on her face since, even though my hands were all over Megan's tits and ass, my attention was truly on Ann. She started to slide her panties down, revealing a very trim dark blonde bush, which I immediately invited her to park on my face. Getting no response one way or another from Megan, she moved closer to the bed as I reached out a hand to stroke her pussy. She was overflowing with juices which I was anxious to lap up, so I further encouraged her up onto the bed. She straddled my head, facing away from Megan, as I gazed up at her approaching pussy.

As Megan continued to ride me harder and faster, I grabbed one of Ann's sweet ass cheeks in each of my hands and started to run my tongue up her slit. She let out a moan and gripped the headboard while I squeezed her ass and ate her pussy. Meanwhile, Megan's pussy was feeling even more incredible the longer she was riding me. It seemed to be getting even hotter and wetter, though it had already felt unbelievable from the moment I'd slipped into it. She was starting to get noisier, too, so it was obvious even though I was completely focused on eating Ann's pussy that Megan was nearing an orgasm.

I slipped a finger into Ann's pussy, finding it snug, hot and slippery much like Megan's, as I started to lick and suck her clit. Ann grabbed my head in one hand, holding it in place, while the other continued to grip the headboard. As Ann was subtly humping her pussy against my face, Megan suddenly slowed her pace dramatically and let out a long, low moan. I could feel Megan trembling as she came and her pussy felt even more outstanding. I could tell as Ann was starting to more consistently make noises that she was on her way to an orgasm as well but, before I could get her all the way there with my fingers and tongue, Megan suggested that she move back and ride my cock.

Whatever issue Megan initially had with Ann's arrival had apparently been forgotten because she climbed off my cock and moved around beside me while encouraging Ann to move backward. It seemed at first as though Ann was close enough to cumming that she had no interest in moving, but Megan quickly had her convinced and she started to move back on her knees. While initially disappointed about Ann's pussy moving farther away, I knew that it was going to feel awesome when it engulfed my still throbbing cock. My eyes roamed over her trim figure and perky tits as she smiled down at me and Megan held my cock for her. Megan's hair blocked my view of Ann's pussy as she lowered her head to help guide my cock there, but I reached up to caress Ann's tits while I waited. As Ann's pussy engulfed my tool, we both moaned.

Megan didn't raise her head once Ann started riding my cock and, based on the way she was moving, I was fairly confident that she was licking Ann's clit. Ann had her eyes cinched shut and was riding me pretty hard right away. She'd appeared to be pretty close to cumming while I'd been licking her clit, so it didn't surprise me that she was right on the verge again so quickly. Her pussy felt fantastic as she rode my cock and I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build, as well. I continued to fondle her small tits and hard nipples while also pushing my cock into her as deeply as I could, relishing the feel of her hot, slippery pussy. She was getting noisier the longer she rode me and let out a much louder cry as her body started to tremble. Her pussy was awash in additional lubrication, so I continued to fuck her as she came.

When she finally opened her eyes while trying to catch her breath, Megan raised her head and straightened up again to her knees. I let my hands drop down to Ann's upper thighs while I continued to fuck her and my gaze dropped to her trim blonde bush again. I looked back up when I saw Megan's hand go to Ann's tit as they started to kiss and I got the immediate impression that this wasn't a first for the two of them. After a minute or so, as my cock grew even more rigid while I watched them, Megan pulled back slightly and asked Ann if she was ready to suck some cock. Ann nodded with a big smile on her face, then they both looked at me.

"What do you think about that?" Megan asked.

"It sounds like a fabulous plan and I'm excited to be a part of it," I said enthusiastically. They both snickered as Ann climbed off of me and knelt on the opposite side from Megan. Both of their asses were basically pointed in my direction so, as they bent forward over my cock, I started to caress one with each hand. Megan had already had the opportunity to suck my cock, albeit briefly, so she had Ann go first and I couldn't help but moan as her hot mouth slid up and down my tool. After a minute or so, Megan took over and her mouth felt equally hot as she took a turn. While they were alternately sucking my cock, my hands were roaming over their asses and between their legs to stroke their dripping pussies.

My cock was swelling even more as the level of pleasure that I was feeling continued to build. They were both quite good when it came to cocksucking, so I was thoroughly enjoying each of their mouths as they traveled repeatedly up and down my tool. I wanted to prolong this experience for as long as possible while, simultaneously, I couldn't wait to shoot my load down one of their throats. I was trying to resist pushing my ass up off the bed, instead wanting to just lay there and let the two of them take care of everything, but it wasn't easy the closer I got to cumming. I wasn't sure who would end up with a mouthful of my cum as they continued to switch back and forth but, when I finally exploded, it was into Ann's hot and talented mouth. She quickly shared my bounty with Megan, who enjoyed a few spurts before passing me back to Ann. They continued to alternately nurse my cock until I was completely spent, then moved around to lie on either side of me.

"So I'm curious about the phone and the knocking and all that," I said as we lay there naked together.

"Ann figured out what was going on when we were back at the bar and I tried to deny it," Megan replied.

"I didn't care that she was planning to fuck you," Ann responded, "I just wanted her to share."

"So when you realized she'd left the bar, was your goal to get yourself invited to join in or to mess things up for her?" I asked.

"To get invited, absolutely," Ann replied, "It may not have been the most elegant approach, but it was clearly effective."

"And you're okay with how everything worked out?" I asked Megan.

"You fucked me good and made me cum," she said, "and I got to suck your cock so I'd say that, yeah, I'm happy with the way things turned out."

"You still haven't had your pussy eaten, though," I pointed out as I glanced down at her trim, brown bush while I caressed her tit, my arm around her shoulders.

"I have a feeling that you'll be taking care of that while Ann revives your cock," she replied.

"You okay with that?" I asked Ann as I fondled her tit. She nodded with a smile as she reached down and started to caress my cock.

"Well then," I concluded, "it looks like we've got a happy ending in more ways than one."