 Trina reached across the kitchen counter to grab another lemon. "So who wants another lemon drop?" Mike Laura and Lyn all raised their hands in the air without looking Trina's way, Brian shook his head no as he took another swig of his beer, and Ben raised his leg in the air from where he lay on the couch. "I'll take it that means you want one too honey?" She said with a slight grin on her face before she dabbed the newly cut lemons into sugar and then grabbed the bottle of vodka as she went back into the living room. This was somewhere around everyone's fourth shot for the evening with the exception of Brian who was none the less starting up his fourth beer, but he'd done a shot of firewater with everyone earlier between beer number two and three. 

The Truth or Dare game was going quite well. Trina's breasts were all but falling out of a folded over spandex top due to a dare she'd received earlier. Ben was down to his boxers and as he moved about, the opening in the front gave a very slight view of what was hidden inside. Mike had on just a shirt and a male thong due to Laura's earlier suggestion for a dare. Laura herself was now down to her bra and panties, but Mike lay in front so that his head and body covered most of the delicious view. Brian wore a sheet that was wrapped around the rest of him in the shape of a toga. It was assumed that he had taken everything else off as the earlier dare had requested. And Lyn sat on her knees with just a T-shirt to cover herself with. 

"Bottoms up!" Trina said as she took her shot of vodka and chased it with her sugared lemon. Everyone else followed suit. "Well I think it's your turn Laura. Truth or Dare?" 

Laura glanced in Trina's direction and then down at Mike who lay against her chest waiting for her to respond as well. "Well I suppose truth since I only have two more items left to take of and I'm sure Mike would love to help me do so if I should be dared to."

Ben took the initiative, "Alright, where is the kinkiest place you've ever had sex?" "Oh that's easy, on one of the platforms on stage during a play rehearsal. We had to be very quiet, which was the toughest part."

Everyone giggled. "Okay Brian, now you." Laura waited for a reply.

"Truth, lay it one me!" Brian seemed almost eager to spill his guts.

"Which female here would you like to fuck the most?" Laura's grin did not go unnoticed. Brian took a quick glance around the room. Lyn could only assume that he was trying to sum up each female or at least pretending to not know already. 

"They are each extremely fuckable," he stated noticing the happy smiles that were now creeping onto each female's mouth. 

"Flattery will get you anywhere and anything." Trina stated achieving eye contact with Brian as he looked specifically her way. 

"Well in that case Trina, because she seems eager enough that I won't ware her out after the first round." Brian smiled a proud smile assured in the knowledge that he had made the right choice, at least for the time being. Lyn was certain that he'd get a fuck from her later now for sure. 

Lyn glanced at Brian out of the corner of her eye and thought, 'you want to talk about fuckable.' "Mmmmmmm" 

Brian then turned to see Lyn's gaze. "And now you Lyn." Brian was grinning as though he'd heard her thought and now had collateral on her or something. 

Lyn took a quick breath, "Truth, I only have the shirt left." Brian turned toward her to look her straight in the eye.

"How many guys have you been with total?" In less than a second Lyn's heart sank. Being a virgin was something she was usually proud to announce, yet recently she'd reached an age where she felt horny so often and found herself developing new and improved fantasies of what she'd like to do with a few choice guys. She'd even contemplated getting bold enough to jump a guy and tell him he would be her fuck toy for the evening, but sadly Lyn was not very bold so she waited for the guys to make the first move. Oh she'd found a few guys to play with since her horny episodes had started. She'd sucked and jerked them off and allowed them to gratify her the same way, but she'd never gone any further with them although she'd seriously considered it with the last guy she'd played with. 

"You mean been with during sexual activities or for sex?" Lyn awaited her possible doom.

"Good old, down and dirty, sex my dear. How many?"

Lyn sighed. "None." 

"None?" Brian straightened up his back, but did not look away. "You've got to be kidding. How could you look so yummy and still be a virgin?" The out loud voicing of that 'V' word made Lyn shift uncomfortably. She suddenly wondered how a word so simple could go from being a term for prideful admiration to something that now seemed too vile to even mention. 

"Not even one thrust?" Ben was no longer lounging on the couch; he had sat up and was looking right at Lyn with renewed interest. Trina gave Ben a half slap to the chest as if to say, careful what you say she might be sensitive.

"No. Look you don't have to treat it like it's something horrible. Just because I'm a...virgin, it doesn't mean I don't have any sexual appetite or anything. I mean I have fantasies everyday, and practically all the time. Plus it's not like each of you were not at one time virgins as well. Of course I suppose now you're all gonna look at me differently, treat me like a china dish that could get broken. Great going Lyn, no more fun parties for you. Should I leave now or wait for the entire mood to be killed?" Lyn started to get up.

"I thought you were a virgin all along." Lyn turned to look at Laura who had removed herself from the mission of being Mike's personal pillow and was now kneeling on Lyn's right side. "We don't want you to leave Lyn, and I promise I will not treat you like a piece of fragile china, if you want to stay." Lyn caught herself glancing down at Laura's cleavage shot and lifted them to look Laura in the eye.

"I don't want to leave; I just figured that you would all think I was somehow no longer appropriate for this party. It seems whenever I tell some guy he gets all choked up and disappears." Laura brushed a strand of Lyn's hair behind her right ear.

"Well I can understand their not being sure if they should stay around," Brian chimed in and all the females turned to give him a look but he continued on as though he didn't notice at all, "I mean if they wanted to fuck you and they just discovered that you were a virgin that didn't want to be fucked...well they would have to remove themselves from the scene to keep from going mad." Brian reached out and touched Lyn's arm.

"And what makes you think that all virgins don't want to be fucked?" Lyn watched as the look of certainty, instead of Brian himself, disappeared. His light grip of support on her arm all but disappeared it was so gentle. "Is that such a huge surprise?"

"Well, actually yeah." Ben chimed in. "I mean usually if a girl has been able to remain a virgin till now she's not interested in losing it till say, after marriage."

"But that's not the case with everyone. I just took longer than most to realize I want sex, plus looking back I don't think there were many good choices laid out to me along the way. Good choices are essential to the first time sex mood after all." Lyn suddenly realized that she was now the center of attention of everyone and felt herself begin to blush. She heard a tiny noise and turned to look at Brian. Seeing a huge grin on his face she inquired. "What, what is it? Did I say something funny?"

"I was just wondering if you've found any good choices lately?" Brian then took a long glance up and down Lyn's form as though he were a dog sizing up a juicy looking slab of meat. 

Lyn started to grin herself now. "I've found a few likely candidates, but of course as horny as I can be I'd still like to remember my first time as being gentle and special, so he'd have to be willing to slow it down a bit and make it memorable, if you know what I mean." 

Brian smiled and then winked at her before he broke contact and turned to look at the others. "Well it's your turn then Lyn, choose your victim." Lyn wasn't sure if he meant choose a sex partner or choose the next person for a truth or dare question. So she opted for truth or dare just to be sure. 

"Alright, Trina truth or dare?" After Trina picked dare Lyn opted to have Trina do a lap dance for Brian. As tightly as his toga was wrapped it was clear he wouldn't be able to hide his excitement from everyone looking on. Lyn found herself staring more at his growing excitement then she had planned. Then as Trina was finishing Brian looked over at her and she blushed as she looked forward again. 

Trina then picked Mike who chose dare and was promptly instructed to take Laura into the bedroom and make her a much happier person then she even was already in five minutes or less. We began the timer as soon as the door was closed behind them. Delighted giggles started to emanate from Laura and we all smiled at each other. Ben took the moment to grab Trina's waist from behind and pull her into his lap for a kiss that quickly started to trail it's way down to her all but exposed boobs. Lyn was watching absentmindedly. Then without realizing it her throat let go of a slight moan. 

This is when she felt Brian's hand wrap around her waist from behind to the opposite side from where he sat. As she turned to look at him his other arm wrapped around her front and he scooted himself even closer. His mouth then quickly found hers and she immediately opened up for his tongue to enter and play with hers. She was leaning into the kiss now which caused her un-constricted boobs to brush against his chest. She was very aware that all that separated them was his toga sheet and her cotton T-shirt. She shifted her legs to be more comfortable and felt the T-shirt ride up her thigh. She had just started to have a fleeting thought about this when Brian's hand went down and began to caress her thigh driving the shirt even higher. She loved the feel of his hands on her skin.

Lyn broke off the kiss for a brief min to change position a little. She wanted to be closer, if that was possible. Now on her knees she was beginning to straddle Brian's knees, which were folded neatly beneath him. Just as she was getting happy with her new close position and was prepared to sit back down with her bare crotch against his she felt Brian's hands come to rest on her bare bottom. He was lifting her back up a little. Lyn was unsure why till she saw a clear look of want in his eyes before he bent his head to capture one of her tits, through her shirt, in his mouth. Lyn moaned lightly as he warmed the flesh there with his mouth and flicked her tit so delightfully with his tongue. 

Lyn felt her head falling back as he went for the second tit and repeated almost the same motion. His hands no longer had to lift her butt to keep her at a desirable height, so instead they started to slowly work their way up under her shirt leaving tender trails along her back. Lyn arched a bit as she relished in the feeling. Out of the corner of her eye Lyn noticed Trina and Ben. Ben was laying out flat with his legs out stretched and his hands held his upper body up to see Trina working on his cock below. Trina had clearly taken off his boxers and was on her knees with her head down low and her ass up in the air as she worked away on Ben. Her slinky top had been removed and her breasts were hanging down and slightly bouncing as she worked her mouth up and down Ben's shaft. Lyn felt herself even more aroused by the scene and hoped she'd get the chance to try that as well. 

Just then Brian caught Lyn looking over at the other couple and realized how turned on she was getting. He released her nipples and when Lyn's head swung back to see why he quickly removed her shirt and captured her mouth in a hungry kiss and slowly let her body fall backwards to the ground. Once she was flat on her back Brian trailed his tongue on a path down her neck and circled around each breast and then down over her belly then just before he reached her crotch he pulled back. Lyn was momentarily disappointed but looked up to see Brian untying his toga knot and then she smiled getting a first glimpse of his gorgeous bare chest. Once the toga was gone his right hand reached out to squeeze and stroke her breasts. Lyn arched her back, happy to be caressed there. Then his left hand found her crotch and Lyn felt herself melt as he started to flick her clit with his thumb. A sigh of pleasure escaped from her mouth and then she felt his finger slide along her moist trail and slowly enter her there. She moaned again, which he took as a good sign and began pumping her slowly with his finger. He did this for a few seconds till he felt her responding well, and then added a second finger to widen her a little more. He continued to go slowly until he had three fingers inside her pumping in and out. He then removed all three fingers and leaned forward slightly and placed himself at her entrance. Lyn could feel the head of his cock hovering over her very wet opening. She glanced up to smile at him. Brian leaned forward to whisper in her ear. "If you don't want this then tell me now." 

"I want you inside me, Brian." Lyn whispered back relishing in the moment. Brian then began to slowly enter her. She winced a little at the initial shock of being spread even further than the three fingers, but the pain soon subsided as he slowly pumped his cock just there at that spot, then sensing that Lyn was handling it better he drove his cock in a little deeper repeating the same slow pumping action. He continued to do this until he had worked himself almost the whole way in and then he began to pump a little harder. Lyn had felt her hymen break, but it wasn't as painful as she had thought it would be. Brian was so attentive to her facial expressions that any time she winced even a tiny bit he had known to take it slower till the pain had past. Now no more pain was there and Lyn was relishing in the feel of his cock filling her insides. She let herself go and started to pump her own hips up toward him. 

Lyn could now feel herself approaching an edge of orgasm and her breathing got faster and louder. Brian seemed to sense her orgasm coming on, and started to work himself in and out even faster. He wanted her first time to be very memorable. He had to concentrate really hard on something else to keep himself from getting close to the brink. She was so tight that it was very difficult to do so, but he wanted to try. Then Lyn felt herself explode over the edge. "Mmmmmm Ohhhhhhh!" Brian slowed his pumps down to a very slow pace as he worked himself back out of her. She laid there with her eyes closed looking quiet satiated and he couldn't help but grin. Once he'd removed himself completely he noticed Lyn's eyes opening again. "Thank you, that was fabulous." Lyn smiled and Brian leaned forward and gave her a long hard kiss.

"Looks like you guys had some fun there." Lyn and Brian broke off their kiss and glanced over to see Laura and Mike standing next to each other smiling very wide grins as they surveyed the scene. Trina and Ben had also stopped and were looking on with smiles as well. Lyn felt herself blush and was sure she looked bright red. "Oh, but we're sorry to interrupt." Mike's words did not go along with his facial expression. 

Trina then crawled towards them. Looks like you left him in quite a state, Lyn. Mind if I help him with that?" Lyn looked over to see Trina reaching out a hand to Brian's engorged cock. Lyn wasn't sure what to say to that, but luckily didn't have much chance to say anything before her mouth enveloped his cock for a taste. Mike and Laura sat down on the floor with everyone else and kissed softly. Trina released herself from his cock and turned to look at everyone. "Mmmm very tasty Lyn I had no idea, I might just have to try you later on too." Trina winked and then went back to Brian's cock.

Lyn looked over to see Laura going over to Ben and then Mike was suddenly squatting at Lyn's side. "If it's as tasty as Trina says then I want a try." With that Mike bent down and started to lick Lyn's clit. Lyn felt herself getting aroused again and spread her legs further apart. Mike wrapped his arms under and around her legs to hold them where he wanted them. Lyn sighed blissfully as he worked his way from her clit down to her entrance and then dove his tongue inside. Lyn glanced up to see Ben and Laura now in a 69 position. 

After a few moments of this Mike looked up again and crawled up to kiss Lyn. Then he lifted her upper body so that she was now sitting up and they glanced around the room. Laura was now on her hands and knees taking Brian from behind. Lyn wasn't sure when they'd switched partners, but she liked where this was going. Trina was kissing Brian as he pumped in and out of Laura. And Ben was placing himself on the floor beneath Laura so she could suck on him. Lyn suddenly got an urge to go over there, and decided to kneel at an angle next to Ben and stroked his balls while Laura sucked on his cock. Before she could think about it she was leaning forward to lick and alternate sucking Ben's cock with Laura. Lyn felt her backside being lifted into the air and then she felt Mike's cock sliding across the entrance to her slit. He slowly entered her, and Lyn didn't feel much pain from it any longer. Only a little soreness perhaps, but it quickly subsided. He pumped in and out for a short while and then pulled out. Lyn momentarily was surprised and stopped to turn and look back at him. 

Mike placed the head of his cock up against Lyn's rose bud. And looked at her waiting for her to tell him no, but instead Lyn just smiled, spread her legs a bit wider and went back to licking Ben's cock. Mike took this as a clear 'Go for it' sign and started to work his wet cock into Lyn's tight ass. Lyn moaned at first at the size of his cock. She'd used her toy at home for this several times to get off, but the size and feel of the toy at home could never compare to this. As Mike started to pump harder Lyn had to re-arrange where her hands were to brace her body from the force of the motion. She could feel her pussy dripping wet as it always did when she played anal activities at home. 

Lyn couldn't continue to suck on Ben's cock she was so lost in the wonderful bliss of Mike entering her ass. Pumping in and out of her again and again. She didn't realize that she had closed her eyes till she suddenly felt someone's tongue licking at her clit. She glanced around to her side to see Trina now lapping away at her pussy. Brian was just beginning to fuck Trina's hole. Lyn looked back forward to see Laura's smile as she leaned in to kiss Lyn. Their lips met and they began to tease each other with their tongues. 

Lyn could feel Mike's cock start to twitch inside of her and she decided to use her muscles to contract a bit to help him reach release. She was rewarded with a stream of hot cum that spilled into her bowels. Mike finally pulled out and Lyn rolled over onto her back, spent from the activity. Brian and Ben also both pulled out and started to pump their cocks. Trina took the initiative to begin sucking on each of their cocks in turn. Lyn broke away from Laura's mouth and started to stroke Laura's breasts. Laura almost instinctively moved herself further up and on top so Lyn could taste each of her tits. Lyn sucked on one tit and then the other, lightly biting at each and then gently suckling on each as well. Lyn's right hand went down to Laura's slit and she began to rub and flick Laura's clit, which provided tiny whimpers from Laura's sexy mouth. Just as she was getting ready to fit her finger into Laura's entrance Lyn instead felt something hard enter there instead and then a slight vibration. 
