 The dark room was full of bodies pressed closed together. Girls were held tightly to guys' chests while they danced, as if they were glued together. I held a red plastic cup up to my lips and scanned the room. Not that I could see much considering the only light source were a few flashing, colored bulbs in the corners. My eyes stopped, though, when they landed on a tall, extremely attractive body across the room. I felt confident that he couldn't see me, so I took a few seconds to check him out.

My eyes roamed up and down his body, taking in his appearance. He had slightly messy dark hair, but I knew it was actually styled to look that way. I couldn't see the color of his eyes, but they were framed by a square face and strong jawline. His lips were full, and when he smiled at the girl he was talking to, a row of perfectly straight, white teeth showed. He was easily four or five inches taller than me, and I was five foot nine, so that automatically made him more attractive. He was wearing a fitted black tee shirt that showed off the definition of his biceps. I sighed as I took in his arms. I had always been an arm girl. Continuing down, he was wearing a pair of dark wash jeans slung low on his hips. He looked absolutely delectable. I brought my eyes back to his face and saw that he was watching me. My cheeks instantly warmed; I had thought he wouldn't have noticed in the low lighting.

I quickly turned away and leaned against a wall, downing the rest of my drink in the process. Just looking at that man had turned me on, and I had started picturing what I wanted those lips to do to me.

Snap out of it, Ellie, I scolded myself. My eyes started scanning the area for my best friend, instead. Maybe I could find her and convince her to leave. When I turned around to look the other way, the attractive figure was standing right in front of me. I jumped, not expecting him to be there.

"Hello." Oh, that voice. I felt wetness between my thighs just at the sound of his deep, rumbling voice.

"Hi," I managed to squeak out.

"I'm Brent," he said and held out his hand.

"Ellie," I answered. His large hand enveloped mine and he shook it firmly. I couldn't help but notice the muscles in his forearms ripple under his skin as he did so.

"You must not come to these parties often. I'm sure I would've remembered someone as stunning as you." I was at a loss for words. This gorgeous specimen had just called me stunning, and I didn't know what to think. It wasn't as if I considered myself ugly; in fact I actually thought I was quite attractive. I was slender, but had a perky ass and size C boobs. I had long, blonde hair that hung to the middle of my back in soft waves, and my tanned skin set off light blue eyes.

"Uh, no, actually. I came with my best friend." I went to take another sip of my drink, forgetting I had already finished it.

"Do you need another?" Brent asked as he nodded towards my empty cup.

"Sure," I answered with a shrug. We turned towards the kitchen and I was surprised when he grabbed my hand to tow me along behind him. In the kitchen, he poured clear liquid into two cups and handed me one. I was about to say thank you when he started pulling me in the other direction and down a long hallway.

"It's quieter over here," he said, glancing back at me. In my gut, I knew exactly what he was trying to do, but I had no plans of stopping it. It had been way too long since I'd been with a guy. Brent opened a door at the end of the hall and walked in. After shutting the door behind us, he led me over to the middle of the room where a large, king sized bed sat. I took a seat on the plush comforter and took a sip of my drink, trying not to gag when I tasted straight vodka. It wasn't that I couldn't handle my alcohol, but I wasn't expecting the burn of the liquid as it went down my throat.

"So you've never been here before?" Brent asked. He walked around the bed toward a dresser on the opposite wall of the door. I watched as he dug through one of the drawers before remembering that he had asked me a question.

"Oh, no. I'm usually not that into parties, but I just finished finals and Quinn convinced me to come with her."

"You're best friend is Quinn?" he asked, turning around to look at me with an eyebrow raised.

"You know her?"

"Oh yeah, I know Quinn." Something about the way he said it sent a shiver down my spine. I knew Quinn came to this house a lot for parties, but she never really divulged any details about what happened. I had never cared that much to ask. When Brent turned back to face me, I was surprised to see a two ties in his hand.

"Has she told you about it?" he questioned, walking slowly towards the bed. He looked like he was stalking his prey and I had to stifle a moan. It was one of the most attractive things I'd ever seen, and in that moment I knew I would let him do whatever he wanted to me.

"Uh, no, not any details. Just that it's usually pretty fun." Though I was starting to put the pieces together.

"We like to think so." Brent set his cup down on the nightstand, then grabbed mine from my hands and did the same. He grabbed my hands and pulled me up so I was standing. The way he was looking at me made me weak in the knees, and I had to close my eyes and take a deep breath.

"Nervous?" he asked. I shook my head, opened my eyes, and watched him closely. His hands reached down to the hem of my flowy tank top, and I was so glad I had done laundry the day before and was wearing a matching lacy bra and underwear. He pulled the silky material over my head and I watched his eyes - which I had figured out were a piercing blue - roam over my body. He must've liked what he saw, because a smile spread across his lips. He tossed the fabric to the floor and then placed his large hands on my exposed waist. He pulled me so I was close to him and his mouth came crashing down on mine. There was no sweet, build up to the kiss. It was full of want as I opened my lips to allow his tongue to enter. He nipped my bottom lip and pulled, causing me to let out a moan. As quick as the kiss started, it was over. He pulled back and looked at me again. I couldn't help the pout that appeared on my face.

"Don't worry, we're far from done." He took a step back and pulled his own shirt over his head. I assumed that he had a nice body, but damn, he was gorgeous. He had well defined muscles that obviously came from long workouts in the gym. I let my eyes wander down his sculpted pecs to his six pack and down to the V that disappeared under his jeans. He stepped closer to me and wrapped his arms around my back to unlatch my bra. It fell to the floor at my feet and I kicked it to the side. He pulled one of my already erect nipples between his fingers and I rolled my head back and stifled a groan. I was sure I was dripping at this point, and I was excited to see what he had in store.

After twisting my nipple for a bit longer, he pushed me back until I sat on the bed.

"Lie back," he ordered. I did as he said and let my head fall against the layers of pillows. Brent picked up the ties from where he dropped them at the foot of the bed and told me to lift me wrists to the wrought iron headboard. I realized exactly what he was going to do and it sent a wave of pleasure through me. I had never been into the whole BDSM thing, but I definitely enjoyed rough sex. I like being played with and bossed around. When he felt that my wrists were well secured, he brought his lips to meet mine and we began our frantic movements. One hand came up to cup my breast and his thumb rubbed slowly across my nipple. He moved his lips down my jaw, to my ear, my collar bone. He continued kissing along my skin, leaving a trail of fire in his wake. He stopped when he reached my tits, and I thought I was going to have to beg, but he pulled a nipple into his mouth and sucked. I arched my back, trying to get more. I pulled my lower lip in between my teeth and moaned. I had never gotten so much pleasure from foreplay before.

Brent gave each of my nipples ample amounts of attention before moving his mouth to my stomach and continuing his journey downward. When he reached the top of my jeans, I was already panting, desperate to have his mouth where I needed it most. His movements were painfully slow as he unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down my legs. I was sure there was a damp spot on my underwear, and I hoped it turned him on.

Once my jeans were off, Brent pushed my legs apart and situated himself between my knees. He slowly ran a thumb up and down over my underwear, and I groaned.

"Just fucking do it!" I growled. He looked up at me and quirked up one of his eyebrows.

"Let's make one thing clear. I tell you what to do, not the other way around." The way he said it made me shiver, and all I could do was nod. He turned his attention back to the sweet spot between my legs and I tried to keep my mouth shut. When he finally pushed the fabric of my panties aside and ran a long finger down the length of my slit, I moaned, appreciating that he was finally giving me what I wanted.

The pleasure was quickly interrupted, however, as the door flung open. Brent and I both looked over, and I was surprised to see Quinn standing in the doorway. She stepped inside the room, shutting and locking the door behind her.

"There you are," she said. She looked between me and Brent, and a huge grin spread across her face. "You bitch, having all this fun without me." Before I even understood what was happening, she was undressing and walking over to the bed.

"Perfect timing, Quinn, I was just about to make Ellie here scream my name," Brent said. Quinn was in her bra and underwear and she crawled onto the bed, sitting next to me. She ran a delicate finger along my stomach.

"Is this okay?" she asked me. I looked into her light brown eyes. Even though I was straight, I had always thought she was extremely attractive. I'd be lying if I said I had never fantasized about her, so I nodded and gave her a small smile. Once she had my permission, she brought her lips to mine and kissed me tenderly. I could only appreciate it for a moment though, because Brent had pulled down my underwear and I could feel his tongue pop out and lick my clit. I moaned into Quinn's kiss and ground my hips down. Quinn moved to straddle me, taking off her bra in the process. She gave me a devilish smile before moving down to take a nipple between her teeth.

Meanwhile, Brent was sucking my clit into his mouth over and over. I wasn't sure how long I was going to last at this rate. While he had a hold of my sweet spot, he ran a finger down me and then shoved it inside, pumping quickly.

"Oh, fuck. Fuck yes," I practically yelled. He added a second finger, and began curling them every time he pumped them back into my pussy. Quinn kissed her way back to my jaw and then rolled over and off the bed. I was sad to lose the weight of her on top, but also in pure ecstasy at what Brent was doing to me.

"My turn," Quinn said. I looked up to see her pushing Brent out of the way. She moved between my legs and I felt her tongue move over the length of my slit. She instantly had two fingers moving in and out of me and I groaned. Brent moved the head of the bed and took off his jeans. I could see his erection straining against his tight briefs, and when he removed those it sprang up. He was bigger than I thought, and I licked my lips at the sight of him.

"Want a taste?" he asked. I nodded eagerly and he sat with his knees on either side of my ribcage. He held my head in his hands and moved the head of his dick around my lips. I opened my mouth willingly and he slid the length of himself in. I closed my lips around him and began moving up and down his long shaft. When he would pull back, I licked my tongue around his head. He began moving faster, and I could feel his cock hit the back of my throat with each thrust.

Quinn had added a third finger and brought her mouth down to my clit. My legs were starting to shake, and I could feel my orgasm building. Brent was maintaining his pace on my mouth, but I could his feel his muscles tensing and I knew he was about to come in my mouth. I worked harder, wanting to taste him. With one more hard thrust, I felt warm liquid fill my mouth and worked to lap it up. It didn't take long after that, especially with the way Quinn was pulling on my clit, for me to let go. Waves of pleasure crashed over me, and I felt myself tightening around my best friend's fingers.

"Holy fucking shit, I'm coming. Oh, God!" I cried out. At this point I didn't even care who heard me because I was in the middle of the most mind blowing orgasm I'd ever had.

Brent pulled himself out of my mouth and got off the bed. Quinn was rubbing slowly circles on my clit, causing me to tighten my muscles over and over. She finally stopped and looked up at me with a grin.

"I've wanted to do that for so long. You're sexy when you're coming." She crawled her way back up so she was lying next to me. I felt the restraints on my wrist loosen, and I dropped my hands, letting the blood flow back into my arms.

"I hope you don't think you're finished yet," Brent said as he moved to the foot of the bed.

"Please, give me more," I said. "I want you to fuck me." He wasted no time and grabbed my ankles to pull me farther down the bed. My legs were hanging off the end and my dripping pussy was in line with the edge of the bed.

"Remember, you asked for it you fucking whore." I couldn't even be shocked at the way he was talking to me. I felt the tip of cock rub against my sensitive opening. When I looked down, I was surprised to see that he had a full hard on again.

While he continued to tease me, Quinn maneuvered herself so her own cunt was hovered over my face.

"Alright, slut, I want you to eat this pussy," she told me. I was surprised, but eager as she lowered herself down and I tentatively lapped at her folds. I brought my hands up to push them aside and licked up the length of her slit. She moaned loudly and it turned me on. I wanted nothing more than to make my best friend come in my mouth. I moved quicker, sucking on her clit just has she had done to me, and teasing her opening with one of my fingers.

Brent was clearly ready to be inside me, because in an instant he shoved his length into my tight hole. He grunted as he started moving in and out. Each thrust left me feeling fuller than the last, and I was craving his hard dick pounding into me. I felt the pad of his thumb move to my clit, but my groan was muffled by Quinn's incredible pussy.

"You dirty slut, lick me like you mean it," Quinn said from above me. "I want to fucking come all over your face." She pushed her hips down, forcing me to take more of her. I pushed my tongue inside her and moved it quickly in and out. One of my hands moved around to her ass and I started rubbing my finger along her crack. I brought one finger to her soaking wet cunt and made sure to get it wet before sliding it into her tight little asshole.

"Oh, fuck, Ellie! Where did you learn that? It's fucking amazing!" She arched her back, reveling in the pleasure of having me fuck her in both holes at once. I moved my tongue in and out of her pussy while my finger quickly pumped her asshole. I could feel her muscles tensing and knew she was close.

Brent was grunting loudly at the foot of the bed, and I couldn't ignore the pleasure I was getting from his rock hard cock pounding me over and over. The noise of his balls slapping against me rang out in the room. I knew I was moaning, but it went unheard as Quinn ground down onto my mouth. After a few more seconds, I felt Quinn's wetness start to seep onto my face. I was shocked when I realized she was squirting, her juice gushing out and covering my lips. That was all it took for me, and my tight pussy clenched around Brent's cock. My back arched, and I grabbed the sheet next to me, clawing at it desperately.

He groaned, and I felt his hot semen for the second time as it filled me. He had a tight grip on my legs as he continued his pumping motion, but started to slow as he finished. Quinn moved off my face and brought her lips to mine. She twisted one of my nipples in her fingers, causing me to shake. Brent finally pulled out of me and I felt empty.

"God, Ellie, that was incredible. No one has ever made me come like that before," Quinn said when she pulled away to look at me. I looked at my best friend, loving what we had just shared. She grinned back at me.

"So, when's the next party?" I asked Brent. "If that's a standard activity, I'm never missing one again."