 This chapter concludes Ginny's current tale. She asks that you read "Ginny's Witnesses, Chs. 4-6," as preparation for her big finish, and to vote! Please! 

Part 1

"Ginny, why didn't you tell me Sam was coming?" asked JJ.

"Oh, you know, impulsive me!" I said, vapidly, trying to avoid the question. "You, yourself, told him we'd set him up in the film business if he came to the States. So, in one of my therapy sessions with Erica, she agreed that I should send him a plane ticket." 

Sam was one of the 20-year-old studs whom I'd enjoyed sexually when my widowed father-in-law, JJ, and I had vacationed on the Pacific island of Pohnpei several weeks before. Sam's ambition was to be a porn star. 

"I don't understand. Are you gonna take him on as a lover?" JJ asked.

"Of course not, JJ!" I replied emphatically. "But what if I did? You've got your toys!"

We'd brought back from Pohnpei a beautiful, 18-year-old, island girl, Luala, who'd been JJ's lover on vacation. Now employed as a nanny for my daughter, Andi – whom JJ had fathered three years before – Luala had continued her initial role. She had her own room in our big house, but in a few weeks had evolved into being his live-in mistress. Her enrollment as a freshman in the architectural program at the university – which he'd arranged – now seemed to be merely a smoke screen for his never-ending quest for young pussy, and I felt very threatened that the girl was upsetting my relatively secure life with him. 

"You're not gonna lecture me about Phaedra, too, are you?" he asked, sounding uncharacteristically guilty. 

"I don't lecture you! Ever!" I recoiled in my defense. "But you're fucking her, too...still...and we've finished the movie! Jeezus, the breathy phone messages...the dirty e-mails. And remember, JJ, since I do the laundry, I see the stains on your underwear!" 

Phaedra was a blonde, teenage ballerina who'd starred in a porno film JJ and I had just finished producing, and he'd been sexually smitten by her. My friend and sex therapist, Erica, and I had even hatched a scheme to short circuit the flings that my aging, philandering old man was having with she and Luala. The crux of the plan was to invite Sam-the-stud to the mainland to keep the girls "busy." Since we were also planning to produce other porn films, it seemed appropriate – though maybe a bit premature – to bring the young guy into the mix. 

The whole situation was like a soap opera. What made it even spicier was that my beautiful East Indian psychiatrist, Erica, had been hot for JJ forever, and wanted to restart a relationship with him that had lain dormant for years. And, given my bisexual forays – something that JJ's and my swinging lifestyle of the previous year or more had made habitual – I'd decided to share my old man with her for some fresh excitement.

"Your decision just seems so sudden," JJ said. "We usually talk things out. Where's Sam gonna stay? There's no room here, with Luala."

"We've still got the movie set apartment for a few weeks," I retorted. "In that time you should be able to get him a place in a student co-op."

And by that time, I thought privately, he'll be fucking the knickers off of both Luala and Phaedra. That'll get their attention off of you! Then, Erica and I will have you to ourselves, my horny old darling. 

JJ had been almost everything to me over the past six plus years: incestuous step-father-in-law, adulterous lover, father of my child, an enthusiastic participant in our swingers' club, and a lewd voyeur and photographer of me with multiple sex partners. Sadly yet realistically, I knew that we'd gone far beyond ever being totally faithful to one another. That was okay, though, since he was slowing down noticeably at age 55 and growing ever more dependent on Viagra.

"Well, we'd better come up with a film project for him," he said, "and an investor. I'm not gonna support a budding male porn actor just because you've taken a shine to him."

"I'm workin' on it, baby," I said. "Erica's helping me."

"That's another thing. You two women are getting awfully close," he said. "I thought she was just gonna be your therapist."

"She's also become a good friend, JJ. Remember? After vacation you suggested that she help me with my, uuh...'nympho' problems."

"Those aren't problems, Ginny. So you love sex! It's nobody's business but our own! Besides, it's one of the reasons we're inseparable!"

"Yeah...well...I could use a little more hands on evidence of that from you," I responded, critically. "Anyway, Sam arrives tomorrow. After I pick him up I'll move him into the movie set apartment."

JJ walked downstairs, grumbling, and I phoned my sweet friend Erica to tell her that our plan was in motion, and that I'd pick her up on the way to the airport...along with the blonde teenager, Phaedra.

The next day, Phaedra was more than willing to come with us to pick up Sam, given my sexy description of him. She'd dressed alluringly, as I knew she would, in a blue miniskirt that showed her fabulous legs, with three-inch heels, and a blue, sleeveless, cropped top with ridiculous pink bunnies on it that barely covered her tits. I didn't notice whether she was wearing panties – she usually didn't – but I figured Sam would soon find that out for himself.

I dressed in a snug, long-sleeved, Hunter green jumpsuit and low heels. It definitely showed my figure, but was understated, since I wanted this day to be Phaedra's. Erica wore a rust-colored pants and top outfit that contrasted beautifully with her mocha skin and accented her stunning breasts...her best bodily feature, except, perhaps, for her narrow, high butt. 

Sam was ecstatic to see me. Of course, I'd never seen him fully dressed, since on Pohnpei he'd only worn a hip-hugging sarong, or he'd been naked. But he looked wonderful...tall, brown, youthful and handsome, with his flashing white, toothy smile. He'd let his dyed-blond hair grow out to black, so his spiked haircut just had blond tips. He wore khaki pants, a loose, short-sleeved, flowered shirt that showed his yummy brown skin and – the only hint of his island home – a pair of raffia flip-flops on his strong, shapely feet. When he saw us at the gate, he ran to me and squeezed me, lifting me off the floor and twirling. He was so strong! My crotch immediately moistened in his embrace.

"Everybody says hello, Ginny!" he beamed, as we walked toward the baggage area. "The Chief, Anu and his buddies, Lulu, Teou and the gang...even the Dean!"

I shuddered as I remembered Teou and his friends, who'd gang banged me in a pool hall one afternoon when I was drunk and stoned during our island vacation. But my memory turned brighter as I remembered a few idyllic, sensuous afternoons with Anu, the Chief's son. Finally, I felt a wistful pang as I pictured Nick, the Dean of Sam's college, and the wonderful night we'd spent together. All of my recollections teemed with images of raw sex. 

"Well, are you ready to work?" I asked. "Phaedra, here, just finished a movie with us. I thought you two might want to share visions of your hopes and dreams," I said, a bit sarcastically.

And that they did. On the drive back from the airport, motor-mouthed Sam entranced the impressionable young blonde with tales of South Pacific island exploits and how he was now going to take the porn industry by storm. More than once I noticed Erica rolling her eyes at the young man's boasts.

We walked Sam through the furnished apartment where he'd be staying a couple of weeks and he was effusive in his praise. I knew for a fact that he'd never experienced such relative luxury, having spent a day with him in his shabby room on Pohnpei. I noticed that the apartment needed a few items; towels, bathroom supplies and refrigerator snacks, so I said, "Erica and I'll go shopping for a few things and be back in a while. You're coming to dinner at my place tonight, Sam, to talk business with JJ." As we started to leave I admonished them both tritely, "Don't do anything I wouldn't!"

Sitting on the living room sectional with the luscious Phaedra not far away, Sam said, "Oh, we'll find sumpn' ta talk about!" I'd already noticed his lengthy, half-hard member straining inside one pant leg.

Two hours later Erica and I returned with bags loaded with goodies. We both knew that, in our absence, the two hormone-crazed kids had probably made good use of the time. It seemed a fitting welcoming ceremony for Sam – and would whet Phaedra's sexual appetite for him – plus I wanted to bring him together with Luala at home in the evening...relatively sated. That meeting would require a bit more subtlety. Poor JJ! I thought. He wouldn't stand a chance with his two teenage nymphets after they got a taste of this young man's outrageous body. 

Our subterfuge had worked. Letting ourselves in quietly, we were immediately serenaded by Phaedra's sharp wailing and moaning as the two went at it in a nearby bedroom. "Did you bring my camera from the car?" I whispered, wanting to capture them in the act on film.

"Right here," she whispered back, pulling the Nikon from one of her bags and handing it to me. She was already halfway down the hallway, spurred on by her limitless voyeuristic curiosity. 

Like two little spying children, we peered around the doorframe and watched as Phaedra's limber white body was bent double, lying on her back with her ankles on either side of her shoulders. The head of the king size bed was against the far wall, under the window, which admitted the hot afternoon sun directly onto Sam's broad, dusky back. They couldn't see us, but we could see their fusing, as his massive brown, ten-inch cock plundered the clasping folds of the girl's pink pussy. Her entire upturned saddle was soaking with her juices as I clicked off a few shots of Sam railing her receptive insides.

"Ohh...ohh...ohh...ohh," she cried, with each of his full plunges. "You're...sooo...biiig...sooo, ohh, ohh, ohh...sooo...aah...aahh...aaahhh...yeeaahh...I'm...cu'...cu'ing...ag...agai...againnn!"

I could believe it. I got a bit wet between my legs as I watched the young girl take all of his slick, swollen probe, remembering my brief history with him while on vacation. 

"They are so beautiful," whispered Erica, "...the color of their skins...," remarking on the gorgeous contrast between their dark brown and fair white complexions. "They remind me of us, Ginny," she murmured, with a decidedly pointed reference to our recent lesbian encounters. 

"Good, baby. That's #4!" grunted Sam, triumphantly. "Now, on your knees! Wanna do ya like a dawg for #5!"

"Oooohhhh, Gaawwd, Sa-aamm...I'm wiped out...almost," groaned Phaedra, as she flipped over onto her chest, with her fabulous ballerina's ass arching into the air. "Uuuunn-uuunngghh!" she exhaled, as Sam sank his meaty prick into her to his balls. "Oh, shit!" she then shrieked as she caught a glimpse of Erica and me snapping photos of them in the doorway.

"Ginny!" said Sam in a hearty, welcoming voice. "This one's gooood, baby! Reminds me of you! So tight!" he exclaimed, while slapping his thighs against Phaedra's in counterpoint to her passionate, girlish cries.

"Just shut up, Sam!" I admonished, a bit embarrassed. "Get #5, cum for the camera, and we'll be ready for tonight," I said, like the bossy film director I wanted to be. 

Phaedra had done one porno film for us, and Sam's video'd action by me on vacation, made it so that our presence was nothing new to them. As a result, the two kids went after one another like minks while I snapped away...and Erica – bless her little voyeur's heart – got so close to the action that I thought she was on the verge of participating. 

Knowing the camera was on him, Sam decided to engage in some grandstanding moves. Picking up Phaedra and lying on his back, he impaled her on his massive meat so I could shoot the meshing of their wet organs. Her cries of "Ohh...ohh...ohh...ohhh," were punctuated by the plop, plop, plop, plop of their youthful loins slapping together. As the girl's mouth twisted in ecstasy and her hands plucked away at her erect, hot pink nipples, I discovered that I was wet between my legs and a thin film of perspiration had covered my forehead. My body was obviously remembering the joy that Sam had brought me as a horny tourist slut who'd developed "island fever" a few weeks before. I was witnessing fucking that I obviously wanted to replicate with him again, regardless of my protests to the contrary with JJ. 

Of course, my agenda – and that of Erica – had evolved well beyond that. So, I took more pictures and awaited the moment that Sam would grace us all with a magnificent cum shot, with my friend Erica poised on the bed, not a foot away from the action. 

"Cum, Sam," I ordered, revisiting the role I'd played on Pohnpei during his screen testing.

"Ohh...Gawd, yesss...pleeze," panted Phaedra, as her little body was repeatedly brought down onto his staff by his hands on her hips. "It's...too...much...ahh...ahh...ahh...ahh."

"Ready...Ginny?" gasped Sam. He knew that I wanted to photograph his always copious ejaculation.

"Ready, Sam," I muttered, focusing on the juncture of his brown cock as it entered Phaedra's pink labia.

"Okay...yeah...yeah...yeah," he growled, and pulled from Phaedra's vulva to reveal the excited, pulsing majesty of his cock. It stood just in front of her crotch and spasmed twice, which – for some reason – caused Erica to grasp it at its base and slide her hand upward to his glans. With her manual movement came a huge spout of cum that snaked up Phaedra's body to leave a track from her chin to her navel. Another slippery, sliding grasp of my friend's long tan fingers brought more, which spewed outward toward her as I clicked away with the camera. 

I was shaking with excitement at the fact that my East Indian friend – an M.D. and Ph.D. psychiatrist – was jerking off a 20-year-old boy whom she'd met only a few hours earlier. I continued shooting pictures, and captured Phaedra hopping off and quickly capping his erupting penis with her mouth. This caused him immediately to bellow, "Aaaghh...aaaghh...aaaghh," as more and more of his load poured into her mouth, then her throat, since she'd taken him nearly to his pubic hair. They stayed that way for some moments, as I watched the muscles in her bulging neck milk his meaty tube of its hot, liquid contents. By the time the girl and Sam had finished their sudden fellative contact, she'd collapsed to the side, moaning from exhaustion. 

"I can't imagine what came over me," confessed Erica, whispering, as she rose from the bed. As she walked toward me I noticed a generous dollop of Sam's cum on her face of which she was unaware. I stood up on tiptoe and gave her soft cheek an open-mouthed kiss, sucking the still-warm blob into my mouth. She looked at me tenderly as I privately savored the taste of the island youth's seed without her knowing it. 

While we were in the living room and the kids were cleaning up in the apartment's two separate bathrooms, I giggled to her. "I'm pleased that it's not just me who reacts the way you did. Now you see why I thought Sam might be an answer to our problems."

"He's truly something," she admitted. "If only I were a dozen years younger...".

"That has nothing to do with it. You think JJ asks these teenage chickies for their birth certificate?"

At that point Phaedra emerged from her bathroom. "I heard you mention Jay's name. Sorry, Ginny, but I can't make it for dinner tonight. I'm trashed!"

I decided not to correct her presumption. Only Sam had been invited, not she. "'S'alright, sweetie. I'll drop you off an' maybe Sam can see you in a few days." Tonight, I'd be pairing the young man up with Luala. "Where is our golden boy, anyway?" I asked, as he walked into the living room with a broad grin on his face.

After a brief, no-win try at hitting on Erica, Sam quieted down as I dropped her off at her place, then left Phaedra on her uncle's doorstep. After that, with just the two of us in the car, he started his flirtatious rap with me. "Yer lookin' awful good, Ginny. Still got yer tan. Remember yer great ass 'n' dyn-o-mite legs! Haven't been able ta getcha outta my mind since ya left!"

"Why, thank you, Sam. I'm flattered. But what I really want is for you to pay some attention to Luala."

"She won't gimme the time o' day," he lamented.

"She might now. Talk to her...in the native language. She's homesick, and her heart's still on Pohnpei."

"But she's always put me down. Hates my rap. Ya' think she'll gimme some?" he asked, hopefully.

"Maybe not tonight," I said. "But...she's worth waiting for, Sam," I said, patting him on his muscular thigh. "Take it slowly. She can't hold out forever!"

He grabbed my hand and pulled, trying to put it on his crotch, whispering, "C'mon, Ginny...les' play a little...for ol' times' sake!"

"That's enough, Sam!" I flared. "This is my home! With my lover and my daughter! There'll be no grab ass going on! You're to treat me as the lady of the house. Nothing more!"

"Ye-ess, m'am!" he said, apologetically, as we coasted into the driveway.

Sam had listened well. Immediately bonding again with my daughter, Andi, he was charming and had Luala – as well as JJ – beaming within minutes. JJ drank several cocktails as he talked with Sam about movie ideas. They came up with one – a film about surfers – that became the topic of conversation throughout dinner. As the meal wore on, I noticed that Luala was unmistakably warming toward her fellow Pohnpeian. Periodically they'd exchange a muted – under the breath – native word or phrase that made her smile, flush and her almond eyes gleam. He spoke of the college, the new murals he'd painted on the gym there, and all of it seemed to elevate him in her eyes. At dinner's end, she invited him to help her put Andi down for the night.

"Nice boy," said JJ as we finished up in the kitchen, with him finishing his wine.

"Yeah. When you have time, tell me more about this surfing flick you're planning."

"Jus' another fuck film, Gin," he said. "He's got the look, the discipline and the equipment. And he works cheap!" he slurred, staggering against the counter. "Wow! I'm gonna crash!" he slurred, as he caught himself. "Drank too much, I guess. Better go to bed. 'Night, hon...see ya in the morning." 

As he disappeared down the stairway to our bedroom, I realized that I'd have to drive Sam home myself. A few minutes later the young man came up the stairs asking, "Well, was I a good boy? Didn't curse once! Jay and I came up with a movie...'cept I'm scared of the water and can't surf! An' downstairs just now, Luala even gave me a kiss!...well, a little peck on the cheek!...then she went to bed."

"That's progress, studly!" I encouraged. "You told me that she'd cross the street to get away from you, every time she saw you on Pohnpei!" 

"Yeah," he said, pensively. "Oh, by the way, thanks for settin' me up with Phaedra today. She's a great piece o' ass!"

"Sam! We're not on Pohnpei anymore! I'm Ginny, but I'm the lady of the house, remember?" I barked.

"Mmm, sorry," he said, genuinely, I thought. "Never had ta watch my language before."

"Now, I've got to drive you home. JJ's drunk. I'll go down and check on him and be right back, then we'll leave, okay?"

I went downstairs, covered JJ, since he'd fallen asleep face down and clothed on the bed. I also kissed my sleeping daughter and returned to the upstairs. There'd be no sexual play for JJ with Luala on this night, I thought, cunningly. 

"Gawd, you live in one of the most beautiful places on earth!" Sam exclaimed a few minutes later, as we drove along the winding road at the crest of the hills that looked over the city lights and on to the ocean. 
