 It was early Sunday evening, and the sky was a potent shade of orange. A cool wind blew in from the backwoods. Herbert 'Herbie' Peaburg lay in the hammock between two oak trees in his backyard. Miss Carpenter had just that moment climbed in with him, and now lay facedown, her body pressed against the left side of his bare chest, her red silk blouse stretched out over her breasts.

"If someone sees me here, Mr Peaburg, I hate to think what the consequences might be".

"Didn't y'hear what ah just said?" replied Herbie, "Aint nobody can see us here 'cept Lindy an' the girls".

"And Mrs Peaburg? She doesn't mind us...?"

"You know how hot Lindy is for you. Shit, she'd be in here with us if she weren't doing them chores!"

With his right hand, Herbie finished off his can of beer, and ran his left hand across Miss Carpenter's rear. "I should really go home soon," she said, "but..." She didn't speak another word, and instead let her hand crawl towards the top button on Herbie's jeans. She could already see the bulge in his crotch growing bigger and angrier under the old fabric. Unbuttoning the fly, she forced her fingers between the denim folds, and came out with Herbie's gargantuan cock in her hand. 

"Do you know, Mr Peaburg, I think you have the most beautiful... magnificent penis?"

Herbie threw his empty can on the ground, close to the spot where Miss Carpenter had left her shoes, and wiped his lips with the back of his hand. "Ah think you may o' mentioned that once or twice. Still, can't say ah ever get tired o' hearin' it"

She ran her fingers up and down the absurd length of Herbie's shaft, which was becoming taller and firmer with every stroke. Her fingers caressed its canyons; the ragged wrinkles and veins that ran up to the head. She seemed unsure of her next move. "Why, I should take you into class tomorrow morning" she said, "give my girls a sort of lesson on male anatomy".

At that point, Miss Carpenter was startled to hear another woman's voice there in the garden; "Oooh-wow, that'd be so hot". Herbie and Miss Carpenter looked around to see Lindy, Herbie's young wife, stood barefoot a few feet away from the hammock, her hands on her hips, her raven-black hair tied up in a bun.

"Well hey, honey-tits" said Herbie, "why dontcha jump in here and join us?" In what seemed like a single bound, Lindy leapt from the grass and into the hammock, and positioned herself along Herbie's right side. With great expertise, she took hold of Herbie's cock with one hand, and run her other hand through Miss Carpenter's hair.

"You mean what you said, Missy? You wanna take mah Herb into the schoolhouse and show 'em all his cock and everything?"

"Well, I was just... erm"

"Oh my lord, that would be so hot"

"I honestly can't do that, Mrs Peaburg. If one of my girls went home and told their parents we had a naked man in class, I don't think I'd be able to teach again".

Herbie took his wife's side. "Naw, you forget this is Gunxville. Folks round here can turn a blind eye to 'most anything. Y'all remember what happened with Annie at your daddy's church".

The three of them laughed at the memory of it. "My dad still thinks Annie had the Holy Spirit in her that morning", said Miss Carpenter.

"The holy spirit, huh? Gee, ah ain't ever heard it called that before"

The two women continued to tease Herbie's cock, sitting up in the hammock so that they could use two hands each. The two long-limbed women, with their tan complexions, stood out in stark contrast to Herbie's huge white gut.

"I wouldn't think my girls would be all that receptive," said Miss Carpenter, "a lot of them are what you'd call strait-laced. You know, bible scholars and the like".

Herbie shook his head. "Some o' them girls is only two or three years younger 'n you, Missy". Quick as a flash, he slid his hand down the back of Miss Carpenter's skirt, and into her panties. "Not all o' them is a frigid as you was at that age". With that, he shot his thick thumb into her asshole, causing her to let out a single surprised yelp. 

Lindy laughed at her. "Aw, come on, it'll make me so fucking hot to see Herb butt naked in front o' all them girls".

Herbie agreed, "you know how she gets off watchin' me with other women".

"But two of your daughters are in my class".

Herbie had begun rocking his fat fingers in and out of Miss Carpenter's pussy, with his thumb still up her ass. "Well, ah guess Fiona and Annie'll have a nice surprise waiting for 'em tomorrow morning".

"Tomorrow morning?!" she shrieked, half startled by Herbie's idea, half roused by his probing fingers, "I... I can't...No!"

"You could tell 'em it's a biology lesson or somethin," said Herbie, "Lindy could watch the whole thing from back in the supply closet".

Lindy had now unbuttoned Miss Carpenter's blouse, slipped her hand into her bra, and was massaging her nipple. "Oh yeah," Lindy said, "ah could rub mahself off without no one knowing ah was there".

With Herbie fondling her intimate areas, and Lindy caressing her breasts, Miss Carpenter was heading to a state of pure pleasure, yet she still had her wits about her. "No", she said, "absolutely no way".

Lindy and Herbie's eyes met, and, without speaking a word to each other, they set out a plan to bring Miss Carpenter around to their way of thinking.

Lindy climbed out of the hammock, and ran around to the other side. She took off Miss Carpenter's blouse before she had time to protest, then her bra, and then her skirt. Lindy leaned in to Miss Caprenter's face. "You gonna ride Herbie's cock now, Missy", she said, kissing her slowly on the lips.

Trying the squat down over a man-mountain like Herbie was difficult at the best of times, but the swaying hammock made Miss Carpenter's task even harder. Even after the many times she'd had sex with Herbie, she still had a glimmer of fear and trepidation in her eyes as she lowered herself onto his cock. To watch her lips opened to their widest possible limits was truly an extraordinary sight. She shuddered and gritted her teeth as the cock began to disappear inside her. 

At first, Herbie was gentle with her, making very slight up-and-down thrusting motions. Beads of sweat ran down her forehead. She whimpered like an injured animal. Having his elephantine cock within her was enough to redefine her ideas of pleasure and pain even before he began making any movements. Miss Carpenter knew the drill though. Within minutes, Herbie was slamming in and out of her at breakneck speed; his giant hands gripping into her hips and taut stomach muscles, him tossing her up and down like a rag doll. Her long dark hair opened like a chocolate-colored mane around her. Her whimpers had turned into full blood-curdling screams. 

Through the fog of wild ecstasy, Miss Carpenter felt herself rocking from side to side. Trying to regain her senses, she looked down to see Lindy pushing the hammock with both hands. 

"You like mah husband?" Lindy asked.

"Oh yes, I love your husband very much".

"Tell him"

"I love you, Mr Peaburg", Miss Carpenter wailed, "I love you so, so much"

"Tell him why you love him".

"I love you because I worship you", she said, tears running down her cheeks, "I worship your penis".

Lindy gave the hammock an almighty shove. "Whaddaya love more? That penis or your job at the schoolhouse?"

"The penis, the penis, the penis"

"So you're gonna let us come into your class tomorrow?"

"Yes!"

"And Herbie's gonna get butt naked in front o' all your girls?"

"Yes! Yes!"

"And your gonna help him take the girls to the front of the class and fuck 'em? Fuck 'em real hard?"

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yeeees!"

Miss Carpenter's breasts jiggled wildly from side to side. Lindy stood watching them, hynotised by their motion. "Beautiful", she said.