 It was only a few days after my recent trip to Florida and I was having trouble thinking about anything else. Images of Amber's naked body had become commonplace players in my mind over the last six months, but now I also had the image of her not only sucking and fucking two utter strangers on a beach but the memory that she had come to enjoy it with a pure animalistic pleasure. The desire to call Amber and arrange a meeting was constantly burning in the back of my brain, but she was still married, and I reminded myself that I had to respect the limitations inherent in our situation.

My job was such that I was able to work when I saw fit, but the work still had to be done and piled up in my absence. I now had quite a backlog to attend to, and was staying late in the office, well after everyone else had gone for the day. I was getting very little done by this point, though. I realized I was now too tired to resist the insistent memories of Amber's wild beach performance enough to get any work done.

As I shut off my computer monitor, I heard the unmistakable sounds of the janitorial service in the outer office. I smiled to myself a little then when I caught myself wondering which cleaning woman was out there. I was truly incorrigible, I told myself, but that didn't stop me from getting up from my desk, crossing the office and opening the door to check. 

I found myself greeted by the spectacle of a nice, tight butt thrust into the air not five feet in front of me. As I admired the view, and took the time to imagine the long legs, each with some nicely decorative tattoos, that I knew were concealed under the woman's sweatpants, I was aware of the fact that the light in my office had been clearly visible through the frosted glass of my door. I knew a staged presentation when I saw one. I said nothing as the woman finished changing my secretary's garbage, and waited until she stood up, shook out her long black hair with the red highlights and turned to look at me over her shoulder.

"Hi, Helen," I smiled. "How've you been?" I was leaning against the door frame with my arms crossed.

"Good," she answered with a smile. "Did you have fun in Florida?"

"Of course," I nodded. "Did you have fun while I was away?"

"Oh, I usually find a way to have fun," she winked. Her suggestive smile was putting my already revved-up libido into overdrive. She was a willowy young woman. Her slender frame made her look taller than she was, which was a few inches shorter than me. 

"Now, that I believe," I said. She was all flesh, bone, muscle and tattoos, and attitude. Well, at least she had that attitude as soon as she and I were alone in the same room. This, unfortunately, had never happened for more than a few moments of idle banter as I was leaving for the night after a day such as this had been. Still, we'd exchanged names and enough flirtatious banter to establish a very nice playful chemistry. 

She made a show of continuing to do her job. I knew that the company she worked for normally sent two workers (usually Helen and a much more demure Latina woman named Christina) to clean the offices in our six storey building, and that each of them took a floor at a time. I made no effort whatsoever to pretend that I was doing anything but watching Helen. I was trying to think of something clever to say when she asked, "You're going to stay a while tonight?"

"Well, I'd hate to be in your way," I smirked.

She stopped and looked me directly in the eye and said, "I might like you in my way."

"Likewise," I nodded.

She started to go back to work and then stopped, looking back at me with a cocked eyebrow and a mischievous smile, "Are you just going to stand there and watch me?"

"I was seriously considering it."

"You're not going to get much work done that way."

"I can live with that."

"Well, did you consider my feelings about it?" she laughed. "I might feel guilty about distracting you."

I laughed, "I doubt that very much!"

She thought about it for a couple of seconds and then said, "Well, maybe I should clean your office first, then."

I was way past working out the logic behind this idea and just nodded and stepped back out of the doorway. Later I would remember that she didn't bother to bring any cleaning equipment, not even a dusting cloth, but for now I simply turned and took a few steps back toward my desk. I stopped as I heard her close my office door behind her. Turning around, I saw her standing there smiling at me. She reached down, crossing her arms, and took hold of her T-shirt's hem and lifting it up, peeling her shirt off in one fluid motion. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her firm, small breasts were capped off with tiny erect, reddish brown nipples. 

I let my gaze admire her naked skin as she kicked off her sneakers and then moved toward me. There was a very brief moment when she was standing in front of me looking up at me with a playful glimmer in her gray eyes. I moved my hands up to hold her waist as she reached up and grabbed my head in both hands. She pulled my face down to hers and kissed me violently. Her tongue thrust into my mouth aggressively while she pushed me back toward my desk. 

My hands held on to her muscular sides as I returned her avid kiss in kind. I moved one hand up to take some of her dark mane in my fist and held her mouth to mine as securely as she was holding my head. She then moved her left hand to hold the back of my head while the right dropped down to grab for the now very hard item in my pants. I responded by reaching up to squeeze one of her delectable tits in my hand.

After several wonderfully long minutes of this, she shoved back away from me, gave me a wickedly sexy grin, and then dropped to her knees in front of me. In what must have been record time, Helen had my pants undone and shoved down, my naked cock in her hands. She looked up at me as she began to kiss and stroke it. She wasted little time in preliminaries, though, and was soon taking the entire length into her mouth and down her throat, sucking on it voraciously. Her enthusiasm encouraging me, I held her head gently but firmly in both hands and soon it wasn't at all clear who was setting the pace as my cock fucked her mouth and she sucked me with abandon.

Between all my recent memories and fantasies of Amber, and the heat of this unexpected encounter with Helen, not to mention the vigorous blowjob, it wasn't at all surprising that I soon felt my orgasm building with an undeniable force. I leaned backward against my desk and thrust my cock forward into Helen's eager mouth, as the explosion overwhelmed my body. I felt my cock swell as my balls tightened and then the surging, pulsing flood of cum shooting out of me. I heard Helen murmuring further encouragement as I pumped spasm after spasm into her mouth and down her throat. 

Slowly I caught my breath and felt my pulse returning to normal. 

"Wow!" I breathed to myself. 

I felt Helen slowly letting my cock slide out of her mouth then kissing it, before she said, "Mmmm, that was good!"

"It sure looked like it!" said a third voice from the open door of my office.

I snapped to sudden clarity and saw Amber standing in the doorway. She was wearing a long, heavy coat, and seemed to be quite amused at catching me with my penis in another woman's mouth. 

With the luxury of hindsight it is tempting to say that I was trying to sort out whether I should be concerned about a jealous reaction, defensive about the fact that Amber and I certainly did not have an exclusive relationship, or any number of possible alternatives. The truth, however, is that I was too shocked too do much more than be surprised. Although I'd told her where I worked, Amber had never, as far as I knew at that point, even considered visiting me there. Of course, she managed to pick the perfect moment to arrive.

I looked at Amber, with a comical expression on my face I'm sure, and she looked back at me with a wry expression. It was Helen who broke the silence...

Still kneeling in front of me, she looked over her shoulder and cheerfully said, "Hi, I'm Helen."

"Hello Helen. Nice to meet you," Amber laughed a little.

"Helen, this is Amber," I offered, making an attempt to regain my savoir faire. 

While clutching my cock in her left hand, Helen stood up and extended her right. Grinning from ear to ear, Amber stepped into the office and took Helen's hand. 

"Well, don't let me interrupt you," Amber smiled mischievously. She then sat down in one of the leather chairs in front of my desk, not two feet from Helen and me. She crossed her long, muscular legs and, as her overcoat parted, I saw that they were bare, aside from her stylish boots. 

Then my attention was drawn back to Helen, who turned back to me with a smirk and said, "The lady wants a show."

"So I gather," I smiled back at her, as she proceeded to unbutton my shirt, following the opening with her lips on my chest. She seemed to be completely at ease with Amber watching. I ran my hands up and down Helen's back and watched for any indication that Amber was doing anything but enjoying herself.

Once my shirt was completely undone, Helen stood in front of me and began to kiss my neck as she shoved the shirt back over my shoulders and down my arms. I shuddered a little as the sensations of her lips and teeth on my skin sent shivers through my body. Seeing Amber smile at my reaction, I decided to go for broke. When my shirt was off, I took Helen's head in my hands again and kissed her, deeply and passionately. She responded immediately, returning my kiss enthusiastically and pulling on my already re-hardened cock, which had somehow gotten into her hand again. My hands moved down to her back again, and then slipped into her sweatpants. I squeezed her ass tightly, which elicited a moan from the bottom of Helen's throat.

Breaking the kiss, I took Helen by her slender hips and turned her around in front of me, but pulled her back, so she was snug against me. My cock was pressed up against the top of her butt and the small of her back. I pulled her hair back and to the left, both so that I could see Amber watching us and so that I could lean down and kiss the side of Helen's neck. Helen sighed as I worked my way along her neck to her ear with my lips, teeth and tongue. My hands, meanwhile, caressed her taut belly and moved up to cup her firm breasts. Glancing up, I noticed that Amber was watching my hands and Helen's face raptly. One of Amber's hands was slowly unbuttoning her coat.

I pinched both of Helen's nipples simultaneously and gave them each a little twist. This drew a gasp from Helen and caused a reddening of Amber's cheeks. Beginning to feel mischievous on my own, I said, "Doesn't she have pretty tits, Amber? And they feel so good in my hands."

Amber smiled but said nothing.

I then moved my right hand slowly down over Helen's stomach and slipped it into the front of her sweatpants, and then under the soft thin fabric of her thong panties. I continued my narrative, "She's completely bare, baby, just like you."

I went back to kissing Helen's neck as my fingers caressed her outer lips, gently pressing on them. Helen reached around between us to find my cock again and squeeze it. I continued to squeeze and tease her left breast as my fingers parted her lips and stroked between them.

Helen moaned louder, and I reported, "She's already very wet."

Raising my head a bit, I saw that not only was Amber's coat now open and she was wearing nothing underneath it, but that she had one hand between her legs touching herself... idly, for the moment. The other hand was holding her left breast, in probably unconscious mimicry of what she was watching.

The tips of my index and middle fingers dipped into the mouth of Helen's pussy and then moved up to smear her slippery juice over her clit. Her whole body stiffened against me, and she gave my cock a vigorous squeeze. Working my fingers back and forth over her clit for a moment, I concentrated on feeling Helen's reactions against me. As she pressed back into me, I moved my fingertips down to her pussy again and slowly pushed my middle finger up inside her. She moved her legs apart a bit to give me easier access. 

"I think she's enjoying this," I whispered to Helen, in a voice loud enough for Amber to easily hear. Amber was now sitting in the chair obviously stroking her clit in front of us while squeezing on her own tit.

"She's not the only one," Helen replied. I chuckled as I worked my finger deeper inside her. 

I moved the length of my finger in and out of her very hot, very wet pussy. I eventually took the whole finger out and began to push both it and my ring finger back into her, the heel of my hand pressed against her clit all the time.

As I filled her up, Helen groaned loudly and reached across with her left hand to grip my forearm, which was running down across her abdomen. Amber also let out a moan as she pushed two of her own fingers up inside herself. 

Once I had my fingers all the way inside Helen's pussy, I slowly began to rock my hand against her, both sliding my fingers in and out of her and rubbing the heel and palm of my hand against her clit. While I fucked her like this with my fingers and hand, I continued to pinch and tease her left nipple and to kiss and lightly bite at her neck and ear. Helen responded to all of this by leaning back entirely against me, her arm and her hold on my cock pinned between us, and laying her head back on my left shoulder. She slowly rocked her hips in time with the flexing of my wrist. Amber was watching Helen and me intently as she alternated between fingering herself and stroking her clit.

Soon I felt Helen pulling and squeezing on my cock more intently, then she was pressing back harder against me, and I felt her nails digging into my forearm. "Oh, god!" she breathed. 

I kept fucking my fingers in and out of her steadily as she tensed. I saw Amber watching Helen even more closely. Then, Helen let out a wordless cry and I felt her pussy clenching down on my fingers, milking them, as she came in my arms. I felt her body shuddering against mine while I savored the moment. I gently withdrew my fingers from Helen. 

As Helen slowly came down, Amber began to whimper quietly. Helen and I watched as Amber bit her lip and began to shake with a long, intense orgasm. 

"God, she's beautiful!" Helen murmured in my ear.

"And she tastes as good as she looks," I said in a suggestive whisper.

Helen looked over her shoulder at me. We grinned at each other, and hurriedly, though carefully, disentangled ourselves. Helen promptly sank to her knees between Amber's outstretched feet. I noticed that at some point Amber had taken off her boots and shrugged herself out of her coat, which was now a blanket covering the chair she was lounging upon. Amber was still a bit dazed from her orgasm, but snapped back to full alertness when Helen ran her hands up along her legs. 

Amber looked down at Helen, up at me, and then smiled back down at Helen, who proceeded to begin slowly kissing her way up along the insides of Amber's thighs. With an interested, curious gleam in her eyes, Amber watched the woman between her legs. There was a cheerful smile on her lips, and then she closed her eyes as Helen leaned forward and kissed her pussy. 

I couldn't see exactly what Helen was doing, but I was quite happy to watch the two women for a while. Amber was squeezing and caressing her own breasts. Helen's dark hair was draped all over her muscular, tattooed back, and her hands were holding on to Amber's muscular thighs. 

I then realized I was standing there with my pants down around my knees. As quietly as I could, I bent over and took off my shoes and socks and got rid of my pants and underwear. This left only Helen with any clothes on, and I thought that was just not right. I got down on my knees behind her and tugged her sweats and thong down over her butt, pausing long enough to lean in and kiss that perfect ass. She didn't stop her oral work on Amber for a second, but she managed to lift each leg in turn so I could get her clothes off her. 

Once we were all naked, I turned my attention back to the two women. Amber was now watching Helen between her legs, and had reached down to run her fingers through Helen's hair. Helen in turn had taken her right hand and was using it to augment the work she was doing with her lips and tongue. The image of these two exquisite bodies, both so perfectly feminine and so very different, was simply intense. 

Moving around to Amber's left side, I ran my right hand up along her arm, and caressed her thigh with my left. She smiled at me as my fingers reached her face. I smiled back and traced my fingertips over her lips. She flicked her tongue out and tasted Helen on them. I let her suck my middle finger into her mouth, grinning at the playful eroticism of the moment. To return the gesture, I leaned down and kissed her left nipple and then sucked it into my mouth. Amber moaned loudly at this and arched her back a bit, pushing her tits up toward me while making sure not to pull away from Helen. 

I continued to suck and lick her nipple for a moment, reaching down to run the fingers of my left hand through Helen's hair too. Then I felt Amber reaching down to grab my hard cock in her hand. I thought it was just an unconscious gesture, until she yanked on it and I realized she was trying to get my attention. Looking up, I saw her intently looking from me to Helen. I smiled stupidly at her and nodded. Amber almost laughed at me, but managed to say, "Lover, I want to see you fuck her while she's licking me."

Helen added an enthusiastic "Mmm-hmm!" and I managed to stifle a loud, "Oh!"

I quickly got around behind Helen's upturned ass and took a moment to caress and squeeze it. The combination of the smooth, soft skin and the strong muscles beneath was wonderful to the touch. I reached down to run my fingers over her slit. She was still quite wet. I stroked her clit a little while my thumb slipped up inside her pussy. Helen pushed herself back in my direction, clearly wanting more than fingers inside her. 

I took the hard shaft of my cock in hand and rubbed the fat head of it up and down between her lips, toying with her clit for the briefest moment before pushing it slowly into her. Helen moaned as I slowly filled her up. Her pussy was very hot and tight, squeezing my cock with exquisite strength. 

I looked up over Helen's back, her dark hair where her face was nestled up against Amber's pussy, Amber's belly and beautiful tits, and saw Amber looking back at me with eyes ablaze with lust and glazed over with mounting passion. I smiled up at my lover, held on to Helen's thin waist with both hands and slowly began to fuck in and out of her. I was in no hurry to do anything but enjoy the feeling of being inside her. 

Amber watched avidly. As I pushed forward Helen was pressed a bit into Amber's pussy and clit. With each thrust I saw Amber shudder. Soon I was fucking Helen harder, shoving her forward into Amber, and Amber was almost yelling, "Yes! Fuck her! Fuck her!" 

Helen was shoving back into me as well, and seemed to be lapping and sucking at Amber's clit with abandon. Then Amber clenched all over as she came with a loud cry. Helen and I slowed to almost stillness as Amber shook and moaned her fingers tangled in Helen's hair. 

There was a long moment of quiet as Amber lay back on the chair catching her breath. 

Then, suddenly Amber both sat up and scooted forward off her chair to land on her butt on the floor. Helen rose up to let Amber do so, but couldn't get too far away thanks to being impaled upon my stiff cock. Amber caught Helen's face in her hands and pulled it to her, kissing her abruptly and deeply. 

The two women spent several long minutes making out, while I knelt there with my cock deep inside Helen and loving every bit of it. Slowly Amber pushed Helen back, forcing her back, so that she could kiss and suck on Helen's neck and then breasts. I was kneeling back on my haunches with Helen essentially kneeling/sitting back against me on my lap, while Amber knelt before us, running her hands over Helen's body and sucking on her tits. I felt Amber's fingertips brush against the underside of my cock as she reached Helen's clit and began to play with it.
