 "I'm sure glad we traded RV's," Jan sat in the passenger seat of the new motorhome and was setting up the GPS and laptop computer for the trip, "If Bob and Sherry are going to be staying overnight we'll sure be glad for the extra room."

"Hey," Mike looked at Jan with a grin, "the old Class-C had a queen-size bed too."

"You know what I mean." Jan didn't even look up from the screen as she brought the map up.

"I know," Mike glanced over his shoulder at the roominess of the new 35'

Class-A they'd just bought, "it did get fairly crowded with more than just us in it."

"Ok!" Jan smiled as she succeeded in setting the program in motion for the trip. "Ready to officially begin the trip now?"

As she finished she slipped the Willie Nelson CD into the player and began "On the Road Again" which was their customary way to begin each new adventure, and each trip was always a new adventure for them.

"Wonder how much they've changed?" Mike spoke after the song ended and Jan had turned off the player.

"They looked pretty much the same in the pic they sent." Jan paused a second then added. "Just a little older, but then we are all a bit older."

"I thought Bob looked good," Mike immediately responded, "and looks like he's lost some weight. And Sherry's just the same cute little tomboy she always was."

"Yea, she is cute isn't she?" Jan smiled remembering Sherry from years ago. "She really looks more like a cute, feminine boy than a woman."

Sherry was a black lady but with quite a bit of Native American blood giving her skin an almost copper glow. She was only about 5' 1" or so and slender. She'd always been fairly flat on top, which made her look boyish when she was younger, but now her picture showed that her hips had filled out making her look even better than before.

"And Bob did look good." Jan's thoughts went back to Bob. "And he has lost weight but he wasn't exactly fat before."

"I wasn't insinuating that he was fat before," Mike sounded a bit defensive, "I just meant that he was slimmer now. Guess he doesn't work out with the weights as much."

Bob had been a large young black man. Very athletic and not at all fat. He could have been quite intimidating to people at 6'4" if it wasn't for his friendly personality and built in smile. Both he and Sherry looked better in a way than they'd looked in their twenties when the two couples had been friends before. A touch of gray in their hair was really the only signs of aging. Like Mike and Jan, they'd aged quite well.

"Have you been thinking about that night?" Mike gave Jan a serious look.

"Yea, sure, some." Jan answered. "Have you?"

"A lot..., a whole lot." Mike didn't hesitate to answer.

"Really now," Jan grinned at Mike's reaction, "just what part of that night has your memory banks on overload anyway? Sherry must have really done something special..., huh?"

"Sherry's sweet, and a lot of fun," Mike glanced at Jan as he drove, "and I did enjoy her that night. But the memory that has always been my favorite was watching Bob fucking you."

"You've said that before," Jan looked thoughtful, "and until the last couple of years I never really understood it. But, I can understand how watching me could have turned you on now."

"And, not only watching you and Bob, but actually taking his cock in my hand and putting it in you." Mike looked at his beautiful wife. "That was just so neat."

"You didn't even suspect back then that you'd like to play with it yourself, did you?"

"No, really didn't," Mike thought of how much he and Jan had learned about each other and themselves over the past years, "wonder if Bob wanted me to?"

"Well, he sure didn't get upset when you grabbed him." 

"Sure, but who would when they're fixing to get their cock placed in a nice wet pussy of a great looking gal? And especially when he was sucking on your fantastic tits. I think he was hypnotized by your tits actually and didn't even notice me doing it."

"You know, I've always thought that my breasts might have been his main attraction too." Jan grinned. "As much as he loved Sherry he'd made several comments before that night how nice he thought my body was. And, each time he was looking at my chest." Jan laughed.

"Well, what ever his motivation was," Mike shrugged his shoulders, "I certainly enjoyed putting his nice hard cock into your wet pussy."

"I still can't believe that you and Sherry just sat there watching us?" Jan remembered. "I felt really self-conscious at first, but it sure didn't take Bob long to make me forget you two were even in the room."

"Man," Mike nodded his head, "it was so hot. It was obvious that you two had been wanting to do that for a long time, and to watch you..., well it was hot. But, you know, I really felt like I didn't do Sherry justice that night."

"We talked about it a little afterwards," Jan reached over and tapped Mike's arm consolingly, "Sherry really enjoyed herself with you Mike. She told me that she wanted to watch Bob and I too and thought it was sweet of you to wait 'till he and I finished."

"Really?" Mike was surprised. "You never told me that before."

"I know," Jan confessed, "I was afraid to mention it because I might have to have also said that they wanted to do it again. And..., I really didn't."

"Well, probably just as well." Mike smiled warmly at Jan, "we were too young and too insecure with our own relationship to continue that then."

"Thanks for understanding," Jan thought a second then added, "but I did want to do it again, I just felt too jealous of you with Sherry and too guilty about it all."

"Well, we did the right thing." Mike sounded confident. "And, it's not like we decided to never do it again, we just decided to wait." Mike hesitated then finished. "Till now. And, this time I'm going to enjoy Sherry the way I should have back then."

"And," Jan leaned over and kissed Mike on the ear, "I'm going to fuck Bob's brains out right in front of you and Sherry and enjoy it."

"Hey, you suppose he'll let me put it in again?" 

"I'll make sure he doesn't object Babe," Jan thought a second then added, "in fact, I'll insist on it. I might even ask you to lick us while we're fucking."

"Oh wow, works for me..., really works for me."

The trip was nice as usual. It took two days instead of the usual three to drive from Florida to Oklahoma and Jan became excited for the millionth time when she saw the Wichita Mountains in the distance as they drove north on the turnpike towards Lawton. They found a campsite near Mt. Scott and had things set up in no time. They then took the tow vehicle and made their customary ascent of Mt. Scott.

"It's always so beautiful up here." Jan was leaning further over the rail of the lookout than Mike liked.

"Sure is sweetie," Mike changed his tone slightly when he added, "be careful, not so close to the edge."

"Oh, you're such a worrier," Jan teased, "for a guy who's made hundreds of parachute jumps how can you be so afraid of heights?"

"Well, it don't have to make sense," Mike used his Oklahoma colloquialism to answer, "It's just the way it is."

"Well, I'm enjoying the view, so just relax." Jan continued to lean over and feel the breeze in her long auburn hair.

"Yea," Mike reached out to Jan and lifted her lightweight wrap-around skirt up, "me too. The view is really great."

"Hey!" Jan turned around quickly and surveyed the area. "There might be kids around."

"Naw," Mike grinned as he stepped closer to Jan and pulled her close by placing his hands on her firm ass, "I checked first."

Mike kissed Jan passionately while kneading her ass with his hands and pressing his groin into her, allowing her to feel his hardening cock through his jeans.

"Well, they could show up unexpectedly," Jan spoke as she broke the long kiss, "so let's save this for later." She reached between them and patted the bulge in Mike's jeans.

"Hey, look down there," Mike pointed down to the town below. It was starting to get late and as twilight was arriving the lights in the small town were coming on, "Do you suppose that place, with all the lights, is the restaurant we heard about?"

"Might be," Jan looked in the direction Mike was pointing, "and isn't the lake pretty?"

"Really!" Mike looked to his left where Jan was looking. "The lights reflecting off the water is neat. Amazing how this little town is growing isn't it?"

"Yea, in a way I wish it wasn't," Jan remembered how it used to be a place you seldom had to share areas with other people, "but the restaurant is sounding pretty good right now."

They drove back down just as it was getting dark and the gate was ready to be closed for the night. After the long drive of the day, and a very nice meal at the new restaurant, it didn't take the couple long to fall asleep back in their new motorhome.

"Want breakfast this morning?" Jan looked a little sleepy-eyed as she came out of the bedroom.

"I don't think so Hon." Mike was on the computer in the passenger seat up front. "Bob and Sherry are supposed to be here fairly early," Mike got up and went to the kitchen to fix Jan's coffee as he spoke, "and I thought we might just wait and see if they want to join us."

"Oh, they've probably already eaten." Jan responded in a still groggy voice.

"Well, whatever you want's fine with me," Mike handed Jan her coffee, "but I don't mind even skipping this morning."

"Ok with me," Jan smiled, "guess I'd better hurry and get showered and dressed." Jan looked at the clock on the counter. "Didn't realize how late it was already."

Jan then noticed that Mike was already dressed and wondered how he'd managed to shower, shave, and dress without waking her or their little dog up.

"Well, I'd better get on the ball," Jan finished the last of her cup of coffee and headed to the bedroom. "I'm not going to want anymore coffee so you can turn it off if you want to."

Jan looked fabulous. Mike always admired the way she could get ready so quickly. Most women took hours and never looked as good as Jan could look in twenty minutes. Jan hadn't made it to the living room before they heard a horn beep outside.

"Hey, they're here." Mike spoke as he headed to the door of the coach. He stepped out and was almost to the car before Bob was completely out.

"Well damn it's good to see you Bob." Mike put out his hand and helped Bob up out of their can as they shook. Then, when Bob was standing completely up Mike pulled him closer and gave him a hug.

"You too Mike," Bob responded warmly and hugged Mike back, "where's Jan?"

"Right behind Mike." Jan had heard as she came out the door and went directly to where Mike and Bob were standing. "Move over lover," Jan playfully pushed Mike aside, "it's my turn to hug this good looking hunk."

Mike grinned and quickly made his way around the front of the couple's car to meet Sherry who was just getting out. "And hello to you cutie."

"Well hi Mike," Sherry spoke softly as she stepped quickly to meet Mike, "You look really great!" Sherry quietly spoke in Mike's ear as they hugged tightly. "Really great!"

"Damn, so do you Sherry," Mike whispered back, "and you feel great too."

"Look behind you Mike," Sherry leaned away and nodded towards their spouses.

Mike turned around and saw that Bob and Jan were still tightly embraced and sharing a rather passionate kiss.

"That's sexy," Sherry mumbled to herself as much as to Mike, "Bob's sure been looking forward to this.

"I agree Sherry," Mike looked away from the other couple and back at Sherry's pretty face, "but so have I." Mike kissed Sherry lightly on the lips. "So have I." Then he once again kissed her lips and this time Sherry responded very passionately.

"Ok you two," Jan tapped Mike on the shoulder, "My turn."

Mike and Sherry broke their kiss and Mike, looking a little sheepish, stepped aside to allow Jan to hug Sherry.

"I'm jealous Sherry," Jan leaned back after their hug and looked at Sherry's slim figure. "How do you keep your girlish figure anyway?"

"Well, girl," Sherry reached over and without touching outlined Jan's breasts and hips with her hands, "I'd trade bodies with you in a heartbeat!"

"Hey, you two are welcomed to share your bodies with each other." Bob grinned extra big as he spoke from where he and Mike had been admiring their wives together.

"Really!" Mike added quickly. "We'd be happy to watch."

"Not this girl." Sherry was quick to counter. "Just not that type guys."

"Me either fellas," Jan joined Sherry in the sentiment, "so just calm yourselves down."

Jan and Sherry both laughed together, and maybe were both a bit relieved that they had the same inclinations along that line.

"But, we'll sure watch you two together," Jan couldn't resist testing that water at this opportunity, "I am the type that'd enjoy that."

"Not this man." Bob mimicked his wife's earlier statement.

"Now Bob," Sherry chided her husband in the fun of the moment, "that's not what you've hinted at before."

"Hey," Mike noticed Bob's blushing black face and felt a little empathy, "we all have our secret fantasies now...," Mike paused and gave Bob a moment to relax then continued, "just 'cause you gals are completely straight doesn't mean that Bob and I have to be."

Mike then put his arm around Bob's shoulder and pulled him closer. "What-cha think big guy? Want to give these gals a show?" He quickly removed his arm, laughed, and changed the subject. "Anyone want to go get breakfast?"

"Thanks Babe." Mike spoke quietly to Jan when they went into the motorhome to get their jackets before heading out for breakfast.

"For what?" Jan asked looking sincerely puzzled.

"For breaking the ice with Bob," Mike looked at Jan for her reaction, "think Sherry was serious about his fantasy?"

"Sure sounded like it to me Babe." Jan elbowed Mike jokingly, "but me first."

"Absolutely!" Mike hugged Jan just before they opened the door to leave. "I think Sherry can keep me occupied plenty well. She does look good doesn't she?"

"Really!" Jan tiptoed and gave Mike a quick kiss on the lips. "Enjoy her sweetheart."

The morning was spent with a lot of catching up on what everyone had been doing for the past 25 years. Along with quite a bit of flirting when opportunities permitted. The sexual tension was growing steadily with each hour together.

"Anyone for lunch?" Mike had glanced at his watch and noticed that it was already nearly 2:00. "Man, time flies when you're having fun..., especially with such good friends."

"I'm sure ready to nibble on something," Bob was looking directly at Jan as he spoke, "and I hope I don't seem too forward," Bob looked at Mike, then at his wife for approval before looking back at Jan and continuing, "but I'm about ready to go back to your camp and take a tour of your nice motorhome."

"You're certainly not too forward for me." Jan spoke directly to Bob. "And, I'd love to give you a very personal tour."

"Hey, don't expect us to be the holdbacks." Sherry blurted out and grabbing Mike's arm pulled him towards the car and into the back seat with her.

For the first time that morning Sherry and Mike were in the back and Jan had gotten into the front with Bob. They weren't that far from the camp, but as soon as they were in the back seat Sherry reached over and began to rub Mike's hardening cock through his jeans. Mike, in turn, ran his hand up under Sherry's skirt and felt her wet panties with delight. He explored her smooth skin and bristly pubic hairs around the edges of her panties and watched as he knew that Jan and Bob were in similar contact in the front seat. He and Sherry watched, both knowing that the other was also as turned on to what was happening in the front seat as what they were doing themselves.

"No..., not here," Sherry whispered to Mike as his finger attempted to work it's way under her panties to her naked pussy, "let's save that 'till we get to the motorhome..., you think Bob's fingering Jan Mike?"

"Sure does look like it," Mike was staring straight ahead just like Sherry was, "by the look on her face, that I sure know well, I'd say his finger is quite wet."

Bob's finger was indeed quite wet. He'd had a very delightful surprise to find that Jan was naked under her dress. He had no difficulty at all finding her clitoris and, wetting his finger from her slit, bringing Jan close to her first climax already..., right there in the car.

And Jan had not had difficulty getting to Bob's cock either. It seems that Bob had anticipated the situation and unzipped his trousers before getting into the car. Bob's cock felt so wonderfully large and hard in Jan's delicate hand. And his large fingers felt so fantastic on her swollen clitoris then inside her wet pussy.

"Good!" Jan proclaimed as they pulled in front of the motorhome. "Nobody's camped close..., let's go."

Jan reached across Bob and opened the driver's door. She then practically pushed Bob out while never releasing his cock.

"Hey you two...," Mike saw then getting out and Bob's erect cock in Jan's hand, "what if someone's watching?"

"They'll have to look fast then," Jan said over her shoulder as she quickly let Bob by the cock the few steps to the motorhomes door and reached up to open the door.

"Well, hold on," Mike laughed at his own unintentional pun then continued the now obvious to Jan, "I've got the key."

Mike quickly got out with Sherry right behind and, glancing down at Jan's hand on Bob's cock close up, unlocked the door and stepped back for the first couple to go in. As Jan and Bob climbed the second step Mike was within a foot of Jan's pretty hand and Bob's nice cock.

"Looks really good doesn't it?" Mike heard Sherry's voice behind him at the same time he felt her small, firm tits press into his back allowing her to get a closer look at their spouses too.

"Yes indeed." Mike now fully realized how much he and Sherry had in common. "Yes indeed!"

As soon as Bob and Jan entered the living room they began to undress each other. With hands, lips, and tongues exploring each other as the fabric came off.

"Help me close some curtains Sherry." 

Mike went straight to the large front window and pulled the full curtain too. Sherry quickly understood and began shutting other open curtains until the two of them had the motorhome completely private.

"Let's get undressed too." Sherry was already starting to remove her blouse as she spoke to Mike.

"Sounds good to me Sherry." Mike took little time to remove his shirt, jeans, and underwear and had a seat on the couch where he could watch Jan and Bob still standing, now nude, caressing each other and kissing.

Sherry finished taking her last item, her panties, off and sat down beside Mike and took his hard cock in her small hand and began to masturbate him while she watched her husband and Jan make out a few feet in front of her.

Mike reached over with one hand and began to feel and explore Sherry's small, firm tits and lightly pinch her hard nipples. With his other hand he found her, now naked and wet, pussy and began to slowly finger Sherry.

Mike and Sherry continued to masturbate each other while Bob and Jan took turns going down on their knees and sucking each other. It wasn't long before Jan had Bob down on the floor and was on top of him sucking his nice large cock while fucking her wet pussy into his face. Mike and Sherry could see Bob's large tongue licking Jan's pussy slowly and deliberately and just as Jan experienced her first obvious orgasm Sherry climbed up on the couch and sat down on Mike's cock taking it smoothly into her hot, wet little pussy. 

Bob, rolled Jan over and quickly turned around and mounted her from the top. His cock slid easily into her very ready pussy and he began a steady long fuck. Jan wrapped her legs around his back and pulled him deeper with each thrust by digging her heels into his back.
