 NOTE: This story follows immediately after the events of Chapter 6. In fact, the first part of this one probably should have appeared at the end of that one. Sorry about that.

*******

After the amateur contest was over, Amber was surrounded by enthusiastic admirers, all offering to buy her drinks at the very least. She reported that one fairly inebriated guy proposed marriage. After a little bit of this, though, Amber's new friend, the staggering and statuesque Sable, took her by the arm and cleared a way through the throng. The two women made their way over to where I was sitting, watching everything. As soon as she laid eyes on me, Amber leapt into my lap, throwing her arms around my neck and kissing my face and neck enthusiastically.

"I won!" she crowed, grinning from ear to ear. 

"Did you have any doubt?" I laughed.

Amber grabbed my face in her hands and kissed me hard and deep. "Thank you so much!" she said intently.

Sable leaned in close to us, her face only an inch from Amber's, and said, "I have to work for another half hour. You two don't go anywhere!"

Amber's eyes were alight with passion and lust as she replied, "Don't dawdle!"

Sable kissed Amber on the cheek and gave me a wink, then turned away and stalked off toward one of the stages. I watched her muscular ass go.

Amber snuggled up against me and said, "She's so fucking hot, isn't she?"

"She's pretty amazing, but you're the one who just got this whole place worked up," I smiled, kissing her neck. 

"Including you," she grinned as her hand groped my hard cock through my slacks.

"Well, that goes without saying," I laughed.

Sable took the stage and we watched her lithe, ebony form seduce the crowd. Her long, taut limbs and phenomenal ass were the object of veritable worship for all the hormone crazed men in the audience, of which I was in no way excepted! Amber and I watched as Sable's haughty gaze swept the audience, only rarely favoring some lucky penitent with a dazzling smile. 

All the while, Amber's hand continued to make mischief in my lap. I returned the favor by running my hand up the inside of her thigh, where I began to play with her through the thin fabric of her thong. After a very short bit of this, Amber sprang up out of my lap and grabbed my hand. Without a word of explanation she dragged me out of my seat, and pulled me toward the door.

"Sable said..." I protested weakly.

"We'll be right back!" she snapped. Then, passing the guy at the door, she told him, "Tell Sable we'll be right back."

I think he was laughing as I was jerked past him out into the parking lot.

Amber stopped then and looked around for a moment. Then I was being pulled off to the right, toward the rear corner of the club. Here, at the back of the club, beyond a not-terribly-imposing bush, was a picnic table – top smoothed by several thick coats of paint – where the club staff apparently took occasional breaks. There was a small section of the parking lot back there as well, with about 20 cars parked in it. A light towered over the area, bathing it in a blue-white light. There were a few guys hanging out and talking over by the cars. Amber paid no attention to most of these details. Instead, she dragged me over toward the picnic table, and pulled me to her for a savage kiss.

Her tongue was in my mouth, her teeth were biting my lower lip, and her hands were undoing my pants – all at once. Of course, it wasn't like I was resisting. I was actually squeezing her ass and backing her against the picnic table. I was vaguely aware that we were in plain view of the men in the parking lot, but by then Amber had my cock out and was pulling and twisting it.

I took Amber by the waist, lifted her up and sat her down on the edge of the table. I thought I would take the time to remove her g-string, but she wasn't that patient. Without breaking our fervent kissing, Amber reached down and pulled the thin strip of fabric to the side, and then pressed my stiff, horny cock against her very wet pussy. Not needing any further encouragement, I pushed myself into her. She was as hot and tight as I had ever known her. 

Knowing she was in no mood for teasing, I shoved hard up into her, impaling her on my thick shaft and grinding my lower body against her enflamed clit. Her hands squeezed my ass, and her whimper escaped between our lips. I drew back and drove forward again. Somehow I was aware that the talking in the parking lot had stopped and the men were edging closer.

I pulled back from Amber enough that I could look into her face as I fucked her roughly on that now creaking picnic table. She bit her own lip and looked back at me with feral lust blazing in her eyes. My body was slamming up against hers and she was nodding with each thrust, silently saying, "Yes, fuck me just like that."

She fell back, leaning back on the table with her arms behind her. I held on to her narrow, muscular waist as I thrust in and out of her pussy. Her legs were wrapped around me, her ankles crossed at the small of my back. I saw her glance to the side where there were now at least a dozen dumb-struck guys watching, and then she closed her eyes as her orgasm hit. She threw her head back and let out an inarticulate moan. I felt her pussy clenching and pulling at my cock and her entire body was shaking. 

"God, I needed that!" she breathed. Then she looked at the guys in the "audience," before looking back at me and saying in a much louder voice, "But what I really need is for you to fill my pussy with your cum."

"Oh, really?" I chuckled, as I pulled my cock out of her pussy. Matching her volume, I said, "Then turn around so I can fuck you from behind."

With something like glee, Amber hopped off the table and turned around to face it. She reached behind to lift her skirt up for me. I swear she looked over and grinned at the guys watching. Then, I pushed the g-string aside again and roughly shoved my cock into her waiting pussy. She groaned with obvious pleasure and threw her hands out in front of her to grasp the table for support.

I proceeded to fuck her with enthusiastic abandon. I noticed that she would occasionally look over to see the guys watching us, and this would be followed by a very vocal encouragement for me to fuck her "harder – faster!" Being the focus of attention was clearly no small turn on for Amber, and she wasn't the only one!

Knowing that we were putting on a show somehow elevated the sex ... ok, well, not to art, but to something more than even our normally amazing sex. I looked down at Amber's perfect ass, listened to her calling out and groaning with passion, felt her pussy, so hot, wet and tight around me, and it wasn't long at all before I felt my orgasm building quickly. My fingers tightened on Amber's waist, and I thrust even harder into her. The table creaked forward. Amber began to moan and I felt that wonderful clenching of her muscles wrapped around my sex. Then I was coming. It felt like it went on for minutes, as my body clenched and a torrent of cum erupted through my cock into her. I heard both of us groaning out, rather theatrically, as we came and came.

I slumped down over Amber's back, and heard some applause from the parking lot. I was dimly aware that by now the guys were much closer than they had been and that there were quite a few of them. If I'd had time to think about it, I might have realized things were rather close to getting out of hand – which, at that moment might not have seemed like a bad thing. However, just then a clear, decisive voice cut through the moment.

"Ah, there you two are," Sable said from behind us. There was a tone in her voice that put a stop to any thoughts of undue rowdiness. "Are you ready to go?"

Laughing and actually blushing a little, Amber and I disengaged and fixed our clothing. The crowd of guys was dispersing. We turned around and saw Sable waiting; in one hand was Amber's forgotten bag of clothes, and on her face was a mocking smile.

"If you two are through with the foreplay," the dark goddess said, "we can go have some real fun."

******

After a moment of discussion in the parking lot, we decided to take our little party back to our hotel room. Amber rode along with Sable, and I followed in the rental car. At a stop light on an otherwise deserted street, I watched the silhouettes merge as the two women kissed. When I pulled up next to them in the hotel parking lot, I wasn't surprised to see the two of them making out. I sat there watching for a moment, my cock already responding. I considered just waiting to see how far they would go there in Sable's car, but then I realized that at the very least I would get a better view upstairs in the room. I rapped on the window and waved my room keycard at them. They grinned back at me and made some chaotic effort to disentangle themselves from each other. As soon as they were out of the car, I bowed and said, "Ladies, if you'll follow me."

"Is he always so polite?" Sable laughed.

"Not at all," Amber answered. "One time he chased me through the woods, knocked me down in the mud and fucked me without so much as an 'excuse me.'"

"Mmm, I like the sound of that," Sable murmured.

The conversation died out and after a few steps I turned around to see them stopped in the middle of the parking lot. Amber was pressed up against Sable, and the two of them were kissing passionately. Sable's hand was up under Amber's skirt, squeezing her ass. A part of my brain wanted to just stand there and admire the view, but the more sensible part of it knew that I would get to see even more upstairs. I cleared my throat and smiled when they finally broke their embrace and rejoined me.

Only the night clerk was in the lobby, but he certainly got an eyeful as the two women made no effort to keep their hands off each other as we came in, crossed the lobby and waited for the elevator. While the elevator slowly came down, Amber reached out and ran her hand up my arm. She pulled me closer to the two of them, and soon I had both women caressing my body through my clothes. Both of them started to rub my raging hard on through my pants, and then the elevator door opened. 

I managed to hit the button for our floor before I was pulled to the back of the car. Sable pulled my face to her and kissed me hard. I could feel Amber's hand reaching down into my pants and pulling on my cock, while her mouth was on my neck. Then I was watching as the two women kissed in front of me. I think I felt two hands on my penis, but I couldn't be sure in the confusion of all the kissing. At some point the three of us were all kissing at the same time. It was delicious, heady chaos. With a chime, the elevator opened, and we somehow managed to spill out into the hallway.

Gathering my wits, such as they were, I led the grasping, kissing girls down to our room. I got the door open and made sure it was closed behind us. Then things were a wonderful blur for several long minutes. Shoes were kicked off, and we made our way into the main room. All the while we were collectively making out and undressing each other. I watched from inches away as the two women kissed each other ravenously, all the while pulling and twisting at my cock. I admit I almost complained one or two times as the wrenching became a bit too ardent. 

Amber buried her face in Sable's neck. Sable threw her head back. I watched as Amber kissed and bit her way down to suck on one of her new lover's dark nipples. I noticed how, next to Sable's jet skin, fair Amber's tan skin was. Then Sable pulled Amber up and kissed her long and hard. As they broke their kiss, Sable bit Amber's lip hard enough to draw a little blood. I felt Amber stiffen. She squeezed my cock hard and I felt her shudder with excitement. 

Sable looked around for a moment, then smiled and said, "OK, Amber, you take off the rest of those clothes and sit there on the edge of the bed. And, you, get that chair over there and put it right here, facing Amber."

I had no clear idea of what Sable was up to, but I hastened to do as I was told, setting the armless chair about four feet from where Amber was now sitting at the foot of the bed, naked and flushed with lust. Sable peeled her g-string down her long, muscular legs and tossed it aside. I was somehow still wearing my socks, but I got rid of them quickly. 

Sable leaned over to kiss Amber again, but then told her, "You just sit there for a while, OK?"

Amber nodded happily.

Then Sable looked at me and said, "You just sit down right here."

Wondering what she was up to exactly, I dutifully sat down in the chair opposite Amber.

"Your boyfriend has been watching you all night," Sable explained, "so I think you can sit and watch for a little bit." She winked at Amber, and then turned her attention to me.

Bending at the waist, which kept her perfect ass right in front of Amber, Sable leaned down and kissed me. This wasn't a savage kiss like the one in the elevator, but a long, lingering one. Our lips and tongues took their times making themselves acquainted. I reached up to run my hands along her torso, as she leaned her weight on my shoulders. As we kissed I felt her shifting her weight from one leg to the other. Then she abruptly broke our kiss, and looked over her shoulder to say, "Now, you stop that! Keep your hands to yourself." 

I couldn't help laughing a bit, even though I knew that I would have been as unable to keep my hands off that ass as Amber had been. Then, my laughter stopped as Sable dropped her hand to my lap and began to stroke my very hard manhood. Her forehead to mine, I looked into Sable's dark brown eyes. There was a fire burning there that was both passionate and mischievous. 

Then she let go of my cock and stood up in front of me. I admired her naked body openly, from her strong thighs to her shaved pussy, up along her taut abs to her flat chest, her muscular shoulders to her long neck, to her haughty, beautiful black face. She stepped closer and placed a foot on either side of me, spreading her long legs out over my lap. She ran her hands through my hair as she slowly rocked her pelvis in front of me. I leaned forward and kissed her pussy. I could smell her sweet arousal. Sable held my head there against her for a moment but then pulled away. She bent down to kiss me again, a fleeting light buss. Then she stood again, flexing her abs and rocking her pelvis close to my face. I ran my hands up her legs and pulled her closer. I kissed her dark outer lips, and let my tongue play over her moist pink inner lips. I felt her shudder and then she pulled away again.

This time she turned around in front of me. I caught a glimpse of Amber sitting there watching Sable raptly. Amber had one hand busy between her legs and the other squeezing one of her own tits. 

Sable leaned back against me, her head next to mine, arching her back and showing Amber her exposed pussy. I took the opportunity to run my hands up along Sable's sides until I brushed my hands over her nipples. I kissed the side of her neck. Then she was pushing back against me, her ass pressed against my extremely happy cock. She ground back on me, and I dropped a hand to her inner thigh. I watched Amber watching us as I moved my hand to Sable's pussy. I slipped my fingers between her lips, and found that Sable was already very wet. From the way her wrist was flexing, I surmised Amber was also well lubricated. 

After a few minutes of this, Sable straightened up some and then backed up, so that her pussy was directly over my lap. She looked over her shoulder and said to me, "Let's let her watch that cock of yours fuck me."

Even if I didn't think Amber would love it, I'm pretty sure I would have thought that was a great idea at that point. As Sable slowly lowered herself down, I took my cock in hand and held it straight up for her. Sable's long black hair cascaded down her back and over her ass, so that I couldn't see particularly well, but Sable wasn't about to let that interfere. She reached down between her legs and grasped my shaft, directing the head of my cock to her pussy. She sank down on me, her hot, wet pussy engulfing me. I held Sable's waist in my hands as she rocked back and forth on me.

"Mmmm, he's got a great cock, doesn't he?" Sable asked Amber.

Amber murmured agreement, her eyes glued to Sable's sexy body as it slowly rode up and down on my rigid cock.

"Do you like seeing him fuck me with it?"

"Mm-hm."

"You'll let him do anything he wants with this cock, won't you? As long as he fucks you with it."

"Yes," Amber whimpered.

"You need to be fucked, don't you?"

"God yes!"

"Get down on your knees over here," Sable ordered.

I heard Amber quickly complying. Then Sable leaned back against me, and I felt Amber's breath on the base of my cock and my balls. I felt her tongue then, just a bit, as she began to lick at Sable's clit. Sable reached down and held the top of Amber's head, not letting her back away. I felt her body tensing as she said, "Yes, that's a good girl, lick my clitty. Make me come with your boyfriend's cock in my pussy!"

I could tell Amber was really going to town, and wasn't surprised at all when, very soon, I felt Sable tensing and trembling as her orgasm built up and then washed over her. I held her shaking body in place on top of me as her pussy clasped and pulled at my cock. 

"Oh hell yes!" Sable exclaimed at last. After she caught her breath, Sable turned her head and asked me, "I think she deserves to get fucked for that one, don't you?"

"I always think she deserves to get fucked," I grinned.

"Good attitude!" Sable laughed. She wiggled a little there on my lap, my cock hard and deep inside her. With a sigh she leaned forward and slowly stood up, letting my thick shaft fall out of her. She bent down to kiss Amber and then said, "OK, get up on the bed you sexy little minx."

With a happy grin all over her face, Amber scampered up onto the edge of the bed, and looked at my cock lustfully.

"Oh no," Sable laughed. "That's not for you tonight. Well, not again right now anyway."

A bit confused, we both watched the ebony beauty walk over to the bag she had brought up to the room, which I had honestly not even noticed until that moment. She bent over, distracting us both with the view of her gorgeous legs and perfect ass, and rummaged a bit before producing a rather large strap-on dildo. Amber gave a little squeal of delight, and I chuckled, at the sight of the prodigious black cock bobbing in Sable's hand. 

Sable stepped through the leg straps, drew the harness up and belted the waistband into place. Obviously she had done this before. As soon as she was confident the prosthetic organ was secure, Sable stalked back over to the foot of the bed and pushed Amber back. As Amber lay on her back, Sable crawled up over her. From where I sat opposite the foot of the bed, I watched Sable's muscular butt and long legs as they moved up between Amber's comparatively pale legs. I could see Amber's white hands caressing Sable's strong back and ass. I found myself holding my breath a little as Sable reached down to take hold of the thick artificial cock and guide it into Amber's pussy. From where I was I could see the gleaming black thing spreading her lips wide as it slipped into her. Amber let out a long, low moan. Her legs came up and wrapped around Sable's waist, pulling her lover closer in to her. The vision of those two pairs of long, toned legs, so starkly different and yet so utterly feminine, combined with the sight of Amber being slowly fucked by Sable's fat cock and Sable's ass as it flexed above, was intensely erotic.

I sat there watching for quite some time watching and listening to the sounds of Amber's rising passion and the wet sounds of fucking and kissing. After a while, though, I noticed that Sable's strap-on was a bit different than the ones I had seen before. Instead of a single strap that ran directly between her legs, connecting the base of the dildo to the back of the waist band belt, this one had two straps so that each leg had a strap around it. This served not only to nicely frame Sable's firm ass, but to provide access to her pussy. I was seeing Sable's glistening pink lips each time she drew back from Amber, a teasing little invitation to ecstasy. As you can certainly guess, I was not inclined to decline that offer.
