 I still can't believe this happened to me. I'll never be able to explain all this! I have to start at the beginning. See, I was working at this restaurant off of Sunset – one of the many hopefuls waiting for their big break. You know the story. Anyways, I was leaving work one day, sweaty, tired, and covered in grease, when this limousine stops beside me. The driver rolls down his window, tips his hat, and hands me a business card. 

"Be there at three tomorrow afternoon," he says, and drives off. Well, I looked at the card, and all that was on it was an address in the Hills. I stuffed it in my pocket, figuring that it was some weirdo, and walked home. But later, I thought about it. You know, maybe it was a producer that saw me and thought I had the makings of a star. I know I look hot now – I had better, after spending all that money on the boob job, the gym, the hairstylist… And this was a pretty prestigious neighborhood. It wasn't like the slums or anything. Maybe this was my big break. 

So at three the next day, I was waiting at the gates. I had put on my new green dress, the one that fit me without looking slutty, and had combed my newly red, shining, long hair down my back. I knew I looked stunning. Angie Everhart had nothing on me, I thought with pride. They buzzed me in without even asking my name. I walked the long way up the driveway to the door (which was no easy feat in three inch heels) and was let in before I knocked. The maid glared at me, but gestured me into the parlor. The house was unbelievable – opulent, rich, but not ostentatious. 

"I'm not sure why I'm here," I told the maid. She just laughed and walked off, shaking her head. I strolled around the room, and was looking at what appeared to be a genuine Monet on the wall when the double doors swung open. A gorgeous woman walked in the room. I immediately felt inferior. She had the kind of looks that only God could give. No plastic surgery could achieve that perfection. 

She looked me up and down with cold, appraising eyes. "I approve of his choice," she said. "But I bet you have no idea why you're here," she said sarcastically. I looked at her and shook my head. "Well, you're basically here for your big break, although I'm sure it's not the way you always pictured it."

I looked at her. She was one hell of a fox. Although I had never really preferred women to men, a hot pussy was sometimes satisfying, and I had never wanted another woman the way I was beginning to want her. I don't know what it was, maybe the atmosphere, but sheesh! My pussy was dripping like a faucet. I was glad I had worn underwear for once. 

She sat down on a chaise, crossing her legs. I caught a flash of neatly shaved pussy and began to sweat. "It's like this. My husband is Rick Cansler. The producer. I'm sure you've heard of him. Anyway, he likes to roam a little, and he was getting a little tired of satisfying me as much as I need to be satisfied, so he gave me the authority to hire myself two 'personal assistants' to use as I see fit. The pay is $100,000 a year, plus room and board. If I decide to hire you, you will need to appear as if you are serving as my personal assistant. I have a male, too – I think you met him yesterday. My chauffeur. He drives me in every way possible. He will also be open to your use any way you wish, on your own time. However, I am certain that my husband will desire to have you a couple of times. Although this is not your main function, you will find it necessary to let him fuck you. He's great in the sack, so it isn't a huge sacrifice. You may find that this could be your big break. We do have many very important producers, directors, and actors over for parties, and your talents may be called upon for use in these situations. Is this sounding like something that you could attempt?"

I almost fainted. Sure, I always said I would never sleep my way to the top, but I wasn't making anywhere near a hundred grand at the diner, and I would eat that pussy all of my life for free. Plus, this could be my only chance to hit it big! "I would be willing to give it a shot," I said carefully. 

"Fine. There are several things that must be done. First, I would like to taste your pussy. I cannot keep you in sexual service if your pussy isn't appealing to my tastes. Surely you understand that." I nodded. "Also, I must have you bring me to orgasm with your tongue. I have found that, although techniques may be learned, a natural enthusiasm must be present in order for you to become truly skilled. You must also orally manipulate Josh – that's the chauffeur – for you must be able to operate on men in order to please my husband and his friends. Josh will also fuck you in order to gauge your pussy tightness and response. We are looking for someone who is quick to orgasm."

I smiled and stood up. "When do we begin?"

She stared at me. "Well, first I must call Josh in to the house, then we must go a private sector. We usually fuck in the south wing of the house, so that we cannot be heard during parties. Follow Maria, she will show you to the room." The maid appeared and led me up two flights of stairs into a huge bedroom. 

"We have to get you undressed. The Mistress will want you in lingerie. She has a fetish for lace and leather," said the maid curtly. She efficiently unzipped my dress, unclasped my bra, and knelt to take my panties off. My head was swirling. I couldn't believe I was doing this! Also, my pussy was so wet, I was afraid I was going to start dripping on the floor. I looked down to find the maid staring at my pussy, mesmerized. "I wanted this job," she said quietly. "But I am not her type. I can see why she wants you. I wish I could touch it, but the Mistress would be upset."

"Who cares?" I groaned, grabbing her hair and pulling her mouth to my pussy. "She'll never know." Instantly, the maid's tongue began swirling around in my pussy while her lips sucked softly on my clit. I moaned and came instantly, shuddering in her mouth. She stood and rushed to the restroom, washing her face frantically, rinsing her mouth with water. 

"Your pussy was wonderful, but I can't let the Mistress smell it on me," she explained. She turned to the cabinet and found a white lacy bra with nipple holes and a white lace garter belt. Digging out a pair of six-inch heels, she unceremoniously dumped the lingerie on the bed beside my still panting body. "Get dressed. I can assure you, she'll be here soon, and she'll expect her you to be excited and ready to receive her."

I had no sooner laced up the heels than the door opened and she entered, followed by a gorgeous blond surfer lookalike. "This is Josh," she said. "Are you wet? I am going to taste you first." She unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. Immediately, the maid picked it up and scurried out of the room, shutting the door behind her. I almost came from the sight of her. Perfect, bouncy little breasts, a tight waist, and a ghetto booty that would make any rapper cream his pants. She directed me to a nearby chair, which I eagerly sank into, spreading my legs and thrusting my pussy out in the air. "Hmm," she said, " I think we will need to shave that quickly." With that, she lowered her mouth to my twat and proceeded to give me a tongue-lashing like I had never dreamed. She went from quickly twiddling my clit with her tongue to probing the inner depths of my vagina. I screamed in ecstasy as I came. She quickly came up, sidled around the side of the chair, and before I had even caught my breath, pushed her pussy into my mouth. 

I've eaten a few in my time, but I wasn't on the same level of expertise as she was. Still, I was damn determined that she was going to cum. I started mimicking her movements, gauging my status by her reactions. Her pussy was dripping hot juice all down my throat, all over my neck, dribbling down onto my exposed DD breasts. She began to squirm, and I took that as a signal to lock in on her clit, focusing on it with a single mindedness that would make most people scream. She came furiously, humping my tongue as I tried frantically to keep up with her rapid movements. She fell over on the bed, exhausted. I lay in the chair, trying to catch my breath. Unfortunately, it wasn't to be.

Josh the chauffeur had removed his pants to reveal a huge, ten-inch erection that he was stroking softly, watching me eat his Mistress. He walked over, stopping by my head. His huge penis bobbed softly in the air in front of my mouth. Although I still hadn't caught my breath, I've always been a glutton for punishment, and I sucked him into my mouth voraciously. I took him deep, marveling that I could take his huge cock to the root, and sucked him in long, deep strokes. He groaned and began to quiver. I was anticipating his load when he abruptly stopped and backed off. I panted, confused, and stood up. "Why did you stop?" I asked. He grabbed my hips, turned me around, bent me over the chair, and thrust that cock inside me deeper than I ever knew possible. I screamed as he stretched me to accommodate his huge length and girth. His strokes quickened, and I felt him hit depths and recesses that I never knew existed. I had the most heart pounding, bone chilling orgasm of my life, cumming incessantly as he pounded me mercilessly from behind. I tried to collapse, but he held my hips, slamming me until I thought I would pass out. Just as I felt myself begin to brim over with another orgasm, I felt something. I looked down to see the Mistress licking my clit as she stroked Josh's balls. I had never had a clitoral orgasm and a vaginal orgasm at the same time, but I had always heard they were the ultimate. Let me tell you, ultimate doesn't begin to describe it. I damn near fainted, shuddering from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. I slammed my hips back into Josh, frantically grinding into her mouth at the same time and cumming like a wildwoman. Josh began to moan, and I felt him tense up. Just as I stopped cumming, he convulsed, pouring hot jism into the deepest recesses of my pussy.

I sank down in the chair, finally getting the chance to catch my breath. The Mistress stood as if nothing had happened, wiping her mouth casually. "We will have to discuss terms later, of course, and my husband will want to meet you, but I am sure that you will be ideal for the position. We will see you at noon tomorrow. Josh will show you out. Thank you." With that, she left the room, still buck naked. I looked at Josh, stunned. He shrugged. 

"She's got a closet in the next room. Besides, the only one allowed in this wing is Maria, and she eats the Mistress sometimes, when the Mistress is desperate. Come on, let's put on your clothes, and I'll take you home." He stood, grabbed his pants, and began to dress. I put on my clothes in a daze and followed him out to the door. He drove me home, stopping in front of my dingy apartment. "See you tomorrow," he said with a grin. "I knew you were the one." Oh Lord, what am I going to do tomorrow?