 NOTE: This story contains, among other things, male on male sex. If you find that offensive, please move to another story.

Sandy Weller was one of the hottest girls in school. She was very popular and Jason Bark had a crush on her, much like every other guy. But Jason was not the typical kind of guy Sandy went out with. He was short, had short hair and wore a pair of black rimmed glasses. He was basically unknown by the popular kids at school. But he did have his accomplishments. He was the head of the math club, had won the chess tournament two years running, and had the highest grades of any student in chemistry. He was by all means a determined individual. And he was determined to get a date with Sandy. 

Sandy had long beautiful blonde hair and a body that developed a good year before any other girl thus leading to her popularity. She was funny, smart and good looking. And being the head cheerleader she had been on dates with everybody who was somebody at school. There was the football captain, the head of the student counsel, and of course last year's prom king. Her standards were high and Jason didn't even come close. There was no way she was going out with him. 

Jason did not let Sandy's social position get in the way of him asking her for a date. Of course she declined. He asked again the next day and the day after that. Sandy declined those as well explaining to Jason that she was not interested. But Jason would not take no for an answer and that was something Sandy was beginning to understand. That is when she came up with a bright idea. 

The next day Jason saw her just before lunch and asked her once again for a date. "I can see that you will not take no for an answer, so I will make you a deal. You come to my house this Friday after school. I will give you a test to see if you really want to go out with me. If you pass the test, I will go out with you. But if you don't, you cannot ask me out again...ever. Do we have a deal?" 

Jason thought about it and easily agreed. 

Friday arrived and Jason went to Sandy's house right after school as promised. He knocked on the door and Sandy answered the door dressed in a bathrobe and apparently nothing else. She invited him in and announced that her parents would not be home for another two hours. She then led him to her bedroom. 

Jason was excited by the news and it appeared that maybe she was going to have sex with him just to make him go away. And that was something he could live with. His hopes were dashed when she opened her bedroom door and saw several of the most popular boys in school waiting for them. Jason recognized that most, if not all, had dated Sandy at one time or another. 

"Now I told you I would give you a test to see how bad you really want to go out with me. If you fail the test, you have to leave and never ask me out again. So here it is. Boys, grab that table and put it right here in the middle of the room." Two of the guys grabbed a table that was against the wall and moved it to the middle of the room. 

Sandy looked at Jason and continued. "I am going to lie down on this table naked. These fine gentlemen are going to pull their cocks out and masturbate all over me covering me in their semen." She watched for Jason's reaction, but he maintained a poker face. So she continued, "Once they are through, it will be up to you to lick it off. And I mean ever last drop. If you do, you will have passed the test and I will go out with you. But if you don't, you have to promise never to ask me out again. Of course, you can leave right now if you want. But if you do, and I would understand if you did, you will have to leave me alone for good." Sandy gave him the once over. No guy in his right mind would go for that deal. He was as good as gone. "So what's it going to be?" 

Her test was not what Jason imagined, but he knew exactly what she was trying to do. If she could scare him off, he would have to leave her alone. He glanced around at the guys and wondered how she talked them into this. They were some of the most popular guys at school. He was sure they were counting on him being scared off as well. Well, he was not going to be bluffed that easily. He looked at Sandy and said, "Sounds good. Let's get started."

A flash of anger crossed Sandy's face, but she quickly replaced it with a practiced smile. She couldn't believe this nerd was going through with this. Was he really going to eat all that cum? She would soon find out. "So be it" she said pulling the robe open to reveal her naked body underneath. 

Jason stifled a moan as he gazed upon her near perfect breasts, nice smooth tummy and neatly trimmed pussy. She was much more beautiful naked than he ever imagined. Her beauty made him more determined than ever. 

Sandy hopped up on the table and asked one of the guys to hand her a pillow from the bed. She puffed it behind her head and said, "OK boys, whip them out." 

The guys smiled at each other nervously. Not a single one thought it would go this far. But after a slight hesitation, they dropped their pants and positioned themselves closer to the table. One by one they grabbed their cocks and started fondling themselves. 

Jason couldn't believe what he was seeing. Here were the most popular guys in school playing with their cocks totally ready to cover Sandy in cum! 

It seemed the boys were going to need a little help to get this thing started. Although they were fondling their cocks, not one had grown hard. "I guess it's not fair for me to ask you guys to masturbate...when I am not willing to do so myself" Sandy said. She spread her legs a bit so everyone could get a good look. Then she moved her hands to her pussy. She started teasing her clit with one while sticking two fingers of the other inside. 

The room filled with nervous coughs and uncomfortable grunts, but the cocks began to grow. Jason was amazed by the different shapes and sizes. He watched as one after the other became hard revealing their true form. Most seemed to be between five to seven inches in length, but varied greatly in thickness. But then he saw Tom's. It was easily over ten inches long and thick too. He couldn't believe cocks got that big, but apparently they did. 

Sandy encouraged them to have fun stroking their cocks, but begged them not to climax too soon. She never dreamed it would get this far, but now that it had, she wanted them to produce as much sperm as possible. 

Soon all eight were nervously stroking their cocks. She had dated them all before, so their cocks were nothing new to her. Although she had them all naked, they had not seen each other naked. Eyes darted back and forth between crotches checking each other out before glancing up to see if they had been caught. It wasn't long before that nervousness was replaced by sounds of heavy breathing and horny guys pumping their cocks. 

Jason studied the various techniques the guys used to stroke their cocks. Some used short strokes while other used long. Some would twist at the end while others played with their balls as well. He also tried to figure out who might cum the most. To him it was just another science project. But there was no doubt this science was very stimulating. His pants were tented and he made no effort to hide it from the others. 

The sights, sounds and smells of the room were having its affect on Sandy as well. She now had three fingers up her pussy and she could feel the juices running down her legs. She glanced around at all those hard cocks and hoped those balls were filled to the brim. Jason might have called her bluff, but she was going to make sure he paid for it. 

"Look at all those cocks" she said to Jason. She pulled her fingers from her pussy and grabbed a set of balls closest to her. "Mm, nice and full I would say. I hope you are hungry." She glanced down at his crotch and saw his erection straining against his pants. She was going to make sure that little nerd ate his weight in sperm. 

"I'm going to cum" said the captain of the football team. "Cum on my breasts" Sandy shouted. She reached up and squeezed her breasts close together. Her nipples stood straight up. She stared at his cock waiting for the glorious moment to arrive. He started pumping his cock even harder pointing it at her breasts. Then he suddenly stopped, through his head back as his cock jerked upward as the long stream of thick cum flew out the end. His wad was so huge that it covered both of her breasts at the same time. Everyone gasped. No one expected that much cum! The second volley was just as big and landed right next to the other. His cock spit up another four times literally covering her breasts in sperm. 

Jason couldn't believe how much the guy came. He must have been saving it up for a month. Everybody watched as it began to drip down her breasts on all sides like maple syrup. Another guy announced he was close and suddenly his cock exploded all over her tummy. He shot long arches of cum lacing her tummy. That triggered a guy standing by her face and he let it rip catching her nose and cheek. The guy down by her feet was next covering her legs. 

Sandy took her finger and wiped a huge glob of cum from her cheek and looked at Jason. "No sense in you waiting, huh? Come here Jason." She would make him pay. 

The moment of truth had arrived. Jason took a deep breath and stepped up by Sandy's head. She took her cum-covered finger and stuck it in his mouth. Jason sucked the finger clean and swallowed. Not bad, he thought. It could have been much worse. He looked down to catch Sandy's reaction and saw something he hadn't expected. 

There was a gleam in her eye and her cheeks were flushed. He realized at that moment just how kinky Sandy really was. Watching him swallow that cum had really turned her on! He suddenly saw a chance to turn this thing around. Clearly Sandy wanted to humiliate him with her little test or so he thought. He assumed she picked this particular way because she thought he would be grossed out and not do it. But now he realized she picked this way because it turned her on. 

The wheels started clicking in his head. If he could convince her that he was kinkier than she was, not only would she go out with him, but she would like it. He now thought he had a pretty good shot at making her his girlfriend. 

"Well, well, well" she said pulling her finger free. "You are a real cum lover, aren't you?" 

"Um hmm" he answered without flinching. He then bent down and took one long lick across her breast gathering a huge amount of cum on his tongue. He looked her right in the eye and swallowed. It drove her wild! She did her best to stifle a moan, but he could tell that she just orgasmed. 

"I'm getting ready to cum!" said the guy close to Sandy's face. But Sandy grabbed his cock and said, "No! Shoot it straight into his mouth!" She jammed the guys cock into Jason's mouth. 

Man, she really is kinky Jason thought to himself as the warm flesh filled his mouth. It was not a minute too soon. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh" the guy groaned as he pumped a huge load down Jason's throat. The guy started thrusting his hips back and forth lost in ecstasy pumping sperm into Jason's mouth. Jason held the cock firmly between his lips and glanced at Sandy. And just as he thought, she really got off to it. The guy dumped tons of cum into his mouth and then pulled his drained cock away. Jason licked his lips knowing Sandy was watching. She didn't try to hide this orgasm. She just moaned and groaned as the pleasure cascaded through her body. 

Now Jason had her. He knew her secrets. She got off to watching guys eat cum and suck cocks. And he was pretty sure those other guys never did either one for her. 

The remaining guys were very close to climax and Jason gave them instructions. "OK, I want each of you to stand right here. Hold your cocks out so we both can see them." They moved right beside Sandy's head so she would have a perfect view. Jason looked her right in the eye and licked his lips. 

Sandy groaned as Jason took the first cock into his mouth. He had never sucked cock before, but he was not going to let that get in the way. He drove his lips as far down that guys cock as he could. "Oh shit!" the guy moaned. Jason had just started he was back up when the guy exploded down his throat. He gulped his load swallowing as fast as he could. He was glad that cum tasted as good as it did. It made his job that much easier. 

Jason quickly moved to the next guy noticing Sandy watching his every move. He worked his tongue around the guys head, licking his slit a few times before taking his cock past his lips. Sandy moaned, her eyes glued to the action. He bobbed his head several times and that guy let loose. Sucking cock was easy Jason thought as he sucked his cum down.

He then moved to the last guy. And he was the one with the big thick ten inch cock. Jason grabbed it with both hands around the base, stretched his mouth open as far as it would go and slipped his lips over it. He slid down the shaft until he gagged, then pulled back just a little. He worked his tongue all around the underneath side making the guy cry out. 

"Damn!" Sandy yelled. "You can suck more of that cock than I can." Being such a big cock gave Jason more options. He decided to try them all. He pulled the cock free of his mouth and started licking it all over. That guy was moaning as he watched his cock being pleasured. Jason slipped it back in his mouth and worked it with his lips. Big cocks are fun he thought as he went up and down the shaft. The guy started twisting his hips and Jason knew he was about to cum, and cum hard he imagined. 

Jason pulled the cock from his mouth and aimed it at his face. He then pumped the guy with both hands hard. "Oh man, OH MAN!" the guy screamed as he blasted Jason's face with a huge wad of sperm. Jason quickly put it back in his mouth and sucked the rest straight from his balls. 

Sandy was beside herself.

The guys having blown their loads began putting their clothes on and left. Jason turned back to Sandy. She was completely covered in cum, head to toe. Some was thick, some was runny, but one thing was for sure. It was everywhere. 

Jason looked into Sandy's gleaming eyes and knew that he had her right where he wanted her. He started on her breast. He licked up the cum from both of them making sure to pay lots of attention to her hard nipples. He then moved to her legs and slowly worked his way up to her pussy. He started licking the cum off her pussy and Sandy eased her legs apart. Jason took the opportunity to slip his tongue inside her and she quickly arched her back and screamed with another climax. 

Then he moved up to her tummy, and once cleaned, onto her face. He took nice long cat licks of her face and then moved to her lips. And she was waiting for him. It was the sign he was looking for. Their lips met and he pushed his tongue into her mouth followed by a large amount of sperm. They swapped it back and forth for several minutes before he made her swallow it. 

"Now about our date" he said. "You will wear that blue dress of yours. You know the one, you wore it last week. It has that plunging neckline. And underneath, I want to see a silk thong, white, trimmed in lace. And I want your pussy shaved clean behind it." 

"Whatever you say" she said listening to his instructions. 

END 

Thank you for reading this. I hope you enjoyed it. Please remember to vote. Your comments are welcomed. 