 So here I was, returning to the house like the glutton for punishment that I am. If you haven't read the first, here's a brief overview of my week:

1. Strange man invites me to a house.

2. Rich woman hires me to become her "personal assistant" and sex slave for a hefty fee. 

3. The Mistress, the chauffeur and I had a great fuck session in her chambers.

After the first day, I began to have doubts. Yeah, it was great while it lasted, but do I really want to sell myself into something like this? There's a difference between a nice fuck-em-and-leave-em and a relationship where I have to be available for sexual favors at all times of the day. I was supposed to have an appointment the next day to meet the husband, but I decided that morning that I wasn't going to go. Then, I went in to work at the diner. After one hour of irate customers, leering construction workers, and my irritating manager patting my ass, I threw my apron on the counter and left. If I hurried, I could still make it by noon. 

I really dressed up for this meeting, sensing that although the Mistress had approved, her hubby held the pocketbook strings and therefore had the final word. The dress I wore this time had no pretense of decency. I felt like I would fall out of the top if I bent over. (Of course, that could be a useful "accident" if I planned it right.) When I rang the bell this time, I knew where I was and why I was there. Of course, I was still nervous as hell. Maria answered with a brief nod and led me back into the parlor. 

"The Mistress is out today. Mr. Cansler will be in promptly - as soon as he and his lunch partner finish their conference call." She turned on her heel and left. 

I sat on the chaise nervously, crossing my legs and pulling up my skirt. I had spent twenty minutes the night before carefully shaving my bush, remembering the Mistress's comments. I must admit, I loved the way it felt. I wanted to rub it against everything in sight. 

I heard the door open and leapt to my feet. Two men entered. One of them I recognized as a famous director; the other I assumed to be Mr. Cansler. "How are you, sir? My name is Amber. I'm your wife's new personal assistant. I mean, if you approve." Oh God, I'm babbling. I can't believe how stupid I sound!

Mr. Cansler smiled. "Call me Rick, and this is Andy. I approve wholeheartedly. Why don't you sit down and tell me what my wife has described your duties to entail?"

I sat down, being careful to flash him with my pussy as I crossed my legs. "Well, basically, she has just told me that I am to assist her with any needs that she may have, service her whenever necessary, and service other members of the household when she is otherwise occupied."

"Lovely description," he said with a grin. "So well put. Why don't you show me why you believe yourself to be qualified for this position?" 

I stood, walked over in front of their chairs, and unzipped my dress. I had worn my garter belt and favorite green bra. Stepping out of the dress, I walked over to him and bowed my head. My knees were shaking with anxiety, and my pussy was beginning to drip again. What was it about this house? "I am here to service you however you deem necessary, sir," I said meekly. 

He stared at me, then reached behind me and quickly unfastened my bra like a pro. "Nice work," he said. "Real?" I shook my head. "I thought not. Not that I care." He brushed his fingers slowly across my nipples, twisting them lightly in his fingers. I began to breathe heavily as he caressed them. Then, abruptly, he stopped.

"Go sit on Andy's lap." I followed obediently, sitting on the director's lap. He had a huge nose - I had never noticed that when I saw him on T.V. He was breathing hard, and I could feel his hard-on about to bust the seams of his pants. I couldn't resist rubbing my naked pussy across it a little bit. He moaned, bent his head, and took a nipple into his mouth, roughly rubbing my other nipple between his fingers. I couldn't help it - I was so horny, I started rubbing my pussy roughly on his lap. I reached down and unzipped his pants, pulling his throbbing cock out and rubbing it across my slit. Just as I was about to shove it in, Rick grabbed my hair. 

"Not yet," he said firmly. "Suck him off." He pushed my head down roughly into Andy's lap. I obliged, pulling his dick down my throat and sucking him greedily. He groaned loudly, pushing it hard down my throat. I rubbed his balls, squeezing the cum into his cock. I felt him twitch as he began to cum, and quickly began to suck faster, flicking my tongue rapidly as I bobbed up and down. He came, screaming and grinding into my mouth. I took every drop, greedily slurping it down my throat. 

He moaned, and I stood up. Reaching forward, he pushed his face into my pussy, shoving that huge nose up in me like a little cock while he licked my clit. My knees buckled, and I would have fallen if Rick hadn't reached out, grabbed my tits, and held me up. Pulling me off of Andy's tongue, he forced me to my knees with his erection bobbing in front of my mouth. I sucked him into my mouth, slipping one hand down to my pussy to finger myself as I brought him off. He yanked my hair so hard that I cried out. "No touching yourself," he said sternly. I obeyed, concentrating all of my energies on banging him in and out of my throat. He moaned in appreciation as he came, pounding my mouth mercilessly. I almost gagged, but I knew that he would be angry, so I took him as best I could. He sank down on the chaise. 

I began to rise, but he shook his head. "Stay on your knees," he said. I obliged, crawling over and kneeling in front of Andy's rejuvenated hard-on. He grinned. 

"Turn around," Andy said. I turned around, and Andy scooted up on the chair, grabbed his cock, and entered me while I was on all fours. I backed into him, rubbing eagerly against him. He slammed deep into me, grabbing my hips and using me as leverage for his wild fucking. I began to feel my first orgasm of the night coursing through my pussy, and I began pushing harder against his dick, feeling his balls slap against my clit with each thrust. I came hard, clawing at the carpet. Only minutes after me, he came with an animal grunt. He settled back into his chair with a satisfied sigh. I started to relax, sinking to the floor, but Rick shook his head. 

"Come here," he said. I crawled over to him on all fours, and he raised my head by the chin and kissed me deeply. Pulling me to my feet, he kissed me, playing with my nipples as I sighed in pleasure. He leaned me back against the wall, kissing me frantically, and shoved his dick up into me. I cried out as he thrust so hard that I could almost feel him in my stomach. He fucked me with a slow, steady rhythm that sent me to heaven with the most delicious friction that I had ever felt, all the while playing with my nipples and kissing my neck. I felt him tense, and his rhythm sped up until I was being pounded into the wall. I came seconds before he did. 

He sat in the chair staring at me until he caught his breath. "I think you'll do nicely," he said. "You can speak to my wife tomorrow about forms and salary terms. I think that I have a party this weekend that I need you to attend. Have Maria show you out, and call my wife tomorrow morning at this number. Thank you."

I stared at him, dumbfounded, but it was apparent that I was to leave the room then. I gathered my clothes, dressed, and left the room with both of them staring at me leaving. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get used to this impersonal attitude. Then again, if the sex is always this good...