 "It's still coming down! April is too late in the year for this nonsense," Dr. Crist whined, watching as a thick, white snow coated the ground. "Maybe if we hadn't been listening to podcasts all the way up, we'd have heard some weather warnings." 

"Global warming," sighed Dr. Beltz. "The seasons are all fucked up because of that..."

Dr. Crist rolled his eyes.

"Global warming. Global warming is causing SNOW. That makes no sense! You libtards will look for any reason to inject politics into things..." 

"Oh my, god, It's not politics it's science! You are a doctor, you're supposed to know goddamn science!" Dr. Beltz groaned.

Dr Crist blanched "Please, don't take the Lord's name in vain," 

Beltz grinded her teeth and took off her glasses to pinch the bridge of her nose, as if she had a migraine. 

"Hey, hey," Jefferson interjected, "Let's not argue. We're all frustrated, we're all stuck. Let's just be cool, ok? Beltz, stop baiting Crist, and Crist, no more portmanteaus for you." 

Dr. Beltz flopped sideways into an armchair, letting her long legs dangle over the edge.

"Fine. But what are we going to do? We're stuck here!"

Jefferson exhaled with exasperation, blowing a strand of his shaggy blonde hair off his glasses. 

"Serves us right, us being so early,"

The three doctors had been a few hours early to convention, a few hours too early to get the email that it had been cancelled due to snow. Though they'd worked in the same small clinic for six months or so (Beltz and Jefferson had predated Crist at the clinic, but not by much) they had not any real time spent time together outside the office. Jefferson had suggested renting the small, freezing 3-bedroom cabin they were stuck in, since they were so much cheaper than the local hotels. Cheaper, they soon found, since the little set of cabins were so far away from town, with no modern heating devices, only a fireplace where a fire was quickly dying.

"You know," Beltz said, looking up from a half-finished messy plait in her dark hair, "We could pass the time with stories,"

Jefferson and Crist grunted.

"That's what we used to do when we were snowed in as kids."

Jefferson nodded. "Fine, but, no fairy tales or story hour bullshit. Let's talk about some real, juicy stories."

Beltz smiled, "Weirdest thing you've ever experienced as a doctor?"

"Ah, man, there's so many weird ones," Crist laughed, pulling a heavy green sweater over his broad shoulders.

"There's no way you can top mine," Jefferson said.

"Until you hear mine," Beltz teased.

"Well, lets see, then," Jefferson smirked. "Me first. It's a story I like to call...."

 Nymphopath * 

"Wait, so they set you up? It was just Calhoun's wife the whole time?" Beltz asked. 

"Yep. She had this weirdly specific fisting fetish, and he had erectile dysfunction. Could only get off if he saw her getting off super hard first, usually with another guy...I dunno, man. It was a big mess. I still see her from time to time, at the practice where I work now. And she smiles, and I know she's found someone else to do the same for her."

"That's pretty weird," Crist agreed. his blue eyes round with surprise.

"How about you, Crist?" Beltz asked.

"Oh, I totally got them. This one couple, they were trying to get pregnant, and they just couldn't. So I asked them how they were doing it, and it turned out, they were virgins..."

"...And you tried to show them how to have sex with rubber dolls?" said Jefferson, raising an eyebrow.

"That's Catch 22! We all took Lit Junior Year!" Beltz groaned,"Boo, tell us a real one,"

"I have a real one. I just, don't know if you can handle it," said Crist, crossing his muscled arms defensively.

"Oh, shut it, Crist, you worked at one of those fake crisis pregnancy centers before you worked with us, you don't have any wild stories," Beltz chided.

"First, I did not work at a "fake crisis pregnancy center", we just partnered with some faith-based organizations, and second, yes, yes I do have a wild story. Possibly wilder than yours," he groused. "Well, you must have a really good one, if you're acting so high-and-mighty about it,"

"I've got TONS," Beltz laughed. "But I'll tell my favorite. It's not quite a story about weird stuff from the job, but it's close enough. Let's call it..."

 The Milk Made