 This is the final installment of the "Amber & I" series. It will help if you have read the rest of the series, but it's not necessary. Characters from previous chapters appear in this one without much further introduction.



As I pulled the car off the road and started down the long, tree-lined driveway, Amber said, "Housekeepers make more money than I thought."

"Well, I know she works at least two jobs," I said wryly, as the large house loomed in front of us. It was spread out on several levels among the dark trees. Although there were other houses in the up-scale neighborhood, I couldn't see any of them from where I parked the car. At a quick count there were five cars there before mine, but the two-car garage doors were closed, so, presumably, there could be seven ahead of us. I could see that there were lights on inside the house, but all the curtains were drawn so no one could be seen from the outside. 

"Looks like a party," Amber breathed.

"Nervous?" I asked her as I switched off the headlights.

"A little," she nodded. "I wonder what the hell Helen is up to."

I reached over and squeezed her naked thigh; she was wearing a daringly skimpy black dress, her long overcoat, a pair of the sexiest shoes I've ever seen, and nothing else. "We could back out," I offered.

She laughed and said, "Not on your life! I'm dying of curiosity, and a lot more turned on than nervous." She leaned over and kissed me, then said, "You knew I wouldn't back out anyway."

"Yeah," I laughed. "I did."

We got out of the car and, hand in hand, made our way up the walk to the front door. When I rang the bell, it was promptly opened by Helen, who threw her arms around Amber and dragged her into the entry foyer. Our hostess was wearing a long skirt, slit up the side almost all the way up, a bright red top that hung loosely over her thin, muscular frame from one shoulder, and a pair of shiny black boots that climbed half-way up her thigh. I closed the door behind us, and then got my own enthusiastic greeting from Helen, her arms around me and her mouth on mine. After a long moment, she pulled away, saying, "I've been waiting to do that for weeks! But, that's all you're going to get from me for the next couple of hours, stud."

"Oh, now that's extremely disappointing," I said.

"Does that mean I get you to myself?" Amber asked Helen hopefully.

"No, no," Helen laughed. "I'm the mistress of ceremonies tonight. There's a grand design behind this little get-together, and it's my job to make sure things move along properly. There was a mischievous twinkle in her eye. "Here, let me have your coats, and I'll explain ... a little. Oh, and shoes go over here," she directed us to an area right by the door behind us.

We deposited our shoes, neither of us thinking to point out Helen's boots as an exception to the house rules, and then shrugged off our coats. But then we were distracted as Christina came hurrying over to say hello. The tiny Latina was wearing a white blouse that clung to her breasts, and a black mini-skirt. For some reason I found her bare feet amusing and adorable. She had a pretty fancy video camera in her hand. After hugging both Amber and I rather enthusiastically, Christina made sure she was getting us on camera.

"Um, so this is going to be a filmed event?" I asked with a cocked eyebrow. 

"Oh," Helen laughed, "I forgot I didn't tell you yet. Yes, that's part of your surprise. We're going to videotape everything tonight. Christina is in charge of one of the handhelds, I'll have another and you'll see some cameras set up in corners, out of the way. Everyone's going to get a copy of the results, and each person has sworn they won't copy or distribute it in any way. Is that OK with you two?"

Amber and I looked at each other, I shrugged, she laughed, and we said, "OK."

"And do you promise not to share your copies?" Helen asked seriously.

"Of course," I said. 

Amber squeezed my hand as she said, "Yes, I promise."

"You'll forget all about the cameras before long, I promise," Helen laughed. "Now, follow me and I'll give you a quick tour while I get rid of these coats of yours."

She led us from the foyer into a very large great room, lined with sofas on two walls, a long window, now totally covered with curtains, and other comfortable chairs and sturdy tables scattered about. There was a lit fireplace in the far wall, along with a top of the line sound system that was playing music at a level low enough not to impede conversation. I noticed expensive, tasteful indirect lighting as well as three video cameras on tripods in what seemed to be out of the way spots. Off to the left, a bar separated the great room from a brightly lit kitchen, where several other couples were mingling. 

Helen swept on past all of this, into a hallway, around a corner and then up a flight of stairs. We passed an open area, with a view out over the kitchen area and the great room. However, it wasn't the view that caught our eye, but the fact that the entire floor of the balcony/platform was filled with sheet-covered mattresses. I saw two more cameras, both wall-mounted. Helen passed all of this, and led us to a bedroom where she deposited our coats on a bed. Turning to us she said, "This room is off limits until you're ready to leave. Nobody wants to get their coats all messed up."

"I like it when you're bossy like this," Amber laughed.

"Good!" Helen grinned. She then grabbed Amber by the waist, pulled her in and gave her a long, passionate kiss. The two women made out for several delicious minutes, as I felt myself hardening quickly. Finally, Helen pushed Amber away and said, "Now, that's all you're going to get from me for a while."

Helen showed us the upstairs and downstairs bathrooms, as well as the pool and hot tub, which were sadly out of commission due to unforeseeable mechanical problems, before leading us back to the great room and kitchen. Taking up a position between us, her arms linked with ours, Helen guided us to a dark, Mediterranean looking man with a gorgeous raven-haired woman on his own arm. "Let me introduce you to our hosts, Marco and Marina," Helen said. 

Marco took my hand in a strong, friendly grip, and with a warm smile said, "I'm pleased to meet you. Helen has told us a lot about you." He was not tall, perhaps a bit shorter than me, but obviously in very good shape. Like me, he was wearing slacks and a button shirt.

Marina had embraced Amber and said, "You're even prettier than Helen said." She was perhaps 5'4" with slightly almond shaped eyes of brown, a perfect, petite figure, and straight, jet black hair that hung down to the small of her back. She was wearing a bright blue dress that hung from her shoulders, clinging to her curves and drawn in around her narrow waist by a golden belt. Turning to me, she shook my hand and then smoothly slipped up to me and gave me a warm, lingering hug. In my ear she said, "And I hope Helen has told us the truth about you too."

"Well," I stumbled, "I'll try not to disappoint." Marina laughed a little and pulled away. 

Meanwhile, Marco had taken Amber's hand and kissed it, but she, not willing to be out-done by Marina, stepped up and gave him a nice hug as well. If there were words exchanged I never learned, but she did say he had a "very hard body". 

Marco led us into the kitchen while he explained that his family's company was primarily in surveillance and recording technology, which had done very well over the last few years thanks to the geopolitical situation. He promised to show us his state-of-the-art editing studio later. He got us drinks, and introduced us to two more couples. 

Kelly was a tall, stunning woman with long, copper red hair that fell down her bare shoulders and back. She had the kind of body that you would expect to see on a Playboy centerfold, or, more accurately as it turned out, a Rockette. (She was a dancer with showgirl experience.) Full breasts, nice ass and wickedly long legs, wearing a green dress that was draped around her neck with a plunging neckline, and twin slits up the sides to show off those perfect legs. Compared to Marina, Kelly was a bit stand-offish, merely smiling and shaking our hands when introduced. Her husband, as he was introduced, Will, was a brawny, affable guy – a cheerful jock-type, with light brown hair cropped short. He shook my hand strongly, and was quite obviously attracted to Amber. His eyes lingered over her body as we talked, and I could tell she didn't mind the attention.

Next were Abby and Steve. She was tiny, not much over five feet, with an hourglass shape. She had brown hair down to her shoulders and big brown doe eyes that looked up at me a bit shyly. Abby was wearing a silvery top and black skirt. Steve was a thin guy with long blond hair, wearing jeans and a plain black t-shirt. He was almost as quiet as Abby, but seemed very confident. In a whispered aside, Amber pronounced him rock-star sexy.

At some point, we made our way back out into the great room, where we met the other two couples present.

Jing was a beautiful Chinese woman just a bit shorter than me, with black hair brushing her shoulders and laughing eyes. She wore an evening dress of lustrous burgundy with a plunging neckline, and a black choker. Her companion, Curtis, was a tall, thin intellectual – a college professor, in fact – with brown hair. He was friendly and I found both him and Jing to be very easy to talk to.

The next couple radiated confidence and sex appeal like an oven. Ayisha was a beautiful Indian woman with thick, black hair, luscious, full tits, and a womanly, curvy figure. She gave Amber a long, friendly hug, and then, while giving me the same treatment, she reached down between us to feel my rising erection through my slacks. "Mmm, very nice," she murmured, and then kissed the side of my neck. When, much to my disappointment, she finally released me her date, Derek shook my hand. He was a tall, athletic man with jet black skin. He smiled broadly at me, and I noticed Amber blatantly admiring his physique. Ayisha noticed too, laughed, and said, "Wait until you see him naked."

"I hope that'll be soon," Amber said without any hint of bashfulness.

After a bit, Amber and I found ourselves without company, and she took the opportunity to ask me, "So, is this going to be an orgy?"

"It seems likely," I nodded. "I get the feeling you'd be happy with that."

"Gorgeous men and women," she said.

"There is an interesting variety," I smiled. "I think you'd do anything to get your hands on Derek."

"My god, he's beautiful!" she exclaimed.

I laughed, and she said, "Which one of the women do you like best?"

"Besides you?"

"Yes! Oh, I know, Marina." 

"Well, I think the whole point of an orgy is that I don't have to pick just one," I smirked. 

"Ah," she laughed. "Good point. Sable!"

"What?"

Then I followed the line of Amber's sight, and then Amber herself as she cut across the room to greet the beautiful dancer who we had spent the night with weeks earlier. Apparently utterly at ease in the company, Amber hugged Sable tightly and proceeded to give her an extremely demonstrative kiss. The staggering ebony beauty was wearing a white one piece dress that seemed painted onto her. The contrast with her skin was intensely erotic.

Next to Sable was a shorter woman with blonde hair cut quite short. I introduced myself; she smiled and introduced herself as Sable's date, Sassy. She had a pixie cute face, bright green eyes, laughing with intelligent wit, and what looked like a wonderfully tight, petite body with a beautiful pair of firm tits filling out her tight top. 

Eventually, Sable was able to greet me with a hug, and we found out that after Amber had talked to Helen about our wild weekend, Helen had tracked down Sable and invited her along to this party. There was a hint that Helen had managed to enjoy the company of both Sable and Sassy, who, it turned out, was also a dancer. Naturally, I spent several minutes imagining how that encounter would have played out, and made a mental note to try to get some details later. In the meantime, I found Sassy incredibly attractive, and decided to bump her to the top of that list Amber and I had been discussing.

I was deeply engrossed in our little knot of conversation, when I found myself suddenly and surprisingly distracted by an utterly unexpected face. Coming into the room was my assistant, Sharon, followed closely by her husband Roger. She was an attractive woman about ten years older than me, with a nice curvy body and very nice legs. Her salt and pepper hair was long, but was tied up, showing off her long neck. She wore a very attractive dress with a bright flower print. Roger was a bit older than Sharon, but I knew he kept himself in good shape. He was distinguished, with dark hair, a neat mustache and goatee. There was a calm look of amusement in his eyes as he saw me noticing their entrance, and, probably, my slack-jawed shock. Sharon also saw me gaping at them, and smiled at me across the room.

Before I could get over to my employee and her husband, though, Helen clapped her hands together a couple of times and said, "Well, we're all here now, and we better get this show going. If all of the ladies will join me upstairs..." She gestured up to the balcony overlooking the room, and led the way. Amber shot me a quizzical look, but I could only offer a shrug, so she followed Helen and the others upstairs. Christina, however, stayed downstairs, videotaping us men from a safe distance.

I took the opportunity to ask Marco, "What's going on?"

"Helen has a plan," he laughed. "Kind of a game, really. She's given this a lot of thought, apparently. She wants to mix up the couples and get the sexual tension going."

"That doesn't seem like it would take much work," I said.

"No," Marco said. "That's what I told her, but she has her heart set on this. She has rules, and thinks it would be funny just to tell the women what they are."

Before I could respond to this, the women started coming down. They were each carrying a card with a number on it, and tied to string loop, except for Sable, who was wearing hers, a '2', around her neck, and Sassy who didn't have one to carry. Without saying anything, each woman came up to her date and hung a number around his neck. Mine was a '7'. 

"I guess I get to be a guy tonight," Sable said to me.

"Not likely," I returned. I was already disappointed to think that this might mean I wouldn't get a chance to get paired with her.

Helen then said to everyone, "The ladies will now go to their designated partners for the first dance."

"Dance?" I wondered out loud.

"I suddenly feel like I'm in high school again," Sable muttered.

Apparently, Helen had explained what was going on to the women, because they each moved fairly quickly to a man, and, in Marina's case, to Sable. I later found out that Helen had had Amber draw a number to see what her starting number was, it turned out to be 1, which started her off with Will, and then Helen quickly arranged the others in the order in which their partners were number, which had also been a drawing process. It sounded very complicated when Amber explained it to me. Of course, none of these concerns were on my mind when the beautiful Ayisha stepped up to me and slipped her arms around my neck, saying, "Ah, here's my lucky number 7."

I smiled happily as I looked into her deep brown eyes and took gentle hold of her hips.

Seeing that everyone had paired off, Helen announced, "You ladies know the rules. Remember, there will be severe penalties for breaking them." She pointed a remote control at the stereo and a nice, sexy slow song started up.

"Penalties?" I asked Ayisha as we began to sway in time to the music.

"Mm-hm," she nodded, moving in closer to me.

After a long moment to enjoy the feeling of this sexy, voluptuous woman in my arms, I thought to ask, "What kind of penalties?"

Ayisha moved in even closer, which I didn't mind in the least. I felt her breath on my neck as she said, "She didn't say. It sounded very sinister."

"Mmm, I see," murmured in her ear, as I breathed in the intoxicating aroma of her perfume. I felt like there was no way the moment could get any better than that, but I was wrong.

"I like feeling your hard-on pressed against me," Ayisha whispered. 

"Um," I said glibly, "it likes being pressed against you."

She laughed throatily, and said, "I hope that's not all it likes."

Swallowing hard, I said, "Oh, it likes a variety of things – you, in particular."

"Oh, I can tell."

I vaguely noticed that I could see Amber across the room, slowly swaying against big, cheerful Will, her body tiny in his embrace. I also saw Marina wrapped in Sable's arms. They seemed to be engaged in an enthusiastic hug more than dancing.

Then my attention was firmly drawn back to my partner when she said in my ear, "Later, when the rules allow, I want you to take me. I want you to fuck me and use my body for your pleasure."

I thought I was in danger of cumming in my pants at that moment. A shudder passed through my body, and Ayisha chuckled. "I take it that sounds good?" she asked.

I pulled back from her enough to look her in her laughing eyes and said, "It would be my very great pleasure to accommodate you in that, ma'am."

She laughed then and buried her face in my neck, which is how we passed the rest of the suddenly very brief song.

Helen got everyone's attention, not only by telling the women to, "Shift up one!" but also by apparently having changed during the song. Now, in addition to her thigh-high boots, she was wearing what looked to be a tightly fitting black latex dress that was sleeveless and extremely short. She was also wearing long black latex gloves, and seemed to have a riding crop tucked under her arm. 

As Sharon stepped up in front of me and slipped her arms around me, Helen called out, "Remember the rule change, ladies!" The next song started at her command.

I smiled at Sharon as we began to gently sway to the music. "I don't know which thing to ask about first," I confessed.

"Oh, Helen and I have been talking about you for ages," Sharon laughed. "When I confessed I'd like to get you in bed, she asked how my husband would feel about that, and I told her we were swingers. The rest is history."

"I see," I smiled, suddenly very conscious of her full breasts pressed against my chest and her pelvis rubbing against mine. Noticing my distraction, and, no doubt, my throbbing physical approval of the situation, Sharon squeezed in even closer. I completely failed to ask how much history and of what sort was included in "the rest".

"What else did you want to ask?" Sharon eventually prompted me.

"Oh, um, what rule change?" I managed.

She laughed again, leaning in closer with an upturned face, "We're allowed to do this now."

I was about to ask, "What?" but her mouth was on mine then. Tentative at first, but then with increasing passion our kiss lasted for a very long time. By the end of it our tongues were slipping and pressing against each other, and my hands were on her behind, pulling her tightly against me. We parted enough for me to look into her eyes, and to become vaguely aware that the other couples around us were making out with increasing fervor. I was pretty sure, and the videotape later confirmed it, that Amber was busy getting reacquainted with Sable's wonderful talented mouth. Then, Sharon and I were kissing again – deeply and almost violently. Then I was kissing her face and neck. Eventually our mouths met again and we lingered there in mutual oral delirium. 

As the song faded out, Sharon pulled back and said, "I trust my performance is satisfactory, sir."

It was my turn to laugh. I was already thinking it was going to be impossible to get any work done in the office anymore. I managed to quip, "Yes, so far, but the evaluation process is far from over."
