 Beverly and Mark had been married for three years after dating steady for eight years. Mark was now twenty-five and Beverly had just turned twenty-two. He was the only one she had ever had sex with, although several boys had tried, beginning as early as the sixth grade. A few had managed to get a feel of her very ample breasts, and one had even managed to get a hand in her panties, but that was her only sexual experience until she met Mark. Her parents didn't approve of her dating a boy three years older, but finally gave in to her continued pleas after she made them aware that he was the brother of a friend of hers who lived in the same neighborhood. Their initial disapproval of Mark soon vanished as he used his boyish charm to seduce them, convincing both her parents that he was the "all-American" ideal, high school athlete, active church-goer, clean and moral. 

Mark had everyone fooled, for beneath his nice-boy exterior he was completely the opposite, always on the prowl for another conquest and usually successful at his attempts to make it' with every girl he fancied. And he fancied Beverly the very first time he saw her. She was not only pretty, but had a well-developed body for a fourteen-year-old, a body that would easily compete with any Playboy model. Her short, blonde hair and brilliant blue eyes accentuated her dimpled cheeks and full lips, looks that easily made her the most sought-after girl in her Junior High class. 

Beverly didn't understand the reasons for her popularity, refusing to believe friends' comments about her good looks, always unpretentious, never conceited. This was most likely because Beverly was the classic example of the dumb blonde'. She had the face and the body that made boys drool, but frankly, Beverly was a little slow upstairs. It took a lot of effort on her part with a lot of assistance from her parents for her to barely pass each grade. She was easy pickings for Mark, something he sensed when he first met her, and it was a mere three dates before he managed to get in her pants. 

Mark was able to fondle her breasts freely on their very first date and had her completely undressed on their second date at the local drive-in theater. Her immediate infatuation with the older boy made Beverly eager to please him in any way she could and his sexual advances were mere flattery to her. Her infatuation quickly turned to teenage love and in a very short time, she became completely obsessed with the popular high school star. Mark took full advantage of Beverly's obsession, quickly changing her from the innocent virgin she had been into his sex toy, willing to do anything he wished, wherever he wished. 

She thought that putting his cock in her mouth was dirty and obscene when he first told her to do it, but she soon became an expert cock-sucker, pleased that Mark enjoyed it so much. She didn't even pretend to resist the first time Mark fucked her in the ass, complaining only that it made her feel like she had to used the bathroom. Their dates became no more than sex outings, Mark driving straight to various lovers lanes or any convenient place to get his rocks off with the pretty girl. On occasions Mark would take Beverly to a drive-in theater if there was a movie showing that he wanted to see, but even then he usually had her suck his cock while he watched the movie. Beverly didn't seem to mind, happy to just be with the boy she was so deeply in love with.

Mark continued to date Beverly during the year he worked full time after graduating from high school, using her delightful body every chance he got unless another conquest was available. Beverly believed that Mark was faithful to her and, much to the dismay of boys at her school, rejected every other boy who approached her for a date. 

The following year Mark left for college and a new lifestyle. He and Beverly corresponded and phoned each other on a regular basis and when Mark would come home during different holidays, the two were inseparable. Although Mark was getting plenty of ass at school, he was insatiable and Beverly was a convenient lay, easy and accessible. Beverly's love for Mark was so deep that she didn't even consider going out with someone else, happy to wait for the man she planned to marry to come home for a couple days or a week, ecstatic when he was home for the summer. Mark had used the marriage gambit a few times to keep Beverly on the hook and before he knew it, their marriage had become a planned event, with her parents treating him as their son-in-law, even talking about the grandchildren they expected. 

Mark had always felt he could easily get out of the threat of getting married whenever he wanted, but after graduating from college, the marriage snowball became an avalanche and before Mark knew it, he was married. Actually, Mark could have shown his true colors and dumped Beverly, but he would have had to leave town to avoid her father's wrath. The big Dutchman wasn't someone to piss off and besides, being married to Beverly had it's advantages. For one thing, her parents were fairly wealthy and they showered the newlyweds with some pretty expensive gifts, including a new, three-bedroom house complete with swimming pool, a sports car, and a cushy job for Mark at his father-in-law's business. After looking at the pros and cons, Mark felt he had made the right choice. Sure, he didn't love his wife, but she was devoted to him, a real beauty at the age of eighteen, and he would never have to worry about who wore the pants in their house, as subservient as Beverly was to him.

Mark soon learned that marriage was an entirely different relationship than dating and he quickly became bored with the sex he had with Beverly. He could use her body however he desired, but he missed the occasional fling of elicit sex he experienced throughout high school and college. It was difficult for Mark to get out by himself to even find a different challenge, let alone having a chance to get some strange pussy. The situation made Mark begin to experiment with different scenarios to enhance the sex he had with Beverly. It began simply enough, with Mark calling home and telling Beverly to be waiting for him with nothing but high heels on. 

That spiced things up a little, but Mark soon tired of that game and turned to renting adult videos, he and Beverly watching them together and then acting out some of the scenes. Mark began to fantasize over some of the videos, imagining himself and Beverly doing the same things as the actors. He would tell Beverly of his fantasies while they fucked, insuring her that they were only fantasies when, in his own mind, he had a deep desire to act them out, to make them real. He knew she would do anything he desired in private and with just him, but at the same time, he knew that Beverly would adamantly oppose any attempt to actually do some of the things pictured in the videos. It seems that Beverly had gained some inner strength after they were married, not even hesitating to let Mark know when she disapproved of something, quick to tell him no' when she wanted, no longer fearful of losing him.

One warm, summer evening after they had eaten and Beverly had cleaned up the kitchen, Mark suggested "hey, honey, why don't we drive downtown or just drive around like we used to? There's nothing on the boob tube tonight, so why don't we just get out of the house for awhile?"

Beverly immediately liked the idea. "Sure, that sounds good. It has been a long time since we just drove around town." She thought a minute, then added, "let me change first. I don't want to go anywhere in these ragged shorts." Mark nodded agreement, knowing how Beverly was about going out anywhere dressed shabbily, usually preferring to wear a dress and heels when they went downtown. 

Mark whistled appreciatively when Beverly came out of the bedroom. He was glad she took the time to change. She was a knockout! Beverly had decided to wear her green sheath dress, the one that hugged her shapely form like a second skin, accentuating every delicious curve of her body. Mark had always liked her in that dress and had been the primary reason Beverly had purchased it. The neck fastened tightly around her smooth neck in an oriental collar with just a small slit in the front that barely revealed the crevice between her creamy breasts. The bodice tightened to her skin from just under her breasts and down over her curvy hips before loosening slightly around her thighs, ending just six inches above her knees, revealing the most perfect kneecaps any woman would envy. Mark liked the zipper on the side that held the dress tight to Beverly's waist, often unzipping it and slipping his hand inside and then under her panties. He found it was convenient for getting a feel in a movie without pulling up her dress hem and would get Beverly to remove her panties before they left the house, leaving her sexily bare beneath the silken material.

Beverly smiled at Mark's whistled compliment and turned slowly around, giving Mark the full view of her sexy body. "Do I look okay?"

"Baby, you always look okay, but in that dress, you look spectacular!" Mark ran his eyes up and down her body and was pleased to not see any hint of panties beneath the dress, although he wasn't sure if was because Beverly knew he liked her to go without panties or if it was because the silken material always showed the panty line, even with panty hose, which Beverly didn't like to wear or need to, with her tanned legs.

The small town was nearly deserted when they arrived, even though it was only eight-thirty on a Saturday. The town only had two movie theaters, one hamburger diner, and little else other than a few scattered bars. Still, there wasn't any town within fifty miles that provided more, so it was where most young people came for entertainment. Mark and Beverly had seen both movies playing at the theaters, and she wanted to window shop at the closed stores, so Mark pulled up beside one store and parked. When they got out of the car, Mark noticed that their car was the only one on the block, although he could see some cars in the next block in front of the town's single hotel. He followed Beverly into the large alcove of the store as she paused to look at different clothes displayed on mannequins, commenting on one garment and then another, expressing her desire for one pair of shoes on display. 

All during Beverly's browsing, Mark stood behind her with his arms around her waist, his crotch pressing against her ass, playfully kissing the back of her neck a few times, even letting his hands roam over her belly or sneaking upwards to grab a breast. The feel of her body and the excitement of touching her on a public street was beginning to make Mark horny, the bulge in his crotch becoming quite obvious while Beverly teasingly tried to push his hands away. 

Beverly finally saw all that the clothing store had to offer and moved on to the next store, Mark beside her, his arm around her waist with his hand drooping downward to feel her muscular butt as she walked. As they stopped in front of the jewelry store, a car drove past slowly, the driver clearly staring at the pretty blonde in the green dress. It was then that Mark got the idea to play out a fantasy, "did you see that guy, Bev? Man, he was really staring at you."

Bev looked down the street at the disappearing car, "no, I didn't see him, honey. I wonder why he was staring?" 

She could be so naive, Mark thought, then replied, "only blind men wouldn't stare at you, baby. And you look so-o-o sexy in that dress!"

Bev blushed, loving the compliment while denying it. "Oh, don't be silly! I'm not sexy and he probably wasn't even looking at me."

"Yes he was," Mark countered. "I'll bet you that pair of shoes you liked that he was."

Always game, Bev jumped at the chance to win a pair of shoes, "okay. Now, how are you going to prove it?"

Mark was sure the young man he saw staring at Beverly would be back if for no other reason than to make sure he was seeing things, so he explained, "easy. I'll go across the street and stay out of sight so that if he comes back, he'll think you're alone and slow down to look or even stop." Mark spotted the glitter of her wedding rings and added, "come to think of it, you better let me hold your rings. Any guy see them, they'll just keep going."

Beverly didn't like the idea of removing her rings, but she knew Mark was probably correct, so she begrudgingly worked them off her finger and handed them to him. "You better not lose them, Mark. I feel naked without my rings."

Mark laughed as he dropped the rings in his pocket, "hmm, now that would be one sure way of getting a guy to stop."

"Oh, you!" Bev playfully stomped her foot at Mark's foolishness then asked, "what am I supposed to do, look like I'm looking at jewelry or should I be walking?"

Mark spoke over his shoulder as he stepped into the street, "just look at the things in the window, but be turned so he can see your face." Mark hurried across the street, certain that the driver would be back soon or that someone would be cruising around as guys often did on Saturday nights as they looked for chicks to pick up. He slipped into the narrow space between two buildings directly across the street from where Beverly stood.

The gap was no more than two feet wide and Mark could see that by stepping back a couple feet he would be completely out of sight and still be able to watch Beverly. They waited five minutes and then ten, but no one drove down the street. Beverly turned to look across the street where she had seen Mark disappear and lifted her arms and shoulders in a silent question, obviously wondering what she was to do. Mark stepped out of the shadows so she could see him and made a motion for her to stay there for a few more minutes. He stepped back into the building shadows just as the same car that had passed earlier came into view and pulled up beside the store where Bev stood. 

Mark could see the driver lean over to the passenger side of the car and say something to Beverly and, to his complete surprise, she walked to the side of his car and bent over to speak, her head partially in the car. Mark's heart began to pound with excitement, a strange feeling flooding over him, as he watched as the two appeared to be holding a conversation. At one time he would have gone into a jealous rage, but now he found that the very thought that a stranger was obviously attempting to pick up his wife was actually turning him on. He felt the precum leak into his undershorts as he envisioned his beautiful Beverly with another man. Images from some of the adult videos flashed through his mind, but the women in the images were now his Bev. Mark's breathing became heavier, deeper, as he realized this could be the opportunity to actually experience his fantasy of sharing his wife with another man. He took one more deep breath before slipping out of the shadows and starting across the street, his eyes studying the man in the car as the two talked, oblivious to the approaching Mark. 

He heard Bev's cute laugh as he stepped up on the sidewalk just as she turned and saw him. Mark walked up to Bev and her heard her tell the man in the car "this is my boyfriend. See? I told you I was waiting for him."

Good girl, Mark thought, make the guy think you're waiting for your boyfriend. Sometimes Beverly could be very clever. Not bright, but clever in her own way. Mark bent over and looked in the car and saw that the guy Beverly had been talking to was about his own age. The guy was immediately apologetic, suddenly fearful after seeing the size of Beverly's boyfriend'. "Hey, man, everything's cool. Hope you don't mind me talking to her. We met at the Dairy Queen some time ago and I just thought I'd say hi."

Mark dismissed the lie, knowing that Beverly had never been to the local teen hangout since they were married, but he didn't let on, "no sweat, man. I don't care who she talks to." Mark stuck out his hand to show he wasn't threatening, "my name is Rick," he lied, "what's your's?"

The driver of the car took his hand, wincing slightly at Rick's strong grip, "Bob. My name is Bob. Glad to meet you."

Mark asked as though making conversation, "so, whatcha' up to, Bob? Find any action in this town?"

"Oh, I was just driving around," Bob explained. "Things are really dead where I live, so I thought I'd check things out here. But even the Dairy Queen is dead tonight. Where is everybody?"

"Guess they're at the movies," Mark opined. "Sometimes it gets like this. A guy can't find any fun." He appeared to be thinking for a moment, then suggested, "say, seeing as how you're just driving around, why don't we ride with you? Maybe we can find some fun."

Bob beamed at the suggestion, animatedly leaning across the seat as he answered, "you bet! That sounds like a good idea. Maybe you can show me something about this town that I don't know."

Mark grasped the door handle and pulled it open, beckoning for Beverly to get in first. She eagerly sat down on the leather seat and slid over next to Bob as Mark got in the car, proud to be seated between two good-looking men. As Bob pulled the car away from the curb, he leaned forward so he could see around Beverly and asked, "where to, Rick? I don't know this area all that well."

"Go two blocks and take a left," Mark advised. "Let's head out to the beach. Might be something going on out there."

Bob did as Mark said, and once they were on the broad boulevard heading to the beach, Mark queried, "so, Bob, you say you met Bev at the Dairy Queen?"

"Yeh," Bob lied, "but that was months ago. We just talked a little and I thought I recognized her when I saw her at that jewelry store."

"Hey, a lot of guys want to talk to Bev. She attracts guys like bees to honey." Mark was trying to relax Bob with small talk, wanting him to feel at ease while he planned how he was going to get Bev to give them both a little fun. After a minute, Mark thought of an opening. "Was she wearing shorts when you met her?"

Bob shook his head and compounded his lie, "naw, she was wearing jeans, I think."

Mark sounded disappointed for what Bob had missed, "man, you missed seeing the best looking legs there is, then. They're something!" Mark didn't wait for a reply but spoke quickly to Bev, "show him your legs, baby. Let Bob see what he missed."

Bev laughed embarrassingly, "oh, you men! Always wanting to look at a girl's legs!" Despite her playful picking, Bev pulled her dress hem up to the middle of her thighs and stretched her legs out under the big Buick's dashboard.

Bob immediately expressed his approval of Bev's shapely legs as his eyes darted from the road and back again and again to her outstretched limbs, admiring the tanned curving flesh, "gosh, they are nice. Fantastic, really. You've got really nice legs, Bev."

Bev giggled at the attention to her lower anatomy, "oh, they aren't that special. Just legs. I don't see why you guys make such a fuss over a girl's legs."

Mark leaned in front of Bev and gripped the hem of the dress on each side as he chided, "aww, c'mon, Bev, show some leg! That's not enough to show Bob just how beautiful they are. Raise up," he directed. Bev lifted her hips slightly and Mark quickly slid the dress up under her ass, the hem barely covering her crotch. He sat back and commented, "there, that's more like it. Now he can see what they really look like."

Bob glanced down at Bev's legs again and whistled, "jeez, Bev, I bet you're something in a bathing suit."

Mark agreed, "yeh, she sure is. Even in those one-piece suits she wears." He placed one hand on Bev's thigh just above the knee. "Not only do they look good, but she has the smoothest skin, too. Like a baby's behind." Mark stroked the soft skin for a moment and then invited Bob, "feel it, Bob. It's so soft and smooth."
