 I walk from the hotel to one of the town's bar districts a few blocks away. It's around 10:00 and the sun has set all the way. The city would be dark if not for all the lights promoting beers, drink specials, dance halls, or the mere fact that places are open. My wife is in one of these bars. I don't know exactly which one. She has this fantasy where she goes to a bar and waits there and then I come in and we act like we don't know each other. It's supposed to be like I'm picking her up for a one night stand, which is something neither of us has done ever. We've never had sex with anyone but each other. We aren't prudes. Claire is very sexual and we have great sex, but we wanted to do something different. We've never gone so far with a fantasy before.

I walk past a few bars and start to think maybe we should have decided on one in particular. How am I going to find her amongst all the hundreds of people milling around and the dozen or more bars in the area? I walk into the next one that comes up on my right, but I immediately leave. I doubt she would have gone into a dance club. She doesn't dislike dancing, but it isn't really our thing. Even though this fantasy is supposed to be a hookup, I don't think she's really roleplaying anything that far outside of her own personality. The next bar seems more normal so I go in and look around, but I don't see her. There are a couple of hot chicks in there wearing brightly colored tight dresses that barely cover anything at all, but I don't give them more than a long glance.

I take it as a good sign when I find her in the third bar I try. It's a fairly small bar, but it is super crowded—standing room only. There are a few booths for people to sit in to my left and beyond that it looks like some doors to a kitchen and the bathrooms. There's a few high tables scattered across the floor of the room and on the opposite wall is a long bar with three bartenders working it. Claire is sitting on a stool at the far right end of the bar. My heart skips when I see her sitting there. She has a leather skirt on and it's gotten a little bunched from when she sat and is showing just a little sliver of her tan ass. It's my favorite part of her ass though—the place where the leg meets the ass and curves upward. I love to place my hands there and squeeze. I consider just walking up and grabbing it. She's got a big ass and it doesn't exactly even fit on the stool. I'm sure I'm not the only one to have noticed. I decide not to though and consider some of my rehearsed lines. I've never picked up a chick before. I practiced anything from a simple "hey" to "can I buy you a drink" to "hey, baby, when are you coming home with me tonight?" 

Remembering that she isn't supposed to be my wife, I decide to not go up to her right away. Instead, I step between two occupied stools a little farther down and flag down one of the bartenders. I order a rum and take a quick sip when the overly-bro bartender hands it to me. I pay in cash before turning around to survey the room. As I do, I see out of the corner of my eye that Claire is looking around too. I can't tell if she's seen me or not. If she has she's doing a good job of pretending not to know me. I watch her a moment and when she turns back around to face the bar I see she's got on her white shirt—the one with the really low neckline that you can see like six inches of cleavage from her large breasts. I imagine what it would be like if this fantasy was real, as if I didn't know her. I'd see her and want to know her. I'd totally try and pick her up if this was real, but it's a fantasy which means I actually do get to pick her up and take her back to "my" hotel room and fuck her. My heartbeat quickens thinking about taking her.

I walk over to her and say, "I saw you looking around. Are you waiting for someone?" This is not one of my rehearsed lines. What am I doing? I'm going to ruin it. I can't act to save my life.

"No," she says and doesn't look over at me. Clearly, she had seen me and was committed to her role.

"What's a sexy woman like you doing all dressed up like this and by yourself? You should be careful. You can't trust all these drunken dudes."

"But I can trust you?" she says and this time looks at me after she takes a drink from her glass. It looks like cranberry vodka which is about all she ever orders other than wine. "How do I know you aren't the sleaziest guy here?" she asks.

She doesn't want this to be easy I guess. I had kind of hoped I'd just show up, buy her a drink and we'd go back. Not that I didn't want to take part in her fantasy, but I don't think I'm good at roleplaying. And, dear God, what she's wearing makes me want to forget the whole thing just so we can run back to the hotel and roll around that great big bed.

"You've got it all wrong. I'm not like that," I say. I really have no idea what I'm supposed to say here. I've never used pickup lines ever. Claire's been my one and only.

"So, I'm not good enough for you?" she says and swivels the stool around to face me.

I feel my dick twinge in my pants a little bit at the playful smile she gives me. My dick gives a big twitch when I look down her shirt and see she has a bra on that I've never seen before. It's lacy and dark green to match her eyes. I look back up at her face and see her perfect soft lips that she's put lip gloss on just for me. She knows I'm a sucker for it. The way it makes her lips shine just gets me every time. She's straightened her long brown hair and it cascades all around her and rests delicately on her shoulders. It looks so soft. I imagine what it would feel like to run my hands through it. What it would feel like tickling my skin as she sucks me off while I sit in the big armchair in our room. I picture myself fucking her from behind with her hair in my hand and her back arching.

"You're too good for me. I guy like me wouldn't look right next to a gorgeous girl like you," I say and feel like I sound particularly suave. As I talk, I drop my eyes down her shirt again and I can't wait to see her tan breasts in that bra. I follow her curvy body down past her voluptuous hips and see that she isn't sitting completely ladylike with her skirt. Her knees are just a little apart and the skirt has rode up in the front too reveal a lot of her smooth thigh. I want to see if her panties match the bra, but the skirt isn't that far up. She's short but I love her legs and I scan my eyes over them. When I reach her feet I see she has a new pair of high heels on too. They're some sort of clear plastic and have to be at least six inches. Her ass is going to look so great when she walks in those. Hopefully she'll keep them on when we get back to the hotel. Lastly, I see that her toenails have been done and are painted bright pink. When did she have the time to do all this stuff? She made me go out of the room and walk around when she got ready and left, so I never saw her. I just got her text telling me it was my turn to get ready and to come find her in fifteen minutes.

"I don't know about that, but I can tell you like what you see," she says, indicating to my clear ogling of her.

"You're the sexiest thing I've ever seen," I say and I mean it. She's got me so turned on. Maybe this was a good idea after all.

"And you're just my type—short, brown hair, nerdy looking."

I nod. This is real Claire talking. She's told me that same thing many times.

"What's your name?" I ask.

She tells me hers and I tell her mine. We decided beforehand to just use our real names to make it easier on us.

"Can I buy you a drink?" I ask.

She nods, so I order her another cranberry vodka. I drain my rum and order another one for myself too. When the bartender returns with them I tip him generously. I think that's what I real guy would do in this situation in order to make a good impression on the girl.

"Let's move over to that booth that just opened up," she suggests.

I wait for her to go first so I can watch her walk over there. I was right. The heels make her sexy ass that already has a lovely roundness just that much firmer. I can't resist as I walk behind her and I grab her ass. She squeals and a few people look at us, but quickly go back to their drinks and conversations. I don't normally do things like that in public. I don't even hold hands well. In my head though, she really liked it and saw it as part of the roleplay. When we reach the booth she gestures for me to get in and I'm a little surprised when she gets in on the same side with me. I thought she might play hard to get a little while longer, but when I look in her beautiful eyes I see she's just bursting with desire. This fantasy is really working for her.

We talk like we don't know each other and ask about each other's jobs and interests. I tell her about my brothers and she talks about her sister. She drinks the cranberry vodka in one go and I've never seen her do that before. I take a little bit more time with mine. We keep talking and she keeps scooting closer. Each time she does I get a better and better view down her shirt. The last time she does she is leaning right up against me and I can see the entire top off her breasts and the bra is lacy, but I also see now that there are a lot of little connecting straps as well. I love strappy lingerie and the view is enough to make my semi turn into a full on raging boner. As if she knows, she puts her hands on my crotch and fondles me through my pants. It's dark and we're in the corner of the booth closest to the bathrooms so no one can really see us. She massages my balls a little bit through my pants, and then she plunges her hand down the front and grabs my throbbing cock. I moan a little bit as she strokes it while we sit in public.

Abruptly she stops and grabs the hand that I had swung around her and had on her shoulder and places it on her breast. Anyone who walked by would notice it and one person does as they walk to the bathroom, but he just grins before looking away. I knead her breast over her clothes for a while, but she grabs my hand again and moves it so I no longer have my arm around her. She places my hand on her thigh. I caress it and relish the warmth of her smooth skin. As soon as she lets go though, she pulls up her skirt as much as it will go and reveals that she does have matching panties on—the same dark green and lace. The whole thing is lace and I can see through it in places. She guides my hand to her pussy and I cup it for a moment before I work my way around the edge of the thin triangle of her panties covering her wetness. I tease her a little longer by rubbing my fingers up and down her sexy slit. It's her turn to moan. After I think I've teased her enough, I slip my hand under her panties and she pulls the skirt down over my hand as much as possible.

First, I just swirl my finger around savoring the wetness of her pussy. I rub a circular pattern on her clit and she squirms under my touch. I know that playing with her clit is what will make her come for me, but I don't want to make her just yet. I slip a finger all the way through her sexy folds and begin to thrust it in and out. If it wasn't so loud in the bar someone would hear her moans and if we were alone her pussy would be making a symphony of wet noises. I switch to using two fingers and she stiffens a moment in pleasure.

"Oh, fuck, Jake," she whispers into my ear. "I want to fucking cum right here. Make me cum."

I'm more than eager to oblige and I work my thumb to her clit and rub it while I finger her pussy. She rocks back and forth as I do it and the wood bench creaks a little bit. I look over but no one has noticed. I feel her tensing more and she puts her hand to her mouth to cover her words, but I can hear her saying "fuck" over and over again.

"This is so fucking hot," she whispers into my ear. "Keep going. Oh, fuck. Yes. I'm cumming."

She wiggles in her seat in ecstasy as I finger her to the edge and over. I finger her pussy and play with her clit making the orgasm last as long as possible. Finally, she puts her hand on mine to signal me to stop. I give her clit a few more passes with my thumb for good measure before I remove my hand from under her skirt.

"I can smell you on my fingers," I whisper into her ear. "You pussy smells so good." She looks over at me her eyes still shining from the orgasm. I put my fingers in my mouth and lick her juices off them. "You taste so good. You're pussy is like candy."

She watches me and takes a moment to come down from the high of her orgasm. Then she whispers into my ear that it's my turn. I expect her to put her hands down my pants, but she doesn't. Instead, she gets up and heads to the bathroom. They only have two bathrooms and they're both unisex. The first door is locked, but the second one is open. She looks around over my shoulder before ducking into the bathroom and pulling me in behind her. It's larger than I expected. There's a nice copper-looking sink. There's a toilet and urinal both. It doesn't look too dirty or even small bad.

"I never do this," she says. "But I want you in my mouth so bad."

I can't even form words because I'm so excited I just moan. She double-checks that the door is locked before kissing me passionately on the lips. Then she drops to her knees and undoes my belt buckle. She pulls my pants down to my ankles and fondles my throbbing cock through my boxer briefs a moment before pulling those down as well.

"It's so big," she says and wraps both hands around it. "Who knew you were packing this?"

She's painted her nails the same bright pink as her toes and they look so sexy wrapped around my cock. She runs her hands up and down my shaft a moment, but quickly opens her mouth and starts licking the head of my cock. I've been turned on for so long that there's a bunch of pre-cum on the tip and she swirls it around with her tongue before licking it all off. Then she stops again and pulls out her lip gloss and slathers it all over her lips. As she does, my dick twitches in front of her face and she giggles. Then she puts me in her mouth and her sexy shiny lips wrap around my cock. She bobs her head back and forth and deep throats my cock for a moment.

"I want you to fuck my mouth, Jake," she says after switching to stroking it again for a moment.

She licks up and down my rod covering it in her spit before she places just the head of my dick in her mouth. She moans and the vibrations make my balls tingle. I begin to rock my hips back and forth so I'm going in and out of her mouth. I keep going deeper and deeper expecting her to stop me but she doesn't. Instead, she plays with my balls and looks up into my eyes. As I look down on her with my hard cock in her mouth and her eyes locking with mine, I forget the fantasy of our hookup and all I can think about is how much I love her and how lucky I am to have married such a sexy woman.

"Fuck," I say. "You're going to make me cum."

She starts bobbing her head again and playing with my balls harder. I keep thrusting my hips and fucking her mouth.

"Fuck, Claire. Your mouth feels so good. I love fucking your mouth. I love you being on your knees," I say and then feel the pressure mounting in me. I try and hold it back not wanting her blowjob to end, but I can't. "I'm going to cum," I tell her. I'm trying to warn her so she can pull back, but she just grabs my ass and keeps pushing me into her mouth. I moan loudly and they can probably hear it in the bathroom next door. I start to come in her mouth and feel my hot load shoot out. She pulls my convulsing cock out of her mouth. I feel like I must come for minutes as I keep riding the orgasmic waves and shooting my jizz onto her smiling face. When I'm done she reaches up and strokes my cock a few more times to make sure every last drop of cum spills out. I wish I could take a picture of her because it is the sexiest, cutest, hottest she's ever looked. To my surprise, she doesn't turn to the sink and spit out what little I had shot into her mouth, but instead she gulps it down and swallows it. She's never done that before any of the other times she's sucked me off.

Just at that moment the bathroom door that is supposed to be locked swings open and a young woman about our age walks in. She stops as soon as she enters though and sees Claire on her knees with cum dripping down her face. I've got my pants down to my ankle and she can see my entire dick hanging limply in the air. She jumps in surprise. I quickly try and pull my pants up. Claire lets out a yelp and stands up. The woman closes the door and Claire quickly washes her face off, before rushing out of the bathroom. I follow as quickly behind as I can, still trying to tighten my belt. As we rush out of the bar it seems like everyone is looking at us and I can only imagine the images they conjure up in their minds. On the way out, I see the woman sitting at a table watching us leave.

"Are you okay, honey?" I ask, forgetting about the fantasy and roleplay altogether. I've caught up to her on the sidewalk outside.

"That was so hot getting caught like that," she says and she's positively glowing with the rush of it all.

I don't even have time to react before she returns to enacting our fantasy.

"I don't normally do that with strangers," she says.

"I guess I'm not an ordinary stranger then," I say deciding to continue to play along. If she wants to keep it up we can. We can talk about what happened later.

"Not with an excellent cock like that you aren't," she says and pats my junk as she stops on the sidewalk. "It's not that late. Do you want to do something else?" she asks looking up at me trying to make her eyes innocent, but I can see the fire in them and I know what she wants.

"I've got a room in a hotel just a few blocks from here," I say.

"Are you trying to take me back to your room? What kind of girl do you take me for?"

"If you don't want to you don't have to," I say trying to sound like a nice guy, but also making it clear I want her too. "But, I think my cock in your mouth wasn't enough and what you really want is me to fill your pussy," I whisper in her ear.

She melts up against me and rests her head on my chest a moment. Then she looks up at me and I know I've done a good job as husband and role-played stranger. She takes my hand and asks me to lead the way to the hotel. We make it back to the hotel flirting like strangers along the way. We can barely keep our hands off each other by the time we reach our room and I fumble with the card trying to open the door. As soon as we're inside she's all over me. The fantasy is done for the most part. The plan was always to come back to the room and have sex. We didn't plan on the fingering or the blowjob in the bar though.

"I can't wait to fuck you again," I tell her. 

She lies in the bed on her back and beckons for me to come over. We kiss like we're teenagers at the drive-in again for a while until she can feel my dick getting hard again. She grabs it and gives it an affirmative squeeze. I take the queue and pull her skirt off and fling it across the room. Her panties do have straps like the bra, six thing little strings on each side go across her hips connecting the front to the back. She takes off her shirt and I take off mine. I kick of my shoes, but she leaves her heels on. She pulls my pants and underwear down and throws them in a pile on the floor. She lies back down on the bed and I press my naked body up against hers. We kiss again, but I work my way down her neck until I reach her tits. She has the best tits, they're big, but fit perfectly in my hands. They aren't too big like some of those fake porn stars. I stick my face between her tits and motorboat them. She runs her hands through my hair and pulls on it.

I kiss my way down her stomach and then down one thigh and back up the other. I make a wide circle around her mound kiss her panties. I tease her again like in the bar, but this time I use my tongue instead of my fingers. She moans and squirms. I hear her breath quicken. I lick her pussy through the panties and breathe on her lips gently. Then I pull them to the side and see that she's shaved it all off for me. I run my tongue around her outer lips before parting them and kissing her everywhere I can find. I run my tongue over her pussy from bottom to top like I'm licking the sexist ice cream cone of all time. I swirl my tongue around her clit and savor the scent of her pussy. She's still wet from earlier and I've only added to it. I can see her creamy wetness when I spread her wide open so I can look at her sexy pussy. It glistens like it too has lip gloss. Then I go back down and skipping the clit for now I plunge my tongue as deep into her as I can go. I feel her juices all over my face.
