 Jamie's parents were gone for the weekend and I had taken the weekend off work to join her at her house for the occasion. It was our sophomore year in college and we went to different schools but met through a mutual friend and hit it off. We started dating and had been together for a few months now. Jamie lived at home to save money which was smart but made it awkward to visit her. So when her parents left for the weekend on a vacation, we jumped at the chance to spend the weekend together and not have to worry. 

I arrived at her house Friday afternoon, just after her parents left. I knocked and she let me in. I brought my bag to her room and went back to my car for my other items. I had brought bottle after bottle of booze as Jamie had planned for a weekend of partying.

After I had brought everything in, Jamie told me that the party would start around 8 and that she needed to shower and get ready. Despite having dated for a few months, showers were still a personal thing and somewhat off limits to me. She scampered off and I relaxed in her room, getting myself a drink and turned on the TV. 

I could hear the shower starting in the next room and I imagined what she was doing in there. I thought about her stripping off all her clothes. I could imagine her pulling her shirt up over her slender body, stretching around her D-cup breasts and finally over her beautiful face before her soft brown hair fell gently back to her shoulders. I pictured her then unbuttoning her skin tight jeans, inching them down her round, perfect ass and sliding them down her legs that seemed to go on for days. 

I couldn't think about it anymore. Temptation got the best of me and I got up off her bed and quietly made my way to the bathroom. She had left the door cracked so the bathroom wouldn't steam up. I silently moved up next to the door and peeked in through the crack. She was standing at the shower, leaning in and testing the water. Wearing only a skimpy black thong, she bent in, adjusting the water. Her thong had a little bow on the back as if her ass was crafter by god himself and given to me as a gift. I should have written him a thank you card. Jamie must have decided that the water was now perfect and slid her panties down before stepping in the stream of water. 

I had seen her naked quite a few times but never without her knowing like this. It excited me in a way I had never felt. I watched her silhouette through the tempered glass as she wet herself in the hot water. Steam poured over the top of the glass, fogging the mirror. Jamie's hands moved up and down her body, moving through her hair as she soaked herself. I watched on as she washed her hair. The curves of her body through the glass were perfect. Her breasts were large and perky, protruding from her slender frame. Her ass stuck out as she arched her back, rinsing her hair. She began soaping her body, her hands once again moving all over her body, lingering on her large breasts. She rubbed the gently before slipping one hand down between her legs. I could see Jamie's hand moving over her crotch, soaping up her pussy. She took her time cleaning herself, enjoying the feeling. 

I was too turned on to keep my place at the door. I opened the crack wide enough to slip in and quickly stripped down. My dick was fully erect and exposed and I made my way to the shower door. Jamie was lost in herself as she cleaned her body. She had no idea I had been watching her and was now at the entrance to her shower. I slid the glass open and she snapped out of her trance. I stepped in, putting a hand on her hip.

"Holy shit you scared me! What are you doing in here?"

"I needed to shower to so I figured I would join you. I didn't mean to interrupt you."

Jamie glanced down at my stiff cock and a smile crept across her face. 

"You can wash my back"

She took my hand and poured body wash in it before turning around. I began rubbing my hands up and down her back caressing her curves. I moved my hand down the middle of her back, over her dimples and around to her waist. I continued up her sides before sliding my hands around her body and cupping her tits. She arched herself to my touch, pressing her tits into my hand and her ass against my cock. I slid my hands back down to her waist and pulled her into me, my cock sliding between her legs. I moved a hand around her waist to her pussy, rubbing the outside of her lips. She pressed herself against me harder. I pulled back slightly, lifting my cock to her. I rubbed my head around her pussy, up to her asshole and back down again. She reached back between her legs, grabbing my cock and stopping my game. She lined my cock up and forced her hips back into me, guiding my cock into her wet pussy. She bent over a little further as I inched my way inside of her. The water was flowing rapidly down her back, streaming down her perfect ass and over my cock as I sunk it into her.

Jamie let out a moan as I filled her. I grabbed her shoulder and held her hip and started pumping in and out. Her pussy was slick in the hot water and I glided in and out of her as I started to pound her harder. The water splashed and smacked with ever collision of our bodies. With every thrust, she let out another moan. I could feel the tension building in me as I slid closer to the edge. Jamie could feel me throbbing in her as I fucked her from behind.

"Cum on me baby. Pull out and fucking cum on me!" 

I pounded her harder, bringing myself closer and closer to her demands. I could feel it rise up in me and I slid my cock out of her. Jamie quickly turned around and knelt down grabbing my cock and jerking her hand on my shaft. She worked my cock with her hand, aiming it at her tits. I could feel myself lose control and I began to unload. Cum shot out onto her chest, splashing across her tits. She took my head into her mouth to lick the last drops as the dribbled out. As she stood, she put a hand on my shoulder and I knew it was her turn now. I dropped to my knees now, knowing what she wanted. She braced herself on my head and put a leg over my shoulder as I moved in. 

Water was pouring down over my head and pooling on my tongue as I licked her pussy. My hands cupped her ass as I buried my face into her. My hands spread her as I pressed a finger to her asshole. I licked her clit faster, pressing into her as my finger circled and toyed with her ass.

"Oh yeah that feels good! I love it when you lick my pussy!"

I worked her clit from my knees as I pressed my finger into her ass. I had never done this with Jamie before and I didn't know how she would take it, so I entered her slightly, reading her reaction.

"You like my ass baby? You want to play with my ass while you eat my pussy?"

I answered her with a hum that sent vibrations into her clit. She moaned in approval. I pressed my finger a little deeper into her ass and she began bucking my mouth. I had her at the edge and playing with her ass was sending her over. I pressed my tongue hard into her clit and hummed louder. The feeling of me playing with her ass and the vibrations on her clit made her legs shake.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming! Holy shit I'm cumming!"

She held on to me tightly as she shook and her pussy quivered. When her orgasm finally subsided, I slid my finger out of her and stood facing her.

"I've never cum like that in my life. Holy shit that felt good."

I held her tightly and let the water stream down on us.

**********

It was about 9 when other people started to arrive. We drank and played card games as the party went on. Many of the people were a year younger than us. One girl in particular stood out to me. She was a blonde named Bree. Her and Jamie had been friends for a while and she was pretty attractive. As the night went on and the drinks flowed, every got lose. Bree and another girl began making out on the couch, grabbing and feeling each other. Jamie sat on my lap in a chair as we watched the two girls kiss and touch. Jamie seemed as in to it as I was and I was starting to get hard.

"Have you ever been with a girl?" I asked Jamie.

"No but I've always wanted to try it. Why? Do you want to fuck her?"

I did but I wasn't about to admit it right then despite having had plenty of drinks.

"It's ok if you do! I think she's hot. If she wanted to, she could join us."

I was speechless and my cock grew stiff thinking about the chance to have both of these beautiful girls. Bree and the other girl stopped themselves before getting too far and the night continued. By 1am, everyone was pretty drunk and some people were crashing for the night. Jamie took my hand and began leading me to her room. She stopped us when we passed Bree.

"Hey, we're going to bed. You can stay in my room with us."

"It's ok, I don't mind sleeping on the couch."

"Come on, you should come to bed with us. I think you should join us. It'll be fun."

"I don't think I should"

"Well, we're going to go to my bed, and you should come join us. I'll leave the door unlocked in case you change your mind"

As we continued to Jamie's room, she snuck a hand into Bree's bag and pulled something out before hurrying me to her room. Once inside she handed me a camera. She had taken Bree's camera out of her bag. 

"Here, let's let her see what she's missing."

I turned the camera on and Jamie went to work, stripping and posing for pictures. She was down to just a red thong, posing on her bed, cupping her tits, loving every second of our photo shoot. I came over to her on the bed and she unzipped my pants, pulling out my hard dick. I took a picture of her holding me in her hands. She took me in her mouth and began sucking me until I was stiff. She looked up at me with wanting eyes as she worked my cock. I took another picture of her, her mouth wrapped around my shaft. She continued to suck until she wanted more. She laid back on the bed and I moved between her legs. I pulled her thong to the side, exposing her pussy. She was turned on and wet and I took another picture. 

I moved up further between her legs, bringing my cock to meet Jamie's wet pussy. I snapped more pictures as I pressed my cock into her. Jamie pulled her knees into her chest as I began thrusting into her so I could have a clear shot of my cock pounding her. We rolled over and she mounted me, posing as she rode my cock. She looked perfect straddling me, working my cock. She turned and faced away from me, letting me take more pictures of her riding me, this time with her ass working for the camera. She climbed off me, this time, posing on all fours, bending over, ready for more. I took another picture of her looking back, waiting for me. I knelt behind her, taking more pictures of my cock sliding in her from behind. 

Jamie pressed her face into a pillow, moaning as I pounded her from behind between shots. She reached back with both hands, spreading her ass for me. She was picture perfect with my cock in her pussy and her hands spreading her ass, showing her waiting hole. I reached down with me free hand, circling her ass with my thumb. 

"Oh yeah! That's so fucking hot when you play with my ass!"

I rubbed my thumb on her pussy, doing my best to lube it before pressing it into her ass. It was tight and she moaned as I slowly slid my thumb into her, taking pictures the whole way. I set the camera down and went to work, thrusting into her pussy, working her ass with my hand. She screamed out into her pillow as she buried her face again spreading her ass for me. Her body tightened and her muscles clamped down on me. I kept thrusting into her as she came. I started throbbing as her pussy tightened on my cock. I pulled my thumb out of her and grabbed my cock. I pulled out of her as I started to cum. I aimed my cock as my load streamed out onto her ass across her hole and up to her back. She held herself there, posing her cum soaked ass for more pictures.  

"Oh that felt good! I need more, give me more! Lick me and eat my pussy!"

I put my hand on her back and kept her bent over. She spread her ass for me and I started to lick her, trying my best to get a good shot. I licked the cum from her cheeks and slid my tongue over her cum drenched asshole. I pressed into her as I licked her. 

"Oh that's it! Lick me baby!"

She pushed herself back into my face as I licked her pussy, sliding my tongue down to her clit. She brought a hand down between her legs and began rubbing her clit. I lifted slightly and pressed my tongue into her pussy. She rubbed faster as I tongue fucked her from behind until she was cumming once more. 

We both collapsed forward. Deciding that we had gotten enough for the night, we pulled the covers up over us and fell asleep.

**********

The next morning, we got up and went to the living room where some of the party guests were still asleep. Jamie slipped the camera back into Bree's bag. We woke the others and mixed morning drinks. We were going to have a full day party and had to start right away. As the day went on, we played games and watched TV as we drank. 

It wasn't until later in the day that Bree went to her bag to get her camera out. She didn't notice the added pictures at first but soon after snapping a few herself, she saw that she had more than she did the night before. I tapped Jamie and pointed over at Bree who was now sitting on the couch, flipping through the pictures we took for her. She went through them slowly, occasionally looking up to see if anyone was watching her. She looked over at us and Jamie winked. Bree looked back down at the pictures, licked her lips and looked back up at us. I didn't know what picture she was licking her lips at but she whatever it was, she liked it.

Jamie was excited to see if Bree would join us for the night and it didn't take long to find out if it would happen. Bree came over to us and said she didn't sleep well on the couch the night before. 

"It looks like your bed is much more enjoyable. I missed out last night but I think I want to join you tonight."

"I'd like that" Jamie said with a smile.

We went about the night as Jamie set down ground rules. It was going to be her first experience with another girl and she was a bit unsure of seeing me with someone else. She said I was allowed to fuck her if she wanted me to but I couldn't cum in her and I wasn't allowed to do anal with her. And if at any point she felt uncomfortable, we would stop. I could live with the rules.

Everyone was nearly trashed by 8 and by 11, people were passing out. Bree came over to Jamie, wrapped her arms around her and began kissing her. Jamie's hands moved down and squeezed Bree's ass. 

"It looks like you two have had enough. I think you should go to bed."

"I think you're right" Bree said.

Jamie led her to the bedroom and I followed closely behind. Before I even shut the door behind me, they were back at each other. Bree had practically tackled Jamie onto the bed and was on top of her, kissing her, breaking only to take their clothes off. I watched on as my girlfriend was taken by this little blonde tart. Bree was skinny and didn't have much of an ass or tits but she was still pretty hot. I stripped along with them as they kissed. Bree unbuttoned Jamie's pants and slid her hand down into them. Jamie tilted her head back and gasped in pleasure. I came over to them, placing my hard dick into Jamie's open mouth. She began sucking me ad Bree fingered her pussy. She moaned on my cock as Bree's hand worked her. She took my cock and held it to Bree's mouth, as if feeding it to her. Bree took me in, giving Jamie a chance to finish stripping down. Jamie laid back on the bed, spreading her legs to us. Bree took my cock from her mouth and went down between Jamie's legs. 

Bree's ass stuck up into the air as she bent down to Jamie's pussy. She pulled her blonde hair to the side so I could watch her tongue descend on Jamie's wet pussy. Jamie looked down her body, to see Bree lick and suck her clit. She started moaning, rubbing her tits as her pussy was treated to Bree's mouth. 

"Do you want to fuck her baby? Do you want to fuck her while she eats my pussy?"

I didn't hesitate. I moved back behind Bree and pressed my hard cock up to her shaved pussy. She was wet and ready for me. She paused from her work giving me a chance to enter her. She felt good as I glided into her. I rocked her back and forth on Jamie's pussy as I pumped my cock into her from behind. Jamie was screaming out and I watched as her legs clamped around Bree's head and her hands squeezed her tits. Bree was making her cum all over her mouth. 

Bree lifted off Jamie's pussy and looked back to watch me fuck her. I pulled out of her and went over to Jamie. She turned to me and opened her mouth to me. I slid my cock into her mouth for her to lick and suck the taste of Bree's pussy off me. I pulled myself out of her and moved between her legs. I lifted her legs up and slid my cock into her with a gasp of pleasure.

"Oh that tastes good. I need more of that." 

Bree climbed over Jamie to face me and put her legs on either side of Jamie's head. She lowered herself down onto Jamie's face, letting her get her first real taste of sweet pussy. Jamie lifted her head, not wanting to wait another second and took Bree's pussy in her mouth. Bree watched me pump my cock into Jamie as Jamie licked her pussy. It was Jamie's first time licking pussy but she had Bree cumming in minutes. Bree leaned down above Jamie's pussy, moaning in pleasure. I pulled my cock out of my girlfriend and lifted it up to Bree. She took my cock in her mouth, sucking the juice off as she came. 

I returned my cock to Jamie and shoved it in her with more force. Jamie moaned into Bree's mound as I pounded her. Bree held Jamie's legs up as I plowed deeper into her. The feeling was incredible and I could no longer contain myself. I shoved myself as deep into Jamie as I could and started cumming. I felt myself shoot my load, filling Jamie. Cum spewed out of her as I emptied myself in her. I heard her muffled screams as her pussy overflowed. She tightened on my cock as she came with me.

I pulled my cock out of her as a flow of our cum followed. Bree climbed off of Jamie's face and moved down between her legs. She opened her mouth and dragged her tongue up from Jamie's ass to her clit, collecting the dripping cum from her pussy. Jamie came again almost instantly as Bree cleaned her pussy. A gush of cum flowed out, down Bree's face as Jamie shook in ecstasy. 

**********

The next day after everyone had left, I helped clean before Jamie's parents returned home. Bree had left early in the morning. Jamie and I didn't talk about our experience the night before. I didn't feel like we needed to. We both knew she had an amazing first experience with another girl and I knew I wanted another.