 Joe sat in the corner of the club and watched the woman at the bar as he'd done for many nights now. She'd been in every night for over a week and had become a form of entertainment for him. It was his club and he made it his business to know his guests, especially ones as gorgeous as her. 

She had made no attempts to hide her assets in the past and tonight was no different. She wore a tight, black skirt and boots up to her knees. They showed off a pair of great legs and nice ass. Her large breasts were practically spilling out of the red and black top that looked more like it belonged under something rather than over it. Her creamy skin was almost glowing under the club lights and her jet-black hair fell in waves around her head, with curls resting on her chest.              

Yes it was obvious to Joe and most likely anyone else watching her, that she knew she had the goods to flaunt. Joe had been watching her all this time, not only for his own pleasure but because there was an air about her, a vibe she gave off that intrigued him. 

He'd seen her flirt with all the men that approached her and yet she never once left with any of them. The women were drawn to her as well and it pleased him to see her give them the same, if not more attention as she gave the men. They would buy her drinks and ask her to dance. She would smile and accept every offer in a sexy, almost seductive way but she never lingered on any one person for more than that. 

Tonight he decided to find out what her story was and see if she would fit into his plan.               He gestured for Dee, one of his servers and had her give the woman a drink on him. As he waited to see how she'd react he thought about his plan. She looked like what he wanted but would she fit the bill? 

Joe was married to one hell of a lady. 

Kelly was every man's wet dream. She was 5'7" with long, golden hair and legs that went on forever. She had this way of looking innocent and pure one minute and a devil's tease the next. She had a body that didn't stop with breasts big enough for two hands and an ass you could do anything to.  

Although he loved her body and the things she let him to do it, he also loved her for who she was and how she made him feel. He was her King and she showered him with all the love he could handle. Most importantly she trusted him and that made for a great bond and a great sex life between them.

Kelly liked to be controlled in the bed and Joe was always happy to please her. She liked it when he talked dirty and was rough to her. 

Lately though, he'd been running out of ideas to keep things exciting in the bedroom. Not that she was complaining, in fact she seemed quite happy with the way things were going but he wanted to do something they'd never done that would surprise, yet please her. 

After the first couple nights of watching the woman at the bar it came to him. He could bring a guest home to play with them. Kelly often teased him with the idea of her making out with another woman. They both knew it would turn him on, there was no doubt but she brought it up so much he began to think she wanted it herself. 

So he decided to put his little woman to the test and see just how far she'd go. 

The lady at his club was such a contrast to Kelly he knew watching them together would be an awesome sight. He was only hoping this all went the way he wanted.

The woman took her drink from Dee as Joe watched. He saw her question Dee as to whom it came from and look his way at Dee's answer. Joe tipped his head and she smiled at him in thanks. She took a small sip from it before she got up and moved towards him. 

Joe watched her walk thinking to himself, "she just oozed sex."

"Hello." she said reaching his table.

"Hello to you." he replied. 

"May I join you?" 

"Oh yes, please do." He stood to make room for her. 

She sat down next to him and took another drink. He watched her lips on the cup and couldn't help but see them in his mind around Kelly's nipples. The image made him hard in a second and he was glad to be hidden by the table. 

"I'm Heather." she said in a voice so perfectly matched to her sexual appeal.

"Nice to meet you Heather, I'm Joe." He reached to shake her hand.

She thanked him for the drink and he said it was no problem. After all being the owner gave him the ability to offer drinks to pretty ladies. 

"I knew you owned this place." she stated, "I've seen how you carry yourself around here and how you interact with the employees."

Joe smiled. So she'd been watching him too. 

"I've noticed you watching me," she winked

"Have you?" he questioned

She nodded slowly.

"I've just been waiting for you to make a move and was just about to give up on you."

Joe laughed and any tension between them melted away.  

They spent the next three hours talking about all kinds of things including Kelly. When Joe told Heather he was married, she congratulated him and asked about Kelly. He was always glad to talk about his lovely wife but this time he enjoyed it more than others. Heather seemed to absorb everything he said.

"Kelly sounds wonderful Joe," she complimented

"You two are very lucky people."

Joe thanked her and agreed.

He didn't know why, except that he felt something from her but he had the urge to tell her of his plan. He wasn't even afraid of her freaking out or turning him down. Something in him felt it was ok and he found himself proposing the idea to Heather.

She didn't even hesitate. When she agreed he felt himself get hard all over again.                        

Heather was honored he'd asked and told him she loved men and women alike and would love a chance to meet his wife. 

Joe was smiling from ear to ear as he excused himself from the table to call his wife. He wasn't going to tell her but he did want to make sure she was a little prepared. 

Kelly answered on the second ring and he didn't hear any sleepiness in her voice. 

"Hey baby." he said, "What are you doing?"

"I was just getting ready to crawl into the hot tub. Want to come home and join me?" she grinned.

"I think I can pull that off. Things are running slow here tonight so it shouldn't be a problem."

"Oh good! I'll be all wet and waiting for you," she teased. 

When Kelly talked like that he knew she was hot and horny. This was going to be a great night.

"See you soon baby." Joe said.

She blew a kiss into the phone and they hung up. 

He told Johnny behind the bar he was leaving and told Dee to close things up tight. He knew they'd handle things just fine. 

Joe headed back to the table and found Heather right where he left her only with an empty drink. 

"Need a refill?" he asked. 

"That'd be great." she smiled.

"How about I get you one at my house?" 

"I take it things went well with Kelly then?" she questioned.

"Well she doesn't know I am bringing you along but she is expecting me home for some fun in the hot tub." He answered as he helped her from the table and into her coat. 

"I just love fun in a hot tub." She winked.

"Well then I think you should definitely join us," he said with a grin and they headed out. 

When Joe pulled into the driveway, he got out of the car and watched Heather pull in behind him. Together they walked to the house. He explained the tub was out back on the deck and he'd be right back. He just had to check on Kelly. Joe left Heather in the living room and headed out to find Kelly. 

Kelly was as promised, wet and waiting for him in the tub. She had her hair piled up on her head and was leaning back with her eyes closed just enjoying the bubbles all around her. Kelly didn't hear him because she had the bubbles on high so when he leaned over and told her how sexy she looked she jumped. He kissed her deeply and heard her moan when his tongue slipped past her lips to tease her. 

"You sure got home quick." she purred.

"Well I didn't want to keep you waiting." he replied as he slipped out of his jacket. "Besides I have a little surprise for you." 

"What kind of surprise?" 

"You'll see. I'll go get it and be right back. Don't move!" he called over his shoulder as he went back into the house.                             Coming around the corner of the living room he stopped dead in his tracks. Heather was leaning back on the couch, with one leg up on the couch and one stretched out in front of her, naked for all to see. His eyes took her in and his cock came to life behind his zipper. God she was something to see. He knew she was going to look good but his mind just didn't do her justice. 

"Wow!" he managed to get out

"You like?" she asked shyly

"Oh yeah." he said as he walked towards her.

"Is everything set with Kelly?" she asked as he helped her to her feet.

"God you're gorgeous." he stated, "And yes she's out in the tub as naked as you and waiting for her surprise."

"Well let's not keep her waiting." 

Joe agreed and led her out the back door. 

Kelly was waiting for him and her eyes got wide when she saw Heather following naked behind him. He watched her face closely for any kind of negative expression but all he saw was a look of excitement. 

"Surprise baby." he said and as he helped Heather into the tub. 

"Oh my." Kelly said, as she looked Heather over.

"Hello." Heather said to Kelly. "It's very nice to meet you," she said as she gave Kelly the once over too.

Joe stood and watched his woman explore Heather with her eyes. He knew Kelly well enough to know she was very excited. Her face was giving her away. 

She said hello to Heather and that it was nice to meet her too. She then looked up at Joe and grinned. 

"What are your expectations?" she curiously asked

This was Joe's clue that she was putting him in charge and control. Her way of letting him know she was at his mercy. 

"I expect you to enjoy her." he told Kelly

"Enjoy her?" she asked, "I wouldn't know where to begin." She looked over at Heather once again.

Joe pulled up a chair and sat down. 

His wife looked so hot in the tub with Heather across from her. Heather didn't seem to have any doubts as to where to start because she leaned right over and kissed his wife. 

Kelly's hands immediately came up around Heather as she kissed her back. 

Joe leaned over and turned the bubbles on the tub off. He wanted to hear all the little sounds he knew Kelly made. Sure enough she didn't fail him. He heard her moan right away when Heather's hand found it's way to her breast. 

"That's it baby." he encouraged 

At the sound of his voice they both pulled away. 

Heather seemed a bit embarrassed, maybe for taking the lead and Kelly seemed guilty for enjoying it. The looks on their faces made him chuckle. 

Joe got up and stripped down to nothing. His cock was hard and out for both to see. There was no doubt about how hot and excited this was making him. 

He climbed on in the tub with them and pulled Kelly to him. She crawled on top of his lap and teased his cock with her pussy. Joe put his hands on her ass and pulled her close to him as he kissed her. Kelly's nipples, hard from being touched by Heather, pressed against him and she moaned from the contact. 

He was now going to take control of this situation. 

Joe turned Kelly around so that his cock was pressed to her sweet ass. His reached out a hand to Heather and pulled her over towards them. She slipped in between Kelly's legs to sandwich Kelly between them. He took her hands and put them on Kelly's breasts.

"Make her moan for me Heather." he ordered. 

Heather did as she was told and took Kelly's breasts into her hands. She squeezed them and rubbed her thumbs over Kelly's nipples. 

Joe felt Kelly arch her back at the touch but she didn't make a sound. He knew it had to feel good and he knew when he touched her like that she had to moan. Figuring she was holding back he decided to put an end to Kelly's silence. 

"I think my baby needs to have those hard nipples tasted Heather. Suck on them for me." he commanded.

Joe's cock got harder against Kelly's ass as he watched Heather lean down and take Kelly's left nipple into her mouth. He whispered in Kelly's ear as her body gave away her pleasure. 

"You like that don't you baby?" 

He felt her nod head but she still didn't make a sound. 

Joe smiled against her neck before flicking his tongue out over it and licking on her hot spot. She began to squirm in his lap and gasped when he caught some of the skin on her neck in his teeth and nibbled. 

Heather switched nipples and was now using her tongue and teeth on the other nipple. 

While she nipped and sucked on Kelly's right nipple, her finger and thumb were hard at work on the other. With both nipples being worked on he knew Kelly had to give in soon and let some sound escape. 

"Why are you holding back?" he whispered to Kelly. "I know this is driving you crazy."

She just shook her head and kept quiet.

Her eyes were closed and her breathing was heavy. Joe thought maybe she was afraid to let him know she was enjoying herself.

Determined to have his way he moved his hand down between her legs. His fingers found her pussy and slipped in to find her clit. 

"Moan damn it." he ordered.

"I want to hear how much you like this." he said as his finger found her clit.

At his touch Kelly gave in and cried out. His finger flicked over her hard clit and she rocked her ass over his shaft as the tension grew between her legs. 

Heather continued her assault on Kelly's nipples and Kelly's hands took on a life of their own.

Joe watched as Kelly's hands found Heathers hair and held her head in place. Kelly arched her back and forced her nipple further into Heather's mouth.

Joe replaced his finger with his thumb. He quickly brushed it over her hard clit and thrust his finger deep inside Kelly's pussy. 

Kelly moaned and cried out in pleasure as she began riding his finger.

He could tell it wouldn't be long before his wife came. He felt her body tense and knew she was close. 

"Do it baby. Cum for me. Cum with a woman sucking on your tits and my finger fucking your hot pussy." Joe commanded. 

Joe saying "fuck" only made Kelly hotter. 

She was riding his finger so hard and fast now that water was splashing everywhere and he could hardly keep her between him and Heather. Joe decided he needed better control. 

In one quick motion he moved his finger, lifted her slightly and shoved his cock deep inside her pussy. He groaned as his Kelly cried out and her pussy grabbed at his cock. 

She was full with his cock buried deep. 

Kelly tugged Heather's mouth from her nipple. Joe watched as his wife pulled Heather up to her and kissed her. He felt her pussy tighten around his dick and knew she was cumming. 

He grabbed her hips and helped her ride it out. Joe's cock couldn't handle the friction and soon he was shooting his load into Kelly. He heard her moan into Heathers mouth as her body gave way and she came hard. 

Heather pressed her body to them and rocked right along with Kelly making it almost as if she was fucking his wife. It was then he felt her hand brush down on his thigh and he knew Heather was getting off on her own hand while his wife was cumming on his dick. 

He heard Heather cry out and knew she came just as hard and fast. 

Kelly knew it too. 

Her hands softly stroked Heathers hair as she came down from her orgasm. Both women slowed their rocking and tried to breathe as Joe slipped his cock from Kelly. 

He kissed her neck gently and just held her while she held on to Heather. 

Heather finally pulled away and sat in the tub next to them. She smiled as she brushed the damp hair from her face and took a big deep breath. 

"Wow." she sighed.

Kelly adjusted herself and turned to face Joe. 

"Wow is right." she said with a giggle

Joe reached up and moved a stray hair from Kelly's face. 

"Are you ok luv?" he asked softly.

"More than ok." she winked.

"This was such a great surprise." she said. 

Joe leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. Then she leaned over and kissed Heather on the lips, teasing with her tongue. Joe felt her stir on his lap and he felt his cock come to life. She pulled out of the kiss and laughed. 

"Feels like someone is ready for round two." she said.

Heather laughed too.

"I am if you are." he grinned

Kelly stood up and climbed out of the tub. She turned back to him and Heather.

"I'm thinking we should take this inside where I can show Heather my toys and you can watch us play with them." she said with an evil grin and turned to walk into the house. 

Joe was more than happy to agree.