 I had been temping at the plant for about 3 weeks when "it" happened. Initially, I just worked in the office, and didn't have to go out on the plant floor much. I had never worked in a manufacturing environment, and didn't think I would enjoy it, but in the end, boy did I ever!!!

My name is Tiffany -- I'm a 26 year-old, Black female, 5'5, 140 pounds, 40E tits and a hellacious ass! My supervisor at the plant was this gorgeous White guy named David. He was tall and lean, and from the moment I met him, my pussy would get wet just fantasizing about him fucking the hell out of me. 

I began to dress more and more provocatively to see if he was attracted to me -- low top shirts, skin-tight mini-skirts; there was nothing I wouldn't do to get his attention. One day I decided to really drop his jaw to the floor. I wore a low cut black blouse that was sheer in the back and the teeniest black skirt I could find with a pair of peep-toe shoes with 5 inch fuck-me-if-you-dare heels! Underneath my ensemble were silky black stockings with a black garter belt, crotchless panties and a black lace bra with the nipples cut out. I did my make-up really heavy (complete with super shiny red lip gloss), and wore my sexiest perfume.

Every morning David and I would have a meeting to go over the projects for the day, I decided to give him a real show! I sat across from his desk with my legs demurely crossed, and my notepad draped across my lap. David couldn't take his eyes off my chest. I knew I had him! He pulled up the spreadsheet I'd sent him the day before, but couldn't find the totals he needed. I leaned over his shoulder and reached for the mouse, making sure he got a full view down the front of my shirt. My nipples were so hard they were sticking out like pencil erasers! Instead of staring at the computer screen, David was boldly staring at my tits!

I "accidentally" knocked some papers onto his lap, and as I picked them up, brushed my fingers against the outline of his cock. I kept rubbing his cock through his pants, and I could feel his erection against my fingers.

"What are you doing, Tiffany?"

"Just picking up your papers, Sir."

"Are you sure you really want this? Once I start, I'm not stopping." I leaned forward and licked David's earlobe, followed with a gentle and playful bite. 

Suddenly David was shoving me down on my knees in front of his chair, and leering at me like I was a common whore! 

"Suck my cock, Tiffany. Lick it like a good slut!" I quickly yanked down his pants and boxers, and started wanking off his 8" cock, flicking my thumb across the head as the rest of my hand stroked the hard shaft.

"Sweet Jesus, you are a whore! Put your mouth on it!" I began licking up and down the sides of his sweet cock, working my way down to his hairy balls before sucking them into my mouth. I then licked my way back up to the head and sucked it into my mouth like a lollipop. Slowly I began bobbing my head lower and lower down his cock, while playing with his balls. David pulled on my hair and began thrusting his hips out of his chair, fucking my hot mouth with his cock.

"Gonna cum in your slutty mouth. I want to squirt all over your face." 

"Do it baby! Put your hot sticky cum all over my face!" David began jerking his cock hard and fast, and aimed the head at my mouth. Several ropes of sticky cum landed right on my tongue. The rest he deposited all over my face.

"Get up and bend over the desk." I quickly obeyed, all the while unbuttoning my blouse. I threw the blouse on the floor, and scooped some of David's cum off my face, rubbed it into my nipples, and sucked it off. It was so good! I felt so wanton and hot....I was willing to do anything!

David pulled down my skirt so that it was just below my ass cheeks. "I knew you were a slut, you fucking tease. All those short skirts and tight blouses. Getting everyone fucking excited, and then acting like the Virgin Mary. Well today, you're going to be treated like the slut I knew you were all along!"

He quickly shoved his cock all the way into my juicy pussy, and banged the fuck out of me, grunting and pulling my hair and slapping my ass. I met him thrust for thrust, moving my hips back against him. I started having orgasm after orgasm. I was so turned on, I couldn't stop shaking. "Fuck my sweet cunt, you bastard! Keep me cumming all over your hard log!"

After screwing vigorously for what seemed like hours, David shot his cum into my pussy. I swear I could feel how hot it was as it splashed inside of me! 

I have a meeting scheduled at 12 p.m. with Luis and two of his guys that have been giving him problems. I think I know just the way to make them straighten up and fly right...

"You mean you want me to fuck all of them? You're going to just pass me around?!!!"

"That's exactly what I mean, and you'll enjoy every minute! Now get back on your knees and clean your pussy juice off my cock!"

"Yes, David!"

--------------------------

I hope you liked my 1st story. If so, stay tuned for Chapter 2...... *S*