 Chapter 3: Nicole's Movie Debut

I got a call from one of my friends, offering me a business proposition. He knew I was always looking for new ways to make money, and this was a doosy! He wanted me to bankroll him in making amateur adult films.

I visited his office, met some of the people involved, and decided to go for it. And I had a great idea for a girl to star in one!

I called Nicole and put it to her and she was excited at the idea. She came down to the studio and went immediately to wardrobe and makeup.

The scenario was simple, a total rip-off of Ed Powers or Randy West. Our guy would interview Nicole and another young guy then move to the sex. Nicole would earn $500 for basically two hours work, if you could call it that.

The filmmaker sat on a couch, with Nicole and the young man, who's name was Dave, on either side. He asked them questions about their background, their age, and things like that. Then the questions turned to sex.

"So, Nicole, how old were you when you first had sex?"

"I was eighteen. A late bloomer!"

"How about you, Dave?"

"Fifteen."

"Wow, that's kind of young, isn't it? How old was the girl?"

"She was fifteen too."

"Far out. So Dave, have you ever had sex with a guy?" 

"I've fooled around a little, but I like girls. Especially pretty ones like Nicole here."

"Nicole, any Sapphic love in your past?"

"Nope."

"Okay, guys, I'm sure the audience is ready to see some action. Nicole, why don't you take off your clothes."

Nicole rose and slipped off the dress they had given her, revealing a plain set of white bra and panties. She turned her ass to the camera and bent over, giving everyone a great view. The director told Dave to come over and help her. After she slid the panties off, Dave unsnapped her bra. Once she was naked she reached over and helped Dave peel off his shirt. Soon his pants were on the floor.

Dave was a looker, slim but muscular. His body was very hairy, including a thick, unruly bush of pubic hair. His cock, already erect, stood a proud and thick seven inches. The director told them to get on the bed.

Soon the young lovers were engaged in a hot sixty-nine. The cameraman circled them, filming different angles. The action was hot as Nicole slurped on his cock and he ate her pussy.

And then it happened. The amateur's big mistake. Dave peaked too early and sprayed Nicole's face with his sperm. It happened so fast that they couldn't get it on tape.

"Damn it!" the director screamed. "What are you, a schoolboy who can't control himself?"

Dave cowered under the screams while a production assistant cleaned Nicole off.

My friend came over to the director, trying to calm him down. All the director could think of was lost time and money.

"Where are we going to get another guy for this? These people cost money, you know!"

I stepped forward. "Hey, how about giving me a try? It is my money after all."

The director looked me over, adding up his profits and losses. "Alright, but we'll have to redo the interview stuff."

"No problem."

I took my place on the couch along with a redressed Nicole. We made up a bullshit story about how we met, then proceeded to the undressing.

"I bet all you older guys out there wish you could have a hot young piece like Nicole here. Joe, we're going to make you the envy of men everywhere!"

I kept my clothes on as I joined a naked Nicole on the bed. I proceeded to tongue her cunt with gusto, the whole idea of the crew and camera turning me on to a fever pitch. Nicole responded with moans and thrashing her hips.

The director told me to undress. My buddy had clued him in to the size of my cock, so I saw that the camera was zoomed in on my crotch as I got naked. Finally, my cock sprung out in all its glory, ready for action.

"What do you think of that big hard cock?" the director asked her.

"I love it." With that, she took me in her mouth. Since I had first started fucking her, Nicole had become very adept at oral pleasure.

"Oh yeah baby, suck that cock!" The obscenities came out of my mouth just like a real porn actor. The best part of it all was that I could watch myself on one of the monitors around the room.

The director told her to lick my balls, and I could see the close up. Then she started fingering my ass, and the camera followed her fingers.

"Okay, guys. Let's see the main event. Remember Joe, pull out before you cum. We all want to see you spew."

I lay on my back and Nicole mounted me, guiding my cock into her. I looked over at the monitor, seeing the close-up of her cute little ass bouncing up and down on my shaft.

"That's great guys. Now, Joe, you get on top."

I did as I was told, easing my cock into her. The monitor showed my balls as they flopped about with each thrust. Then the shot pulled back, and someone else came into view. 

Young Dave had recovered and was getting his shot at porn stardom. He got on the bed and fed his erection to Nicole, who willingly took him in her mouth. I leaned down and took one of her tits in my mouth, sucking nipple as I slowly sawed my cock in and out of Nicole.

With that nice young cock in my face, I licked the shaft as Nicole sucked. I reached up and took the young man's balls in hand, gently rubbing them and coaxing the sperm out of his bloated sack.

"This is really hot, guys. Now, I want Dave on his back, Nicole you get on top. Joe, feed your cock to Dave." We switched positions, and Dave took his turn reaming Nicole's pussy. He took to sucking my penis like a natural, using his hands to jerk the shaft and rub my balls and ass.

I leaned in and kissed Nicole as she rode Dave, caressing her breasts in the process. I squeezed her erect nipples, making her ride a little harder. I then reached around and spread her pussy for the camera, giving an even better shot of Dave's prick violating her.

The director continued blocking the scene, with us taking turns fucking her doggie-style, and then sucking both our cocks at once.

"Alright guys, we're ready for the money shot. Kneel on either side of Nicole and jerk your cocks. Aim your cum for her tits. Nicole, rub their balls and be sure to look right at the camera."

Dave and I stroked as if in unison, blowing our loads at the same time. Both our cocks shot their white cream all over Nicole, covering her tits as asked. The final shot was of our cocks, touching, and Nicole licking the last of our combined fluids from them. She gave the camera a big smile and blew it a kiss.

"Cut! Beautiful! Just gorgeous! Nice comeback there, Dave."

"Thanks."

Nicole and I showered and got dressed, and they paid her. She handed me one of the hundred-dollar bills, which I pocketed. I drove her home and we fucked wildly that night, the memories of fucking on camera driving us to reckless abandon.