 This Story if Continued from Chapter I

-----------------------------------------

Even though my feelings were a little hurt that David didn't want me all to himself, I was secretly turned on by the knowledge that I was soon to become the plant whore! The more I thought about the challenge of taking on four cocks at a time, the more eagerly I cleaned my pussy juice off David's knob. The harder David bucked his hips and fucked my mouth, the more pussy cream I could feel running down my thighs like a never-ending river!

My mind began to drift to the guys I'd be fucking in just one short hour! I was well-acquainted with Luis as he and I worked together almost as much as me and David. I knew that Ricky and Terry had been giving him problems for months, and that David was going to write them both up and suspend them without pay. Ricky was about 5'9, really muscular, green eyes and long brown hair that he wore pulled back. Terry was a tall, skinny black guy with these amazing hazel eyes and soft, wavy hair. I'd heard some of the girls talk about him, and how he wouldn't give any of them the time of day. Now, I would have him, and maybe others as well...

I was now beyond turned on, and started begging for David to cum all over me.

"Lay on your back." I did as David commanded and licked my lips in anticipation. David began wanking his cock off at what seemed to be the speed of light! "Open your mouth." The thought never occurred to me to refuse. David spurted cum in my mouth, on my face and tits and on the floor beside me. "Now lick up every drop, you cum-slut! And be quick about it. I want you somewhat tidy before the meeting starts." Again, I didn't hesitate to obey his orders. I lapped all the cream off my tits, and ravenously scooped the cum off my face and ate that too before turning my attention to cleaning the floor with my tongue.

"Excellent job, Tiffany! Use my handkerchief so your pussy won't be quite so sloppy and get ready for the fuck of your life."

"Yes, David." I stopped by my desk to grab my purse before I headed to the bathroom. Could everyone tell that I had just been completely and thoroughly fucked? I wondered if they could smell David's cum on me, and shockingly realized that the thought actually made my pussy twitch. Fuck, I guess I am really a slut! Shit, only 5 minutes until the start of the meeting. I quickly cleaned myself up, applied some red lip gloss and hurried back to David's office.

From the start, the meeting did not go well. Luis was really angry about the months of disrespect he'd endured from Ricky and Terry. As for Ricky and Terry, they spent half of the meeting looking at the ceiling, and the other half looking down my shirt or trying to catch a peek up my skirt.

We weren't getting anywhere, and David abruptly stopped the meeting. "Look, you guys obviously don't know the meaning of following rules. You're rude and you're combative, but when you do actually work, you're damned good at your jobs. So I am proposing a reward and punishment system. Each time you're late or mouth off, that's a day off work, no pay. Each time you're on time and actually put in a good solid day's work, you get to fuck my Tiffany, here, anyway you want."

I looked up from my notebook to find everyone staring at me. Luis looked downright flabbergasted, while Ricky and Terry were both looking at me to determine if I was a good enough piece-of-ass to warrant actually doing their jobs!

"As a show of good faith, you can have a sample of Tiffany right now. That includes you too, Luis."

Again, everyone was staring at me to see my reaction. I looked at David to see how he wanted me to proceed. "Take off your clothes, Tiffany. Leave the garters and heels on." I slowly peeled off my skirt, blouse and bra. My nipples were already starting to harden, and I could feel my clit throbbing. I walked over to Luis and rubbed my ass all over his crotch. His cock was tenting his pants like a big ass fishing pole!

"First one undressed gets a ride on the Tiffany express!" Ricky was the 1st guy undressed and I pushed him onto his back. I slowly kissed the side of his neck, then darted my tongue across his nipples, before wrapping my tongue around the head of his cock. I lightly flicked the tip back and forth, before working my tongue underneath the mushroom-shaped head and then up and down the sides of the shaft. "You like that baby?" 

"Fuck yeah!" Ricky replied. "Good, you'll like this even better!" 

I squatted over his hard cock, and slowly worked the head into my tight pussy, before bracing one hand on the floor and slamming the rest of his 7" cock into my moist pussy.

"Oh yeah, you sweet bitch. Your cunt is tight as fuck!" I slowly rotated my hips counterclockwise and began to ride up and down Ricky's hard pole. Every time I would thrust down on his cock, Ricky would lean up a little - the ridge of his cock was rubbing right against my clit, and Ricky was sucking on my nipples at the same time. I was going crazy with lust!

David got behind me, and began to cup my cheeks in his hands. "Smack my ass, David!" David hit my left cheek with three quick slaps, and then did the same thing to the right-side. I began to gyrate wildly on Ricky's cock, and reached down to rub his balls while my pussy walls massaged the rest of his cock.

"That's it, you cock-loving whore! Play with my balls." David was now working a finger into my tight asshole. I scraped my nails across Ricky's chest and tightened my pussy muscles on his cock.

"Fuck me, cum princess! I want to fill you up full of my hot cum!!!" I loosened my muscles and slowed down my pace. I wanted to fuck him a little while longer. David now had two fingers in my ass, and I was rocking back and forth between the cock in my hot pussy and the hard fingers in my ass. David pulled his fingers out of my ass, and placed the head of his cock in my ass. It slipped right in with a loud "pop" sound! I felt so full, but I still wanted more. I beckoned Luis and Terry forward and took turns sucking and jerking them off.

"Uhhhhh, that's it guys. Fuck me good with those beautiful cocks!" I was now bouncing wildly up and down on Ricky's cock, and deep throating Luis' cock (it was 7 or 8" inches with thick purpleish veins running across it). I loved the feel of it in my mouth, and couldn't wait for him to fuck my pussy (or anywhere else for that matter)! I was still jerking off Terry's cock, which was so thick I could barely wrap my fingers around it. 

David was corkscrewing in and out of my ass, and alternating between yanking my hair and smacking my ass. The rougher he was with me, the more I liked it.

"Uh, uh, uh.......gonna cum all over that rock-hard cock, Ricky! Empty that sticky spunk up your cum princess' creamy hole!" Ricky and Luis were so excited by my dirty talk that they both began cumming at around the same time. Luis' come was salty and a little sweet at the same time. He came so much that some escaped my mouth, and was dripping from my chin. Ricky's upthrusts were so hard, that he almost dislodged David from my ass! There was so much cum gushing from my pussy that anyone that fucked me after Ricky would think I was sloppy fourths insteads of seconds...

"Cum for me Terry!" I sucked the head of his cock into my mouth, while David continued to bang my ass hard. When he plunged all the way in, I rocked my hips back to meet his, and reached back and gently scraped my nails across his balls. "That's it Tiffany! I'm gonna cum inside that sweet ass of yours." Terry pulled his hard shaft out of my mouth, and came all over my tits and neck, before collapsing on his back.

I massaged Terry's cum into my nipples, while David pulled my head all the way back and tongue-fucked my mouth while filling my ass full of his hot cum. His softened cock plopped out of my ass, and I laid down on top of Ricky, too tired to stand up.

"So what do you say, gentlemen - do we have a deal?" Both Ricky and Terry quickly agreed. "Well, get the fuck up and get back to work! You can fuck this slut anytime." Luis, Ricky and Terry all left the office with me sprawled across the floor still wearing my high heels and now cum-stained garters. I started to stand up but David pushed me back down on the floor.

"Not so fast, Ms. Cum Princess."

"David, you couldn't possibly want more sex."

"That is exactly what I want! Rub some of that cum between your tits." I quickly complied, and David quickly slid his hard cock back and forth between my sticky tits. Each time he would thrust upwards, I would lean forward and dart my tongue across the head.

"That's it, you sweet little whore. Massage my cock with your tits and blow me at the same time!" I never dreamed I could get so much sex in such a brief period, and still want more. As David once again came in my mouth, I reached down to play with my soaked pussy.

David pulled out of my mouth, and gave me another pearl necklace.

"God, Tiffany! You are even more of a whore than I thought. You could be my new secret weapon. I've got a series of business meetings coming up that could go either way. You can help me close all of them!"

As I laid back on the floor, I smiled with satisfaction. I'd started off just wanting to be David's slut, but certainly had gotten more than I bargained for. Hmmmm......a limitless supply of cocks! What more could any good (no, make that great) slut ask for? Life was good...

------------------------------------------------

I am not yet sure if there will be a Chapter 3... There will definitely be more stories, though!