 My heart was heavy as I pulled up in front of the house. The first summer home after college was a prison sentence, said my older and wiser friends. You had just gotten used to the freedom of being an independent adult and suddenly you were thrown back into a world of curfews and rules. I already missed the parties, booze, and easy pussy I'd grown accustomed to on campus. Dad and Yvonne, my stepmom, were sure to put me to work landscaping, painting, and other such bullshit so that I'd never have a second to myself. Summer hadn't even begun and I was already craving fall.

To make matters worse, my stepsister's friends' cars were parking up our driveway. I parked on the street and grumbled to myself as I walked toward the door. Riley was a year younger than me and cute enough, but immature as hell. Her friends, even though they were all eighteen, were no better. The last thing I needed was to be bombarded by a bunch of silly high school girls who still watched Hannah Montana and sang songs from High School Musical CONSTANTLY.

To my surprise (and relief), the house was silent. A note on the kitchen table accounted for Dad and Yvonne's whereabouts ("We're at the racetrack until late. Here's twenty bucks for pizza") but Riley and her friends were nowhere to be seen.

That's weird, I thought. Usually you couldn't hide from their constant girly clamor. I took a look upstairs but only found empty bedrooms. Next I descended the steps to the basement. Our basement was unfinished where the stairs came down, but along the other end were drywall and a door with shutters that contained a small rec room.

I heard female giggles and chatter as I got to the bottom of the stairs. So they were making up some stupid dance routine or something. Whatever, at least they were out of my hair. I turned around to head back upstairs when one of the girls said, "You expect me to fuck that thing?"

Who could walk away from a phrase like that? Intrigued, I crept over to the shuttered door and peered in. It was easy enough to see inside the rec room through the slats.

Riley, Hollie, Whitney and Gwen stood in a circle, looking down at a large, purple, plastic device in the middle of the floor. It had three long extensions that curved outward from the center, like a three-legged spider on its back. Each extension was approximately twelve inches long and as thick around as my wrist. At the top of each extension was a spherical formation the size of a tennis ball.

"Do you want to get rich or not?" said Gwen. She was the tallest and most driven of the group, with short brown hair and cat-like brown eyes. She walked over to the couch and pulled a small camcorder out of her handbag. "I'm telling you, if we do this and put it on a website we can make a crapload of money."

"Where did you get it?" asked Whitney. Her ditzy-sounding baby voice drove me nuts but I had often admired her body-petite and curvy, with breasts like large cantaloupes.

"Duh...this thing called the INTERNET," answered Gwen.

"Well, I'm not afraid," said Hollie. She lifted her shirt over her head, revealing sculptured arms and a tight six-pack. "I guess if you've never had sex maybe it's scary."

"I've had sex," Whitney said indignantly.

"PLEASE," Hollie said, rolling her eyes. "Being fingered is NOT having sex."

"According to health class it is. And oral, and anal, and...."

"Whatever. At least you aren't a total virgin like Riley."

All the girls except Riley giggled. She stuck out a hip and pouted with her pretty, plump lips. "Come on, you guys. No fair."

"Yeah, come on, you guys," said Hollie, who was fully nude at that point. "I'll do this alone and have all the fun if you don't join me."

Whitney and Riley looked at each other, shrugged, and stripped. I let out a breath as Whitney's huge mounds were released from her bra. Even Riley, who had always seemed like a skinny kid to me, had filled out nicely during the year I was gone. I was surprised to see that she was fully shaven. My heart began to pick up pace.

The girls got to their knees and positioned their thighs above the device. Gwen pushed a button on her camcorder, and the action began.

Riley and Whitney fumbled to angle themselves correctly; Hollie had no reservations. The bulbous head of the shiny pseudo-cock stretched her vaginal opening for several seconds and finally, slipped inside.

"Ooooh, it's gooood," she moaned.

The other two girls swallowed nervously. It took some effort, but Whitney was able to work the huge ball-like top into her less experienced vagina. Sweat glistened on her forehead as she closed her eyes and concentrated on fitting inch after ridiculously thick inch of the shaft into her canal.

Riley wasn't having any luck. The least experienced of the three, she twisted and turned but wasn't able to wrap her vagina around the huge head of the dildo-like extension.

Gwen set down the camcorder and kneeled down next to Riley. "Let me help," she said softly, smiling at my stepsister. She darted her head downward. Riley gasped as her friend's mouth met her vagina. She was not expecting this at all.

My eyes locked onto the illicit activity between my stepsister's legs. Riley's clit disappeared into Gwen's mouth over and over again. At first Riley looked horrified. But the pleasurable, wet sensation of mouth, lips and tongue on clit soon overtook her. She went weak in the knees and began to pant softly. Whitney and Hollie murmured "oh, yes" and watched in awe as Gwen continued to work Riley's swelling sex button.

At last, her pussy relaxed enough to let the ball-head enter her body. Gwen smiled and pulled away, the mission accomplished.

"Don't stop," Riley groaned. "Don't stop now...."

"No way," Gwen teased, resuming her duty as camerawoman. "I want all of you to work for your orgasms."

And work they did. The rec room was filled with the sound of female grunts, groans and whimpers as the girls struggled, inch by inch, to force the inhuman cocks inside their young canals. It looked like an uneasy marriage between pleasure and pain. They grabbed their breasts, threw their heads back, and winced. Gwen walked around with her camcorder, urging them all on with soft, silky encouragements: "Yeah. Swallow that cock with your vagina, Hollie," "That's it, Riley. Let it in. Feel the friction."

After what felt like about ten minutes, all three girls had reached their destination. I shivered, knowing twelve hard, thick inches of plastic sat inside each girl's body at this very moment. Their vaginas touched at the center of the device, three slick, taut clits meeting in a lewd kiss.

Gwen reached in and pushed a button on the device, which I had not noticed before. The entire plastic contraption began to hum. Instantly, the girl-like moans coming from their lips deepened in resonance and became hungry, womanly demands for pleasure. Even Riley, innocent as she was, took on the look of a well-experienced lover, conjuring an orgasm to pacify and soothe her tortured body.

Instinct took over. Trance-like, the girls began to move up and down on their plastic invaders. Up, down...up, down.... In and out...in and out. On each "in" movement the girls let out a collective moan, feeling the pressure and pleasure of copulation with a cock, the size of which could only be found in the animal kingdom, coupled with the sensation of strong vibrations deep within their bodies. Slurps and sounds of increasing female pleasure filled the air as the sex movement intensified.

It wasn't long then. Hollie, the most experienced of the three, slid into release first. She arched her back, groaned "Ohhhh yesssssss!" and began to shriek.

The sound of their friend in orgasmic tantrum sent the other two girls over the edge. Whitney's body shook from head to toe as she murmured "mmmm" over and over. Riley, my sweet little stepsister, simply looked upward and moved her lips in a silent prayer of "yesyesyesyesyes" for the delicious thrills that moved all throughout her. Gwen caught each girl's reaction on video.

The sights and sounds of female mutual orgasm lasted well over a minute. My cock was in my hand by then, and I was doubled over in arduous masturbation. My timing was not so good, however. Just as the girls came off their orgasm, I was nearing mine. Unable to help myself, I uttered "oh god!"

I knew I was in trouble as soon as the words escaped my lips. Gwen swung the door open. All four girls had guilty, panicked looks on their faces. When they saw it was me, Hollie and Whitney relaxed.

"Hi, Nate," they murmured, bathing in the afterglow of their release.

"Hi," I grunted, still in my embarrassing pose.

"Nathan! I hate you!" Riley slid the ginormous cock out of her body (oh god it was amazing to watch that huge piece of plastic exit her body) and scrambled to grab her clothes.

"Wait!"

I and the other three girls turned to look at Gwen. She had a devious look on her face.

"Get in here," she commanded me.

Without a word or a moment to think, I walked into the rec room, sweaty, cock in hand, and totally ready.

"You and you-on his cock. You-squat over him." Gwen barked orders like an experienced director.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked.

"Lick off your stepsister."

I looked at Riley. She looked back at me uncertainly. Our eye contact only lasted an instant. Hollie and Whitney wrestled me to the ground, their tan, nude bodies jostling together and all over me as they laughingly removed my shirt and pants. Before I had time to prepare for what was about to happen, warm and eager lips, tongue, and saliva covered the entirety of my head and shaft.

"Oh, dear lord!" I cried, shuddering, almost unable to contain the pleasure it gave me.

Riley watched her friends sharing my thick, purple cock. She watched my face undulate between satisfaction and disbelief.

"It's okay, honey," I managed to grunt between waves of sexual bliss. "Come here. I'll make you feel good...."

A mischievous grin lit up her pretty face. Without any more hesitation, she straddled my head and brought her glistening, just-come pussy to my watering mouth. She smelled sticky and sweet and sexy and everything that a woman should be.

My instinct was to dive into that creamy honeypot, but I figured if I took it easy I could make myself last longer. The way things were going between my legs, I had to do something to slow things down or this fantasy would be over much too soon. So I delicately, lingeringly traced Riley's hairless vaginal lips with my tongue. I looked up at her face. It was twisted in withheld desire. She didn't want to act like she enjoyed this, but oh...it was impossible not to indulge in the forbidden fruit of sexual acts with her stepbrother.

I gently slid my tongue inside the folds of her lips and caressed the sides of her clit. She rotated her hips, trying to make me lick the tip of her love button, but I matched her rotation, preventing my tongue from making the contact she so desperately wanted.

"Nathan, you ass!" she shouted.

I smiled and decided I'd tortured her enough. With strong, muscular strokes, I tickled, tasted, and teased her sweet nib into submission. I slipped two fingers into her slit and rolled them back and forth against the wet flesh within.

Riley's body froze and softened, froze and softened above me with intensifying gratification. Under the cold black gaze of the camera lens, she surrendered to her second orgasm of the day.

"Yes, yesssss...don't stop...just like that...uh...uh...YESSS. YES! Give me pleasure, Nathan. Pleasure my body with your tongue. So good. So good. Oh, GOD yes!"

Her clit pulsated inside my mouth with rushes of fresh blood. Around my fingers, her vagina contracted tightly and relaxed, then contracted again. Her entire being was flush with the powerful sensation of sexual ecstasy. For a moment I lost focus on the activity between my legs, so perfect and alive was she.

Slowly, slowly, she came down from her orgasm and gave me a huge, sultry smile. "I didn't expect THAT from the guy who used to pull my pigtails," she whispered.

I licked the fingers that a moment ago had been lodged deep within her. "And I didn't expect THIS from the girl who used to call me 'Uri-Nate.'"

Now I was free to watch and enjoy being sucked off by two horny teenagers. They had a pretty good routine going-Hollie would take my head and shaft into her mouth, circling the circumference of my rod with her quick tongue while Whitney cupped my bag in her delicate fingers and slipped as much of it into her mouth as she could. Then they'd switch. Once in a while the rhythm wasn't quite perfect and their mouths would meet at the tip of my cock. In those instances, they'd share a deep kiss around my sensitive cock-head.

When they sensed I was close, they went in for the kill. Hollie relaxed her throat and took in the entirety of my shaft. Whitney clamped two fingers around the base of my dick and squeezed and released, squeezed and released while she diddled my balls with her tongue. Their high-pitched female voices squealed and mewed around the flesh in their mouths as though they were sharing a delicious ice cream cone.

I let out a loud groan, stiffened, and discharged. Whitney and Hollie's mouths became like two warm vacuum cleaners as they competed for the hot white nectar that gushed from my rod. I had never experienced anything so insanely pleasurable as releasing my manhood into the mouths of two hungry teenage girls.

Riley leaned in and encouraged her friends' consumption of my come: "Yes, take it, drink it, suck it all in...." Once spent, I collapsed on the floor, panting, sweating, and certain my body would never be the same.

Hollie and Whitney continued to make out, licking come off each other's chins and cheeks. Whitney invited Hollie to feast on the bits that had dribbled down her neck and onto her gigantic orbs, which she did enthusiastically. Whitney then removed the last few drops oozing from my cock and offered them to Riley on her fingers.

I watched as my dear stepsister got her first taste of come-MY come. She closed her eyes, wrapped her mouth around Whitney's fingers, and murmured, "Mmmm...it tastes really good."

I could have watched Riley drink my come all day. But suddenly I sat up. "What about Gwen?" I said.

Gwen was still standing in the corner with the camcorder, fully clothed, fully untapped.

"A good director is never seen on film," she said simply.

"I don't think so," Hollie said, crawling over to her friend on her hands and knees. "This was your idea."

"I think you need a taste of your own medicine," Whitney added.

Gwen pretended to protest, but allowed the girls to lead her over to the couch and push her down onto it. I took over video duty as the girls stripped their friend and gave her the sweetest payback imaginable. Hollie grabbed the purple cock-monster and edged one extremity against Gwen's love-hole.

Meanwhile, Riley felt a throbbing clit in her mouth for the first time and Whitney whispered dirty phrases into Gwen's ear to lure her further into arousal: "Do you feel that, Gwen? You're gonna take what you dished out to us, inch by inch. It's going to hurt but it's going to feel oh, so good. Open your vagina and accept it, Gwen. We're not going to let you go until you do...."

The girls held Gwen down as she struggled and strained against the thick plastic Hollie was forcing inside her cunt. When her gaping pussy lips finally swallowed the ball-head, the other three girls let out a sigh and intensified their actions.

Once all twelve inches were fully engulfed by Gwen's vagina, Hollie switched on the contraption. We all watched gleefully as Gwen, unable to escape what was being done to her, was forced into a noisy, unwilling orgasm. After it was over, Hollie refused to remove the purple dildo or allow Gwen the satisfaction of copulating with it. A second round of orgasmic cries spilled from Gwen's lips, then a third.

Finally, the girls decided Gwen had had enough and released their hold on her. Hollie slowly slid the humungous purple rod out of her friend's stretched slit.

"You bitches," Gwen said with an exhausted smile. "I hate you all."

"Right," Riley replied. "How soon until we can do it again?"

"We have until September," I said, looking at my new, young, fresh teenage harem and imagining the possibilities. "Let's not waste it."

It took four girls and a giant three-pronged purple dildo, but I had seen the light. The first summer after college was really going to be the best after all.