 She's always been very oral!

After her trip to Hidden Lake in the summer, Beth had few opportunities to explore her sexuality outside the marital bedroom —but in there, things were great. Martin was a giving and thoughtful lover who had an amazing patience and recuperative capabilities. She had never doubted his ability to give her what she needed. Then again, they both knew that she needed more than he alone could provide. It was okay with Martin that Beth wanted to explore her pleasures. They had agreed early on that this was to be a shared quest, and that each would offer the other new partners and new experiences.

The summer had been a busy one in the store. Sales had been brisk and had barely slowed down after the tourist season; this was going to be her best year by far. Martin's business was also taking off with new clients all around the coast and on the Island. He had extended his territory into the Whistler area. Sales were great, but there was never any time left over for the pleasures of Beth.

Summer flew past and fall was storming along. Sales were great; income was rising; and pleasure stayed simple between only the two of them. Beth and Martin each knew that there was a time for building up the business, and another for building up pleasure. Now was the time for business.

Having had their best ever quarter to the end of the year, the couple decided to celebrate their success by throwing a big New Year's Eve bash for their closest friends. They would invite eight or nine couples they both knew and would have the bash catered by one of the new caterers in town. It would be a night to remember for all their friends.

Planning the event took more time that either Beth or Martin realized, but soon enough December came to a close and the new year called out for celebrants. The party was held in their new apartment over her store. With no neighbours and no customers in the commercial area that night, the music would be loud and the drinks liberal. It was a time to enjoy friendships and to celebrate a terrific year. And celebrate they did!

First to arrive were Anne and Terry. Anne worked for Beth in the store but they had been friends for several years before Beth had bought in. Terry was no stranger to Beth or Martin, but he always seemed to be distant and never seemed thrilled to be around other couples. Anne was a petite brunette with small breasts but great nipples that seemed never to rest. Tonight was no different as they clawed at the thin silk of her black evening dress.

Alison and Jane showed up next, each wearing jeans and a t-shirt. They were friends of Martin's from high school and had recently come out as a couple. They were great fun at a party, especially when they decided to kiss and play.

Other guests arrived soon after. There was Michelle, a tall redhead with the most amazing boobs. She was all natural and often joked that her tits were models for plastic surgeons. Michelle had long been the object of desire for the men who met her, but she was very selective.

There was Michael of course, and Terrence. Those two were single, hetero and always ready to go. Being 24 years old and built like models didn't hurt either. Terrence was of special interest to the ladies as he always wore tight pants with what looked to be a sock behind the zipper —but it wasn't!

Several other friends arrived over the next hour and soon the party was in full swing. Drinks flowed, though only a few were getting drunk so early. Most were enjoying the party and the great company. The hosts were around and about but seemed to never stop in any one group for very long. The caterers were also busy with their preparations in the dining room and kitchen areas. The call for dinner came not long after the arrival of the final guest, around nine o'clock.

It was a magnificent dinner with excellent service, wine, conversation and just enough ribald humour to loosen everybody up. These were good friends who all knew each other, at least to some measure, and conversations were filled with innuendo and challenge. The night wore on and the new year approached steadily. A few of the men were already pretty drunk, as were some of the women. Of course, all were still pretty much in tune with the party atmosphere. One or two couples had occasionally disappeared, only to come back slightly flushed and smiling.

Midnight approached. The clock ticked closer to the new year. Ten – nine – eight… "Happy New Year!" Glasses were raised in toasts of friendship and camaraderie. Kisses were exchanged, and more than a few hands grabbed at breasts and crotches. It was a New Year and that meant having another drink.

That is when the tequila came out. Groups of people were doing the tequila tango, first the salt and a quick blast of liquor, and a lime slice chaser. It wasn't too long before things became a bit more risque. Beth had been a good hostess so far but with all the responsibility off her shoulders as the party took on a life of its own, she joined right in with the others. In no time at all five or six of the guests had gathered around her toasting her party and her dress.

Beth wore a long gown of rich purple fabric, all lacy and sexy. The cut along one thigh rose from the floor right to her hip. Had she turned too quickly it would have been clear to a lucky few that she wore no panties. Her voluminous breasts were thrust together in a bustier that enhanced her already generous cleavage. If you looked at the right moment you could just see the edge of a tattoo that adorned her left breast. But that cleavage! No one missed the opportunity to enjoy the sight. As the evening had progressed, Beth had become more and more liberal with her assets and had often bent over to examine something or to freshen up a drink. Whatever the reason, she was ready to offer her guests a great view. And they appreciated it, she noticed.

Martin had been doing much of the hosting during the night as well. He travelled between groups staying just long enough to let his friends know he enjoyed their presence at the party. He refilled drinks, joked with the boys, flirted with the women and had a very good time. Being the only one who was not drinking, Martin had more than his share of interesting moments. It was he alone that noticed Anne and Terry slip into the back bedroom with all the coats. Then Anne and Jane only a few minutes later! He would have to tell Beth about that later —maybe Anne was more open about her choices than she let on?

As the group doing the tequila shots became more adventurous, someone in the circle around Beth dared her to let him lick the salt off her leg. Not being one to miss a chance to prove her daring, Beth offered her leg, just below the knee to her challenger. The circle widened to include almost everyone left at the party and Beth decided that this was not nearly daring enough. The second person who asked was Jane, the lesbian friend, and Beth offered her the same spot just below her knee, around the back. It took Jane at least ten seconds to lick off the salt. As she did, electricity ran up and down Beth's leg, right into her being.

The group began a chant for more leg, "Give us some thigh!" they cried. Beth thought to herself "you have to love the safety of group mentality." And she carefully slid the hem of her dress up her leg, past her knee until half her thigh was exposed to them all. During this, one person was sitting back and watching from her position on a low chair by the table where Beth was offering up her thigh as an hors-d'oeuvre. It was the Michelle, the redhead. From her position, she could see right up the slit to Beth's bare pussy; her gentle smile unnoticed among the partygoers.

Soon all the men were using Beth for the salt, each one lingering a bit longer on her thigh than the last. And each time those tongues dragged across her flesh, Beth felt a flash of eroticism shoot up her leg to her vagina. She wondered if anyone could notice the powerful fragrance of her cunt as it got wetter and wetter. What she did not realize was that Michelle could already see the juice making its way down one thigh. Still unnoticed, she licked her lips in anticipation.

As the daring of each man increased, some of the women began to drift away. Some left the room, most left the party. The few who had stayed were not interested in what was developing, though all were surprised that this could be happening with their men! Soon, all that were left in the dining area were Beth and Michelle —and six of the men. Martin stood at the door and watched; an uninvolved seventh.

Noticing the new intensity of the audience and feeling little inhibition because of the tequila, Beth decided to see what might develop. She decided to move things along a bit further. She took the waist of her dress in each hand and slowly began to gather the fabric up. At first no one seemed to notice, then everyone did. The sudden quiet in the room was marked —the dress slowly made its way up her legs. Higher and higher. The calves, the knees, then those voluptuous thighs.

The fabric dragged against her skin. She felt the heat of her skin replaced by coolness of the room. All eyes were upon the hemline, now at mid-thigh. Where would she stop? Inexorably, the fabric crawled up, exposing more and more of luscious skin. Beth paused just before making the decision to go all the way and offer her pussy to them all. With a sudden, cross-handed pull she tore the dress up over her head in one smooth motion. She stood there clad in heels, the filmiest bra and nothing else. There was an audible gasp of appreciation, most of all from Michelle.

A loud cheer and hoots of appreciation rang out. While the men were stunned at the sight, none looked away. Michelle was especially attentive and stared up directly into Beth's pussy. She noticed the lips thick with expectation and moist with anticipation.

It took about ten seconds for the first guy to reach out and touch Beth. He was a bit tentative as if asking for permission. At the same time Michelle made her move. She stood up next to Beth and repeated the action with her own dress. It came off splendidly and with equal aplomb. She wore white stockings held up by a lacy matching garter belt. Her panties were tiny and barely covered her pussy, yet not a whisper of pubic hair escaped. She wore no bra, a testament to those wonderful 22-year old breasts. They stood high and proud, demanding their own share of attention. And they certainly got it!

Beth made the next move and reached out to Michelle and cupped a huge boob in her two hands —it took them both! Her mouth followed and went right for the eraser that was a nipple. The two women held each other, rubbing ample breasts and kissing passionately. Tongues darted, intertwined. Their hands groped feminine flesh, pinching, feeling and grasping.

The audience was, to a man, silent as they watched the show. Beth leaned back from Michelle, had a look around the circle of men and chuckled "it's too bad no one else is interested in being naked."

The liquor and the show had loosened the ties of propriety beyond repair and all six men reached for their belts. Soon, six had dropped their pants; shirts came off and even underwear flew off. And suddenly, there stood six great erections!

All the while, Martin stood by the side watching the events unfold. He knew that this was a good thing for his wife. She had needed to totally unwind from her work and responsibilities for months, and this was just the ticket. He was so proud of her confidence and of her magnificent body. And Michelle was pretty spectacular, too. As for the six guys, "enjoy, honey," he whispered under his breath.

In no time at all the two women had dropped to their knees in the centre of the circle of men and each was grasping a cock in each hand. They stroked a few times, moved to another man and did the same thing again. Somehow, each knew the game and each played it in perfect unison. The men that were not being handled each had their own hands around their tools and were also stroking.

"What a jerk-fest," thought Martin. "This is great to watch!"

It was only a few minutes before one of the women decided to improve the situation for the man in her hand. Whether it was Beth or Michelle that did it first matters less than the fact that one long suck on one cock triggered the other woman to match the act. Two seconds later, Michelle was up on her feet and joked to Beth, "I'll take you on, girlie!"

Beth, never one to back off from a dare challenged back, "choose your weapon!"

The rules soon became clear. All six men would line up in a row, each on a chair, erection pointing high. Each woman would start at one end of the line and suck off one man at a time. The first one to make her three men come would win.

That was when Michelle noticed Martin who was still just watching the developments. She piped up with "let's put Martin in the middle so there's an uneven number!"

Beth looked to Martin. He looked back with a bit of doubt on his face. Then he dropped his pants too and walked over to the line. "I'll be the prize, okay?"

That seemed to be the signal for the contest to begin and both women dropped to their knees in front of their respective cocks-in-waiting. Much as the men who were being fellated could not speak a word, the others lost no chance to cheer on their woman, probably to speed up the trip she was making towards their cock.

Beth's first contestant was Michael. His gorgeous body was tanned all over —even his cock was a bit tanned! This surprised Beth, but she felt a certain flash as she thought about how, and where you could get a cock-tan. "Imagine that!" she thought.

As she reached out to him Michael slid down in his seat towards her giving her perfect access to his cock. It was jutting out from his crotch what must have been almost six inches, with just a bit of a curve up towards the sky. Beth took one look, grabbed a handful and almost inhaled his cock. Right up to his balls and all that was showing was a puff of blond pubic hair. It took about 30 seconds to make him come. "Where's the challenge," thought Beth as she swallowed his offering.

Michelle also had an easy time with her first contestant. He was young, no more than 19 years old and was slim with a pretty small cock, no more than five inches. She, too, inhaled his manhood. His face showed the incredulity of the experience for him. He had never experienced anything like this before… eight or ten pumps with her hand backed up with her great wet lips and he was a gonner! Michelle, contrary to Beth's strategy of swallowing, let him come all over her tits. "This way the next guy will be in my power even more!"

Each woman moved on to her next target at much the same time. Michelle had a treat in store with Terry, Jane's husband. He was of average size but there was a most unusual knobbiness to his cockhead. It seemed to be too big for the shaft it so forcefully capped. His cock was thin at the base where it disappeared into a shock of curly black hair, then it widened towards the head. The head itself appeared to be sitting atop a small pole.

She began by licking all over the head, then kissing her way down the finely veined shaft and into his pubic hair. She sucked his balls into her mouth, one at a time, tugging gently with her teeth and making him shudder. Her mouth worked its way back up the shaft from underneath, tongue lovingly and very wetly coating the underside of Terry's cock in her drool. Then she turned her attention to the crab-apple mounted on that post. Her mouth opened wide —wider than she thought possible, her lips stretched thin around the huge knob. Then it was in! Michelle thought she would choke, but she never had and this was not going to be her downfall in this contest. No way!

With both hands wrapped around Terry's shaft she sucked wantonly on the head of his prick, only able to accept the first few inches of the shaft behind the massive cockhead. But her hands worked a magic as she slurped and sucked. The saliva from her mouth easily coated the whole shaft enabling Michelle to stroke him hard at the same time as she was manipulating his glans in her mouth.

Unlike her first suck, this one had some staying power. But not that much and soon his groans began to get louder; his hips bucked against her face. Impishly, Michelle pinched off the base of his cock with one hand making him hold off coming just that much. He groaned again and told her, "I have to come now!"

Yet she held off on her manipulation. Held off on the stroking just a bit until it seemed as if his cock could get no harder, could throb no more. Then she madly went after him with mouth and both hands letting him fuck her face. She had relaxed and been able to take much more of that great cock into her mouth. When she felt him start to come she pulled her mouth away and watched as a huge blast of ejaculate shot directly onto her face. The first spurt was huge; the second not much smaller but she aimed it downward towards her ample chest and adding it to the first man's now drying semen. Terry shot off another couple of bursts as she worked her hands back and forth on his erection. He fell back onto the chair. Collapsing. Spent.

As Michelle looked over to Beth she saw that her friend was also making this one a bit better. She could see the way that Beth's head bobbed madly back and forth along José's coke can of an erection. His penis was only about five inches, maybe a bit more, but it was as thick as the wrist that was holding it.

Beth had been surprised at her next challenge. Finishing with Michael had been fun, if easy, but this was something else altogether. The shaft facing her looked as wide as it was long. She had never seen such a thick one before, and was intrigued. To make matters even more interesting, José had completely shaved all the hair from his pubic area making his cock stand out all the more. Beth had first stroked it and rubbed her tits all over it. "What an intense feeling," she thought.

In her throat is exactly where it ended up, though she had no idea that such as thing was possible. Just before engulfing that beer can she yelled out to all who were there, "I give great head —watch this!" and promptly swallowed the whole thing.

Even she did not know how it happened, but she was soon letting José fuck her face. She leaned back a bit with one hand on her tits and one in her pussy and just let him stroke himself into her mouth. This is when Michelle had chosen to look over, and was amazed by the action beside her. She thought to herself, "quite the talent, I must say."

Soon José came, shooting a bucketful of cum into Beth's waiting throat. Unexpectedly. She swallowed but had to come up for air. The second shot hit her square in the throat; the third was back into her mouth. Beth gave her most recent success a quick goodbye lash of the tongue and moved on to her third erection of the match.

Michelle had watched the end of Beth's work without moving but as José came she realized that she might have fallen behind. She quickly dove to the next man —and stopped dead. It was a monster! No less than ten inches of cock meat stared back at her; the eye gaping open slightly. More than that, he was uncut so only half of a deep ruby head was showing from its hiding place. "It's not even all hard yet?" thought Michelle. "I'll never get that one done," she thought.

Then she had an inspiration. She called to a woman standing off to one side, "get me that bottle on the table!"

Five seconds later Anne had brought over a bottle of extra virgin olive oil from the kitchen. Michelle grabbed it out of her hand and dumped its contents onto her splendid tits. It splashed all over her, dripping off her hard nipples, sliding down her tight tummy and onto her tiny white panties.
