 "I'm not sure I want to try a threesome, again. I enjoyed sucking Chris' cock while you licked my pussy but I don't know," Logan said to Don, her husband.

Don sighed, knowing it would be so much fun to not only be involved in a threesome with Chris again (a chance to explore his bi-curious side) but to watch her be given so much pleasure again would be fun. 

"Well, let's at least meet him for lunch and see him again," Don said. 

Chris was the type of person they had fantasized about...someone who put Logan first, was willing to please her but was also willing to play on the bi-side a little bit, not to mention Logan enjoyed playing with two hard cocks last time, one of them belonged to Chris. 

"Well, I don't see where a lunch would hurt anything," Logan hesitated. 

"Great," Don said as he quickly ushered her out the door and into the car. 

During the ride to the restaurant, Logan felt herself becoming more and more agitated but she couldn't quite explain why however she also felt herself tingling between her legs and a slight dampness was forming in her pussy. `It's just a lunch,' she thought, shrugging off her confusion.

They arrived at the restaurant, quickly spotted Chris and made their way over to his table. They all chatted for a while and Logan realized this was the same as any other lunch with a friend...the conversation was pleasant and she felt no pressure. Chris was a very nice guy. He wasn't constantly leering at her or checking her out but was obviously interested in playing with her again. Logan started to relax as they talked, laughed and got to know one another again and Don obviously enjoyed that things went well. 

Chris occasionally looked directly into Logan's eyes and gave her a warm smile that made her feel good all over. After a while, she noticed herself getting a little moist again...she had dried up at their first meeting, due to her nerves, but she had started to warm up to Chris again and, for the first time, wondered what it would be like to play with him, again. Lunch wound down but the three continued talking for a while over coffee and enjoyed the day immensely. 

"Hey, this has been great but I've got to get back to work," Chris said, brightly. 

Immediately, Logan found herself disappointed the meeting was over. Chris smiled warmly at her again and she felt herself smile warmly in return. 

"Hey, would you guys be up for meeting me for dinner? You can talk it over and let me know later," Chris asked.

Don and Logan glanced at each other as Don waited for Logan to respond. 

"We'll talk it over," Logan replied, with a smile. 

It was all they talked about on the way home and Don was relieved to find Logan had considered it as it was obvious Chris had made a good impression again. 

"I like the way he treated me, it seemed so natural and relaxed," Logan repeated several times. 

As soon as they got home, Don let Chris know they would meet him at his hotel for dinner. The pair spent the afternoon talking about Chris, Logan found herself very excited about the evening and she could tell Don was bursting with excitement, too. He became more excited when she excused herself to get ready a couple of hours before they had to leave...Don knew that was a sure sign she was going to put a lot of effort into looking hot and he wasn't disappointed. When Logan entered the room, ready to leave, Don let out a long sigh...Logan looked fantastic! 

She had chosen one of his favorite outfits...a classy, refined dress that buttoned in front, from top to bottom, and could be altered to stay refined or, with the loosening of a button or two or three, could become sexy as hell. Logan had chosen the refined look but Don could still feel himself hardening inside his pants. Logan was having mixed feelings at this point but her pussy was wet and tingling...she couldn't get Chris' cock out of her mind. 

Dinner was a replay of lunch although, with the help of a couple of drinks and a glass of wine, the conversation was a little bit sexier. Still, there was no pressure from Chris, only his warm smile and demeanor. When Chris left for a restroom break, Don reached over and kissed Logan hard on the lips and Logan responded hungrily and immediately noticed her panties were wet. Don reached over, unbuttoned the top button of her dress and, while she wasn't sure about her feelings, she let it happen. When Chris returned, he didn't say anything but he surely noticed as his eyes lit up and then he tried not to stare. 

As dinner was winding down, it was apparent no one wanted to leave. Chris looked over at Don for a sign and Don shrugged and nodded, not knowing how to respond. 

"Well, I'm not ready to have this evening end. Would you like to come up to my room for a nightcap?" Chris asked slowly, looking them both in the eyes. 

The moment of truth had arrived. Don and Logan glanced quickly at each other. Logan wasn't sure what to do...on the one hand, she still worried about the consequences but on the other hand, her pussy was flowing, her panties were sopping wet and no one had touched her, yet!!! 

"One drink, maybe," Logan stammered, looking at her husband. 

Don beamed his approval and smiled directly into her eyes with love. She was overwhelmed with his love, knowing he was telling the truth...he would still love her if he shared her with another man. They quickly got up, made their way to Chris' room and sat down. Still in no hurry, everything was relaxed and easy except for the fact she was sitting in a puddle from her pussy. They talked and laughed some more with the conversation dominated by sex. Finally, Chris broke the ice. 

"That is some hard on you're sporting there, Don," he said with a laugh. 

Chris reached over and softly slid his hand over Don's cock and rubbed it through his jeans. 

"Mind if I feel it?" 

"Sure, you told me you wanted to suck it...are you still up for it?" 

Don laughed as he adjusted in his seat to be able to get his cock at the best angle and Chris grinned as he opened his belt and slid his pants to the ground. 

"Oh, yeah," Don responded, watching Chris disrobe completely. 

Logan watched, transfixed...Chris' cock was not huge but a decent six inches that was a comfortable size for sucking. Don stood up, pulled of his shirt and kicked off his shoes and socks. Chris reached over and unzipped Don's fly and pulled his pants off in one movement to expose Don's raging hard on. Logan's hands were moving slowly, one toward her breast and the other toward her clit, as she watched the two guys. 

Don dropped to his knees, started to gently fondle Chris' balls and stroked Chris' cock with his other hand. Don moved his head forward, began to lick Chris' shaft, pulled his cock toward him, put his mouth around Chris' cock, took it in and swirled his tongue around the head. Logan was mesmerized and felt her nipples harden into little rocks as she unconsciously unbuttoned a second button on her dress and her other hand found her wet panties as she slid her finger inside them to feel her engorged clit...she loved playing with her pussy. 

After a couple of minutes of sucking on Chris' cock, Don noticed Logan was flushed and hotter than he had ever seen her. He stood, walked over to her, wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply. Logan melted into Don as they started rubbing against each other's bodies. Don continued to kiss her as he slowly moved behind her, put both of his hands on her gorgeous tits and massaged them gently. Logan moaned softly and felt him unbuttoning her dress buttons, one by one. Soon they were all unbuttoned and Don opened it wide, slid it down her arms and onto the floor, unhooked and removed her bra...Chris let out an audible sigh as her tits sprung free...exposing her to his hands and Chris' eyes. 

Logan started to panic but Chris was so calm and relaxed and Don made her feel so good, she decided to relax and enjoy whatever happened, again.

Chris approvingly looked at her, near naked, body as Don pulled her back against himself and she could feel his cock rubbing up against the crack of her ass as he smiled and motioned for Chris to walk over to Logan. Chris then reached out and gently felt each breast, as if weighing them or testing their size, before he lightly ran the back of his hand down her stomach until he stopped slightly above her drenched panty line.

Chris reached forward, with both hands, and grabbed both tits, then put her nipples between his fingers and rolled them back and forth. A little pinch on one, then the other, and then his lips found the first nipple and he sucked hard. Logan drew a quick breath and moaned in pleasure as she felt Don start to slide her wet panties over her bottom, down her legs, to the floor then kiss his way back up her legs until he licked the crack of her ass and buried his tongue in her asshole, then her pussy, tasting her nectar.

Don stood up and directed her to the bed where she lay down between the two men. With Don in back, rubbing his cock on her backside as he reached around to play with both of her tits, Chris kissed his way down her belly until he found her pussy. However, Chris didn't find her clit, yet, as his tongue danced here, there and everywhere, except for her clit, driving Logan crazy. Finally, Chris let his tongue graze Logan's clit and followed suit with a general assault on her clit while putting, one, two and finally three fingers into her pulsating pussy. Logan started to ride a wave of orgasms as she felt Don insert a slippery finger into her ass as she bucked her hips to get the most out of it. 

Don pulled his finger out, kneeled by her head, Logan turned and sucked his cock hard and fast. Chris moved behind her, laid flat on his back and pulled her on top of him so she laid, face up, on his stomach. Don slid down, spread her pussy, pulled Chris' cock from underneath her ass, gave it a couple of quick licks and inserted it into Logan's pussy. Chris slowly moved in and out and Don to licked her clit and Chris' cock.

Don's biggest fantasy involved sucking a guy to completion. Here, he could have his cake and eat it, too. Don picked up the pace as he played with Logan's tits and she was riding her way to another giant orgasm. She squeezed her pussy muscles and Chris could feel he was about ready. He yelled out he was going to cum and Don quickly pulled Chris's cock out of Logan and swallowed it whole. 

The first spurt of cum shot down Don's throat and then he strengthened his grip on Chris' cock, temporarily stopping the flow. As he swallowed the first spurt, Don quickly inserted Chris' cock back into Logan and she flew up and down on Chris' cock, sending him quickly into another few spurts of warm cum. As Chris finished and relaxed, Logan moaned out: 

"Clean me up, Don! Lick my pussy clean! Pleaseee!" 

Don didn't need to be told twice as he dove in to lick and suck Logan clean, gather all of Chris' cum, and send Logan to another crashing orgasm. After a moment of rest, Logan slid her way down onto Don's and Chris' cocks, stroked both and sucked on one then the other. Her mouth was full, she enjoyed sucking on the two cocks she in her hands...god she loved cock!

"Now, it's your turn. Come on, Chris," she said and motioned that he join her. 

So, Chris and Logan both attacked Don's cock, as they licked up and down the shaft, sucked on his balls and swallowed the head. Don wasn't going to take long and soon announced he was ready to cum. Logan put her hand at the base of Don's cock and motioned for Chris to finish him off. He lowered his mouth onto the head as Don's first shot exploded from his cock. Chris swallowed as much as he could and then grabbed Don's cock and sucked out every last drop of cum. Logan looked at Chris' wide open mouth as he showed her all of Don's juice, he slid up the bed and kissed Don deeply, sharing the cum with him. Both finally swallowed what they had and collapsed onto the bed. 

Logan lay there for a while and thought about what had transpired as Don cuddled up with her close and squeezed her hard. 

"I love you, Logan." 

Logan basked in the glow and smiled a knowing smile at Chris who watched them cuddle. 

"My pleasure," Chris responded with a wink as he picked up his clothes and left them alone for a while knowing, if it didn't happen again, he still had the memories.