 Ever wonder what it feels like to get a bikini waxing guys? Well today Mistress has me set up for a waxing. Of course I have a lot more hair so this may take a while. 

Mistress Samantha is teaching me a lesson today. That is what I get for being flippant with her. It was just a small joke about bikini waxing, but it fell on a day her sense of humor was at a low, so now I am paying for it. 

Guess I should have known better. Ahh, well live and learn. 

I know this will be a painful lesson though Mistress has said I am to have every hair below my eyebrows removed. Now I wish I wasn't so dang hairy. 

Mistress restrains me on an old fashioned medical examination table like the kind they used in psych wards way back when. I am strapped in securely and a ball gag in tightened into my mouth. I guess she'd figured that when certain parts get waxed that I'd scream. 

I know I will try not to. 

Obviously, I am fully naked. I await my impending appointment with the one who will do the waxing with trepidation. Her friend Mistress Serena will be doing this and I have no doubt that she has been told to take her time, enjoy my body and make it painful. 

Mistress is not the jealous type but prefers to share the wealth as it were--and I am the wealth. All too often Mistress has parties and they are for the sole purpose of using me. 

I know it sounds like I am complaining, but I actually enjoy these parties, it is the recuperation period I need afterward that I can't stand. For example, Mistress had a machine originally intended to get semen from a bull for artificial insemination purposes, but I am sure you know where it ended up. Then there is the vibrating, electrical wand that I spent the better part of a night sitting on while her Mistress friend played ring toss on my rampant cock among other things. 

Perhaps I should describe Mistress Samantha. She is a little woman, 4' 10" tall, with caramel colored skin, long wavy brown hair to her ankles in a rather severe French braided ponytail, has eyes the color of a newly minted dollar bill and an attitude that brooks no disobedience. 

Her friend Mistress Serena is everything she is not. Serena is 6' 2.5" tall, has flowing red hair but only an inch below her neck and a normally gentle manner reflected in the sky blue eyes she has. 

Both Mistresses Samantha and Serena are blessed in the chest department. I know because occasionally they take me shopping with them while they try on bras, panties and other clothes. 

The last time we almost got thrown out of the store by the owner because they had me on my knees eating them out while trying the clothes on. Luckily, the female owner was kind enough to settle for four orgasms and an assfucking. Mistress agreed, the store was closed and I took care of our debt. 

I'll have to tell you more about that store later as I ended up working there instead of my normal daytime job as a daytrader. 

Both Mistresses Samantha and Serena liked to share me. More often then not I'd end up as the meat in a mistress sandwich. Serena was into the whole shrink wrap and orgasm denial tease and Mistress Samantha liked to assfuck me. Usually when we all gathered together I was placed in shrink wrap, put into a position to be teased and fucked and used like that all night long. 

Tonight, however, was to be different. Tonight there were both into whipping me. As I was placed in the stocks, my head and hands locked in tight, I knew the lash was coming. I also knew that I'd be cumming shortly too. 

Mistress secured me tight with my legs spread and attached a spreader bar which she then locked into a special spot on the floor made for just that purpose. So, here I was completely bound and available. I knew that next came their usual tease of a coin flip. Whoever won got to choose how the scenario would go. Today turned out to be both Serena's lucky day as well as mine. 

Mistress Serena told Mistress Samantha that she was going to whip me and that Mistress Samantha would have her hands cuffed behind her back and her mouth on my cock. She further told her to bring me off in her mouth and to swallow every drop. 

I always knew both mistresses were bisexual, but this is the first time I saw Mistress Serena give Mistress Samantha an order. I never knew about her submissive streak. 

The whip fell and I thrust forward into Mistress Samantha, it recoiled and I pulled back. The rhythm Mistress Serena struck with determined how fast or slow I facefucked Mistress. Serena's tempo was blazing fast today. 

As the cum poured from Mistress's mouth I could picture the look in her eyes, though I could not see then. I knew that space that she went to. That all encompassing space of pure feeling without thought, pure sensation without meditation, pure desire without the interference of logic: subspace. Mistress was deep in it too. 

Mistress Serena saw this naturally. It was at that point I heard the mischievousness in her voice. Mistress was led from me, uncuffed, then recuffed on all fours unable to move and her clothes were removed. Gotta love bondage attire it comes off so easily so you can be teased, and when allowed, to cum. 

Mistress Serena then led me to Mistress Samantha and, taking my cock in hand, inserted my cock in her mouth. I could do nothing else I skullfucked her as hard as I could. 

Serena had me fill all of Samantha's holes with large deposits of my cum. 

Exhausted, Mistress Serena tied Mistress Samantha to the bed spread-eagle and then, after inserting my cock in a wet, willing mouth, tied me in a 69 position to Samantha to sleep with her scent in my nose all night. 

The Next Day 

I was awoken the next morning to a double blowjob. Mistress Samantha was still bound to me, but now I think it was more by lust then restraints. Mistress Serena was massaging both of us and swallowing my hard tool like a seasoned professional. 

An anal plug was soon inserted in my ass after Mistress Serena had the pleasure of untying me and fucking me with my mistress bound, horny and drooling with lust nearby. 

I don't think Serena wanted Samantha to come out of subspace. In fact, she worked to deepen her descent into it. 

It was then Serena made me an offer. She wanted me to do daytrading from her store, where there would be a computer set up just for me to use for that purpose. She wanted me to run her store for her. In return, I could take our new slut to work with me and use her whenever and however I wanted. 

"Our new slut?" I thought. She'd just made me my Mistress's Master with those three words. I asked her where this store was that she owned. 

"Oh, you know it. You gave the manager there four orgasms and an assfucking there to pay a debt," she intoned while laughing. 

So began my life running an adult clothing and toy store called, appropriately enough, since all the salespersons there were large breasted women, "The Pleasure Chest Erotic Emporium". I learned a lot while working there including the fact that all the women were also submissives. And you know I took advantage of that fact. 

The Interview 

"So," I began, "why do you want to work here Ms. Slutowski?" 

"Well," she said, "I need some extra money to be perfectly honest and I don't have sufficient experience from other work. Stay at home moms are not big recruiting priorities with most companies, but, now that the kids are out of the house I have free time and no income." 

"I see," I said thoughtfully, "but you could work in a grocery store, do daycare, just about anything else. Why an adult oriented store?" 

I could see the tremble in her lips as she thought about how to tell me. "Actually," she said with her voice quivering, "the fringe benefits." 

"Fringe benefits," I said perplexed, "we don't offer 401Ks or dental, medical is not that great and we have no vision plan. What fringe benefits could we have that would be that good?" 

I admit I knew she was sneaking glances at my trouser snake, but, like a vampyre, I need my "victim" to offer themselves freely and willingly to me so that they can't cry rape later. I videotape everything that happens in this store. Actually, I should say record since it reallly isn't videotaped but gets put straight onto DVD. Just showing my age I guess. 

"Well," she said as she visibly prepared herself, "not to put too fine a point on it but..." 

Her voice trailed off as if she was reconsidering saying anything. 

"Ms. Slutowski," I offered, "if you'll just spit it out it would be much easier." 

And she did. 

"Cock," she fairly screamed, "I need lots of it and I hear you take good care of your workers in that department. And, by the way, as long as I am probably not going to get the job anyway, I don't spit I swallow." 

"Hired," I said, "now get on your knees and show me what you can do bitch. Oh, and by the way, I hope you are bisexual as all sluts should be." 

As she fell to her knees and pulled my throbbing member out I called over slut Samantha. She was no longer a mistress. 

"Eat her pussy," I told Ms. Slutowski. 

Samantha fell to her back with her legs in the air. "Like I said all sluts are bisexual and here is your first lesson." 

She may have been an amateur, but she ate pussy like a pro. Either she was a quick study or she'd done it before. I lined up the other women, closed the store and in no time at all a full-blown orgy was in swing and I was the only male there. Thank heaven for Viagra because after cumming so many times any guy would need help. Let's face it. It is simple math. You have 15 female employees, 3 holes each, that is 45 loads of cum to drop. Anyone would need help. 

And then there is Mistress Serena when I get home. She'll pump me dry if they don't. It is a good thing I have a steady supply of the drug. 

"Ms. Slutowski," I said, "I think we will just call you slut from now on. Tomorrow, please go to viewing room 3 in the back, no need to get dressed, stay naked and please take all the cocks in the glory holes and suck them off. You may take it easy for your first day and get a pearl necklace from all the gentlemen." 

As she looked at me with lust in her eyes I walked over to one of the shelves, took a 10" long, rather thick butt plug, bent her over and shoved the rippled plug up her ass. 

"Leave that in tonight except to take a shit dear," I said, "I'll check it in the morning." With that said I slapped her ass and shoved her out the door never expecting to see her again. 

Slut's Return 

Now, I must say I did not expect her to come back, for as much as she seemed to enjoy her performance yesterday , I figured that when she realized that would be a daily thing she'd freak and not come back. Myself and the other employees were pleasantly surprised when she did though. 

As expected she removed her clothes and headed straight to viewing room 3. The store had just opened so that there were only a few customers in evidence. Discreetly I let those customers know what the lady who went in the back was there for. 

Not surprisingly I soon heard moans and grunts coming from the back. Slut was hard as work, on her knees, alternating between two rampant cocks. 

Slut was, to describe her, about 45 years old, has chestnut brown hair to her waist, has no pussy hair in evidence and a mouth that just seemed to be love being used. So it was without reservation that I strode into the back and pushed her gently forward. With my hard 9.5" long, 5" thick white cock I slid home into her pussy, but only long enough to excite her and lubricate my cock for what I really wanted--her cocoa butter smooth, and colored, ass. I plugged her tasty ass and did not stop until I had filled it with my jism. 

It had always been a fantasy of mine to make love, whether gently or rough depending upon my mood, with a horny black slut bitch. This was my first one and, in my new position within the company, I intended to get a lot more. 

I have to admit she had a sweet bubble butt for a 45 year old soccer mom cum slut. She wriggled around on my member like she could not get enough of it. Hard and fast alternated with slow, long and soft strokes teasing her insides something fierce. I grabbed a hold of her pendulous breasts, easily DDs and probably at least 46DDs. Squeezing her nipples I loved the moan she let out as I held her tightly and mounted her like a stallion mounts a mare. 

Meanwhile you must keep in mind that she was sucking cocks others were lining up in the hall non-stop. The whole time I screwed her I could hear her moans reflecting off of a hard cock. Most of the ones that came to her skullfucked her and I could smell their release as she gulped down every load. 

Previously I had told her she need not swallow on her first day, but rather she could get a pearl necklace. This slut didn't want the necklace, she wanted warm, sticky cum sliding down her throat and that is exactly what she got. 

I now think that this bitch is up for anything and day two of working here will definitely tell me what she is made of. I've devised some seriously kinky antics for her second day and that lovely hair of hers is a major part of it. 

Slut's 2nd Day 

Again, slut showed up naked as her instructions were from the day before. She expected she'd be sucking cock all day long again, but that was not to be. Rather, today she was going to help me demonstrate some new products. 

Slut's hair was perfect for what I had in mind. After it was braided tightly down the center of her back by another of the company sluts the real fun began. Today was to be her introduction to the world of bondage. 

The reason her hair was braided, and braided as tight as it was, is because I intended to put her into suspension bondage and hang her by it. When I planned it out I intended to hang her by her hair so she could be totally accessible to usage, thus she was arranged with herself hanging low enough to fuck her mouth and ass as well as stimulate her pussy lips. I made sure to attach weights to her pussy lips to stimulate her from the gentle rocking motion of her position. 

The weights I put on her lower lips were heavy enough to not only stimulate her but to stretch her already full, juicy cunt lips. You could sense the enjoyment she felt from the swinging motion mixed with the pain from her hair being pulled as it was. 

The more she swung the more intense was both the pleasure and the pain. She was moaning from both. I made her moan all the more as I pushed my cock into her fast and hard and rather suddenly. 

Like a good little slut she kept her mouth open awaiting a cock or pussy to use her. She did not have to wait long as a customer, this one a gorgeous blonde female, took her newly bought 18" strapon and fucked her face with it. Both women made a symphony of orgasms as slut was plowed both front and rear and that force was passed between the blonde and I with slut as the conduit. 

I pulled hard on sluts hair as I worked my way toward her deepest, darkest nightmare fantasy and my cock must surely have been in her throat by now. 

Reaching back I grabbed a toy to insert in slut when I pulled out. It was a remote control vibrating anal plug that could inflate and deflate as well remotely. I made sure that when I pulled out to go back to work--You know, satisfying the other female employees as well as myself--she would still be filled and most fully. 

All day long slut was used like this. One moment it was the blonde and I using her, then she was blindfolded and sucking the 16" monster cock of a little 80 year old man and still the next she was whipped across her body until she orgasmed fiercely. Her humiliation and degradation seemed to only deepen her sexual appetites and the more she was used the more she wanted, needed and begged to be used properly. 

Day two for slut was winding to a close as 2 am quickly approached and finally I released her from suspension, but only after first filling her mouth with the apple sized head of my cock and making her lick and suck it clean after being in her ass. I could tell she didn't like the taste, but that will be easily rectified by the new liquid diet I will be starting her on and the daily enemas to clean her out. 

Slut's Party Day 

Day three began as the previous two for slut with her coming into work naked, but it definitely was not as normal as the previous two days. Today I had a special plan for her. Today she was to be a party slut going around to various locations to do whatever she was told by whomever she was told to do it. 

Her first assignment for the day was a party at a local bookstore we owned. Actually, it was more of a publishing house for erotic novels and today was the boss's birthday. So, knowing what a kinky fuck he is, I sent her to him. 

Now, I should mention something unusual about Samson, his nickname, Samson is a freak of nature. His mother had twins, but only he survived. You see he, in his mother's womb, absorbed his twin almost fully except for one thing: his cock and balls. Samson has two rather large cocks and 4 balls instead of two. All of them are fully functional. 

I am extremely large, compared to the average 5" hard cock of most males. I nearly double the average at 9.5" without any type of harness on me and I nearly triple it with one on, but Samson is, like I said, freakish in that he has two cocks and the smaller one is 14" and the larger one is nearly 18" long. Both of them look like firehoses when he cums and he cums hard. 

Secretly, I set up a videotaping of slut to see how she reacted to his endowments. I must say she barely missed a beat as she took both of them in her mouth together soft and started sucking him to hardness. What a look was in her eyes as her mouth was stretched more than if she had tried to swallow a horses cock. 

I watched as she gagged on him but still tried her level best to take both rampant members down her throat. She did pretty good up until the point he became too large for her to hold in her mouth and she was forced to pull her mouth from him. That may have been a mistake because the sheer suction of her lips coming away from his cocks made him release. Gagging down every drop she could she still could not swallow it all. The cum was overflowing her mouth, running down her chin and settling on and between her breasts as it dried. 

Samson, being blessed with twice the equipment, had twice as many balls as well as cocks so his endowments were rather pronounced even in conservatively cut clothing. So you can imagine that he attracted attention from everyone everywhere he went. Working for an erotic publishing company brought him even more attention, after all when one reads an erotic story it has an effect and in his case it was doubled. Of course, having his job, meant dealing with porn stars and dominatrices and the like, all of whom wouldn't resist teasing or playing with him. They circled him like satellite moons to his sun. And they would do anything to please him. 

Samson loved using such people to fulfill his kinky whims, so it should be no surprise when he made them be as much as a slut for him as my slut was nor should it surprise anyone that he enjoyed degrading them and making them please other sluts for his pleasure. 

Today was no different! 

Today he had several big porno stars in his entourage: Jenna Jameson, Melissa Mounds, Ona Zee and Seymour Butts. All of them were trying to obtain the best rates, advertising space and magazine placement on store shelves. 

Of course the ladies were intrigued by his physical attributes, but Seymour was somewhat put off as most men would be. Needless to say, they all took direction from him whether or not they wanted to. 

Even for porno stars it still comes as a surprise to see a woman, in a business office, on her knees, sucking a man with two cocks, but that is exactly what they saw when they walked in for their meeting. As their eyes went wide each had a different reaction. Ona, being a dominant bisexual female wanted to control her; Melissa Mounds wanted to go breast to breast with her to be stimulated; Jenna Jameson just wanted to eat her out and, big shock here, Seymour Butts wanted to fuck her ass. 
