 Continued from Chapter 2...

*

For the next few weeks, I practically lived and breathed sex. Sometimes, I would be working on a report at my desk, and David would buzz me into his office to suck him off, or for a quick ass fuck. Sometimes both David and Luis would be waiting for me. Whenever they were together, they always squirted their cum on David's desk and make me lick it off.

I thought that I would feel bad about what I was doing...about what I was allowing others to do to me, but I didn't. Terry and Ricky became top performers for David, and in return for their hard work and dedication, that could fuck me too. Sometimes they wanted me at the same time; sometimes I would give them a quick hand job in the storage room. My clothing became more and more suggestive. The skirts got shorter, my blouses tighter and my underwear was in a class all by itself! I usually wore bras that had the nipples cut out and crotchless panties. Half of the time, I didn't wear panties at all!

I wondered how many people at the plant knew that I was a whore for David and the other guys. I found myself getting wet at the prospect of fucking more of the men (and some of the women as well). 

I was just having one of my elaborate gang-bang fantasies when David called me into his office.

"Ride my cock." There was no preamble. No seduction. Just raw animal sensuality.

I was already wet, and on this particular day was wearing no panties at all. I straddled David's cock quickly, and shimmied right down to the base.

"I can't believe how tight your pussy is. Even after all the cock you've been taking, it's like a fucking vault!"

I leaned my head forward and lightly bit his neck, while gently squeezing his cock with my pussy muscles. David grabbed my ass and moved me up and down.

"Stop." I looked at David in surprise. "Get on all fours."

As usual, I quickly complied. We were both still fully clothed, and I could feel the friction between my blouse and my nipples. The friction was sending wicked sensations directly to my pussy, and I just wanted to have my brains fucked out!

David pushed my skirt back around my waist, and starting banging my juicy box from behind. I was rotating my hips and making little mewing noises that I new would drive David crazy.

"You want my cum, slut? Beg for it!" I wanted to cum so badly that I was willing to do anything. 

"Please cum for me, David. I'll do anything you want. Fill me up with your hot cum! Make me your hot whore forever"

David reached around to the front of my blouse and began pinching my nipples. "Fuck, David, that hurts!"

"You said you wanted to be my whore, so I'm treating you like one." And even though I said that it hurt, my pussy felt super-charged, and even through the shame, I still wanted to feel David's cum spurt inside me. I reached back and ran my fingertips across his full balls. I could feel his hard cock throbbing, and I knew I had him right where I wanted...

He started pulling my hair, and fucking me so hard that all you could hear was skin-on-skin.

"That's it baby, I screamed! Fuck my brains out!" I was so turned on that I started sucking and licking my nipples! This visual was too much for David, and he started cumming voraciously!

"Awww fuck, you nasty slut. I new you were insatiable when I first laid eyes on you!"

David pulled out of my pussy, and spurted the rest of his cum on the floor. "You know the drill, Tiffany."

I did indeed. I quickly turned around and began to lick up the cum that David had shot on the floor. When I had cleaned up every drop, I also cleaned his cock with my tongue. David zipped up and sat back in his chair. I climbed into his lap and wrapped my arms around him. I'd never met anyone like him. With David, I did things.....said things that I never thought I would even dream of doing or saying.... Truly, there was NOTHING I wouldn't do for him.

*****************

A little later that evening.......

*****************

"Tiffany, this is my stepbrother, John."

"Hi John, pleased to meet you." I shook his hand, and couldn't help but stare in amazement. With the exception of his complexion, he looked so much like David. You definitely could not tell they were not blood brothers. Where David was fair, John was dark and he had this rakish look to him that told me he knew he had sex appeal.

We sat down to order drinks before dinner. The restaurant was one of those swanky affairs with dim lights, soft candles and techno-pop music. Our booth was u-shaped, and I was sandwiched in between David and John.

We made small talk while we waited for our drinks, and I found out that like David , John was a manager at a major company. As the evening went on, I also found that John was as big a freak as his stepbrother...

We had a couple martinis a piece, and then moved on to Jack and cokes and later just Jack! *S*

Liquor has always made me horny, and tonight was no different. I placed my hand over David's crotch, and began to trace little circles over his hardening cock. I continued to drink like nothing was going on, but all the while I was unzipping David's pants so that I could give him a handjob right at the table!

I was just getting into a nice stroking rhythm when I felt John's hand caress my knees. I darted a quick glance at him, and his hand continued to wander up my thigh. I looked over at David -- both of his hands were clutching the table, and his eyes were closed. He was completely oblivious to what was going on.

I opened my legs a little wider, and smiled the go-ahead to John. "Finger fuck me," I lip-synched to him. 

John stroked one finger against my clit, before sticking one finger inside my moist pussy. I began squirming on the seat and had to fake a plastic smile when the waiter came back to take our order. We ceased our "undercover" activities while we placed our food order, but as soon as the waiter walked away it was right back to action.

I increased my pressure on David's stiff cock, flicking my thumb across the head where I could already feel drops of pre-cum. Meanwhile, John was still finger-fucking my pussy. "More", I again lip-synched to John. He added another thick finger to my pussy, and I began rocking against his hand.

"Fuck -- what an unbelievable feeling!" I unzipped John's pants and began to stroke his cock as well. I was stroking them in tandem, and just thinking what a slut I was really becoming when the silence at the table was broken.

"You're right bro, this girl is unfucking believable!" 

"I told you, John. She'll do it anywhere." I guess David wasn't as oblivious as I thought... I continued to play with both of their cocks, and when it came time for them to cum, used their linen napkins to catch it.

We finished our drinks, and talked about everyday stuff until it was almost time to go. Over dessert, we discussed sex, sex and more sex -- everything from fantasies to our wildest sexual experiences.

As we left the restaurant, David steered us to the alley behind the restaurant. He quickly unzipped his pants. "Bend over and brace your hands against the wall."

As soon as I bent over, David slammed his cock into my pussy. "Fuck me good with that stiff cock, Boss Man! Make me cum all over that hard pole." I was yelling and grunting like a common prostitute, and that's when the thought hit me that I was behaving like a common prostitute, too -- allowing this man to fuck me in the alley while some stranger looked on!

"Get in on the fun, John. Don't just stand there, David implored."

John stood by my face, and waved his cock in my face. "Deep throat it slut. I know you can -- David has told me all about you."

I continued to brace my hands against the wall, while I used nothing but mouth on John's hard cock. "Uhhhh.....that's it, lick my balls."

I twirled my tongue around one ball before sucking it, and giving the other ball like treatment. David was now slapping my ass with one hand, and rubbing my nipples with the other.

"Hmmmm.....that feels so fucking good. I love being your slut!" I continued to suck John's stiffness down my throat, while David corkscrewed in and out of my wet pussy.

"Hey, David -- spurt a little of your cum in her ass for me. That's where I'm going next."

"Sure thing, bro" David replied. I continued to slurp John's cock, and David started playing with my clit while he fucked me.

"FUCK, David, I'm gonna cum......gonna cum.........." John's cock plopped out of my mouth, and just as he rammed his cock back inside my wet mouth, I came all over David's cock.

David continued to move in and out of my pussy, and I contracted my pussy around him in a psuedo-milking action. "That's it, Tiffany. Suck my cock with your pussy!" With every thrust of his cock, I would tighten my pussy until David exploded.

David pulled out of my pussy and slipped just the head of his cock inside my ass. I could feel him spurting the rest of his cum inside my ass. I was still slurping on John's cock when he pulled out and started whacking his cock against my face. He rubbed his pre-cum all over my cheeks and forehead before shooting his cum straight down my throat.

I quickly began licking up and down the sides of John's cock. I could feel him getting hard inside of my mouth, even though he had just cum. I looked over at David and saw him pull a handkerchief out of his pocket. He blindfolded me and told me not to worry; everything would be fine.

After John had a full erection, he had me bend over and hold on to my ankles. He didn't ease his cock into my ass like I was used to -- he just shoved it in.

"AHHHHHH, that's good ass, bro." 

"Yeah it is," David agreed.

John grabbed my ass checks and used his grip to move my ass back and forth against his cock. I could feel David's cum running down my inner thighs from my earlier fuck. I used my finger to scoop up some of the cum, and sucked it from my finger.

"Fuck my ass good, John. Bang me until I can't walk for a week!"

John did just that. He picked me until me feet weren't even touching the ground and dropped me again and again on his cock. It was like I was riding his cock with my ass!

"Uhhhh......uhhhhh..........uhhhhhhhh" All I could do was grunt -- I had no breath for anything else. Because John had already cum, it didn't take him too long to fill up my ass with hot, sticky cum. At first, all I could do was lean against the wall of the alley. I was almost too exhausted to even remove the blindfold.

David and John both took my hands, and helped walk me to the car. I climbed into David's car, and closed my eyes.

"You were unbelievable, Tiff." John is going to meet us back at my place and we're going to really get this party started."

I smiled at David, and kissed the side of his neck. I loved fucking David, and his brother was good, but I was still really horny. David had turned me into a certifiable slut, and I was in the mood for more cock...