  Ch 4 - Talked into a Threesome

"I'm worried about the amount of time he spends on his computer," Amber confided with Diana. 

The two co-eds were having lunch at the Student Union Building. They had agreed to meet there after class. Diana was anxious to introduce Amber to Paul, her new boyfriend.

"Well, a lot of people spend a lot of time on their computer."

"True, but I can't put my finger on it. He just doesn't act the same as he does when he's been doing homework--and hasn't in a while."

"So do you think he's looking at porn sites?"

"I don't know. Maybe, but it doesn't make sense."

"So what are you going to do? Confront him? Why don't you sneak a look on his computer. Ask to borrow it or something."

"I've tried that before, he won't let me. He says it's private, like a diary, or his wallet, and that he doesn't expect to look at mine either."

"That sounds suspicious. How is a computer private in a relationship unless you're doing something on it you shouldn't be?" Diana wondered aloud. 

"What would you do though, if you found out he was looking at porn?" 

Amber wondered about that.

"I don't know," Amber admitted.

"Would you dump him?" Diana asked.

Amber was startled. She had never contemplated that.

"I--I don't know," she stuttered. She thought for a minute. What if he was? Would she--could she dump him? She recoiled at the thought. Was it really so bad? Looking was not the same thing as actually having sex. She had seen Johnson looking at other women before, and it didn't bother her that much. She admitted to herself that she sometimes looked at other men--especially when she wasn't with Johnson. She didn't like the idea of him viewing porn, but as she contemplated leaving Johnson for that reason alone, she rebelled against the idea. It just didn't seem a big enough offense by itself--at least not as long as he didn't do it again. 

"No--I couldn't do it. Not for that at least. So what should I do?" Amber asked her friend.

Diana was eager for Amber to dump that slime, but she could see that there was no way she could talk Amber into breaking up with him over that. She decided to give Amber some honest advice.

"Well, in the absence of evidence, I don't see how you have any choice but to give him the benefit of the doubt. I think every 'significant other' deserves that. You just can't assume bad behavior based solely on vague feelings with no other evidence."

Amber was happy to agree, indeed with relief. It just cleared the whole issue from her mind. Still, as she thought about it, she became embarrassed for having even entertained suspicion of bad behavior on Johnson's part. There was absolutely no evidence of it. He certainly didn't deserve unfounded suspicions on her part.

At that moment, a young man walked into the restaurant and walked up to the booth.

Diana stood and embraced him, and the two kissed. Diana turned around.

"Amber, this is Paul. Paul, my best friend Amber."

Amber smiled and stood to shake hands. She had to admit, Diana had really hit a home run--at least as far as looks. Paul was tall and beefy. He had a dark complexion, brown hair, and steely gray eyes. His hair was longer than what was fashionable, and when he spoke, he had a very deep voice which she found attractive. Michael Pare' she thought--remembering a movie she had once seen--"Streets of Fire". She squirmed on the vinyl seat. She was wearing a skirt and stockings with garter belts, as she often did, to please Johnson. She felt her silky panties starting to get wet. She felt a flush of shame--here she had actually contemplated dumping Johnson just for watching a little porn on the Internet, and here she was getting wet over her best friend's boyfriend!

"Paul is a pre-law major. He's just finishing his junior year like us. After graduation, he's going to start law school," Diana interrupted her thoughts.

"How exciting," Amber replied. She was quite taken with Paul, and loved hearing his voice as he talked. She felt a rush of blood flood her cheeks. She was sexually attracted to him! She felt ashamed and was worried that Diana might perceive her feelings. 

How could she feel this way? Amber already had a boyfriend who deserved her loyalty, as well as a Diana, who certainly did not deserve to have her best friend making eyes at her new boyfriend!

While Amber was having lunch with Diana and Paul, Johnson was back in their apartment fucking Erica, one of Amber's classmates. Erica was a beautiful African-American woman, with a medium-brown complexion and her hair done up in multiple rope-like braids. 

He had just eaten her pussy to multiple orgasms, and now Erica was on her hands and knees, with Johnson coming up behind her. She was so hot, she could barely contain herself. Johnson approached her on his knees, and she arched her back more, spread her legs further apart and tilted her pussy upwards. She felt the sopping wet lips of her cunt spread apart.

Johnson reached down and stroked his middle finger along her wet slit, and his finger slipped in.

Erica moaned and jerked her hips, arching her back and tilting her crotch up and down along his fingers. Johnson was hard as a rock, and felt an immense pressure building in his balls. He moved forward and guided his prick up to her waiting cunt. He decided to tease her a little and rubbed the head of his cock up and down her wet slit.

Erica moaned and shoved back hard, and his cock slid into her hot cunt like a hot knife into butter. He felt her cunt convulse around his prick and felt a rush of hot oily vaginal lubrication. 

Johnson started fucking her, not holding back. He pounded in to her hard, grabbing a handful of her braids as he fucked her. Erica's brown ass cheeks bounced against his groin, jiggling with each impact.

Erica dropped to her elbows and gripped her pillow in her fists as she came hard, moaning and slobbering on her pillow case.

After a few minutes, Johnson couldn't hold off any longer. He wanted this as a scene so for the benefit of the hidden camera, he pulled out of her and started spraying his load all over her back. Great big globs of his jism landed on Erica's shoulder, back and ass. This would be a great one for his private collection.

"Did Johnson ever fix your computer?" Amber asked Diana, as they stepped into her apartment.

"Yeah he did. He even gave me one of his webcams," she said.

The two girls were sitting on the edge of Diana's bed in her apartment. After lunch, they had a class together, and both had a break for another hour. Since Diana's apartment was closer, the two went to her apartment so that Amber could show Diana her new tattoo.

"So, let's see your tattoo," Diana requested.

"I have to get undressed you know," Amber explained.

"Hey, it's okay. It's just us girls," Diana reassured her.

Amber stood up and turned around, then she pulled her shirt over her head, removed her bra, removed her skirt, then slid her panties down her slender legs. She unclipped the straps of her garter belt and removed it also, then as Diana looked on, she turned around and showed Diana her bare backside.

Diana gasped as she saw the extraordinary detail of the tattoo. She looked up and down carefully, studying the detail. 

"Did it hurt?" Diana asked.

"Yeah, for a while, but not too bad."

"Amber, Diana nearly choked as she spoke, "this, this butterfly fairy, the one on your ass--it looks just like you!"

"It does kind of look like me, doesn't it?"

Diana gulped and nodded as Amber turned around to talk to her. Diana stood up, and then noticed the pendant on Amber's chest.

Diana gasped again.

"Oh my God!"

"Yes, he gave that to me as a present," Amber said proudly. She took it off and handed it to Diana so she could take a closer look. 

"I've seen these before," Diana commented. "There's a lot of Amber with bugs preserved inside. They're not that uncommon or expensive--usually, but this one is pretty big, and the butterfly is perfectly preserved. They're usually damaged or partly crushed, and there's usually bits of bark or dirt around the bug. The resin must have plopped right on top of it when it's wings were outstretched." 

As Diana stared at the pendant, she wondered if the butterfly realized it's fate when the resin fell on it, sealing it forever. Unable to escape. Unable to change. Trapped within forever. She was impressed though--it was definitely very expensive. Maybe she would have to give Johnson at least some credit--he wasn't 100 percent self-centered, just 99 percent.

"Beautiful," she said, handing it back to her friend.

"Thanks," Amber said, pleased with her friend's reaction.

"It must have been expensive," Diana concluded.

"I think so. Let's get out of here--I've got to get back for our last class," Amber said, putting her pendant back on and pulling her clothes back on.

Since they still had a little bit of time, the two girls walked to a Baskin Robbins not far from Diana's apartment. Amber ordered an Orange Sherbert cone, and Diana ordered a coffee cone.

"You'll never believe what he wants me to do now," Amber declared, this time not so happy.

Diana felt her stomach tighten. She knew she was not going to like the answer.

"He wants me to give his best friend Kyle a blowjob!" Amber whispered.

"No way!" Diana replied, stunned.

"Yes way!"

"Why? Why would a boyfriend ask such a thing?" Diana wondered out loud, truly perplexed. 

"Well, Kyle's girlfriend dumped him earlier this semester. Kyle is depressed and lonely, and Johnson thinks this would lift his spirits."

Diana didn't buy it. Was it just kinky voyeurism, or did Johnson have some other scheme in mind? 

"Amber, don't do this! Why can't he just take Kyle downtown and get him a hooker?" Diana suggested.

Amber turned red in the face. 

"I hadn't thought of that," she admitted.

"Johnson, why don't you just buy Kyle a hooker?"

Johnson was taken aback. He had not expected this.

"A number of reasons--for one thing, it costs money we don't have..."

"You were able to buy this pendant," she protested.

"And there's the risk of disease," he continued. "You wouldn't want Kyle to catch something would you?"

"No," she replied quietly.

"And also he's nervous enough as it is. He went to a hooker once before he met Shauna, and it was a bad experience."

Amber felt as if she was being backed into a corner. This wasn't going the way she thought it would.

"Johnson, how can you ask me to do this? I wanted us to stay faithful to each other. Now you want me to be unfaithful to you, and it's not even something I want to do. I don't want either of us to cheat on each other!"

"Amber, It's just a blowjob, nothing serious. I don't even consider it to be cheating--especially since I know about it and I'm okay with it."

Amber opened her mouth to retort, but a reply escaped her.

Johnson decided to press the attack.

"Look--the guy is really lonely and depressed ever since Shauna dumped him. I'm worried about him." 

She hesitated, and he knew he almost had her where he wanted her.

"Amber, Kyle is my best friend," he choked.

Amber turned and looked at him, her mouth opened up like she was about to say something again, but she couldn't think of what to say. Was she being selfish? Should she be thinking of her own wishes and desires in this situation, or should she be thinking of Kyle--poor devastated Kyle?

She was replying, intending to reject Johnson's request but found she could only stammer. She finally managed to stammer that she would think about it.

The next day, Amber sounded out another friend, Kathleen.

"But I wanted us to stay faithful to each other," Amber protested to Kathleen later.

Kathleen shrugged.

"What's the big deal? It's just a blowjob," she asked nonchalantly.

Amber gaped at her friend.

"Kathleen, I can't believe you..."

Then she paused, remembering what Kathleen had done to Johnson once, and suddenly she was angry.

"I can't believe I'm even talking to you about this," Amber continued angrily.

Kathleen thought quickly.

"Amber, I'm sorry I hurt you when Johnson and I did what we did, but you have to believe me that there's nothing emotional and committed about it. It was meaningless to us. I don't think how you feel about what we did should influence you in this though. 

"I think you should think about Kyle. He's innocent in all this. I notice he's starting to skip classes, and I think he's started drinking again."

Actually, Kyle been skipping classes, and had been drinking since he was 16. He had barely made it this far in college, and probably would not graduate, but Amber knew none of this.

Amber forgot about Kathleen and Johnson at once. She started feeling worried about Kyle, but then had a sudden suspicion. She peered at Kathleen.

"Well then, if you're so worried about him, why don't YOU give him a blowjob?" she challenged Kathleen.

Kathleen was momentarily taken aback. She had not credited Amber with enough intelligence to ask questions like that. She recovered quickly though. 

"I would, but I don't think he likes me in that way. I actually came on to him once, and he wasn't interested. He trusts you and Johnson."

The two girls were in the Student Union building eating lunch. Amber had lost her appetite and didn't want the rest of her salad. She didn't feel like talking to Kathleen any more. She looked at the time on her cell phone. 

"I better get to class," she said, getting up and grabbing her backpack. Kathleen waved goodbye as Amber walked away. As she walked through the student union building, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Kyle sitting in one of the small lounge areas that were scattered around the SUB, which students used as study areas.

He was sitting on one of the chairs alone, his head in his hands. Amber stared at him for a moment. He didn't even move! He was obviously depressed. Poor guy! He just sat there--his face down in his hands. She rushed off to class, wiping a tear from her eye. 

About a minute after she had left, one of Kyle's friends found him in their agreed-upon meeting place.

"Hey dude, wake up--time to go to class," his friend said, tapping his shoulder.

Kyle raised his head, blinking and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.

That night, Amber told Johnson that she would do it.

Amber got down on her knees in front of Kyle and started unbuckling his belt.

"Wait, aren't you going to at least take off your top so he can see your tits?" Johnson asked.

Amber stood up. She smiled at Kyle as she reached down and pulled her t-shirt up and over her head, and unsnapped her bra and removed it as well.

Seeing Kyle gawking at her tits with wide eyes, she smiled again and grasped her heavy tits in her hands. 

"Do you want to touch them?" she asked.

He reached up and gingerly kneaded them, panting as he did so. As he did so, Amber reached down and grasped his stiffening cock through his trousers.

Suddenly she felt eager to get him in her mouth. She smiled and pulled her shorts down, naked except for her thong, and knelt down in front of him. In a flash, she had his cock out.

He was nearly trembling with excitement, and leaking preseminal fluid, and she realized that she could almost certainly get him to cum within a couple of minutes, but she wanted to make this good and decided to prolong it.

So she took her time. She flicked the tip of his cock with her tongue, teasing the slit open, and slowly slid her mouth up and down the side, and then held his cock up and slowly licked the soft underside, letting her wet tongue slid slowly up to the tip of his prick. She opened her mouth as if to take him in, but only took in the head of his cock, sucked it gently, and then once again slid her mouth up and down the side of his cock again.

She paused to look up to see his reaction. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open in a silent moan. Smiling in satisfaction, she licked all around the head of his prick again. The tip felt somewhat greasy with his leaking preseminal fluid. She put the tip of his head in her mouth again, sucking gently, then licked the underside again.

Johnson laughed.

"Come on Amber, have mercy on the poor guy," he chuckled.

"I know what I'm doing!" she snapped back at him.

Johnson had no reply to that.

Realizing that he had shut up, Amber turned her attention back to Kyle, more determined than ever that she would give him a blowjob that he would never forget.

She resumed licking his cock, and played with it some, batting it around her open lips, as if she were going to plunge it into her mouth. By this time, he was rock hard. It would be a challenge getting that thing down her throat as hard as it was. He was so stiff, that it was hard to pull his cock down, and it curved up a little, which would make it hard to take in deep, but she knew she could do it.

Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Johnson dropping his shorts and pulling his own stiff cock out. She watched him approach as she let Kyle thrust in and out of her mouth.

She hadn't bargained for sucking them both off at the same time. She had never done that before, and the notion made her feel uncomfortable at first. But why not? After all, she already blew Johnson regularly of course, he was her boyfriend. And it wasn't like this was exactly private anymore between them. 

Johnson obviously felt horny and left out, and she felt she needed to take care of her boyfriend if he wanted it, rather than making him wait while his best friend got treated first. Also, a part of her thrilled at this--two cocks at once! She founds herself getting excited, knowing that not only would they be watching her blow themselves, but each other. She moved around so that she was facing the mirror, with one man on either side. This way she could actually see herself moving both of them, and the sight excited her. She didn't realize the mirror had a camera hidden behind it.

Holding Johnson's cock around the base with her hand, she opened her mouth wide and slowly plunged down over the head of his cock. She looked up with her eyes and watched his reaction as she moved her head closer to his belly.

She tried to angle her head in such a way as to allow his cock to go deeper down her throat, but it was tough. She backed off, slowly sliding her lips back, letting her mouth fill with her saliva. When she reached the tip of his cock, she licked up and down his cock again, first one side, then the other, then slipped her lips back over the head and down his shaft once again, this time going deeper. She repeated this several times, each time going deeper, and somewhat faster. When she moved her head off completely and licked and mouthed the side of his cock, she stroked him a little around the base of his cock.

Then she moved back to Kyle's cock, stroking Johnson as she bobbed her head back and forth on Kyle's cock. After a few strokes, she started moving her lips rapidly up and down his cock, which was slick with her saliva and his preseminal fluid. He was gasping and getting close, and she realized it was time to slow down and prolong the experience, so she stopped suddenly, and started tonguing his balls, and then sucked first one in her mouth, and then the other. When she realized he had come down from the point of orgasm, she let his testicle slip from her mouth, and moved her mouth back to Johnson's cock. 

This time she spent a little more time on Johnson, since she was trying to catch him up to Kyle, who was closer to cumming. She moved her head up and down on his cock. She turned her head to the side, and held her head still as Johnson started fucking her mouth. His cock pushed out her cheek repeatedly as he grunted and jabbed his cock in and out. 

After about a minute, she took control back over and grasped his cock and stroked it again, and then started bobbing her head back and forth, her cheeks drawn in as she sucked him. 
