 The Podium 2 – Gotta Pay to Play

By Baron Cumhausen

Podium 1 Background

There's a small auditorium at the small community college I'm attending this summer where, in the late afternoon, I join several other students on Tuesdays for a public speaking workshop. 

It's nothing formal, no teachers or TAs. It's just a half dozen or so of us guys who decided to start a summer speaking club to conquer our fear of speaking in front of folks before the fall semester starts. Better to make fools of ourselves now in front of friends than in a room full of students or worse, business colleagues after we graduate, right? 

Every once in a while, the drama teacher would check on us, make sure we weren't jacking with his stuff. He used the room for small plays the students were work-shopping. Tuesday afternoons were free, so we got the room to ourselves alone. This was, as will soon become clear, a truly wonderful thing!

On the small stage, which was about three feet above the main floor, was a podium. We'd take turns at the podium reciting crap we'd have to present in class, or read short stories, poems or something gay like that. 

The rest of the gang would listen and be supportive. At least that was the plan. Often, though, we'd laugh at or rip on the guy on stage. All in good fun, mind you. And it helped. 

Standing in front of any class was much less daunting than reading Walt Whitman in front of the guys!

One evening, as our friend Billy was speaking, he stopped and got a goofy look on his face. We were enthralled watching Billy clearly getting a BJ.

As each of us took our turns, we shared his bliss.

We made a pact to never try and find out who our goddess of the podium was. I broke that promise and got more than I bargained for. 

Under the stage, what started as voyeurism watching my goddess perform her pleasure giving miracles became interactive. 

She invited me to pleasure her while she worked, which I happily did! Tasting my own pleasure by accident and then, without foreknowledge, the fruits of another man's.

Later, in a lucky eavesdropping discovery, I finally found out who she was. And I'm head over heels, thunderstruck for her. 

My goddess, despite my desire to be with her, made clear that she was totally in love with a guy she calls her Adonis. But he doesn't know. 

It's possible that I'm her Adonis, or perhaps I could become the man she hopes he actually would be. Critically, her Adonis would share everything, cocks included. 

It's our last night in the theater and I have to make a decision, a line crossing decision. 

Do I take her offer to share in her podium delights for a shot at becoming her Adonis, my heartfelt desire? Or do I demure and retain my hetero status? 

--- 

The Podium 2 – Gotta Pay to Play

In the hallway last week, I'd overheard my goddess tell her friends the most important thing about her Adonis was "We love, I mean absolutely love, the same things."

She'd also told me several times that "I'd love to share one with you, if you'd like". 

I'd been turning those statements around in my head all week. There was no question what she meant. Her Adonis would love to suck cock and revel in cum as much as she did. 

Nobody, and I mean nobody, would guess that this sweet innocent Georgia Peach was a secret cumslut, one so devoted to her lustful desires that she dreamed of sharing them with her partner. She and her beau would be a pair of cock sucking cumsluts. 

She was perfect. Well, except for that last part. 

I was pretty uncomfortable with that bit. 

It was decision time. Our last night under the podium before the summer semester ended. 

Thing was, I still hadn't decided what to do. I'm not gay. 

I watched as she began sucking on a really impressive cock. Sucking isn't the right word. 

She was making love to it. 

Licking it, caressing it, kissing it up and down the shaft. 

Some people spend their whole lives trying to figure out what brings them joy. There was no question with my goddess: pleasuring cock, juicy cum filled cock, that was her joy. And the cocks reveled in her ministrations and granted both their wishes: a very happy ending. 

My goddess was entirely naked tonight, as if not wanting to waste a single drop of pleasure on mere clothing. It being the last night of our podium carnal delights before the summer semester ended and we lost access to the theater for the year, I joined her in complete nakedness. 

Honestly, I didn't give a moment's thought to getting caught and having to dash. 

On my knees before her on her stool, looking up at the podium-based gloryhole action above me, I was entranced and slowly stroking my cock. 

She reached out and coaxed me toward her sex. I happily obliged.

The scent of peaches and a flood of pheromones washed over me, my heart racing as my mouth made its mark. 

My hands reached up and caressed her silky soft luscious hips. I pulled myself towards her, firmly planting my lips and tongue onto her sex. 

I felt her hand on the back of my head, pressing me more firmly against her. She wrapped her legs around my torso for added measure. 

After several minutes, she was getting close to orgasm as surely as the cock she was pleasuring. 

Although I couldn't see what was happening above me, her timing was sure to be impeccable as always. 

She began to shudder with an intense orgasm. As I reveled in it, I knew that the first jet of pleasure was erupting from the cock into her mouth. 

"So fucking sexy!" I exclaimed to myself imagining the cock erupting, splashing cum onto her tongue. 

After her orgasm subsided, she gently coaxed me up to her and kissed me passionately. 

Her Adonis would absolutely snowball with her. And honestly, I was so over my aversion to it. 

In fact, I had to admit, I loved it. 

I might not be her Adonis. But perhaps just for tonight would be close enough. 

That and I could replay this night for years of masturbatory joy. 

She passionately cupped my face with her hands as she kissed me deeply. She broke the kiss momentarily to exclaim "So fucking hot!"

"Ohp" she said breaking our kiss and turning toward the podium's little curtain. A modestly sized cock stood erect in carnal anticipation. 

Now, it's not like I've eyeballed men's junk in the locker room but I've seen my share of porn. This cock wasn't big, but it was absolutely gorgeous. 

"Share with me?" she whispered. 

I hesitated. 

"My Adonis would."

Frustrated and jealous and blurted out "and your Adonis is?" 

"Totally bi like me!" she replied proudly. 

My mind flooded with erotic possibilities of sharing my goddess with a beautiful woman, or women, watching, participating. Now judge me if you like, but seriously, you gotta admit that's one helluva deal sweetener!

Still I hesitated. 

"Why so shy?" she asked almost tauntingly as she leaned in and starting kissing and licking the tip of the gorgeous cock before her. She paused to add "Did I spoil you?"

"Hmm?" 

"All of the nectar, none of the gathering?"

Was she calling me lazy?

"The nectar is sweet" she said, pausing to ravish the cock, "but the gathering is wonnnderful!" She took him balls-deep. Even in near total darkness I could see her smiling as the shaft disappeared into her grateful mouth. 

When she came up for air, she added "your loss!" as her tongue whipped around the head. She was taunting me! 

And although it was dark, I'm sure she saw enough of my expression to know something I hadn't yet admitted to myself: I wanted to. I realized that my mouth was slightly agape as I leaned in for a closer look. 

She pulled me in closer as she licked from the base to the tip, lustily swirling her tongue around the precum covered cockhead, careful not to actually touch the swelling drop growing at the top. 

She gently coaxed me within inches of the cock before touching the precum with the very tip of her tongue. 

"Mmm, so sweet!" she whispered in her lusty Georgia drawl. 

She squeezed the cock from base to tip milking the clear elixir out. A tiny shaft of light coming through the podium curtain made it glisten. 

"This is the best part, you're soooo missing out!" 

Again I hesitated. 

She oh so slowly leaned forward and extended her tongue out, threatening to lick up the precum she'd worked to produce. She pulled me in closer still as she gently pumped the shaft, producing yet more precum and making the pool at the tip dangerously close to rolling off. 

My lips were mere inches from the target. 

She pulled my body to hers. My cock was harder and larger than it's ever been, pressed firmly against her soaked cunny. Her hand gently grasped my manhood and began swirling the cockhead around her clit. 

"You've tasted the cream" she said then paused to lick the shaft, "now taste the nectar!" As she finished that line, she closed the remaining gap, pressing my thirsty lips to the throbbing tip and guiding my cock between her labia. 

The heat and soft wetness of her pussy felt wonderful against the tip of my cock, as did the nectar topped cock against my lips. 

"More" she replied, as both a question and a desire.

My lips and tongue defied my brain, slowly opening and extending to taste the sweet clear nectar as she pulled me deeper inside her. 

I took the head into my mouth, swirling my tongue around to lap up the offering. As I did, she mirrored the motion, sliding me in further inside her silky cunny.

She leaned forward and kissed me, the cockhead between our lips, our tongues dancing around each other and this beautiful cock we were sharing. In the darkness, our eyes met as we shared. The look on her face morphed from lust to... love.

She needed to say nothing. The words were writ large upon her angelic face. We were sharing, everything. Just as she'd dreamed, so it was. 

She took the cock deeper into her mouth, then slid back pushing it into mine with her tongue.

As I took the hot silky head deeper, she took me even deeper inside her pussy. When I pulled off the cock, she matched the motion with her hips, leaning the stool back a bit to do so.

Wanting more, needing more, I took it in deep and was blessed with the wonderful enveloping feeling of my cock sliding deeper into her.

My goddess was right. It WAS wonderful!

Her soft hands caressed my neck as I enjoyed the glorious treats she was giving me. The world seemed to dissolve around me until it was just my mouth, cock, her gentle touch, and this throbbing hot fountain of joy.

I was both filling and being filled, pleasuring and being pleasured in perfect synchronicity. 

"See" she whispered into my ear, "I knew you'd love it as much as I do! Like my adonis would."

Would? That word echoed in my subconscious searching for meaning as I devoured the hot wet throbbing member into my mouth. 

My throat sung out with joy, my face became flush and hot, I was overcome with a sense of joy and fulfillment. I was truly in the moment, the entire world was right here, nothing else existed or mattered.

"You're such a good cock sucker!" she continued as she pulled me into her and pushed my head down on the cock. My cock was now fully inside her and this glorious and thankfully modest sized cock was now balls-deep in my mouth snug against the back of my throat. 

"You fucking love it, don't you!" she exclaimed as she began fucking me proper. It wasn't a question but statement of fact. 

The strictness of such naughty words coming from my sweet goddess was definitely surprising. She was right, of course, I was loving it. 

She added, taunting me further, "You're such a sexy cock sucker! So fucking hot. I love watching you suck!" as she pumped the shaft exposed below my lips and fucked me senseless. 

In the darkness, of course, she wasn't so much seeing me as imagining what she would be seeing, likely her Adonis. But whatever, she really liked it! 

"Now work it, suck that cock! Make it come!"

I did, for all it was worth. I sucked and licked and took as much in as I could. The silky hot flesh felt so wonderful sliding against my lips, tongue, and back of my horny fucking mouth. 

"Make it come, baby, drink it straight from the fountain!" Her hand rubbed his heavy balls as I took it in. 

I could feel the cock swell in my mouth, getting even bigger and harder and hotter!

She was furiously frigging herself as my cock pistoned into her. 

"Suck it like my Adonis would! You fucking love 

it! You love that cock, admit it! You love it as much as I do! Almost as much as your reward!" 

Was she talking about being in her pussy, the cum I was working this beautiful cock for, or was it that my goddess herself was the reward? Honestly, my heart desperately hoped she meant the latter. 

That this wouldn't end tonight. 

As the lucky guy at the podium neared orgasm, he shifted thereby allowing the curtain to part a bit. Enough light shone in that our faces were clearly visible to each other for a few seconds. 

Her big blue eyes opened anime-wide when she saw my face for the first time and she instantly began to shudder in the most intense orgasm I've ever had the pleasure of witnessing. I momentarily pulled off the cock I was sucking to drink in this unexpected sight. 

"My Adonis!" she yelled. Yelled mind you! 

Everyone in the theater could surely hear her. 

Her orgasm hit her with instant and tremendous force. Her pussy muscles pulsed wildly, grasping and milking my cock. My mouth, reflexively, went wild on the beautiful dick I was sucking. 

When the first jet of cum splashed against the back of my throat my cock, buried deep in my goddess, exploded inside her. In inky blackness under the theater stage, I didn't just see stars but entire galaxies. That definitely never happened to me before. 

Her tremendous orgasm continued as jet after powerful jet of cum filled her, and me. 

As our orgasms subsided, she leaned in. I gently licked the shaft as I pulled back and she joined me in licking my first cock. 

Our tongues swirled around each other and the cockhead. We slid our lips down the shaft, then back up until it was just the two of us kissing. We'd go down again, tongues caressing the shaft, and kiss once more. 

It was too much stimulation for the post orgasm podium cock. Our piece d'pleasure disappeared into the bright light spilling in from the podium as he pulled away. 

From the stage above we heard a zip and "Hear that boys, I'm her fucking Adonis!" to raucous approving laughter. 

My goddess caressed my hair, lovingly, as she whispered "My Adonis! You were my Adonis the whole time!" She kissed me all over my face, little sweet cummy kisses that felt particularly phenomenal on my eyelids. 

She paused to add joyfully "And you really are as much of a cumslut as me!"

My goddess gently tugged on my ear. "Now skeedadle. Don't be greedy." 

I began collecting my clothes as she added "This next one's mine."

As I was finishing getting dressed, the light from her mobile lit up the under stage. She was displaying her phone number. I scrambled for my phone to enter the number. 

"Call me. Tonight. I'll make dinner. We've already made your dessert."

I typed in her number, hands shaking with giddiness. 

"Dessert first. Definitely. After dinner too, I hope."

Light shone in from above, her next conquest, as I pocketed my mobile. 

She pulled me in for a passionate kiss, cupped my face, and said "My Adonis, my gorgeous Adonis." 

She kissed me again and again then added "Best. Night. Ever!" 

She let go of my hand and got back onto the stool, immediately deep throating the hard patiently waiting cock before her. 

--------------

Important Postscript!

If you liked this story, please vote accordingly. There's a lot more to the story, but it takes time to write. Voting is the only way I'll know that my work gave you pleasure, and thus that it's worth my time to write more. 

Happy endings! 

Baron Cumhausen