 The tremendous success of their New Year's eve bash made Beth and her husband very popular party guests among their friends. Although there were occasional trysts or explorations in a back bedroom, the erotic suck-fest of their party was never repeated.

Nonetheless, the couple continued to look for opportunities to expand their intimate relationships. There had been a fun-loving sales clerk in Nanaimo, Angela. She had seemed receptive to the couple's insinuations and on one sales trip all three had ended up in a hotel room for a wild, all-night romp.

There was also the time when Beth picked up the lesbian adult video performer at the strip bar in town. The woman had not minded Martin in the room, watching and masturbating, but she had no interest in men or in cocks that were not artificial. Of course, Beth had enjoyed herself completely.

About six months passed and by early June Martin had conceived a plan with which to surprise his wife on her birthday. He recruited another couple as willing partners. Unbeknownst to Beth, the couple was Anne, who worked in the store and Terry, her husband. This was Terry of the huge cockhead from the New Year's party.

The plan was for Martin to take Beth out for a nice dinner. He did not want it to be too special, so he took Beth to one of the more average restaurants in town. During dinner, Martin made it appear as if he was not completely satisfied with the meal and was starting to be in a bad mood. He suggested that they just go back home instead of going to the movie as they had planned.

Beth was pretty unhappy herself with this boring birthday and made it clear to Martin that she was not impressed at his efforts. She insisted they rent some videos on the way home and took over half an hour making her selections. Martin continued to press her to get home with pleas of being tired, of not feeling well and whatever else struck him as a good excuse. This just slowed Beth down more, but eventually they left the store with two movies, a large bag of chips, two litres of pop and a movie magazine.

Martin led the way up the stairs to their apartment, dragging Beth along more quickly than she wanted. What she did not know is that while they had been out for dinner Terry and Anne had been preparing themselves, and the bedroom, for Beth's big birthday surprise.

They were waiting for Beth just inside the door. Each wore a mask, dark sweat pants and baggy t-shirts. Martin, carrying the movies and purchases, walked in exactly as planned —he had made enough noise to signal the others of their arrival. He walked past the two of them as if they were not even there. The entryway into the apartment was very dark and the light switch failed as Beth tried it. Just as she swore that the light was burned out, she felt her arms being grabbed from behind by two strong hands. A blindfold was quickly positioned over her eyes and she heard Martin call out, "Surprise!!"

Knowing that Martin was involved put Beth at ease... somewhat... but still she struggled against her captors, all for naught. They were much too strong for her. One was smaller than the other and appeared to be a woman. The other was definitely a man as she could feel his rough, blue-collar hands. No sound came from either captor as they manhandled her. Her struggles failing, Beth allowed herself to be dragged deeper into the apartment. They were pulling her towards the bedroom. "This is starting to look better," she thought. Her words, however, were not so honest.

"What the fuck is going on here?" she demanded. "Let me go right now, dammit!"

No one payed attention, except maybe to hold onto her more tightly.

"Who the hell is this? Why are you doing this to me? Martin! You'd better not be involved or you're cut off!"

Fortunately, the three conspirators realized that Beth was just starting to play along. But they said nothing. Not even Martin.

The final ten feet to the bedroom were the toughest for the mysterious couple. Beth struggled more and more, making realistic efforts to get away. A sudden, unexpected slap to her ass soon changed that. The smack was loud. It hurt. But it went directly to her cunt and she eased off just a bit. "There's no use getting away," she was thinking.

The only words Martin spoke were instructions that Beth had better enjoy her thirty-sixth birthday party because a lot of work had gone into this surprise. He advised her that if she truly wanted them to stop that she should simply call out her safety word: FuzzyBear! She nodded her agreement, then struggled even more. Another slap in the ass just made it worse as it had the effect of making her want to fuck.

Once in the bedroom, Beth was pushed into the centre of the king-sized bed. Two strong hands held her arms firmly; two others held her legs apart. While the men held her firmly in place, the woman strapped Beth into the velcro restraints that had been added to the bedposts in preparation.

Now tied down securely, Beth felt her skirt get roughly pulled off. She wore no underwear so was immediately exposed to her trio of captors. Her light summer blouse met a worse end as she felt it ripped from her body. Her bra unsnapped at the front and was quickly pulled off her great tits. There was no fooling the others that this was working as they could all see her erect nipples and a moisture already building up between her legs.

There she lay, spread-eagled on her own bed. Her pussy open to an unknown audience. She heard sounds she could not identify. She then felt someone climb onto the bed on either side of her. There was a smooth thigh and leg on her right; a hairy, masculine one on her right. The first sound she did recognize was the sound of fucking as the man inserted his cock into the woman right above Beth's face. The motion and the sloppy sounds were unmistakable as fucking. What was obviously a good fuck, too, as the breathing became hard, the thrusting more urgent.

In a moment Beth felt the two pull apart and a shot of what must have been cum land on her face. Her tongue snaked out to catch a taste —it was not familiar! But in no time someone else's tongue had licked up the ejaculate from her face and lips. Beth whimpered in disappointment.

Then the room was strangely silent for several minutes. Beth strained her ears trying to recognize some clue about what was planned. The answer came when two pairs of strong hands grabbed her legs and arms. The velcro was released and she was roughly flipped onto her stomach. Just as quickly, and before she could react, Beth was re-captured in the restraints; she lay on her stomach and her magnificent white ass glowed in the dim light.

Again quiet. Then suddenly the swish of a leather riding crop and a smack right across one cheek of her butt. Apparently, these captors knew of her predilection for spanking. The crop fell several more times across different spots on the fleshy buttocks. Hard enough to inflame her cunt, but not so hard as to produce pain for more than a few seconds.

Next came the splash of what must have been a body lotion. Its soothing coolness was the perfect antidote to the burning she felt on her butt. Many hands slipped over her flesh as they massaged the lotion into her soft skin, down the back of her thighs, across the width of her ass and over the hips. One even slipped a hand down the crack of her butt and poked a thick finger into her anus. A muffled cry rose in Beth's throat as she enjoyed that little surprise. But another voice mumbled, "not yet —she gets nothing yet!" And the hand quickly drew away. Everything stopped and the room grew silent yet again.

Beth cried out, "for God's sake, someone do me already!"

Three voices answered in unison, "No!" Beth groaned, whimpered.

But things were starting to look up as someone was removing the blindfold. It had been an hour since her capture and Beth was glad to be free of the cloth over her eyes. But the dark room was not much better. True, the few candles on the table at the back offered some light to see by, but it was not enough.

Beth turned her head to one side, then the other to locate her captors. She could just make out Martin sitting in a big chair off to one side. He had that huge grin of his but did not say a word.

She turned her head to the other side. On her left stood a man that she did not recognize. Sure, there was a nice, big cock sticking out from between the black leather chaps he wore, but his face was covered in a silk mask leaving only his thick lips and a bushy mustache. He wore only the chaps and as she watched he turned slowly around to show her his tight, muscular butt. Facing away from her, he bent over at the waist and offered her a great view of his hairy legs, strong thighs and tight ass. His chest was equally hairy, but that cock!? Beth thought that it looked familiar somehow, especially that huge knob.

"Who are you," demanded Beth. The guy just laughed, as did the woman. She had come into the room and stood near Martin on the other side of the bed. She was stunning in her own leather outfit. Standing only about five feet tall, this was an inedible example of someone who knew how to dress for a fetish party.

She wore a pair of brilliant, virgin-white leather pants that appeared painted on. A bustier held two perky tits up and out on display to Beth's appreciative eye. Her boobs were thrust up, her nipples were rock hard and the size and colour of cherries. They looked huge in proportion to her smallish tits. Beth swallowed hard as she looked on. Her cunt, already flush with her juices, seemed to get even wetter, as if that was possible.

As Beth stared, the woman also did a slow pirouette allowing her audience of one appreciate the view. She, too, bent over from the waist to highlight her tight, athletic ass. Beth's heart jumped when she noticed that the leather pants were completely open at the crotch. A puff of sandy blonde pussy hair escaped from the slit in the crotch. Beth began to shake with an orgasm —untouched by anyone, but totally taken with what she was seeing.

As the woman turned back to face the bed, Beth noticed the woman's deep tan, her light brown hair sun-bleached to a summer glow that shone in the candlelight. She also wore a mask, but Beth did not care. The woman's tan was deep and even except for the area where a tiny bikini had hidden the smallest amount of her breasts, little more than her nipples, actually. A bright white glow ran up from below the boob, across the nipple and barely spanned her areolas. In fact, they seemed to have escaped beyond the fabric and must have been visible on the beach. These tits were not huge, but they were real, and they were spectacular. That seemed familiar, too, somehow.

While Beth appreciated the wonders of the mysterious woman's body she did not notice the man approaching her from the left. He had no trouble putting the blindfold back across her eyes and she was blind again. She yelled out, "I want to see more of you."

The three of them flipped Beth onto her back again, and re-fastened her bonds yet again. "Let me enjoy myself a bit, already!" she called out.

"You will, trust us, you will..." came the reply from Martin.

Blind to action around her, Beth heard someone approach. Listening closely she identified the sound of a hand stroking a hard cock —an unmistakable, repetitive stroking. Then another sound, a very wet mouth slobbering upon flesh. It's the sound of a sloppy blowjob! There's no other sound in the room, just a mouth back and forth along a hard cock shaft. Maybe there's even a hand holding tight as the mouths dives up and down repeatedly.

A hand is sneaking in behind Beth's head, and suddenly the blindfold comes off. Staring her right in the face, no more than eighteen inches away is the unknown man. He is kneeling in front of Martin and holding on to Martin's thick cock; his mouth encircles the near-purple head. The man looks directly into Beth's eyes as if to say "don't make me stop." Beth's mouth drops open in surprise, and the stranger goes back to the cock in his mouth.

The two men continued like this for several minutes. Martin moans occasionally in pleasure. As much as Beth has been surprised, she is also happy to see that Martin understood that a good face fuck was never to be turned away. After a few more minutes of this, Martin came deep into the man's throat with a hard thrust and a loud groan. He then fell back into his chair, knees weakened by his orgasm.

It was then that Beth looked around to find out what the woman was doing during this time. She was on the other side of the bed, digging around in a gym bag in the corner. She was bent over at the waist and that great ass, encased in its delicious leather and peeking a bit of her pussy was pointed right at the bed.

"She really knows how to flaunt it, doesn't she?" said Beth to the two men.

Still bent over at the waist, woman reached back, unfastened her pants and dragged them slowly down her legs, fully exposing her ass to the other three. Her tan contrasted darkly with the leather, highlighting her athletic, yet feminine build. Beth held her breath as she watched the woman strip.

The woman stood up again and Beth noticed that she was now holding a leather strap. It looked like a harness of some sort. She carefully steps into the harness, pulling it over her thighs. Once it was in place, she reached into her gym bag to pull out a thick, v-shaped double-ended dildo. She took one end, placing it into her mouth and sucking on it suggestively, coating it with a thick layer of saliva. She then slides the dildo into the harness and rubs the head against her cunt to pick up more lubrication. Placing the inner end of the rubber cock at the opening of her vagina, she the slowly eased it into her warm, waiting pussy. Beth can imagine how the woman must feel, getting wetter and feeling the shaft fill her up bit by bit. Now, holding it in both hands, she squats down onto the cock, making half the contraption disappear deep into her love hole.

Now, standing up, the woman snugs up the harness around herself and she steps towards the foot of the bed, her big rubber cock bouncing obscenely with each step. As she came up to the bed Beth was looking on in anticipation. It was clear what was about to happen next.

"Fuck me!" Beth cried out.

The woman knelt on the bed between Beth's spread-eagled thighs, her cock protruding dangerously. On her face was an expression of pure, hot passion for she also knew what was going to happen next. The dildo already in her cunt helped enhance her feeling, too. But the game was to make Beth suffer in anticipation. The woman reached down and grasped her big purple shaft and pulled on it slightly, then shoved it back into herself. This she repeated once or twice more, each time going a bit deeper and harder. Within moments she was aggressively masturbating aggressively with a cock that Beth now considered to be hers.

In and out, slowly, then more quickly. Each time the purple shaft entered the woman's cunt, Beth felt her own pussy screaming for attention. She was absolutely dripping with fuck juice and relief seemed just as distant as it had two hours when all this had begun. Beth could not imagine waiting two hours for an orgasm, let alone that long for a cock inside her. The woman cried out as she came. Ferociously! Unquestionably! Beth cried out almost in tears, "someone please fuck me. Please?" she whimpered, now.

That seemed to do the trick. Without a moment of hesitation, the woman crawled forward on her knees and into position. She approached Beth's wide-open cunt and in one swift motion drove home the full nine inches of length and two inches of diameter of her rubber cock.

That was all it took. Beth screamed in orgasm. Every fibre of her erotic being was electrified by the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced. Her own cum mixed with the puddle of her juices, and those of the stranger.

The woman fucked Beth mercilessly, not that Beth wanted any mercy. She thrust back and forth throughout the orgasm, her own following only a few minutes later. The fucking continued unabated but for an occasional change of pace. Beth came in waves, again and again, each time issuing forth a cry, or a whimper of pleasure.

Eventually the thrusting slowed to a gentle cock-massage, both women having been sated, at least temporarily. That was when the two strangers chose to remove their masks —it was Anne! Her own worker! And Terry, her husband!

"That's why I know that cock! You were at the New Year's party!" exclaimed Beth. "And Anne, I can't believe your tan! A month in Guatemala was good to you."

Despite having been found out, Anne only barely responded. She was busy removing the harness and double-dong. Having done this, she made her way up Beth's still captive body until she was straddling Beth's face. She dropped her pussy, fresh from the mutual dildo fuck, onto Beth's waiting tongue.

Meanwhile, the two men had unfastened Beth's restraints and Terry had taken his place between her legs. With a minimum of introduction he stuck his cock into her cunt as his wife held Beth down with her dripping pussy. This time, there was no fighting off the restraints. Beth was able to reach around Anne to grab her ass and pull her closer as Terry fucked away at her cunt.

"You are so tasty, Anne," mumbled Beth through a face-full of blonde pubic hair.

"And you're great at this," replied Anne.

Terry came soon after. As soon as he withdrew, Martin was there to take his place. His own cock was like steel as he watched his wife eating out her employee. Anne had turned around to face Martin and they were kissing and hugging tightly as Martin serviced his wife and Beth serviced Anne. Martin's dick was deep inside his wife, wallowing in puddles of girl-cum and semen from Terry. Nothing could have stopped him from enjoying this moment.

It took a very short time for Martin to shoot his sperm into Beth. It was his fourth orgasm of the night. As he finished Terry came back to the bed and lay down next to Beth; Anne fell over to the other side, exhausted from the fucking, and from her many orgasms. Martin crawled up his wife's body between them and collapsed at her breast, finally spent.

All four were soon asleep. As Beth drifted off she mumbled incoherently, "I have been well and truly fucked... thank you so much for a great birthday."