 Moving Pictures, Part 2 of 3

We rejoin our story. Beth and Martin have recently purchased and "tested" a new video camera and have met a young, new neighbour, Lianna, whose introduction to Martin came when she watched from her new apartment as he masturbated outside on his deck. Later, she confronted him by asking, "do you masturbate often?" The uninhibited, large-breasted nymph was also a hit with Beth. The story continues...

===

Martin told Beth all about his experience with Lianna over the previous hour. He told her about the very uninhibited attitude the girl had. He even told her about getting caught jacking off on the deck. Beth, while amazed at her husband's luck, and now her own, still didn't really believe all the details. At her challenge, Martin suggested that Beth go up to see Lianna herself and maybe invite her for dinner.

Over a simple but tasty meal, the three new friends found they had much in common. Lianna was truly uninhibited and amazingly honest. She told the couple all about her sexual history, and even a bit about that of her parents. This she did only after swearing Beth and Martin to secrecy. It turned out that while Lianna's parents were totally honest with their daughter, they did not seem to have the same liberated attitudes in regards of other people. Naturally, all were quick to commit to the secret.

As the three sat around after dinner, Beth let it slip that they had been planning a small party on the weekend. A video party. It appeared to have just slipped out by accident, but it is unlikely. Lianna quickly expressed an interest in the filming and asked enough about the party to find out that there would only be two couples and Paul in attendance.

"That doesn't seem fair to Paul," she mentioned almost casually. "Can I come to? I can balance the numbers, if you know what I mean?"

"Are you sure you want to come to our little event? It's going to get pretty serious, you know. Besides, what about your parents? I don't expect they will be too supportive," explained Martin.

"No problem! They are away until Sunday night. I can even sleep over here as long as I get home by noon."

For the rest of the evening, Beth and Lianna huddled together and planned out the coming party. Each time Martin approached he was sent off with another errand for a drink, different music or what have you. By the time they were done, the girls had a complete plan, one that would certainly please everyone involved. The best part, of course, was the surprise attendance of one particular 18 year-old, rather libidinous young lady. Even Martin did not know about Lianna's involvement.

The remainder of the week dragged on for every person that was to be at the party. Paul was pretty sure that he was only supposed to film Martin and Beth. That was certainly exciting enough, but he did not much expect to be involved at all. Still, he spent most of the week walking around with at least half an erection as he anticipated the evening.

Anne and Terry only knew that they were meeting their good friends for a special night. The hint about a new video camera had been well-received so they were prepared. Anne, especially, spent a great deal of time deciding what she would wear. She had been thrilled that Beth had so enjoyed her leather chaps so she was leaning to another sexy outfit recently purchased.

Lianna, the most unexpected guest-to-be, spent most of the time locked up in her apartment. Despite her apparently frivolous attitude to sex, she was incredibly turned on to have been included in what was sure to be a great orgy. It was to be her first group experience, except maybe that time at camp only a week after her last birthday when she had taken turns blowing that camp counsellor with her best friend. But he had been pretty young and this was going to be with mature, adult people. In fact, little Lianna spent many hours thinking about the event. Many of those hours were spent with a vibrator inside her young pussy. She also spent a great deal of time carefully trimming her delicate pubic hair so that it would be just perfect to impress those older men. She did not really consider the effect it would have on the women, though.

By the time Friday rolled around, each guest had been dealing with the possibilities in their own way. All, of course, had masturbated more than once in anticipation. There were as many orgasms in preparation as there would probably be all night. It was going to be a great party, although not everyone knew how great.

Paul was the first to arrive, just after dinner. Beth had specifically asked him to arrive early so that he could set up some equipment. There were a couple of tripods —one for the video camera and another for the still camera he had brought along. There were even a couple of extra lights. They were very effective in adding brightness but were subdued enough not to ruin the atmosphere. Besides, the living room was large enough to have hidden pockets of intimate lighting, even with the extra floods. As he set up, Beth casually mentioned that there would be another couple taking part as well. She said nothing about Lianna, of course.

"What do you mean, another couple?" Paul sounded very concerned.

"We invited Anne from the store, and her husband. They know that it's a video night, just not who will be doing the filming," explained Beth.

"I don't know about that…"

"We know them very well, Paul. There will be no problems with this. Trust me," assured Beth.

But he needed more to be convinced. So she told him about her birthday party in complete detail, including how marvellous Anne had looked that night. She told him about how well-fucked she had been, and how great a memory it had become. "This should be even better," she added to seal the deal. As the three of them sat back with drinks the doorbell rang.

"That's going to be them," exclaimed Martin. He was far more excited about this than he let on and almost ran to the door to let his other guests in.

Martin led the way back to the living room. He was closely followed by Anne, then Terry. Paul and Beth both were awed by the look that Anne had chosen for the party. She was dressed in the stereotypical schoolgirl outfit, but a very adult version. She wore black four inch high heels that highlighted her legs beautifully. These were encased in bright white nylon that were perfect to show off her strong, muscular calves and legs. Her regular workouts at the gym certainly paid off, thought Bev as she appreciated her friend's fabulous legs. The stockings ended far above the knee in a delicate lace pattern held carefully by a garter that just barely peeked below the hem of the very short skirt. The skirt was of the usual plaid pattern in white and red but cut so short as to suggest that a whisper of air might lift it enough to show her panties.

As Anne walked, the skirt swished softly and rose each time she stepped forward. Paul's eyes were glued to the hemline and each step brought another thrill of white garter. He stared openly as Anne came into the room and chose an upright chair directly across from he and Beth who were seated low on the sofa. She demurely crossed her legs, exposing a bit more stocking and a bit more garter to their greedy eyes. Later, as they talked, Anne would relax her position and slightly open her legs to show Beth and Paul that she wore the teeniest white lace panties that matched her stockings and garter ever so perfectly.

Her blouse was crisp and white silk that molded itself perfectly to her pert breasts. She obviously wore no brassiere as her areola showed slightly through the filmy fabric. Three buttons were open at the neck, leaving the fabric gaping all the way to a point just below her breasts. Her ever-present tan contrasted beautifully with the white of her blouse.

Terry had also dressed for the party. He wore a casual but elegant linen shirt, also in white. This was tucked into a very tight pair of black leather pants. In the dim light the other guests could not be sure but the bulge at the crotch seemed very generous. As he moved into the room behind his wife he came into better light and answered any question there might have been. Beth, in particular, was appreciative of the outfit Terry had chosen. His athletic buttocks were snug against the leather and as he walked past Beth to the other sofa, Paul heard her breathe in quickly as if in anticipation.

Terry sat down a few feet to from Beth. He leaned back stretched out his legs in comfort. The position had the added benefit of demonstrating the tightness of the leather. Both Beth and Paul could see the thick rope of his cock pressed hard against the crotch of his pants. He had become semi-hard, it seemed, and his cockhead was pressed against the leather enough to show its unique shape and thickness. As the two watched Anne made note of the situation. "How do we look?"

The blabbering that followed from Beth, Paul and even Martin was answer enough to show that all were impressed.

"We thought you might like our new outfits. We bought them especially for tonight!" declared Terry.

"Oh, we do love them," supported Beth. "What do you think, Paul?"

"You guys look incredible. Wow!"

The small talk flowed easily over the next half hour or so as the five friends chatted and drank, drank and chatted. Although Terry and Anne were unsure about the presence of Paul, the talk still tended to the suggestive. Eventually, someone made a comment about the special birthday party that Beth had been the focus of not so long ago.

"I hear that she really enjoyed herself," said Paul.

"You did?" quizzed Martin.

"I heard a few things. Beth has some difficulty holding back sometimes."

"I don't think so," exclaimed Anne. "She certainly held little back that night!"

Soon all five of them were talking about the birthday party and how successful it had been. With the talk becoming openly sexual it soon came time to move things along. Beth took complete charge as she stood up and announced, "I have a very special surprise for you all tonight! Everybody grab a seat on the sofa… Paul, set up your video equipment, please."

Rather than debate, all the guests took their place and Paul quickly set up the video camera on its tripod and turned on the extra lights. Beth, in turn, grabbed the remote control to change the music and to turn it up loud. The music had a heavy and rhythmic beat that set everyone's blood to hot.

After a couple of verses of the first cut there was a rustle of sound from the other room and to everyone's surprise, except Beth of course, out came a beautiful and very sexy young woman. It was Lianna, dressed in a long, flowing silk robe loosely tied at the waist but showing little more than a few inches of her skin at the neck. On her feet she work a modest pair of high heeled shoes that highlighted the outfit very nicely.

Her walk towards the centre of the room was confident. She stopped in front of the sofa and started to gently undulate her hips. As she moved to the music, Lianna's eyes were partly closed but she was carefully watching her audience to gauge their reaction to her movements. All the faces were locked on her as she danced for them. There was silence in the room as each person began to realized what was going on, and who was doing it. This was a very young woman with a supple and enticing body, as best they could tell with that robe on.

Lianna's body began to move more in response to a quickening beat. She was obviously a great dancer who had great control of her body. As her hips swayed and her body turned away from the group, she untied the belt on the robe and as she turned back the lightweight fabric opened to reveal the sexy outfit she wore beneath it.

First were crisp, white self-supporting stockings that ran the length of her graceful dancer's legs. The lace patterns at the top were completely visible and ended inches below the very tight, very short skirt. It was leather and a bright red in colour, a shade that contrasted amazingly with the stockings. The skirt was so short that already there was a hint of the sexy white panties that she had on. From behind the view was spectacular as Lianna's ass peaked out each timed she whirled. The view was amply aided by a slit along one hip of the skirt. Each turn promised another glimpse of the tight young thighs of the dancer.

Complementing the leather skirt was a form-fitting blouse in a matching shade of pink. The fabric was straining against her ample bosom, crying for release. The cloth was thin and the guests could see the outlines of a dark brassiere beneath the fabric.

Lianna continued to dance and sway to the music, all the while watching her audience as closely as they were watching her. She could see their eyes were glued to her body; she felt vibrant and desirable from the attention. Lianna felt surprised that she found herself performing as much for Beth and Anne as she was for the three men.

As she danced she would move back and forth in front of the four on the couch, displaying a bit more each time she passed. From time to time she would move in close to where Paul was running the video camera. Each time she would give the lens an eyeful. As Paul followed her every move with the camera, Lianna leaned towards the glass eye and squeezed her breasts tightly together to form a valley of cleavage that filled the viewfinder. Another time, she bent over completely and touched the floor between her partly spread legs as she faced away from the camera. The group on the couch got wonderful a frontal view; the camcorder got a perfect leg and ass shot.

Lianna could not help but notice the effect her dancing was having on the men in the group. Paul already had a sizeable bulge in his dress slacks. Martin and Terry each sported a similar bulge in their pants. Martin, in particular, was sitting with his legs spread comfortably apart. No doubt this was because of his experiences on the deck a few days before. Terry seemed a bit less forward and had crossed his legs, hiding some of the impact Lianna was having.

While the women were not so obvious, they, too, were affected. Anne in particular, sat with her legs held tightly together. Beth was half-standing beside the sofa and had one hip on the arm, next to where Terry was sitting. She could also see the bulge in his pants and would occasionally stare down at his crotch, remembering his wonderful cockhead and how it had nearly split her open that birthday so long ago. She looked over to Paul often as well to see how he was making out with the show. Their eyes met and they smiled knowingly at each other. Beth casually motioned with her eyes that she was enjoying the swelling at Paul's crotch. He just got harder.

The dance continued and Lianna soon began to undo the buttons on her blouse. She moved back and forth in front of the sofa, giving each person a better and better view of her chest. Soon, all the buttons were undone and she gracefully slipped the silky fabric off her shoulders, letting it slide to the floor behind her. Before the blouse had landed, Anne had already gasped aloud. Martin let out a soft "wow" at much the same time.

Beth and Terry were silent, but their eyes were locked on the young woman's gorgeous breasts. She had on a skimpy lace bra that held her ample breasts tightly together, pushing them up and causing them to strain against the dark purple fabric. As all the eyes are on her, Lianna begins to take off the skirt. She seductively reaches around to the back and unzips the leather. Her hips press tightly against the skirt as they are exposed to the crowd. She sensuously grasps the material and very slowly peels it off her hips, down along her thighs to eventually make it to the floor. She guides the skirt all the way down, once again bending over at the waist, legs perfectly straight, giving every person the most generous view of her incredible buttocks.

Lianna's body is flawless in the way only a eighteen year-old's could possibly be. She is now dressed in only the thin bra and a matching g-string. From the back, very little of the underwear is visible as it disappears quickly between the cheeks of her perfect ass. From the front there is an equally erotic picture as the lacy fabric softly encases the soft mound of her pussy. Clearly visible through the sheer lace is the soft hair on her mound. The curves of the g-string hug the womanly figure; a few stray pubic hairs peek out along the edges of the cloth covering her pussy. Lianna slides the underwear slowly off her body. Still wearing the pushup bra, she walks over to Martin and tucks her panties into his shirt pocket. She doesn't say a word.

Now the dancer is nude except for her bra. This, she makes quick work of by going over to Terry and thrusting her ample chest towards him. He understands immediately that he is to open the bra with the front snap. Unsure about how far he should go, Terry only pops open the snap. As he does this, Lianna takes her breasts into her hands and holds the bra in place. Holding on tightly, she goes over to Anne, leans forward to bring her boobs to within inches of the older woman's face. Cupping her breasts tightly, she slowly moves her hands away and lets the filmy silk of the bra slide off her chest and onto Anne's lap. Unsure of herself, Lianna hesitates before moving away. Had Anne realized that the girl was considering smothering the her with her boobs, she would have grabbed at Lianna's chest and brought them to her mouth. It was not to be. Yet!

All the while, Paul was capturing every angle and every little movement with his video camera. He would often swing over to film the faces of the other adults in the room; once he panned towards Martin's lap and zoomed in tight to the big erection pressing against the fabric there. He also got good shots of Anne and Beth as they loosened up and showed extra leg or breast. He got one great closeup of Anne's tight, tanned legs, all the way up to her panties.

While Lianna continued to dance, things were getting a bit more interesting on the sofa. By now no one was trying to hide anything. Terry had slipped a hand onto Beth's lap as she sat beside him. He was pressing the heel of his hand against her pubic bone and she was gently pushing back against his pressure. Anne, at the other end, had already unzipped Martin's pants and was fighting with his underwear in a battle to release his cock from its confines.

Each little bit of this was going on video as Paul concentrated on his assigned task. As he struggled to maintain his composure, Lianna danced over to his position. She extended a hand towards him and beckoned with her index finger. Paul came out from behind the tripod and moved towards the girl. She took his hand and dragged him into the centre of the room. He stood there dumbly wondering what was going to happen next.

Lianna gently pushed him backwards with one finger on his chest until he sat down on a straight back chair that she had earlier pulled into the area. Sitting there, Paul had no idea what was going to happen. But Lianna knew. So did Beth who had arranged the whole of this little event, right down to the lap dance that Paul was about to get from the young woman.

As he sat there, Lianna began by straddling his legs and undulating back and forth inches from Paul's body. She grazed his crotch with her own time and again, each time with a bit more pressure. She could feel his hard cock pressing hard against the cloth. Her breasts gently rocked with her movements as she continued to dance. She pressed herself firmly against Paul's face finally, giving him the most incredible gift of her ample boobs. As she continued to work on making Paul's evening the most exciting ever, the others were no less active. Anne had succeeded in taking Martin's big cock out and was stroking his shaft as she continued to watch Lianna's dancing. Martin was enjoying the moment and simply laid back with an arm resting comfortably on either side of him. He was loving the show as much as the hand that was holding his cock.
