 Moving Pictures, Part 3 of 3

Finally, our story comes to a close as the party guests, including 18-year old, on-her-way-to-becoming a sex-goddess, Lianna. Uninhibited and free with her body, Lianna has been entertaining Paul, Martin, Anne and Beth with a sensual, erotic dance. The party soon became a wild orgy of pleasure for the guests. After much fun and pleasure, there is a brief pause during which Beth invites the girls into the bedroom for a special treat and to prepare for the men's entrance. Enjoy, and let me know how you liked it.

===

Hesitating, Lianna quietly mutters, "can I go?"

"Oh, baby. Can you ever!" says Beth.

"Can I go, too?" asks Anne.

"Three is never a crowd," is the reply.

"How about us?" asks Paul. He is still holding Martin's cock.

Beth explains the rules, "You can all join us, but you have to wait fifteen minutes or else there will be none for any of you!"

At that, the three women trotted off to the back of the apartment. Their three naked bodies glistening from perspiration, their three great butts waving goodbye to the men.

For the next fifteen minutes there is no sound in the living room. The music continues to play but all three men are silent, not wanting to say a word about what is going on. For Martin and Paul the silence has a lot to do with their mutual concern for what the other is thinking. For Terry, it's just a moment to rest and to prepare for what is to come. Despite their silence, both Martin and Paul are recalling how exciting it had been to handfuck the other man. And how incredible it had been to make him come!

As the clock ticked off the fifteenth minute, all three men jumped up simultaneously. Led by Martin, they marched off to the bedroom. They were not prepared for what they saw when they came into the room.

Beth and Anne were each laying over one arm of the big armchair, their soft asses pointing towards the doorway. Lianna is facing away from the door and is dressed in a tight black bustier. As she turns to greet the men they can see her amazing breasts pushing against the silky fabric. Her perfect breasts are highlighted as they push up and out of the bustier. Her nipples peek over the edge of the cloth. They are hard and demanding; her areola peek out as well, equally inviting. She is still wearing the sexy white stockings and her heels but she is otherwise naked. In her hand she is holding the whip that Beth had brought out at first. As the men enter she brings the whip she is holding down onto the two older women's buttocks. The smack shocks the men. They had no idea that this would be the situation. Lianna brings down the leather once more. Each stroke of the whip is firm yet not so hard as to hurt Anne or Beth. Of course, Beth will have none of this and calls out, "is that all? Whip my ass!"

Lianna brings the leather down again, this time harder. Beth screams in pleasure. Anne is next to receive the whip and she, too, squeals in delight. The three men stand there dumbfounded. But their cocks are already responding to the incredibly erotic scene, hardening yet again.

Temporarily finished punishing the women, Lianna turns to face the men. As she does, they are surprised again as she is wearing Beth's purple dildo in its harness. Bobbing obscenely each time she moves, the rubber shaft projects invitingly from her young crotch. Lianna stands there, facing the three shocked and naked men. She looks at them with a very determined look and says, "you are to do as I say, boys!"

There is no response. "What did I just say?" she says more firmly this time.

Terry replies, "we are to do what you say."

"Good. You," she points to Martin, "fuck Anne. She needs it bad!"

"And you," she says, pointing to Terry, "Beth needs it up the ass right now!"

Before those two could even move, she commands Paul, "and you, go get the camera. I'll be wanting pictures of this."

Paul quickly left the bedroom and raced to retrieve the digital camera. Martin and Terry each moved into place behind their respective women. Lianna pushed Martin forward, telling Anne to get ready for a fucking.

With Martin in place, Lianna took Terry by his root, squeezing it a few times. Holding him firmly, she reached over to the dresser, picked up the lube and squeezed a large glob into her hand. She then massaged it lovingly all over Terry's cock, paying special attention to the huge purple knob. When it was liberally coated, she placed her hand on Beth's ass and slicked her asshole with the remaining lubricant. Beth playfully pushed out her big ass tempting Terry with a "come on in, big boy!"

Responding exactly as Beth had hoped, Lianna picked up the whip and dragged it across Beth buttocks, threatening to smack her again. Beth replied with, "do it, Lianna. Make me want it even more."

She got her wish.

Terry then moved in close and pointed his cockhead at Beth's well-lubricated ass. Gentle pressure yielded a smooth entry. All at once, he was buried to the hilt in Beth's welcoming ass. He began to fuck Beth, slowly at first but then with increasingly hard thrusting. Soon, he was pounding into her just the way she liked it. His huge knob was touching every inch of her, pleasuring her to orgasm once more.

Martin was going at Anne from behind with equal fervour. His ass was thrusting back and forth as he held onto Anne's hips for dear life. She was bucking wildly, enjoying every little bit of his terrific cock. As he continued to fuck her, Lianne began to coat her protruding rubber cock with more of the lubricant from the tube. She slapped globs of it all over the shaft and head; Paul took pictures of this —closeups, of course.

The next moment took both Paul and Martin by surprise. Lianna moved in behind him with her lubricated dildo sticking out a mile. She proceeded to push up against his ass. Lianna was holding on to her cock, guiding it towards Martin's puckered anus. When he realized what was about to happen, Martin stopped fucking Anne, protesting, "what are you doing? What's going on?"

Beth, who was enjoying her own anal adventure replied with a firm, "she's going to fuck you ass, honey, just like you did for the camera last week."

That was enough to shut Martin up and encouraged him to open his legs wide and inviting Lianna to move closer. It was a long time coming, but eventually, Lianna had buried about half of her dildo into Martin. She paused. He slowly began to move into Anne again. The motion was gentle at first as each time he pulled out, Lianna went deeper into his ass. Soon all three of them were fucking away with abandon. The Anne-Martin-Lianna daisy chain offered an unprecedented photo opportunity for Paul who took every advantage. Even Beth and Terry had stopped fucking to watch the action not a foot away from them.

Eventually, Lianna pulled out of Martin's ass. She moved over to Paul, scaring him somewhat because he was certainly not ready for that kind of action. He was relieved to see her removing the dildo and harness. She grabbed his hand and pulled him onto the big king-sized bed. There, she began by pushing him onto his back. The camera was gone; all that remained was his rigid cock and the intense need for some relief.

With Paul on his back with his cock standing tall, Lianna again took charge of the situation. She climbed in between his legs and began by kissing his hairy balls and licking the thick shaft of his cock. Lianna then slid her body along his, dragging her incredible tits along his body until they were pressed up against his cock. Looking him right in the eye, she asked Paul, "how would you like to tit-fuck my boobs? I've never done that and it seems so erotic."

"Oh, baby. Please let me fuck your tits. They are so beautiful, so delicious."

Lianna slid further along his body, bringing her big boobs towards Paul's mouth. Once there, he kissed and licked them insanely. His saliva coated them completely, making her as wet as possible for the upcoming fucking.

With her firm young breasts wet from his licking, Lianna slid back down to Paul's cock. She lay down on his crotch, pressing his great erection into the tunnel formed by her boobs. She pressed her tits together, grasping his thick shaft tightly. Then she slid it easily between her tits, holding him encased in her fleshy boob tunnel. Paul was thrusting hard against her. His hands covered the girl's and held her tits tightly together making the perfect receptacle for his cock. Only minutes later, Paul was coming once more. His orgasm was perfect as his sperm landed all over Lianna's ample bosom, though she caught much of it on her tongue. He continued to thrust towards her mouth, each time she would quickly suck on his cockhead. Exhausted by another great orgasm, Paul fell back to rest. Lianna stayed where she was, draped across his crotch, watching his cock wither, sloppy from its ejaculation.

The other two couples were equally finished, for the time being. The four of them made their way over to the big bed and flopped haphazardly on its comfortable surface. Six tired bodies lay there, recuperating for a moment, just waiting for someone to fire up another erection or strap on a dildo.

About an hour passed before anyone made a move. Paul lay there with Lianne still across his hips. Her wonderful tits were pressed against his cock. Seeing it like that, so close to those perfect breasts, made it stir again. Anne and Beth had fallen into each other's arms and were cuddling. Beth had one thigh pressed against her friend's mound. Anne's perky and completely tanned breasts were a fabulous contrast to Beth's huge, white tits. They touched slightly, nipples now soft and pliable. Martin and Terry had fallen onto the bed among a tangle of legs and bodies; they too rested.

At much the same time as Paul's cock was beginning to wake up, so too were the interests of the others on the bed around him. Lianna had fallen asleep but the two older women were already awake and looking around for more action. As Beth glanced about, obviously looking for another cock to fill her cunt, Anne ducked her head to Beth's big tits and began to suck on one of her thick nipples. Beth reciprocated by slipping a hand down between their bodies and cupping Anne's pussy with her palm.

As her hand reached its destination, Beth found that Anne had shaved her pussy completely smooth. "Nice, soft cunt, honey," whispered Beth.

"I'm glad you like it. I have been shaving it all summer, just to get that even tan I know you love."

Beth looked down at the pussy in her hand and sure enough, it was evenly tanned. A gentle golden colour that matched the rest of the body to whom it belonged. The smooth flesh of Anne's cunt was a most inviting place and soon Beth had crawled down to it and was softly licking and kissing it. Anne was not to be outdone and she soon had moved into a sixty-nine position with Beth. Anne rolled on top of Beth, her hips straddling the soft white tits below. She pressed her sex onto the mouth awaiting it and ground her hips to completely coat Beth's face with her juices, and those that Martin had left insider her an hour before. Beth revelled in the taste, and in the fun. She dug her tongue along Anne's slit over and over again, paying special attention to the long, thick clitoris at one end.

Anne was just as busy with Beth's thick, welcoming pussy. She nibbled on the wide lips, occasionally taking one between her teeth and pulling it as far as it would go. Each time this happened, Beth would grasp Anne's clitoris in her teeth ever so gently and nibble on it, too. This went on, back and forth, for a long time.

The men were all awake now and each was sporting another erection. Their cocks seemed well recuperated after the rest; they were again thick with their blood. A close inspection would have showed them bobbing in anticipation as they each watched the two incredible women eating each other's pussies mere inches away.

Lianne had woken up as Anne had crawled on top of Beth. She had slipped off Paul's crotch and was now leaning back against him. She stared at the action in front of her eyes, never having seen two women go at it like this.

"I never really thought that two women could enjoy that kind of sixty-nine," she whispered to Paul.

"They do love it, don't they? Would you like to try it?"

Lianna did not answer, but Anne had heard her. She looked over to the girl and said, "lay back, sweetie."

Lianna did that, taking up a position parallel to Paul on the bed. Anne slid off Beth's face and brought her own to Lianna's crotch. "You are going to love this, hon."

After a few minutes of eating the perfect peach between Lianna's legs, Anne asked her, "are you ready for my pussy?"

"I guess. Okay." Lianna was very hesitant, not because she did not want to try it, rather because she was worried about her first time being less than satisfying for the older woman.

"Don't worry, Lianna. You will do great," encouraged Beth. She was now watching closely with her face only a few inches from Lianna's. "It feels incredible because only a woman really knows how…."

The men were now unable to hold themselves back. Terry was the first one to move as he reached out to Beth. Surprisingly, instead of just letting him get closer, Beth said, "if we girls can do that for you, then you can do it for us!!"

At first none of the guys could move. Paul was aghast at the idea; Martin was equally unsure, although he had enjoyed the ass-fucking Lianna had given him with her dildo. Only Terry was able to respond. He reached across the foot of the bed towards Martin, took his cock in one hand and said, "can I suck your cock, Martin?" "Uh… sure. I guess." Martin wanted to appear less than enthusiastic, though he certainly had enjoyed the last blowjob Terry had given him at Beth's birthday party.

Terry climbed off the bed, knelt alongside and pulled Martin into position by his cock. As Martin lay back, his big erection pushing towards the ceiling, Terry reached both hands to encircle the shaft. He brought his mouth down onto the head, taking it completely in, but no more. One hand cupped Martin's huge balls, the other grasped the shaft and was slowly stroking it up and down. Soon, Terry was taking more of the cock into his face. His head bobbed in time to his hand. Martin moaned his pleasure often; his hips were pumping gently towards the cocksucker between his knees.

Paul, without thinking about the situation, decided that he should be getting involved, too. Without a moment's hesitation, he climbed off the bed and moved over to where Terry was squatting. Without thinking, Paul reached into Terry's crotch and took the man's cock into his hand. It was then that Paul remembered how huge the knob was on Terry's cock.

"I think I'm in too deep," he said aloud as he held the big cock.

"Go for it, Paul," encouraged Beth. She had been watching all along and was completely turned on from the scene that was unfolding. Her husband was getting a blowjob from her worker's husband, and her best friend was about to blow the husband. Wow!

Anne chimed in with, "suck his cock, Paul. He'll love it. Trust me, it's not so difficult."

When Lianna hesitatingly whispered, "I would love to see that, too," Paul knew there was no turning back. He lay down near Terry's crotch; Terry had adjusted his position to give Paul full access. The first touch of a man's cock on his lips was an amazing, sensual feeling. Despite the many blowjobs that Paul had received in his life, he had never imagined how erotic it would be to be giving one.

By now the three women had taken up comfortable positions watching the men put on their show. But soon they, too, took up positions for a lesbian daisy-chain. Beth had her head near the foot of the bed and could watch Terry sucking Martin from close up. "God! That's sexy!"

Lianna was next with her face in Beth's cunt. She was already adept at eating pussy and was making the most of the opportunity. Anne was last in the chain and was eating Lianna's tender cunt. She was positioned over Lianna in a sixty-nine position, but facing the wrong way. Her own pussy was wide open for all three men to gaze at. It was juicy, wide open and perfectly smooth. Almost as smooth as Lianna's young cunt, with its sparse juvenile pubic hair.

Paul was doing his best with Terry's manhood. He had succeeded in taking the whole of the purple knob into his mouth but was unable to take much more. Using the ample saliva coating the big shaft, he was using his hand to simultaneously masturbate and suck Terry off. The texture of the penis, the feeling of the rigid shaft in his hand, hell, the whole scene was doing incredible things to his cock. It had never been so rock hard. After a long time working on Terry, Paul finally began to get some real feedback. Terry had to stop blowing Martin to ask Paul, "can I come in your mouth?"

Paul replied with a muffled affirmative grunt. That was enough for Terry who promptly fired off a load of come into Paul's surprised mouth. Still, he captured almost all of the semen, only swallowing a few drops. An idea had come to him at the same time and he was ready to follow through.

With Terry finished ejaculating in his mouth, Paul let go of the thick cock and made his way back onto the bed. There, he hovered over Beth's face. As she watched, Paul let a few drops of come fall out of his mouth towards hers. Beth opened her mouth wide and caught the first of the drops. With her eyes she asked Paul to continue. He did and a long, thick stream of Terry's ejaculation dripped a foot or more from Paul's mouth into the waiting throat below him.

Not to be outdone, Beth pulled away and moved over to Anne. She repeated the same act with her friend, dripping a mouthful of come into her mouth. As she finished, Beth asked Lianna, "can we do it with you, too?"

Though rather shocked at what was happening, Lianna was not about to say no. This was far too exciting for her and she did not want it to end. Ever.

Anne took her mouthful of her husband's sperm, leaned over Lianna's soft, delicate and impressive tits and she let his spunk drizzle all over the girl's chest. Before she was even finished, Beth had already dived in and was eating the come off Lianna's tits. Anne joined her and in moments, all traces were gone.

The effect of the whole scene had been to make Martin shoot off in Terry's face as he watched the event before him. Come was spattered all over the man's mouth, chin and chest. Unasked, Beth moved to Terry and licked every drop of her husband's sperm off.

"I have now had one of my greatest fantasies realized," glowed Anne as she looked to every person in the room.

"What was that?" asked Lianna.

"I have always wanted to see a man come in my husband's face. Thank you, honey," she said to Terry.

"How about you, Lianna?" asked Beth.

Hesitating, though no one knew why, the eighteen year-old replied, "I have been pretty curious about eating out another woman."

"How was it?"

"Wow! Can I do it again sometime?

"How about you, Beth?" asked Paul. He knew what her fantasy was and this seemed the perfect chance to bring it up.

"I think I have tried almost everything when it comes to sex," she replied, "but there's one thing that somehow I have never had the nerve to try."

"What it is," asked Terry, anxious to join in if needed.

"DP!" was the curt answer.

"What's DP?" asked Anne and Lianna simultaneously.

"Double penetration." Paul jumped in with the answer. He had been awaiting this moment for a very long time as Beth had confided to him many months before that a double-penetration was the one thing she longed to try, but had never found the right moment, or partners.

Without any organisation at all, it was decided that Martin and Terry were the two to fulfill Beth's fantasy. Paul, of course, would take the pictures. The other two would watch, of course.
