 My husband and I had been swinging a little here and there over the last couple of years. It wasn’t the usual swapping or any of that, mostly me with other men while he watched and masturbated. He didn’t have any desire to be with another woman and I certainly didn’t want to see him with one so we kept our fun restricted to single men and the occasional couple that I would be with while he watched.

After a while, we were having trouble coming up with new things to try. It’s not like we had really done it all but our fantasies ran so much toward the voyeuristic variety that we were limited in what we could do.

We were lying in bed one night, our arms around each other, basking in the post-coital glow that all men and women enjoy, whether they admit it or not, we began to talk about what dirty little thing we would try next.

“We could try another woman again,” I said.

“I don’t think so, I love seeing you with a woman but we’ve done that several times and I kind of want something new.”

“Yes, but this time maybe you could get involved a little. You know, fuck me while I eat her, or maybe even get a blow job from both of us.”

Brian stroked my cheek and looked in my eyes, “No, you know that if we go that far that we would probably end up doing more and then we’d both be sorry. I don’t want that and neither do you. Besides, it’s more fun watching you.”

“What then? You’ve seen me do just about everything a man and woman can do.”

“I don’t know. Let me think about it. I’ll see what I can come up with.”

A couple of days passed and I had forgotten all about our conversation. We have those kinds of talks a lot and after a while, you just don’t dwell on them unless it actually leads to something. I had given it some thought a couple times but hadn’t come up with anything and Brian hadn’t said anything either so I simply forgot about it.

Then Brian came home from work one day, gave me a kiss and a hug, and said, “How naughty are you feeling today?”

“Hmmmm, pretty darn naughty I suppose. Why?”

“I’ve got an idea if you’re up for it. It’s pretty kinky though.”

“Oh, now you’ve got my interest. What did you have in mind?”

“Well, my poker game is tonight, right? And it’s my turn to host it. I was thinking about upping the stakes. I’m sure the guys will go for it.”

I just looked at him and shook my head. “Strip poker? Seriously, that’s the best you could come up with?”

He was grinning from ear to ear and said, “No, not strip poker, I was thinking more like fuck poker.”

“I’m starting to get the picture now but you better tell me exactly what you have in mind.”

“It’s simple,” he said, “Me and the guys play our usual game but the high hand will get more than the pot, he’ll also get to do something with you, depending on his hand.”

“You mean like a pair gets a hand job, two pair gets a blow job?”

“Yes, just like that. I was thinking maybe a straight or a flush would get to fuck you and four of kind or a full house could get some ass. We could work out the details before we start. What do you think?”

“I think you have too much time to think,” I laughed.

“Are you up for it or not? We only have a couple hours before the guys get here.”

I thought about it for a few moments. It certainly sounded like it would be fun and his poker buddies were mostly good looking guys. I had a feeling that I was going to be sorry but I nodded my head and said, “Ok, let’s do it.”

We spent the next couple of hours getting ready for the game. I helped get together some snacks and went to take a shower and find something sexy but simple to wear while Brian set up the table and chairs.

When I came down from my shower I was wearing a nice white cotton blouse that buttoned down the front and a short plaid skirt that I had found buried in my dresser. I was going to add some stockings and heels but I figured they might just get in the way. After all, I didn’t really need to impress these guys, they had seen me plenty of times and we had all flirted back and forth a bit. 

Brian looked at me when I came down and whistled, “Damn, baby, you’re perfect.”

“It gets better,” I told him, “I’m not wearing any panties or bra. I thought maybe they would slow things down.”

“Oh shit! You really are ready, aren’t you?”

“As ready as I’ll ever be. Have you figured out the details yet?”

“Yeah, here’s how I think it should work…,” and he proceeded to tell me how the hands and sexual acts would go.

It all came down to this…

A pair got a hand job.

Two pair and three of a kind got a blowjob.

A straight and a flush got to fuck my pussy.

Four of a kind and a full house got to fuck my ass.

A straight flush or a royal flush got to do whatever he wanted.

If a person won by all the others folding then he got a blowjob. That way no one could bluff their way into some anal or whatever they might want.

If a winning hand was nothing more than a high card then the winner got to eat my pussy.

We also had our usual rule about how either of us could back out at any time if we wanted to but since we had never done that in any of our previous escapades, it was doubtful that it would happen this time.

There were four other men in the poker group and they began to arrive around 7pm. Josh and Rick were the first to get there and when they saw me, they were mildly surprised. I usually don’t stick around for these things, instead I like to go shopping or to a friends house. 

Soon after, Sam and Devon got there. Devon was the only black man in the group and I was glad he had showed up because I had always had a secret desire to have fun with him. I had never been with a black man before and Devon was a nice guy who also just happened to be very good looking. I hadn’t told Brian about my desires because, even though we were very open about those things, I didn’t want to cause any friction in their friendship.

I said hello to all the men and they were all very polite and asked me if I was sticking around for the game. I told them I was going to be here but wasn’t going to play cards.

“I’ll probably have some influence on the game, though,” I said.

All the guys just shrugged this off, probably thinking I was just being a typical women, trying to insert herself into her husbands male-bonding.

After everyone got settled down and ready to play Brian told them he had a fun idea for the night.

“The reason Kelly is here tonight is because we thought we could make this game night a little more interesting. All you guys are single so I didn’t think you’d have a problem with this. As long as you all agree, we thought that you might like to play cards, not only for money, but for Kelly too.”

Rick was the first to say something, “What do you mean? You don’t mean to actually use her for money do you?”

“No,” Brian said, and he then explained to the group what we had in mind and the rules of the game.

“Well, what do you think?”

“Shit, I’m all for it,” Josh said, a huge smile on his face.

“Sounds pretty good to me,” Devon said while looking right at me.

Rick and Sam both just nodded and smiled. 

“Ok, let’s play cards then!” Brian exclaimed and they all sat down and got their money sorted and started dealing.

Since it was our house Brian was the dealer first and called a simple game of five card draw, threes wild. He dealt out the cards and the men began to bet. I circled the table, looking at all their hands. At first, they tried to hide them from me, probably thinking I was going to help Brian cheat but I put their fears to rest.

“Don’t worry guys. I’m just looking. It doesn’t matter to me who wins. I’m just curious who’s going to be first.”

They must have trusted me because they started giving me better views and even asking me what I thought of their hands.

Right after the deal, Sam had the best hand of a pair of jacks. Devon had the second best with a pair of sevens. The other three guys really didn’t have much. They all made their bets and started asking for new cards. Once the cards were dealt Sam was left with just the pair and Brian ended up with a pair of twos but Devon came up with three sevens. Rick and Josh folded and the remaining three men did their betting and finally called each other’s hands. 

I was trying so hard not to stare at Devon. I knew he had won but I didn’t want to give it away because not only was I involved but there was money in it too and it wouldn’t be fair to let on who was winning.

They each laid down their cards and Devon set his down last and got the biggest grin on his face that I had ever seen.

“Looks like I’m the winner,” he said as he raked in the pot. He then looked at me and said, “So, do I get my blowjob here or do we go in the bedroom?”

“Right here is just fine,” I said. I walked over to him and he turned his chair so it was facing me. I got down on my knees in front of him and reached up to the snap on his jeans. “You know, I’ve never done anything with a black guy before.”

“Don’t worry; I’m sure you can handle it. Brian has told us you know how to take care of a guy.”

I undid his jeans, pulled them down around his knees, pulled down his underwear, and looked at his very nice black cock. It was semi-hard and although it wasn’t the biggest I’d ever seen it certainly wasn’t small. All the men around the table were staring at me and I was a little nervous because even though I’ve had Brian watch me before I’ve never had a whole group watching.

I figured it was going to be a long night if I didn’t start soon though and I took Devon’s dick in my hand and gave him a couple nice long strokes to get him ready. I looked up at him, opened my mouth, and took the head of member between my lips. I sucked on the head and flicked it with my tongue before going down and taking more of it in. He became hard almost instantly and it was soon impossible for me to get his whole length in my mouth. 

I began to bob up and down on his shaft and I used my hands to stroke his cock and massage his balls, trying to get him off as soon as I could, not because I wasn’t enjoying myself but because I didn’t want to be worn out before getting to all the other guys. I knew I was going to be pretty tired before this night was over and didn’t want it to be any worse than it had to be.

I don’t know what I expected from a black man but it really wasn’t any different than a white man. His cock tasted and felt the same but there was something about him being black that made it fun. Maybe it was the taboo of interracial sex or maybe it was because he was the only one in the group. Either way, it was fun and I was soon wet between my legs.

I had only been sucking him for a few minutes when I felt him tense up and his cock swelled in my mouth. I hadn’t intended to swallow, I usually don’t for anyone other than Brian but I hadn’t been paying attention, my mind on being watched and the fact that I was with my first black man, and his load caught me a bit by surprise.

He jerked once and I felt his warm semen shoot into my mouth, the salty liquid covering my tongue and going down my throat. I stopped bobbing on his cock and just held it in my mouth and let the cum shoot into me. It was a good-sized load and it took a few seconds before he was completely done. A little, of it dripped out onto my chin and when he was done, I took his cock out, used my finger to wipe it up, and made a show of me sucking it off my hand.

All the men sat in stunned silence for a few seconds and then erupted in applause. I had apparently impressed them. I stood up and made sure there wasn’t any more semen on my face and then Devon stood up and pulled his pants back on. He gave me a little wink and then sat back down and said, “Ok, let’s play some more cards.”

The other men agreed, obviously looking forward to their own time with me, and they got back to their game.

Since Devon had won the last hand, he got to deal and called Texas-Hold-Em with nothing wild. It’s been a popular poker game recently because of tournaments on TV and such and all the guys knew it well.

At first, it was looking like the winner was simply going to be whoever held the high card because not one of the guys had a pair or possible straight. Then as Devon laid down the last card, I saw that Rick had finally gotten a pair of fours. The men all showed their cards and, sure enough, Rick was the winner.

“It’s a small pot,” he said, “but at least I get a hand job out of the deal.”

“I know the best way to do this,” I told him and pulled up a chair next to him.

I sat down, reached over, unzipped his pants, and took out his cock. I had seen him naked once when he had taken a shower at our place because he and Brian were in a rush to get somewhere and I had inadvertently walked in on him. I thought he had a nice dick then and this only confirmed it. He was about the same size as Brian, a good six inches, and by the time, I got his cock out of his pants he was rock hard. I started to stroke him as we sat there and I told the guys to go ahead and keep playing cards, hand jobs can sometimes take a while.

Rick called five card draw, sevens wild and began to deal as I massaged his dick. I wasn’t able to see the other hands during this game and I was getting a little anxious about who the winner would be and what they would have. I got especially worried when Devon only asked for one card and was beginning to make some pretty large bets.

After Devon bet fifty dollars, Josh and Sam both folded and I could see Ricks hand and knew he didn’t have much. He laid down his cards and said, “I fo….fuck!” I suddenly felt his cock jerk in my hand and his whole body tensed and I felt his hot juice shoot out onto my hand. I kept stroking him until he was finished and Brian went and got us both a couple of towels to clean up.

“Damn, Rick, never seen anybody react like that to a bad hand before,” Josh said and all the men laughed. 

After we got ourselves cleaned up, the remaining two men went back to their hands. I got up and walked around the table to see what Brian and Devon were holding.

Brian three kings and I thought maybe that I would get to suck my husband in front of everyone. Then I saw Devon’s cards and knew what I would end up doing. I told the guys I would be right back and I went in the bedroom and grabbed what I would need and went back to the table. 

Brian and Devon had placed their last bets and were just then laying their cards on the table. I could tell that Brian had thought for sure that he had won because of the huge look of disappointment he got when he saw Devon’s cards. I’m sure it was as much because the pot was over two hundred dollars as it was because he thought he was going to get a blow job.

Devon raked in his winnings and looked at me, “So, you wanna sit on my lap, or should we get on the floor or what?”

“Come here and I’ll show you,” I told him and showed him the bottle of lube I had gotten from the bedroom.

I grabbed his hand, led him over to the couch, and handed him the lube. “I’m sure you know what to do with this,” I said and I bent over the arm of the couch and lifted my skirt. I was feeling slutty and somewhat cheap for the casual way I was doing things but I thought it was the best way to go about it. I had never just bent over and let a man fuck my ass before but I have to admit it did hold a certain appeal.

I looked over and saw the men gawking at us and I could see Josh and Brian rubbing their crotches. Rick wasn’t rubbing his but he had just cum a few minutes ago so I could understand that. I was actually surprised that Devon was so ready to go since he had just gotten a blowjob but I certainly wasn’t going to complain.

Devon was stroking his cock with lube, doing double duty by getting it hard and getting it slippery at the same time. He put some of the jelly on his fingers, spread my cheeks, and slipped a digit inside me. I squirmed a little and relaxed as he pushed his finger in and out of my asshole. I’ve always enjoyed having my bottom finger fucked and this was no exception.

He slipped a second finger in to loosen me up a bit and then I felt the head of his cock push against my tight hole. He must have had some experience with anal sex because he held still and let me back up on him. I pushed my ass back towards him and felt the head slip past the tight ring of my rectum. After the pleasure/pain of his initial entry, it was easier going and I was able to back all the way up and take his entire length into my bottom.

Devon grabbed a hold of my hips and started to stroke his nice black cock in and out of my ass. I loved the feeling of him inside me and the sight of my husband and his friends watching me being fucked in the ass by this handsome black man.

I began to push myself backwards to meet Devon’s thrusts and we soon had a nice rhythm going, his dick going a little deeper with each stroke. It wasn’t long before he was moving faster and I could feel his balls slapping against my pussy with each thrust. 

I felt myself getting wetter and with each forward push, I felt a small spasm of pleasure go through me. I knew I was getting ready to cum and wasn’t sure how I felt about it. It was one thing to have sex in front of these guy but having an orgasm seemed to be a more private function. I couldn’t help myself though and I was soon cumming with an intensity that I only feel with anal sex. I hadn’t even touched my clit yet and I was cumming as if I had been playing with it all day.

Devon thrusted harder and harder and I started moaning and crying out for him to fuck my ass. He never said a word, just pushed and thrusted and finally grabbed my hips and pushed himself the deepest yet. I felt his load unleash into my bowels and he groaned and gave one last thrust.

He held himself inside me for a moment then slowly withdrew his penis. I could feel the semen starting to leak out of my asshole and quickly stood up before the others could see. My hair was disheveled and my face was coated with a fine sheen of sweat.


Devon pulled his pants up and said, “Damn, thanks girl, that was hot!”

I was still panting a little and told him, “No…problem…my pleasure.”

He went back to the table and sat down while I straightened my skirt and tried to fix my hair. The other guys were still looking at me and Josh said, “That had to be one of the hottest things I’ve ever seen. I really have to win a hand sometime tonight.”

“Not likely, the way you’re playing so far,” Brian told him.

Now, as any woman who has anal sex knows when your done, nature will soon be calling and it was beginning to call my name, so I excused myself, told the guys to continue without me for a few minutes, and went in the bathroom.

Once I was in there I took care of business and decided that it would be best to have a quick shower so I undressed and jumped in. I cleaned myself from head to toe, dried off, did my hair and makeup, and was back to the game before they were done with their second hand of non-sexual poker.

I walked around, joked with the men, and waited until they were done with the current hand. Sam was winning this one as when I got around to him he asked, “So, does this game count for fun?”

“Sure,” I told him. “Can’t let you guys go too long without any, you might lose interest.”

“Not much chance of that,” Rick said.

“That’s good,” Sam said as he laid down his cards and showed a straight, “Because I’m about to get me some of that very fine pussy.”

“Mmmm, just what I was hoping for. I know I need a break from the anal for a few minutes, Devon wasn’t easy on me.”

I instructed Sam to stay in his chair and I helped him off with his pants and stroked his cock until it was hard, which didn’t take long. He had the smallest cock of the group so far (I hadn’t seen Josh’s yet) but it was still a nice one and I looked forward to having it in my pussy.
