 //Authors note - This is my first story. I'm open for suggestions. Leave me feedback and I might write another one. //

*

Nicole was hottest chick in any room lucky enough to have her fine ass there, and she knew it. She had the ability to make any woman jealous when she entered a public setting, causing every male in the place to stare uncontrollably. John was Nicole's husband and didn't have any reservations showing off his beautiful wife to his friends, coworkers, and anyone else who couldn't help but gawk at her. The lucky ones of the audience would catch a glimpse of one of the many little "accidental shows" the couple would put on. This especially happened often over at their house, where their small group of close-knit friends would often gather to celebrate any excuse they could find to have a few drinks and a good time. After the boys had a few drinks in them, Nicole would move past the guys on the couch, sliding her perfect, tight ass right across their faces. She would pick things up in a loose shirt, showing off the tops of her small perky breasts, with her nipples barely escaping their views. And the couple's favorite, she would go for a swim in the back yard, and after John's friends had mysteriously all taken turns finding excuses to go to the back window to catch a glimpse of her outside, she would come back in. With her dark straight hair matted to her shoulders, and her wonderfully toned and tanned body still glistening with the pool water. She would take her time moving to the bedroom wearing the latest tiny bikini she had bought. Even though all of John's friends were starting to breathe heavier, the show still wasn't over. She would emerge from the bedroom a little while later wearing a thin t-shirt with no bra, tiny shorts and join the group after getting herself a drink from the fridge. Her small perky nipples trying their hardest to bust through the cotton fabric of her shirt. All of the guys in the room found themselves re-adjusting themselves and trying to avoid standing up until the end of the night. After the guests left, John and Nicole would laugh about the show and the reaction their friends had. Taking advantage of how turned on they both became during the process, they would retire to the bedroom for wild, kinky sex. 

Nicole was a complete slut when it came to the sex her and John had. She was up for pretty much any crazy sexual act John could come up with, and John continuously took full advantage of it. They had been married for a few years, and John was the only guy in the group of friends to have made the jump into marriage. He had bragged about how wild Nicole was in the bedroom when they first started dating, but his friends all shrugged it off as usual guy-boasting, They would all take turns remarking how any act with a girl that hot would be amazing, and therefore there was no way Nicole was kinky because any guy lucky enough to sleep with her would be worshiping her the whole time. Little did they know, a few years later, they were going to find out. 

Night of the Poker Game

"Are you ready for tonight beautiful?" asked John in a teasing manner.

"Baby, I've been wet for almost a full two weeks now just thinking about it." answered Nicole with a grin. "I can't wait to see just how far we can push this."

John and Nicole had become increasingly bold and brazen in their exhibitionist behavior, and the issue finally came up of pushing their relationship with their friends to the limit. Both parties became incredibly aroused with the idea of sharing Nicole with their friends, and they both knew there would be no way in hell anyone could turn her down. They had devised a plan and decided to put it into action on the night of one of their regular poker games they held about once a month. 

John came back from the bar, and handed Nicole a drink. 

"To tonight." John said, raising his glass of Champagne.

"To tonight!" replied Nicole with a smile. 

"I'm going to go get ready now, I'll see you in a little bit." Nicole said with a wink. She then leaned in and kissed her husband. 

And with that, she strutted upstairs to go get ready as John returned to the bar for any last minute preparations. 

About fifteen minutes later, the first of their friends arrived. It was Kevin, early as usual; dressed in the suit he probably wore to work, and carrying two bottles of the latest "best whiskey he's ever had." 

"What's goin' on man!? You have got to try this new shit I had shipped to me!" Kevin said moving his way directly to the bar. 

John followed him, taking a look at the bottle as the doorbell rang only a couple minutes later. John went to the door to meet Steve, the wildest of the friends, ready and willing to pretty much do anything at any time. He was wearing his usual random 10 year old concert t-shirt from a band nobody has ever heard of. 

"What's up mother fuckers!?" yelled Steve on the way in, going straight to the bar. "Man, you brought some more of that crazy shit Kevin? I thought we had an agreement you weren't allowed to bring any more after that McWhateverthefuck brand you brought last time!"

"Nono man, you have to try this new stuff!" replied Kevin defensively. 

The three of them sat down and had a drink waiting for the last guest to show up about 10 minutes later. It was Mike. He was the quietest of the group, but John had known him the longest. He was holding a bag full of chasers, mixers, and assorted other things he had asked if the party had needed before hand. 

"Mike! What in the hell took you so long?" Yelled Steve from the bar, "We were about to start without you!"

"You wouldn't have even remembered how to play without me reminding you every hand," replied Mike. 

After rambling for a while and catching up, they decided to get going and sat down at the poker table. 

John started to shuffle the cards when Kevin said "So where's that hot wife of yours, she out with her fine-ass friends again?"

"Nope, she's here. I convinced her to play hostess tonight." answered John, continuing to shuffle. 

Steve leaned over to Kevin and tried to whisper, "poker and a show!"

"You whisper like a goddamn air horn Steve." said Mike, sitting across the table. 

"Speak of the devil! John said with a smile, looking towards the staircase.

The guests at the table turned to look at the staircase, and all of their eyes widened and jaws dropped at the same time. 

Enter Nicole

Nicole made her way down the staircase, wearing the french maid outfit they had bought at the lingerie shop earlier that day in preparation. She had her dark straight hair down past her exposed shoulders. She had a black top with white lace that started just over her small, perfect breasts and stopped just above her exposed, toned stomach. She had a tiny black skirt with the matching white lace that connected to the black leggings she was wearing that went all the way down to her little black heels. Looking up towards the staircase, the guys at the table got a wonderful glimpse of her tiny white thong underneath the skirt. To complete the outfit she was wearing, she had on a small black collar lined with the same white lace. 

She stopped at the bottom of the staircase, and with a flirty tone said, "I heard you guys were in the need of a hostess for the evening?" and then smiled bringing some of the attention back to her beautiful face. 

"Holy fucking shit..." muttered Kevin. 

"Yes ma'am, and I believe you are hired looking from the look on these guys' face." laughed John. 

Nicole walked over behind the bar, and looked at the guys sitting at the table. All of them were still staring like teenagers at the sight before them.

"So what will you guys be having?" smiled Nicole provocatively.

After what must have been 3 minutes, John replied, "I'll have a vodka tonic please, dear." 

Steve was the first of the guests to break out of the trance. "I'll have some of that shitty whiskey Kevin brought over!"

"Man! You haven't even had it yet!" replied Kevin, breaking his stare also. 

"And what about you Mike?" asked Nicole, smiling and winking at him while pouring the other drinks. 

Mike was still in shock. He had a crush on Nicole ever since John started dating her. 

"He'll have some of that cheap whiskey too!" answered John for him, laughing. 

The attention went right back to Nicole as she emerged from the bar, strutting with a tray and 4 drinks over to John. She leaned over in an exaggerated fashion, causing the 3 guys across the table to all slightly straighten up to get a better sight of her cleavage. She went to the next guy at the table, Steve, and did the same lean, giving the guy ahead of her a view of her cleavage again, and giving the guy behind her a wonderful view of her ass, as her tiny skirt couldn't hide anything when bending over that far. She handed out the drinks and everyone stared at her ass as she walked back to the bar. 

"Alright! Cut the deck!" John said, handing the deck to Mike, who cut the cards without looking and handed them back. 

The guys played a few hands, with the winnings going back and forth while the guys were all constantly staring at Nicole who smiled and played with her hair flirtatiously back at the guests. 

Nicole brought another round of drinks, and after handing them out, sat on John's lap, bit his ear, then giggled. John dealt another couple of hands, winning a considerable amount of money. 

"Damn man, how do I get a good luck charm like that?" joked Steve across the table. 

"All you have to do is ask sweetie." said Nicole with a smile as she got up and made her way around the table. 

"Holy fucking shit...." Kevin muttered again as he watched Nicole's gorgeous body make her way around the table, and sitting on Steve's lap. 

Steve went bright red as he tried his best to keep his composure with that beautiful woman sitting on his lap. John smiled as he dealt another hand. The hand played out, with Steve involuntarily staring down at Nicole's perfect breasts just waiting/hoping for them to pop out of that tiny top. Steve won two hands, and then Kevin got up the courage to make a pass. 

"You can't be hogging all of the good luck buddy!" throwing his losing hand onto the table. 

Nicole smiled, got up, and walked over to Kevin. She turned around in front of him, facing the table. She made an exaggerated lean forward, giving the guys another glance at her cleavage while Kevin received a great look at her tight ass that was less than a couple feet in front of his face. She sat down on his lap. Feeling exceptionally aroused herself, she "made herself comfortable" by grinding on his lap for a tiny bit. During the next couple of hands, she would grind on Kevin's lap, below the eyesight of the table, causing Kevin to sigh and try to not let everyone know what was going on underneath. 

The table played another few hands, and then Nicole's attention turned to Mike, sitting across the table. Mike looked up from his hand, Nicole licked her lips at him, and Mike turned bright red also, looking quickly back down at his hand. She got up, causing Kevin to sigh almost in relief as she stood, and did the same sexy waltz over to Mike. She leaned over the table again, and sat on Mike's lap. She "made herself comfortable" again, making Mike's eyes roll back. Mike was not very well composed as he won the next hand, causing Nicole to celebrate in an over the top way, grinding her ass into Mike's crotch. Mike all of a sudden turned bright red again, and made several heavy sighs as he closed his eyes and grabbed Nicole's waist. 

Everyone stopped, knowing what had just happened, and stared at Mike as he looked down and continued to blush. Nicole giggled, and the table busted out in laughter. 

"I can't say I blame you man," said Kevin. "I don't know how much longer I could have held out either."

Nicole leaned back, cupping Mike's ear and whispered "Sorry about that sweetie, I'll make it up to you later", then bit his earlobe. She quickly got up out of Mike's lap and said, "who else besides Mike wants another drink!?" The table laughed as she got up and made her way back behind the bar, drawing the attention from everyone, once again, to her wonderful ass. 

The next hour of poker playing was relatively uneventful with the exception of the hostess bringing out new drinks a couple of times. John had lost most of his chips, seemingly to Steve who was sitting behind his giant pile. The next hand, Steve had bet a couple hundred dollars in the biggest hand of the night so far. The bet called out everyone else at the table, and the bet then went to John, who was already all in. Steve reached for the chips, when John interrupted him. 

"Alright Steve, I have a proposal for you. I know you're full of shit. Nobody else has the balls to call you out on it, and I simply don't have any more money, so here is the deal." John turned around to the bar, "Nicole, would you come over here please?" 

"Sure babe." she said before prancing over to the poker table. 

"I want to sell you Nicole's top for the remaining $200 I would need to call you." 

The two spectators at the table went silent, eyes wide, immediately turning back to Steve awaiting his answer. Steve kept his cool remarkably well as he leaned back and turned his eyes to John's wife without showing any emotion. Nicole looked down, bit her lip, put her finger between her cleavage, and tugged slightly at the strings in the front of her shirt as she looked up directly at Steve, giving him an "innocent" look.

"Well, I'm not going to lie. I've been dying to see those beauties ever since I first met Nicole... What the hell, deal." Steve smiled and tossed $200 worth of chips in the pot. "Lets see them!"

The eyes on the other two at the table got even larger as they changed from Steve, awaiting/hoping for his agreement to the beautiful woman standing before them. Nicole couldn't hide her mischievous smile, obviously somewhat happy with the answer he gave. 

"For $200, I might as well give you a little show also to complete the full experience!" she teased as she strutted over to Steve's chair. She walked around behind him, dragging her hand across his shoulders. She pulled his chair out from the table a little bit, walked in front of him and then threw her toned leg across his lap, straddling him. She looked at him deviously as she moved back and forth, riding his lap. She looked down at the strings, hanging from the front of her shirt, grabbing them. She did the same slow look back up to Steve, still grinding onto his lap. She bit her lip once again before pulling on the strings, causing the top of her shirt to burst open a little, accommodating for the pressure of her breasts against the shiny fabric. Nicole reached down, taking Steve's hand and guiding it up to the last bit of string holding her top on. A tiny tug on the string was the last little bit of energy needed to make her top practically "pop" open, causing the small amount of fabric fall to the floor behind her and her perfect breasts to bounce in reaction to their new freedom. They were perfect, small, but firm with small nipples, hardened by the arousal Nicole was feeling from the ordeal. She took Steve's hand, placed it on one of her breasts, leaned forward and kissed him deeply. Steve's other hand didn't require any direction to follow suit and grab the other exposed breast. 

The other guests were still speechless, with a look of a deer in headlights, adjusting themselves in their seats. Mike quickly glanced over at John, making sure there wasn't a shotgun that happened to appear at the table or anything. John just sat smiling. 

"Alright, alright. Lets see your hand ya liar!" John said after a few moments. 

Nicole leaned back from Steve, standing up as his hands dropped from her perfect breasts. The table stared as she made sure to not walk gently back over to the other side of the table, ensuring her breasts bounced slightly along the trip. 

After seemingly regaining consciousness again, Steve answered "Good lord... to be honest, I don't even remember what I had." 

Steve turned his cards over, revealing a 10 high. 

"Ha! I knew it!" John exclaimed after throwing down his two pair and collecting the huge pot on the table. 

Steve kept Nicole's top in his stack of chips, which was surprisingly still quite large even after such a hit. Nicole remained topless as she offered the men more drinks. 

"I will drink whatever in the hell you gave me right now!" Mike busted out with his first joke of the night. 

The table laughed as Nicole made her way back to the bar, getting drinks and returning, making sure to bend over the same way for her patrons as she distributed. 

Roughly another half hour passed, and Nicole remained topless as the hostess for the evening. Each of the guests, fighting as hard as they could to win, tried to trigger whatever the next event would be in this insane night over at their friend's house. Kevin ended up winning 4 hands in a row with ridiculously high hands, causing John to once again interject with new "house rules."

"Alright, I'm going to try going at this in another way, tonight just isn't my night. I don't know what you're doing to win this much Kevin, but I'm about to put a stop to it." John said, once again turning around and smiling at his beautiful wife. "Babe, would you mind distracting this poker fiend for a minute while I try to win some of my money back?"

Nicole once again smiled, turning quickly to Kevin with a lustful glare. 

"Anything you say." she replied with a wicked grin. 

She once again made no attempt to soften her step on the way over to the guest in question. She walked around Kevin, appearing in front of him. After swinging her leg across his lap, she slowly sat, straddling him. She placed his hands on her breasts and kissed Kevin deeply as she grinded on his lap. She looked up, gave a mischievous smile, and then basically slid down his lap. Kevin was in a state of shock as Nicole dropped to her knees in front of him. Steve looked at Mike, returning the look of bewilderment, and mouthed "Holy shit!" Nicole licked Kevin's bulge through the fabric of his pants, and then grabbed the zipper with her mouth as she ran her hands up his legs. She moved her hand back down to free Kevin's already rock-hard dick from his pants. She lowered her head to the base of his cock, before looking up into his eyes, extending her tongue, and licking the entire length of his member. Once at the tip, she swirled her tongue around it a few times before lowering her warm, moist mouth over it and descended. Kevin couldn't help but let out a long moan as this gorgeous woman engulfed the entire length of his cock with her mouth in one fluid motion. Nicole started bobbing up and down, showing her deep-throating skills and causing Kevin to place his hand on the back of her dark hair as she worked his shaft. 

The poker table itself was pretty large, not giving the other guys at the table a great view of the amazing blowjob Kevin was getting. Other than the occasional "Slurp" sound and bobbing of the top of Nicole's head, the ordeal was pretty much left up to their imagination. 

"Alright! It looks like he's pretty fucking distracted!" laughed John as he dealt the next hand. 

"Shit man, he's not the only one." Steve responded as he glanced at his cards. 

Every time the bet reached around the table, Kevin called, not surprisingly without even looking at his hand. Before the last bet, Kevin's breathing quickened. His body went rigid as he grabbed the back of Nicole's head. Nicole recognized that Kevin was about to cum, and engulfed the entire length of his cock. Kevin shot his load into her awaiting mouth. Nicole let out a moan, staying on his cock for a minute, making sure she collected all of his cum. She then let his member slip from her mouth, looked up at him, smiled, and opened her mouth to let him see the cum. She then closed her mouth and made an exaggerated "gulp" that she made sure the rest of the table could also hear. After another minute, Kevin looked up and threw a few chips onto the table with a giant, relaxed smile. He then reached down to his pocket and lit a cigarette quite dramatically. 
