 The doorbell rang.

"Fuck," Lucy exclaimed under her breath.

She glanced down at the odometer on the treadmill, just one half mile short of her eight-mile target. Sweaty, and pissed that she didn't have time for a cool down, she hit the stop button.

"Give me a minute," she shouted up the stairwell.

Debbie fidgeted at the front door, already regretting the looming confrontation. Her eyes were puffy and red from crying, and that wasn't the image she wanted Lucy to see. She wiped her eyes and glared at the door, waiting for Lucy to open it.

Lucy grabbed a towel and wiped down her face, arms and torso. Her black sports bra and tight boy shorts were stained with sweat. Her breathing was still hard when she peered out the door sidelights and saw Debbie, looking angry.

Odd, Lucy thought. Debbie's husband Tom was an engineer at the auto company where David worked, and the two played golf and poker together. Other than an occasional social function, they didn't spend much time together. It had only been a few days since she had done David's golf buddies in the guest suite at the country club. She must have learned of Tom's participation and came here to confront me.

"Hi, Debbie," Lucy said, opening the door, "What brings you by so early?"

Debbie steeled her resolve, and blurted out, "You're having an affair with my husband."

"What," Lucy stammered, "that's not true. Tom's not having an affair."

"What's not true," Debbie demanded, "Tom's not having an affair, or it isn't you he is having an affair with?"

"I'm not having an affair with Tom!" Lucy said weakly, technically unsure if one little ass fuck constituted an affair.

Debbie's resolve melted, and she burst into tears, no longer able to confront Lucy.

Lucy, sensing confusion, stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Debbie. She felt guilty as hell about what Debbie was going through, and thought back to her own feelings when she learned about what David had done at the poker party.

"Come on in."

"I'm so sorry," Debbie said, "I shouldn't have accused you. It's just that I was so sure there was something going on between you and Tom."

Not entirely true, Lucy thought to herself, struggling with how she could avoid implicating herself.

"What makes you think Tom is having an affair?"

"For the past few weeks, Tom has been distant, avoiding intimacy. We had dinner with Kevin and Jane a week ago and I felt everybody but me was in on some big secret. Whenever the conversation drifted to whatever it was, Tom would quickly change the subject."

"That seems like pretty weak evidence," Lucy said, remembering that Kevin and Jane had exchanged partners with her and David for a double ass fuck before heading off to the dinner party with Tom and Debbie. She hoped she didn't look as guilty as she felt. "Anything else?"

"Twice this week Tom asked me if you had called," Debbie said, "What do you suppose that was about?"

Shit! Lucy thought to herself. After the guys left the guest suite at the Country Club, David had challenged her to set Debbie up for his fourth virgin ass fuck. Unable to come up with a plan, she had put it off. Now she was in deep shit, but sensed that Debbie was not ready for the truth.

"I met David at the Country Club last week, after their round of golf. I had a beer with the guys, and told Tom that I would give you a call and set up a girls lunch date," she replied, satisfied that she had mostly stuck to a very limited version of the truth.

"Oh, just me, or Bea and Linda too?" Debbie asked.

"All four of us," Lucy lied, "we can have lunch while the guys are on the golf course."

"I'd like that," Debbie replied.

Lucy figured she had dodged a bullet, and Debbie seemed to accept her explanation. They were still standing in the foyer, and she wanted to put an end to any more discussion of this subject.

"Hey, I just got off the treadmill, want to join me for a dip in the pool?"

Lucy saw Debbie hesitate, lost in thought. She couldn't imagine what was going through her mind, worried that Debbie might be looking for holes in the story she had just spun.

"The pool?" Lucy said again, trying to jolt Debbie back to the present.

"Sure," Debbie replied, "do you have a suit I could use?"

"Not necessary, the pool is very private," she said, turning and walking towards the French Doors of the family room.

Debbie reluctantly followed, still troubled by Lucy's explanation. Her mind was a tempest of conflicting emotions. She was angry with Tom for the infidelity she suspected, yet embarrassed for confronting Lucy with pretty flimsy evidence. Add to this her own suppressed guilt for fucking a delivery guy after Tom stood her up. Six months of rationalization evaporated in an instant.

Debbie stepped out onto the pool deck and looked around. There was a round table and four chairs under a large canopy umbrella, flanked by two doublewide chaise lounges with thick yellow pads. She followed Lucy to the edge of the pool, staying a few feet behind her.

Debbie watched as Lucy casually slipped her sports bra up and over her head, then pulled off a hair clip and let her hair fall down her back. Stringy, matted and wet with sweat, Lucy used her fingers to free up the tangle of streaked blond curls. 

Lucy hooked her thumbs inside her shorts, slipping them down her hips exposing her well-rounded ass. Debbie was struck at the beauty of her ass, set off by the faint bikini lines across her perfectly tanned body. Envy and a touch of arousal mixed with the emotions swirling in Debbie's mind.

Lucy bent at the waist, sliding her shorts down to her ankles. For a brief moment, Debbie could see the tightly closed lips of her pussy, covered by a neatly trimmed blond bush. Lucy squatted ever so slightly as she stepped out of her shorts, parting the lips of her cunt and opening the crack of her ass. Debbie had a quick peek at the tight rosebud of her asshole, and the trail of tight little blond curls that trailed up the crack of her ass. Debbie closed her eyes, letting the image of Lucy's backside sear into her memory.

Lucy hopped into the water, and then turned to face Debbie.

"The water is great!" She exclaimed, "Come on in."

Debbie was conflicted, unsure what to do next. She desperately wanted to strip naked and take the plunge with Lucy. Restrained by her own inhibitions, she remained frozen in place, watching her paddle backwards towards the center of the pool. Her friendship with Lucy was casual, an outgrowth of their husbands time on the golf course. She needed something more, someone she could confide in. Her suspicions of Tom's infidelity were unjustified, given her own past transgression. She desperately wanted to tell Lucy about what she had done.

"Won't somebody see us?" asked Debbie, trying to avoid making a decision.

"Don't worry about it, nobody is around," she replied.

"I'm just having second thoughts about Tom. Are you sure there is nothing more? Can we talk about it?" 

Worried that her explanation was unraveling, Lucy replied, "Sure, but can it keep for a few minutes? You'll feel better once you get in the water."

Debbie felt her own inhibitions melt away, comforted by the reply. She kicked off her shoes and unbuttoned her crisp white blouse. She pealed the top off, exposing a lacy black bra. Next, she unhooked her skirt and let if fall to the deck, revealing a lacy black thong that matched the bra.

"You look gorgeous," Lucy said, looking up at Debbie, "I love your hair, it's so long and straight."

Debbie was a distance runner in college, and still kept her slender, sinewy physique. She was a little taller than Lucy, but tipped the scale a few pounds lighter. Debbie's father was Jamaican and her mother Korean. Her skin was a beautiful bronze tone that gave her the look of a permanent tan. Her long, dark brunette hair fell straight down past her shoulders, framing the soft features of her face. She got her exotic, dark eyes from her mother and thick luscious lips from her father.

"Thank you," Debbie replied, somewhat embarrassed at the thought of stripping for Lucy.

She reached behind and unhooked the clasp on her bra, letting the back fall open and slowly peeling the straps off her shoulders. She paused, cupping her breasts, preventing the bra from falling off. 

"Don't be bashful," Lucy teased.

Debbie released her breasts, dropping the bra behind her. Her breasts were small, firm, flawless mounds, partially obscured by the hair that cascaded down the sides of her face. Her dark mahogany areola and nipples capped her exquisite tits.

Lucy smiled up at Debbie, "You have a beautiful body. Tom's a lucky guy."

Debbie returned the smile, appreciative of Lucy's compliment. The comment about Tom helped ease her concerns about why she was here. She slid her thumbs under the sides of her thong and eased the panties down her legs. Bending slightly, she stepped out of the thong and tossed them with the bra. She stood, exposing her naked body to Lucy. Her slender physique left a wide gap at the apex of her legs. Despite a thick, neatly trimmed bush, it was not enough to hide the smooth, tightly closed lips of her cunt. Debbie could see Lucy staring at her crotch and toyed with the thought of giving Lucy the same view of her backside that Lucy had given her a moment ago.

Debbie turned her back to Lucy and bent down at the waist to retrieve her bra and panties. She knew that her tiny, firm ass would not leave anything to the imagination, revealing the cleanly waxed crack of her ass, her tight little asshole, and the clean lines of her cunt. Before standing, she leaned to the side and glanced back to see the look of pure lust on Lucy's face. She lingered for a moment, letting Lucy savor the view.

Debbie tossed the bra and panties onto the nearby chair and hopped into the pool.

"Feel better?" Lucy asked.

"Much."

"Want to try the spa?"

There was an elevated spa at the end of the pool, with circular stairs leading up from the pool. Flowing out of the spa was a three-foot wide ribbon waterfall that cascaded down into the pool, making barely a ripple when it hit the surface of the pool.

"Sure," Debbie replied, "can we stand under the waterfall?"

"Yes, it is very cool and relaxing," Lucy said, swimming towards the waterfall.

Debbie followed her to the knee-deep water under the waterfall and watched her step under the ribbon of water. Water cascaded over her body, flowing over her breasts, sending little streams dancing off her erect nipples. She wondered if bending over and showing off her ass aroused her. Water sheeted down over her firm tummy, matting the sparse blond hair covering her pussy. Lucy reached out and took her hand, pulling her into the waterfall.

"This is great!" Debbie said, cutting her face in and out of the ribbon of water.

"It's my favorite part of the pool," Lucy said, pulling her in closer so they were both under the falling water. She savored the intimacy of Debbie's naked body snugged up against her own.

"I wanted to apologize for confronting you at the door."

"It's not necessary, I know that you were upset."

"No, it's more than that. I accused you of having an affair with Tom. That was completely uncalled for. I don't know what I was thinking." She felt tears welling up in her eyes, embarrassed by what she had done.

"It will be fine," Lucy replied, turning to give her a big hug. They stood facing each other, arms entwined in an embrace. Now she was the one conflicted. Her nipples already hard from watching her strip, and now she could feel them pressing into Debbie's firm little breasts. While she hadn't lied, she certainly skirted the truth. She felt sorry for her, and what she was going through, yet she still needed to set her up for David's next anal conquest. Uncomfortable about taking advantage of her, torn by her own growing lust, she hesitated, unsure how to bring up David's challenge. Fortunately, after a long hug that quickly turned erotic, Debbie was the first to speak.

"Can I tell you something in confidence?" She asked, pulling back from Lucy.

"Sure."

"Despite my obsession with Tom's infidelity, it was me that cheated on Tom."

"You had an affair?" She asked, never expecting such a confession.

"No, no, not an affair, It was just a one-time thing."

"Does Tom know?"

"Oh no, there is no way I'll ever tell him about this," She stated emphatically.

"Why are you telling me?"

"I've got to tell someone, it has been eating at me ever since it happened, and I'm afraid that I'm taking it out on Tom."

"How so?"

"I don't know, things just aren't going well between us for the past two weeks."

There it was, Lucy thought. The poker party was two weeks ago, and almost certainly the source of her concern. She was proud of the liberating effect that night had had on her, and wondered if it could do the same for Debbie.

"Let's go up to the spa, we can talk up there."

Lucy took her by the hand and walked up the circular stairs to the spa. It was a small round spa with bench seating around the perimeter. She stepped into the tub and took a seat on the far side.

Debbie had noticed Lucy's hard nipples when they hugged under the waterfall. She saw that they were still hard, jutting out from her generous breasts. Her areolas barely visible against her well-tanned upper body. Curious, she thought, there were no tan lines on her breasts, unlike her ass that clearly showed the line of a tiny bikini. "I'm not sure where to start," she said, stepping in and sitting across from her.

"Who was it?"

"His name was Jeremy, he delivered the flowers Tom sent the day it happened."

Lucy was stunned. Such a short statement, yet so much information. Tom sent flowers, so she fucked the delivery guy. Even she couldn't get her head around something that sounded like a script for a porn movie.

Sensing her shock, Debbie said, "It wasn't as bad as that sounded."

"That's a relief, tell me what happened."

"Tom was the lead engineer on the company team producing a new concept car. There were three teams competing, one from inside the company, and two from outside design firms. They were on a very tight schedule, so Tom's team set up operations in a hotel near their design studio. They brought all their equipment into a large conference room and essentially moved into the hotel for the thirty day competition."

"So he was gone for thirty days?"

"Yep. We talked on the phone, and texted, but that was it. The selection was supposed to take place at noon on Friday. Tom was sure that he would be home by five that day, so I planned an intimate homecoming."

"I'm guessing that didn't happen."

"It didn't. About three that afternoon, the doorbell rang. It was a delivery guy, with a beautiful fall bouquet of flowers. I was so excited, I invited the guy in and had him set the flowers on the dining table that I had prepared for our dinner that night. It was just perfect, and so thoughtful of Tom."

"I gather it wasn't going to be all wine and roses?"

"Nope. I got my purse and pulled out a twenty for the delivery guy. He thanked me for the tip, then told me that I had better read the card. I thought that was odd, how would he know what was in the card? Anyway, I grabbed the card, read it, then burst into tears."

"What did it say?"

"Good news! We were one of two selected. Revisions due Monday. Sorry, won't be home."

"Bummer, so what happened."

"The poor delivery guy didn't know what to do. Finally he came over, gave me a hug and told me he was sorry that it wasn't the news I wanted to hear. I composed myself and asked him how he knew what was in the card. It turns out that he is an art student with a talent for calligraphy, so he does all the cards for the florist. I complemented him on the beautiful card and offered him a beer."

"Why did you do that?"

"I don't know, just being hospitable I guess. I was so pissed at Tom that I wasn't thinking

straight. Anyway, he declined because he still had a few deliveries to make. I like his good looks. Cute face, short spiky hair, neatly trimmed goatee, gold chain around his neck. He is wearing baggy clothes, so a little hard to get a read on his body. I tell him that it is a shame to let my dinner go to waste and ask him if he will come by after his deliveries. Now he is interested and agrees to come over. I ask him for his number, and tell him that I may call to cancel if I have a change of heart. He tells me that is fine, no obligations, and just wants to see me happy."

"Sounds like pretty mixed signals, what were your expectations?"

"Confusing, huh. At first, I was just pissed and wanted to spite Tom. But I really didn't want to hurt the delivery guy. I don't know what I was thinking. So he tells me his name is Jeremy, and he'll run out to the van and get one of his cards. He hands me the card and under his name is the title 'Artist Model.' I ask him what that is and he tells me that he covers his tuition by posing in classes at his art school. Now, I am intrigued, he poses nude while the students work on their drawings of him. I am full of questions, but he has to get going to complete his deliveries. Then he says that he will only come by if I call him. On the way out the door he tells me to look at the back of the card, then he is gone."

"What's on the back of the card?"

"A very lifelike sketch of Jeremy posing nude."

"Oh my god! It's on his card!"

"Oh yeah, talk about a shocker."

"So, what did he look like?" 

"It was a tiny drawing, but he was very well built, and very well endowed, if you get my drift."

Lucy tried to form a picture of Jeremy in her mind's eye. Try as she might, all she could focus on was what his cock might look like. She leaned back against the edge of the spa and stretched her legs out, parting them so she could plant her feet on either side of Debbie. Lucy let her hand slip down between her legs, coming to rest on the mound of her pussy.

"I'm guessing you gave him a call?"

"Well, I kept looking at the picture on the back of his card. Such a beautiful body, and that cock! It took a couple of glasses of wine to steel my resolve, but yeah, I called him."

"Did you jump his bones as soon as he walked in the door?"

"Lucy!" she exclaimed in exasperation, "We took our time. We sat down for dinner, and talked for a long time."

"But you did fuck him?" 

"Is this getting you turned on?" 

"Oh yeah, this is every girl's fantasy, I hope you don't mind."

Debbie watched Lucy cup her breast with her free hand, and roll her hard nipple between her thumb and index finger. She couldn't see under the surface of the water, but was sure that she was rubbing her pussy with the other hand. "No, I guess not. Do you want me to jump ahead to the good parts?" 

Lucy nodded enthusiastically.

"I asked him to show me one of the poses he did for the art class. He ducked into the bathroom, then came out naked, his cock covered with a small hand towel. His physique was stunning, his body firm and well muscled. I swear I thought that the model for Michelangelo's David was standing in front of me. His body was nearly hairless, giving it a statuesque quality.

"He dropped the towel, exposing his long, soft cock, hanging straight down. It must have been at least eight inches. He stretched his arms out and slightly up, spreading his feet out to the width of his shoulders. He called it the Da Vinci, one of his most requested poses."

"Ummm, I like your description of Jeremy. Was his cock bigger than Tom's?"

"Yeah," she replied, thinking the question was a little curious. Lucy shouldn't know anything about Tom's cock.

"Rub my legs," Lucy suggested, squeezing her feet up against Debbie's body.

Debbie was enthralled watching Lucy masturbate in front of her. She ran her hands along the outside of Lucy's calves, up the length of her legs. She stopped at the top of her legs, bringing her hands over to massage the inside of her thighs. 
