 Authors note:

This is a continuation of the previous story I had written. It’s not very long but I thought it necessary to conclude the story. Of course, there is always room for a sequel if reader response is good. Thank you.

The men all got up from their chairs and came over to me. At first, they were hesitant; I think they were unsure of how to start or how far they could go. Brian broke the ice and told me to get on my knees. I got down and faced him, having an idea of what he had in mind but not completely sure.

He pulled down his pants and said to his friends, “Come on, get around her” and then to me he said, “You think you can handle all this?”

I looked up at him, my eyes wide with the thought of what I was about to do, “Yes,” I told him, “I can handle you all.”

The men got around me in a small circle and they all dropped their pants. Five cocks surrounding me, beckoning me, I couldn’t believe it. I took Brian in my mouth and started to suck him, feeling him grow between my lips. I then reached up, took a cock in each hand, and stroked them while I sucked my husband.

The two men I wasn’t touching yet were stroking themselves, watching me give head and handjobs. I didn’t want them to feel left out so I switched and stroked them for a while, Brian’s hard dick still in my mouth.

I took my husband’s cock out and began to suck Josh, taking as much of him down my throat as I could. My hands were everywhere, trying to take care of all the men as best I could. I stopped sucking Josh and went to Devon, his black cock practically begging me to suck it. 

The other men seemed to love the sight of me with a big black cock in my mouth because they all started stroking and responding to my hands more than before. I bobbed up and down on Devon, making him moan and grab the back of my head. I didn’t want anyone to cum yet so I switched again, taking Rick this time, forcing my mouth down on him to take him all the way to his balls. 

The other men were impressed. “Damn, girl, take that cock,” Sam said, admiring my ability to deep throat Rick. I had never really been able to deep throat that well before but I wanted to make the most of this situation and forced myself to do more than I normally could.

I stopped and went to Sam, loving the thought of this being the fifth cock I had had in my mouth in the last couple of minutes. I was thinking to myself that I was being a serious whore by taking on all these men but instead of stopping me, all that did was turn me on more. My pussy was as wet as it’s ever been and I couldn’t wait to get it filled by all these men.

I stopped sucking Sam and looked up at the men, their eyes on me, waiting for me to speak, knowing I was going to tell them what I wanted. Instead of speaking, though, I dropped down into the doggy position. I figured the guys would know what I wanted and I wasn’t disappointed. 

Devon got behind me and rammed his cock into me so hard I grunted and winced, his dick going deep inside me. Sam came around, got in front of me, and put his cock in my face. I took it in my mouth and sucked him, letting Devon’s thrusts push me back and forth on Sam’s cock.

Rick and Josh got on either side of me and had me stroke them while Brian simply watched, stroking his cock slowly, a huge smile on his face. I knew he was enjoying this. Maybe not as much as I was but he was liking it nonetheless.

Rick told Devon to move and let someone else get a piece. Devon went over to my side and Rick got behind me, thrusting inside me without any warning. He apparently didn’t like to go slow because he began to pound my pussy fast and furious, making me moan with Sam’s cock still in my mouth.

Josh, not wanting to be left out, said, “Fuck this shit, let’s get serious,” and he told Rick and Sam to move away for a minute. He lay on his back on the floor and told me to get on top of him. I knew exactly what he hand in mind and couldn’t wait!

I positioned myself over Josh’s cock and lowered myself down onto his member. I then leaned forward so that my ass was sticking out, inviting whoever wanted to take it. It turned out that Sam wanted some and he got behind me and grabbed the lube that I had gotten out earlier. I felt his fingers in my asshole, greasing me up, and getting me stretched. 

I felt the head of Sam’s cock push against the entrance to my backdoor and he carefully started to slide it in. I relaxed my muscles to allow him into me easier and felt his dick easily work it’s way deep into my ass. I had done double penetration before and have always loved it and this was no exception. Being filled with cock is such an intense feeling; it makes me cum almost right away.

The two men began to move in and out, back and forth, timing their strokes as best they could so that each of them got the most pleasure. I couldn’t hold back anymore and was wracked with an incredible orgasm. “Oh yes!” I screamed, “Fuck my holes! Fill me up! Ohhhhhhhh!”

Rick apparently didn’t think I was getting enough because as soon as I was done cumming he got in front of me and put his cock in my mouth. His balls were hanging just above Josh’s face but neither of them seemed to mind, they were both more concerned with fucking me.

I was in a sexual frenzy, having my ass, pussy, and mouth filled with cock. I had never gone this far before and it was driving me crazy, my body shaking with every orgasm. I had tried to hold back but it was too much and I came over and over again.

The three men pulled out of me and I thought they had cum but all they were doing was giving the other guys a chance. Brian got underneath me and entered my pussy while Devon got behind to take my ass for a second time that night. Josh got in front of me and I eagerly sucked his cock into my mouth as I felt Devon inch his hardness into my ass and Brian pumping from below.

Brian told Devon, “I want some of that ass now, I haven’t had any in a while,” and they switched while I continued to suck Josh. Devon moved below me and I took his black dick into me, relishing the feel of his big member going deep into my completely soaked pussy.

My ass was beginning to get sore and when I felt Brian pushing his cock into me I knew I was going to have trouble taking it. The most times I’d ever had anal sex in one night before this was twice and it was becoming a little much. I was going to tell him to stop but decided to take it as best I could. I didn’t want all this pleasure to end and wasn’t about to let a little pain get in the way.

Brian slowly pushed himself into my asshole and didn’t stop until he was buried all the way in me. It hurt like hell at first but I relaxed and let my body adjust to it, slowly starting to move my hips back to meet him and also down on top of Devon. Josh was fucking my mouth as if it was my pussy, grabbing the back of my head and pumping his cock into me. It was amazing and wasn’t long before I was cumming again.

The men who weren’t fucking me were standing there, watching and stroking themselves. I could tell they were enjoying the show almost as much as they enjoyed the real thing.

Brian suddenly stopped and pulled out of me. “Let’s turn her over,” he said.

Devon lifted me off of him and Josh pulled out of my mouth. They turned me over on my back and Brian motioned for all the men to get around me. “Do you want our cum, baby?” he asked me.

“Oh, yes!” I cried, “I want it so bad! Cum on me, cover me please!” I couldn’t help myself, the thought of all those men cumming on me was so hot and I wanted it so bad. I’ve always enjoyed it when a man cums on me but to have five of them do it sounded so hot. 

The men stood around me in a semi-circle and stroked themselves. I played with my pussy while I watched them, enjoying my own little show. 

Devon was the first to cum and I thought to myself that it was the third time that night he has had an orgasm. I’ve just got to get him to myself for a night, I thought. As soon as I saw him start, I opened my mouth to take his load but he was careful to only let me have a small taste, aiming it over my forehead and cheeks. I caught as much of the warm salty fluid as I could, licking it up as it hit my lips and loving the feel of it falling on my face. 

Brian and Josh came almost simultaneously and I felt both of their loads hit me at once, covering my nose, chin, lips and cheeks. They tried to avoid my eyes but some got on them anyway. I didn’t care, I just wanted the hot semen on me. It felt so good to have them shoot on me like that.

Rick and Sam were the last two kneeling over me and Rick came first, his load shooting across my face and down onto my chest. I had a sudden, spontaneous orgasm, the feeling of all that hot cum hitting me was too much and I shook with pleasure as Sam’s load hit me, squirting around my mouth. 

I lay there, covered in cum and sweat, looking up at the men. They looked down at me and were all smiling. I decided to give them one last show and began to lick their cum off my face, my tongue going around my lips and gathering it up. I used my fingers to wipe up around my forehead and cheeks and greedily sucked on them, savoring the sweet and salty taste. 

I finally got up and excused myself, going in the bathroom to clean my face and try to gather myself. I had never done anything like that before and my head was filled with thoughts. What I had just done was so bad but I felt so good. 

I cleaned myself off, got some new clothes on, and went back out into the living room. The men had all gotten dressed and were sitting back at the table, dealing out a new hand.

I knew I wouldn’t be able to take any more fucking that night and hoped that they were only playing for money this time. 

“So, what are you guys playing for?” I asked tentatively.

“Just money this time babe, we know you must be tired,” Brian told me.

I sighed, “It probably isn’t as much fun now, is it?”

“Oh, we’re still having fun. Just because we’re not playing to fuck you TONIGHT doesn’t mean we’re not going to play to fuck you. I was thinking that maybe the overall winner gets to have you for a night. What do you think?”

I looked around the table and wondered who the big winner might be. A night of just me and one of these guys. Hmmm, I wonder what kind of hand Devon has…

The End