 Debbie fidgeted, twisting a strand of her long, dark hair with her fingers. She had arrived early and chose a secluded table outside on the deck, overlooking Lake St. Clair. A large market umbrella shaded her from the late morning sun as she watched the steady stream of boats pass in front of her, leaving the marina, heading out for a day on the lake.

A young black woman with a bubbly personality approached her table. "Hello, my name is Crystal, I'll be your server. Will anyone be joining you?"

"Hi Crystal. Yes, I'm expecting two more."

"Can I bring you anything from the bar?"

"Please, a bottle of Chardonnay, with three glasses."

She watched Crystal saunter away, her ass swaying to the gentle rhythm of the piped in music. For some reason, Crystal brought back memories of Lila. They looked nothing alike, but they both had free spirits and both triggered thoughts of desire within her. Crystal's dark hair was tightly braided into cornrows, with dozens of tiny braids hanging well past her shoulders. Her skin was more bronze than black, probably from Jamaica, or one of the other Caribbean islands.

Debbie wondered how she would look with the Caribbean style braids. Her hair was so straight, a trait from her Korean mother. With a Jamaican father, she could easily have looked like Crystal. Instead, she had classic Asian features, albeit with bronze toned skin. They were both about the same size, petite, with small breasts and lithe figures. They could have even had the same father.

She was annoyed with herself for letting Lucy talk her into taking on this ridiculous mission, setting up Linda and Susan so David could fuck their virgin asses. She didn't even know if they were anal virgins. How would she? Goddamn Sally and that stupid poker party. What was Jim thinking, encouraging Sally to suck and fuck her way through the entire poker table, then letting David fuck her virgin ass?

Lucy should have been pissed, but instead it became a game for her, taking it in the ass from David's poker buddies, while convincing their wives to give up their anal cherries to her husband.

Lucy had managed it so adroitly, waiting for an easy opportunity to reel Debbie in. Her plan worked flawlessly, and Debbie willingly gave up her virgin ass to David, not to mention the incredible sex they had with Jeremy and Lila. Hell, even Debbie's husband got into the act, giving Lucy another notch on her belt. 

Debbie was way outside her comfort zone, with no idea how to make this happen.

She stood when Crystal brought Linda and Susan to the table. It had been months since they last got together. In fact, she had been avoiding them since her one-night-stand with Jeremy, not wanting to confide her indiscretion to them. Shit, she thought, can this get any worse?

Debbie embraced Linda, standing on her toes to give her a peck on the cheek. She picked up the scent of coconut when Linda's hair brushed against her face. "Your hair is shorter, I like it," Debbie said.

"Thanks," Linda said, "It's my summer cut." She tossed her head to the side, flaring out her jet black curls, then letting them drop back to just above her shoulders. She wore a pair of loose fitting shorts and halter top, exposing her lightly tanned midriff. She had to be working out, Debbie thought.

Susan kissed Debbie on both cheeks, hugging her tightly. Debbie liked the moist feel of her lips and notice Susan's hard nipples pressing into her. For a brief moment, Lila flitted in and out of Debbie's mind. Stop it, she silently told herself. 

"It's good to see you," Susan said, "It's been too long."

"Yes, it has," Debbie said, taking both her hands. They were both about the same height, but Susan's body was all curves, easily outweighing Debbie by twenty pounds. She wore a lightweight summer dress, cut so low that the dark tan lines of her large, creamy white breasts were visible, straining against the dress, Her hard nipples stabbed at the thin fabric. Her dark hair was just a shade lighter than Linda's and cut even shorter.

Crystal served the wine while they lamented about not getting together more often and caught up on the mundane gossip of their daily lives. Lunch arrived, along with another bottle. When the plates were cleared, Debbie decided to take the plunge, "Did you hear what happened at the guy's last poker party?"

"Yes," Linda said, disgusted, "Jim brought in a stripper to surprise the guys. What a prick."

"A stripper?" Debbie asked innocently, trying to hide her incredulity.

"What would Sally think if she found out?" Susan opined.

"Look at us, such prudes!" Linda said, "What about that hunk we're ogling in art class?"

"You're taking art classes?" Debbie asked, changing the subject, giving herself time to consider how to deal with the stripper story.

"Yes, just for audit, it's not like we are back in school. It's a lot of fun, last term was portraits, now it's the human body," Linda said.

"So who's the hunk?"

"They don't give out any names, or anything else for that matter. They're just supposed to pose and ignore us while we draw," Susan said.

"A little hard to concentrate?" Debbie chided them.

"Oh yeah, this one guy is built like a greek god; and talk about hung," Linda said, holding her hands like she was talking about the size of a fish she had caught.

"Bigger," Susan said, giggling like a little school girl, glancing over to Linda.

Linda smiled, nodding her agreement. "I get turned on every time I think of that big cock."

Debbie took Jeremy's card out of her purse, and showed them the back of it. "Is this him?"

"Oh my God!" Susan all but shouted.

"Shhh," Debbie said, "people will hear us."

"It's him!" Linda said quietly, the thought of his big cock making her squirm in her chair."

"It's a long story. Who told you about the... er... stripper?" Debbie asked, preempting any further questions about Jeremy.

"Ed did, why?" Susan asked.

"You know that's complete bullshit."

"Damn," Linda said, "I knew that story was lame. Do you know what went on?"

"Yes, but not from Tom, I had to get the story from Lucy."

"So they lied to us?"

"Well... lie is kind of harsh, they just left out a few details."

"Like what?" Susan asked, scooting forward in her chair so that the front edge was pressing up against her damp crotch.

"It wasn't just any stripper, it was Sally."

"No way! Why would she do that?" Linda asked, noticing what Debbie was up to and moving forward in her own chair.

"The way I heard it, her plans fell through and she came back and served the guys drinks. They were having a little fun with her, and started stuffing tips into her pockets. Jim was a big looser at the table, so he suggested she put on a cocktail dress and get the guys to cough up bigger tips."

"Those pricks, how far did she strip?" Susan asked.

"It didn't stop with stripping. She ended up doing all six of them."

"Doing?" Susan asked, feeling the dampness spread in her crotch as she squirmed on the edge of the chair.

"Sucking, then fucking..."

Linda and Susan looked at each other, suddenly comprehending what had gone on at the poker party. After a long silence, Linda asked, "Who knows about this?"

"Lucy, Jane and myself. And now you two."

'I don't understand, how did you find out?"

"I was suspicious of Tom, and thought he was having an affair with Lucy. I confronted her and she told me about it."

"The affair?" Susan asked.

"No, there was no affair, Lucy told me about the poker party."

"Why did you think Tom was having an affair?"

"Just the way he was acting, plus something Jane and Tom let slip at a dinner party. I was just confused, and feeling guilty about my own—."

"Deb-bie!" Linda interrupted, "What did you do?"

"Shhh," Debbie said, leaning in and speaking softly, "sorry, that just came out. I didn't mean to bring that up."

"Well you did sister, better spill your guts. Is that why you have Jeremy's card? Did you get a taste of that big cock?"

"It's a long story. Remember when Tom was gone for a month on the new car design?"

"Yes."

"Well, the day he was supposed to come home, I planned a nice romantic evening. He never showed, instead I got a flower delivery with a note apologizing for the last minute change in plans."  "What's that got to do with... Jeremy," Susan said, finding his name on the card.

"He delivered the flowers."

"What happened?" Linda asked.

"He saw how upset I was and comforted me. We talked for a while, and then I did something really rash."

"What?"

"I asked him to come back and have dinner with me when he was done with his deliveries."

"And?"

"He did. I was weak, and he was so tender and understanding." She leaned in close, drawing both into her confidence, and whispered, "We fucked all night long."

"Debbie!" Susan gasped.

"Hush!" Linda whispered, "you're too loud."

"So, Tom wasn't doing Lucy?" Susan asked.

"Well, not exactly. Lucy went a little wild after David told her about the poker party. Rather than get mad, she decided to get even, and had David set her up with his golf foursome."

"Good grief, Linda," Susan said, "are we the only ones not screwing around?"

Linda laughed, "Apparently so. Who did Lucy take on?"

"Jim, Arthur and Tom."

"Anything else you are leaving out?"

"Yes, David and Lucy have this little thing going. After doing five guys, Sally was a mess by the time she got to David. He hesitated, so Jim had her offer up her virgin ass. Now that's all those two are thinking about. Lucy is taking all the guys in the ass, and David is returning the favor for all the wives."

"Does that include you and Tom?"

"Afraid so, Tom did Lucy and David did me."

"In the ass?"

"Yep."

"Let me guess, you're supposed to be setting us up for David," Linda said, glancing over to Susan to see if she was as turned on as she was.

"Yes, but I'm not very good at it. Lucy was so smooth, making me think the whole thing was my idea."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Oh yeah, Tom too. It's very exhilarating, especially doing a double."

"Double?"

"Two cocks at once," Debbie said.

"Jeez, never in a million years did I suspect something like this from you," Susan said.

"So, what's next?" Linda asked, "Susan and I are ready to get off in our chairs."

"I don't know, I don't have a plan," Debbie confessed, "I told you I wasn't comfortable doing this."

"Susan?" Linda asked, looking for a reaction.

"You know, I feel like we got the short end of the stick here. I like the way Lucy turned the tables on the guys, taking care of herself. She really did the entire foursome?" Susan asked, wondering to herself what it would be like to do four guys.

"Well, at first she just made David watch, but then she eventually did him too," Debbie said.

"When?"

"A few weeks ago, after their Saturday golf round. She had David reserve the guest suite at the club."

"And Tom was there?" Linda asked.

"Yes."

"Maybe we should do the same thing," Linda said, "aren't they all playing golf today?"

"Yes, they're all playing in a charity tournament, but they don't tee off until noon. They won't be done until at least five. Plus, there is some kind of award banquet afterwards."

"Shit!" Linda said, "I'm ready to go now. Do you think we can get them to cut their round short?"

"Let's see, pussy or golf?" Debbie said sarcastically, "It's no contest."

"So you think they'll come?"

"Hell no!" Debbie said, laughing. "It's golf!"

"Right, what was I thinking? After a pause, Linda asked, "Maybe they'll blow off the banquet?"

"It's all seven guys, including our husbands," Debbie said, "do you really want to take them all on?"

"I'm game, there are three of us, so it should be doable. And, we can make Joe and Ed watch," Linda said, "I'm turned on just thinking about it, but I don't want to wait four hours. Assuming they'll come, what do we do until then?"

"How turned on?" Debbie asked, "Are you wet?"

"Deb-bie!" Susan said, raising her voice.

"Oh hush Susan, I'm just curious. It doesn't hurt to ask."

"Probably, I don't know."

"Check," Debbie said, hopefully.

Susan shot her another look of incredulity.

"Go ahead, you can be discreet, no one will see you. Just slip your hand down and check."

Linda gave Debbie a wry smile, apprehensive about performing such an intimate act in public. She fidgeted, running her fingers through her jet-black shoulder length hair, giving it a toss with a shake of her head. She was delaying, building up her courage. She was dressed in a halter top and loose fitting shorts. Easy, she thought, to slip a hand in through the leg opening. She was facing the water, with her back to the other diners. But, there was no tablecloth to hid what she was about to do. What to do? 

Linda was beyond aroused, first by the possibility of doing the golfers, and now by the thought of Debbie hitting on her. She glanced down, seeing her hard nipples poking out against the halter fabric. It was now or never. She slid forward on her chair and parted her legs, slipping a hand inside the leg of her shorts. She worked her index finger under the elastic of her panties, across her coarse thatch of black hair and down into the wet folds of her cunt. Very wet, she thought, sliding her finger in.

Debbie smiled, enjoying the look of pleasure that crossed Linda's face.

"Enough you two, you're going to get caught," Susan said.

"Ok," Linda said, setting her hand back on the table, showing off her glistening finger.

"Let me see your ring," Debbie said, loud enough to be heard at the next table. She took Linda's hand, rubbing her juices between her thumb and index finger while pretending to admire the ring. "Ummm, I like the way it glistens," she said, winking. 

Debbie yawned, bringing her hand up to cover her mouth. With her index finger just under her nose, she caught a whiff of Linda's musky odor and lusted for more. She picked up a chocolate mint off the check tray and popped it into her mouth, then licked her fingers as though they were sticky from the mint. The taste of Linda's pussy was divine. To hell with the guys, she wanted Linda for herself.

Now Linda was conflicted. A moment ago, she was seriously considering doing as many as seven guys, but after watching Debbie suck her juices off her fingers, her mind wandered. She leaned in and whispered, "Have you done a girl before?"

"Yes," came Debbie's husky reply.

"Who," Susan whispered, getting drawn into their plot. 

"First Lucy, then Lila."

"David's Lucy? Who's Lila?" Linda asked, a little too loudly.

"Not so loud. Jeremy's friend," Debbie whispered, "She also models at the art school. Maybe you've seen her."

"What's she look like?" Linda asked.

"Red hair, lots of tattoos."

"Yeah, she's modeled for us. You did her?"

"Yes. Did you know she's gay? You should have seen her bag of toys."

"Like what?"

"Dildos, strap-ons, plugs. Pretty much everything a couple of girls could want, except real cocks, of course.

"You used them?"

"Yes, she even let me borrow some, and I bought some of my own. I keep them with me, in my bag."

"That is a big purse," Susan said, taking the bag hanging on the back of Debbie's chair.

Susan unzipped the center section and started to pull out one of the toys.

"Not here," Debbie said, "you can't let anybody see those."

Susan discretely held the bag open, so she and Linda could peer inside.

They recognized the vibrators, but had never seen the strange looking dildos. "What are they?"

"Strapless dildos," Debbie said, her voice barely audible.

"And those things that look like tails?"

"Those were my own idea, Tom gets a kick out of them. See the plug at the end?"

"Right, I get the idea," Linda said, "are there enough for all of us."

"Yes, could you imagine what the guys would think if they saw those when they walked in?" Susan asked, knowing the answer. "What about that egg thing?"

Debbie, pulled an insertable vibrator out of the bag and discretely held it out for Linda. "Try it."

"Not here," Susan said, "You can't do—"

"Shhh," Linda interrupted, "just give it to me."

Linda had it inside her before Susan could mount a protest.

Debbie handed Susan the remote control, showing her how to turn it on and control the speed.

Linda let out an audible gasp when the vibrating egg came to life at Susan's touch.

"Too much?" Susan asked, concerned.

"No, no, it just caught me by surprise. A little more. Yes... right there."

Debbie showed her the button to switch from vibration to pulsation, and ran it through several quick cycles, watching Linda's reaction.

"Stop ... back ... no, forward one more ... yes, right there."

Susan pressed stop when Crystal came to collect the check, but not before she saw the remote in her hand.

"You know, I'm sure there is a law against using something like that in public?" Crystal said with a wry smile, taking the remote from Susan, "Who's the lucky girl."

"You know what that is?" Debbie asked.

"Oh yeah, I have the same model. No volunteers?"

Crystal turned it on and cranked up the intensity. 

"Mmmm," Linda moaned, a little too loudly.

"We have a winner!" Crystal said, turning off the remote, "I'm off in about twenty minutes. Do you girls want to continue this at my place? It's close by."

Their eyes opened wide, stunned by Crystal's bold proposal.

"Oh yeah," Linda said, "Just turn it back on."

"Patience, is everybody in?"

"I ... I guess," Susan said, not so sure of herself. "But it better happen quick before the wine wears off and I change my mind."

"I'm definitely in, Debbie, are you in?" Linda asked.

"I'll go along, since I'm the one that got this started. Where's your place."

"It's right here, in the marina complex."

"There's something else you should know. We were plotting to do my husband's golf buddies when they get off the golf course."

"Wow, looks like I hit the jackpot," Crystal said, "I'll take a piece of that."

"You're sure about this?" Debbie asked, feeling a slight twinge of guilt.

"Absolutely," Linda said, "we deserve to have some fun, and our husbands deserve to know that we did."

"Cheers," Debbie said, clinking glasses with Linda and Susan. "Come get us when your shift ends."

"Ok," Crystal said, "but let me keep the remote for now."

Crystal busied herself, closing out her tables. Each time she passed by, she gave Linda a small jolt with the remote, sending the table into another fit of giggles as it brought Linda ever closer to orgasm.

"Ready to go?" Crystal asked, smiling at Linda.

"No, not yet, finish me!" Linda said.

Crystal took a seat and tapped the remote, sending another wave of pleasure through Linda's body.

"Oh yes," she whispered, "Don't stop this time."

"You got it," Crystal said, cranking it up two notches.

"Ahhh," Linda moaned.

"Not so loud," Susan said.

"She's just getting started," Crystal said, "This is going to be a "Harry Met Sally" moment."

"We'll never get away with it," Debbie said, "maybe we should wait."

"No!" Linda said, raising her voice.

Susan's face lit up with an idea, "Follow my lead, and crank it up to the max on the count of three. One. Two. Three. Happy Birthday to ..."

"Ohhh," Linda shrieked, drowned out by the chorus of voices at the table.

Soon the diners around them joined in, masking Linda's increasingly loud orgasmic sounds.

Linda gripped the table's edge, crying out in ecstasy as a powerful orgasm hit her. She was oblivious to the singing, shrieking as wave after wave of pleasure pounded her rigid body.

With the birthday chorus winding down, Crystal turned off the remote, releasing Linda from the grip of her orgasm, bringing a quick end to her howling.

Exhausted, Linda slumped into the chair, with a satisfied grin on her face. Happy Birthday indeed!
