 Chapter 10 - Amber's Evolving Relationship with Diana and Paul

She was met by a young paralegal who guided her back to a conference room.

They sat down and the paralegal introduced herself as they shook hands.

"I'm Stephanie Matthews. Mr. Grogan had another appointment, but was sure you would want to get your settlement as soon as possible," the young paralegal explained.

She handed Amber a thick stapled document of legal sized paper.

Amber started reading through it but was quickly bewildered by the legalese.

"I'll go over it with you," the young woman said, and proceeded to go over it paragraph by paragraph, reading it out loud.

Amber struggled to stay awake and pay attention, as Stephanie read the legalese line by line, but after only five minutes, she fought to keep her eyes from rolling into the back of her head. 

She stood up a couple of times and sat down again, trying to pay attention to all the details.

Stephanie was a very bland person and spoke in a monotone, which is why Grogan had chosen her for this task, but of course Amber had no way of knowing this.

Finally, Stephanie got to the end of the document. By this time, Amber had long since lost track of it and really had no idea what was in the contract, but when she heard $150,000--she perked up and came alert.

"Did you say $150,000?" she squeaked. 

"Yes, that's the total settlement," Stephanie replied. "You realize that Duncan, Born & Grogan gets 40% for our fee, and then there will be taxes also."

Amber nodded, and Stephanie had her initial that clause. It was still a lot more money than Amber had dreamed of. This would allow her some time to figure out what she would do with her life. She could move out and get her own place instead of relying on the charity of her best friend.

"Okay, where do I sign?" she asked.

"You understand that this is a binding and enforceable contract?"

"Yes yes," Amber gushed as she grabbed the pen and looked for where to sign.

Stephanie handed her a pen and pointed out places she had to initial and where she had to sign.

So Amber left the office feeling good. What she didn't realize is that her carelessness and Johnson's cunning had just decided her fate. Grogan was an uncle of Johnson's, and Amber had just signed a contract where she agreed to perform in six adult features per year for the next three years, for a total of 18 feature films in which she would perform in a sexual manner similar to other Sunshine Communication actresses, including participating in a specified number of photographic layouts, "loops" and promotional events.

Amber's settlement included payment for these, plus all past films in which she starred. The total amount seemed like a lot to Amber, but it was far less than what Amber should have been able to get considering she was already a significant rising star in the porn industry. 

The fact that Amber had just contracted to star in more pornographic films escaped her notice. "Not the sharpest knife in the kitchen" you might say? Well maybe, but Amber's innate carelessness, naiveté, financial desperation, her excitement over the money, and the vast pages of legalese read out loud in monotone by the dullest woman in the office which lulled her into impatience, all contributed, and Amber is not the first person to be tricked, manipulated and coerced by the likes of Johnson McKenzie and slimy lawyers like Grogan.

Stephanie had promised that she would have a cashier's check sent by messenger the following day, and Amber was up by 6 a.m. and stayed close to the door for hours until the messenger came by around noon with a large cardboard envelope.

Amber ripped it open and held the cashier's check with trembling hands. It was a lot less than $150,000 due to the lawyer's fees and taxes, but still in the tens of thousands. Within the hour, she deposited in her account and she was no longer poor. She quickly got her cell phone paid in full and her service restored. She spent the rest of the day shopping, buying new clothes for herself and lavish Christmas gifts for Paul and Diana which she wrapped and piled on the coffee table. Having lived with them for several months, she knew exactly what they needed. She also took out a cashier's check to cover several months of rent and paid their power and utility bills over the phone.

As she walked down "The Ave" coming home from shopping, she passed the small porn shop where she had been accosted by the young man wanting her autograph on her DVD--when she first found out what Johnson had done to her. She felt seized by a sudden impulse. She was wearing sunglasses in the hopes she wouldn't be recognized, as well as a beanie to keep her ears warm. She went inside, hoping no one would recognize her.

Inside the porn shop, she quickly realized she was the only woman. Two men looked at her from behind the counter, and she had to check her shopping bags with them. She wandered quickly through the aisles before she found what she was looking for. 

She saw the title on the DVD cover: "Amber Butterfly Comes Out". She glanced at her picture on the cover, on her knees about to give head, looking over her shoulder. Her vivid tattoo on display from her shoulder down to her bare ass. Then she saw another title next to it--another picture of her on the cover, her bare tits displayed, the pendant of the amber covered butterfly hanging between them. She found two others and then hurried up to the counter to make her purchase.

She was anxious to leave, but the cashier was in no hurry. He rang up the videos one by one, taking his time while Amber fidgeted nervously.

Finally he handed her a brown paper bag.

"I'm surprised the producer didn't give you complimentary copies. When are you going to make another?" he asked.

"I--I don't know yet," she stammered, somewhat nonplussed.

"I'm the manager here. If you would be willing to come down for a promotion, I'd be willing to pay you, depending on what you're willing to do. Your movies are doing good--but promotion can make a huge difference. Have your agent call us--okay?" he asked.

"I'll do that," she said, clutching the bag and heading out the door.

"Wait--don't forget your shopping bags!" he called out to her--just in time.

That night she watched the videos in Paul and Diana's room. Her hands shook as she removed the plastic wrap and the tape holding the DVD case shut. She pushed the button "open/close" button and the DVD receptacle slid slowly out. She carefully put the disc in and closed it, and turned the TV on. When the image flickered on the screen she let her breathe out--she didn't even realize she had been holding it. Then she laid down on the bed and watched.

She was shocked, though not surprised to find that the series was a pseudo-documentary. What she hadn't realized is how much of her life was caught on video--even non-sex scenes. The start of the movie showed her as a prude, unwilling to have sex. She was repressed, even frigid. The movie had been cleverly edited to exaggerate this, although she had to admit there was some truth to it. The movie portrayed Johnson as opening her up to a healthy level of sexuality. 

The big change in the first movie came when she got the tattoo. Johnson had made it appear as if she had begged to get the tattoo, and that he had paid for it--the exact opposite of the truth. There was a time-lapse segment of the tattoo being created over the days. 

After she received the tattoo, the movie portrayed her as becoming a total slut. The clothes she chose--this was portrayed as her idea, not Johnson's. On screen, she was portrayed as increasingly obsessed with sex, begging Johnson for his cock, unable to get enough. He acted overwhelmed, like he could barely keep up. His own infidelities were omitted. 

She was shown sucking him off and begging for his cum, never getting enough. Her recorded words had been edited to this effect, and this was also shown by dialogue between Johnson and other actors.

The time she had been working out and doing the splits naked--that was in the second video. The threesome with Kyle was portrayed as her idea, with Johnson only reluctantly going along with it, and begging her not to. 

In the third video she got more and more slutty, arranging for and begging for the threesome with Kathleen who was unaccredited and whose face had been mostly edited out. It also showed her blowing Johnson's friends--again, their faces could not be clearly seen. Again, she was portrayed as an out-of-control slut, and poor Johnson was the cuckold--watching helplessly as Amber went after his friends. The movies had additional footage of Johnson narrating much of this. 

The fourth video showed scenes of her at the party, and the gangbang with Cinnabar. Amber was portrayed as an insistent and enthusiastic participant rather than drugged and seduced. Johnson, again, was shown as the cuckold, weeping and bewildered, and trying to come to terms with her transformation into a complete slut, but unwilling to leave Amber because of his love for her. Anything that would show otherwise was edited out, and the remainder edited together, including her own words.

She was angry at the twisted portrayal, but after she got over the anger, she became increasingly turned on watching the sex scenes. Much of it she remembered, and also had seen on the Internet, but it was a fresh perspective watching the whole story strong together. Eventually, she couldn't help herself and masturbated as she watched them, first using her hands, and then her dildo, cumming over and over. 

After she had masturbated, and as she watched the rest of the movie, she became more thoughtful. Although the movie had twisted the truth, she had to admit there was a fundamental truth portrayed--she had indeed changed a lot. She HAD become a slut. She realized that now. She loved sex and needed lots of it. Furthermore, she was discovering that she enjoyed watching and being watched also. Maybe she should accept herself for who she was. 

For the next two days, she watched the Amber Butterfly series over and over until Paul came home.

She picked up Paul at the airport in the evening. Excitedly, she told him about her settlement and ordered out Chinese food.

As they ate, Amber was bubbling with happiness and couldn't keep her mouth shut, but Paul felt a small bit of doubt gnawing at him. As a law student, he wished he had been in town when Amber had been offered the settlement.

"You should have a copy of the settlement agreement? I'd like to take a look at it."

"Oh it's around somewhere," she chirped.

"Can you get it and let me take a look at it?"

Amber struggled to talk with a mouthful of rice.

"Mmmmfff, Paul, it's okay. It was a lawyer who was representing me. Let's just celebrate," she pleaded.

Amber, like Paul, suddenly felt a as if dark butterflies were fluttering around in the back of her head. She felt that something might be dreadfully wrong--but what could be wrong? Her money problems were over--at least for the time being. At least she had gotten paid for her accidental career choice. Now she wanted to put it behind her once and for all.

Paul smiled as she handed him a glass of wine.

"To the future, whatever it may hold," she said, raising her glass in toast.

Paul tapped her goblet with his own and they drank together.

He got a fire going, and over the next couple of hours, the two talked and finished the bottle of wine together. 

For Amber, it felt very warm in the apartment. She looked at Paul, he looked tired but so handsome. She suddenly felt self-conscious. She was wearing a low-cut blouse and a skirt with a slit on the side, and stockings held up by garter belts, and pumps on her feet--typical clothes for her. At one time, she would not have been caught dead in such blatantly sexual clothes, but in the years since she had met Johnson, all her clothes had been gradually replaced with ones he had chosen, to the point where all of it showed off her figure, or a lot of skin, or was sexy, or all of the above. She had gotten used to dressing like this, taken it for granted even.

Now she looked down at her lap, conscious of the fact that the slit of her skirt had ridden up and was exposing the top of her stocking the strap of her garter. She was afraid to pull her skirt down, because it might call attention to it.

She looked over at Paul, but he was watching the television. The love seat was old and tended to sink in the middle, causing two people sitting in it to come together, and she became hyper-aware of the feel of his thigh against hers. She felt the heat rising between her legs, and couldn't help but squirm in her seat. Her thong underwear was getting wet, making her uncomfortable. It was pulled up tight against her clit, making her horny. 

Paul noticed her stare and looked over at her. She looked at him with those big brown eyes. Her golden hair was pulled up in a pony tail, although wisps of it were loose and framed her beautiful face. Her chest was heaving up and down, and her face was slightly flushed. Her nipples were erect, and pushed out against her lace bra and blouse. Her mouth was open, and she unconsciously ran her tongue along her lips. 

He bent forward, hesitating slightly, but her lips quickly found his and they were kissing. They continued making out for a while, Paul's hands found her swollen breasts and massaged them as they kissed, swirling their tongues together.

Amber stopped and pulled away.

"Paul--I'm sorry," she panted. "I can't believe I almost did this. You belong to Diana!" she sobbed, a tear rolling down her cheek.

She stood up to get away from him, before she was tempted any more than she already was.

"Amber!" he said sharply.

She looked at him.

"It's okay. Diana and I discussed this. I already know about you and her, we've agreed that it's okay for both of us, only with you."

He reached up and pulled her arm, and she fell forward into his arms, straddling his lap. 

Paul felt his stiff cock and swollen balls pressed down hard as she sat on his lap and ground her loins in his lap, kissing him the entire time. She stopped and rolled her head back, and he kissed and sucked on her neck, eliciting moans of pleasure from her. Her full breasts appeared as if they were ready to burst out of her low-cut blouse, and Paul bent his head down to kiss them, running his lips back and forth.

Amber moaned, and then stood up again.

Paul looked up at her, a question on his face. He started to stand up, but she pushed him back down.

Amber slowly unbuttoned her blouse, as Paul watched, eyes wide. She started slowly swaying, doing a striptease for him. Soon the buttons were all undone, and her blouse hung open. She continued swaying, and moved her hands up to squeeze and massage her breasts, the whole time watching him.

The blouse came off completely, and she threw it in his lap. She spun around, and reached down, undoing the buttons on the side of her skirt, and as she completed the spin, her skirt was gone. Now she was dressed only in her black lace bra, g-string, garters and stockings, as well as the pumps on her feet.

She continued swaying, as if there was music to dance to, and moving closer to him, turned around, her curvy ass swaying before his face. She leaned forward, causing her g-string to slip further up her crack, and accentuating the heart-shaped curve of her haunches. In the meantime, while he was watching her swaying ass, she reached behind her to undo her bra.

She stood up and spun back around to face him, and bent over low. Her bra fell away, and she felt her heavy breasts swing free and settle in front of his face, nipples erect. She continued moving around, swaying back and forth, rubbing her hands up and down her body.

Then she came up close to him again, her full breasts once more swinging right in front of his face, hard nipples an inch away from his lips. 

Paul gasped and grabbed her tits in his hands, bring one nipple up to his lips, and Amber fell forward again, straddling his lap again, grinding up and down, her heavy tits smacked the sides of Paul's head as she gyrated in his lap.

He reached around grabbing her ass cheeks as she rocked in his lap, her tits bouncing and slapping against his face as he gamely tried to latch his lips onto one of her nipples. 

She laughed and stood up again, making him moan in frustration, and turned around, exposing her backside to him. She resumed her swaying dance, undulating close to him. 

Paul could see the highly detailed tattoo work on her back. All the fairies seemed to be smiling seductively at him--all of them appeared to be aroused. Although part of the tattoo was covered up with the garter belt, most of the tattoo was visible. The largest fairy on her ass in particular fascinated him--kneeling naked on its hands and knees, it's bare ass high in the air, a seductive smile on its lips.

Suddenly Amber stopped swaying, and she reached to the sides of her hips and slowly started pulling the straps to the g-string down over her hips, which she had worn on top of the garter belts. The strings came down slowly, and came out of the crack of her ass slowly. Soon, her wet cunt made it's first appearance. Paul was close enough to see her engorged clit and her swollen labia. She was so hot, her lips appeared to glisten.

Then the g-string dropped to the floor, and she stepped out of it carefully with her feet still in sandals. Then she picked it up and threw it into his face. He clutched it and held it up to his nose, breathing in the musky odor of her arousal. She smiled at him, and slowly walked into the master bedroom.

Paul shook himself out of his daze, and came after her. As he entered the room, Amber closed the door behind him and pressed up against him, kissing him. Then she started unbuttoning his shirt, kissing his chest as she did so. She pulled it off and over his shoulders, then dropped to her knees.

Amber was overwhelmed by lust. The striptease she had performed had turned her on even more than it had aroused Paul. She felt a strong sense of urgency, as she undid his trousers and pulled them down, whipping his underwear down.

His cock bounced a little as she pulled his underwear down, and she moaned with pleasure as she saw his cock, so stiff it arched slightly upwards, veins bulging along the sides of his shaft. She also noticed that his balls were huge. She gasped and gently massaged them through his scrotum, fascinated by their size and weight. With her other hand, she stroked his stiff prick.

Amber stuck her tongue out and licked the gleaming oily precum oozing out of the tip of the head of his cock. She liked the taste of it, but couldn't stop herself from taking his cock deep in her mouth. She did so with a moan of lust, and started bobbing her head up and down on his hard cock. 

Amber was a skilled enough fellatrix to tell when Paul was close to ejaculating, and she wanted him inside herself. She stood and kissed him again, wrapping her arms around his shoulders as he did so. 

Paul's arms were wrapped around her waist, caressing her as they kissed, and he moved them down to her round firm ass cheeks. With her gymnast's flexibility, she swung her legs up and wrapped them around Paul's waist. She felt Paul's cock-head poke up against her pussy opening for a moment, and with a slight jerk she aligned herself better and slid down on to him.

With her 120 lbs held by her arms around his shoulders and legs around his waist, and his grip on her ass, her weight also pushed down on his cock, mashing her clit against his rock-hard erection. Her extreme lubrication helped him to slide his cock in and out readily.

Paul gasped with pleasure, gripping her ass hard, he fucked her hard on his feet. He was almost overcome by the overwhelming physical sensation of her hot wet pussy gripping his cock, but managed to keep on his feet. He spun around, carrying Amber with him as she whimpered and pushed her up against the wall, pounding her hard, her back banging against the wall repeatedly as he pounded in and out of her. Her breasts pressed up against his chest.
