 A trim blond with an amazing chest strutted by the glass front of my office. I watched her full breasts as they bounced with each step she took.

"Molly," I called out, trying to calm the naughty thoughts that surfaced each time I saw that lovely body.

The buxom blond stuck her head into my office. My eyes immediately drifted again to her ample chest. Molly has one of those chests that men dream about. Her full D-cups pushed at the fabric of her shirt, which was unbuttoned far enough to reveal a healthy amount of cleavage.

"Hey, Lisa," She smiled. Molly took one of the chairs in front of my desk and dropped into it. She leaned forward making her cleavage all the more visible. It was a wonder any of the men in the office got any work done with a distraction like this walking around. "What can I do for you?"

"It's nothing really," I responded. "It's just, I was planning a little get together this weekend and wondered if you would like to come over."

"Oh, that sounds like fun," Molly replied. "I don't have plans yet, I'd love to come."

"Great. Here's my address." I jotted it down on a piece of paper. "We'll probably get started around seven on Saturday. See you then."

"Yes, see you then," Molly called as she slipped from the chair and left the office. I watched her ass as she walked through the door. That was a woman that was easy on the eyes, I thought. Although she was rough on other things; I could feel that my heart rate was elevated and my pussy was definitely starting to moisten.

I slipped my hand under the hem of my skirt and hiked it up until I could reach my steaming slit. My thoughts swirled through my head of all the things I would do to Molly given the chance. I imagined what it would be like to suck on her monster tits.

My hand strummed my pussy through my thin panties as my mind raced. I imagined it was Molly's tongue pushing at my folds, lapping the sweet juices from my pussy. I wondered if Molly had ever been with a woman before. Did she like to lick pussy or did she only like the taste of cock? Either way Kevin or I, and I hoped both, was going to have some fun this weekend. 

My breath became ragged as I pushed myself closer to an orgasm. I couldn't believe I was masturbating so blatantly in my office. The entire front wall was glass and there were three people sitting in cubes outside. But their backs were to me and some how the danger fueled my arousal.

I pealed back the saturated material of my panties, giving myself direct access to my pussy. My hips bucked as my fingers touched the slick lips. I drove two fingers deep inside my cunt while my thumb circled my clit. After only a short minute of this I was washed with relief. It made me wonder if an orgasm with the real Molly would be more powerful then the one I just had from the idea of her licking my cunt. I sure hoped it would.

I straightened my clothes and tried to refocus my attention on my computer and the report I was writing. 

I just hoped that if anyone came it the office it didn't smell to much like pussy.

