 She heard the footsteps behind her. She poked her ass a bit more into the room as she leaned on the windowsill, and the footsteps came closer.

"What you up to?" She had suggested a booty call to her ex-boyfriend. He had suggested a booty weekend.

"Just enjoying the view," she said.

"Heh. Me too." She felt hands on her hips and pushed her body back into his. "Oh ho. I see the view you're admiring." Fingers curled into the waistband of her panties. They yanked down. She felt the warmth of his body behind her. She felt the head of his cock at her pussy.

The guys next door were splashing around in the pool, yelling and roughhousing. His cock slid into her. She purred. They hadn't made the relationship work on an emotional level, but he was a good lay.

The cock pushed deep into her and paused. "Have they seen you?" 

She smiled. "A couple of them did and then told the others. They've been pretending to not look at me."

He laughed. "If I were them, I'd skip the pretending part." The cock slid back and pushed in. She was petite everywhere except at her 38dd breasts. Which were pushing against the loosely buttoned flannel nightgown that the boys next door could see as she leaned at the window. That plus her curly blonde hair made her a frequent center of attention. Some of it even welcome. The thrusting grew steadier.

A couple boys casually looked up at that moment. From their angle, they wouldn't be able to see Frank. But they'd be able to see her body shaking from the pushing. She lifted one hand in a little wave and smiled. They smiled back.

Keeping her elbows on the sill, she moved her hands to the first button on her shirt that was still closed. The other guys had noticed. She gave them a big smile and undid the button. She pulled the nightgown open, exposing the deep valley between her tits. They weren't pretending to look anymore. All six guys had stopped to watch her.

As her body rocked with Frank's fucking, she pointed at the next button down and raised an eyebrow. The boys were hypnotized. But one nodded. So she undid the next button. Pulled open the shirt some more. Her nipples were out now.

"Tease," said Frank as his cock stroked in and out of her.

She shrugged. "Teenagers always need good things to jack off to."

His hands reached around and grabbed her hands, pulling them to the sill. Poor pool boys; they looked bummed. She gave a "What can I do?" look to them.

Frank leaned forward, and cupped her tits from behind. His mouth was near her ear.

"You're so right," he said. And then he slid his hands down and unbuttoned the next button. She closed her eyes and imagined the rapt gazes of her audience. And then she felt Frank's hands on the next button. The last button. He paused.

"Do it," she murmured. The button came undone, and fingers grabbed the edges of her shirt, pulling them open so that the boys would see her fully exposed tits. She moaned. They wouldn't be able to see her pussy from their angle, but they were free to imagine it.

She opened her eyes. Mouths were open. Eyes locked onto her body. Hands were below the water. She blew them a kiss. One pretended to catch it.

The thrusting grew stronger, and her naked tits rocked with the force.

All too soon, she felt Frank tense. Hot, thick cum raced into her pussy. She moaned. But it would take more than that for her to cum. She almost never did, though Frank got her closer than most guys. She'd have to attend to herself. There was that time a few weeks back, she thought. She shook her head. She had been pretty drunk at the club that night, and she hadn't been thinking straight.

She stood up, gave a little wave to her audience, closed the curtains, and turned around.

"Would you like one?" Frank asked.

"One what?"

"One of those boys."

"They're just kids."

"Michael who lives there is eighteen. I'm good friends with his parents."

"You want me to fuck someone else in your house?"

He grinned. "And watch."

"Fuck you."

He shrugged. "Your choice. You just seemed to be having fun." He lifted his hands to her shirt and pulled it off her arms. "God, I love these tits," he said, bending down to suck them. She tilted her head back and enjoyed the feeling.

After a moment, she said, "Which one is Michael?" He looked up and grinned.

* * *

They had worked out the plan quickly. He'd drive the car off the block and then walk back and camp out in the bedroom. They had set up the webcam in the guest room, where she had unloaded all her stuff. Not that she had slept there at all, but his own room was cramped.

She closed the front door behind her and made sure it was locked. The flannel nightgown was back, buttoned up a bit more conservatively. Underneath, she wore soft, high-cut gray pajama shorts. Nothing after that. It was a warm summer day, but she felt a chill go down her spine. Fucking the boy next door? Sure, why not?

She marched over to his house and yelled from the side gate. "Hello? Michael?" She yelled one more time as she sensed a pause between splashes.

She took a sharp breath as the tall, slim, dripping, curly-haired brunette sloshed to the gate. Oh yes, she thought. Her pussy was already wet from the fucking and the plan, but she felt it warm up anew.

He looked at her with a big smile. No shit. To call her scantily dressed was an understatement. And he had, along with his friends, seen the goods underneath. Not as much as he was about to see, though.

"Hey," he said, running his eyes over her.

"Hi, I'm Julia. I'm, uh, visiting Frank next door."

"Yeah, I noticed," he said with a smirk.

She looked down, pretending to be embarrassed. "Yeah, I guess so." She looked up again. "Well, I just did something dumb. I stepped out of the house and didn't realize the door was locked. Frank's off running errands, but he said you have a spare key?"

"We do," he said. "Let me go find it."

"Oh, thank you!" She gave a little hop and clap. Her big tits jiggled under the soft flannel. "Thank you so much. I really appreciate it."

He smiled a goofy smile and padded back around the corner. She stood there rubbing her arms, still cold and feeling very self-conscious.

The splashing stopped and she heard murmuring. Suddenly she heard many wet footsteps coming her way. And then the other five guys were standing there.

"Uh, hi, guys. Michael's just getting a spare key. I, uh, locked myself out."

Michael had checked her out. She had expected that. But the other guys? It was a bit intense to be the focus of five very lustful gazes up close. Much different than from far away. From a safe distance.

"Are you Frank's girlfriend?" said a blond kid.

"Uh, ex." She gave a nervous laugh.

"Didn't look like an ex to me earlier," said the blond kid. They all laughed. She felt very shy. But a part of her brain was also taking in the sight of five nearly-naked strapping young men standing two feet from her. And remembering the club.

"Uh, it's complicated."

Michael padded up behind the other guys, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Get him over to Frank's house, fuck him to hell and back, let him go back and tell his friends. He held up the key. "Got it."

"Oh, thank god. I feel a bit silly standing out here like this." She motioned down her body. Why had she done that? She was feeling off-balance with the up-close, focused lust. Michael opened the gate and came out to meet her. She turned to walk away and she heard a mass shuffle of feet.

"Uh, you guys don't need to come," she said to the group that had pooled out behind her.

"Oh no problem," said another brunette.

"Yeah, it's cool," said Michael. No it wasn't! "The guys all wanted to say hi."

"Yeah," said brunette 2, "we all wanted to meet you. And thank you."

"Thank me?" She didn't need to ask. Why had she asked? She needed to catch her breath.

"For the little show earlier."

"Well, okay, hi, I'm Julia." What to say about the show? She couldn't deny it. She had waved to them and prompted them to approve her unbuttoning her top. She gave a little wave. The same coy wave she had given while being fucked as her tits rocked for them to see. "I just need Michael to unlock the door, and I'll send him back."

"Oh, it's no problem going with you," said blondie. How was she going to get Michael alone? Her mind slid back to the club. No. Two was enough. She had been drunk.

But she had cum hard. She couldn't deny that. A thought flickered up: What do six guys even do? There wasn't enough of her. No.

She needed time to think. Fine. Let them come. She turned and walk back to Frank's house. The boys followed behind her.

If she had thought she was in skimpy clothes before, that was nothing compared to what those same clothes felt like with six lustful men behind her. The flannel nightgown barely came down over her ass, which meant that the tiny runner shorts peeked out as she walked.

Every step felt like it made her hotter. Every step she imagined the six guys intently staring at the flickering glimpses of her ass.

She made the mistake of looking back. Yes, that's exactly what they were doing. She tugged the nightgown down a bit, but that just tightened it against her skin. She felt herself flush. Well, they had all just seen her topless. Right? The thought didn't help.

She got to Frank's door and cleared her throat as she turned to face them. She pushed herself against the wall.

Michael pushed his key into the lock and turned the bolt. The door swung open.

She calmed as she went back on script. "Oh, thank goodness! Let me just make sure I know where my set of the keys are." She walked into the door. But they didn't just wait. They all followed her.

She turned back.

"Uh, just wait here," she said. "I'll go check."

She padded down the hall and heard them all follow her. She turned back.

"Oh, it's no problem," said Michael. "We don't mind making sure you find your keys. Right, guys?" They all nodded. What was she going to do? She wasn't getting that moment to think. She turned again and strode down the hall, the eager young men right behind her.

In the guest bedroom, she cursed her advance planning. She had placed the purse such that the only way to get to it was to get on all fours on the bed. Fuck Frank and his messy rooms. She took a deep breath and climbed on, her nightgown falling forward to expose more of her shorts.

A low whistle came from the group. She heard someone say, "Dammmn." When it was just going to be Michael, this was the plan. Six guys blocking the one door of a small, close room? It was too much. An image of herself fucking the two guys a few weeks back came back. Yes, okay, it had been fun. Great, even. But it had been an accident.

This is shaping up to be an accident, too, she thought briefly.

She got the keys from her purse. No need to rummage around and show off her body longer, as she had originally planned. She turned back.

"Okay, guys. I appreciate the thought, but you've had your fun." She stood up, gratefully feeling the nightgown slip back down. She turned to Michael. The words she had practiced slipped out before she could stop them.

"I can't thank you enough for helping me."

"Oh, I think you can," said a redheaded boy. The gang snickered. She shot him a look.

"Okay, guys. Thanks for the help. Now I'm all set." They all looked at her, smiling. She gulped.

"You can go now." No one moved.

"I have an idea for thanking me," said Michael. Blondie coughed. "Us."

"'Us?' What the hell did all of you do?" She waved her arms at them.

"Provided moral support," said brunette 2. They laughed.

"So you're willing to thank me?" said Michael. She paused. She hadn't booted them out at Michael's suggestion. She had quibbled about the number. Well, of course, fucking Michael had been the plan.

She glanced around and saw the webcam. Fucking Frank, she thought. He was probably exploding as he watched this unfold. He'd love watching her take on six guys. Whoa. What was she even thinking of?

And then she had a thought. A wicked thought. Two wicked thoughts. What if she covered the camera and then fucked them? He'd hear the sound, but the whole scene would be invisible. Would fucking serve him right.

And just like that, the naughty thoughts that had been brewing took over.

"Okay, I had planned on it, yes," she said. "But your friends didn't do shit other than check me out."

"Didn't you just say you couldn't thank me enough?" he said.

"That's just a figure of speech."

"I'll bet you can," he said. He stepped forward, and his five friends shuffled closer. They could reach out and touch her. To their credit, they didn't. Yet.

"Look, it was just a key."

"Yeah, but without me, you'd be standing outside the door like this," he motioned at her body, "with a whole neighborhood watching you."

"There's only six of us," said Blondie.

"'Only six'? Like, hey, no big thang. It's just a fucking group," she shot back.

"Ooh, I like the sound of that," said redhead. She raised an eyebrow at him. "Fucking the group," he said.

"Oh, yeah," said a couple of the guys.

"Let's see those tits again," said a black-haired boy who hadn't spoken yet. She shook her head.

"Michael, can I talk to you a second?" He looked at her. She sighed. She motioned him toward her.

She had him bend down and stood on tiptoe to whisper in her ear.

"Don't look," she said, "but the webcam on the desk is on. He started to turn his head, but she grabbed it. "Don't look, I said. Frank is watching this, but if you help me make sure the webcam is covered, you'll get your thanks. What you're all suggesting." He pulled back and looked at her, surprised. She nodded.

She pulled him down again and whispered some more. "Your friends are all going to wonder what I'm saying. Tell them I want to hear they're all eighteen."

Michael turned around. She admired the rear view of the dripping wetness of his lightly clothed body. Just a tug on the bathing suit and boom, hard dick. With five more waiting. Now that she was committed, her pussy was pooling up in anticipation.

"Guys, I think Julia here is game." Hoots. He held up his hands. "But you each need to tell her that you're over eighteen." Blondie and redhead immediately said yes. Brunette 2 paused. "Uh, yeah, I'm over eighteen. Sure." Not very convincing, but plausible deniability. The others chimed in as well. Michael turned back around.

She cleared her throat and looked pointedly at redhead as she said, "I don't think I can thank you and your friends enough."

He smiled and nodded. "I think you can, honey. Let's see those tits for real."

She gave a deep breath. "This is a bit intense. Maybe move back a little?" Blondie grinned and took a step forward.

"I think closer," he said. And as if they had all planned this, all the boys moved in close. She could feel the warmth of Michael's breath.

"That's making me nervous."

"We think you can thank us," said Michael. "Start by taking off the shirt."

"Okay, and then you're thanked, right?"

"Just show us the tits," said blondie.

She smiled and swayed as she unbuttoned the top, one button at a time. The boys stared as her tits came into view. She undid the last button and shrugged the top off. She handed it to Michael.

"Could you put that over there, please?" She waved over at the desk. The boys lifted their hands.

"Uh uh," she said. "Michael did the most work. You all just perved over me." She smiled as he pretended to casually throw the nightgown over the webcam. Fuck you, Frank, she thought. "So he gets first feel."

He was on her in flash. His hands roamed one her naked chest, squeezing her big tits. She moaned. Louder than she might have otherwise for her networked audience. But it did feel good.

"Come on, guys," she said. "There's plenty of tit for everyone." They didn't waste a moment. Hands ran over her. Several hands squeezed each tit. Mouths moved down to suck on them.

Michael leaned back. "I don't feel very thanked yet." And he pointedly looked down at the tiny gray shorts she wore. She smiled and hooked her thumbs in them.

"Anyone want to help?"

Hands grabbed her shorts and yanked them down. Hands and mouths were attacking her. She pulled herself to the bed and crawled on. She got down on all fours and turned to face them.

"You all are wearing way too much," she said.

She practically came as the six young men peeled off their bathing suits. What did six guys do with a girl at once? Who the fuck cared.

"Michael. Between my legs." He jumped onto the bed and thrust himself into her. A dick appeared in front of her face, and she leaned forward to take it in her mouth. 

"Oh, fuck yes," said blondie, who had crawled onto the bed. "Yo, Julia. Ride Michael's dick so you can dish out some hand jobs." She felt Michael slide out of her as he laid back. She whimpered at the absence and rocked herself back so she could slide over him again. Oh, yes, that went so much deeper. The cock in her mouth popped out but then lunged towards her face again. In her peripheral vision, she saw cocks on either side. She reached out her hands.

Michael came in her. Then someone else did. Only then did she herself cum. But dicks kept coming. She came again and again. What do the extra dicks do? She found out soon enough as someone jacked off onto her face. And when another person shot a load onto her tits. "God those tits are fucking amazing," she heard him say.

She was on her knees on the bed, titfucking blondie, when she felt the hands on her ass cheeks. She almost protested as they spread open. But more out of proper behavior than any real desire to stop them. But she was long past proper behavior, and she let out a low, animal moan as she felt the cock at her asshole. It pushed, she moaned, and it popped in.

"Holy fuck," said a voice behind her. "I've never taken a chick in the ass before."

She came some more. She swallowed, but not fast enough. Cum drizzled out of her mouth.. She couldn't get a break but she didn't want one. A cock between her tits. Lots of cocks between her tits. Once one guy had fucked her in the ass, they all wanted to.  

She was breathing hard, drenched in sweat and cum when she finally begged to stop. "I can't take anymore," she panted. Most of the guys were spent at that point anyway. She lay back on the bed, her naked body sprawled across it.

"Fuck that," said blondie. His cock was still rock hard. "I want one more spin."

She waved at him. "Fine. Whatever. Cum on my tits or something." The guys were either lying next to her on the bed or sitting on the floor. She looked at the clock. An hour. Was that all? It seemed like the whole day must be gone by now.

He straddled her. "Come on, baby. Stroke my cock until I cum on your face." He leaned in close. "Or we'll just keeping fucking you."

She gave a weak smile. "Is that a threat?" But she reached up her hand and stroked his lovely hard cock until he shook. She pulled his cock so it pointed straight at her face and looked at the ceiling as his hot cum streaked across her cheeks and forehead.

The boys filed out. She didn't have any strength to see them to the door. She lay there, exhausted from the orgasms. She had never cum like that before. 

Then she remembered Frank. She grinned at the thought of him hearing all of this but seeing nothing.

As if on cue, he appeared at the door. He was naked, and his dick was harder than she had ever seen it.

"Jesus, that was fucking hot." If even the audio track was that amazing, she wondered what it had looked like.

"I'm glad you thought so, baby," she said sleepily.

"Yeah," he said, "I was worried at first because Michael covered the webcam accidentally, but then I remembered I could log in and switch the computer to use the internal webcam. She felt the blood drain from her face.
