 Her long legs scissored languidly as she swam the length of the pool. 

From my lane, beside and slightly behind her, I watched avidly. Starting at those small, perfectly formed feet, her glowing calves, thighs and pert arse cheeks drew my attention to the thin strap of material covering her pussy.

As she swam, her butt flexed in a rhythmic and hypnotic pattern. Her inner thighs as they moved up and down gave tantalizing glimpses of the flesh of her crotch, either side of the narrow seam of her swimsuit.

I'd done eighteen laps when she appeared. With my head in the water and concentrating on my breathing, I hadn't seen her enter the pool. As I turned my face to breathe I caught a sudden glimpse of her passing the other way, long perfect legs kicking her slender figure through the water in the lane beside mine.

After a few more laps I rested at the shallow end and washed my goggles to de-fog them. She stroked up to the end, turned and flashed me a smile of greeting before lunging back down the lane. As she did I noticed her swimsuit was cut high on the thighs, exposing a cheeky expanse of firm butt on either side.

Slipping my goggles back on I kicked off from the wall, matching her speed so I had a perfect view of that lovely arse and gorgeous legs. As her arms stroked through the water I saw that her breasts were firm yet not as small as her slim build would suggest. As she was wearing a swimming cap and goggles I couldn't see much of her face, but her well formed cheekbones and the smile she'd given me told me she was a looker.

For the next twenty laps I stayed just behind her, enjoying the view. When she did a tumble turn at the deep end, the view of her perfect bottom thrusting out and cradling the hump of her pussy was enough to send a rush of blood to my cock.

The pool was starting to fill up and I no longer had the lane to myself. A bloke I knew as Geoff joined my lane. We agreed to split the lane and stay on separate sides rather than follow a racetrack pattern, and I made sure I had the side closest to the lovely girl I'd been drooling over.

Everything went well for a while until there was a sudden impact on my shoulder. Geoff had drifted out of his side of the lane (probably distracted by the sight of those gorgeous legs kicking frog-style in breaststroke) and crashed into me.

Neither of us stopped swimming, but after another few laps I'd had enough of sharing a lane and regretfully climbed out of the pool. As I glanced around I noticed that apart from Geoff and myself, the other swimmers were all women.

In the change room, I stripped out of my wet togs and stepped under the shower. As I closed my eyes I saw that magnificent arse again. Dreamily remembering the sexy flex of her butt, my penis thickened and lengthened under the hot spray.

Suddenly the changeroom door crashed open and a voice said "Hey man, I'm really sorry about hitting you in th... huh??"

My eyes flew open to see Geoff standing a few feet away. His mouth had dropped open and his eyes were fixed on my crotch. Looking down, I saw that I was fully erect, the bell end engorged and purple.

Geoff grinned. "Busted!!" he smirked.

"I... er... I wasn't doing anything!" I protested lamely.

"Mate, I don't blame you for cracking a woody," he laughed. "Tamara is the goods, isn't she?"

"Tamara?" I repeated stupidly.

"Tamara," he affirmed. "The hottie in lane one. Don't tell me you hadn't noticed, I saw that you were perving so much that you almost forgot to breathe!"

I must have looked a bit sheepish.

"I knew it!" he crowed. "Don't sweat it, man. She's a great girl. And..." he nodded in the direction of my shrinking cock, "...Friendly".

"You know her?"

"Know her?" he grinned. "You could say that." He seemed to think for a moment. "I owe you for crashing your lane. Wait here a mo." With a wink, he turned and left change room.

I sank down onto the bench, clapped my hand over my eyes and groaned. Busted with a stiffy in the pool change room. With my luck, Geoff was probably telling the story to the lovely Tamara right now, laughing about the pathetic sod he'd caught beating off in the shower.

"Well, what have we here?" came a soft throaty voice.

For the second time my eyes sprang open. Standing in the doorway, with Geoff grinning over her shoulder, stood the gorgeous woman who'd inspired the diminishing erection.

I fumbled for my towel and hurriedly draped it across my lap. Only then did I properly look.

My mouth dropped.

Her body was stunning.

Her long, smooth legs looked even better out of the water. My gaze travelled slowly up. Her swimsuit snugged her pussy mound tightly. Cut high at the sides, it displayed her hips in all their glory.

It hugged her firm stomach then separated from her skin as it stretched over her breasts. As she was leaning on the doorframe, one hand on her hips and shoulders back, the view of her chest was unobstructed.

Her breasts thrust proudly out, the material of her swimsuit tenting slightly at her nipples. Being low cut, the swimsuit displayed a breathtaking valley of cleavage that caught my gaze and trapped it.

A soft chuckle dragged my unwilling gaze upwards, past the dimple of her collarbone and long neck to the smiling face above.

She was beautiful. With her swim cap and goggles dangling from her fingers, I saw a pair of warm, humorous brown eyes with arched brows, full red lips, pert straight nose, and single beauty spot that somehow completed her. Long blonde hair, darkened slightly by the water, was pulled back from her face and cascaded down her back.

Those lovely eyes looked into mine, then dropped to my crotch. With a start I realized that my erection had sprung back into life, evidenced by the obvious tent in my towel.

"Like what you see, then?" she murmured, looking at my eyes.

I hadn't been this embarrassed since my mother found my porno stash. I'd been busted with an erection (twice, now), she probably knew I'd been perving on her in the pool, and I was wearing nothing but a towel.

So what the hell. What did I have to lose?

I slowly dragged the towel off my lap and watched her eyes drop to follow it.

"I can't tell," I told her in an even tone. "You'll have to show me."

As the towel slipped over my penis I felt cool air around it. Still watching her eyes, I saw them widen momentarily. A slight expression of shock crossed her face and for a moment I felt unsure, apprehensive that I'd gone too far. Then her smile reappeared and my confidence surged back.

I leaned back against the tiled wall and opened my knees. Now I was completely exposed to her. She could see my hairy ball sack between my thighs, as my stiff cock bobbed higher into the air.

Something about being naked and erect in front of this girl, still in her swimsuit, in a public change room, was immensely exciting. My cock engorged more than it ever had before.

She turned briefly to Geoff and murmured something in a low voice. Both of them stepped fully into the change room, then Geoff turned and locked the door.

"I don't even know your name," she said, raising her eyes briefly to mine.

"Marty," I said. My cock bobbed in greeting to her.

She walked over to me and stood between my spread knees. Eyes fixed on mine, she started slipping the shoulder straps of her swimsuit down her arms.

"Well, Marty," she murmured. "Let's see if you like what you see."

She peeled her swimsuit down slowly. As her breasts swelled from the rolled top, she paused briefly, flashed a nervous smile, then pulled down until her stiff pink nipples popped out, one after the other.

My gaze dropped to her chest and the breath caught in my throat. Her breasts hung, large but firm, like two water-filled balloons. They jiggled slightly as her breathing quickened. At their tips her nipples swelled to stiff points, like two pencil erasers. The areole around them was goose-bumped.

My hand trembled as I reached up. I looked at her eyes, silently asking permission to proceed. Her lips parted and she bent slightly at the waist, which dropped her left breast to within inches of my right hand. Still watching her eyes, I reached further until my fingertips touched the smooth, yielding underside of her breast.

Her eyes widened and she gave a little gasp. As ran my hand around the front of her breast, just lightly touching with my fingers, I brushed against the stiff nipple. She visibly jumped and the breath left her mouth in a soft moan.

Leaning forward, my mouth was watering as I faced her right breast. It was the most gorgeous thing I'd ever seen. 

Gently circling her left nipple with my palm, I breathed on her right one. Extending my tongue I lapped gently on the base of her nipple, swirling my tongue from side to side then sucking the nipple into my mouth. 

"Oh yeah," she breathed. "Oh, that's good."

"Mmmmm..." I murmured around a mouthful of breast. I pulled my head back, releasing her nipple from my lips with a soft pop.

I looked up at her face, her cheeks slightly flushed and her eyes glowing.

"Tamara, baby," I whispered, "I definitely like what I see!"

She smiled, the leaned in. Looking into my eyes, her lips parted then brushed mine.

Her breath was sweet as our lips met again and pressed together. The tip of her tongue playfully danced around my mouth. My excitement rising further, I moaned into her mouth as we kissed passionately.

As she pressed further into me, my cock pressed into her toned stomach. As caught up as I was in our kiss, I couldn't help thinking that it felt more like warm skin than wet swimsuit.

We broke our kissing and she pulled back slightly, her neck arching in pleasure. 

I glanced downwards and saw to my confusion that her swimsuit was peeled off completely and puddled around her feet!

She moaned again and shuffled her feet apart, stretching the swimsuit. She was bent forward at the waist, her butt pushed back and circling slowly. I couldn't help thinking that I'd love to see her from behind.

Looking down between her hanging breasts, I could see a narrow strip of dark blonde hair and the merest glimpse of her pubis. Between her legs, I could see a man on his knees, stiff prick bobbing in the air as his upper body moved behind her.

It was Geoff. He'd slipped out of his swimmers and pulled down her swimsuit while she was kissing me. Now his hands were on her hips and his nose was buried between her butt cheeks while he slurped at her wet slit and arsehole.

The sight excited me immensely. I palmed her breasts again, caressing and then gently tweaking her stiff nipples. She responded by moaning and leaning into my hands, bending further forward until her wet hair was draping my thigh and I could feel her breath on my straining cock.

Her hands grabbed my thighs as she leaned down. She opened her eyes and focused on the purple head of my cock, precum glistening on it. Those perfect lips parted. I had to physically restrain my hips from thrusting forward as she extended her long, pink tongue and gently licked around the circumference of my knob.

The sight of those gorgeous lips slipping over my penis was almost as exciting as the feel of them. She knelt down on the floor, resting her arms along my thighs and cupping my balls with her right hand as she slipped her mouth further and further over my throbbing shaft.

Behind her, Geoff straightened up and licked his lips. He grinned at me then looked down at her naked figure. Leaning back, he took his stiff cock in hand and rubbed the tip on each of her butt cheeks before gently guiding it to the pucker of her arsehole. It must have been coated with plenty of precum, as he slowly pushed forward there was only a little resistance before it popped into her anus.

Tamara moaned around my cock and rocked back and forth slightly as Geoff started sliding in and out of her. I twitched my hips forward more, and she took the hint and started bobbing her head busily over my cock, sucking hard as her red lips encircled it.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations from the best blowjob I'd ever had. I could hear soft grunts and the slap of ballsack on pussy as Geoff thrust his thick penis in and out of her bottom.

Tamara lifted her face from my crotch and moaned.

"Oh god! Ohhhhhh..." she breathed.

Those gorgeous eyes opened and gazed into mine.

"Marty," she said as her body jerked back and forth from the cock pistoning her arse, 

"I need you in me. In my pussy. Now... please?"

She and Geoff shuffled back from the bench and I slid down and on to the floor. I slipped my legs between her feet and slid forward until my straining cock pointed up at her pussy. From this angle I was looking straight at her glistening labia. The rear of her cunt flexed open and closed as Geoff's cock moved in and out of her butt.

I reached out and drew my finger slowly along her dripping slit. The heat and slickness made my cock jump with anticipation. Slipping two fingers in, I worked them in and out as she moaned above me, her hair brushing my forehead as she looked down at me.

Geoff's dick left her anus with an audible pop. He stepped back, prick bobbing stiffly, as Tamara knelt down over me.

She reached between our bodies and I watched as she grabbed my penis. She straightened up and lowered her moist cunt on to my aching knob.

She moved my cock back and forth to drag my tip along her slit. Then, positioning it at the entrance to her hole, she dropped further until the tip was just inside. 

The heat from her cunt was incredible. I looked up at her face.

Keeping my bell end just inside her, she bent forward again. Her hair hung down and framed her flushed face as she looked into her eyes. Her lips were slightly parted, smiling, and she was panting softly. This was the face of a girl who was enjoying herself immensely.

"God, that feels good!" I murmured.

"Uh-huh," she said.

She bent right over and pressed her lips to mine again. I could feel her rubbery nipples pressing into my chest. I palmed her breasts again and fondled them as she slowly slid her hot, tight, wet cunt down my throbbing cock until I was all the way inside her.

God, it felt great. I couldn't remember being in a tighter pussy. Every jiggle, every slight movement she made sent shivers of ecstasy up my spine.

She rested those magnificent breasts on my chest and kissed me again, darting her tongue in and out of my mouth as she flexed back and forth on her knees. She ran her hands along my outstretched arms until they clasped mine. As she slid up and down on my cock her hands clenched. I could tell she was close to the edge.

"Geoff," she said, "Put.. put it back in. Oh.... God.... Now!"

Geoff squatted behind her, his feet outside her calves. As her cunt clenched my cock he spread her cheeks and positioned his knob against her pink ring.

Groaning with delight, he pushed slowly in.

Tamara gasped. Her cunt suddenly spasmed around my cock as she threw her head back. She wrapped her arms around me and clenched tightly, her sweet breath panting in my ear.

"Unnnh.... Uh... ahhhhhh..." she moaned. As Geoff slammed his cock up her rubbery ring, her cunt rhythmically squeezed my trembling cock as she orgasmed.

"AHHHHHH!!" she cried. A moment later, Geoff grunted as he spurted loads of cum up her anus.

The excitement was too much. With a cry of satisfaction I came furiously inside the tight warm sleeve of her cunt. Thick ropes of cum gushed from my cock and she jerked as she felt it splash against her womb.

Geoff pulled his shrinking dick from her ring with an audible pop, and staggered back to the benches on the other side of the change room. He sat heavily and leaned against the wall, a glow of satisfaction on his face.

Tamara slumped on top of me until her breathing slowed, her head against my chest. Finally she raised herself up and smiled at me.

"Thanks, Marty," she murmured. "I've always thought this was better exercise than swimming!"

I laughed shakily and said "Couldn't agree more... I've never had this much fun in the pool!"

As she lifted herself off me, my semi-hard dick slid from her overheated pussy. She flinched as the head popped out, then stood and extended an arm down to me.

I grabbed her wrist and stood. She stepped close and slipped her arms around my neck.

At the feel of my knob pressing against the folds of her pussy, she leaned her head back and raised one eyebrow.

"Come on then," she laughed, "Guess we'd better have a shower!"