 "Mmmm, chaser," said Diana. She sipped iced tea to wash down the torrent of cum that had just flooded her throat. 

Alyssa and I laughed. Small speckles and larger streaks of cum splattered her new bikini halter, the result of the monstrous blowjob Diana introduced herself with. 

Diana smiled and leaned forward, letting my cock fall out of her hand while she scooped more cum from Alyssa's right breast. As she ran her fingertip over Alyssa's nipple, it poked at her top.

"Did you want some too?" asked Diana as she licked her finger. 

"I had some yesterday," said Alyssa. "Help yourself. How come you didn't let him cum on you?" 

"What, and stain my new bikini? Do you always cum like that, Warren?" 

"It kind of built up. God that was great," I said as I pulled Diana up from her chair. My knees were still a bit shaky, but I kissed her firmly as I cupped each breast. I pushed them up as our tongues twirled together. She has swallowed the whole load and now seemed ready to suck my lips off my mouth.

Together we reached down for Alyssa. While caressing the side of Diana's right breast, I kissed Alyssa's neck and pushed down her halter top. "Mmmmm, I did make a mess," said as I rubbed cum over her hardened nipple. 

"Yes, and now you have two horny ladies to satisfy," said Diana as she tugged at my shaft. "I hope I didn't drain you." 

"Yeah, what are you going to do about that, Warren?" asked Alyssa, kissing my neck. 

I dropped my hand over Diana's tankini, her full body embraced in the palm of my hand. I love rubbing a pussy through panties or a bikini, and Diana's soft moans echoed into my mouth as we French kissed and my index finger moved up and down her soaked bottoms.

My index finger slipped under her bottoms from the side, followed by the middle finger as I strummed them over her pussy lips. Her muff was thicker than Alyssa's and her pussy lips more swollen. 

Alyssa pulled my mouth to hers, drawing out my tongue as Diana sucked at my nipples. Her tongue danced on my skin. I broke the kiss and pulled my fingers from Diana's sopping hole. "This doesn't work standing up," I said, and guided them both to a recliner.

As Diana laid back on the cushion, I knelt down and looked up at Alyssa.

"Did you really cum in the store?" I asked.

"I couldn't help it," she said."

"Well, that means Diana is the only one who hasn't cum yet. It's her turn," I said and kissed the insides of her thighs.

As I licked her skin, my tongue running from her knee to the hem of her bottoms, then over to the other knee, Alyssa stepped behind the chair.

"Don't forget about these," she said as she pulled up Diana's top.

I could already smell the muskiness of Diana's pussy, and her hand held the back of my head as I kissed along her stomach. I reached up for her breasts, seeing quarter-sized aureolas tipped by pinkish nipples that jutted out a quarter inch. I pinched each nipple between two fingers.

"Is this what you were thinking about last night?" Alyssa asked Diana. "I know you were fingering yourself when I told you about Warren eating me. Do you want him to eat you?"

"Oh yessss," moaned Diana as I tugged at her bottoms with my teeth. I peeled her bottoms off as her hips rose, then looked up to see Alyssa cupping Dian's breasts. She leaned down and they shared a tongue kiss as I lapped at Diana's pussy. 

Her hips rose in the chair at the touch of my mouth. I brushed her pussy with long strokes of my tongue, then sucked at her clit, drawing it between my lips. 

"Ohhhhhhohhhhyesssssmmmmmmmmm," moaned Diana. Both her hands now pushed my head between her legs. Her hips rose and fell, but she clamped my head hard against her, straining against me.

My cheeks were already getting wet, and her quivering increased as Alyssa knelt down and sucked her nipples. Diana pressed herself against my chin, my nose was buried in her ferny pussy hair. Each time I her scent filled my nostrils.

As I lapped at her, I pushed two fingers inside her cunt. I probed in and out, feeling her constrict around them as I teased her clit with the tip of my tongue.

There was still a glass of tea within reach, and I pulled out an ice chip, sticking it in my mouth so the tip protruded from my lips. Diana's reddish pussy hair glistened as I leaned forward and kissed her pussy lips with the ice. Her back arced up, but I held her hips fast to the chair. her I traced the folds of Diana's pussy, moving the ice in and out, and looked up to see Diana and Alyssa kissing again. 

With the last of the ice, I nipped Diana's clit, stiff and pinkish when I parted her labia. I reached around for Alyssa and guided her hand to Diana's silky hole. Needed no more cue from me, Alyssa slipped two fingers inside Diana as my tongue danced over her clit. 

She shrieked and thrashed as her orgasm roared through her, but I held her fast to the chair, watching her head move from side to side. "UhhhhhhhhhhhhhUhhhhhhhUhhhhhhhhh," she groaned. 

As her moans took a higher pitch, Alyssa finger fucked her harder, then pushed open those lips to make room for my tongue. It seemed the whole neighborhood would hear the short gasps and long cries of Diana's mind shattering orgasm, and Alyssa held her tight as we brought her to a last long climax. They kissed again as it subsided, and when I stood up, my rod poked straight out towards Alyssa's face.

She did notice just yet, she leaned forward for one last long kiss with Diana as I jerked my shaft with two fingers.

"Do you want to fuck Warren, or ride his face," Diana asked Alyssa when their kiss ended. 

"Do you want to fuck him or ride his face," asked Diana, breaking her kiss with Alyssa. 

"What do you want to do?" Alyssa, brushed my hand off my cock. She took it into her thin fingers, then licked it.

"I want to make a movie of his cock filling me up. Got a camcorder, Warren?" 

"Uh no, sorry Diana," I said. 

"Oh well. Why don't we switch places anyway?" Diana stood up. As she leaned over for her bikini bottoms, I stepped in behind her and held her hips. My shaft moved between her legs, over her pussy and up towards her stomach.

"You can fuck me this way," said Diana, leaning down to hold the chair, but I know you really want my bottoms on, don't you." With that she stroked my cock with the bikini. I let go and flopped down on the recliner.

My dick waved in the air as I settled in. Alyssa and Diana moved around me. Diana's fingers caressed my cock and balls, long strokes pulling up and back. Alyssa was within reach, so I pulled her closer and kissed her thighs. I untied the string to her panties while Diana worked the spot just below the head of my cock, bringing my hips up from the lounger and drawing gasps of delight even as I my mouth made for Alyssa's wet pussy. 

"Go ahead, girl, ride his face," said Diana as she straddled the lounger. She held my cock steady with one hand, parted her bottoms with the other, and lowered herself over my shaft. The drenched pussy I had lapped was even silkier on the head of my cock, but the view of it sliding inside her was blocked by the wispy hairs above Alyssa's tight hole. I leaned up to meet Alyssa as she eased herself over my face, and felt the whole of my rod inside Diana. Even with a mouthful of Alyssa, I moaned out loud. 

Diana's movements over my cock were as vigorous as her blowjob. She shimmied to the head of my cock, the rammed herself down to the base, taking every inch and making me wish I had more to give her. She was not as tight as Alyssa, but wetter, and clenched her pussy lips on the tip of my cock as she rose. 

I lifted Alyssa's hips enough to run the tip of my tongue up and down her pussy lips, patterning my movements with Diana's. The lounger soon scraped the pavement, and Diana leaned forward to cup Alyssa's breasts. I reached up too, her perky breasts were covered by our hands, and my tongue teased her clit. 

That was when Alyssa stood up. Her pert ass settled over my face as she leaned down towards my cock. I held each taut cheek as Diana took her hand off my hips and cupped Alyssa's breasts. 

"Want some of it?" Diana asked Alyssa and let my cock slip from her hole. "Suck my juices off him," she said, pushing Alyssa's head into my lap. As Alyssa tongued the shaft, Diana shimmed back off the chair and joined her. Two tongues now ran up and down as I stopped licked and probed Alyssa with my fingers.

"That's enough," said Diana after about a minute. She stood up and kissed Alyssa while grasping my cock again. It slid easily inside her and as she bounced harder and ground her pelvic bone into mine, her breathing got husky.

Now as she rose she squeezed the shaft even her harder with her pussy muscles. Alyssa held the shaft with one hand and rubbed her thumb over Diana's clit. My fingers moved out of Alyssa's tight slit and pressed her clit. 

I'm not sure who came first, but when I pressed my thumb into Alyssa's puckered ass, she pitched forward and licked Diana's clit. Her screams were muffled as Diana rammed her head deeper, then stopped as she rose up and tugged at the head of my cock with her clenched drenched pussy.

As she coated my cock with her wetness, her tankini bottoms added extra friction that drove me insane. My mouth was full of Alyssa, and she rocked her hips over my mouth. As I licked her to a frenzy, I exploded. I returned my tongue to Alyssa's clit as the cum surged through me, feeling my cock still and Diana teasing the cum from it. 

After about two spurts, Diana pulled off my cock and aimed it at Alyssa's face. I felt her suck it into her mouth as all three of us were shouting. Diana then ducked down to take one spurt on her chin, jerking me as Alyssa fingered her. 

They turned and faced me on the lounge chair, smiling as they licked my cock clean, then alternately sucking it. Alyssa lifted herself from my mouth, but I leaned up for one last kiss on those sweet pussy lips. Diana then leaned down to kiss me and taste the juices covered my mouth and cheeks. 

"Nice rod, Warren," said Diana as she stood up. She bent over and kissed the head. "It was even better than Alyssa said." "Ohhhhh, you two are amazing." 

"Well, now it will just be the two of you. I have to get going. I hate to fuck and run, though." 

"God, Diana, please tell me you will come back sometime." 

"Sure, baby. I might even go shopping again before I do. I hope you have enough left in this for a good fuck for Alyssa."