 "So what's next?" asked Alyssa after Diana went into the house.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm baby, give me a couple of minutes," I said with a laugh.

"So there's more?"

"As long as you can stay. Maybe we should go inside, though."

"Yippeee," said Alyssa, kissing me as we reclined. "You haven't broken in my bikini yet." She stood up and pulled the bottoms on again, wiggling in front of me before straddling me and rubbing my soft dick.

"Come on, lover man," she said, pulling me up from the chair. "Show me that master bedroom."

I was only too willing to follow. We opened the door as Diana was coming back though the kitchen. She was back in her sundress. "Can't you call in sick?" asked Alyssa.

"Not this time. But I know where he lives now," said Diana as she pulled me close. We kissed, tongues pressing in and out, and I slipped my hand under her dress. Her panties were soft cotton, I pressed against them to feel her still wet pussy. "Fuck her silly," Diana told me as she broke the kiss.

I took Alyssa by her hand and led her back to my bed room. At the door I scooped her into my arms as she gasped and giggled. I carried her in, kicking the door shut and put her down on my bed.

She was on her back, legs open as I pulled her to the edge of the bed. My dick had returned to full attention, and I held it with one hand as I parted her bikini with the other.

She was still so wet that I pushed right inside her, filling her with one thrust. I reached up and pushed up her halter top as her legs went over my shoulders. Almost immediately she was screaming as I pushed in and out, her hard nipples swaying with each thrust.

I pinched them and mounded her breasts before pressing her clit with my thumb. It felt like

I was in all the way to her throat, and wither legs in the air, Alyssa squirmed and writhed under me, "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," was all she could moan.

Between our moans, we heard another. I looked over my shoulder to see Diana at the bedroom door, her dress pulled up high.

I waved her over. She pulled off her dress as she came, then knelt beside Alyssa, sucking her nipples as I started fucking again.

A freight train of orgasms hit Alyssa as my cock filled her and Diana sucked her breasts. She thrashed and screamed and groaned and I could feel another long rolling gallon of cum building.

As I shuddered, Diana told me to pull out. Alyssa nodded, and I stood over them, red hot dick in the air. Diana grabbed it, taking it fully in her hand.

"Cum on her," she said.

"OhhGodyeahhhh," said Alyssa. I straightened up and yelled. I thought I would only cum a little, but a stream sailed over Alyssa and hit her chin. Diana aimed the rest at Alyssa's body until the last streams splattered her soaked bikini.

I turned and collapsed on my back, cock twitching and my breath in gasps. 

"Oh God, now I'm really going to be late," said Diana as she pulled her dress on again. She sat down on the bed and kissed me. I pressed her breasts together. Diana leaned down and licked a spot of cum of Alyssa's stomach.

"I'll savor this until tomorrow," she said. As she licked up my cum, I pushed my fingers inside her once more.

"I'll do the same," I said, sucking her juices into my mouth.

We laid back, Alyssa wrapped around me. Both of us fell asleep quickly. She gave me a blowjob when she woke up, and then visited nearly every day after that. Diana was a little less frequent, but I still got in the habit of working by my pool and loving when the back gate opened and I heard a giggle or two.