 Amber walked hand in hand with Brett to the front door of the architecturally designed house on the outskirts of town. There was nothing distinguishing about the house that separated it from the others in the street. It had the obligatory suburban neat and tidy front lawn, cars parked out on the street. From the outside that is, inside was a different story. 

Brett wasn't her boyfriend. He worked with her at the accountancy firm where she was a P.A. They were both 25 years old and got on ok but he wasn't her type. Brett had asked her to go with him to a 'special' party where you had to go as a couple to be let in. She'd laughed when he'd first suggested it, then later when she realised he wasn't joking she was intrigued.

"Look I can't go on my own. I've been told I have to bring a woman with me to keep the numbers right."

Amber frowned, "Why? Surely it wouldn't matter if there were more men? It isn't a key party is it? You don't get paired up with another person of the opposite sex?"

Brett shrugged, "I don't know. It's something about keeping the atmosphere right. Women make it less threatening. Look all I know is that I was told if I wanted to go I had to bring a woman. Do you want to go or not."

Amber didn't need long to decide. The thought of a swinger's party, an orgy, an opportunity to fuck a like-minded stranger was too good a chance to pass up.

"Of course I'll come. But then you knew I'd say yes didn't you?"

Brett chuckled, "Amber! Your reputation precedes you. You're the very definition of a girl who's 'up for it' if ever there was one."

That was a week ago and here they were waiting on the doorstep, both buzzing with anticipation. Brett looked hot in tight black jeans that showed off his best asset, his ass and an open neck navy shirt. He smelled good and Amber told him so. It was a shame he didn't do it for her. But there you go, the chemistry wasn't there.

Amber spent an hour or more sorting through her wardrobe before she decided to keep it simple. She chose a heavily embroidered Japanese red silk dress with a high collar and short sleeves. It was so tight fitting it looked like she'd been sewn into it. The skirt had been cut to just above the knee, with a split over the front of her thigh that stopped just short of her groin. She wore her dark hair in a high bun with two engraved chopsticks holding it up. Her black patent stilettos showed off her tight calves and long slim legs. She opted to go without panties or a bra, deciding it was unnecessary. Everyone knew what they were in for.

The front door opened and a tall, blonde, stunning woman greeted them. She looked 45 years old but was probably a lot older. She wore a maroon demi-cup corset with a pair of see-through panties. She wore garters, sheer silk stockings and heels as high as Ambers but with chrome tips that shone in the muted half-light. She had a drink in one hand and a riding crop in the other. 

"Hey there Brett! I see you brought a date after all. Gary didn't think you'd be able to find anyone."

She leaned in and kissed Brett on the mouth, a quick kiss but one that Amber could see had meaning for the two of them. 

"Hi Jasmine. This is Amber. We work together. Amber this is Jasmine, she's our hostess and her husband Gary...is here somewhere."

Amber smiled and nodded at Jasmine. 

"Hi there. It's nice to meet you. You have a lovely home."

Jasmine looked Amber up and down. Her eyes narrowing appreciatively before catching Amber's eye, the tip of her tongue snaking out to lick her bottom lip. Amber almost swooned under Jasmine's scrutiny. Never before had she felt so moved by another person's gaze or presence.

"Mm, Amber is it? What an amazing outfit. You look gorgeous. Almost good enough to eat!"

She laughed and ushered them in.

"In you go, get a drink and have fun. I'll come and check on you later."

As the door shut behind them, Brett steered Amber into the lounge room. People in all stages of dress and undress were standing around either chatting and laughing together, some were dancing and some were either watching or participating in varying sex acts. 

To her left there was a woman with two men pleasuring her. One had his cock in her pussy and the other was sucking on her tits. On the couch lay a man getting, what seemed to be a great blow job, by the sounds he was making. Others were kissing, fondling, touching or just outright fucking on the floor or on the various cushions scattered around the room. There had to be at least 20 people here, how many others were there, wondered Amber? Brett tugged her hand.

"You ok? You look kinda stunned."

Amber tore her eyes away from the scenes before her.

"This is amazing. I've never seen anything like this before. And I've seen some shit!"

Brett chuckled, "I knew you'd like it. C'mon lets get some drinks. There's someone I'm looking for."

He dragged Amber outside to the pool where the bar was set up. Out here it was a little different. People were still nude or half dressed but most were just relaxing and talking quietly with each other, there was no sex, no fondling, no real sexual contact at all.

"Brett," Amber whispered, "why's it so quiet?"

"This is where you come when you've had enough or you need some time to recover. It's good to have some space after a while. It can get pretty intense."

Amber took her drink and swallowed half before she realised that Brett had moved away to talk to a tall willowy woman with long red hair. She was naked but for a long silver necklace that hung almost to her belly button. Brett was running a finger up and down the mid-line of her body and before long they were both walking into the house. Brett whispered to her and dashed back to Amber.

"Amber that's the woman I was looking for. Her name's Beth, we've hooked up a couple of times. She's fucking amazing. Are you going to be all right if I go off for a bit? We can catch up later?"

Amber grinned at him, "Of course I'm fine. Go off and fuck your gorgeous Beth. She's a stunner. I'll find you later."

Brett smiled and dashed off. He slipped an arm around Beth and lead her inside. Amber followed. If this night was going to get better for her it wouldn't happen if she didn't put herself into the midst of things. 

Inside the music was subdued and sexy; most people had paired up or moved into groups. Amber could see doors shutting and opening as people came and went. 

"How're you settling in Amber? Found anyone that takes your fancy?" Purred Jasmine.

Amber noticed everything she'd been too stunned to notice before. Her perfect skin, her just-right shade of blonde hair and the long perfectly painted nails, the amazing scent of her perfume, the way her full breasts were just contained inside the tight corset. Jasmine was beautiful.

"Oh hi. Ah, yeah. It's all fine thanks. Just looking around seeing what the etiquette is?"

"Etiquette? Oh baby there's no etiquette. If you like it, fuck it. Move on, find someone else and fuck them too. The night will be over all too soon. There's no stressing about etiquette. Is this your first time swinging?"

Amber blushed, "Um, well yes and no. I've had a threesome before but not a free for all like this."

Jasmine squealed, "Ooh so you're a swinging virgin! How wonderful. And you're in MY house. Well that means I get you first my darling, that's if you want to of course? I wouldn't want to intrude where I wasn't wanted."

Jasmine lightly traced a nail down the length of Amber's arm, leaving a trail of goose bumps behind her. She took Amber's hand in hers and tugged her closer. Amber's hips bumped up against Jasmine's, their faces so close Amber could smell the citrus fragrance of the gin and tonic Jasmine had been drinking. 

"Hmm? What do you think Amber? You want to play with me or would you like me to find you some cock?"

Amber's heart was beating so fast in her chest she was struggling to breathe. Her mouth was dry and she didn't trust herself to speak, so she nodded ever so slightly.

Jasmine's small smile was all Amber needed to know that Jasmine had never doubted she would agree to go with her. 

"Come with me baby. The hostess always gets the best seat in the house. You'll be able to see everyone else and they'll be able to see us. Oh, unless you're shy? Would you prefer to be private?"

Amber hesitated, just for a second. 

"No, I'm not shy," she murmured.

"I didn't think so," grinned Jasmine.

Still holding her hand, Jasmine led her back out to the pool. She greeted some of the other guests, waving and smiling at everyone, while Amber trotted quietly beside her, finally shy and just a little intimidated by this woman's confidence. 

At the end of the pool was a large cabana with double French doors that stood open. Sheer white curtains had been pulled into a swag behind the doors. Though it was dimly lit, with only a few lamps, Amber could make out a massive four-post day bed in the middle of the room. As her eyes adjusted she could see chairs, beanbags and over-sized cushions scattered around the walls of the room.

The day bed frame was covered from post to post in the same sheer white curtains as the French doors and these were held back with gold silk ties. The bed itself was covered in white sheets and had its share of cushions and small pillows in varying colours and fabrics. The whole room screamed opulence and indulgence. This was room for lying around and observing the rest of the pool area and house, or for the rest of the house and pool area, to observe you.

Amber breathed out slowly to calm herself. She was quivering, not from nervousness or fear but from the excitement and thrill that was building inside her. She could already feel the warm moistness inside her waiting to be released.

"So Amber. You like it?" asked Jasmine

Amber looked around her again, "It's really nice."

Jasmine moved toward Amber.

"Gary gave it to me as an anniversary present. It's been the best gift ever."

Jasmine's voice was hushed and sensual. She spoke every word, every syllable as though it were made of silk. This woman could read the phone book aloud and make you cum. Amber's lower belly was clenching and she felt her pussy lips straining, aching to be touched.

Jasmine pulled her into her arms and Amber's vision blurred momentarily until she felt her mouth on hers. She closed her eyes and then it was nothing but sparks, bright lights and warm sweetness as Jasmine's tongue found hers, tasting and taunting her. Amber groaned as Jasmine nipped her bottom lip, kissing down her neck to the buttons on her dress. She reached up and pulled the chopsticks from Amber's hair and it fell about her shoulders. 

"Let's get you out of this shall we?"

Amber kept her eyes closed and stood still as Jasmine undid the buttons with excruciating slowness. As each was freed, Jasmine would kiss or lick the skin that was revealed. 

Amber swayed as the front of her dress fell away exposing her breasts but Jasmine didn't hesitate, she continued her trail down the side of the dress until the very last button was undone. She shrugged the dress from her shoulders, letting it slide to the floor.

"You're beautiful Amber, " said Jasmine huskily.

Amber opened her eyes and saw first, Jasmine's dark hungry eyes feasting on her. Then noticed darker shadows in the background, on the chairs and cushions around the bed. They had some spectators already.

"Don't worry about them baby. They love a good show. They'll not bother us unless we want them to." 

Jasmine cupped Amber's full breasts in her hands, her thumbs brushing over the hardened peaks of her light brown nipples.

"Amber coloured too. I like it."

She roughly grabbed both her breasts pulling one nipple into her hot wet mouth while the fingers of her other hand rolled the nipple around and around sending sparks of flame into Amber's groin, her pussy weeping in agony. Jasmine tongued her nipple, sucking it into her mouth, grazing it with her teeth as Amber clung to her shoulders to stop herself falling back. Jasmine then swapped and did the same to other side as Amber's pussy finally opened and released her moistness onto her outer lips and thighs. 

Jasmine stopped her assault on her nipples and pushed Amber gently back against the edge of the bed.

"Lay back baby girl, all the way back."

Amber did as she was told and scrambled to the middle of the bed and lay on her back. Jasmine removed one of Amber's stilettos, slowly, mindfully. She then kissed and nibbled at Amber's instep, kissed each one of her toes and the inside of her ankle. She gently placed Amber's leg out wide then she repeated the same action with Amber's other shoe and foot, again placing Amber's leg out wide so she lay spread-eagled, exposed and open. 

Amber saw a few more people slip into the room and take a seat. There was a low murmuring and the occasional clink of ice in a glass but for the most part Amber was only aware of Jasmine and her skilled mouth. 

"You ok there baby?" Whispered Jasmine.

Amber shivered and clenched the internal walls of her now fragrant and over-warm pussy, "Y-e-s," she stuttered. 

Jasmine was kneeling between her knees stroking her hands and nails up and down Amber's smooth toned thighs. Up and down, up and down. On each up stroke Amber's pussy twitched and clenched. Amber was trembling all over.

"Baby, you're shaking! What's wrong?"

Amber bent her knees, pulled them back towards her chest, holding them wide apart, "Please put your mouth on me. I'm begging you,' she cried.

Amber heard the low soft chuckles of the guests.

"Oh Jas you're so mean, put the girl out of her misery," called out a faceless voice.

"Oh baby is that all? And there I was thinking I was moving too fast for you!" smirked Jasmine.

"Too fast? You're fucking killing me," exclaimed Amber.

Jasmine leaned forward and tucked a small cushion under her ass, tipping her pelvis up and then signalled for someone to come over. Before she knew it her ankle had been tied with one of the silk strips to the end posts on the day bed, her foot resting on a small ledge that had been purpose-built. Someone else did the same to her other leg and Amber was tied wide apart for all the world to see, her pussy glistening with sweet juice, her round soft ass enticingly perched on the pillow.

"And her wrists. Tie them back too. I don't want her touching herself."

Amber's wrists were tied to the bed head behind. She could wriggle a little if she chose to but wouldn't be able to stroke herself, play with her hard aching nipples or touch Jasmine. It was exciting and annoying all at the same time.

Jasmine kissed her inner thigh. Kissed it again and again, moving agonisingly slowly towards Ambers pussy. It was all Amber could do not to scream out her frustration at the interminable slowness of the woman. The build up felt like it would actually kill her and she suspected that with just one touch of Jasmine's tongue to her pussy she was likely to cum before she could actually enjoy it.

Finally Amber could feel Jasmine's warm breath on her pussy, felt her blowing lightly on the trimmed dark hair on her mound. She tensed waiting, waiting, waiting. 

Then there it was, the tip, the moist warm tip of Jasmine's tongue, flicking up and down on the hard nub of her clit. Amber groaned and tried to push her pussy into her Jasmine's face but the restraints held her back. She could only move her hips from side to side and that wasn't going to do it for her. 

Jasmine finally had enough too. She thrust her tongue into Amber's cleft piercing her full engorged slippery lips, digging around in her hole, lapping at her clit, hungrily eating Amber's pussy like she'd been starving herself for just this moment. 

Amber cried out with the sweet agony of it all. She came then, slowly at first but before she knew it she was screaming out, yes, yes, yes, fuck yes, oh yes, please don't stop, oh fuck me, fuck. Jasmine didn't let up. Amber might've cum but Jas was just starting to get into the young girl. She thrust her finger inside the warm tight cavern, rubbing Amber's g-spot, feeling the wet walls clench around her. She kept her mouth on her clit, sucking, licking and flicking for all she was worth. Jas's own pussy had soaked her thin sheer panties and she could feel the breeze from the open doors cooling against her lips. 

"Well, well here you are. I've been looking everywhere for you. I see you've found someone to keep you out of trouble?"

Jas looked up, keeping her finger deeply embedded in Amber. 

"Hey there. Gary this is Amber, Brett's date. Amber, this is my husband Gary."

Gary lay down next to Amber and watched as Jasmine buried her face back between Amber's legs.

"Hey Amber. Is my wife doing a good job eating you out, hmm?"

Amber turned to face him, her eyes glazed, her face slack with contentment and passion. Gary looked to be in his mid-fifties, he had warm brown eyes, a strong full mouth and from what she could see, a broad suntanned chest. He was wearing a pair of faded denim jeans.

"Oh yeah, she's so good. So fucking good," groaned Amber.

Gary chuckled, "She loves to eat pussy so you're in for a treat. Me? I love to fuck pussy. So we're a good pair."

Amber flushed at the admission. 

"You have amazing breasts. Would you mind if I—?"

Amber shook her head. Jasmine had spread her ass cheeks and was flicking her tongue over her ass hole and rubbing a finger slowly back and forth across her clit. Both ends of Amber were humming in the build up to another orgasm and it was all she could do to remember her own name let alone worry about someone else joining in.

Gary leaned over Amber and took a hard sweet nipple in his mouth, using his long fingers to knead and tug at her breasts. He nibbled lightly at first, licking and flicking gently at the fawn-coloured nub then with his finger and thumb he squeezed both her nipples hard, harder than Amber had ever experienced before. She yelped in surprise and Jasmine looked up to see what the commotion was, grinned knowingly at Gary and returned to thrashing Amber's pussy with her mouth.

"Shhh, it's ok. Just breathe, it'll pass soon, come on, just breathe," Gary whispered in her ear.

Amber panted heavily, focussing on the attentions of Jasmine and blinking away the small tears that were forming in the corners of her eyes. She felt the burning pain in her nipples slowly dissipate just like he said it would. And then he let go. She cried out again at the sweet release and at the same time orgasmed onto Jasmine's face, squirting her juice into her mouth and onto her chin. 

Gary softly sucked on her tender nipples, licking and nuzzling them while she shook and moaned through the aftershocks of her climax.

"Baby, I think Amber might like some cock now. Whaddya say Amber? Gary's got a cock that lasts forever."

"Too fucking right he does." Called someone from the dark.

There was another murmuring of low chuckles.

Amber felt spent and would've liked to curl up and go to sleep for the night but she spotted Gary beside the bed shucking his jeans off. His cock sprung free, not overly long and not overly thick, she'd had bigger, but he was hard, really hard and Amber's wet pussy was crying out for something hard and fast. 

She nodded her head, first at Jasmine and then at Gary.

He moved behind Jasmine, holding her hips.

"I'm gonna slip into my wife first Amber. I love to be inside her after she's eaten pussy. She's always so wet and hot."

Jasmine smiled up at Amber and winked. Gary pulled her sheer panties to the side and slid his cock into Jasmine's pussy, right up to the hilt. Jasmine groaned, shunted forward as he thrust into her. 

"Oh baby, you're so hard. Your cock feels so thick and fat," murmured Jasmine.

"And you're fucking dripping baby. Amber's got you all hot and wet eh?"
