 After a nice long nap and a shower, my little sex slave, we get dressed for the evening's festivities. I am dressed in a plain black suit and tie while you are dressed like the dirty schoolgirl you are. Short green plaid skirt, white buttondown, white ankle high socks, black patent leather shoes, pigtails, white satin panties (covering your still pink, spanked ass) and a sheer white lace bra. My cock stirs as I attach a black leather collar around your sexy neck and hook the leash to it. I lift up your skirt and give you a quick, hard swat as we walk out of the room and toward the elevator. We enter the elevator and there is an attractive couple and a single man to ride with us. They all look at us, me leading you around on a leash but mostly at you and how you're dressed. Up and down they check you out, obviously very aroused. 

"Do you like what you see?" I ask.

They all nod and smile.

"Touch her, grab her sexy ass. Play with her." 

You stand still as all three touch you, the men lifting your skirt up, roughly squeezing your round ass while the woman reaches in your blouse and pinches your nipples. I reach my hand down and spread your legs slightly to give these strangers better access to your pussy and ass. You are behaving well I think as I watch the woman slip her finger inside your silk panties, inside you. I lean in a kiss you deeply, telling you what a good, obedient little present you are as our new friends fondle you. I watch as you reach down a squeeze the husband's cock over his pants while his wife continues to finger fuck you. The other gentleman moves behind you and grinds his obviously hard cock on your panty covered ass. I can tell you're close to cumming and I decided to let her finish you off, you might not be so lucky later this evening. Your legs shake as you cum on her hand. She pulls her fingers out of you and sticks them in her husband's mouth, he moans as he tastes you. 

The elevator opens to a few people waiting. I press the Hold button so the door will stay open.

"Maybe we will run into each other later in the party room," says the woman as she walks off, "we could finish what we started."

"We will see." I say knowing full well that is exactly where we will be after dinner.

As we head to the dining room we are greeted by a hostess wearing a tight little black dress, shoes and obviously nothing else. She has wavy black hair and a body that is built for one thing, her large breasts stretching the tight dress.

"Reservations?"

I nod.

"Follow me."

I can't help but watch her full firm ass, barely covered under her dress, move as she takes us to our table. I notice you watching it as well.

"Cindy will be here to serve you tonight and if there is anything else you possibly need I will be happy to take care of you."

I unhook your leash as we sit. A very young and handsome bus boy fills our water as the Cindy pours the champagne and serves us the foie gras. As we eat our torchon I notice the action at few of the other tables...a woman sucking a waiters cock while her husband watches, a man fucking a waitress on the table while his wife licks and sucks on her nipples, two young girls blowing a very well hung waiter. We chat about the food and the drink as well go through our short tasting menu, the sounds of sex all around. I am in a constant state of arousal as I watch the goings on and think about what I am going to do to you after dinner. 

"As you might of guessed this is a different type of restaurant." Our waitress says as she picks up our dessert plates. 

"We get paid very well by the hotel but many of our guests, especially our regulars, like to tip us in other ways."

"Sometimes when I see a couple as attractive you, I insist on a nice tip." 

With that she hikes up her short black skirt, sits on the table and spreads her legs open for you revealing her shaved snatch and black lace panties. You hesitate a little but she grabs your pigtails and pulls you to her crotch. She pushes her panties aside and you lick her, tentatively at first, while I open up her shirt and pinch and bite her sexy hard nipples. You start be more aggressive, sticking your tongue inside her hole, sucking on her clit. Cindy closes her eyes in pleasure and she tilts her head back. I get down on my knees next to you and watch as you put one, then two fingers inside her and you lick her up and down, making her squirm and moan even more. I slip my fingers inside you, feel how fucking dripping wet you have become. Wow my little slave this is really turning you on. You deserve another orgasm I think as I flick your clit with my thumb while fucking you with my fingers. You cum almost immediately, moaning into her pussy, soaking my hand. As you do the bus boy walks up, his large cock in hand.

"I need my tip as well."

You barely look up from eating our delicious waitress as you grab his cock and start to slowly jerk him off. This seems to make you super hot as you moan. You seem to be able to tell she is about to cum so you slow down and keep her on edge. You pull your face away from Cindy and slip his cock in your mouth for a couple of deep thrusts. You move back to her and start to stroke his cock faster as you lick and suck her. Our bus boy doesn't hold out for long as he grunts and his cum lands on the floor and her leg, she then shutters and screams as her pussy grips your fingers. She pulls you up by you pigtails and licks her juices from your lips, face and chin and thanks you for the generous tip.

"I hope you will be hanging around after dinner. You are my last table and I would like to repay you both for that awesome tip."

I grab you and pull you to me, kissing you hard, tasting her juices on your lips and mouth, grabbing your ass grinding my hardness against you. Damn I want to fuck you. I will wait on that until later. We get up to leave and I pull a length of silk rope and a blindfold from my pocket. You smile nervously as I place the blindfold over your eyes. The tall hostess comes over, her nipples hard against her tight dress.

"Can I give you a hand?" she asks looking at me holding the rope.

"Sure, pull my little slave's arms behind her and hold them while I tie the rope."

She pulls your arms back so your elbows are touching each other as I loop the rope around you arms from elbows to wrists and I pull it tight pulling you shoulders back and causing you chest to thrust forward. As I finish the knot she lifts the front of your skirt and runs her finger over you panties the length of you pussy.

"NO!"

Cindy, our server, barks from a few feet away.

"You're going to pay for that!" She says as she pulls her away from you by her long curly hair. 

Interesting. I wonder what that was about. That petite little blonde seems to own the hostess. I stand behind you and run my tongue up your sexy neck to your ear and and give you light, romantic little kisses.

"Are you ready for the next step?" I ask you.

"I am yours, totally and without conditions. Tonight as long as you are happy and satisfied, so am I."

I lead your sexy blindfolded self down the hallway toward the main party room. As we go we pass the themed rooms, each open so others can watch and hear the happenings. The first one we come to is the classroom theme and I notice the couple that fondled you in the elevator are living out their fantasy. The wife or "the teacher" is being serviced by two young students. She is bent over the desk, getting fucked hard by one young stud while the other shoves his large cock down her throat. The husband, or "principle," is spanking one school girl while another is on her knees sucking him off. Nice. You can only hear the spanking and fucking as you stand waiting for me to direct you. I lift up your skirt and rub your ass, telling you what I am watching. I reach around and lightly stroke the folds of your pussy and at the same time spank your ass hard, surprising you. I go back to watching the action as now the "principle" is spanking the other girl while she buries her face in the first girls shaved, obviously wet pussy. I lift your blindfold and let you watch for a few while I rub your pink spanked ass, kissing your neck and slipping my fingers inside you. I slide the blindfold back over your eyes.

"I would like you to suck my cock slave." 

You squat down, leaning against the window, and I unzip my pants and slide my cock in your mouth. I grab you by your pigtails and slowly fuck your mouth for a few strokes. Yum. I watch as one the students pulls his cock out the teachers mouth and cums all over tits. Fucking hot. It is all I can do to stop myself from cumming in your mouth as you slowly suck me. I pull away and help you up. I continue to lead you down the hallway by your leash, stopping occasionally to spank and tease you while watching the other fantasies taking place. First is a petite blonde cheerleader being fucked by three huge football players. Next is a babysitter, her ass, like yours, bright red from being "punished" by a married couple. I watch this for a while as the man pounds the babysitter while the wife fingers herself in the corner. 

The next room has a nurse sitting on a patients face while the doctor fucks her, then there is a tied up man being dominated by two latex clad women, his ass and cock red from abuse. I stop to watch two plumbers who are fucking a housewife who is duct taped to the kitchen table. Others are walking down the hall as well, I ask each to spank you also, making your ass bright, bright red. I love it, slave. My slave. My present. My toy. I worry a bit after you whimper a little after one of the men spanks you harder than the others so I gently rub your red ass. Then I notice how fucking wet the spankings by the strange men and women made you, your silk white schoolgirl panties are soaked. I turn you over, lean you against the wall and spread your legs so everyone can see how hot and horny their spankings made you. One of the men, the one who swatted you the hardest, looks at me like he wants to touch you. I nod yes and quietly move away from you, motioning to him to be silent. You moan, thinking it is me, as he pushes your soaked panties aside and puts two fingers in you. As I watch while his cute girlfriend walks over to me and slowly strokes me as we watch him make you cum.

"Hot." I say from across the hall, making you jump, wondering who had his fingers in you. All three of us laugh. He stands up and walks over to his girlfriend and puts his Sarah flavored fingers in her mouth and she licks him clean. Up and into the main room we go, you with your arms still tied behind your back and eyes blindfolded. And me so fucking hard.

As we enter the room you say "Next time you allow someone else to touch me, ask first."

"Oh yeah, your my slave tonight!! I will make the decisions!!"

With that I grab you by your leash and pull you to the first couch I see and bend you over the back roughly. Five HARD swats follow and then I pull you panties to your ankles, pull my cock out and give you your five quick, deep, hard thrusts. Your pussy is so wet. I know you love the attention. I grab you by your hair and pull you up, my cock still inside you.

"I'm your master tonight, sex slave." I whisper in your ear, "and you will do what I want, when I want and with whomever I want."

"Yes sir."

You need to be punished so I untie your bindings and walk you to where they have chains hanging from the ceiling and cuff your wrists above your head. I also cuff a bar to your ankles so you are spread out, blindfolded and unable to move. I take your skirt off and unbutton your shirt, pinching your nipples hard, pulling your hair. I walk to a toy box for a whip and a paddle. I will show you the real difference between and whip and a paddle. One hard smack with the paddle. 

"What was that?" I ask.

"The paddle." you answer.

One hard smack with the whip. 

"And that?"

"The whip." Good girl.

I repeat several more times, each time asking the same questions. We are attracting a audience. Your ass is on fire, redder than ever. I'm so hard. I ask a short cute blond girl standing near me to massage some cooling lotion on your punished ass. She rubs the lotion slowly and carefully over your sexy ass. Fuck that's hot I think as I watch. This beautiful woman rubbing your ass. Yum. I need to fuck you. I walk behind you and the blonde grabs my cock and guides it in you. It slides in and feels fucking hot. So wet. Dripping. She then crawls under us and licks both of us as I fuck you, going from your clit to my balls. You cum in no time, your pussy gripping me while the girl licks me. Heaven.

"I knew you would make me cum, I still got what I wanted." You say after coming down from your orgasm.

Smart ass. Bad girl. Bad move. More punishment. I pull out of you move in front of you, handing the paddle to the closest man and removing the blindfold. I nod to the man and smack! the paddle hits your ass. Again. Again. I pull the blond to me and she falls to her knees. Smack. Smack. Goes the paddle and you moan as your ass gets punished.

"Is this also what you wanted?" I ask as the girl starts sucking me. "Do you want to watch me cum in her mouth?"

Damn you are so fucking hot, chained up and getting paddled by the stranger, I see the lust in your eyes as you watch her suck me. As you get punished. Smack goes the paddle as she grabs my ass and forces me down her throat and come closer to cumming. Smack again as I cum hard in her mouth, all the while staring you in the eyes. Smack!

The man stops at my command and I rub your ass gently.

I slide the blindfold over your eyes and I lead you around the room allowing anyone to spank your fine ass or pinch your nipples or pull you hair. Everyone watches as I lead you to a table and lie you flat on your back, taking off every piece of you clothing, except for the collar and tie you to the table. You're tied tight, with ropes, hands at your sides and legs spread, the only thing you can do is move your head from side to side. I touch you. Still dripping. Enjoying too much. I pick up the crop and swat you thighs, your nipples, then your clit. Pain. You moan. I'm hard again. The blond comes over and asks me if you can repay the orgasm she just gave you. 

"Of course she will."

First she gives you a deep kiss so you can taste my cum in her mouth and then straddles you and lowers her pussy to your mouth. You, after your experience with our server, attack her with gusto as she grinds into your face. You must be as good at that as you are at blow jobs cause in no time her eyes are glazed and her moans are vocal. Smack I hit your clit again with the crop. Our little blond friend cums hard, grinding on you and squeezing your head with her thighs. She crawls off and your beautiful face is slick with her wetness. Fuck that's sexy. I turn your head toward me a put my hard again cock in your mouth. Damn. 

"Anyone else want to use my sex toy's hot talented little mouth?" 

The guy who fingered you in the hallway and his girl friend walk over. He is rock hard and puts his cock in your mouth and you start on him like a good little slave girl. She starts pinching your nipple and fingering you while she watches her boyfriends dick go in and out of your mouth hot mouth. I pull her hand away and smack your inner thighs, making sure there is no orgasm for you. He fucks your mouth faster and faster, pulling your hair, until he cums, filling your mouth. As soon as he's done the girl is sitting on you, grinding herself on your face to a quick orgasm. Smack! the crop hits your clit as I know how much you love what's going on. No cumming for you as there is more fun to be had.

We untie you and lead you over, still blindfolded but untied, to an area called the"pit" which is a round, lowered padded floor surrounded by couches. There is already a couple in the center fucking while 8 or 9 others are watching or fucking as well. I lead you around the entire area so you can hear the noises, some of them reaching up to touch you. I plan on fucking you in the middle of the circle, with everyone watching. Still blindfolded you kneel and start sucking me. Fuck you feel good. I see out of the corner of my eye our server at the restaurant, the hostess and the busboy walking in to join the party. She's dressed in latex thigh high boots, long gloves, her reddish blond her a little wild. She is leading the nude and already hard busboy by a leash while the hostess follows behind on her hands and knees, her large tits swaying as she moves. They catch my eye and I quietly motion them over. I notice his ass is bright red. The woman's as well. Interesting. I pull you up and stand behind you, kissing your neck and caressing you and I press my cock against your ass. 

"Stay right here Slaves." She says as she walks over to us.

She comes up to you and kisses you deeply, pulling you against her. Sarah sandwich. You drop to your knees and start licking her shaved snatch for the second time tonight. She lifts her left leg and places it on your shoulder to give you better access. I caress her nipples as you eat her, making her moan loudly.

"My name is Cindy." she says, breathing heavily. "And you may call him Slave and her Whore."

"Your friend here is quite the pussy eater," her eyes close as you bring her closer to orgasm.

"Thanks, she is new but very obedient."

After a minute more her legs start to shake and she holds on to my shoulders as cums. She smiles as she pulls away from your talented mouth.

I slide me cock in your mouth and I whisper in her ear. "Please have you slave and whore use her mouth, if only for a second."

I back away and you are still on your knees as Slave touches you lips with his cock. You open you mouth and he slides it in your mouth. I see you struggle with your bindings as you want to use your hands. Cindy steps behind you a gently pushes the back of your head, forcing his big tool down your throat. She then pushes him away and motions for the Whore. She bends over and feeds her nipples to you, one after the other. You hungerily lick and suck on each. Cindy walks behind her and smacks her ass hard with her gloved hand and you suck. You feel a cock again. You open and the busboy slides his in again. You moan. He moans. He steps away. You feel a cock yet again. One of the onlookers slides his cock as he smiles and looks at his wife. He slowly fucks your mouth as you work your magic. He steps away. Again nipples touch your lips. You suck and lick the another woman's tits. Another cock. More nipples. A shaved wet pussy. You lick or suck whatever comes your way. You have to. Your mine tonight. My slave. My present. Another cock. More nipples. A different pussy. I sit on the couch and some womean sucks me while I watch you with everyone. I'm doing all I can to keep myself from cumming. You are so fucking, I love hot watching you please these strangers. So sexy and so fucking beautiful.

Again your feel something hard against your lips. Cindy slides her strap on in and you jump, startled at the feeling the smoothness of the plastic cock. 

She asks me, "Can I have your little fuck toy for a while?" 

"As long as I can watch."

"My boss will take care of you in the meantime." She points to the voluptuous hostess. 

I decide to take your blind fold off so you can see the people you have enjoyed you. I untie you as well. She pulls you up and kisses you again as the Whore crawls to me. 

"She is my boss at work but I am her Master in private."

Cindy says and then picks up a paddle and swats her boss hard, pulls her hair and whispers something in her ear. Whore crawls to me and rubs her large firm tits up and down my leg, kissing and licking my thighs. Meanwhile Cindy has the bus boy on his hands and knees, ready for punishment. Smack! He winces. Five more times she paddles him while you watch, standing next to her. 
