 Being young it was really hard to keep such a secret, and I told my best friend. "Oh, no way," he said to me. "You're full of shit."

"No, I am telling you the truth," I said to him. I was wishing there was a way I could prove it to him. He went to the same church as I did, so he knew Mrs. Brown. I couldn't really figure out how to make him believe me, but I was going to prove it to him, one way or another. The next time I cut the grass for Mrs. Brown and her husband, I brought Kent along. He ran the weedeater, and trimmed some of their bushes for me as I cut the grass. Mrs. Brown came out, and offered us each a glass of tea, so we turned our machines off, and followed her inside of the house.

Mrs. Brown would give me a sexy look when Kent wasn't looking, but she tried to be discreet. I could see the want and lust in her eyes, and knew that her pussy was probably dripping right now. "I need to use the restroom," I told her. 

"You know where it is," she said. 

I disappeared into the bathroom, and a few minutes later, I called out to her. "Do you have a towel?" I asked her. I stood there looking at the towels hanging on the rack, and wanted to see if she followed my lead. She quickly came towards the bathroom, and as she entered I spun around with my cock hanging out. It was already hard from thinking about the hot time I had with her the last time I was here.

"Are you crazy?" she said, staring at my erection. 

"Only about you," I said, stroking my cock. Her eyes remained fixed on my thick cock. She watched as my hand slid up and down my thick shaft. I moved closer to her, and quickly placed her hand on my cock. As she gripped my hot cock, she loosened up. Her hand slid up and down my shaft, and she softly moaned. I quickly pressed my mouth over hers, and began kissing her. I was hoping Kent would be his usual nosey self, and he didn't disappoint me. I noticed him standing in the hallway, watching as the preacher's wife furiously masturbated my cock for me.

Kent began undoing his shorts, and his cock was also rock hard. He quietly slipped up next to Mrs. Brown, and he grabbed her other hand, and placed it on his thick eight-inch cock. Her eyes widened, and she looked shocked, but her hands moved up and down both our young cocks. I began removing her dress, and she stood there in her bra and panties, Kent quickly removed her bra, and her large tits flopped freely. We each took a nipple into our mouths, and began sucking them hungrily. Mrs. Brown moaned loudly. I quickly pulled her panties off, and Kent looked at her pretty pussy. His mouth quickly found her sweet swollen clit, and he began to trace the wet pink button with his tongue. She moaned and thrust her hips. We led her to the bedroom, and tossed her on her bed.

Kent quickly slid between her legs, and resumed eating her pussy. I knelt above her, and guided my hard cock towards her mouth. She greedily accepted my throbbing cock between her lips, and her tongue slid across my cock head. She hungrily licked the precum that oozed from my cock, moaning softly. Kent was now pressing the head of his cock against her wet pussy, and she yelled as he quickly slammed it into her. She wrapped her pretty legs around his young ass, pulling his cock all the way inside of her. Her mouth moved furiously up and down my cock, and Kent was fucking her hard and fast. Her body shook and quivered, and I could tell that she had climaxed. "Mmm, oh yeah," Kent moaned, and his cum began squirting into her wonderful pussy.

He continued plunging his cock into her, emptying his cum inside of her sweet wet pussy. Mrs. Brown loudly moaned, and her legs held him tightly. She thrust against him, milking the last of his cum from his young cock. Kent slowly slid his cock from her pussy, and I quickly took his place. I guided my erect cock against her thick wet pussy lips, and slowly slid inside of her. She grunted, and locked her legs around me. She moaned each time I thrust into her, and her pussy tightly gripped my cock. I pressed my mouth over hers, and we began french kissing as I fucked her. 

"Mmmm," she moaned as she came. Kent was sucking on her tits, as I continued fucking her. His cock was still hard, and Mrs. Brown quickly took it into her hand, and began stroking him, as I pounded her pussy. She came again, and her wonderful pussy tightened around my cock.

I moaned as my cum shot into her, and she grunted loudly. I hadn't came all week, and I shot a wad she wouldn't forget, I am sure. I continued shooting cum deep inside of her tight pussy, making her cum again. Her hand moved up and down Kent's thick cock very quickly, and he grunted, and his cum shot from the pulsating head. It shot quite far, and splashed all across her pretty breasts. He rubbed his cock head against her nipple, smearing the white cum all over it. She moaned, and I continued to fuck her, as the last of my cum oozed from my cock. As I slid my cock from her pussy, it made a loud plop. She moaned softly, and I pressed my mouth over hers, and we passionately kissed again. Kent's cock was now soft, and he quickly pulled his shorts back on. 

He headed towards the kitchen to finish his tea, and she looked at me. "I should be mad at you," she said, "but I have never been satisfied like this."

"Oh, I thought you might like it," I said. I kissed her again, and we both began to dress. As we entered the kitchen, she looked at Kent, and told both of us, that what we had just done was wrong, and she was sorry. Kent continued drinking his tea, and she winked at me. I realized that she wanted it to continue, but only with me. 

As Kent and I left, he looked at me and said, "Sorry I doubted you."

"That's ok," I said. 

"But I don't think she wants to do it again," he replied. 

"No, I don't think she does," I said to him. We both smiled, and had a big secret between us now.

The End