 It'd been a few weeks since Amber had joined Brett at the swinger's party at Jasmine and Gary's house. She shivered and clenched her pussy tightly as she remembered Jasmine's tongue on her clit and Gary's hard cock spreading her pussy, thrusting in and out of her. While Amber's session with the couple had been mind-blowing it wasn't them she wanted to hook up with now. There was a petite blonde that'd been fucking someone else while she watched Amber and she could not for the life of her stop thinking about her. The memory of her big plump tits, round ass and hips got Amber reaching for her pussy each night.

She'd been bugging Brett about the next party and where it would be but he hadn't heard yet. She thought it might've been weird between them afterwards at work, as she'd licked his cock while he'd thrust it into Jasmine but it was business as usual. Nothing had changed. They both agreed they still didn't fancy each other, no chemistry and they both just happened to be in the same place, playing with the same couple. He did say though that she was gifted with her tongue. She'd laughed and thanked him. Speak of the devil, she thought as Brett sidled up to her desk. 

"Hey you. Guess what? I have a time and a place."

Amber felt the colour drain from her face, her breath quickened. Oh Lord, please let it be soon.

"Yeah? When?"

"This weekend. Some blokes place over the other side of the city. You up for it?"

Amber rolled her eyes at him. "Yes! Fuck haven't I been the one bugging you? What's the plan?"

Brett chuckled at her desperation. "I'll get you at 8pm on Saturday. How's that?"

Amber sighed with relief, only three days away. "Perfect. Oh and Brett? Thanks."

Brett smiled and patted her on the shoulder. "No worries babe. It suits us both."

Saturday came around too slowly but finally Amber was able to get ready. She'd done all the necessary things to tidy herself up. Her legs and underarms were freshly shaven, her pussy trimmed and tidied. This time she'd opted to have the hair around her lips waxed for the first time. Licking Jasmine's pussy with no hair felt amazing so she thought she'd give it a go. Though she still preferred to have some bush to run her fingers through.

She'd bought a new dress. It was black, strapless, figure hugging and short; very short. So short, that if she leaned forward, it flashed her butt cheeks. But it was fucking sexy and she was going with that. She put on a red silk thong and black 'stay-up' silk stockings, no garters needed, the thick lace bands securely tight on her thighs. She slipped her feet into her 6" black patent heels, otherwise known as her 'fuck me' shoes. She did nothing with her hair but brush it so it hung loose around her bare shoulders.

Brett arrived at 8pm as promised and whistled appreciatively as she walked out to his car. 

"Well fuck me don't you look tasty! That is one short dress babe. I can see your panties." He grinned lasciviously at her.

Amber swished her hips seductively, her hem riding up a little further. "Good enough to eat Brett?"

He laughed. "Oh yeah. Jasmine will be all over you."

"Hmm, well there's a blonde I've got my eye on so I'm hoping she's the one that I'll get to play with tonight."

Brett frowned. "What blonde?"

"She was there last time. Fucking some older guy. Curly hair, huge tits, tight little nipples. She's short, plump and round. Her moaning almost made me cum."

"Ah right, yeah that's Paulette but I think she only does cock. Her husband likes to watch her fucking blokes while he gets a blow job. It can be difficult to get to her. According to Gary she's a great fuck. Her moaning makes him cum.'

Amber was disappointed to hear Paulette loved cock. Shit, that takes me out of the game then. 

20 minutes later they were outside town and in the lift of a luxurious apartment building taking them to the Penthouse floor. The mirrored walls of the elevator showed a very young sexy couple. And again Amber marvelled at how it was that they weren't attracted to each other. They looked hot together. But he felt like her brother or at the very least one of her best friends. She took his hand and squeezed it, not sure why she did it or what she was looking for. He grinned and kissed her lightly on the side of her hair.

"Here we go again. Good luck mate."

The elevator doors opened into the penthouse and they both stood there gaping at the opulence and luxury around them. There were 180 degree views back to the city, the bright lights shining like stars in the distance. There was a pool on the terrace, a stone and glass kitchen, a sunken area with a semi-circular white leather lounge surrounding a fireplace. 

"Fucking heck." Breathed Brett.

"You can say that again."

"Hi there, Brett and Amber right?"

An older guy, looking just like Remington Steele from the TV show, stood there with his hand out. He was dressed in a pair of black Armani pants, his neatly pressed white Armani shirt open at the collar showing dark curly hair at his neck. He was tall and athletic, lean and muscular with dark hair greying at the temples. His whole being screamed wealth and decadence. Brett and Amber each shook his hand nervously.

"Uh yeah."

"I'm Dominic. Welcome. This is my place. You're the friends of Jas and Gary, is that right?"

Brett nodded.

"I remember you Amber. That was some session you had. Very enjoyable to watch. Most of the guests that night are still talking about it."

For some reason Amber blushed. "Oh right. Thanks...I guess. I...I'm sorry...um...I don't remember you."

Dominic laughed. "I was otherwise occupied in the shadows with the lovely Paulette. But it was all the better for watching you Amber."

He cleared his throat as Amber heated up at the mention of Paulette. Maybe this was the cock she needed to catch her?

"Just so you know, this area here is for chilling, resting and catching up with friends. Outside and by the pool is open for whatever you want and of course there's rooms down the hall. I hope you'll have a good time tonight. I'd hate to think you'd be disappointed."

Dominic's eyes were searing into her and she felt herself dampening the soft silk of her panties. Too be honest the panties weren't helping any. Against the newly bare skin of her outer lips the silk was deliciously soft, stroking her with every step.

"Thanks Dominic. It'll be fun I'm sure."

Brett dragged her away and grabbed two cocktails from the topless waitress that stopped to appraise Brett.

"Fuck that was intense. Do you get the feeling we're swimming with sharks here?"

Amber sipped her drink and grinned. "Brett get back in the boat or learn to swim. Me? I learnt to swim years ago. I'm just putting some strokes into practise!"

She swatted him on the ass. "Catch ya later 'gator." She sauntered off outside to check out who was here, more than aware that as she passed through the throng, of people whispering about her. Maybe it was the short dress, the couple of inches of exposed thigh before the black silk lace of her stocking tops or her delicious ass cheeks that flashed as she walked. 

Out in the cool fresh air there were couples in the pool kissing, fondling and making waves. A threesome was in the throes of some good sex on a lounger near the railing and in the hot tub a nude gorgeous blonde was sitting on the edge, her legs spread. There was a woman in the tub eating her out enthusiastically and two blokes on either side of her sucking and biting her tits. She was enjoying herself immensely. Amber smiled and waved as she caught her eye. Jasmine smiled and winked back at her then closed her eyes and pushed her pussy tighter into the woman's face.

Amber couldn't see Paulette anywhere and figured she was either already in a room with someone or she wasn't coming. Sighing she shook off the despondency that enveloped her like a blanket and looked around to see if there was anyone else she wanted to approach. It was then the elevator doors opened and Paulette and, Amber assumed, her husband walked in. Amber rocked back on her heels in surprise. Just when she'd thought all was lost! Nervous excitement filled her belly as she watched Dominic greet his guests. He kissed Paulette on the mouth and she pressed herself her body up against his. A flare of envy surged within Amber's chest. What she wouldn't give to have Paulette do that to her?

Paulette was wearing white court shoes and a baby pink cocktail dress, cut low in the front to show off her big fleshy tits. Her blonde curly hair was loose but she'd pulled it back on one side with a glittery comb to expose the soft white skin of her neck. Amber imagined that's where she would've sprayed her perfume. She hoped to have the chance to find out. 

Paulette and Larry worked the room, stopping to chat to a very beautiful young couple. Amber didn't know what to do or how to approach Paulette. If she left it any longer she'd likely end up going off somewhere and Amber would've lost her chance. Feeling more anxious than ever before, Amber slowed her breathing and avoiding the middle-aged man in the rubber thong who was approaching her, crossed the pool deck to reach Paulette and her husband.

"So, who is it you want then? Paulette or her husband Larry? You've not looked at anyone else." Whispered Dominic.

Amber jumped. Dominic had stepped in behind her, his warm breath in her ear. She shivered as she felt the length of his penis on her ass, his thigh pressing between her thighs. She leaned back on him and he slipped a hand around her middle, his palm on her lower belly, his long thick fingers pressing onto her mons. She wriggled her ass against his length and took a casual sip of her drink.

"Why? Did you want to join us?"

"Mmm." Growled Dominic, pulling her hair aside and nipping her lightly on the back of the neck .

"Now that sounds like a good idea but it would mean you fucking Larry and I'd hook up with Paulette again. Now she's a seriously good fuck don't get me wrong but I've been in that pussy and I'm looking for...well...let's just say I'm looking for new territory to take over."

He slipped a hand between them, the hem of her dress easily riding up over her hips. He pulled the thong out from between her cheeks and slipped it to the side. Amber gasped as it scraped across the lips of her pussy and she spread her legs wider. He slid a moistened finger up and down her ass crack, pausing at her puckered hole, pressing against it but not entering her.

"When Gary was fucking you all I wanted to do was spread your cheeks and lick your ass." 

Amber trembled. That's exactly what she'd wanted Gary to do and he didn't. How was it that this man could know what she wanted?

"Ooh you're shaking. I'm right aren't I? You would've liked that wouldn't you?"

Amber's breathing was ragged and shallow. She felt dizzy and could feel the ground spinning under her. She staggered as Dominic stepped away from her, walking away, leaving her adrift. She felt the cool breeze on her bare ass, her dress still hiked up. Hastily she yanked it back down and glared daggers into his departing back. How dare he fuck with her! 

She gathered her senses as best she could and sought out Paulette again. She was by the fireplace, her husband's hand on the small of her back. They were still talking with the young couple. Amber bit her lip and hoped she wasn't too late. She couldn't wait, wouldn't wait another month for another chance at her.

"Hi...um...sorry to interrupt, I'm Amber."

Four sets of inquisitive eyes looked at her and Amber's self-consciousness grew with every passing second.

"Amber? Now, are you THE Amber of the Jas and Gary fame? It's hard to recognise you, with your clothes on."

Larry guffawed at his own joke and the other three just looked uncomfortable. Amber fixed a dull gaze on him. What a jack-ass.

"Bob, you and Maggie weren't at Jas's place last month were you? You missed a lovely treat in the lovely Amber. She had a very long three-some with Gary and Jasmine that gathered quite a crowd."

Amber wasn't ashamed of what she'd done but this guy was certainly making out she was a class A slut. Panic set in and she was ready to flee. She'd had enough of this dickhead. Paulette might have consumed her waking and sleeping hours but it wasn't worth being around this fuck wit to get to her.

"Well, on that note." 

Amber walked away, furious she couldn't think of something smart and clever to throw back in his face. She hurried down the long hallway to find a bathroom to hide in. She tried several doors but all were bedrooms occupied with sounds and smells indicating some were having more fun than she was.

"Come on, it's this way." 

A small warm hand slipped into hers and she looked down at Paulette who was leading her around the corner. She opened yet another door and pulled Amber in behind her. They were in what appeared, to be the master suite and strangely no one else was in here. The view was equally as stunning as the main entertaining area with floor to ceiling windows occupying one side of the room. The king size bed sat squarely in the middle of the room with pools of dimmed lighting bathing the room in a warm glow. Behind the bed was a series of doors. Paulette walked towards one and opened it, beckoning Amber to follow her.

She flicked a switch and muted lighting illuminated the bathroom with cream marble tiles from floor to ceiling, an open shower room and a bank of mirrors above the washbasin. Locking the door behind them Paulette leaned against it and scowled. Amber just stared dumbly at her. After everything she'd imagined would happen, she was unprepared for this moment right now. 

"I'm so sorry about that. My husband can be a right jerk. Two drinks for Dutch courage and he's just awful."

Paulette moved towards Amber, her hand extended and Amber once again held her hand. 

"I'm Paulette. It really is wonderful to meet you. I was there at Jas's. It was amazing watching you. It was a real turn on for both Dom and I."

"He said." Murmured Amber.

"Ah of course he would. I have to say, you've caused a small sensation in our group. We don't often get new...um...members. Some can't wait to join you and others are just intimidated."

Amber didn't know what to say to that, so chose to shut up and wait.

"Um, Dom would like to spend time with you I think. Do you think you'd like to?"

Paulette looked uncomfortable asking and she was blushing just a little.

"Dom? Yes he did let me know. Not in so many words of course."

Paulette giggled. "He's a man of many talents. I'm sure he left you well aware of his intentions."

"How'd you know where this room was? And why aren't there more people here?"

Paulette chewed her bottom lip self-consciously. "I've been here a few times. Everyone knows Dom doesn't like his room used by the group. We make do with the rest of the apartment. There's plenty of space."

"Yeah but you knew which door was the bathroom from all the doors. How'd you know that?"

Looking up at Amber from under her lashes Paulette sighed. "Larry only comes to these get-togethers because he likes to watch me fucking other men. He likes the odd blow job but otherwise he just likes to watch. Dom and I have known each other for a while and sometimes I like to fuck without being watched. So Dom occasionally does me a favour and I come over here." She looked a little guilty.

"Well lucky Dom," said Amber.

Paulette laughed. "Yeah, well lucky me too, he's no slouch that's for sure. So why're you here? You and Brett are just friends? What are you looking for?"

Amber hadn't really thought about it. "I don't know. Brett asked me and I said yes. He's got something going with Beth and Gary wouldn't let him come alone. But me? What am I looking for? I guess fun, no strings, try-anything-once or twice sex. Yeah I suppose that's it. I like sex. It's good to mix things up once and a while."

Paulette nodded. "Mmm, yeah me too. I love it."

There was a weird silence and then Paulette unlocked the door.

"Well, I'd better go. I just wanted to say sorry. I've already had a go at Larry so he'll be feeling like shit and will probably crawl up your ass trying to apologise. Anyone being obnoxious at one of these things gets kicked out. He's gonna hope you don't complain. I'll leave you for a bit but do come back out, there's a lot of people who'll be happy to see you."

Amber panicked. "Wait! No don't go."

Paulette stopped and frowned. "Yes?"

"Um...well...I...really...um...ah. Oh dear. The thing is I was wondering...um...would you like to...um...with me? I mean, be with me? I'm not sure you're into women or me for that matter...but...ah... did you?"

Amber was blushing from her head to her toes. 

Paulette just stood there with her mouth open, frowning. "Me? You mean me? Me and you?"

Amber groaned inside. Shit this was going from bad to worse. "God I'm sorry. Shit. I shouldn't have asked. Oh dear. Forget it."

"Stop! Just stop talking."

Amber shut her mouth at Paulette's outburst. She could feel her face flaming. God, now Paulette's going to make a complaint and she'd be thrown out with Larry! 

"Is that why you introduced yourself? To meet me?"

Amber breathed out, long and slow. "Yes. Yeah."

Paulette was still frowning and looked, maybe, intrigued? Pissed off? Amber couldn't tell.

"Why me?"

Amber shook her head. Oh boy here it comes. Now she's going to sound like a stalker.

"I saw you that night. When I was with Gary and Jasmine. I saw you with Dom. I...I...don't know...I just thought you looked beautiful. I've thought about you almost every day since. Not in a weird way, I promise. Just in a, 'I wonder if she'd play?' way."

"I see. Wow. How...um...flattering."

Amber thought she'd ask again. "So? Did you want to get together?"

Paulette swallowed hard and blushed a little. "I'd love to."

Amber laughed. "Whew! Oh boy. Wow. So...um...what now?"

Paulette smiled. "Ah, well I'm going to go and tell Larry to occupy himself, I don't want him watching, is that ok with you? Yeah I didn't think you'd mind. Also, I'd really like it if we were private is that ok? You draw a big crowd and while I don't mind the occasional visitor I'm not up to having everyone looking at me."

Amber was just nodding. Agreeing to anything she said. She'd have stood on her head and sung the National Anthem if it meant getting naked with Paulette.

"So, um, I'll be back. Stay here and I'll check if there's a room free."

Paulette unlocked the door and looked back at Amber, smiling shyly. Amber followed her into the main bedroom and watched as she left. She collapsed on the bed, not able to believe the last few minutes. What a ride! She was excited and nervous and could feel herself getting wet. 

The door opened and Amber jumped to her feet, smiling. "So, everything ok? Is there a room free?"

Paulette's face was a picture of nervousness as she came into the room and Amber's smile dropped as Dominic followed her into the room, closing the door behind him. Amber frowned, now what's he up to? She wondered.

"Amber, nice to see you again. I bumped into Paulette and she explained what's going on. We've come to an agreement, haven't we Paulette?"

He slung an arm around Paulette's shoulders and pulled her in close.

Amber waited as Paulette looked up at Dominic, with what? What is that look? Shit, I think she's in love with him. Amber wandered what the heck was going on.

"I hear that Paulette requires a private room for the two of you, yet all the rooms are busy. So my suggestion is the two of you utilise this room. With my blessing."

Amber frowned. "And what's the agreement that you made with Paulette?"

"Ah yes," said Dominic smiling. "I get to stay and watch."

Amber's heart fluttered in her chest. It didn't bother her but she suspected Dominic wasn't one to sit on the sidelines and just watch. She just wondered who it was he had the bigger interest in.
