 Like a swirl of murky water shifting and clearing, Amber slowly drifted out of slumber and opened her eyes to narrow slits, getting used to the morning light as she lay, waking, in bed. 

Yet something was wrong. 

First of all, her bed had never felt this hard, and there were no blankets or bed sheets either. As her still muddled mind slowly drifted out of sleep, struggling to understand what was happening, a chill like a tiny spark of electricity shot up her spine and blossomed into warm pleasure as it reached her head. Hearing herself groan, her mind cleared somewhat and details began to fall into place like missing pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. Something about... a woman. An image of a face flashed in her mind, but before she could gather the details, a hot ripple of pleasure coursed through her body once more, eliciting a soft moan from her dry lips. 

The pang of pleasure rang like the crisp chime of a bell in the foggy mist of her mind, pulling her to a clearer state of wakefulness. It hit her that she was naked – and she certainly never made it a habit of sleeping in the nude. She could feel a wet sensation between her thighs. A liquid warmth that seeped out of her core, pure distilled pleasure that smeared the inside of her thighs damp and trickled down the crack of her ass to drip onto the hard floor of her room, adding to the small puddle her rear was resting upon. Between her spread thighs, she felt a motion. 

Looking down her own body, Amber saw a mane of platinum-blonde hair that belonged to the woman with the most insatiable sexual appetite she had ever encountered in her life. She could not see the woman's face, quite simply because it was pressed against her drenched snatch, her hot tongue pushing into Amber's pulsing pussy to drink of her pleasure, careless of how the bittersweet tangy stuff dribbled onto her chin and stuck to her cheeks. The woman could not get enough. 

Amber let out a loud groan and felt a shudder course through her body, a ripple of delicious, soothing warmth that bloomed at her core into liquid heat to shower the other woman's face with her release. In the throes of her climax, squirming in a delightfully uncomfortable way as the woman used the warm secretions to push her hot licker into Amber's asshole, Amber realized what people meant when they said they got their brains fucked out. And somehow, she had the feeling that this woman wasn't anywhere near done...

*****

It had all started the day before. Amber was your run-of-the-mill PR agent for a prestigious publishing company. Although it wasn't in the contract, she knew that dealing with clients meant impressing them and her best assets to this purpose was her figure and her discourse. A flash of a pearly smile, a sensual fragrance, a correct expression and the right words could turn the minds of any possible client to choosing her company and signing a contract – and she won many of those. 

She kept herself in shape by going to the gym every other day and ate balanced meals. Although she didn't like to believe she was the narcissistic type, she was proud of her body and how she took care of it. Her family being of Irish heritage, this was reflected in her own aspect. A lush mane of fiery red hair that reached just past her shoulders, emerald green eyes that were the envy of her coworkers and a smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose that with the appropriate schoolgirl giggle was assured to melt any man's heart. 

Not that she was interested in men anyhow. Her build was slim at a fairly tall stature, her bosom was well endowed though nothing as outrageously over-the-top as what you would see on Baywatch. Toned thighs and a deliciously trim, firm butt were the results of hard work at the gym, and she liked keeping it that way since it pleased her to know she was attractive. You could say that she was rather pleased with her life as everything was under her control – her job, her health, her aspect and the way she spent her free time. Her friends sometimes called her a control freak and she could easily see why. She was a modern woman in her mid-20's that knew what she was doing and where she was heading. 

Until she met Maya.

Since her job was rather stressy (not all clients liked her friendly approach and most of those let her know about it), Amber liked to wind down ever now and then with something that was not as energetic as aerobics classes at the gym or jogging around the park near her apartment. So on a whim, she decided to take classes in drawing. She went twice a week, on Mondays (nothing better to ease the Monday blues after work) and on Fridays. Fridays she liked best, since most people in her painting group would usually meet up after class to go for drinks in trendy nightclubs. 

She had been going to the classes for a few months and had started to enjoy them a hell of a lot – perhaps the control freak inside her liked seeing the finished sketches as a result of her direct control and manipulation of the pencils she used. She had got rather good at the drawing of still life pictures; bowls of fruit and empty bottles gave her plenty of practice at the beginning, though in the long run, with aid from the art teacher, they became easier for her to draw and less of a challenge. Little did she know she would get more than a challenge on that fateful Friday. As a celebration of three months of classes and the end of the first period, the art teacher hired a model to pose in the nude in order to give the students a challenge. She was introduced as Maya and was dressed only in a robe in preparation for the class when everyone had arrived. 

Using the three months of experience from their drawing classes, the students were encouraged to use all the skills they had learnt to try and capture the image of the lovely Maya on paper as well as possible. After some nervous laughter from some of the men, including softly-spoken jokes about applying their "skills" on Maya, she simply pushed away from the wall she was leaning against and let the robe fall in one smooth motion to the ground, pooling about her ankles. What followed was stark silence as the model paced over to the center of the room where the teacher had set a chair for Maya to sit on. As she eased her gorgeous ass onto the seat, she flashed the teacher a wicked grin. 

"What position would you like me in, teach?"

The double-entendre was not lost on anyone in the room, least of all the teacher, a gray-haired middle-aged man who appeared flustered at Maya's question and complete lack of shame. Responding with a nervous laugh that almost sounded like a choked cough, he told her to assume any position she liked; whatever was most comfortable to her. Maya merely grinned her devious grin and did as instructed, seating herself sideways on the chair to rest one arm against the recline and her head upon her forearm, while her thighs crossed in a swish of skin brushing against skin. Everyone, including Amber broke through their daze and rather sheepishly took their places, which were arranged in a semicircle around Maya, like mortals admiring a goddess.

Amber hardly believed her eyes. While most of the men in the class were unashamedly admiring Maya (except her friend Patrick, who like herself was openly gay), the sumptuous model drew some poisonous looks of envy from the women. Others put on pretend faces that they did not mind being shown in detail a body they could never have. Nope. They didn't mind at all. And truth be told, Maya was incredibly gorgeous. 

Her hair was shorter than Amber's, and it was bleached a blonde so clear that it was almost white. Like a cloud of silken silver, it hung down to her shoulders at the front and was cropped shorter at the back in a bobcat haircut style. Each strand of hair was perfectly smooth, a silver curtain of bleached-blonde either side of her face that framed an expression that was as feline and predatorily as the namesake of the haircut. She was fit in every imaginable way. Slim and curvaceous, she was not a spindle stick anorexic model whose ribs showed through her skin as if she were a bag of bones. When she inhaled, her plump breasts would rise and the hollow of her smooth stomach would draw in, showing the faintest outlines of her ribcage. Astonishing was the realization that she wore absolutely no makeup at all, which led Amber to wonder how much more stunning Maya would appear if she did. 

Some part of Amber felt the envy the other women so clearly displayed, a twinge of jealousy of how the model could have such a perfect – to be honest, FUCKABLE body when Amber herself worked hard enough to keep her own in shape. She's a model, you moron. Amber condoned herself. She does this for a living, she HAS to look good. Probably invested all her brain mass in her breasts, too. Those can't be real. Amber smirked. Those thoughts made her feel a tad better about herself. Yet, examining the body she was meant to sketch, Amber's mind wandered again.

She was mesmerized by the simple silver ring that pierced Maya's navel and although a distant part of her wondered if that must have hurt, another was picturing using her tongue to toy with the piercing before sliding it lower down to the warm space between the model's thighs. Giving an involuntary shudder, Amber blinked the thought away to focus on her drawing, when she noticed Maya gazing at her. That mere look caused Amber to shudder again – a grin that was somewhat lazy and easy, cool blue eyes partly narrowed as if appraising her. Amber felt almost tiny and small, as if she were being inspected under a giant-size magnifying glass and it was a feeling she wasn't entirely comfortable with, even though the fuzzy, tingly warm feeling in her tummy seemed to say otherwise. Ignoring the look Maya threw her way, Amber tried to focus on her drawing. Who cares is she got caught staring and fantasizing about the model? She had a painting to draw and to do so she had to ogle the blonde bitch with the perfect body. Amber soon found that the ogling didn't come as hard to do as the drawing.

It was the longest two hours of her life. And it also was the worst sketch she had ever drawn. As Maya hopped off the chair (the slightly heavy sway of her plump breasts as she landed on her feet did not escape Amber's attention) and headed to the changing room completely ignoring the discarded robe, the teacher tsked at Amber's sketch. He idly wondered why she didn't do better when she usually was one of the more talented artists of the group. Amber didn't know what to reply, her mind's eye was replaying Maya's confident and shameless nude walk to the changing room, hips and ass swaying to each step, when she felt two strong arms reach around her from behind, wrapping just beneath her chest. Patrick leaned heavily on Amber, forcing her to support him as he teased her in his usual annoying manner.

"Her picture is shit because her head is full of smut, Maya and any combination of both; am I wrong, darling?"

"Sod off, Patrick." Amber jibed back, though she could not suppress a grin of amusement as Patrick made himself heavier and heavier, leaning on her. "Cut it out, you aren't exactly light! Agh! Get off me, you big lech!" Amber could not help laughing as she disentangled herself from her old friend. 

"Well, it's either that, or you can't stand seeing someone more fit than yourself. If that's the case you have met your match, I am afraid." Patrick folded his arms across his chest and nodded sagely. Suddenly he grinned. He was cooking up a plan. "Hey, we are all going out for drinks, how about we ask her to come along? I figure she will be coming around regularly to take off her kit and pose for us, so we might as well get to know her better, eh?" 

Amber smiled. "Sure. Might as well; I wasn't thinking of doing anything worthwhile tonight anyway." Getting a chance to talk to Maya might also be interesting. It had been a while since she had been with someone and she certainly never had been with a woman as stunning as Maya. The look she had given Amber certainly was suggestive, so it wouldn't hurt to find out more about the uninhibited model.

Maya appeared after a short while, dressed down in ragged jeans, brown army boots, a halter top cropped short to show off her abdomen, and a denim jacket loosely draped over her shoulders to guard against the chill. Amber could not help noticing the model was not wearing a bra, her breasts firm and full stretching the fabric of her top and tenting it up ever so slightly around her nipples. This attention did not go unnoticed by the model who gave Amber a dark little smile, then pulled a cosmetic mirror from her purse, looking into it as she applied some lipstick on herself. 

Amber shuddered. It was pink. She could barely stand it. Everything about this woman screamed FUCK ME. The warm tingle in her tummy that had remained for the last 2 hours was becoming something far more damp between her thighs. Helpless, she watched Maya as the model pursed her lips and curled them into a teasing, seductive grin, liking the result of the lipstick on her mouth as she looked at herself in the small hand-sized mirror.

Patrick noticed Maya and started to approach her to ask her out for drinks, but before he could get a single word out, Maya had paced over to Amber and slipped an arm around her elbow. "Let's go then, shall we?" the model grinned, leading ahead and forcing Amber to follow, flustered, puzzled and with only enough time to throw Patrick a look of surprise that was reflected in his own expression. It was certainly hard enough to concentrate while having Maya so close by. Amber could not stop thinking about the fragrance of her hair or the soft touch of her hand around her arm.

"W-wait, go, what do you mean, 'go'? Go where?" Amber stammered. They had reached the parking lot when she got the words out, causing the model to pause and give Amber an smug look. 

"Why, your car, for now." Maya replied, the corner of her mouth turning up in a smug and confident grin. "You can drive somewhere, if you like, or we can fuck right here." The grin remained, those smoldering eyes narrowing into a piercing gaze. "Mm. Actually, the thought fucking you right now is making me dripping wet..." she purred, and without another word forced her lips against Amber's in a moist, hard kiss.

Amber's mind reeled, her eyes wide like saucers as the luscious model's lips met hers. For an instant she hesitated. Was this what she wanted? A fling? A one-night stand? Wasn't this the chance of getting laid like she had fantasized about for the last two hours? Her hesitation lasted only a moment and melted away with the touch of Maya's lips. Moaning into the kiss, Amber returned it, mouth opening slow against Maya's as she felt the model reach behind her head, pulling her fingers through Amber's hair and clenching tight a handful so she could force herself stronger against the other woman. 

The first touch of Maya's tongue was more then bliss; a silken, wet wash across her lips that coaxed Amber's own slick muscle to come out and play. Soon enough both oral muscles were tangled in a delightfully sensual coil, sharing touch and taste even if their lips did not touch. Amber released a quiet moan, feeling weak at her knees as Maya pushed up against her. The sensations of the confident woman thrusting one thigh between Amber's legs and the feeling of Maya's larger tits pushing and pillowing against her own were driving Amber crazy. She couldn't be doing this! Not in the parking lot, with her friends about to come out! 

Yet again, all thoughts about her friend were momentarily wiped out of her mind as Maya ground her thigh against Amber's crotch, mashing the fabric of her skirt against her cotton undergarments and forcing another groan from the woman. Grinning smugly, her pink lips glossy-wet with spittle, Maya pulled back from the kiss, her bottom lip linked to Amber's by a silver strand of saliva that snapped and fell across Amber's chin. 

"Dear, dear, dear... you want it BAD." Maya chided Amber and slid a hand down to the spot where her thigh met Amber's crotch. "Your pussy must be soaking wet... what sort of filth were you imagining while you stared at me in class, mm?" She cooed, wriggling her fingers to press against the cotton of Amber's panties, feeling the wet gash of her cunt snugly pressed against the flimsy, thin fabric. Amber shuddered and parted her lips with a low groan. A large stain had already formed, soaking the cotton damp. "Fuck-the-shit-out-of-me-in-the-parking-lot kind of filth, I am sure..." the model continued, pausing to lick the spittle off Amber's chin in a quick flick of her warm, pink tongue. 

Amber struggled to gain control of herself. Already she could feel Maya's fingers hooking into the side of her panties to pull them to one side, revealing her cunt, hard knuckles pressing against the tender, damp, fleshy opening. "I... no... g-god... what are you doing to me...?" she moaned. She could not think, but had to. A little ways behind she could hear the loud campy voice of Patrick and some other friends approaching. "Car... over there. Blue Sedan." There. At least she had tried. 

"Your car? But why, can't I can stuff my pretty fingers up your cunt right here...?" Maya teased her, and indeed did just that – Amber felt the tip of Maya's digit push into the tight embrace of her wet hole, and another fingertip beside it. Slowly, tortuously, both fingers slid in, forcing space into the tight area of Amber's fuckhole. 

Unable to contain herself, Amber felt a loud moan break free from her lips. Maya's dirty words burnt in her mind, fuelling the fire of her lust deeper and deeper. Already she felt the hot liquid trickle of arousal run down the inside of her thighs at the thought of Maya shamelessly fingering her in public. "Mm." The model purred, licking her lips like a hungry little whore. "What a sweet, tight, hot little pussy you have. Bet it tastes just as good." 

Both her fingers slipped out at the horny woman drew them into her mouth to suckle dry. She smeared some of the tangy taste onto Amber's lips, who found herself licking at Maya's fingers greedily, feeding off her own arousal. Maya chuckled and led the horny Amber off to her car, simply fishing the keys out of the woman's purse without even asking for them. 

"Get in." she told the trembling woman. "I'm going to show you what real fucking is all about." Maya flashed Amber a grin so sleazy it almost sent her over the edge. "Darling, please, we are in your car... feel free to finger-fuck yourself while I am driving. I would help, but I am afraid I must concentrate on the road." 

Amber felt herself melt into the passenger seat and for once, let someone else take control. Maya revved up the engine, pulled out of the parking lot and drove them both away.

*****

Amber's memory became a little hazy from then on. The orgy of lust and pleasure that ensued took her body to boundaries she did not even know she had. What made it even worse (or some might argue, better) was that after each act of unimaginable indecency, Maya would want even more. It was as if she had made it her personal quest to push Amber up to her limits and beyond, over and over again. 

Like a hell-spawned succubus with boundless lust and sexual hunger, Maya was absolutely, utterly, indescribably insatiable. It was only fortunate that Amber had the stamina to withstand such unending attention from the lusty model. Some distant part of her mind even found an odd humor in the fact that her gym workouts at last were paying off in something other than her looks. 

Amber's past partners had NEVER been anything near this... this... fierce. There certainly had been passion, there had been lust, but in a manner, it had all be somewhat controlled, by Amber herself. Most women had been content to let her take control of everything, and she had liked it quite well – it excited her to be in control of others pleasure and she had often been complimented that she was rather good in bed. "Rather good." It was almost funny. In comparison to Maya, she was an absolute amateur. The woman was like a drug to her; there could be no other reason why she would let her do such things to her, talk down to her in such a smutty way. Worst of all, Amber LOVED it. She felt filthy and out of control, and ironically for her, it was an immense turn-on. For once, somebody else was in charge, she could give up all responsibility and do whatever the fuck she wanted. It was an exhilarating and liberating experience and like Maya, she could not get enough. 
