 For me, most of the college experience was pretty lame. The university I attended was the best in the state, but I had no scholarship, and I was broke. My parents barely had a dime to their names, but they managed to scrape together enough cash for the first semester. After that, I was on my own. For four years, I worked two jobs. One as an RA in the dorms and the other as a waitress at a local diner. Whenever I wasn't working, I was studying. Molecular Biology wasn't the easiest major in the world and I had to keep my grades up. I had med school to think about. I couldn't waste all this time and end up at a sub-par med school. All in all, this led to a pretty sucky college experience, especially when it came to my sex life.

I grew up in a small farm town in Illinois where sex was really all there was for horny teenagers to do. I had a couple of boyfriends in high school, and every time we had sex, I felt some new sensation or discovered some new position or angle that would drive me absolutely crazy. Towards the end of senior year, I began fantasizing about what college would be like. I thought about all the smart, hunky college guys I was going to meet, and how fucking wild I was going to get. While my high school boyfriend and I were having sex, all I could think about was how different things would be when I got out of that town, all the different kinds of guys I was going to fuck, and all the new experiences I was going to have.

But alas, in my four years at university, I got laid twice, and one of those times was during freshman orientation, before the first semester even started. It wasn't that I couldn't get laid. I think most guys are into the pretty blonde farmgirl thing, and I've always thought I had an ass to kill for, but as soon as work and school started, I just didn't have the time to meet people. I was the first woman in my family to go to college, and I was smart. My family worked their asses off to give me this chance, and I couldn't bring myself to disappoint them.

My best friend Kara, on the other hand, was the complete opposite. Kara was a Film major which meant that her only homework involved watching movies, which she would usually only half pay attention to. The rest of her free time was spent fucking everyone she could get her hands on.

Kara was a grade-A slut, and she wasn't afraid to admit it. When a guy caught her eye, she would refuse to do anything else until she'd fucked him. That usually wasn't too difficult, because Kara was about five and a half feet of raw sex appeal, and she knew how to use every inch of it to her advantage. She had short, jet black hair, the legs of a goddess and the tits of a porn star. She always wore the most outrageous outfits -- impossibly tight, low-cut tops and the shortest skirts. Clothes weren't about fashion or utility for Kara. She wore whatever would get the biggest reaction out of guys. Whenever she was out at the club or walking around campus, she liked to imagine she was at a "man buffet", and whichever one she wanted, she could have.

The image always made me crack up.

I have no idea how I ended up best friends with Kara. We were roommates freshman year, and at first, we drove each other nuts. I found Kara's constant attention-seeking antics obnoxious, and my lack of sexual activity drove her up the wall. Sometimes, she would show up to the dorm with random guys while I was studying and then leave them there, like she was delivering a gift basket. Every time, I would have to explain to them that I wasn't really interested, and would ask them to leave, and that would get her even more worked up. One time, we got into a big fight about it.

"I don't get why you care so much", I said once we'd stopped screaming at each other. "I'm not like you. Why is it so important to you that I am?"

"It's just... I know this isn't what you want, Jen," she said. "College is supposed to be the one time in your life that you get to have fun and fool around and experiment, and you're not doing any of that." She got quiet for a minute, and then said, "I just think you're going to look back on this time and regret all of the dudes you didn't bang."

I laughed. "You know what? Fine. One day, I promise I'll make it all up to you. When all of this business is over and I finally have some free time, I promise I'll become a super slut and 'bang' all the guys I didn't during college." I was laughing, but Kara's face suddenly became really serious.

"Really? You promise?" she said.

"Yeah," I said, amused by her seriousness, "I promise."

After that, Kara cooled down. She would still introduce me to guys, and I would still turn them down, but she wasn't nearly as much of a crazy bitch about it anymore. The years went by, and whenever it was time to pick new roommates, for some crazy reason, Kara and I would put each other's' names down. Our senior year, we even moved into an apartment together, just off campus. It was a one-bedroom, shitty little studio apartment, with our beds on opposite sides of the one room, but it was nice to be out of the dorms, and I turned the kitchen area into a tiny office for myself, with a desk for my laptop and cardboard walls I could put up whenever Kara had guys over. There was even a little cardboard sliding door we made for the kitchen, for extra privacy.

By the time senior-year finals came around, I was completely burned out. I had maintained a perfect 4.0 GPA every semester, and I was exhausted. The morning that final grades came out, I ran to my laptop and nearly burst into tears. Straight A's. I had done it. I was finished. I didn't even know what to do with myself.

That evening was the most relaxed I'd ever been. Kara was out, but she texted me to congratulate me. "Get your PJ's on, and don't move," she said. "I'm bringing so much wine. We're going to celebrate." She wasn't kidding. She came in a few hours later with a case of wine, as well as three six packs of cheap beer. We put on some music, and sat on our beds, laughing and drinking and talking for hours. I couldn't believe how relaxed I was, and how good it felt to be free.

A few hours in, I was startled by a knock at the door. I glanced over to my alarm clock. It was almost midnight. Why the hell would someone be knocking at this time of night? Kara wasn't phased, though, and she bounced up off her bed and announced, "I'll get it!" She skipped over to the door and opened it up. I leaned forward on the bed to see who it was.

On the other side of the door were two guys. One of them was black and had glasses, a baby blue T-shirt, and sort of a nerdy look to him. The other was white, wore a pink polo shirt, and had biceps like tree trunks. Two thoughts flashed simultaneously through my mind. The first was: "What the hell are these guys doing knocking on my door?" The other was that they were both pretty cute. I was suddenly acutely aware that I was wearing very thin pajamas and no bra. Instinctively, I brought my arms to my chest. Kara stepped to the side.

"Jen, you remember Dustin and Jake?" she said. "Freshman year? Macro Econ?"

I stared at Kara, blinking. Macro Economics was the only class Kara and I ever took together, and she had been insufferable. She flirted with the professor, the other students, even the guest lecturers. She had tried to introduce me to a couple of people during that class, but I had been so embarrassed by her behavior that semester that I had just tried to ignore her. That being said, these guys did look a little familiar.

"Yeah! Yeah, that's right. Dustin and Jake. I remember," I said, lying slightly, "What, uh, what are you two..."

I was going to ask them what they were doing in our apartment, but Kara cut me off.

"Come on in, guys! There's some beer in the fridge if you want some. Jen and I were just talking about our college experiences. Weird that it's over now, right? I feel like there was just so much I didn't get to do." She pouted and plopped back down on the bed, pulling her knees up to her chest. Kara was wearing one of her old conquest's white button-down shirts, and if the two guys hadn't noticed she wasn't wearing any pants, they sure as hell did now. We didn't have any chairs, so Jake took a seat across from me on my bed, and Dustin went to go get a beer from the fridge.

An awkward moment of silence passed before Kara piped up.

"I was just saying that I feel like I did a lot of fun things over the past couple of years. Like, a lot of fun things, but I always felt like, I don't know, maybe I could have worked a little harder? Learned a little more? I don't know. Jen, what do you regret not doing?"

"I... what?" I stammered. What was this? Were we having a party I didn't know about? Why were these guys here?

"I definitely know what you're saying, Kara," said Dustin, coming back from the kitchen and opening his beer, "I feel like I wasted a lot of my time here. Four years feels like so long at the beginning, but it goes by so fast."

While Dustin talked about spending too much time playing video games and not enough time studying or going out, I was trying to figure out Kara's plan. Was she setting me up with one of these guys? Why were there two of them? They were definitely both cute, but she'd known for years I didn't go for this kind of crap. Why was she pulling this now?

There was another knock on the door.

"Kara..." I said, through my teeth, "What the fu-"

"Jake, honey, would you mind grabbing that, real quick?" interrupted Kara, pointing over to the door.

"Sure thing," said Jake, jogging over to the door.

Outside, there were three more guys. Kara jumped up and squealed.

"Oh! So glad you guys could make it! Come on in!" she said, excitedly. "Jen, you remember Dylan, Mike, and Daryl, right?"

Angrily, I got off the bed, and grabbed Kara by the wrist, pulling her into the walled-off kitchen. After sliding the cardboard door over the entrance, I whirled around to Kara.

"Kara, seriously. What in the actual fuck is going on here?" I whispered and as loudly as I thought I could get away with, "Why are there five random strangers in our fucking apartment? And why do you keep cutting me off when I ask what's going on?"

"Okay, Jen, first of all," Kara calmly replied, "they aren't strangers. I've introduced you to all of these guys at some point or another. Second, I didn't want you to scare them away because you're too afraid to fulfill your promise."

"Kara! What the fuck are you talking about? What promise?"

"You remember when you promised to fuck all of the guys you didn't fuck during college? Well, college is over, so it's time to make good."

I was shocked. I didn't even know what to say. I just stared at this girl who claimed to be my friend, who was now trying to set me up with five guys in one night. I tried to regain some of my composure.

"I never made any kind of promise like that, Kara, and even if I did, I didn't mean all of them in one night. I'm not going to go out there and just fuck five random guys. That's insane."

"Have you ever fucked five guys before, Jen? It is insane. Insanely good! You've never just wanted to be completely taken? To be surrounded by big, strong guys who just want to pleasure you and fill you up?"

I rolled my eyes, but it was mostly for show. I'm as straight as an arrow, but there is something about Kara's sexual energy that sends even me over the edge sometimes. I had told Kara once, under the influence of way too much box wine, that I sometimes fantasized about having sex with multiple men. She seemed to have remembered.

"I'm going to go back in there and tell them all to go home. I don't know what you told them I was going to do, but I'm not going to do it." I reached to slide the cardboard door away. As I touched it, Kara grabbed my hand.

"Why, Jen? You'll be moving away from here in a few weeks. Off to medical school, or whatever else, where you'll be miserable again for another four years! And then what? Residency? You never take any time for yourself! You're not going to be able to keep this up forever without having some fun along the way! Besides, you'll never see any of these guys again, and it's something you know you want to do. You wanted a sexual adventure, and now you can have one. There is nothing holding you back now, except for yourself." She paused and loosened up her grip on my hand, holding it. "And I'll be right there with you, the whole time. Trust me. I know these guys. They're great people, and they will be yours to do with whatever you want."

I paused, unsure. Maybe it was the wine or the newfound sense of freedom after finals or the fact that it had been a while since I had last had sex, but what Kara was saying was starting make a little bit of sense.

"Would they even want to? I mean, doesn't that kind of thing... you know, being naked around other guys put most men off?"

"Oh, honey," Kara said, "You should really look at yourself in a mirror one of these days. Every guy out there would blow all the others just to get a shot at you."

I thought about it a bit. Those men out there wanted me, and I could have them if I wanted. It was a simple and obvious thought, but for some reason it was starting to turn me on.

"It's just those five guys?" I asked, hesitantly.

"Just those five guys," Kara said, smiling.

There were seven guys in the apartment when we came back in.

One of the two new guys was shirtless and on top of my dresser, laughing at something Dylan had just done or said. The other one was leaning up against the far wall, between our two beds, drinking a beer and looking a little out of place. Kara pulled me over to him.

"Hey, Nick! Glad you could make it! You remember Jen?"

"Of course," he said, smiling. "You, uh, told me that you needed some help with your Calculus homework and brought me here to your dorm and, uh, locked me in. Alone. until Jen came by to free me." He took a sip of beer. I remembered the incident. I had been studying at the library, and I didn't come home for several hours. The guy had been relieved when I let him out.

"I was trying to set you two up!" Kara laughed, patting the two of us on the back. "Sorry about the way Jen just let you go like that. Tonight won't be like that, right Jen?" She winked at me.

I hesitated. This was crazy. Was I really going to do this? Kara had said there were only five guys, but now there were seven. How many did she invite? And did they all know what she intended?

"That's right," I said finally, giving her a glance. She smiled..

"I'll leave you two alone, then," she said. "I'm gonna go talk to Jake and Dylan. Just holler real loud if you need me."

As she walked away, Nick took a long sip from his beer, obviously trying to think of something to say. He didn't come up with anything. An awkward silence followed for a few moments before, finally, I piped up.

"So how do you know Kara?" I asked.

"Uh, we met at a party a couple of years ago," he said, hesitating and taking another sip of beer, "And we went out a couple of times."

I gave a forced smile. "Ah," I said. I had been friends with Kara for four years. I knew she didn't date. Kara didn't believe in boyfriends, only bootycalls. I wondered how many of the other guys here she had "sampled" before trying to set me up with them.

Another awkward silence. It was clear that Nick was a little nervous around me, and I had absolutely no idea what to say. Hey, so I know this is kind of random, since we don't know each other or anything, but I kinda wanted to fuck you and then also everyone else in the room. Is that cool with you? How the hell did Kara make this seem so easy?

Nick and I did eventually manage to make small-talk for a little while. We talked about how glad we were to be done with school and our plans for the future. I started talking about my plans for med school, and might have gotten a bit carried away, talking about where I was going, my specialization, and what classes I was planning on taking. Nick seemed really engaged at first, and as I got more relaxed, I forgot about what Jen had proposed in the kitchen, and I started looking at Nick's face. He had these deep hazel eyes that made me shiver when he looked right at me, and this side-parted hair that in my relaxed and tipsy state, I suddenly wanted to run my hands through real bad.

After a while of talking about my plans for med school, I suddenly noticed that Nick hadn't made eye contact with me for over a minute. Not only that, but I was the only person in the room talking. The room had gone almost completely silent. I stopped talking and slowly turned around. Much to my surprise, Kara was on her knees on her bed, her oversized button-down shirt (the only thing she had been wearing) now nowhere to be found. To her left was Jake, with whom she was passionately making out. To her right was Dylan. Both men had their pants around their ankles and Kara was stroking their exposed cocks.

The whole room was staring at them. My jaw was open. The only sounds were the moans coming from the threeway that was unfolding before us. I couldn't believe it. Kara had said that this night was all about me, and here she was stealing all of the attention away. That little whore! In that moment, I knew that if I didn't make a move right then, tonight would just be yet another night all about Kara, and I would be on the sidelines like usual. Fuck. That. I turned back around to Nick.

"Pants," I said, with an expression that told him I was dead serious, "Now."

Nick looked at me like a deer caught in headlights, his deep hazel eyes both nervous and extremely excited. He looked like he was about to say something, then shut his mouth and started fumbling with his belt. The second he had this pants unzipped, I grabbed them and pulled them down, along with his boxer briefs. His cock was already rock hard and standing straight at attention. Without hesitation, I got down on my knees, grabbed the base of his cock, and wrapped my lips around the head. I licked around his shaft and slowly started to take his cock into my mouth. Nick let out a shudder and a moan as I began to suck, moving his cock in and out of my mouth. I heard some of the guys behind me muttering. One of them laughed, but I didn't pay attention to what they were saying. Instead, with my mouth still on Nick's cock, I put my hands on his hips and used him to balance myself while I stuck out my ass to the rest of the group, as sexily as I could. I took my mouth off of Nick's cock and looked over my shoulder.

"What the hell are you guys waiting for?" I said, grinning.

For a moment, I was afraid nothing would happen, that all of the other guys would be too distracted by Kara to notice my invitation, but that fear didn't last long. Within seconds, I felt hands caressing my ass, my hips, and my legs. I didn't turn around to see who they were connected to or how many there were. I tried to keep eye contact with Nick as I continued to suck his cock, picking up the rhythm and sucking harder.

Nick was losing it. "Oh. Oh shit," he gasped. I slid my hands up under his shirt and ran my fingers along his strong, flexed abs. He was moaning uncontrollably now. He moved his hands to my head, running his fingers through my hair. I moved my left hand to his muscular ass and squeezed. I felt more hands on me now, one moving down towards my pussy and another moving under my shirt, heading for my breasts. Their warm hands on my body felt amazing, and the excitement of the situation sent me into a tizzy. I wouldn't have admitted it to Kara, but I had gotten totally wet the moment she mentioned the possibility of having sex with these men, and I was ready to do it. I felt something warm on my left cheek and glanced to that side without taking my mouth off of Nick. It was a cock, a rather large one, sticking through the crotch of a pair of unzipped jeans. I didn't even take the time to see whose it was. I grabbed it with my left hand and started jerking it while turning my eyes back to Nick. I moaned around Nick's cock as I sucked harder and faster. Nick let out a series of loud, quick gasps and his cock tensed. I braced myself to swallow his cum, but suddenly got a better idea. As Nick yelled out in that moment of ecstasy, I yanked his cock out of my mouth and jerked it. As I did, he shot of huge load of cum all over my face. The first stream hit my lips, the next, my nose and right cheek. Without hesitation, I immediately rotated on the floor toward the cock to my left and plunged my mouth onto it. The guys around me let out a cheer, shouting and whooping, but I didn't pay too much attention. I concentrated on working the cock in my mouth, licking and sucking and moaning.
