 "How about we play something different, this is getting kinda old," Oscar said, racking his pool cue as Sam sank the black ball yet again.

"Aww sick of losing?" Sam teased. "What else did you think you might want to lose at?"

"Geez, you guys are so damned competitive!" laughed Amber.

"US?" asked Sam incredulously, "What about you, miss "ooooooh don't miss that easy shot, talking all the time; going to put you off your game!"

Amber laughed, "So, what are we going to play then?"

"I dunno, something other than pool," Oscar said.

"Cards?" Sam suggested.

"What about a bit more pool ... strip pool?" Amber asked, surprising herself at how forward she was being, her pussy tingling at simply having suggested the game.

"What?!" Oscar started.

"Are you serious?" Sam asked, his eyes travelling up and down Amber's body, drinking in the way that her white tank top clung to her lithe frame, her pert breasts pressed against the fabric, the outline of her bra clearly visible through it. He surveyed the curve of her hip, her knee length fawn skirt sitting upon it deliciously, her sleek legs emerging from beneath it.

"Would I have even suggested it if I wasn't?" Amber asked, surveying Sam in return. She loved the way his jeans hugged his arse and she was sure that there was a bit of swelling in the cock area since she'd last looked. She longed to see the muscles that he was barely concealing beneath his black muscle shirt and the thought of his pecs all sweaty didn't help to contain the reaction her pussy was having. She turned to check out Oscar, knowing that his mind, like Sam's was now focussed on wondering what she would look like naked.

He looked awesome in his dark blue casual shirt and tan cargo pants. The curve of his calf turned her on, especially as he'd started waxing his legs since he'd started the cycling. "How nice would it be to have her own leg rubbing up against his", she thought to herself. She wondered how big his cock was as her eyes travelled back up to meet his, which she realised had been returning the favour.

"What the hell, the odds aren't exactly what I'd favour, but for a chance to see your stunning bod nekkid, I'm in," Sam laughed.

"Yeah, it would be better if there was another chick here to even the numbers out," lamented Oscar, "but at least the one that is here is drop dead gorgeous. I'm in. So what are the rules?" he asked. 

"Well, its like this," Amber told the two guys, "We each take two of the Kelli-pool balls from the container. Then, whenever one of your balls is potted, you have to take off an item of clothing. The person with one of their balls left on the table last then gets to nominate one of the others to take of another item of clothing. So the most you can lose each game is 3 bits of clothing and the least is 1. Other than that, its just like kelli pool. Simple enough for you two is it?"

"I think that I can work with that," Sam answered.

"Yeah, though it seems mean to have to make you strip off so quickly," laughed Oscar

"Well, I guess we'll just have to wait and see who it is that does all the losing of the clothes, won't we?" Amber retorted, bending to pull the balls out of the tray that they all ended up in, knowing that the two guys were now checking out her butt as she bent over. She pulled the balls from the tray and started racking them in the triangle, commenting that she liked handling the balls, almost as much as she liked having the cue glide through her hands. 

Both of the guys laughed, their cocks swelling at the obvious reference that Amber was making. While Amber racked the balls, Oscar grabbed the container with all the numbers in it and shook it, asking who was going to draw first.

"We should let Amber go first seeing that we out number her," Sam offered.

"Hey doesn't worry me, we'll all know that two balls are ours and the rest are maybe someone else's. Then again, I'm the only one that has to get used to having two balls of their own, so I will go first." She took the container from Oscar and tipped it up so that she could retrieve two of the small numbered balls. She looked at them to see which numbers she had. 4 and 6. Then she passed the container back to Oscar who selected the numbers 15 and 3.

On his turn, Sam pulled out 12 and 11. They each put the little balls face down on a ledge out of the way of the game and started to discuss who would break. In the end they settled for rock paper scissors and Oscar came up trumps, winning the break.

"Lucky you won something today," laughed Sam, upping the stakes from the start.

"Yeah, well we'll see whose arse gets bared first around here," Oscar retorted. He addressed the white ball at the top of the table and ran the cue through the vee formed with his thumb and forefinger, sending the ball crashing into the formation at the far end of the table. All three of them watched anxiously as the balls ricocheted off of each other and the cushions. Clunk. One ball dropped. Three sets of eyes scanned the table to try and determine which it was. 

Amber moved to the tray where the ball would end up, listening to the passage of the ball through the table's inner workings. 

"Fourteen," she called happily, knowing it wasn't hers and hoping that she'd get to see something come off one of the guys straight away.

"Not me," Sam said.

"Me either," replied Oscar.

"Poo," Amber said, laughing as Oscar lined up another shot, this time on the nine. They watched him take his shot, but it just missed the corner pocket, rebounding slightly to the left. Sam then lined up his shot, the 8 firmly in his sights from where the white ball had finished up. It dropped into the side pocket. He looked quizzically at his opponents, wondering. They both gave negative responses and he moved to line up the next ball, which happened to be the three. He dropped that one as well and Oscar moaned.

"Dude, I thought you wanted to get Amber naked, not me!"

"Yeah well obviously if I had a choice ..." Oscar kicked off one of his thongs.

"Right, one down, lots to go," he laughed. Amber called that one thong was a rip-off but quickly relented when she realised that that same tactic might be the only thing that kept her clothes on long enough to get the guy's clothes off. 

Sam lined up a shot on the four and missed. Amber felt her heart race as she watched the ball miss the side pocket, relieved that she hadn't had to start with the disrobing at this point. She surveyed the table, wondering which ball she should target. The 6 was in quite a good position, but she wasn't about to drop her won balls, so she lined up the one instead.

"Yay!" she called out as she dropped it into the corner pocket, only to discover that it didn't belong to either of the guys. She missed her next shot on the 13. 

Oscar took the cue from her and moved around to the other side of the table. Amber sighed, seeing that the 6 was in quite a good spot for him to have a go at. There were some easier shots, but he liked the look of the six, telling Sam that he had a feeling that as Amber had left it alone, that it must be her ball. He missed, but the ball stopped within an easy shot of dropping into the pocket.

"Hmm, what to do, sink the six or go for something else?" Sam, pondered aloud, watching for a sign of reaction from Amber to give away whether it was her ball or not. She kept her head though and he was left with no clue. "What the hell, I'll sink it just in case, after all, its not mine and I doubt it's Oscars. At least I don't have to get him any more nude than I have to! He sank the ball and Amber kicked off her thong quickly to the side of the room next to Oscars.

"I think we need to get him Oscar," she said as Sam lined up his next shot. Sam laughed and quietly lined up a shot on the 10. He missed.

Amber picked the cue up and again cast her eye over the options. There was the 12. Surely she could put that in. She ran the cue through her hand and watched as the white ball kissed the 12 on the perfect spot and sent it rolling into the pocket. Sam cursed and Amber and Oscar cheered as he bent to pull off one of his sneakers.

"Aww man, you've got the most clothes on!" Amber stated as she quickly did a count of what people were likely to be wearing. 

"What a shame," Sam replied, laughing. Amber looked over the table and took another shot, this time dropping the 11 nicely into a pocket.

"That sucks!" Sam said, removing his other shoe to hoots and hollers from Oscar and Amber. Amber thought about what to go for next and decided to try and play some mind games. She lined up the four, her one remaining ball and deliberately missed (a little relieved that she hadn't put it in by mistake).

Oscar took the cue from her and perused his options, deciding to go for the seven which he put in. Amber shook her head and Oscar lined up the 13. He missed. Amber on her turn spotted the 15 laying just near a pocket and put it away. Oscar groaned and kicked off his other thong.

"Woohoo!" Amber yelled," Now I get to make one of you take of extra clothes! The question is, do I use it to even Sam up, or do I Just work on getting Ossie nekkid?" She hesitated, looking from one to the other, wondering which way to go. "I reckon that we should work towards freeing willy Oscar, get something off!" Oscar started to undo the buttons on his shirt, and Amber casually watched, her eyes drinking in the sight of his chest as it gradually appeared with each button that was released. Eventually, he tossed his shirt aside, standing in only his shorts now. Amber surveyed the curves of his pecs and biceps, her insides going gooey at the thought of how they would look as he held himself over her and pounded his cock inside her. Well if things went the way that she planned, she'd find out soon enough.

"Rack em up Sam," Oscar called, breaking her reverie. Sam grabbed the balls and did exactly that as Amber grabbed the ball container and put all of their numbers back in ready for another round.

Amber lined up to break, working on the theory that given that she'd not missed at the end of the last game that she should get another go when the next game started. She slammed the white ball into the triangular formation, sending balls cascading about the table.

"Holy crap! Three in!" Oscar said, "Nice break, Amber." Amber smiled and all threee of them turned to see what the balls were that had dropped in.

"10, 12 and 6!" Sam said, straightening to look at his two competitors.

"Shit, 6 and 12 were both mine!" Amber said, kicking off her remaining thong.

"Well things are about to get interesting," Oscar said, winking at Amber. "What's coming off next, Ams? Skirt or top?"

Amber pondered her choices and then said smirking, "Neither". She wiggled her hands inside her skirt and shimmied her butt about a bit before pulling her skirt up at the back (where she knew the boys couldn't see) and slid her panties down her legs. She grabbed her white panties and put them aside, noting that the crotch was damp from her excitement. Her pussy was tingling and alive with the breath of air that she now felt between her legs under her skirt.

"Now that's dirty!" Sam said, laughing.

"Hey there's nothing in the rules about which order things have to come off in," Amber laughed in response. She returned her attention to the table and lined up the five, but missed.

Sam took his spot alongside the table, lined up the ball and dropped the one into a pocket only to discover that it didn't belong to anyone. He then potted the 15 without removing anyone's clothes before missing a shot on the 7.

Oscar in turn dropped the 13 to see Sam shake his head, no before missing on the 2. Amber went to walk around the table and discovered that Sam had lain down upon the floor so that she had to step over him.

"Perve!" she said to him, turning and going the other way around.

"Damn!" he laughed. "A guy's gotta try doesn't he?"

"Oh you can try, sweety, you can try," Amber laughed, sinking the 5.

"Well you're gonna have to try harder because that wasn't mine," Sam teased back.

"Nor mine," Oscar informed her. She lined up another shot and put the 7 away, starting to get really annoyed that she couldn't manage to pot one of the guy's balls. She then missed on the 13, leaving it hovering at the edge of the pocket. Sam put it away, but Oscar told him that it wasn't his. 

"Well, almost a 50/50 chance that the next one I sink is one of your's buddy," Sam laughed at Oscar as he took his shot, dropping the 11 into the pocket.

"Well that wasn't it, so now I guess it is 50/50" Oscar replied. Sam missed his next shot on the 8. Oscar took the cue from him, informing him that now the odds were with him, rather than with Sam. He sank the three.

"Shit," Sam said, discarding a sock.

"Heck, it was only fair that you started to catch up!" Amber said as she watched the two guys banter back and forth between shots.

Oscar was now left with an easy shot on the 14 which he put away, much to the disgust of Sam who let them know that that was his as well as he threw his second sock away.

"Now that's starting to look a bit better," Amber said, smiling.

"Yeah, but not as good as things are going to look when I get to choose someone, is it Amber?" Oscar said to her. Amber groaned, knowing that she had just been targeted for the additional garment that had to come off.

Amber pondered the next bit of clothing to come off. To her mind, she could either remover her tank-top and expose her bra, or remove her bra, which whilst it didn't reveal her directly would be sure to expose her to nipples through the thin fabric. She opted to peel her tank top off over her head.

"Man, now that is hot!" Sam said, his eyes travelling over every inch of the bare skin that had been revealed.

"You are so gorgeous," Oscar told her, his cock swelling against his shorts. Amber blushed under the attention and told the boys that they should be setting up the next game. They rushed to do her bidding and Amber again collected the number balls so that they could select them again.

Amber put her two balls aside ...6 and 14. Sam pulled out the 7 and the 13 and Oscar the 1 and the 3.

Oscar broke the balls following his successful completion of the last game, but failed to excite anything. Sam then took the cue from him and lined a shot up on the 12 which dropped neatly into the pocket. The white fell perfectly for the 3, but he ignored it seeing that it was his.

"Woooooo," Amber said, noting that he deliberately avoided that one. "Sam's go the threeee, Sam's got the threeeee!" He potted the 10 instead before missing on the 15 and passing the cue to Amber.

Amber lined up the 5 and dropped it into the pocket before sinking the two, both of which drew denials from the boys that the balls were theirs. She then missed the four before handing the cue to Oscar. Oscar shot at the one and deliberately missed it, hoping to send the other two off the scent early.

Sam then uncharacteristically missed the 6, much to Amber's relief, though she didn't let it show. Amber on her shot potted the 13, meaning that Sam had to remove an item of clothing.

Amber watched as Sam peeled off his muscle t-shirt, revealing his tightly toned chest. She could feel her nipples harden in response to the two guys now walking around with their gorgeous bods half exposed for her. She could hardly believe how wet her pussy was. Maybe she should have left her panties on after all!

Amber tore her gaze away from the naked flesh and focussed on her next shot, which saw her sink the number 7.

"Unbelievable!" Sam said as his second ball fell into the pocket. "It was only a couple of minutes ago that I'd only lost one shoe!".

"Never mind that, get your jeans off baby!" Amber crowed. Sam released the button on his jeans and slid the zipper down before sliding the denims down his legs, revealing a pair of black boxer shorts. Amber eyed him off eagerly, noting that there was a significant tenting effect happening around Sam's crotch area.

"Mmmm, hello big boy," Amber teased and laughed as Sam moved to adjust his cock in his boxers which were clearly failing to restrain his now erect cock as she rubbed her hands over her bra-clad breasts at him. She heard Oscar moan as well and picked up the cue to take her next shot, which dropped the 8.

"Man, am I hot or what?' she exclaimed as she followed that with the 15 in a corner pocket and followed it with the three.

"Crap!" Oscar said. He then removed his cargo shorts whilst Amber lavished attention on him, resulting in his cock being erect in a similar fashion to Sam's.

"Oooo, this is gettin' gooooooooood" Amber moaned. She licked her tongue along the edge of the cue and both boys moaned and retreated to opposite corners of the table, standing where their cocks were hidden from Amber.

She lined up her next shot, but missed. "Awww, crap, just one more would have done it!" she exclaimed.

"Well given that both of your balls remain on the table, is there any point continuing this game, or do we just let you take off an item of clothing and tell us who has to get naked for your winning the game?" Sam asked Amber as she moved to give the cue to Oscar.

"I reckon we'll just get on with the nuding!" laughed Amber. "And I pick Sam."

"Not until you take off the piece of clothing that you're supposed to," Sam retorted.

"Ok" and with that, Amber reached behind her back and released the clasp of her bra. With both of the guys watching her, she proceeded to hold the cups of the bra against her breasts with one hand and arm whilst using the other to seductively remove the shoulder straps from her sleek shoulders. Her pussy tingled in reaction to the attention and the sight of the guys' boxer shorts expanding significantly as she slowly allowed the bra to fall away and reveal her breasts. 

Both guys stood admiring her small, firm mounds with their pink, erect nipples capping off the perfection.

"So do they meet with your approval?" Amber asked, blushing.

"Hell yes!," Sam said. Oscar simply nodded. "Right, then get that cock out for me Sam."

Sam grabbed the waistband of his boxers in his hands and peeled his boxers down, his cock springing free and erect. Amber salivated as she eyed off his member. It was a good size, nice and thick, circumcised and, Amber noted, there was a drop of pre-cum on the tip.

"mmm, that looks awesome!" Amber said quietly. "You have a gorgeous cock. Now rack the balls up, we're not finished yet."

As Sam set about setting up the table again, Oscar grabbed the numbers and dropped them back into the container.

"Hey, what happens now? He's naked. There's nothing to punish him with if his ball gets potted." Oscar commented to Amber, his eyes struggling to tear themselves away from her breasts.

"Well that's when the person who pots his ball gets to tell him what to do!" she told him. "Though it has to be within reason."

"Fair enough, I just hope you're the one to pot his balls and not me," laughed Oscar.

They drew balls again, Amber getting the nine and the fourteen, Oscar the five and the ten and Sam the four and the eight.

Oscar took the ball to break and launched the white into the crisp formation at the other end. The 15 and the four went very close to dropping, but Oscar didn't manage to put any balls away. Sam took the cue from him and set about putting the 15 in the pocket. He then tried to repeat the move on the four, but missed.

"I love the way your cock goes soft when you concentrate on your shot," Amber teased him, which of course brought him back to instant hardness. He stuck his tongue out at her as he passed her the cue.

Amber lined up the six and Sam told her how cool it was to see her breast hanging over the table with her nipple almost brushing on the felt table top as she lined up her shot. She missed.
