 Four days after returning from their anniversary weekend away, Susie got a call from her mum, who was in tears.

"I've just received an Invoice from the doctor," she said, "Five and a half grand -- where am I gonna find that?"

"Bastard," said Susie, "leave it with me mum. I'll go round and see him tonight."

Susie waited till after nine and rang the clinic. The receptionist advised that Mr Grainger had a gap at five-thirty that she could slot Susie into, which Susie accepted.

Susie spent the day at work thinking about the evening ahead. She was struggling to concentrate on her work, leading her to make a number of mistakes and having to re-do things. As a journalist for the local rag she had always prided herself on her accuracy of spelling and good grammar, but she had just had her latest article returned to her for the second time by the assistant editor, Kathryn, for corrections to be made.

"Most unlike you," said Kathryn, "got your head in the clouds?"

"Sorry Kath," said Susie, "there's a lot going on at home at the moment. Could I push off early today and I'll make the time up tomorrow?"

Kathryn looked at Susie concernedly; over the five years they had worked together she had grown fond of the younger woman and treated her like a younger sister despite the fact that Kathryn was old enough to be Susie's mother.

"Sure," said Kathryn, "but whatever's going on, you need to sort it. I want you back here with your work brain on; we've got deadlines to meet and I haven't got time to keep checking the same article time and again."

"Thanks Kath," said Susie, "I'll get it sorted, I promise."

Susie tidied away the work on her desk, grabbed her jacket and left the building.

Driving home, Susie was thinking of the options available to her. She could threaten to expose Danny through the newspaper, ruin his reputation and probably get him struck off and have his licence taken away. Whilst this option was very appealing there was one major drawback; it would be likely that her sexual encounter with him would come out and that could spell the end of her marriage.

"Scratch that," thought Susie, as she pulled the car up outside her house. She had decided to confront Danny and find out why, despite their arrangement, he had sent the Invoice to her mum.

She went straight upstairs, undressed and had a quick shower. After drying herself, she opened her wardrobe to select an appropriate outfit. "Something to remind the dirty sod what he will be missing if he breaks our agreement," she thought to herself while checking what she had available,

She picked out a dark blue off-the-shoulder top that finished above her midriff, matched with a white mid-length skirt with a thigh high slit at the side. She picked out lacy white matching bra and knickers and put them on, followed by a pair of lacy white thigh high hold-ups before finishing her outfit with the top and skirt. She looked at herself in the mirror, smoothing out a crease in her skirt before putting on a blue pair of six-inch stilettos. She thought she looked hot and just hoped the doctor would feel the same way.

She started down the stairs, when she remembered her first "session" with Danny. Returning to her bedroom, she removed her panties and replaced them with one of her "granny" pairs; she couldn't afford to keep losing her nicest underwear to that pervert!

After she pulled up in the clinic car park, Susie checked her make-up in the mirror and re-applied some lippy. Satisfied, she exited the car and strode towards the entrance. As she entered, the receptionist smiled at her and told her to take a seat.

Time ticked by, half five came and went and it was now approaching ten to six. Susie approached the receptionist and asked if Mr Grainger knew she had arrived. The receptionist confirmed that she had advised him of her arrival and re-assured her that he would be able to see her shortly.

Just after five past six the receptionist advised Susie that she could go through. She approached the examination room and knocked on the door. "Come," came Danny's voice from the other side and she entered the room.

As she entered, Danny looked up from the paper-work in front of him to admire the sexily dressed woman walking towards him. "Looking good, Susie," he said, "now what is it I can do for you?"

While Susie had been intent on keeping her cool, the arrogance of the man facing her overcame her. "You bastard," she said, "you know exactly why I'm here. We have an arrangement and yet you've still sent my mum an Invoice!"

"Ahh," said Danny, "you mean we had an arrangement. As I recall, I made it quite clear to you that you are at my beck and call; if I say jump you ask how high. It seems to me that you broke our agreement when you failed to show up last weekend."

"But that was my wedding anniversary," blurted Susie, "I was over a hundred miles away. There was no way I could get back even if I tried."

"I know it was your anniversary, Susie. That's why I wanted to fuck you so badly that day."

"Look, my mum can't pay. I can't pay -- not cash anyway. Is there anyway we can put the arrangement back in place?" asked Susie as she adjusted her position, causing the split in her skirt to open slightly revealing the top of her thigh high hold ups. Danny's eyes were drawn to the display before him and he licked his lips.

Stroking his chin, he said "I suppose we can re-negotiate. As you broke the original agreement there has to be some sort of penalty for you." After some thought, he said, "These are my revised terms; take them or leave them. From now on you are my Martini girl -- any time, any place, any hole, you do anything I say. Plus, one additional sex session is added to the deal -- let's call it interest as you were late with your last payment."

Susie considered what had just been said. "One proviso," she said, "never in front of my husband."

"Wouldn't dream of it," said Danny, "I've got my reputation to think of -- wouldn't want any of this getting out."

"Okay," said Susie, "you've got a deal."

Danny pressed the intercom button on his desk. "Carmen, can you come through please?" he said.

Shortly after, the door opened and in walked the receptionist in what, Susie noticed for the first time was an extremely short uniform; the hem barely covered her crutch.

"Yes, Mr Grainger," she said, upon entering the room.

Danny looked at the young receptionist standing before him. "Carmen dear, you've been working very hard lately; I think it's time you had a little reward for your efforts. Go and lie down on the couch."

Carmen did as told and she spread her legs in readiness for whatever was to come. "Okay Susie, I want you to eat Carmen's pussy," said Danny.

"But I've never..."

Before Susie could finish what she was about to say, Danny interrupted, "I don't give a flying fuck what you have or haven't done before," he said, "do as I say or the deal is off."

Susie glared at Danny and then knelt between Carmen's spread thighs. She inched her face closer to Carmen's bare pussy and tentatively placed her lips against the moist lips of Carmen's vagina. She was hit by the warmth of the pussy before her as well as the pleasant smell. She gently poked her tongue out and delicately licked the folds of skin getting a slightly musty flavour not dissimilar from her own.

"On yes, Susie, lick me harder please," said Carmen in a husky tone, "that feels so good."

Danny had picked up his phone and was taking photos. "If you ever let me down again," he stated, "Flynn will be receiving these pictures of his lesbian wife."

"Bastard," muttered Susie before returning her mouth to Carmen's wanton pussy.

Carmen was moving her hips up and down with Susie's tongue, moaning and squeezing her breasts through her uniform.

"Stick your tongue in my hole and fuck me with it," pleaded Carmen.

Susie looked sideways at Danny, who nodded. Susie did as requested, causing Carmen to shudder.

"This is so fucking good!" exclaimed Carmen.

Susie, without saying so out loud, had to agree with Carmen; the delights of another woman's pussy was something she had never even imagined but the warm, moist delights spread before her were too good not to enjoy. She lapped inside Carmen's pussy, trying to stretch her tongue as far as possible into the wet hole and sucking the juices which were flowing to her mouth. She heard a zip being undone behind her and turned her head to look.

"Did I tell you to fucking stop?" asked Danny, "Get your mouth back on her cunt now and keep licking till she comes or I say otherwise."

Danny continued undressing and then undid Susie's skirt. Viewing the knickers, he said "You can keep that pair but in future I want you to be wearing sexy ones." He tugged them off her and said, "Right, now to sample he delights of that lovely arse of yours."

"What," exclaimed Susie, "not even Flynn has.."

Before she could finish, Danny said, "Oh good, an anal virgin. I will introduce you to the delights of anal sex."

Susie felt Danny's wet fingers wipe across her anus, he then got Carmen to suck his cock and lick the length of his shaft. Once he was satisfied that he was sufficiently wet he returned to Susie's rear, spat on her arsehole and pressed the tip of his cock against the small opening.

"Pull your arse cheeks apart, there's a good girl," he said, as he pressed forward with his cock.

Susie reached behind her and grabbed a cheek in each hand and pulled them as far apart as she could. "Oh my God, that hurts," she exclaimed as Danny got the tip of his cock into her back door.

Carmen could see the tears streaming down her face. "Let me try to help," she said, sliding under Susie's body until her mouth was level with Susie's pussy. Without hesitation she started to suck on Susie's labia and began to poke her tongue into Susie's pussy. "Nice," she said, "you taste quite peachy; I could drink your juices all day."

Danny had managed to get the first inch of his cock into Susie's tight arse; "God, if I didn't believe you before I certainly do now. You're far too tight to have ever had anything in here before -- you never even tried a butt plug?"

Susie didn't respond. She was concentrating on keeping her arse cheeks apart while enjoying the feeling of Carmen's tongue, which was doing wonders in taking her mind off of the pain in her rear. Danny was focused on squeezing his cock into the tight little opening before him; the effort was, in his mind, well worth it as his cock had not been in such a tight hole since forever. Danny grabbed Susie's buttocks and pulled them further apart than Susie had managed and with one huge thrust his cock was in, buried up to the hilt.

Susie screamed out in pain as Danny remained buried in her arse. He didn't move, letting her get used to the size of his cock inside her. Carmen redoubled her efforts on Susie's pussy and was now licking her clit ferociously, trying to increase her pleasure so that the feeling of pain was pushed to the back of her mind. With her hands now free, Susie fell forward and found her face centimetres above Carmen's deliciously wet opening. She lowered her mouth and began to explore Carmen's pussy once again; her tongue worked its way into the opening before it as if a regular visitor and she lapped at the juices flowing freely from Carmen's pussy. Carmen wrapped her legs around the back of Susie's neck, locking her head in position and occasionally pushing her head down firmer into her groin.

Seeing that Susie was fully enjoying her female 69, Danny started to slowly pump in and out of Susie's arse, starting with short strokes and increasing the amount he was pulling out and pushing in on a gradual basis until he was virtually fully withdrawing before re-entering the now gaping hole in Susie's rear. Now confidant that the opening would remain available, he withdrew his cock fully and fed it into Carmen's mouth for her to have a good long suck before returning it to Susie's waiting tush.

With Carmen's mouth returned to her clit and now enjoying the feeling of a cock in her arse, Susie was on cloud 9 or possibly cloud 69! She was enjoying the delights of Carmen's pussy and was now allowing her hands to explore Carmen's breasts, still covered by her uniform. Susie squeezed the delightful handfuls through the fabric causing Carmen to emit a low moan. Remembering her own experience, she located the nipples and gave them both a tug. Carmen thrust her face harder into Susie's pussy which had the effect of her nose pushing in between Susie's labia. "I love the smell of a woman on heat," thought Carmen, "everyone different but equally appealing." She continued to suck on Susie's clit while also trying to "nose-fuck" her, gasping for breath when necessary before continuing with her endeavours.

Danny was now rhythmically pounding Susie's arse and she was actually moving with him, urging him to plunder deeper territory as she pushed back onto his throbbing cock. He was amazed at the change in her attitude and, to a certain extent, disappointed that she now seemed to be enjoying herself. "This was meant to be a punishment," he thought as he ground harder into her trying to inflict pain. He raised his right hand and smacked down hard on to Susie's right buttock, leaving a red hand print on the skin. Susie didn't even flinch; she seemed to him oblivious to the pain he was trying to create. His re-doubled efforts to pierce her backside even deeper were now having an effect on him as he realised he had gone beyond the point of no return; his cum sprayed into Susie's arse, smattering her insides with what felt to him like a gallon of his seed. Exhausted he withdrew from her, giving her rear another hard smack before returning to his chair to recover his breath.

He was surprised that the girls were still at each other's crotch when he had finished.

"Okay, girls stop now. Time to lock up and go home." He said.

The two women reluctantly parted from each other. Carmen looked into Susie's oceanic blue eyes and smiled. "Thanks," she said, "that was really something."

Susie smiled. Although she had been a reluctant participant, she was discovering things about her sexuality that she would never have imagined. She was, however, determined to avoid sex with another woman again at all costs; the temptation of tasting pussy was too much, and she wanted to stay as faithful as she possibly could to Flynn. "Thanks for your help when it was really painful," she said.

"I remember the pain from my first time," responded Carmen, "that was Danny as well. He likes to blood anal virgins."

After replacing her knickers and skirt, Susie made her way out to the car park. As she crunched across the gravel, she heard footsteps behind her. Turning, she noticed Carmen was about five paces behind her and walking in exactly the same direction. Realising that there were only three cars left in the car park, Susie surmised that Carmen was heading for the pink Mini parked next to her motor; she couldn't imagine Danny driving that.

As she got her key out to unlock her car door, she felt two arms grab her by the sides and spin her around. She found herself looking into Carmen's emerald eyes. Carmen looked longingly at Susie, picked her up and placed her on the bonnet of her vehicle.

"What the fuck.." said Susie.

"I didn't get the chance to finish you off back there," said Carmen before lowering her head between Susie's parted thighs. She pulled Susie's knickers to the side and started licking and sucking at Susie's pussy.

Susie for her part initially tried to push Carmen off of her but she soon began to enjoy the delights of Carmen's tongue and as she relaxed more, she lay back on the bonnet of the car, exposing herself fully to Carmen's whims. Carmen was enjoying the delights of Susie's pussy again, she had never tasted one that was so sweet and the juices flowing into her mouth tasted like nectar. Time, however, was of the essence and so Carmen concentrated all of her effort on the aching clit before her; lapping at it and sucking it between her lips. Susie was struggling to suppress her cries of joy and she grabbed the back of Carmen's head and pulled it harder into her soaked pussy. As Carmen pressed her tongue hard against the clit and licked it firmly several times, Susie came and her juices flowed all over Carmen's face and soaked the top of her uniform.

"That was incredible," said Susie, as she slowly made her way off of the car bonnet. As she recovered her composure she caught sight of Danny out of the corner of her eye; the bastard had been taking photos again on his phone. "Did he put you up to this?" she asked.

"No way. Once I'm out of that building I'm my own woman. Sorry about him catching us though," said Carmen as she handed Susie a slip of paper. "Call me," she said as she walked to her car.

Susie got into her car, looked at the number scribbled on the scrap of paper and screwed it up. She was just about to toss it out of the window when something inside stopped her. She unravelled the paper, looked at it again and placed it in her handbag.

After Susie arrived home, she rushed up to her bedroom, lay on the bed and took out her phone. She opened up the internet and searched for lesbian porn. She looked at the various options and started watching one of two young women eating each other's pussies as her hand slid down between her thighs and she started rubbing herself.

Her pleasure was interrupted when she heard Flynn come through the front door; she quickly got up from the bed, switched her phone off and went downstairs to meet him.