 Thank you for all the notes on my first few stories. I really appreciate the comments and feedback. It has been a crazy time in the past year. This story is a bit of a catch up and the final chapter to the situation I have shared in my first few stories.

This story takes up where "Sunday is for Blowjobs" left off.




Sundays were never the same again after Keith shared me with Barry. From that point on we were never alone on Sunday; one of Keith's friends always joined us. A few more times it was Barry, but he also had other guys drop by, and as with Barry, I was expected to suck their dicks and let them fuck me.

Keith had told me he loved me the first day with Barry, but he never said it again.

Keith no longer took the time to pick an outfit for me. I came dressed for the day knowing what he expected, which was something sexy and revealing. Often his friend would get there before me and I would see the look of expectation in his eyes, as he looked me up and down before we were even introduced. On more than one occasion Keith and his buddy would have something planned for later in the night, without me, so I would end up going home first, alone, when they were done with me.

Over time I just became the entertainment for the day, with the men taking turns with me. I was starting to feel like I was not in a relationship at all. Several times Keith told me to go sit with his friend and "get acquainted," and I would end up on the other end of the couch from my supposed boyfriend, with my head in the lap of a perfect stranger giving him a blowjob, as Keith looked on. 

Once time his friend Ivan stripped me, lay me back on the couch and fucked me as Keith watched. I looked over and made eye contact with him as Ivan was kneeling between my legs, holding my knees apart with his hands and pumping his cock into me. Keith just smiled at me and then told Ivan, "don't make a mess of her, the day is still young. Cum in her mouth when you are ready." Then he took a drink of his beer. When Ivan was near climax he pulled me off the couch onto my knees and stuck his dick into my mouth and then ejaculated. As he held my head and shot his cum into my mouth, I again made eye contact with Keith. He just laughed and toasted me with his beer.

As much as I loved pleasing Keith and doing whatever he asked of me, I was starting to feel my love life with him had about run its course. We never went out on dates anymore and rarely even saw or spoke to each other except on Sunday. We never had sex without someone else being present and having a "turn" with me, usually before Keith.

So it was a very pleasant surprise when Keith called me on a Friday and told me he wanted to take me out to dinner on Saturday night.

"What should I wear," I asked, eager to please, as always.

"How about wearing that dress you wore to the horse races," he replied. I smiled at the memory as he told me he would pick me up around 6:00. Maybe there was hope for our relationship after all.

I was so excited to have some 1:1 time with my man. I spent most of Saturday getting myself ready for our date. I got my hair and nails done and got myself a Brazilian wax. I took extra time with my make-up and put on Keith's favorite lipstick, a bright pinkish-red color called, of all things, "Mistress." He tells me he loves to watch his cock sliding in and out between my lips when I wear it. I was certainly hoping to be obliging tonight.

Once all the pre-work was done, I slid into the aforementioned dress, with nothing-on underneath. If you remember from one of my earlier stories about our day at the races, the dress was a pale pink in color. The top part of the dress was a sheaf of cloth that tied around the neck. The cloth covered each of my large breasts, but the neckline plunged to my waist and my breasts were exposed on the sides. If I wasn't careful, the cloth would pull away and a tit would pop out. My back was completely bare down to the top of my butt. The bottom was tight around my ass and barely covered my private parts. Unless I consistently pulled the hem down, the bottom of my ass cheeks and my pussy peeked out for all to see...and Keith discouraged pulling the hem down. 

I am 5'7" tall, blond, with a curvy figure. While I am not thin, by any stretch, I am not fat either, just curvy in the normal curvy places. My most prominent feature is my over large breasts. In my normal life and at work, I wear conservative clothes that do not accentuate my chest, but when I am with Keith, he likes me to show them off. He has me dress in ways that are wildly inappropriate when we go out (and especially when we stay in).

I finished off the look with a pair of 3" pink heels and pair of large, gold hoop earrings.

Because of the sheer nature of the fabric and the fact I cannot wear a bra with this dress, my tits swing and bounce uncontrollably when I walk. I knew from experience that I would be drawing a lot of attention tonight. While I would be embarrassed and humiliated exposing myself like this, I knew I would also be extremely turned on by it. It seems when I mentally get to the point of knowing everyone looking at me thinks I am a whore, I actually become one.

I sat waiting for my date feeling massive fear, nervousness and extreme sexual excitement. My pussy was wet with anticipation.

Keith was at my door promptly at 6. When he saw me a huge smile crossed his face and he looked me over from head to toe. "Wow," he exclaimed. Then he pulled me in close; one of his hands on my ass pulling me into his stiffening cock and the other behind my head, pulling my lips up to him as he kissed me deeply. "Wow, to you too," I said, as our lips broke the kiss. 

"God, you look hot as hell," Keith said as he reached his hand inside my dress and fondled my breasts. He then pulled the fabric to the sides, exposing both my tits and began to gently pinch and rub my nipples. "How about you suck me off before we go out, so I don't have a boner all night." 

"Gee, you really know how to charm a girl," I said with a smile as I slid down to my knees and started working on his zipper.

"Not right here, baby, " he said, let me sit in your big chair while you blow me." He pulled his shoes off and then stepped out of his pants and underwear and sat down in my big stuffed chair and spread his legs. His cock was almost all the way hard. He held his cock in his hand and told me "get over here and do what you do best."

I was still on my knees. My breasts were hanging out the sides of my dress and swinging from side to side as I crawled over to him; my eyes glued to his beautiful cock.

"You wore me favorite lipstick" Keith said as I opened my mouth and took his dick between my willing lips. 

"I always want to please you," I said as I took his cock out of my mouth for a moment. I looked up at him and held eye contact as I sucked him in and out of my mouth while I cradled his balls with my fingers. 

"Mmm, I love your cock," I said. 

"And I love watching you when you get a cock in your mouth," he replied. "You suck cock better than any woman I have ever known."

A girl always loves a compliment and I am no exception. I love to give head and I am a good cocksucker and a compliment always gets me inspired to give an extra good performance.

I kissed his cockhead, licked his shaft and balls and just moved my head in and out, up and down, letting him enjoy watching his dick disappear between my painted lips. I had my forearms on his thighs as I pleasured him with my mouth only.

"Fuck, that feels so good," Keith, moaned. 

I felt him stiffening and his pre-cum was really lubricating my mouth, so I knew he was getting close. He started to thrust himself into my mouth as I sucked him.

I pulled off his cock for just a second and said, "Will you cum in my mouth?" I then slid my lips back around his pulsing cock and started to jack him off with my hand.

Even though I knew he had every intention of cumming in my mouth, men love to hear a girl say those words. Plus, I like to say them.

Keith reached down and grabbed my head and held it still as he began to ejaculate into my mouth. His helmet was just inside my lips as he filled my mouth with his sperm. I waited until he was done cumming before I swallowed it.

I always let Keith decide when the blowjob is done. I kept my mouth on his cock as it started to get soft. Keith pulled his dick out of my mouth and told me I was "amazing, as always." I smiled as I watched a little white bead of cum forming on his cockhead. I stuck out my tongue and licked it off. Keith took his hand and milked some more cum out and stuck his cock back in my mouth to clean it off.

Some of my lipstick had come off on Keith's cock. I told him I would get a cloth and wipe it off, but he insisted I leave it. He told me he would be proud to go out with my lip prints on his dick. 

"Awe, that's so sweet," I said. (I say the stupidest things sometimes).

I stood back up and tucked myself back into my dress while Keith put his pants on and zipped himself up. 

"Are you ready?" he said, as he opened the door for me. I pulled my hem down one last time and stepped into the night with my date.

You might be wondering why I am willing to dress like a slut, get down on my knees and suck dick on command, be called a great cocksucker and fuck people I don't know, just because I am told to. I guess the simple answer is because I choose to. I have learned that I am most happy in a relationship when I submit to my man and become what he wants me to be. I am not one who needs a lot of stroking or courting or what not. I like to be used for pleasure and I like to give pleasure. I dare say, even though being humiliated is uncomfortable in the moment, on a certain level; it is a huge turn-on for me. Keith pushes me way beyond my own boundaries and I willing submit to it for his pleasure and for mine.

I especially love to give head. I am most happy when I am on my knees with my mouth stretched open and filled with a big, hard cock. I am not much of a conversationalist and I know I am being enjoyed to the greatest possibility when I am sucking a dick. I love everything about giving head including having my man finish in my mouth. I particularly love having him finish in my mouth after he fucks me. Just pull out and finish in my mouth. I find it so erotic and personal.

We drove to a trendy; waterfront area of Miami called Coconut Grove. There are shops, restaurants and bars all along the shore. There is also a marina with several docks with boats of every size in the slips, most of them of the multi-million dollar variety. You can walk out on the docks and see the boats if you are so inclined. About half of the boats have people on them partying or just enjoying being on their boat.

We went to a popular restaurant, which is right on the water at the end of the dock. As we walked in, I could feel all eyes on me as we went to our table. My dress was way too short and my tits were bouncing unrestrained behind very thin material. Both the insides and the outsides of my tits were showing. I would be willing to bet if I was not with a date, I would be asked to leave as I surely looked like a hooker.

We ordered drinks, Keith a beer and me a vodka martini. I am not usually much of a drinker, but Keith assured me drinking a martini would make me feel less self-conscious. "Are you trying to get me drunk to take advantage of me?" I joked. He smiled and said "something like that."

We talked about our work and some other unimportant topics of conversation. Even through I was feeling a little buzz from the first martini, Keith insisted I have a second. He told me how hot I looked, and how all the guys in the bar couldn't take their eyes off me.

He was definitely right about the drinks. I was feeling a warm glow and with Keith's encouragement, was feeling sexy as hell. I got up to use the restroom and as I walked through the crowded bar with the stares and whistles, I hadn't a care how I looked. I even put a little extra swing in my step.

In the restroom I touched up my makeup and reapplied my lip-gloss. When I was walking back to our table some guy asked me if I needed some company later. I just smiled and said "no thanks."

When I got back to the table, Keith suggested we take a walk on the dock before dinner. I was up for anything and readily agreed. I did not even bother to pull my hem down when I got up, I just swung my hips as we walked out of the bar and out onto the dock. The alcohol really took away my inhibitions.

As we walked along the dock looking at the boats, Keith mentioned he had a friend with a boat on this dock and asked if I wanted to see if he was on board. "Sure" I slurred. "Do I know him?" I asked. "Not yet," Keith replied.

I was so horny from the alcohol and the atmosphere (mostly the alcohol). I wanted Keith's cock now, so I whispered in his ear asking if there was someplace we could go and I could suck his dick. He took my face in his hands and looked at me and laughed and said, "Hold that thought my sexy little slut. I will get you what you need very soon."

We got to this big boat; the kind they use for deep-sea fishing. It had a big deck in the back and a cabin inside what looked like smoked glass. You could see some lights inside, but not really see in. On top of the cabin was another deck, which was open. There was a ladder leading up to this deck, which looked like the place you drove the boat from.

Keith tapped on the door and said "Yo, anyone here?" 

A very handsome and well-built Cuban guy opened the door. "Hey Amigo," he said. "You made it. I was just having a drink and waiting for the guys to show up. You got here before everyone else."

Then he spotted me and his smile got even bigger. He looked at me, top to bottom and back again. "I have never had such a sexy woman on my boat before," he said. "My name is Jorge and it is my pleasure to make your acquaintance. Welcome aboard."

"This is Amber," Keith said. 

"Pleased to meet you," I said blushing as put out my hand to shake his.

Jorge moved in right past my outstretched hand and gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"Any friend of Keith is a good friend of mine," he said. I liked him immediately.

Jorge was about 35 years old, muscular, with a thin waist. He wore a black t-shirt, khaki pants and deck shoes. He was quick to smile and was obviously pretty well off, if this was indeed his boat.

The cabin had a circular couch and he invited us to sit down. He offered us a drink from his bar and Keith accepted a beer. I passed.

"Amber is feeling no pain," he told Jorge. "We had a couple drinks in the bar before walking out here. What she really wants right now is a dick. She wanted to suck me off out on the dock before we got here."

I could not believe just he said that, I was so embarrassed; I just looked down and blushed.

"Is that right," said Jorge, as he moved over beside me on the couch. Keith had been standing at the bar and came over and sat beside me on my other side.

Jorge reached his hand over and pulled my face up towards him. "You are so beautiful," he said with a smile.

"Thank you," I replied. He was so good looking and I was so horny. I wanted him.

Keith then reached around the back of my neck, pulled my hair aside and untied the top of my dress. The fabric fell down to my waist exposing my breasts.

"Whew, incredible," exclaimed Jorge as he reached over and lifted my right tit and began to fondle it. Keith did the same with my left tit. Jorge moved his mouth to my nipple as Keith took my left hand and set it on his crotch. I began to rub Keith's cock through his pants and as Jorge continued to feast on my tit, I moved my right hand to his crotch and began to rub him as well.

"She does want it, doesn't she," Jorge said to Keith. Jorge put his hand on my knee and began to slide it up my thigh. Keith took my other knee and pulled it towards him, pulling my legs apart.

Jorge got his hand up to my cunt and inserted a finger. He used his thumb to massage my clitoris. I was so turned on having two gorgeous men giving me attention. I spread my legs wide giving them free access to me.

Keith reached around my waist, grabbed my bunched up dress and pulled it off. I was now wearing only my heels.

Both men pulled their shirts off and began to unbuckle and unzip their pants. Jorge's cock was hard and sticking straight out. He sat back on the couch and put his hand on my head and guided my mouth down to it. I eagerly opened my mouth and allowed him to push his cock in.

At the same time Keith grabbed my hips and pulled my ass upwards towards him. Now I was kneeling on the couch with Jorge's cock in my mouth. I felt Keith guiding his cock into my pussy and then pushing his full length inside me.

Keith was fucking me from behind while I sucked Jorge's cock. I had never had sex with two men at the same time before. It had always been one at a time. 

At that moment, while I knew I was being used like a whore I was doing it willingly and was happy doing it. Keith held my ass and hips as he fucked me hard. Every so often he would smack my ass. My breasts were hanging down and bouncing with each thrust. Jorge held onto one of my tits with his left hand while his right hand held my hair and plunged my mouth up and down on his cock.

I was never great at deep throat, but maybe because of the angle or my buzz or just my desire to please, I was able to get Jorge's cock completely into my mouth. My lips were touching the base of this cock, which seem to drive Jorge crazy.

While Keith has always fucked me hard, tonight he was really pounding into me. "This what you wanted, Amber?" he grunted. "You wanted some cock, you got some cock, you little cum queen. You're going to get all the cock you can handle tonight." 

Maybe it was the alcohol, but I was feeling really good about the situation. I was the center of attention as two big, handsome men had their way with me. 

Jorge was thrusting up into my mouth as he used my hair to shove my mouth down onto his hard cock. He was fucking my mouth to the same rhythm Keith was fucking my from behind. I could taste him getting close.

Suddenly he arched his back and pushed into my mouth while he held my head down and started cumming. His cock was pushed to the back of my throat and all I could do was breath through my nose while he filled my eager mouth with this semen. I could not swallow with his cock in my throat and semen was running out of the side of my mouth and down his shaft.

At the moment he let go of my head, Keith pulled out of my pussy, came around to the front of me, pulled my head away from Jorge and toward him and pushed his cock into my mouth just as he started to shoot his cum. He also pushed his dick into me so far I could not swallow and his semen mixed with Jorge's running down my chin.

As he pulled his penis out of my lips and I swallowed the sperm still in my mouth, the door to the boat burst open and in came a bunch more men.

"Looks like the party has already started," I heard a voice I recognized say. 

"Right on time," Keith said, "Jorge and I got her warmed up."

"Guys, I want you to meet Amber, our guest of honor tonight," Keith said. "I believe some of you have already made her acquaintance.

I turned my face to look at the men who had just arrived. There were five of them. I recognized two of them from my Sunday's at Keith's house. I did know the other three.

"Hi," was all I could think to say. My mouth and chin were covered with the semen from Jorge and Keith, which the men could plainly see.

"Amber you look like you have been having fun," laughed a guy named Barry. Barry was the first person Keith had invited to his house to have sex with me. "

"Let me clean her up," said Keith as her turned my face back toward him and used his dick to squeegee the semen from my face, into my mouth. When he was done he told me to clean off Jorge's cock. I bent down and licked the cold semen off Jorge's now semi-erect penis and some off his stomach.
