 We kissed a few more times, our tongues knowing just how to elicit moans. Then, smilingly, we both got up from the chair and approached Erik. Untying the panties holding his wrists, we knelt on either side of the big office chair and mirrored each other's actions. I picked up his left hand, massaging his wrist and kissing his hand. I began tracing the outline of his hand with my tongue, sliding up and down the fingers, dwelling in the valleys between each one. I watched as Gina did the same with his right hand. Then I slipped his little finger into my mouth, sucking it and licking it slowly, closing my eyes and making love to his digit. I moved my mouth to each finger, treating each with a slow bath from my hungry mouth. Erik had relaxed against the back of the chair, enjoying the attention, almost purring. We both stood and took his hands, pulling him to his feet. We walked him over to the desk, helping him lie down and relax. My dress was again used as a pillow and our tall lover hung over the far edge, but he seemed comfortable. 

With his two women standing on either side of him, Erik just surrendered himself to us. As I stood there, I admired his lovely naked body. He was lightly tanned, with reddish-blonde hair. I often felt I would melt into his green eyes when they focused on me. His recently-grown moustache was full and soft and incredibly sexy, emphasizing the fullness and lushness of his mouth. He worked out regularly and had a nicely sculpted body, but not overly muscled. And there, standing straight up and begging for attention, was the most lovely cock I had seen in awhile. My fingers itched to touch it, I wanted to taste all the precome pouring from the head, but Gina silently shook her head and smiled. 

We started with his face, his beautiful face, and began kissing it all over. While she made love to his mouth, I was leaving butterfly kisses on his cheeks and eyelids. I nibbled his jaw and whispered in his ear, until it was my turn to be lost in his hot mouth. I loved kissing and Erik was so wonderful at it. We often spent hours kissing and touching, enjoying the sensation of lips and tongues.

We didn't speak, but watched each other as we made love to Erik. We moved slowly down his body, stopping to suck and nibble his nipples until he almost lost control. He reached for his cock a few times, but Gina reminded him what would happen if he touched. Soon, we were doing our own thing, moving down his body doing whatever came to mind. But we both seemed to agree that we would not touch his cock yet. Our mouths moved down his tummy, our tongues just edging his curlies, across his tummy and down his groin. I love the scent of curlies and his were extremely delicious. I wanted to bury my nose in them and just inhale, but, again, Gina stopped me. We spread his legs and massaged his soft inner thighs, our hands and tongues busily moving over him. We didn't miss a spot, left no flesh unloved. All that remained was his throbbing cock, all red and hard and wet. 

Without speaking, Gina and I bent over him, our mouths hungrily licking his hot dick. Our lips moved up and down the shaft, feeling the distended veins and the smooth heat of our lover. As we approached the head of his cock, our lips touched, and I felt a jolt of desire. Did it get better than this, making love to a magnificent cock while kissing my new lover? We became playful, kissing around the velvety head, making Erik moan in excitement while we also enjoyed each other. His hand circled my hips, his palm on my tight ass. I looked at Gina, wondering if this was against the "no touching" rule, but I noticed his other arm wrapped tightly around her hips.

I moved down his body until my mouth was directly over his cock, noticing Gina taking the same steps. Now his nimble fingers could reach my aching pussy. As soon as I felt him invade me, I thrust my hips against his hand. His fingers ran up and down my hungry slit, making it more engorged, my hard clit pushing against his skin, my hips wriggling. The entire time, my mouth continued to explore and make love to his cock, slurping and licking and sucking. I moved down to his heavy balls, sucking one into my mouth, looking up to see Gina right there, with the other one in her mouth. God, that was sexy too. Again, we playfully licked his balls and kissed each other, our tongues entangled as we made love to Erik. In our enthusiasm for kissing each other, we neglected poor Erik again. We were leaning against the desk, kissing and touching, playing with nipples that seemed to get harder and longer with each touch. Erik slid out from under us and moved to a chair to watch us again. 

Gina and I climbed onto the desk, lying beside each other, our bodies pressed together, our legs intertwined. I felt her muscular thigh between my legs and I began to ride it, moaning and begging her to help me. My pussy lips were so swollen by now that my clit was rubbing directly on her skin, and getting lots of stimulation. I could feel myself building to orgasm, and I quickly pressed my thigh against her soft curlies. I could feel her slick wetness rubbing against me as we both continued to kiss and press our aching bodies together, our need overwhelming us. 

Our mouths were opened and our tongues were playing madly when I felt the heat spreading through my body. I kept saying her name, while riding her thigh faster and faster. I could hear how my wet pussy was rubbing her skin, making that delightfully sexy noise like no other. I could smell her pussy as she worked it on my leg. Suddenly, I was coming and holding her and calling her name, as she called mine. I could feel her cunt twitching against me, throbbing with her orgasm, even as mine encompassed me. As the rush passed, our kisses became slower and sweeter and softer, and we relaxed in each other's arms. It was then I noticed we had lost our boy. I lifted my head and looked around, finding Erik stretched out on the sofa, enjoying our pleasure. His cock had become even harder, if that was possible. He beckoned us.

He invited Gina to sit on his face so he could taste her juicy cunt. I settled quite happily on his hard cock. Gina and I held hands and kissed as we enjoyed the various sensations. I knew Erik had the greatest tongue and knew just how to lick a lady to make her squirm with pleasure. For my part, I was sliding up and down his wet cock, feeling the heat as it throbbed deeply inside my pink. I could feel Erik growing even longer, harder and I knew his orgasm was near. I continued to ride him, moving up and down, back and forth. Sometimes, I would stop moving altogether and just clench my muscles against his hardness. Gina was close to coming, I could recognize it now. Her eyes were glittering and her hands held mine in a tight grip, her moans low and from deep within her throat. I felt Erik explode inside me, filling me with come and I leaned into a deep kiss with Gina, massaging her nipples as she came on Erik's tongue, her liquids gushing from her. I could hear Erik drinking down all her juices, sighing and moaning as he did. Gina moved off of his face and I immediately leaned down to lick his face clean and share the taste of Gina. 

To Be Continued...