 Immediately, a picture of Layla, my girlfriend, came into my mind... she was kneeling, naked, and sucking Chris' cock... She and I had already discussed the possibility of including a third person, and what it might look like if it was a guy... 

"You mind if my girlfriend joins us?" I asked. They both shook their heads enthusiastically, smiling. "I've got an idea... Let me make a quick call," I said, digging my phone out of my jeans. 

"Hello, baby," I said quietly when Layla picked up. "Yeah, I know I've been gone awhile... Yeah, everything's fine-- Uh, listen... I'm still at the quick market... Uh, do you remember-- you said that if I ever had gay sex, then you wanted to watch? Well, how about if I bring a couple of guys home with me right now? Ha-ha... yeah, they're really hot... Yes, I'm serious... Now... in a few minutes... Okay? Cool... 'bye." 

Both Perry and Chris were smiling broadly now, with looks of amazement on their faces, too. 

"Does that sound okay?" I said. 

"No fear," said Perry. 

We got cleaned up as best we could with a few towels and wet-wipes before getting dressed; I got in my car and they followed in Perry's van. I realized that I could hardly wait until we were all together-- I wanted to watch Layla going nucking futs with these two... and to have her watch me doing the same... 

We were at my apartment in less than five minutes. Layla was sitting on the couch in jeans and a midriff t-shirt, watching TV when we walked in the front door, and she stood up to greet us, giving me a quick peck on the lips. She looked drop-dead gorgeous, with short, flaming red hair against pale skin, full breasts with nipples showing through the thin, short t-shirt, a narrow waist above a round ass and long legs inside painted-on jeans. On top of that, she knew she was hot, and every movement showed it off. 

"Layla, this is Perry and Chris; Perry... Chris... Layla..." 

"Layla, I am blown away... God, you're hot!" Perry said, holding onto her hand as he looked into her eyes. 

She broke into a big smile. "It's always nice to be appreciated," she said, her voice low and husky. 

"Hello, Chris," she said, turning to hold his hand. "What beautiful people you two are... I'm very pleased to meet you... Why don't you guys find a seat?" 

As we sat scattered around the room, Layla asked us if we'd like anything to drink. 

"Sure," said Perry, "but can I use your shower real quick first? It's been a long, hot day..." 

"Yeah, me too," Chris added. "I feel really sticky..." 

Layla laughed, picking up what hadn't actually been said. 

"You go with them, Don, and show them where everything is. I'll get the drinks and stuff ready... Take your time..." 

I was glad we had a fairly large bathroom, although the three of us still had to take turns in the shower, Perry and then me going first. He dried me off, his hands busy most of the time, more caressing than drying. Then, as my hand closed around his cock, a powerful rush went through me and I moaned, dropping to my knees and sucking him into my mouth. 

"Ohhhhhh... daddy likes to suck cock, doesn't he?" Perry said quietly. "Does mama like to suck cock, too?" 

I moaned again, suddenly picturing Layla with this cock in her mouth: In the fantasy, she's here with us, naked; I'm right next to her as she sucks and moans, stroking and pumping the base of Perry's cock... then she lets him go, pulls me forward and touches my lips with the wet head. I suck it hungrily into my mouth, one hand on Perry's round ass, the other around his cock. 

"I didn't know you were a cock-slut, too..." Layla whispers in my ear, her hand closing around my cock. 

Then I was back in the real world, Perry's magic cock still sliding over my lips and tongue. I was moaning and sucking devotedly, but Perry had started to pull out of my mouth. I released him and looked up, just as he knelt right in front of me and kissed me, his tongue sliding into my open mouth and making long, slow excursions inside. When we ended the kiss, he put his hands under my arms and we stood to our feet; then he put his arms around me and kissed me again. 

When he released me this time, we were both panting, cocks hard. 

"Maybe we ought to... get dry... and go on out," he said gently. "That is why we came, isn't it?" 

"S-Sorry," I said, looking down. "I-- I guess I was just too much into your cock..." 

"Well don't ever let that happen again!" Perry chuckled. "Only 37 percent cocksucking enjoyment allowed here..." 

Just then Chris got out of the shower, and each of us stepped up to him with a towel. We worked from his chest and shoulders down, moving the towels softly, making him moan. 

"Layla is incredibly hot," said Chris, as I slid a towel up between his thighs. "Is she just going to watch, or what?" 

"I don't know," I confessed. "We've never done this before, so let's play it by ear, okay? I only know that she wants to watch us, so let's start that way." 

"Is it okay with you if we fuck her?" Chris asked. 

"It's okay with me if it's okay with her," I answered. 

'I hope it happens,' I thought. 'Watching her get off while she's being fucked by both of them would be unbelievably hot...' 

I gave them each a bathrobe, and we went back to the living room. Layla was sitting on the couch with a large tray beside her that held a bottle of wine, four glasses, a couple of joints and three different kinds of sex lube on it. We all laughed when we saw the lube. 

"Just making sure you have everything you need," she laughed. "Come on, follow me." I grabbed the tray and we walked down the hall to the bedroom. 

Our king size bed was against the far wall, and the three of us sat cross-legged on it; I set the tray down on the chest at the foot. She handed us each a glass of cabernet, lit a joint and sat on the chest with her own wine glass. She handed the joint to Chris, who was closest to her, then told us she was going to shower, too, and got up and left. 

We looked at each other and smiled-- it looked like she intended to do more than just watch... After we'd passed the joint around several times, Perry looked at me. 

"Should we wait for her to come back, or...?" 

He reached over, slid one hand into my robe and started stroking my cock. 

"Well, I think we should wait," I answered, acting like I didn't notice what he was doing. "She'll probably be more relaxed if she feels like she's in control-- at least at first... Don't you think so?" 

"Just at first?" Chris asked, eyebrows raised. 

"Yeah," I said. "Just at first... Once she has a chance to loosen up, she even likes being cuffed... Almost anything's okay once she gets hot..." 

Perry's warm, stroking hand became more insistent. 

"I don't think she'll care if we start," Perry said quietly. 

Layla walked in just then, apparently not noticing where Perry's hand was. 

She was barefoot with hips swaying, wearing a dark green silk robe that came a few inches above her knees; I could see the nipples of her full breasts standing out through the thin material, but then my eyes went to her slim, muscled thighs. She smiled at us and walked over to a loveseat a few feet from the bed, sitting demurely on one end of it with her legs crossed, the robe covering little of her smooth thighs. 

The weed we'd smoked a few minutes before was a creeper-- it was just beginning to really hit me when she walked in, and I was suddenly burning with lust. My gaze went from her to Perry, then Chris, not knowing where to begin. 

"It was nice of you to wait for me," she said, "but I'd have liked it if you'd started without me just as well..." 

"We sort of did both..." I said, "but... oh, well... Anyway, why don't you be the mistress of ceremonies," I said. "You know-- the director... But first, come over here and smoke some of this... We're 'way ahead of you there..." 

Layla got up and sat on the chest again as I re-lit the mostly-smoked joint for her. She took several hits before setting it down, then looked at me with a smirk. 

"First of all, as director, I want to see you suck cock," she said. "But before that, all of you get naked." 

She stayed sitting on the trunk as the three of us quickly removed the robes; we were all hard. 

"Oh, my God!" Layla exclaimed when she saw Chris' cock, then put her hand over her mouth, blushing. 

"Do you like it?" he asked softly, leaning back a little to show it better. 

She nodded, eyes wide, still blushing and speechless. Chris slid down to the end of the bed close to her, taking her hand and putting it on the long, thick shaft. She stared, obviously fascinated, and started to stroke it slowly. 

"Maybe you'd like to be the first to suck a cock, Layla," Chris said quietly. 

Layla's gaze remained fixed on Chris' cock. "Yeah..." she whispered, leaning forward, moaning softly as her lips touched the big purple head. They opened and she sucked several inches into her mouth before she released it, panting, face flushed; she began running her lips and tongue up and down the underside, stroking the base with her hand. As if on cue, the three of us got off the bed, Perry and I standing on either side of Chris; Layla held on to Chris' cock as we moved, eyes fixed on it. Perry and I were within a foot of Layla when she put the head of Chris' cock back in her mouth. 

Then, with a much louder moan, Layla slid off the chest and dropped to her knees, wrapped one hand around Perry's cock and sucked it to the back of her throat, continuing to whimper and moan, her other hand still on Chris' massive shaft. She looked up at both Chris and Perry as she worked, then looked over at me, releasing Perry's cock and moving over to me, breathing hard. She kept a hand around Chris' cock, looking at me as she licked my cock's underside, then closing her eyes as her mouth slid down over the shaft. 

Layla was still on her knees, and Perry moved quickly behind her, running a hand up her thigh to her cunt, making her groan aloud around my cock. He flipped her robe up over her ass and thrust his cock all the way into her cunt in one move, both hands holding her waist. She gasped, half-screaming, releasing me, looking back and pushing herself onto Perry's cock. 

"Ohhhhhh... ohhhhhhh... you sneaky motherfucker!" she turned her head back to taunt Perry while twisting on his shaft, then looked up at me. "Don... baby... look... He-- he's fucking me, baby! I've got this guy's cock 'way up in my cunt, baby... ohhhhhhhhh... And I love it, baby-- I love it... I've never been so hot... Ohhhhhhh... it feels so gooood... and it feels so nasty, baby... for you to watch me... and I love how you're starin' at me... Just watch this big hard cock fucking me... watch me while I squirm around on it and moan, baby... How do you like watchinmmmurgh..." 

I put my cock back in her mouth, her words ending in a gurgling moan. One of her hands came up to stroke the base while the other cupped my asscheek, pulling me further into her throat. She whimpered, twisting on Perry's cock as he thrust deep into her. 

I looked over at Chris stroking his own cock. 

"Hey, slut-baby," I said quietly to Layla. She looked up at me as she kept sucking, eyes rolling back in her head with every thrust of Perry's cock. "I think Chris feels left out. Why don't you work on him for awhile?" 

She didn't look up this time-- she just turned, wrapped both hands around Chris' long shaft and began to suck, lick, and stroke, whimpering and moaning as she squirmed on Perry's. 

"Ohhhh... ohhhhhh... I'm gonna commme... ohhhhahhhhhhhh... ohhhmmmmm!" Layla squealed around Chris' cock... 

Finally, she had to let Chris' cockhead go, her hips bucking as Perry drove deep into her, making slapping noises against her full, round ass. Her moans turned to gasps and screams as her climax peaked, then peaked again, finally letting her down slowly on the other side. She kept licking Chris' cock, sliding her mouth up and down the shaft, sucking air the whole time. 

"You wanna see Chris fuck her?" Perry asked me as he kept thrusting slowly into Layla; she kept squirming. "I'd like to see that..." 

I chuckled. "Yeah... I know she wants to feel that thing inside her... Go on, Chris... your turn..." 

Chris got up at once, getting behind Layla as soon as Perry pulled out. Holding her head with both hands, I knelt and put my cock against her lips. She sucked it in again, whimpering loudly, clinging tightly to my waist as Chris began to work his huge cockhead into her cunt. She moaned and gasped, but kept sucking my cock as he thrust into her bit by bit, further and further. With about three inches to go, he stopped. 

"You okay, Layla? How's it feelin'?" 

Instead of letting my cock go to answer him, she reached back with both hands and grabbed onto his hips, pulling him the rest of the way into her as she did a slow twist on it, groaning deep and low. Then, as her asscheeks began to flatten against Chris' stomach, she let my cock go and looked back at him. 

"Ohhhhhh, Chris... ohhhh, baby... you are beyond belief... ohhhh... so deeeeep... so far up inside... so fucking big..." 

Then she looked up at me. "Look in my eyes, baby-- see how much I luhhhhv this big cock that's fuckin' me... ohhhhhhh... Did you know that your wife is a cock-slut, baby? She's always been a cock-slut... You didn't know that, did you? Ohhhhh... I never told you... ohhhhhhhh... 

"I've been a cock-slut in my head... ohhhhhh, Chris... ohhhhhhh... for years... never got to do this... ohhhhhhh... too chicken... ohhhhhhhh... and I neeed to suck your cock now, Don... Is it still okay if I suck you? Now that you know I'm a cock-slut? Ohhhhhhh... I really neeed to suck you right now... I need you, baby... ohhhhhmmmm..." 

Without waiting for an answer, she sucked me in, moaning and squirming on Chris' cock. Perry was suddenly standing next to me, his hard cock touching my lips. I reached up and wrapped my hand around it, sucking the head, slowly lashing it with my tongue, the other hand in Layla's short red hair as her lips and tongue pulled on my throbbing cock. By the time his warm salty shaft slid to the back of my throat, I was coming in an orgasmic supernova inside Layla's moaning, wildly sucking mouth. 

"My turn," Perry said as soon as I slid from Layla's mouth, strings of come stretching between us. "She still needs a cock to suck on..." 

He knelt next to me and I moved aside. As soon as Layla saw Perry's hard cock she reached out and grabbed it, pulling him closer. 

"You're right... I need to suck this beautiful thing, baby," she said, looking up at him. "...and to feel all of this..." She ran her other hand lightly up his six-pack and onto his chest, then sucked his cock into her mouth, still writhing on Chris' slowly pumping monster. 

Layla looked over at me while sucking Perry's cock. When she knew she had my attention, she pulled it into her throat, closing her eyes as her face pressed into his stomach. She held him up against her like that as she began to buck and twist on Chris' cock, gradually accelerating her movements. Eventually, she reached back with both hands and held onto his hips, pulling him into her as deep as he could go. 

Then the dam broke, and she let go of Perry, gasping for air as he slid out of her throat and mouth. She went wild on Chris' cock, whimpering, gasping and pushing back hard against him; he held her by the waist, driving it deep. Her small noises changed into a low-pitched howl as her body bucked, her head whipping back and forth from side to side. She kept squirming and moaning for half a minute or so, eyes closed... At last she relaxed, though she kept breathing lung-fulls of air; then she crawled forward, off of Chris' still-hard shaft, and got up on the bed, falling back on the pillows against the wall. 

"Come lie here beside me, Don," she said. "Kiss me and tell me you still love me..." 

I immediately got next to her and pulled her tight against me, shoving my tongue into her mouth as my cock stiffened and pressed into her soft belly. 

"I love you so much, Layla," I whispered in her ear. "Even more now... You and I are alike, baby... You'll see..." 

Chris and Perry were staring at us. "Ewww... Get a room!" Chris said, laughing. Layla and I both blushed and sat up; I picked up the tray on the trunk, setting it in the middle of the bed, motioning for them to join us. We all sat cross-legged around it, drinking more wine as we passed another joint. 

"Soooo-- how did all this get started?" Layla asked, looking around at us, grinning. 

"It's all his fault," I said, pointing to Perry as all of us laughed. "I was just waitin' for the car to fill up, minding my own business, when Perry gets out of his van and stands there with no shirt, pumpin' gas... I start staring at him without realizing it... then he walks over to me, puts his hand on my ass and asks me to get in his van. We get high and naked..." 

"Show me what happened," Layla said, her voice low and husky. 

Perry extended his hand to me. "My name's Perry," he said. 

"Don," I said, shaking his hand as he reached out with the other to caress mine. 

He looked over at Layla. "You got some good groove music?" he asked. "That was part of it, too... and some incense..." 

Layla nodded, got up, turned on the stereo and lit a stick of sandalwood, all eyes following her; Perry kept holding onto my hand. The pulsing beat of a Fleetwood Mac song filled the room as she sat back down. 

"I forgot about music... I guess I was too excited," she giggled. "Keep goin..." 

"Then I got him to lie down next to me," Perry continued, "and I started to touch him... like this..." 

We lay down beside each other. He faced me on his side, leaned over and kissed me quickly on the mouth and began running his hand over me, eventually putting it around my very hard cock and stroking it. 

"Then I put his hand on my cock..." Perry grasped my wrist and put my hand on his cock; I started stroking it like I'd done in the van. "He said he'd only touched one other one in his life..." 

He began kissing my chest and my stomach, working his way down. Before he got to my cock, though, he got on his knees between my thighs, looking up at Layla as his mouth slid down over it. I moaned. She licked her lips as she stared at him. 

"Your turn, Don," he said after a few seconds, lying back down next to me. 

I started like I had in the van, kissing his chest and stomach, moving more slowly as I approached the goal, easily finding myself back in that place between fearful guilt and overwhelming desire. He finally put both hands on my head and gently pushed my mouth onto the shiny purple head of his hard cock. I moaned loudly, filled with lust, sucking it in as far as I could, the rushes from my lips, tongue and everything his cock touched shooting through my body. I held the base with one hand as I moved to kneel between his legs, keeping the delicious shaft in my mouth the whole time. I sucked, licked, and stroked it with my hand, moaning and whimpering. When I looked up, Layla's hand was between her legs; Chris was hard, too. 

"You like that cock, don't you, Don," Perry said softly. "I bet you've never sucked one before, have you? ...uh-huh, yeah, I thought so... You love it, don't you?" 
