 Old age's cunning and treachery will beat youth's vigor and stamina any day.

- Unknown -

* * *

Gabriella, John, and Paul were friends - for the most part - who lived in the northern suburbs outside of Denver, Colorado. Friendship's for the two men only went so far. They both fancied themselves as being in lust with Gabriella, though neither had managed to get to bed with her yet. The friendship ended when it came to her. Paul was just over ten years younger than John, and often goaded John by referring to him as "an old man." Recently, John had bought a new white Nissan Sentra with an automatic transmission. To Paul, this was just living proof that senility was setting in. He drove a Pontiac Trans Am with a four on the floor, something he considered to be a "real" man's car.

Gabriella liked both of them, but was closer to Paul's age. Gabriella's problem was that while she liked both men, she wanted to get them both in bed - at the same time! She was afraid that if she went to bed with one first, it might end the friendship with the other. She simply played hard to get until she could come up with a solution. She never could muster the nerve to just ask them outright if they would like a threesome with her. She had tried a few very subtle innuendoes from time to time, but the two men hadn't picked up on them.

One evening in June, the three were in a booth at their favorite watering hole - the Rear Inn Lounge. Gabriella told them about a business trip that she had to make to Los Angles the next day. They knew she wasn't fond of flying, and that had sparked a light-hearted debate about just how to get to LA by car, how long it would take, and the best way to get there. The real problem was the she was flying and not about to drive, no matter what "secret" route the two men could think up or how fast they thought they could make the trip. That simple fact seemed to be lost on the men. Much to Gabriella's dismay, the debate had continued. Finally she decided to put an end to it, an end that just might give her what she wanted with a little luck. Her plan meant there was the possibility of taking only one of them to bed, but it was worth it. Besides, she was getting pretty horny and either one of them would do just fine for her needs. She had no idea what either one of them would be like in bed, but she was just horny enough that she wanted to find out. She had played hard to get with them, but now it was time to let one of them have her. "Why don't you two just have a race to LA and settle it once and for all? The winner gets to have me in LA. How's that?" She left out her secret plan for them if there was a tie.

"But we weren't going to LA, you are. John and I were just debating the shortest way to get there, and how long it really takes, for someone who doesn't like to fly."

"Earth to Paul - I'm flying! I may not like it, but nonetheless, I'm flying. On top of that, I'm leaving tomorrow morning, so there isn't time to drive if I wanted to."

"Well, it was just hypothetical anyway. What exactly did you mean by `gets to have me?'"

"In bed. You know, one of your favorite subjects - SEX! Something the two of you have been trying to do for some time." Christ, he was having a slow night tonight!

"Yea, I thought so, but I just wanted to be sure."

John had been thinking this over for a few seconds. His car wasn't much of a road car, and certainly not much of a match for Paul's Trans Am. It was about a twenty-four-hour drive. By the time he got there, about all he would be doing with Gabriella in bed would be snoring - so much for "having her". None the less, a little light had just come on in his head. "This is Wednesday, and you're leaving tomorrow, right?" he asked, buying time more than anything. That little light was getting brighter.

"Right. As I see it, you two go to work tomorrow and get the day off, and a couple more, and then leave that same evening. I' ll be done with my clients for the day on Friday, about the time the winner gets there, according to your theory of how long it takes to get there. We can have a victory dinner and then off to bed for the prize." She thought this was starting to sound like fun, but didn't really think either of them would go for it.

"And the looser gets.?" Paul asked.

Jesus, John thought, the guy was in idiot mode tonight. A plan had formed in John's head. He had the basics of it down. It was beginning to look like this was do-able. "What the looser in any race usually gets," he quipped, "NOTHING! And certainly not the girl."

"I suppose he could have one VERY juicy woman," Gabriella said with a laugh, "Not that I think either of you two are into that." That last comment was her fishing. Fishing for one or both of them to say that they like threesomes or would consider it. She waited for either to say something, anything. Neither commented on it.

"I think I'm good for this one." Paul said with a smirk. "How about you "old" man?"

John thought about it just a little longer. Yes, he thought he could pull this off. He had made a wise decision buying his car. Now he was going to bag the babe and put this friend of his in his place. Paul was thinking with the wrong head again, and he was about to loose his ass. "Sure. I'm game. We'll leave tomorrow night. Say about six?"

"Works for me!"

Gabriella was very surprised that they had taken her up on this. She thought they would have come up with all sorts of excuses. She had accomplished one thing though, they had suddenly dropped the subject of which way was faster. They weren't about to give away any more of their secrets on how to get there quickly. But she didn't exactly have their undivided attention after that either. She could see the little wheels turning in their heads and felt she had created a couple of monsters. They weren't talking about it now, but they were thinking about it. The evening was going to be a total loss. The only plus was that she found herself getting very excited at the thought of being the prize for this race. The thought of these two men willing to drive like maniacs over that distance to spend a little time in bed with her was very flattering - and got her very turned on!

Just before they all left for the evening, the three of them got a few things straight about the race. They would leave from Paul's house in Thornton. It was near the Valley Freeway and since that starting point fit into John's plans very well, he had no objection. They solved the problem of who got to LA, or more correctly Westwood Village as Gabriella pointed out, quickest by simply stopping at a particular Ralph's Supermarket and buying something. According to Gabriella, that store was located about seven blocks west of the Doubletree Inn on Wilshire Boulevard where she would be staying. The receipt from the store would have a time and date stamp on it along with the store number or location. They were to buy a single bottle of drinking water. That voided the obvious option of just picking up a discarded receipt from the ground in front of the store with a better time stamp on it. From there they would go to her hotel and ask for her at the hotel's registration desk. If she wasn't there yet, they would simply wait in the lobby until she was done with her client. If there was a big discrepancy in arrival times, she would leave a note for the looser with the front desk. It all sounded very simple. Gabriella figured there just might be a little - very little - "wiggle room" in there to declare a tie, but again, she didn't mention the word tie to the two men.

John made a few phone calls as soon as he got home, and with a minimum of effort, made all the arrangements he needed to. As far as he was concerned, the race was already over and he had won; it wasn't cheap, but he had won. All he had to do was be a little careful and the prize was his. He wasn't all that excited about beating Paul, but the thought of taking Gabriella to bed really got him going. 

Gabriella went home and packed for the next morning's flight. She was very excited and couldn't stop thinking of the two men competing to get her into bed. No one in her life had wanted to get her into bed bad enough to do something this crazy. She, Gabriella, was the prize, and this wasn't a kitchen poker game either. She just about threw everything into her suitcase, not taking the usual care that she did when she packed. Along with the usual business attire, she put in her sexiest teddy, and other adult "toys". When the suitcase was packed, she took a shower. Still thinking of the two men, she almost got herself off in the shower, but decided to wait until she got to bed. Getting herself off tonight wasn't an option; it was absolutely necessary. She was just too horny not too. 

Gabriella slipped between the sheets tonight without her nightgown - just like she knew the winner of this race would want her - nude. Lying on her back, one hand went to her breast and began playing with her very erect nipples. She had no idea who would be the winner and claim her. Her other hand slid down her smooth soft body as her legs parted. Tonight she dreamed it would be a tie and they would both have her together - a threesome. She let go of her nipple and reached over to her nightstand. She had a vibrator in the drawer, the size of which was probably much like these two men - her two men. She was thinking of her men in a room with her, nude, hard, and ready for - her, as she placed the vibrator between her legs. With a little push, it parted her sex lips and slid into her. She quickly pushed it all the way in, just like one of her men would no doubt do the first time he entered her. Turning the end of the vibrator, Gabriella felt it start to vibrate. She rolled over now and drew her knees up under her, putting her bottom up in the air, leaving her chest resting on the bed. This is how they would take her she thought, one in front of her and one from behind. With the vibrator buzzing madly, she began to stroke her hard swollen clit with one hand while the other resumed playing with her nipples. When they were with her, her mouth would be filled with one of them and she hoped that one of them or both of them would be playing with her nipples; pinching them and pulling on them just the way she liked it, just like she was torturing one now. She was on her way to a very delicious orgasm.

Early the next day both Paul and John managed to get the rest of that day and the next few days off from work for this little adventure. 

Gabriella caught her morning flight without a problem. She was wondering, most of the way out to LA, how the two men were going to manage that distance all alone and who would get there first. It had all seemed innocent enough when she had suggested it. She had even felt her nipples harden when she had first suggested that she was the prize. Now she had some reservations as she looked out the airplane window at the bleak landscape of the southwest far below. She was more worried about John than Paul. John was older all right, but he wasn't exactly driving a car built for driving like a bat out of hell for hours on end. His new little car was okay around town, but she didn't know how well it would do on the vast stretches of the open road. Paul's car was built for this sort of thing. All he had to do was keep his foot on the gas and aim it. She tried to put them both out of her mind for the rest of the flight, but it was hard to do. Once she was in LA, she caught a cab to the Doubletree Inn and dressed to meet her first client. As she looked at the bed just before leaving the hotel room, she couldn't help but wonder who would be sharing it with her the next night. Her nipples were really hard now, and she was getting wet just thinking about it.

Paul got home from work and immediately went to work on his car. It was only a few years old, but for a trip this long and important, there were a few things he needed to check: the air pressure in the tires, all fluid levels, the air cleaner, and just to be sure, he replaced the spark plugs. Paul was pretty sure he could beat John without a lot of effort, but he was smart enough to know that over confidence was just asking for a disaster. He tried to take a nap just after lunch because he knew he would need some sleep, he was very keyed up and found it difficult to sleep. Mostly he just lay there on his bed and thought of Gabriella, a very nude Gabriella.

When John got home from work, he simply put a suitcase in the back seat of his car, threw a map of the Western U.S. on the dash, and considered himself ready to start this race. He had the rest of the day free to run a few errands.

By five that afternoon, Paul was getting anxious. He was packed and had topped off his gas tank. He couldn't wait to beat John to LA, but, like John, he was even more excited about getting into bed with Gabriella. Paul called John to make sure the race was still on; it was.

Just before six, John checked himself and the car over to make sure that it looked like he was about to drive half way across the country. Once he felt that things were in order, he headed over to Paul's house. On the way he noticed that the gas gauge was on the half tank mark. Oh well, he thought, that's enough gas for what I have planned. When he arrived at Paul's house, he found Paul already in his car and waiting.

"You sure you're ready for this "old" man?" Paul called out as John drove up.

"Talk is cheap pal! Do you even know which coast LA is on?"

"No point in wasting time. Gabriella is waiting for me and I'm horny. Let's get going." Paul waved, hit the gas, and was off.

Paul's car was bigger and certainly had better acceleration, something John was counting on. They both got to the on-ramp to Interstate 25 South about the same time, but Paul managed to pull away from John in short order and promptly merged into the fast lane. He was off and running. John did his best to keep up with Paul for the first mile or so, but made sure that Paul was slowly getting further ahead. As they got close to the Mousetrap, Paul was clean out of sight. John took the off-ramp for Interstate 70 West, probably the same road Paul was on, but he wasn't exactly breaking his neck. He was just barely above the speed limit. He took an exit ramp a few miles later, and was home again in less than fifteen minutes. Soon his car was safely tucked away in the garage.

Late that afternoon, Gabriella looked at her watch. It was a quarter after five California time. Her two men would probably be on the road now. She silently wished both of them well, and hoped it would be a tie. Just maybe this whole thing was a stupid idea. Still, she found it exciting that two men were competing for her favors.

Paul lost sight of John before he had even turned onto Interstate 70 Westbound. He really didn't think the guy had a chance. The night air was cool in the mountains now, making it comfortable for him and certainly good for the car. He was quite sure he had it made. The "old" man was toast and the hot sexy Gabriella was going to be his - for a night anyway.

Gabriella had dinner with a few of her firm's clients that evening, but spent that night alone in her hotel room. She hadn't remembered to bring her buzzing friend, so tonight a finger or two would have to do as she thought of the two men racing toward her out there in the dark. Again she lay in her bed in the nude, as she knew the winner would want her, as her fingers went to work.

While Paul was out breaking his neck on the road, John got a good night's sleep. In the morning he ate breakfast and then went to work on his own car. First he removed the Colorado license plates and put them in his suitcase along with some necessary tools. Then he took the contents of his glove box and put it in a large brown envelope. Next he removed the car's windshield emissions sticker with a single edge razor blade, just the way the windshield replacement people did it, and put it on a piece of slick plastic coated paper. That went in the brown envelope along with the contents of his glove box. The brown envelope went into his suitcase along with everything else he had packed for the trip. One more phone call and he was ready to go. Twenty minutes later he was on his way.

"Where to?" asked the cabby.

"DIA."

A bit later on Pena boulevard the cabby asked, "Which airline are you flying outa here on?"

"United."

"Okay, that's the West Terminal. I'll have you there shortly."

Just after ten that morning John was boarding United flight 0781 to LAX. In just a little more than two hours he was in LAX. He walked up to the Avis rental car counter, introduced himself, and asked about his reservation.

"Yes sir," the man behind the counter said. "We have exactly what you asked for, a white Nissan Sentra."

"With an automatic transmission?"

"Of course. All of our cars have automatics these days. We only carry a very few, rather expensive, specialty cars that don't have automatics."

John signed the necessary papers, took the keys, and was off. The first order of business was to find Gabriella's hotel. He had little trouble finding Wilshire Boulevard, and after that, the nineteen- story hotel was easy to find. The next thing was the Ralph's Supermarket. It was easier to find than the hotel had been. As Gabriella had said, it was about seven blocks west of the hotel. It was now about one in the afternoon. 

What John needed now was a road under construction. Preferably one with puddles in it. It took a little longer to find anything like that, but he finally found one. Having located it, he found an obscure place to park the car. Now he removed the Colorado license plates from his own car from his suitcase and swapped them for the California plates on the rental car. Next he removed the Colorado emissions sticker from the plastic paper and placed it in the windshield. The rental car now looked exactly like his own. Finally, he removed the rental car forms and papers from the glove box, and swapped them for the contents of his car's glove box. He placed the California plates and the brown envelope under the trunk floor mat. No point in having Gabriella accidentally discover them in his suitcase should she ever have a reason to look in it. With the car now looking exactly like his own car back in Denver, he drove it up and down the dirt road, making sure he hit any and all water filled potholes, going just as fast as he dared. In less than fifteen minutes, between the dust, the water, and the mud, the car looked like it really had been driven from Colorado.

Satisfied with the way the car looked, he cruised through the parking lot of Gabriella's hotel. Thankfully Paul's car wasn't there, not that he had really expected him to be there this early. He went to Ralph's and bought a small bottle of water, making sure the time stamp on the receipt was legible. All he had to do now was kill time until about six in the evening. He bought a small bottle of water every hour until about four, and then he began buying one every half-hour or so as it got closer to six. He wanted to beat Paul, but not by too much. His time had to be believable. Each time he bought the water he would glance at the hotel's parking lot to see if Paul was there.

By mid afternoon, Paul was burning up the asphalt on the California desert. The way he figured it, he would at the Doubletree Inn by six easily. There was the small matter of finding that Ralph's Supermarket, but that sounded easy enough. It was on the same street as the hotel; he couldn't miss. He hadn't seen a trace of John the whole trip, but he wasn't sure what route John had planned to take anyway.

John spent most of the afternoon buying bottles of water and trying to get the car dirty enough to be very convincing that he really had made the trip. He even stopped at a hamburger joint and bought a hamburger, fries, and a drink. He had very little appetite right now, so he dumped most of the food, but he tossed the wrappers on the floor of the car, building up even more evidence of a fast trip.
