 Things moved quickly once they were inside the room. All the men were eager to get their hands on Gabi - and their cocks inside her. She was a juicy young slut and already had shown she was ready and perfectly trained for them. The age difference was a bonus and the three friends admired Simon for his audacity and skill in selecting and teaching a submissive as young as this one. 

There was no thought taking it easy. Gabi was obviously pleased and excited to be confronted by four older men. It was that same vivacious spirit that had attracted Simon to her in the first place. She was young but she was perfect. And she ready for the men to take their fill.

Gabi knew what to do, stripping off and going to her knees while her Daddy put on her collar. The men never stopped groping her. Gabi enjoyed their attention. She'd always loved men and it was more thrilling than she'd imagined to have four off them so excited and aroused by her.

The best part was the sight of four men with their cocks standing tall and hard. She knew that was about her. What a sight and what a privilege. In all her young life she'd never expected to do something as wild and debauched as that. On second thoughts, she knew what the best part was. She was a submissive slut and this was all being done for her wonderful Daddy. She would take these four cocks, and whatever else these men wanted, as the best thank you she could give to the amazing Mr Green.

Gabi glowed at the thought of what was to happen to her. The men would all fuck her that night. How incredible that idea was. Giving her body for sex, giving control to older men, always resulted in the most incredible pleasures.

The men grabbed and squeezed her tits. Her nipples were pinched and pulled. Hands forced her legs apart to give access to her sex. Fingers stroked her cunt lips and penetrated her cunt. Still more touched her tight little anus. Someone spanked her bottom and Gabi took it without flinching or crying out. Her Daddy had already trained her for everything that would happen this night.

"She is gorgeous," said Mr Handsome. 

"A nice wet hole," said the younger man as he thrust two fingers hard into her cunt.

Gabi had no idea what to do next. But she was surrounded by four beautiful cocks and, without thinking, started to grab and stroke the four men, her Daddy included.

"A hungry slut," someone commented. 

The only problem was that Gabi had just two hands. The men solved that by forcing her to her knees, yanking firmly on her collar, so they could each take turns in her young, sweet mouth. She concentrated on giving great head. It was how they would score her as a slut and a submissive. But she kept her hands full even as the men took turns, thrusting hard and deep and pulling her curly hair while they reamed her willing mouth.

Two of the men sat on the bed, their cocks standing tall and proud. Mr Grey dragged her by her collar so that Gabi was on her knees before them both and able to suck their cocks in turn. Her Daddy slid his fingers into her cunt - Gabi recognised his special touch - while Mr Grey slapped her big hanging tits. She knew, then, that all the training had been worth it. Gabi still did not understand why older men were such filthy lovers but she was a proper submissive and these men were welcome to use her in any way.

Once her Daddy joined the other two on the bed. Mr Grey took his enjoyment from slapping her arse - hard. 

"She is a good choice, Simon," he said as he slapped her butt over and over. 

Mr Grey knew how to punish a submissive. His harsh blows made her arse sting as Gabi tried to concentrate on sucking the other three cocks. Being abused for her Daddy's pleasure was her role now. And Mr Grey was excited to see the flesh of her ample arse jiggle as each blow fell onto this willing young whore.

"A perfect body," he said.

"And a perfect mouth," said another.

The four older men had taken total control of her body and her holes. Gabi could have felt frightened, as if she was being attacked. But instead she felt excited and validated. Once she'd been intimidated by men but her Daddy had taught her different. These men wanted her and Gabi was ready for them to take everything. She was a trained submissive and this was where she belonged.

Soon the spanking ended and someone grabbed her collar, dragging her like a rag doll so she was sitting facing the four men. Mr Handsome stepped forward and reached out for her young, heaving tits.

"I want to fuck those tits. Wrap your whore udders around my cock, you little slut".

Gabi smiled. She knew just what to do. Her big udders fit so well around the older man's shaft. She smiled as he began to thrust, Gabi had not known that her breasts could give pleasure in this way - not until her Daddy had taught her. So now she smiled as the stranger took advantage of her body. She looked up as he thrust in her cleavage and she squeezed tighter for him. It was so satisfying to feel the hardness of his shaft and the power of his body as he casually fucked her young, brown tits. She enjoyed the sight of his hard cock and the spongy head as it slid between her flesh.

"You're right," she heard Mr Grey say to her Daddy. "She does anything we want."

Mr Grey was next between her tits. He yanked her hair to hold her in place as he used her roughly. Gabi didn't think to complain - she was trained to give them everything and she wanted them to know she was proud to be her Daddy's little girl.

Then she was dragged into a new position, on hands and knees and ready for them all. Gabi had dreamed of giving this gift to her wonderful Daddy and now it was coming true. Men shoved their cocks into her mouth as others slid fingers into her cunt. 

Someone tugged at the butt plug, gently withdrawing it from her tight hole. She knew the plug had opened her nicely. Daddy had planned everything, even making her anus ready for these men. Gabi shuddered at the thought of being reamed anally by four cocks but she fought that, trying instead to focus on the cocks that kept invading her young mouth. Fingers were slipped into her hole, stretching her as more filled her cunt. 

"I want to taste this pretty slut," said Mr Young - still so much older than her.

She was rolled over, twisted and contorted as Mr Handsome insisted on pulling her mouth over his cock even as Mr Young put his tongue into her sopping cunt. Hands and then a mouth went to her luscious tits as Mr Young started to lick her delicious slit. Gabi was so turned on that she didn't even think about whether she should cum - Mr Young was taking care of that and she screamed out her orgasm as Mr Handsome forced his big dick into her throat.

The orgasms became even more intense as a finger pressed hard into her backdoor. If Gabi had realised it was her Daddy's finger in her tight place she'd have screamed even louder.

Gabi was at their mercy as the four men started to use her body even more freely. How incredible that felt to her. Mr Handsome took his place between her legs. His cock was looking enormous and ready to fuck her senseless. 

"My turn first, gents. As we agreed."

Gabi was not asked for her thoughts. But her cunt was throbbing and she was more turned-on than ever by the thought of servicing all the men together.

Mr Young shoved his dick into her mouth. He was hard and throbbing already and she thought of how good he felt between her lips. Next, Mr Handsome's cock touched her cunt lips just as someone grasped her ankles. Her cunt stretched to accept the strange cock just as Gabi glanced across. It was her Daddy who had hold of her ankles, lifting and spreading her legs into that familiar "V" shape. Her Daddy was gifting her to his buddies. He was giving them full access to her fuck hole and Gabi was cumming even before Mr Handsome was buried inside her.

Taking hold of her collar, Mr Young held Gabi in position for him to thrust himself into her mouth once more. Gabi had never really appreciated the meaning of her collar. Foolishly she'd thought it only a sign of her submission to her Daddy. But these men used the collar and the heavy D-rings to exercise their control. It wasn't really needed since Gabi was well-behaved but it reinforced the sense of being a helpless slut who was there to be used and abused.

Already she was cumming from the fucking in her cunt. Older men were better lovers - she knew that for certain. Mr Handsome was as skilled as her Daddy and his thrusting had fired her cunt. It helped that his balls slapped in time to his rhythm against the burning skin of her cheeks.

"Lets all have her now," said someone. 

Gabi no longer bothered to keep track. She was a bundle of sexual energy and she was a whore. Whatever these men wanted they would take. Repositioned on hands and knees, she was between one man's legs in front of his waiting cock as another lined up her cunt from behind.

They were all hard and big, the kind of cocks that were sure to please a woman. Gabi knew that she was drooling as each man thrust deep into her mouth. Their face fucking was rough and Gabi feared they might choke her. Though she knew she'd take that as well as another of the men took his place and rammed hard and deep into her.

The slap on her butt told her it was Mr Grey who was fucking her. His cock drove deep and she could feel his balls slapping against her cunt lips. But his big hands were perfect for punishing the young slut while she took his cock. Gabi was, of course, turned-on by the twin sensations just as her Daddy had trained her. She moaned at each slap on her generous arse as the cock in her mouth worked deeper and faster. It was incredible to have her body feeling so alive and so attuned to every stimulus. The pain of the spanking aroused her almost as much as the artful cock thrusting in her hole.

Gabi had fully surrendered. It was no longer a conscious thought - to submit and obey was her natural state now. Serving these men, allowing her Daddy to have her used in every way, was all she cared about. The lust she felt from these four older men simply confirmed her feelings.

Their fucking was relentless and Gabi was actually grateful for that as she exploded over and over. How foolish she had been to fear men and their cocks. They were all she wanted at this point. All of them were so big and hard. Each time a new cock was shoved into her mouth she tasted her cunt juices and felt her arousal rising still higher. She was wet - incredibly wet - and she hoped their fucking of her cunt would never stop.

"What a whore," said Mr Young from between her legs. "This cunt feels good."

They were fucking her hard now, slamming into her vulnerable young body. The older guys didn't care except that their pounding made Gabi's big tits bounce and jiggle.

"Look at those tits bounce," said someone. 

It was Mr Grey who'd been admiring her breasts. Now he slapped them. Mr Grey enjoyed hurting submissive bitches and this young woman was perfect for him. His friend Simon had promise she would take the abuse willingly and Mr Grey felt his cock swell even more as he slapped her udders. Gabi was used to the pain now and ready for Mr Grey to give her more. She had promised herself once before that she would submit and obey her Daddy. Now she thrilled to the thought that this was the perfect gift for him.

When her tits were red and tingling from the slapping, Mr Grey was ready to fuck the young slut once more.

"Roll the bitch over," he said to no-one in particular. "I want to watch those tits bounce while I pound the filthy cunt."

As she was turned onto her back, a hand pulling hard at her collar, Gabi caught a glimpse of her Daddy's smile. She knew that smile - the look of her Master as he took his pleasure from his willing young slave. Her heart was ready to explode and she'd have said something to him - "I love you, Daddy" - but her mouth was re-filled with cock meat just as Mr Grey penetrated her soaking cunt once more.

She thought it might be Mr Handsome who was fucking her face at the same time as Mr Grey resumed his abuse. But it hardly mattered which cock was where. Her hands were wrapped around two more shafts as the old man between her legs yanked hard on her nipples. Gabi screamed her pain but the only response she received was to have two cocks forced deeper into her holes.

Again and again the men swapped places, taking turns in her steaming cunt. Gabi knew she must run out of juices eventually. But these men would not stop for that and she would be left sore tonight. 

She was rolled over again, back to hands and knees and this time she felt a finger probing her back door.

"She's been trained for anal, Simon?" asked Mr Handsome. "I get her arse first. I'm going to test this little shit hole."

Gabi knew she should gasp and show her fear. This was a stranger about to penetrate her delicate hole and ram his thick cock into her bowels. But she didn't feel like that at all. She was trained now and ready. It was right that these men would use her bottom. She was her Daddy's little girl. 

She tried to concentrate on her bottom as Mr Handsome lined up his cock. Her Daddy was filling her mouth at the same time and she was torn as to which man she ought to focus on. But the pressure against her anus was too much to ignore. The head entered her easily and she felt herself stretch to take this new cock. There was the usual discomfort as her sphincters protested briefly against the intrusion. But Gabi had been trained has her Daddy had said. Anal was something she gave willingly and enjoyed it for that reason. 

Mr Handsome soon worked half his length into the young arse. He noted the way she took him so readily and yet remained tight around his shaft.

"Her arse feels good wrapped around my cock," he announced. 

"She will stretch nicely," was the response from her Daddy. 

Gabi's cunt gushed as she heard him say that about her. She already knew that her tunnel was relaxing to fit more of the thick, rigid meat. How amazing it was to be filled back there by an older man's throbbing cock.

Mr Handsome was an expert arse fucker. Gabi was young and inexperienced but she already knew that older men were better lovers. He went deep and he went hard but Gabi was ready for that. There was something else, though, and Gabi knew it was his technique. Just like her Daddy, this dirty older man knew how to use the anal passage of a willing submissive. His skilled fucking let Gabi relax her arse further as she felt him work deeper into her bowels. She let another man drive his big cock into her mouth as Mr Handsome started to ram hard into her bum, his balls slapping agreeably against her swollen cunt lips.

"She takes it well," Mr Handsome announced as the rest of his cock disappeared into the young whore. 

He approved of the way Simon Green had trained this slut. Her generous arse was a sight to behold but the best part was the way she so easily took his seven inches without a whimper. 

"Let me screw her a little more," he said with a grin towards Mr Young. "Then you should find out for yourself.'

Gabi stayed on hands and knees as each of the men used her rear end. She came several times - as was only natural. The thought of submitting so freely was a huge turn-on and the experience of being used by four men was mind-blowing. And that was topped-off by the skill these horny bastards had as they reamed her young passage with their big cocks. She didn't care that she climaxed like a slut since that, too, was a reward for the wonderful Mr Green.

She thought it was her Daddy in her bum as Mr Grey knelt beside her on the bed. There was something familiar about the way this particular cock slid in and out of her back door. He would make her cum again any moment. And Gabi assumed the other man wanted to have her mouth and - not thinking of where he'd just been - she tried to turn her mouth to accept him.

But Mr Grey had other ideas. He was too turned on by the young slut and her stunning performance. Gabi realised he was stroking his own cock. She wondered if he might shoot his cum onto her face - the wonderful degradation that she knew every good submissive craved.

The older man did not disappoint. Taking a firm hold of her collar, he aimed his cock at the side of her face as he fisted his shaft. 

"Now you'll look even more pretty, you young whore," he groaned.

His cum did not explode but Mr Grey was close enough that he shot a good-sized bolt of semen onto her cheek. On he went, spraying as much as he could on to her face and into her hair. Mr Grey knew how to treat a submissive and he was enjoying his handiwork as he deposited the contents of his balls onto Gabi. He was pleased at how good her curly hair looked when holding blobs of hot, sticky cock juice.

Only after her arsehole had been fully reamed by all four men was Gabi allowed a break. She was relieved but she had no idea that these men, being older and experienced, knew how to pace the action. They all shared some more wine and exchanged small talk as the men waited for Gabi to recover. Along with Mr Green, they had already planned the climax of the evening.

********************

Mr Young was first. He beckoned her closer and started to fondle her tits. 

"Fantastic hooters. You made a good choice, Simon."

He wanted to fuck her tits again. Gabi silently assumed the position, on her knees so that the Master could easily thrust his cock between her tits. She was only too pleased that these men wanted to use her body. Once she'd been embarrassed by her chubby curves but her Daddy, and now his friends, knew how to take advantage. Mr Young fucked her tits with force and Gabi saw the pleasure in her Daddy's smile.

"Get over here," ordered Mr Grey when she was finished pleasuring the other man. "Put that filthy mouth on my cock and suck me."

Gabi was delighted to oblige. The way they spoke to her was a turn-on. She had learned that Daddy liked to degrade her. It made her even happier to serve him. It was no different with his friends. She knelt before Mr Grey and took his cock deep between her lips, impressed that the older man was so big and hard and ready to fuck her still more.

"She looks better with my cum drying on her," he announced as Gabi took almost all of his seven inches into her mouth.

It didn't take long before Mr Grey relinquished his place in her mouth. All the men were straining to have their cocks sucked afresh by the talented young slut. That was until Mr Handsome insisted on driving his long, veined cock into her wet cunt as she was bent over the bed. 

Despite everything they'd done to her so far Gabi remained aroused and eager for them all. It was the greatest night of her young life. She knew it was a privilege to submit to these older men, to have her body used and abused by them. As Mr Handsome drove deeper into her cunt she reminded herself that this was the real Gabi - a willing whore ready to serve the right men.

Her Daddy lay on the bed just as Mr Handsome seemed to conclude his fucking. Gabi was not disappointed since she knew there'd be more pleasure for everyone. She just didn't know yet what that might be.

"Climb on to me," said her Daddy gently. "Get on top and ride me."

Gabi could hardly move fast enough. It didn't matter that her hole was starting to feel raw. Her Daddy was entitled to use it anytime and anyway he wanted. It felet even better to think that her Daddy was reclaiming her in front of his friends. She knew then she loved her Daddy more than any other man. Without a word, she lowered herself onto Mr Green's still massive cock. There was no holding back her moan of satisfaction. Then Daddy wrapped one of his strong arms around his little girl just as Gabi felt someone touching her anal opening.

"You have to relax now," her Daddy said in a soft but firm voice. "Its time for you to have a new experience. I know you can do it."
