 David had no idea what to expect when he entered the room. It was a moment he had waited for all his life, but when he felt the hands gently untie the knot behind his head, he breathed deeply and steadied himself for what was about to be unveiled.

"Don't worry," a soft, soothing familiar voice whispered in his ear, "you're gonna love tonight, I promise."

The blindfold lingered in front of his eyes a little longer, the anticipation in the room as tangible as the material in front of his eyes. Then it was dropped, and as his eyes adjusted to the light, he had to gently pinch himself to make sure he was awake.

He was very much so, and the bulge in his pants pulsated as if to remind him of that.

He smiled, looking round slowly. The room was filled with many of his friends, guys, girls, and they were all naked. Wonderfully, beautifully naked. His eyes scanned the girls first – Geri, with her beautifully long legs and pert breasts; Sandy, who he wanted to get into bed ever since the Christmas party had gotten out of hand and he'd seen her fucking the boss; Michelle, her big boobs heaving as she looked lustfully back at him. They were all there, and more. Then he looked at the guys, and licked his lips in anticipation. Paul was there, his big cock sticking out in front of him like a truncheon; Chris, with the most beautiful ass he had seen on a guy before, and then there was Steven, his boss.

He had heard a lot about Steven. The girls had said that he had the biggest cock they had ever seen, and he was the one that had started of all these office parties. "He only recruits people he wants to fuck," Michelle had once said. And David wanted to find out today.

"So, what do you think?" a voice behind him said. He turned round and looked straight into the eyes of his beloved Samantha. He had been crazy about her since he first started at the office, and now she was here.

"I can't believe it," he stated. "It's amazing!"

"And its all for you," she replied, and her hands moved to the buttons of her blouse. He gulped – he had dreamed of this moment for a long, long time. She unhooked the first button slowly, every pair of eyes in the room watching her slender fingers, then down the buttons, her pale blue eyes never leaving David's look of complete awe. Finally, her silk blouse unfastened, she eased it off her shoulders slowly, a flurry of whispered gasps from the onlookers as her lightly tanned skin and black lace bra came into view. She smiles sexily, her hands running down her body slowly, over the material covering her 34B breasts and down over her stomach, resting on the front of her dark blue pants, unfastening them quickly then easing then down her legs. Samantha was not a tall lady, standing at about 5 feet 4, and her legs were short but very much perfectly formed, like the rest of her body. She was, in most of her colleague's opinions, the most beautiful girl in the company.

Samantha was now stood in front of everyone in her matching black bra and panties, her hands running over her stomach nervously as she continued looking straight at David. She had wanted David since the first moment she had seen him in the office, lent over a desk talking to a colleague about a non-descript project, he had looked up at her straight into her eyes, as he was doing now, his eyes glistening at the sight in front of him. She decided the strip tease was over, and moved towards David, smiling at him until she was stood right up against him, feeling the bulge in his pants against her as she leaned right into him and kissed him softly, her tongue touching his lips as he opened his mouth for her.

This, it seemed, was a cue for everyone else. In a matter of seconds, bodies were entwining and moving to one another, guy to guy, guy to girl, girl to girl. It was as if gender was not an issue, as everyone moved to whomever they wanted.

David closed his eyes, wanting to relish the moment, then he felt a pair of hands on his belt buckle, unfastening it quickly, then a voice whispered in his ear.

"You are too dressed for this. Let us help!" He realised it was Steven, tensing for a moment, then relaxing and allowing them to strip him. In moments he was naked, his pants and underwear pulled off by Steven and his shirt almost ripped off by Samantha. Then hands were roaming over his body, his chest, his back, massaging softly, erotically. Then a pair of hands moved down, taking his manhood in their hands, massaging, stroking slowly. David prided himself on his physique, standing almost 6 feet in height; he kept his body in good shape, working out regularly. He was a big man in every way, and his cock continued that, being almost 9 inches in length when he was completely aroused. 

The hands on his cock continued to stroke him slowly, and he felt a tongue invading his mouth once again and kissed them back, softly at first, then passionately. His mind was reeling from the touches all over his body, stroking their fingers lightly over him and touching him. Then he opened his eyes, and almost came from the sight that greeted him.

Around him, his colleagues and co-workers were all, in one way or another, sucking or licking or fucking each other senseless. Tongue on tongue, clit on clit, cock or ass, all of them were helpless to their sexual energy. In front of him, David watched as Geri wrapped her legs around Sandy's head, pulling her into her pussy as she lapped at her clit and pushed a finger into her now open pussy, causing Geri to throw her head back and moan in delight.

David looked around some more, and saw Michelle sat over Paul's face, his tongue right inside her pussy as she shared his cock with Chris. Chris had the head of Paul's large cock in his mouth, and was sucking furiously, milking his cock as Michelle leant over and licked the underside of his cock and down to his balls, taking each in turn into her mouth and sucking lightly. Chris stopped his sucking for a moment, allowing Michelle to take it between her bright red lips and suck it all into her mouth, deepthroating him in one go and surprising both Paul and Chris. 

By now David realised that the hands on his cock had been replaced by a mouth wrapped around his hard cock. He looked down, and saw the beautiful face of Samantha with her mouth around his manhood, sucking lightly and looking up into his eyes as she did. David smiled as his biggest dream was coming true. He felt her hands on his ass, pulling him closer to her as she took all of him into her mouth, spreading his ass cheeks as she did.

She almost jumped to the ceiling when he felt the third hand on his ass, and the cold sensation of the lubricant touching the puckered skin around his ass hole, relaxing it gently. He looked behind him, and saw the beaming face of Steven looking up at him as his finger massaged his ass, then he eased the finger in slowly, right up to knuckle, then slowly but firmly started to finger fuck his ass.

The sensations were sending David wild, the finger – and then two – in his ass and Samantha's expert tongue swirling around his engorged cock. He had to steady himself to make sure he didn't fall, his legs buckling slightly under him, and then he half regained his composure.

"Now its time for your initiation into the company, David," Steven whispered into his ear, "are you ready for it?"

David nodded his response, unable to form any words as his two work colleagues continued their sensual assault. As he nodded, Steven took his fingers out of David's ass, and nodded to Samantha, who took his cock out of her mouth, giving it a final lick before she left him alone. But it was only a momentary break in the fun for David, as he watched Samantha remove her bra and panties slowly, enticing him with every move, her hands running over her pert nipples and down, between her legs and running over her smoothly shaved pussy. David gasped as Samantha led on the mattress and cushions behind her, spreading her legs as she did and running a finger down the length of her pussy, dipping it into herself slightly then raising it to her mouth, tasting her juices.

Samantha beckoned to David, and he led down on top of her, feeling her breasts on his chest as they kissed passionately, the sweet taste of her juices on her tongue as they probed each other's mouths. David knelt up, positioning his cock at the entrance to her beautifully pink pussy, and Samantha moaned her approval as he eased himself into her, slowly, all the way into her. She gasped as his balls touched her ass, filling her pussy to the hilt, then eased all the way out again till the tip of his cock rested against the opening of her pussy. He repeated this slowly, sensually, Samantha's moans increasing every time he did, his cock slamming against the inside of her as he thrust a little harder every time.

Samantha's moans soon turned to screams of pleasure, feeling David's cock inside her, fucking her like she had always wanted him to. Finally, when she could stand no more, she let out a scream, her pussy tightening as she came for him, her juices running down his cock. She pulled him towards him, holding him tightly, his cock still inside her as she kissed him once again. Then she looked over his shoulder, and saw Steven looking at them, and smiled.

"Now it's your turn David," she said to him, and grabbed his ass, making sure that his cock stayed inside her. She spread his ass for him, and Steven laid on top of him, his huge cock resting against his ass as he grabbed his waist and eased himself into him. David couldn't believe how it felt having this huge monster of a cock easing into his ass, and he stared wide-eyed at Samantha, who smiled at him, kissing him softly. Steven eased his huge cock into David slowly, as far as he could get it, then back out, savouring the feel of his tight ass around him cock as he entered him once again, this time pushing further, till he was right inside him.

David couldn't help but moan at the sensations he was feeling, Steven's cock in his tight ass and his cock inside Samantha warm, wet pussy, milking his cock with her muscles as they kissed. Then they were separated, and Paul offered his large cock to David's waiting mouth, and he licked and sucked on the tip eagerly, taking it into his mouth and sucking on it as much as he could. He could see Samantha in front of him, kissing with Geri and Sandy in turn, their tongues entwining with one another.

Steven began to fuck David harder, slamming his cock into David's ass, and David responded, fucking Samantha in turn, keeping in rhythm. David was the first to start moaning, the feel of the cock in his ass as he fucked Samantha almost drove him over the edge.

"I'm gonna cum," he exclaimed to everyone, feeling the tightening of his balls. Samantha grabbed him tighter, moaning louder till she felt the hot cum shooting into her, screaming as she did so. It felt to David that he had never cum this much, and couldn't believe it as he did so. Finally, after several spurts, he relaxed and almost fell onto Samantha, taking Steven with him.

Samantha rolled him off of her, kissing him gently once again. She could feel the cum dripping out of her, and she placed a finger at the entrance to her love hole, scooping a little of the cum onto the tip and placing it on the end of her tongue. Then she turned to David, and kissed him passionately, sharing his cum and hers with him as they explored each other's mouth.

"There is one thing left to do now, David," he heard Steven say. He pulled away from Samantha, looking at his boss, a puzzled look on his face.

"You know Sam said this was all for you?"

David nodded, remembering with a smile on his face.

"Well, it is. And you have to taste all of our cum, that's the initiation."

David smiled again, a broader smile this time, and nodded his approval. And he led there as, one by one, his colleagues came up to him, some playing with themselves in front of him till they come, others wanting him to lick or suck or finger them to orgasm. And he did so, happily, tasting their juices as he swallowed each and every last one of them.

Then it came to Steven, the last of them. He sat beside Davis's head, stroking his cock hard, David licking the tip of his cock until he spurted into his mouth, the cum filling his mouth as he struggled to swallow. Steven realised he was struggling, and bent down, kissing David and taking some of his own cum into his mouth, swallowing it slowly. Then he sat up again, spent, looking around the co-workers one by one as they all recovered.

David couldn't believe what had happened, and led back, his arm around Samantha as he did so.

"I think we had better leave these two on their own," Steven said to the rest of them, and one by one they stood up, saying their goodbyes to David as they dressed quickly and left. It was Steven who left last, his suit immaculate as if nothing had happened. As he reached the door, he turned, looking at the couple led on the cushions, and reached into his pocket, pulling out a white envelope, and threw it onto David's chest.

"Welcome to the team, David," he said, smiling again, "you might wanna take a look at that." And with that, he left. So David opened the letter, realising it was an advert for a local newspaper for the next week, and he laughed to himself as he read it:

"Wanted. Office Assistant. Must be hard working, and open-minded. Male or female applicants welcome." 