 There are days when it feels like I’ve been doing the dating scene for twenty years. With all my experience I should know better than to date a guy in the same circle of friends as the guy I just broke up with. Or, to be more truthful, the guy that dumped me.

Hugh called the day after Karl broke off our relationship. Karl and I had been dating each other exclusively for over six months. We even talked about moving in together. Then Karl decided he had to go back to a woman he originally dated in high school. His old sweetheart came on the scene and Karl went after her like a hound dog after a bitch in heat.

I met Hugh through Karl, of course. They work in the same building in the city and play softball together. Hugh called the very next day after Karl’s big kiss off. It was pretty obvious old Karl gave him the green light. And in the back of my mind the idea of dating Hugh would let me show Karl what he was giving up. That appealed to me.

It wasn’t like Hugh was some drooling idiot or anything. He’s tall and I like tall guys. He’s blond too and that wasn’t exactly a strike against him. We went out a half dozen times. Then the next test on the compatibility chart was sleeping together. I discovered why Hugh had gone through so many short relationships. What a dud in the sack! 

Maybe if I hadn’t been coming off such a great lay like Karl it would have been different. Karl was an animal in bed. He could last for what seemed like hours, playing my pussy like a fine instrument. He could trip me out into an orgasm just about anytime he wanted and he wanted to pretty often. He could be so damn tender too. I remember a few times when I just wanted to forget the rest of my life and stay in bed with Karl.

I should have turned down Hugh when he called that last time. He wanted me to go with him to a friend’s house on the Sunday of a three day weekend. It was a barbecue at a big house with an indoor pool and lots to do. And I thought it would be easier to dump the guy after a nice day in the ‘burbs.

When we got out there it was clear Hugh hadn’t lied about the place. We went into the house and downstairs to a huge family room with a full size bar along one wall. Behind the bar a glass wall separated that area from a huge indoor pool. Furniture was arranged in groups around the room. There was even a big lawn going down to the shore of a manmade lake, visible through big windows on the back of the house.

Hugh and I were the first ones there. A guy named Pete was our host. The house belonged to his folks. They were away for the long weekend.

Pete left us at the bar and went outside to get the grill started. Hugh got us each a glass of wine and gave me a little tour of the place. It was a suburban fantasy. Out at the far end of the pool there was a sauna and a jacuzzi. And big double doors at the other end of the room led out to an indoor tennis court. 

When Pete came back in I asked him who all was coming. He said he called a bunch of people but it was pretty much last minute so he wasn’t sure how many would show. I noticed a strange look pass between Hugh and Pete. It didn’t mean much then but when I think about it now, there was something going on between them. 

Anyway, we were joined a few minutes later by a guy I hadn’t met before named Rory. Then another guy, Tom, showed up. They each had a story about how their dates couldn’t make it at the last minute. So there I was, the only woman in a group of four guys for an afternoon of dinner and whatever. Hugh kept my wineglass filled as we all sat and talked for a while.

I have to admit, it was flattering to have the attention of four good looking hunks focused on me alone. All through a delicious steak dinner I got asked what I thought about all kinds of things. I have to say the wine was flowing pretty freely too. Hugh kept my glass full.

When Pete suggested we all take an after dinner soak in the jacuzzi it seemed like a terrific idea to me. I had brought two suits with me. One was a fairly conservative one piece. But the other one was a skimpy string bikini Karl bought me during a quick trip we took down to the islands. 

I got my bag and headed off to a bedroom upstairs. When I got there I changed into the bikini without a second thought. I’m pretty comfortable with my body. My 34C breasts are still firm. But when I checked myself in the mirror I started having those second thoughts.

The bikini was flame red. The top barely covered my breasts - in fact, a pretty fair amount of skin was visible on each side and down the middle. The bottom was just a triangle of fabric attached to strings and a thong up the back. I remembered the effect it had on Karl and wondered if I wasn’t being just a tad too daring in a group of four nice looking guys.

I could blame my decision on the wine. But really, it was a combination of things. I had already decided to break it off with Hugh. And Rory was sure an interesting guy. And finally, I figured I looked pretty damn good in the thing and what was the harm in a little teasing. I took a deep breath and headed back down to that big family room.

It was deserted. Another full glass of wine sat on the bar with a note propped up beside it. The note said they were in the sauna and I should go in for a warm up before diving in the pool. I was standing there reading the note when Rory came up behind me. He announced himself with a low wolf whistle but he still surprised me a little. I turned an first impression was that he looked damn good with nothing on but a tight little swim suit on his bod. He had those well defined chest and stomach muscles that make a guy look good. The bulge in the front of his suit looked pretty good too.

He said something nice about my suit and gently took hold of my arm. Just kind of naturally we walked out into the pool area. He steered me along the glass wall until we reached an unpainted door. He pulled it open just enough for us to slip inside. The heat was intense. It washed over me and hung like a blanket.

I could see the other three guys were up on the high benches. Rory scrambled up there with them. The realization hit me that I could just as well be standing there naked for all the cover that bikini offered. Each of those guys were checking my body out from head to toe with lingering stares at my chest and that tiny triangle that covered my pussy.

They were all in skimpy suits like Rory. I tried not to be too obvious as I checked them out too. They took turns making conversation while I found a spot to sit. It was plenty hot on the lower bench. The heat made my cheeks color after less than a minute. When I glanced down at myself I couldn’t help but notice my nipples standing out against that thin material. I thought again that I might as well have been naked.

I was quickly sweating all over. I glanced up at the guys and saw they were sweating freely too. I had been in a few saunas at various gyms but nothing as hot as what Pete had it in there. We all sat in silence for about five minutes. I just kept thinking about how good that water in the pool would feel after that heat. No way was I going to chicken out and be the first one out of the sauna. Suddenly it was important to show those guys I could take the heat as well as they could.

Finally, Hugh and Tom made some lame excuse and ducked out the door. Rory was next out. It was down to just Pete and me. He got down and tossed a scoop of water on the hot rocks. He was close as he stretched past me with his suit at about eye level. He sure had a huge bulge in front. I could see the outline of his cock kind of folded up under the material. All I could think was how oversize it seemed to be. 

He smiled at me as he sat down and asked me if I had enough of the heat. He said he was used to it from using the sauna all the time. I must have looked like I was about to pass out. My hair was wet from the edge of my scalp back. I had to breathe though my mouth to get enough air. Then I finally got some sense and decided to leave.

When I stood up I almost fell over. Pete caught me around my shoulders and sat me back down. I felt so light headed, like I was really drunk all of a sudden. Pete said I was probably feeling the wine going to my head. He said the sauna heat amplified the effect because I was sweating so much. I couldn’t argue.

After a minute he asked if I could stand. I tried again. I was steadier but still a little shaky. Pete held me from the side and led us out. The cool air felt great. He said it would be better not to jump in the pool right away but to let myself adjust gradually with a dip in the jacuzzi. He helped me over to it and held my arm as I eased myself into the warm bubbly water.

That swirling jacuzzi felt like heaven. I found the underwater bench with my tush and lowered myself until the water was just under my chin. I lost myself in my wine buzz and the gentle swirl of that warm water all over my body. When I finally looked around I saw all four guys at the far end of the pool by the diving board. They were tossing a water polo ball around.

With about half my attention I watched Hugh climb out of the water. He walked over to the diving board. After a couple of quick steps he bounced off the end of the board and executed a graceful swan dive. Only after he had plunged into the water did my brain register the fact that he had been naked. I giggled and thought what I had just seen was interesting. Then Tom did the same thing.

Our eyes met as he stood still before moving down the board. I could see his cock surrounded by thick dark pubic hair. Then he came toward me and hit the end of the diving board. His cock flopped up against his stomach on the downward part of his bounce. The sight struck me as pretty funny and I giggled again.

The thought crossed my mind that it would be nice to get rid of my suit too. But it seemed like so much work compared to the ease of just staying where I was. I still felt so warm. The water was cooler than that roasting sauna but I was feeling such heat. It was then I realized the warmth was centered inside me. I had never felt so hot and horny in my whole life. The urge to slip my hand inside my skimpy bikini bottom and get myself off was almost too much to resist.

I closed my eyes and let my hand travel under the water to the spot I wanted so badly to touch. Then I heard something close by. I opened my eyes and looked around. All four guys were standing there next to the jacuzzi. Hands touched my shoulders and slowly moved down to my upper arms. I was lifted out of the water in one smooth motion and steadied on my feet. No one said a word. My bikini top was untied and I was so glad to feel it come off. The bottom was taken off too. The five of us stood there naked, brushing up against each other with tentative little touches. I looked at each of them in turn. It was just such a huge turn on I felt my knees tremble.

Fingertips touched my hard nipples. Wherever I glanced down a semi-hard cock greeted my eyes. The thought registered that I could have them all, that I wanted them all. We moved slowly, still in our tight little group, over toward a half dozen lounge chairs. Those gentle hands lowered me down on one. My warm tush was right on the ends of the thing. The guys pulled the pads off the other lounges and tossed them around me on the floor.

Hugh got down on his knees to my right. He bent over and brought his lips to mine. Tom was on the other side. I could just barely see Rory lowering himself down at my knees. Hands covered my tits and teased my nipples. And as Hugh held our kiss I felt my legs being parted. Seconds later Rory’s tongue touched my pussy parting my hot little lips down there. What a rush! I tried to control my breathing as the sensations washed over me.

The guys on either side of me took my hands and guided them to their cocks. I stroked them both gently thinking how I could have each of them inside my pussy in turn if I wanted. I felt them both stiffen under my touch. The way Rory was teasing my little bud with the tip of his tongue made thinking about anything else almost impossible. I kept trying to hold back from coming so that delicious sensation would go on and on. But it was like trying to hold back the tide. Hugh broke our kiss and looked down into my eyes as I tilted my head back. A scream started deep in my chest. I let it announce my orgasm as my body trembled like an electric charge had exploded from my hot pussy. Wave after wave rolled over me before finally settling like a constant throb in my belly.

Rory raised up. I felt him move his body closer as he brushed the insides of my thighs. The tip of his cock found my opening and he took hold of it and moved it up and down my tender slit. I looked up at Hugh as I felt Rory slip his dick inside me. Hugh’s face was a picture of naked lust. He raised up and moved his body closer. I turned my head and used my hand to guide his cock to my mouth. The feel of the tip on my lips must have been just as delicious to him as it was to me. He groaned as I sucked him into my mouth and used my fingers to tickly his balls. Just as I was getting a rhythm going with Hugh’s cock I felt Rory starting to really slam into my cunt.

My boobs jiggled with every thrust. I had to grip Hugh’s cock with my hand to keep him in my mouth. Rory grabbed my legs and brought them up letting him drive deeper into my pussy. He was filling me so completely my tender little clit was getting electric touches along the top of his shaft. My heels touched his butt. I could feel his muscles tense every time he pounded into me. Poor Tom was left to watch as his buddies filled my mouth and pussy.

The thought of having Hugh come in my mouth at the same time Rory came in my cunt suddenly hit me. I felt so powerful to have them both inside me as we danced toward completion. Rory settled into a steady rhythm but Hugh was going crazy. I knew he was quick to come from past encounters. His fingers were buried in my hair holding my head as he fucked my mouth. 

Hugh suddenly stiffened. He pushed his cock deeper into my throat and I felt the first burst of his cum. He filled my mouth faster than I could swallow. I milked him with my lips and my hand. The last few of his spurts dribbled out the side of my mouth. 

The sight must have been too much for Rory. He bucked deep inside me and let out a sharp moan. I felt his cock pulse with the release of his spunk as he filled my pussy. The three of us paused like that for a long minute. It was like we were still locked together in our naked tableau and unwilling to let the moment pass. But both Hugh and Rory were getting soft after sending their loads into me. Rory pulled out and eased himself back. I looked down at myself as Tom took the spot his friend had just occupied.

Tom grabbed my legs as our eyes met. He smiled as he moved closer. I felt his cock slowly spread my pussy lips. My wetness combined with the cum Rory had just shot made his entrance easy. He pushed inside with a slow stroke. Then he pulled back and let the tip of his cock ride up to touch the swollen bud of my clit. The sensation was terrific. I smiled to let him know how much I like that little twist. 

He kept doing that teasing combination. A few deep strokes were followed by the wet feeling of his cockhead sliding over my clit. I felt the stirrings of another orgasm. I hoped Tom would last long enough to get me there. I didn’t know it then but I had nothing to worry about. Where Hugh had been so quick, Tom was a master cocksman. He played my cunt like a fine little instrument, teasing and stroking until I screamed out my second orgasm. 

I was building toward my third coming as Tom kept fucking me so expertly. I was about to plead with to get his rocks off before he drove me crazy. But my attention was captured by Pete. I didn’t see him approach, he was just suddenly there standing next to me. I turned my head and found myself staring at his cock. Somehow I had failed to really check him out when the guys pulled me out of the jacuzzi. Huge is the only way to describe his cock. He wasn’t fully erect but that monster hung there like a waiting snake.

Pete moved over me until he had a knee on either side of me. I raised my arms up over my head to let him move up. Without leaning forward that big cock was just an inch away from my lips. I was lost in a sea of lust and sensation. Nothing mattered more than having that enormous cock. Pete let it hang there as I raised my head and stretched my lips over the tip. Tom was still performing his magic all over my pussy. I moaned in response.

My moans definitely excited Pete. I could feel the blood filling his cock as I kept working the tip with my lips. He let me take him at my own pace without trying to force that monster down my throat. As it kept growing I had to content myself with kissing and licking him. I heard him add his moans to mine so I brought my hands down to play with his still hardening shaft. 

Tom suddenly pulled out of my pussy. I felt his hot cum spurting on my tummy. I was getting drenched. He just kept coming and coming! And it was like a signal to Pete where he stood over me. He pulled his cock away from my mouth and moved his one leg back over my body. 

As he took his place between my spread legs as I looked down my naked body. His monster cock was pointed right at the wet curls of my well used pussy. A mixture of emotions hit me all at once. I wanted him inside me but I was a little afraid too. 

The other guys stood close to him. Gently, my lower legs were grasped by two sets of hands. It was like all five of us were joined together for our final monster fuck. All eyes, including mine, were fixed on the sight of Pete’s cock where it was poised to invade my pussy. Then Pete did the most unusual thing.

With one hand he scooped up the fresh cum Tom had just splattered across my belly. He smeared it all over the tip of his huge shaft to mix with the wetness I had given it with my mouth. Then slowly and gently he eased that huge cock into me. The sensation was incredible! My pussy tingled and stretched like I was pulling him inside. My nipples hardened again like they were wired into my stretching cunt. I sank back on the cushion and closed my eyes. 

It was like all strength went out of me as my body relaxed to allow his cock inside. He pushed into me, then pulled back not quite so far. His next stroke was just a little deeper. My breath caught in my throat as he went faster. When I finally felt his body pressed against my pussy the realization hit me that he had pushed that huge cock all the way inside me. He stroked faster still. My little clitty felt like it was getting a thorough pounding across the top of his shaft. And the sensations were so intense. I was poised on the very edge of orgasm as he fucked me with that magnificent cock.

The other guys still held my legs up and open for his continued stroking. And it just went on and on past all reason. We were using each other like some kind of human sex toys. Our eyes locked as I lifted my head. Pete was breathing hard, the muscles in his neck standing out from the strain. It was suddenly a contest to see which one of us would come first. I did the first thing that came to mind. I cupped my tits in my hands. Still staring at Pete, I bent my head down and pulled my right nipple to my lips. I circled the swollen bud with my tongue.

My slutty display was too much for him. He cried out and pounded his cock into my pussy even deeper than before. His huge shaft jerked as he emptied his load inside me. My mind registered a feeling of triumph that I had tamed that monster cock. And then, as he still jerked inside me, my orgasm exploded from out of nowhere. My body shook and the low moan caught in my throat burst out loud. 

When he finally withdrew my pussy felt so empty. I could feel the mixture of our juices dribbling down my ass onto the cushion. And still no one said a word. It was like the intensity of our collective fuck had drained the room of air. Slowly we regained our senses.
