 After Emily's birthday my relationship with Jaime dominated my life. Even when two hundred miles away she never left my mind. I was the hopelessly devoted long distance boyfriend I had always made fun of. But it left me in pure bliss. I became the guy that stayed home on Friday and Saturday nights to talk to his girlfriend on the phone. I was the guy who always brought up his girlfriend even when talking to the most scintillating female at a party. And I was the guy who passed up weekend trips to Vegas or Mexico just so I could make a quick visit back home.

Any regrets, or embarrassments, were washed away when I held Jaime in my arms, tasted her long nipples with my tongue, or felt her hips grind slowly on top of my lap. I couldn't believe I had risked an opportunity to be with her just so I could enjoy a quick fuck with my best friend's girlfriend.

Every time we ran into Sarah, my face flushed slightly, as did hers, but despite the flirtatious looks Sarah sometimes tossed my way, I never succumbed to the allure of her body again during this time. By the time Nick came back from Spain everything between me and Sarah was pretty much the same as before he left, or at least my skills of repression allowed me to think so.

Barcelona had done nothing to change Nick. He was the same cocky, but charismatic, person. Always the center of attention where ever he went. Not to anyone's surprise Nick and Sarah got back together immediately. He only briefly asked Emily and I if we had heard of Sarah being with someone else, in the off hand sort of way he always used to try and hide his insecurities. As far as Emily knew Sarah hadn't been with anyone in that whole time he was gone. I of course knew differently, but since Emily had no knowledge of anyone else, I imagined that I had been the only one.

The year apart had changed me. Jaime was my first serious relationship in which I placed my girlfriend ahead of my other friends. Unlike some of them, Nick, who had committed like this with Sarah long ago, was completely accepting of my new priorities. This was no doubt influenced by the fact that since Nick and I were the most committed out of our group of friends, the four of us ended up spending a good deal of time together. 

At first it felt a little odd, but gradually I overcame the awkwardness I felt towards Sarah, and any guilt that resided in terms of Nick. Sarah appeared to be satisfied with Nick's return, and her resentment towards Jaime, which had bubbled below the surface in his absence, disappeared. In fact, Sarah and Jaime independently became close friends. Thus when Nick proposed a weekend vacation in Hawaii at his parent's time-share there was no hesitation from any of us.

We arrived in Maui the second week of July on a Friday morning. Nick's parent's timeshare, part of a larger gated community, was a two bedroom condo right on the beach. It was perfect. We didn't even bother to unpack as we immediately put on our bathing suits and rushed out to the warm tropical waters of the South Pacific. 

Both Jaime and Sarah looked spectacular in their revealing bikinis, putting the other beach goers to shame. It was difficult to avoid getting caught looking at Sarah with her lush breast bulging out of her bikini top, but the sight of Jaime's round ass and perfectly shaped legs, which I loved so much, helped avert my eyes (except for the few hard bodies who passed our way that were almost in the same realm as our women. In fact both Nick and I spotted an amazing looking blonde with a tight body and even larger tits than Sarah who seemed to be staying in our complex with her boyfriend.).

We decided to just spend our first day relaxing on the beautiful white sand. Of course each couple took the opportunity to make an excuse so they could sneak back into our condo for midday lay, but otherwise we stayed together outdoors.

That night the four of us ate dinner in the main tourist area. We strolled through the outdoor market afterwards, deciding around ten thirty to head back for a walk along the beach. As the warm waves lapped at our bare feet we slowly separated. Jaime and I continued down the shore while Nick and Sarah crept back towards the condo. 

Alone in the moonlit night, stars sparkling on the opaque surface of the rolling water it took no time for us find our way into each other's arms. Sarah broke the embrace, and without saying anything took of the little clothing she had on and ran into the water. I quickly followed wildly shedding my clothing as I dashed in after her. She play-acted trying to escape as I grasped her naked body holding it tightly against my own. Our kisses and caresses evolved into her legs wrapped around me as I drove my cock inside of her. The warm water encompassed the lower half of our conjoined bodies enhancing the feeling of weightlessness. Once she came I quickly followed as we allowed the ocean wash away the traces of our union. 

We took our time returning to the condo enjoying the warm summer air as we walked along the coastline in damp clothing (in our rush we had failed to toss our clothing far enough away from the waters edge). We discovered that our activities were anything but original as the sight of random couples rolling in the sand filled our path. The boldness of each couple reenergized my own sexual urges. 

Our condo was quiet when we returned after midnight, although neither of us would have admitted that we had each strained our ears to catch any sounds leaking out of Sarah and Nick's door. In our room we showered together, a treasured part of our bedtime ritual. As usual our actions in the shower led to lovemaking in the bedroom and we fell asleep in each other's arms satisfied with the first day of our vacation.

The next morning Jaime woke me up early so that we could jog on the beach. Despite my reluctance her persistence outlasted my laziness and I joined her in the morning exercise. When we returned we were presented with the evidence that Sarah and Nick were also awake. Sarah was not trying to control her enjoyment as her moans of pleasure filled the condo, as well as her verbal descriptions of their actions, "Fuck me, fuck me, right there, right where I love it. Oh baby, fuck me,". Followed by Nick's voice calling out, "I know you love it. Tell me you love it, you can't get enough,".

I personally, as far as Sarah was concerned, had a clear picture of what was triggering her outbursts. Jaime gave me a dirty smile letting me know that she was feeling randy as well. Exercise alone usually provoked this, something about sweat really sparked her appetite. Combined with the sounds of our friend's lovemaking, we barely made it in the room before I had her bent over the bed and was pumping my dick into her velvety, wet pussy. 

Seemingly inspired by the musical put on across the way Jaime was extremely vocal during our session. She rarely said anything besides my name, but today she let loose, "Hay Papi, Haaay Papii, give it to me. Ohhh yes fuck me hard. I love your big dick. Papi fuck me, fuck me," she grunted as I drove into her.

I answered back, " I love your ass. Move it for me, I can't get enough of it, move it for me, I could fuck you there all day, all day and all night, would you like that, yeah you would love that,".

"I love it, Papi te quiero, te quiero, harder, harder, haaarddeeer"

"You want it harder?,"

"Yes, yes, yes,"

"How does it feel?".

"Papi, it feels so gooood. Don't stop, I'm almost there, I can feel it,"

"Cum for me,"

"I'm cummmming!"

Everybody was all smiles when we emerged from our room after showering. We planned on driving inland so we could hike in the lush tropical forest of the island. Nick knew a couple of trails that led to a few secluded waterfalls that he claimed only the locals knew about.

We didn't see anyone else, even locals as we hiked along. In fact I could barely make out the trail. But Nick confidently led the way, and everyone was in too good of spirits to complain. Sarah once again only wore her bikini top, evidently a magic one, since it looked like her tits were going to spill out with each bump in the road. At least she was practical enough to wear shorts and running shoes, as was Jaime, who wore khaki shorts and a t-shirt over her own suit. 

I let my shirt hang from my shorts allowing my golden tanned and sculpted upper body to feel the day's air. Nick, who kept his shirt on his skinny frame, made a couple of Hercules cracks, but Jaime surely didn't complain, and Sarah, who used to complement me just to kid Nick, stayed quiet, although more than once I caught her taking a long glance at my body. I shouldn't have, but I egotistically flexed each time I caught her. It was no different than the way she would stick out her chest when she caught me.

After about an hour we came upon the first waterfall. Nick said it was the biggest, but since there were a couple of people already wading in the water we decided to continue on. There were also a couple of people in the next one, but it was pretty small so we had no trouble deciding to continue our quest. An hour after we came upon the first one, sweat clinging to us in the moist environment, we arrived at the third. No one else was there even though in my opinion, this small waterfall, with water cascading over a nook in the hillside creating a natural grotto, was the most beautiful of them all.

I set down our backpack that contained our towels and lunch and we all raced into the water. It took a little while to get used to the coldness of the fresh water, especially after enjoying the feel of the warm ocean, but the effect it had on Jaime's now prominent nipples made up for. Nick made no attempt to avert his eyes from her chest, and I think even Sarah was staring at them as well. 

We each ventured to the top of the waterfall and jumped off the cliff which was about forty to fifty feet above the perfectly blue water. After we got used to the water we swam around, each pair's caresses gradually becoming bolder. 

When Sarah removed her top I was a little surprised, but when Nick followed with his shorts I was shocked. The two of them ended up inside the enclosed grotto. A couple of minutes later they were out from under there and up on the bank right next to the cascading water. In clear sight Nick entered Sarah, who braced herself against the wall oblivious to us.

The erection rising in the water showed my excitement as I wrapped my arms around Jaime, who was openly staring at the naked couple fucking before us, and buried my lips into her neck. She purred as her body melted into mine. Turning around in the water she stuck her hand into my shorts and eagerly pumped my cock. Our bathing suits were quickly shed as Jaime again wrapped her legs around me as I stood in the water. My cock, knowing its way, slid in and out of her pussy, Jaime's body creating the motion. 

Jaime buried her head into my neck as we fucked allowing me to clearly see Sarah and Nick ahead of us. Nick had has hands clutching Sarah's breast as he thrust repeatedly into her. Sarah looked back, her facial expression full of ecstasy. She caught me watching her, but neither of us averted our gaze. In fact Sarah seemed to get off on it as her facial expressions suddenly became more pronounced, her groans growing deeper and deeper, until finally she shrieked out in full bliss. Nick was oblivious to this as he pulled out his dick and rapidly pumped it with his hand, shooting all over Sarah's backside. 

Engulfed in the action before us I didn't even notice how close to the edge I was and was surprised by my sudden eruption inside of Jaime. But Jaime hadn't noticed, giving me a long tender kiss even though I hadn't satisfied her as well.

Each of us put back on our bathing suits, all a little dazed by the spontaneous explosion of lust that had just occurred. No one seemed embarrassed as the girls laid out on their towels resuming idle chitchat while Nick and I spreading out our picnic.

We didn't stay too long after lunch, everybody dreading the hike back down, wanting to get it over with so we could get back home and rest. On the way back Nick and Sarah started bickering, not really fighting, just displaying some annoyance. I thought nothing of it; anybody can get on your nerves when you spend that much time together.

It had already been decided that the couples would spend the evening alone, but I got the feeling that Nick would have rather stayed together. Even with Sarah, he always wanted to be in a group rather than one and one. He once told me he felt more comfortable that way. I had already planned a romantic dinner and evening with Jaime, so I simply ignored his hints.

When Jaime and I returned that night around midnight to our surprise we found Sarah alone in the living room reading a magazine. Evidently Nick was swimming laps by himself in the community swimming pool. After a pleasant evening with Jaime I was ready to conclude the night feasting on one another in bed, but Jaime, ever the maternal figure, probed into the conflict, signaling to me that I should do the same with Nick.

Understanding Jaime's stubborn kindness and not wanting to find myself in the same situation as Nick I ventured out to the pool. Nick was in the Jacuzzi with the amazing blonde we had seen before and her muscular boyfriend. Nick had obviously made friends immediately, although I found it a little odd that the pretty boy boyfriend allowed the flirting that was occurring between Nick and the girl to go on. Nick seemed a little disappointed when he saw me come up. I was introduced to Rachel and Chad, but once Nick sensed that I was not going to ignore his situation with Sarah, he got out of the spa and said goodnight.

Walking back to our place, he explained that they had ended up arguing during dinner. It seems Sarah had started inquiring about his activities in Spain. Nick seemed to believe that their so-called mutual agreement to be free for the year should rule out any possible discussion of his actions abroad. Its amazing how little Nick sometimes seemed to know about women.

"I didn't ask her about what she did. And I swear I know she was with someone," he added. 

Wanting no part of that discussion I simply nodded my head and switched back to the original problem, "You've always known that Sarah is a control freak, this shouldn't surprise you,".

"I guess you're right," responded Nick sighing loudly in frustration, "but it still doesn't make it right,".

When we returned Nick and Sarah went into their room to work things out. Believing that this would lead to make up sex, Jaime and I retired to our room as well. But before we could jump in the shower we heard a knock at our door. 

Wrapped in a towel I answered the door. "Hey, are you two interested in playing a board game," inquired Sarah oblivious to the intentions of my dress.

I was about to give a fake yawn and say I was too tired, but Jaime answered for me that we would. We played for at least two hours, before even Jaime started to signal that she was tired, something I had been hinting at for over an hour. But our efforts were ignored; both Sarah and Nick seemed content to fully engage themselves in the game. Finally both Jaime and I started losing on purpose just to get it over with. After they had delayed their victory as long as possible the game ended, and both couples adjourned for the night.

Everybody woke up late the next day. Despite this we were still able to fit in snorkeling and horseback riding along the beach. We had planned on going to a traditional tourist luau, but decided against it since by the time we were done horseback riding we would have surely been late. Instead we opted for a late dinner followed by a survey of the Maui nightlife for our last night in paradise.

Nick really started pounding back the sweet tropical drinks during dinner, and he continued as we went from bar to bar. By the time we ran into Rachel and Chad at one of the many tourist watering holes he was already drunk. Luckily he was still in that funny drunken stage, but I had a feeling as the drinks progressed that we would see his infamous temper flare before the night was over.

Rachel and Chad invited us to a club with them. Nick, who was openly flirting with Rachel when not simply staring at her gorgeous tits set up like honeydew melons in her small midriff exposing white top, eagerly accepted the invitation for everyone else. Chad seemed to have a gift for ignoring Nick's sloppy behavior, then again he was busy showing his own interest in Sarah, who either out of spite for Nick, or acceptance of the game being played did not hold herself back from returning Chad's advances. Jaime and I simply looked at one another shaking our heads, unsure of where the night was taking us.

There was a good amount of people in the club by the time we arrived, but it wasn't packed. On the dance floor there was enough room to freely dance although each of the couples rarely needed that much room. When the girls left to use the restroom we found a cozy booth away from the dance floor. Nick continued to drink even though it was obvious he had reached his limit.

The girls emerged and tried to draw us back on to the floor, but Nick happily informed them that we would rather watch. Rachel and Sarah gave a smile, and Jaime simply went with the flow as the girls ventured back on to the dance floor. Rachel and Sarah didn't waste a second before they were seductively grinding into each other. To my surprise Jaime eagerly joined in grasping onto Sarah's hips from behind. The sight of these three beautiful girls rhythmically rubbing against each was more than enough visual stimuli needed to arouse me. This was even before Sarah began groping Rachel's body openly rubbing her bouncing breast. 

Of course we weren't the only ones watching. Before too long guys started inching closer to the girls. While none of them received an invitation, the girls did not completely ignore them. Eventually two marine types jumped on the ends of the threesome. Chad seemed at ease with the way it was unfolding, a big smile on his face as he watched one of the men grab hold of Rachel from behind. 

Watching the other guy follow suit on the other side, his groin grinding into the behind I was so possessive over, I didn't share Chad's calm. But the intensity that shone from Jaime's eyes into my own helped relieve some of that jealousy allowing me to concentrate on the movements of her body. In fact I was surprised at how much this turned me on.

Nick found nothing stimulating in any of it. I was paying so much attention to the girls, that I didn't see how pale he had become. Actually I didn't even think of him until he clumsily stumbled out of the booth and briskly walked in a broken line to the bathroom. 

I informed the girls what was happening, and much to the chagrin of the two guys, they left the dance floor with Chad and I. After about ten minutes I fished Nick out of the stall and Chad and I helped walk him out of the club. We tried to convince Chad and Rachel not to end their night because of Nick, but they wouldn't hear of leaving us.

Despite Nick's condition we all squeezed into a taxi for the short drive back to our condos. Chad and Rachel invited us to join them in the spa; Jaime and I told them that we would meet them there. I helped Sarah drag Nick into their bathroom, where he assumed his position before the toilet bowl. I had been impressed by his ability to stop being sick for the duration of our ride back, but that ability quickly vanished when he entered that bathroom.

"I guess that lovely sound is all I'll hear for the rest of the night," remarked Sarah.

"Don't be silly why don't you join us in the spa," offered Jaime.

"I don't want to get in your way,".

"Please, Chad and Rachel are going be there as well. Nick's not moving anywhere for the night," Jaime repeated the offer. 
