 Prysm Nightclub in Cardiff City Centre at 1am was a mecca for overly aggressive groups of lads, looking to fight or fuck anything they could catch, and under attired groups of girls, looking for Mr Right through the hazy smoke and blinding lights. Both genders were equally drunk. The dancefloor heaved with hen parties; groups of girls all dancing in tight circles, deciding case by case on whether to admit men into their midst as each one bravely tried their luck. The edge of the dance floor was thick with less courageous souls, laughing with their friends and drinking huge numbers of lurid coloured shots, but none-the-less keeping a very close eye on the girls dancing. The tightest knot of female flesh was in the middle of the dance floor, they were the pickiest about admitting any boys into their midst; instead seeming to be entirely happy with their own company.

In the middle of that company, as always was Lauren, who had been the centre of attention for as long as she could remember. Girls loved her because she was funny and irreverent, with a skill for making people feel better about their deepest insecurities. Boys loved her because she was bold, uninhibited and fun loving. She was not the prettiest girl in the world (falling one notch down from beautiful) and had a vocabulary that could strip paint from the walls but had always found that being warm and friendly got her more of what she wanted than some of her 'ice queen' peers.

Growing up in Newcastle she had seen her fair share of fun, but when she weighed up a local college or a job in a supermarket like her friends, she fancied neither; she decided to find a third way. She had originally applied to join the RAF but the Flight Sergeant in the recruiting office had closed his office door and made some pretty unsavoury suggestions as to how she could 'get a-head' in her training and tried to get her started straight away. Despite being only 17 at the time, Lauren had calmly waited until he was close enough to her and then kneed him in the balls as hard as she could before tipping his computer off his desk and onto his collapsing body. She had then run from the building, turned the corner and ran straight into the Army Careers Office. She was breathlessly explaining her story to the Fusilier Sergeant behind the desk when her would be attacker limped in through the door behind her. A quick nod to the soldier's raised eyebrow was enough for the infantryman to turn from Lauren, grab the Flight Sergeant by the hair and drag him into a conference room. Two minutes of geordie swearing and dull, thumping noises occurred on the other side of the door before the Flight Sergeant stumbled back out of the door, blood pouring from his nose, and without even looking at Lauren, sprinted from the Career Centre. Lauren had signed up with the Army the same day.

After a few years learning a trade as a vehicle mechanic, Lauren had seen a lot of the world, made some great friends and deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan. She had been pondering whether her future lay in the Army when she had bumped into Michelle. Michelle was briefly accommodated in the same camp as Lauren and they had shared a bottle of wine a few times. Michelle had sussed her out and made the same pitch to her that Lauren had seen several times since to other girls. Michelle had offered her the chance to leave the 'Big Green' Army but keep the travel, excitement and camaraderie. Instead she would enter the grey world of special forces, using her body to support the hardest pressed part of the Army. She knew many people would consider it to be prostitution but when she thought back to that RAF Flight Sergeant she knew that the difference was that this was her choice and her choice alone.

Lauren had loved working for the SAS. The 'job' was fun, the girls she worked with were a scream, the perks (both financial and fringe) were fantastic. In the last 18 months she had never regretted her decision to take Michelle up on her offer. She certainly wasn't regretting it now. All the girls from the troop who weren't working had dolled themselves up and jumped in taxis to Cardiff. They had hit the bars and clubs and finally ended up here, diminished in number but high on each other's company. Michelle, the troop commander had not come out and several of the girls had gone home with boys they had met up with, which now left Lauren dancing with Kat, a fiery little red-head from Northern Ireland; Becky and Becca, the inseparable Glaswegian girls whose raucous laughter and heavy drinking were about as subtle as the fact that they were clearly having a relationship with each other; and Jen, the new girl, who Lauren had taken an instant like to, and wondered if there might be some reciprocal attention there.

None of the girls were out and out lesbians as such (although Becky and Becca were walking a fine line) but they all fooled around from time to time. Except Jen who had almost certainly been telling the truth during her initial interview when she said that she had never been with a woman before. That did not mean she did not want to though and once or twice in the gym, Lauren had caught Jen staring at her in quite an inappropriate way.

Jen struck Lauren as a little self-conscious for this line of work, however when she had chatted to some of the lads like Tommy and Martin she repeatedly heard that once she got into it, Jen was quite the dirty little girl. Lauren was quietly confident that she would find out one way or another; no one resisted her forever, she was just too good a friend! The girls' dancing got slower, less showy and much closer as the night drew to a close and Lauren was amused to watch Jen studiously try to ignore Becky and Becca as their dancing turned into grinding, then into dry humping and eventually to what appeared to be barely concealed fingering; their mouths open, breathing hard, a paper thickness between their lips. They were a cute couple; Becky tall and buxom, Becca short with a childlike body and face. What they shared in common was they both had raven black hair and china white skin.

One of the braver (or drunker) boys from a stag-do near them turned and started dancing with Kat. When the little fire-cracker moved away from him he stumbled towards an unsuspecting Jen and started trying to grind up against her arse, something that was obviously unappreciated. In his inebriated state this lad failed to take her hints that she wanted nothing to do with him. Lauren had dealt with this before and had two fool-proof methods. She stepped forward and pulled Jen away from her beery potential lover, then kissed her full on the lips. She felt Jen stiffen for a moment, then seeming to realise what she was up to, relaxed into the kiss and even kissed her back a little.

They broke apart and looked at each other and Lauren felt a flush of arousal when she saw Jen's parted lips, still searching for the kiss, her hands coming around to Lauren's sides. At that moment, however, the dickhead behind her proved unable to take a hint and resumed his grinding on Jen's shapely bum and even reached around her and grabbed Lauren's tit. The girl from Newcastle had lost none of her tricks and moved to method two; pushing Jen out of the way and kneeing the idiot square in the balls and then tipping her drink on his collapsing body. As the other girls stopped dancing to look at her she shrugged and said "Shall we get a taxi?"

_____________________

Not long later the five of them squeezed into a black cab and started the journey back to camp. They had stopped off at an all-night off licence to grab a few bottles of bubbly and planned to continue the motion during the drive; begging the cabbie to turn the radio up. Unsurprisingly Becky and Becca sat next to each other on the rearward facing seats, leaving Lauren sandwiched between Jen and Kat. As they drove they drank and laughed and relived the evening, especially Lauren dropping the pest in the night club.

"It was a shame actually," said Jen, a little drunkenly "that prick interrupted our kiss!" She giggled.

Lauren knew this was her moment. "Jen, have you ever been with a girl before?" The driver in the front who had been looking a bit pissed off they were drinking in his cab suddenly replaced his scowl with a much more thoughtful look on his face.

"No!" protested Jen loudly. "I'm not a dyke!"

There was lots of laughter in the cab before Becky and Becca shared a long, tongue filled kiss, which seemed to have the effect of making the cab wobble onto the other side of the road briefly.

"Neither are we babe!" shouted the two Scottish lovers in unison. "Don't be such a prude. If you've never tried it, you'd be amazed at how different it feels to a man." To make their point they shared another long, slow kiss before breaking down into giggles. All eyes turned expectantly to Jen and Lauren knew this was her moment. She leant across and kissed the inexperienced girl gently on the lips. It was chaste in comparison to the bawdy behaviour of Becca and Becky but it was certainly more than you would expect between friends. Lauren gave a second's pause for that to sink in before leaning back in and kissing her properly. Jen just melted into her, all pretence at resistance falling away as she opened her mouth to accept Lauren's gently probing tongue. The rest of the girls hooted and shrieked with laughter and the sound of the taxi's tyres brushing the rumble strips told them that the driver had not missed it either.

After that there was no stopping them. The conversation got dirtier and cruder, the laughter was louder and more raucous. When the subject of piercings came up Lauren boldly flashed her nipple, showing a slim bar through it which got the girls laughing again. Becky out-did her however by parting her legs towards the three girls opposite and pulling up her tight black skirt to reveal that not only was she knicker-less (Jen wondered if she had started the evening that way or lost them at the club dancing with Becca) but that nestled at the top of her slick, smooth folds was a tiny, glinting clit piercing.

"Christ Becky!" Jen exclaimed as all the girls fell over each other laughing. "Why would you want to do something like that to yourself, I can barely stand direct pressure on mine!" Lauren again thought of the new girl's self-conscious ways.

"You're being a prude again, babe." Becca chimed in. "Becky has never been so orgasmic since she had this done. Here, have a feel." With that the smaller of the two Glaswegian girls grabbed Jen's hand and pulled it forward into her girlfriend's lap, forcing her fingers against the little metal ring. Becky squealed and closed her thighs around the invading hand, trapping it there. Jen made a surprised face but didn't seriously try to retract her hand. "See," Becca said, "it just makes everything easier to find in the dark!" Becky released her grip and Jen drew her hand back, very conscious that one of her fingers was now sticky with the juices of another woman.

"Here, I'll sort that out." said Kat, reaching out for Jen's hand. She drew the offending finger to her lips and slowly sucked it into her mouth, practically purring as she did so. Jen was now completely confused. She had always known she was straight until she met Lauren, then she had entertained the idea that maybe she fancied a bit of the larger-than-life blonde, but now she had just (almost) fingered Becky and was being hit on by Kat. Words failed her and she took a long drink from one of the bottles of bubbly. Eventually she found her voice again: "Fuck it." she whispered as she shoved the bottle into Kat's hands before launching a passionate kiss on Lauren's eager mouth. The girls went wild and the taxi driver once again wrestled the car back to the centre of his lane, coughing as he reorganised his junk inside his jeans.

Lauren was ready for the kiss and immediately took the offensive; refusing to cede the initiative to Jen. She kissed her back hungrily and pushed her hands up into her hair gripping it firmly to let her know who was in charge. From the corner of her eye she saw the two raven haired lovers resume their kissing, softly stroking each other in a gentle, embrace. Poor Kat, thought Lauren, she's all on her own. She should have known better. The little redhead ran her hands under Lauren's bum and pinched the flesh she found, making her jump. Kat was a proper Celtic beauty with wild, red hair, a freckled nose and an impish face. Right now, that nose and face were buried into the side of Lauren's neck, snuffling gently before placing kisses on the skin exposed by the line of her dress.

In front of her, Jen was really starting to get into it; kissing, nibbling and licking in a reciprocation of Lauren's actions. Lauren placed a hand on Jen's breast, over her top and felt the girl stiffen - if only for a moment. Once she had relaxed, Lauren started tracing her fingers over Jen's nipples. When Jen started to push her shoulders back, Lauren leant in and kissed her way down her neck and across her collar bone in a similar way to how Kat was kissing her.

As Kat's fingers found their way under the hem of Lauren's skirt and traced the edge of her pussy, Lauren did the same to Jen, finding the 'totally straight' girl to be steaming hot and wet enough to soak the gusset of her knickers. Lauren tugged Jen's underwear down to her ankles and tossed them through the small payment window so they landed on the lap of the driver who was now very obviously masturbating with only one hand on the wheel.

Becca was now on her knees on the floor of the cab with her teeth gripping the clit piercing of her girlfriend, causing Scottish profanities to issue forth about the effect this was having. Lauren squeezed down next to her and pulled up Jen's dress to give access to her pretty, pink slit. As Kat and Jen leaned in and started kissing each other, Lauren planted a huge, wet kiss on the labia of her new friend, eliciting a loud gasp from Jen and a squeal from Kat. Lauren was about to start really working her over when the driver's voice interrupted them all.

"Err, girls, err, we're here... Probably no charge for this one, eh?"

_____________________

Once inside the block they congregated in one of the sitting rooms, raided the fridges for more drinks and got straight back to devouring each other.

Becca and Becky remained only interested in each other and quickly stripped their remaining clothes off before interlocking their legs and rubbing their bald labia against each other; tribbing wetly, right in the middle of the room.

Kat, Lauren and Jen all piled onto the sofa and once suitably naked, devolved into a pile of limbs, tongues and fingers. Jen lay on her back while Kat climbed over her. Lauren knelt behind them and fingered both of them while running little circles over Kat's arsehole with her tongue. 

Kat then reversed her position so she was 69ing with her on top of Jen. Lauren watched bemused as Kat roughly pushed two, then three fingers into Jen's leaking cunt. For her part, Jen seemed to be getting into it as she gave rapid little licks over the fiery red-head's clit. Lauren was not sure at what point she had become the cuckold in this relationship but looking at Kat and Jen then Becca and Becky it was clear she was the odd one out. 

In no time at all, all of the girls (apart from Lauren) had come at least once (Becky may have been in double figures from the way she was screaming and wailing). Lauren decided to get what she felt she was due and physically dragged Kat off her new lover. Lauren then straddled Jen's wet, cum-soaked face and lowered her clit towards the waiting tongue. At the same time she used one hand to steady herself on the armrest of the sofa and used the other to pull apart one of her bum cheeks.

"Kat, come over here and give me my favourite thing." She ordered. Kat did not need to ask what that was. Lauren's favourite thing was well known among the girls in the Troop. Kat got on her hands and knees and dropped her face so she could tongue Lauren's tight ring. Lauren gasped immediately. As Kat licked more and more, Lauren could feel the saliva running down the crack of her arse and into Jen's mouth while she continued to eat her out from below. She did not know why she loved it so much but she just could not get enough of a girl rimming her. She did not even care that much for it when a guy did it to her. It was something about the power it demonstrated over the other girl that she enjoyed; and the tiny, Northern Irish, red-head was her absolute favourite. Her favourite up until now, she thought.

Lauren spun herself over so that Kat could take over licking her clit. Supporting her weight with her hands, Lauren then lowered her bottom towards Jen so she had little choice but to stick her face into her most secret place. Lauren need not have worried however. Jen's tongue shot out without hesitation and furiously rimmed her hole. With the clit stimulation from Kat, Lauren did not last long and soon came to a screeching orgasm all over Kat's face while her sphincter contracted on the Jen's invading tongue. 

Extricating herself from the Sapphic love knot, she shared a deep kiss with each of the girls before going to the kitchenette to get another round of drinks.

As she was dropping ice cubes into the glasses, the door burst open and all five heads turned to see Michelle, the Troop Commander, stumble into the room. There was several noteworthy things about her appearance. First, Michelle was totally naked. Second, she was limping as she walked. Third, her makeup and hair, normally so immaculate, were a mess. Finally (and most interestingly), she was just covered in cum. She had cum leaking from her shaved pussy, she had a small trickle coming from her tight rosebud, she had it on her tits and what must have been at least two loads were sprayed across her hair and face. 

Michelle collapsed onto the sofa with an exasperated smile. It was clear she was drunk. 

"Christ girls," she complained, "I have bitten off more than I can chew here. I think I need some help!"

She went on to explain that she had gone for a drink with one of the teams that had just come back in and ended up agreeing to fuck all of them at once. After a solid hour of fucking her stamina had given up but the boys were all still good to go so she said she would see if she could find any girls to take her place. 

"There's four of the bastards and they've just got back from a deployment so are letting off some steam. Do me a favour and pop next door and see if you can't finish them off for me? Thanks girls."

Becca, Becky, Kat, Jen and Lauren all traded looks, shrugged and then walked butt-naked towards the door. 

"Not you, new girl." Michelle said, a little harshly, to Jen. Lauren decided that she would finish making the drinks and join the others later. This would give her a chance to see what Michelle wanted with Jen. 

Michelle reclined further onto the sofa and locked eyes with Jen. "I am a mess, you need to clean me up. And I want to feel good about it too."

Lauren watched as Jen walked over to Michelle. The new girl had obviously settled in even better than she had thought. Not only had she just lezzed it up with her friends but now she was kneeling down in front of her boss, leaning in and sucking a droplet of jizz from Michelle's earlobe. She then worked her way from top to bottom, lapping, sucking and licking wherever she found cum. She lingered on Michelle's nipples, long after the cum was gone. Likewise, she put a lot of effort into cleaning up her clitoris even though it was her hole that was leaking cum. Jen was rewarded with a gentle, gasping orgasm from Michelle. She then dutifully slurped up the cum that was dripping from Michelle's pussy before pushing her knees back until she could lap at the spunk that was left around her arsehole. Once Michelle was totally clean and satiated, she pointed to the drips that remained on the sofa and floor.
