 "I think it's time we had another party, honey. What do you think?" Quinn asked his wife, Veronica, as they sat on the dock of their lake house having early evening cocktails. 

The forty-two year old was a thing of unusual beauty. At 5-feet, 4-inches tall, 105 pounds, perfect 34C breasts, shoulder length reddish-brown hair, and a well-toned and tanned body, the 42-year old was the envy of their female friends and the object of desire for any man who saw her.

"It has been quite a while since we have hosted anything that wasn't business related, so I agree, we should do something soon," Veronica replied. "We should include Jimmy and Derrick and their friends as well. This could be a combination high school graduation party for Jimmy and a summer kick off party for both of our boys."

Derrick would be home from college and Jimmy would be leaving to begin his time at the university a couple of months after the party. The couple knew this would be the last time that their sons would be home for a long while and that they were about to become "empty nesters".

"OK, I like that idea. Graduation is in three weeks, so let's plan for the weekend after that," Quinn suggested. "You seem to get hotter and hotter with each passing year, so I will be excited to see people's reaction to your rockin hard body in a bikini, babe."

"If we are going to have the boys' friends here, I don't think a bikini is a good idea, particularly the ones you buy for me to wear. I know you like to show me off — it's sweet and it's sexy, but we have to maintain a little decorum when kids are around, Q," Veronica cautioned.

"They aren't kids anymore, Ronnie. All of them are at least 18 and several are in their 20's. We wouldn't want to deny those young men the pleasure of gawking at a woman whom I understand is their favorite MILF," Quinn countered with a wicked smile.

"You are such a perv," Veronica playfully chided. "But I love you for it. I worry that you are going to push the exhibitionist thing too far one day, though."

"Nah, there is no harm in providing the world with peeks at someone as beautiful and sexy as you. I only wish you were a bit more adventurous without me pushing you, my love," Quinn said.

"Well, keep pushing and maybe one day I will surprise you. Be careful what you ask for though," Veronica warned.

"I'm not scared. There is nothing that you could do that would bother me. You could strip naked right now and show off for those guys in the boat out there on the lake and I would love it," Quinn challenged.

Rolling her eyes, Veronica sighed, "Like I said — you're a perv. Now lets get back up to the house its getting late and the mosquito's will eat us alive down here."

The couple left the lake front and moved up the boardwalk to the main house which was 150 feet away on the other side of a cypress head that separated the two structures. Quinn had an early flight the next day, so their dinner was earlier than usual and they were in bed shortly thereafter. Quinn's trip to Great Britain lasted a full week — a bit longer than typical. However, it was wildly successful as he closed two very large deals for the company that he owned.

Following graduation from UF, where he excelled in his studies and played linebacker for the Gators, Quinn spent several years working in corporate America. Frustrated by the bureaucratic ineptitude he witnessed time and again, Quinn decided to take the plunge and start his own business. Veronica and he worked together in the early days to make the business work with Quinn being the face of the company and Veronica handling the back office duties. 

Five years later, they had a very successful small business that was continuing to grow by leaps and bounds. Veronica was able to "retire" from her duties and focus on raising their boys, while Quinn continued to pour his efforts into making the business even more successful. 

Their good fortune had afforded them a well above average life style which neither of them ever took for granted. 

The downside was that Quinn had to travel more than either of them preferred, but it was a sacrifice they were both willing to make for the sake of the family. Now they were enjoying the fruits of their labors and were a very happy couple and family. Their sex life was good, if not fairly standard. Veronica knew that, at 44 years old and having accomplished so much already, Quinn wanted to be more adventurous, but her conservative upbringing had not left her and she found it difficult to match his enthusiasm for the kinkier side of life. Because she loved him so much, though, she endeavored to go along with his wishes when she could.

They had a circle of friends, acquaintances, and business contacts that they socialized with from time-to-time, however neither of them centered their social life around these people. The other wives, while cordial and civil to Veronica, were not so subtly jealous and envious of her. It did not help that their husbands would make favorable comments about her in front of their wives or that those wives would quite often catch their husbands leering at the beautiful woman.

Quinn's social life was focused on Veronica. He never hung around with the guys or went on guy only outings. He wasn't "clingy" though — he just preferred her company or his own solitude.

It was two weeks before the coming party and a series of "to-dos" were scheduled for each day and were to be completed as the days progressed. This Saturday morning, Veronica had showered, put on her bra and panties, and was applying the last touches of her makeup when she heard the growl of a lawnmower outside their french doors. Peeking around the corner of the doorway, she could see that the crew of three guys were already hard at work in the their backyard. 

As she watched, Quinn walked out of the back of the house and approached the crew. The lawn maintenance company owner, Kevin, whom they had known for years, switched off the lawnmower engine and spoke with Quinn for a few moments. At one point, Quinn turned and gestured toward the second-floor french doors that Veronica was next to at the moment. In a panic, she leaped back from the door and almost tripped over their exercise bike.

A few moments later, Quinn ascended the stairs and entered the bedroom. "You scared the crap out of me, Q. What were you talking about and why did you point up here?" Veronica asked.

"I asked them to trim some of the undergrowth in the cypress head so that it will look nice for the party next month. Kevin asked about you and I told him you were up here getting dressed. I also mentioned that they definitely should not look up here for the next few minutes as they might see you walking around in your underwear," Quinn said with a smile.

"Oh my god — tell me that you did not say that to him, Q," Veronica said.

"You don't think they will look up here after I warned them, do you?" Quinn feigned innocence. "Let's test it. Take off your bra and stand in front of the french doors for a moment. I'll bet they don't even glance up here."

"Of course they will! And you damn well know it. You drew their attention to it!" Veronica impatiently said. "There is no way I am doing that."

"I'll make you a deal, wife of mine. Give me thirty-seconds at the door and I will buy you that Fendi purse that you have been wanting for so long — today!"

"Seriously, you'll buy me a $2,500 purse if I will flash my underwear to our lawn guys?" Veronica pressed.

"Absolutely, I swear on my mother's grave," Quinn said, solemnly.

"I'm not taking my bra off though," Veronica hedged.

Quinn did not expect her to anyway. It was a negotiating ploy that he used in business all the time and with Veronica on occasion. Ask for more than you expect and then settle for what you wanted in the first place.

"OK, so how do I make this look natural?" Veronica asked.

"For a Fendi purse, I don't want natural. I want naughty. Stand at the glass with your legs slightly apart and your arms to your sides. Look straight down at the crew and smile, my sexy wife."

Looking her husband directly in the eyes to ensure he was serious, Veronica slowly exited the bathroom and moved in front of the glass panels of the double french doors that led to a small balcony outside their bedroom. Following Quinns instructions she set her bare feet about 12 inches apart and dropped her arms to her sides.

"Move your legs farther apart, Ronnie - shoulder width. I want them to be able to see the crotch of those pretty pink panties. Good, now smile," Quinn coached.

Veronica smiled as instructed and looked at the area immediately below the doors. All three of the crew members were gathered there pretending to work on a planter that did not really need attention.

"How much time is left?" Veronica asked as she looked at the men who were looking at her.

"Fifteen-seconds," Quinn fibbed — it had already been twenty-five seconds. "Since you are doing so well with this, I will make you a better offer. Lose the bra and I will get you a Louis Vuitton purse instead."

"This is worth that much to you, Q? Are you sure? These men would see your wife's naked breasts," Veronica emphasized the word 'naked' when she said this.

"Naked is the idea, sweetie. I want those guys to have that image burned into their brains and I want them to think about it every time they see you from now on. Do we have a deal?" Quinn pressed.

The men below had ceased making any pretense of working on the planter. They were watching Veronica with hungry eyes, thoroughly enjoying the show she was giving them. Reaching behind her back while still looking down at the men, Veronica released the hooks on her pink bra. Moving her hands to the straps on her shoulders, she hooked her thumbs under the straps and pulled the bra away from her body and let it drop to the floor fully exposing her 34C breasts and small pink nipples. She returned her arms to her sides and asked, "How long do I have to do this now?"

"Another 60 seconds or so should be good. But for a Louis Vuitton I think you should do more than just stand there like that. Touch your breasts and tweak your nipples a bit. Give them a show, Ronnie," Quinn pressed.

Veronica did as he asked, turning her head to look at her husband as she did so, "You really like this, don't you? I'm putting on a show for those men and you are thoroughly enjoying it, aren't you?"

"Yes, very much — I am more turned on right now than I can ever remember being before. Aren't you a bit turned on by this as well?" Quinn inquired.

Veronica did not want to admit it, but what she was doing for the men was getting to her. Her stomach was fluttering rapidly, her clitoris was throbbing and her nipples were rock hard as she continued to play with them. She was no longer paying attention to the time — she was focused on the feelings her body was generating and the looks from the men watching her.

She felt Quinn approach her from behind and heard him whisper in her ear, "It's fun being a bad girl, isn't it? You like those men looking at your body, don't you? Come on baby, admit it. You like this don't you?"

"Yes," Veronica said quietly, biting her bottom lip and closing her eyes for a moment as a mini-orgasm coursed through her body. She felt Quinn's hands move to her hips and begin to pull her panties down. "No, Q, don't do that. This is going too far."

"Relax and go with the flow, sexy, you know you want to," Quinn coached as he continued the downward pressure on her panties.

Still fondling her nipples and breasts, Veronica opened her eyes again and looked down at the men again. They had moved even closer and seemed entranced by what she was doing. Without thinking, she moved her legs closer together to assist in the removal of her panties, which Quinn accomplished in short order.

"Spread your legs again, wider this time," Quinn ordered.

Veronica complied and spread her legs very far apart, affording the men an excellent view of her pussy lips and neatly trimmed bush. Without needing to be told, she moved one of her hands from her breast and began to rub her vagina. Her wetness increased quickly and she ran her fingers between the lips of her vulva. Moving to her throbbing clitoris she began rubbing and tugging on it — she was full-on masturbating in front of these men. 

Quinn inserted two fingers into her vagina from behind and proceeded to pump them in and out of his wife's hole. The physical, visual, and emotional stimulation was almost too much for Veronica. Her legs began to tremble and her knees felt as if they might buckle. Her breath was coming quickly and she was pumping her hips toward the glass doors.

Quinn spoke to her quietly, "Those men down below want you to come downstairs They want you to lie down in the grass so that they can take turns fucking you. They are going to want to fuck you every time they come here. You want that too, don't you, Ronnie!"

Veronica had always been able to achieve an orgasm without a lot of effort. Whether vaginal or clitoral, or both, she had always been able to get off either by herself or with help relatively easy. This orgasm, however, was different. It was almost nuclear. The intensity of her release caught both of them by surprise as did her next words, "Yes, I want that. I want them to fuck me — over and over again. Oh shit, this feels so good."

Copious amounts of fluids were released from within Veronica's vagina, coating Quinn's hand as her legs trembled and almost buckled. Her pumping motions slowly subsided as did the wet squishing sounds that were being created by Quinn's finger fucking of her pussy. Removing his fingers from her, he reached around her with both arms and pulled the lips of her pussy wide open with his fingers exposing the glistening wet pink folds inside his wife's most private area.

The men below did not move — they did not appear to even be breathing. The show that Mrs Warrington had just put on was the hottest thing any of them had ever experienced. They were ever so grateful to Mr Warrington for alerting them to watch the doors in case Mrs Warrington might pass by in her underwear. Now, they had been treated to a striptease by the hot wife; a masturbation demonstration, complete with orgasm, and now her beautiful pussy was being held open by her husband so that they could see up inside her.

"Hold it for a moment longer, Ronnie. Let them enjoy you for a little longer. Take your hands and do what I am doing with your pussy. Spread it open for them," Quinn breathed in her ear.

Veronica moved her hands to her crotch and took over for Quinn. She spread her legs even wider and pulled the lips of her pussy far apart. Improvising, she positioned her right hand so that she could slip a finger inside her pussy while still holding it open. She swirled the finger around inside of her and then withdrew it and brought it to her mouth. She put the finger in her mouth and tasted her own cum.

After a few seconds, Veronica regained her composure and said, "I cannot believe I just did that! That was so wrong! We know those guys! Two of them went to high school with Derrick! What the hell was I thinking? What were YOU thinking?"

"I was thinking it is time for you to come out of your mom shell now. It's time for you to enjoy other aspects life and be a bad girl from time to time. You are just too hot, too smart, too everything to be kept under wraps. I could not be happier that you did this," Quinn opined.

"Now what? How can I ever face those men again?" Veronica worried.

"Don't worry about that, babe. Things will be only as awkward as you make them. You are a woman in charge of her own body and you can show people as much of it as you choose," Quinn reassured.

"Easy for you to say," Veronica countered. "You didn't just show your naked body to the lawn crew; have an orgasm in full view and then provide them with a gynecological view of your genitalia. I don't understand, why did you like this so much?"

"It's hard to explain and even harder for people to understand, I expect. You are the hottest, sexiest, nicest, coolest, person that I know. The thought of showing you off to other men creates a sexual excitement inside me that I have never felt otherwise. Nothing even comes close...it is almost like a drug. Frankly, I would love to do even more than this with you, like having you go down there right now with those guys just a naked as you are, but I would never want to push you into anything you aren't comfortable with, babe," Quinn observed.

"You are serious aren't you, Q? You would be OK with those guys touching me — even fucking me?" 

Quinn nodded.

"You are impossible, you adorable pervert," Veronica scolded with a grin that said she really wasn't too upset, but her husband had given her a lot to think about.

The countdown to the party continued through the next week and the weekend before the event arrived. Both Veronica and Quinn had been busy with matters related to their preparations for the party as well as their regular household and business responsibilities. Deciding that they needed a break, they each decided to take time for themselves that Saturday.

Quinn planned a golfing outing with some of his business associates, while Veronica opted for a quiet afternoon basking in the sun next to their pool. She had told her husband that she did not want him to schedule anything at the house that day, as she wanted to be undisturbed and left to herself.

"I am still getting over what we did last week," Veronica told Quinn. "I can't believe I let you talk me into that."

"I think you protest too much, my love," Quinn countered. "You just don't want to admit how much having those guys look at you turned you on that day. Trust me, honey, they are nothing but grateful for what you did. They work their asses off everyday in this miserable Florida heat and you gave them a treat that they will remember forever."

"I fully expect they will remember it — I know I will," Veronica noted.

"Here, I bought you something for your day of relaxation today," Quinn offered as he handed her a gift box.

Inside, Veronica found a tiny black bikini that her husband had ordered online from Wicked Weasel. She could tell that it would leave almost nothing to the imagination, but did not consider that a problem, since she would be by herself all day.

After Quinn left for his golf game, Veronica changed into the new bikini and discovered that it was constructed of a thin material that clung to her body parts like a second skin. He nipples were clearly visible through the material and the top covered only a portion of her tits overall. The bottoms emphasized the lips of her vagina and displayed her slit by recessing between her pussy lips as she walked. Appreciating her husband's kinky tastes in swim-ware, Veronica smiled and then headed for the pool with a pitcher of gin & tonic, a bucket of ice, Bluetooth speaker, beach towel, and suntan lotion.

She made herself comfortable on a chase lounge and settled in for the afternoon. After an hour, Veronica had positioned herself on her stomach with her bikini top untied to expose her full back to the sun's tanning rays. She had consumed three gin and tonic's which had given her a very pleasant alcohol "buzz" and was listening to her favorite Maroon 5 album through the Bluetooth speaker. She had allowed her mind to wander back to the events of the day she displayed herself to the lawn crew, imagining that, instead of turning away at the end of her 'show,' she had descended the spiral staircase from their bedroom balcony and moved to the men gathered below, who began to touch her naked body all over. 

As these thoughts flooded her mind, she ground her pelvis into the fabric of the chase lounge beneath her body. Continuing to imagine an alternate ending to that day, she imagined that the men took her one at a time while Quinn watched from the balcony above. Her grinding motions intensified as she approached a fantasy inspired orgasm, however, before she could finish, a sound jerked her abruptly from her imaginings. 
