 To my readers: by starting here you have missed some significant events and a necessary understanding of the characters in the story. The author recommends you start this one from the beginning. This is the third of four parts. 

*

With the encouragement of Ray and Kim, I went on even more dates. I felt as if I were a sixteen-year old girl just discovering herself. There was Tom, Bob, David, and Bill on my date card by the end of the second month. Each date gave me increased confidence and helped me find my way to the person I wanted to be.

Ray added some dance instruction to what he was teaching me. This time I craved being in his arms and learning the steps he was teaching me. Kim joined in and sometimes the two of us danced, taking turns playing girl or boy. We hugged and kissed a lot too. Ray said this was part of my 'body curriculum.'

Before each date we'd sit down and visualize the date or party I was going to. Ray and Kim taught me that I was connected to my Inner Self and that Inner Self had no issues with anyone at a party other than to see if we shared the same vibrational energy. They helped me prepare to walk in and be friendly and to see the best in each situation -- the best in each person there, the best in the house or place of the date, the best in the activities that were going on, the best in the music, and so on. They taught me to share my good feelings with the people around me and that I was always in a place of security. 

Kim explained that we're taught at an early age to care about what other people think. Our parents and schools do this for us, but then we need to spend our adult life getting in touch with ourselves -- our own vibrational energy -- and learning to not care what other people think. I was working on this and it really helped me be ready for getting outside myself and be ready for anything.

Tom took me to a party, and I had good things to say about everybody and everything there. I was a big hit, and everyone told Tom to keep bringing me back to their shindigs. I was the Party Cat!

Ray, Kim and I had a talk about exclusivity and whether that was what I wanted in my life right now just before my fourth date with Bill. They didn't tell me how to think, and I explained to them that it felt so great to be liked by my boyfriends and to be playing the field right. I told them, "If there is any exclusivity that is going to take place, it is going to be with the two of you on this higher level of support you're providing me. I hope you know that I'd give all my dating and friends up in an instant just to focus on my relationship with you."

"We know, Pumpkin," Ray said as he leaned in and kissed me. "We see that and we also see someone inside you that needs to grow and evolve -- to reconnect with the path you should have been on years ago. So, for a while yet, enjoy finding yourself. " The doorbell rang.

"So go have fun tonight with Bill," Ray added with a laugh.

"Can I introduce you?" I asked them as I headed for the door.

"Sure, if you want," Kim said.

I opened the front door, and there stood Bill with some flowers. "Oh, my!" I exclaimed. "Thank you so much. They're beautiful." I put my arms around his neck and gave him a big kiss. No one had ever given me flowers before. I actually got tears in my eyes and snuffled. Bill seemed impressed by his reception.

After the rest of our greeting I said, "Come and meet the couple I live with." I figured that was sufficiently truthful while at the same time vague to cover all contingencies. Ray and Kim both rose as I escorted Bill into the kitchen area where we'd been sitting. The usual round of introductions were made, some light banter, and then Bill and I were off on our date.

We met another couple that I didn't know -- friends of Bill's - at Zoria's downtown and the four of us had a lovely dinner. At one point I mentally pulled away from the conversation and thought about how far I'd come over the past three months. I had a growing reputation as a sharp dresser and was in all modesty the prettiest woman in the company. I was socially desirable and now had a few guys eager to date me. I no longer felt like a social misfit, at least most of the time; here I was having a great time on a date -- a real date -- and my voices were pretty quiet as I focused on my three dining companions and the conversation. I liked everyone and they liked me.

And, then there was the sex, I thought. Wow. I was more comfortable every day with my relation with Ray and Kim. Further, though, Bill and I were advancing up the ladder with each date and very soon, perhaps even tonight, I might share myself with him. I was curious and had the backing and encouragement of Ray and Kim. I was also comfortable in my bisexuality. I'd never thought it was any more unusual when it started than my heterosexual attraction to Ray, but as I came to have a relationship with Kim and looked around, I realized how unique -- and not always socially acceptable -- it was.

After dinner Bill suggested we go back to his condo and 'relax.' I knew this was a euphemism for making out and possibly having sex, and I was not only warm to the idea by the time dinner ended, I was horny and wanted to get laid! I coyly accepted his invitation, and I think it surprised him -- or perhaps it worried him.

Bill had a condo just off the downtown area of the City and was high up in his building where the views were spectacular -- day or night. I could tell he'd cleaned and straightened -- the place looked too clean and too neat. He'd been hopeful all day I guess.

We went onto his small balcony that overlooked both the harbor and most of the downtown. Somehow we quickly got into an embrace and started kissing. That led to French kissing and panting as our temperatures rose and libidos fired up. Bill tried to be a little subtle as he rubbed the back of his hand against one of my breasts. It had the desired effect soon enough.

I took the initiative further and reached one hand down and rubbed the rising lump in his pants; not only did it rise faster, but also Bill took that as an invitation to start unbuttoning and removing my blouse. I suggested that we step into the darkened living room to continue, and we did.

After Bill had removed my blouse and sexy brassiere, I kneeled in front of him and slowly and wantonly unzipped his pants. I purposely groped around inside his pants feigning difficulty in safely pulling him out. I finally said, "You know, Bill, this is probably a good time to lose your clothes." He was naked in thirty seconds. As he stripped, I removed my slacks and high heels. I then remembered something Kim had told me about continuing to wear heels during sex and how it really turned guys on, so I slipped my 'fuck me' spike heels back on my feet.

Bill and I turned to each other and hugged and caressed one another. I still had my thong on, but he was nude. I slithered down his body, biting gently at his neck, then one breast, and then running my tongue across his abdomen. He stood with his head back, moaning occasionally. I think he liked what I was doing.

I held his rising cock in one hand and gently ran my tongue over the business end of his rod. I allowed my teeth to contact the sides -- just gently enough to tease and firmly enough to worry. I smiled to myself. I was full of mischief. Then I slurped his piece into my mouth and started to oscillate my head back and forth. Bill moaned again only louder. 

Kim had worked with me about deep throating Ray so I thought I'd try it on Bill and see whether he liked it. I pulled my hand away so that only my mouth was holding his rod and then worked his shaft progressively deeper and deeper into my mouth, allowing it to touch my throat and holding off my reflexive action. Finally, I sank all the way down on his rod pushing my nose into his public hair. I held him there and used my tongue on part of his scrotum then rose up and sank completely down on him again.  

Bill's moan became a loud groan. "Joyce, I love what you're doing but you'd better stop. I want to make you happy, not just finish in record time." He touched my cheek in a tender gesture and pulled me up. "Sit in a chair and slide down so I can do you. Here, like that." He guided me into a large comfortable chair, and I slid down so my pussy was where he apparently wanted it.

Bill carefully slid my thong down my long legs pulling the frilly triangle of cloth over my three-inch heels. He tossed it to the side and then pulled my legs apart. I allowed him complete access, and I was not disappointed as his tongue searched around my thighs and abdomen before sliding down and licking up my entire slit. Now I was the one moaning as I held his head and guided his tongue and attentions to me. 

This man had talent. He quickly found my response spots and set about pleasuring me. He stopped at one point and looked at my reclined body, "You like?" He smiled at me, and I could see the gloss of my juices around his mouth.

"I like a lot!" I replied. "You have about three seconds to start again too." I pushed his head back in the direction of my pussy. He quickly went back to work. I talked to him, "Oh Bill, you are hitting my spots ...like right THERE! Oh, shit! Do it. Do it more. You can use your fingers ... you know, inside me. I have other pleasure spots hidden away. Ooooooooh."

Bill would pull away and talked to me too: "You taste divine! My God, you give great head. I can't believe I waited so long to ask you out; you're wonderful. Oh, Joyce ... Ohhhhhh."

He inserted a couple of fingers and started to thrust back and forth into me. Just the sensation of his fingers was exciting, but then he found my G-spot, and I came: not only did I cum, but also I ejaculated a little of my girl juice into his mouth and face. He didn't seem phased by my emissions except to lap at them just the way Ray did -- the same but different. I am so spoiled, I thought. I love my orgasms and he'd just given me a couple of little ones and one big one.

"Bill, let me come down there with you. I slid off the chair onto the floor bringing a cushion with me for my head. The rug was a deep pile and actually comfortable to lie on. I lay on my back and held my arms open to Bill -- and, of course, my legs.

I felt Bill's generous cock smooth along the folds of my cunt then he pushed just the head into me. I rose to meet him, but he pulled away slightly so no deeper penetration occurred. I looked at him and asked, "What are you doing to me?"

"Just be patient and enjoy," he told me with an evil grin.

He then pushed into me but only about a further quarter of an inch. He then pulled out so the bulbous head of his cock was nestled in the outer folds of my labia. He pushed in again, this time adding a further quarter of an inch. He rested and then extracted again. I tried to push up into him, but he was evasive. He slowly continued this way adding only a millimeter or two to each penetration, slowly going deeper and deeper on each thrust. There was no rush by him, but I was urging him on: "Deeper, Bill. Please put it all in me. Sink it all into me. Pleeeeeeeease." He'd reduced me to a begging slut.

After several minutes of this play, Bill finally bottomed out inside me -- his large cock swelling into the folds of my vagina. I could only guess that the tip was deep and near my cervix. I was deriving significant pleasure from this slow fuck. 

I moved my legs behind Bill's back and held him tightly to me as we kissed and tongued around each other's faces and necks. I liked the taste of me on his lips -- I'd gotten so used to it with Ray and Kim. I assume he was not put off by the still musky taste in my mouth of his pre-cum.

As we fucked, Bill would bring me up to brink -- or vice versa -- and then we'd back off. Up and down our pitch went. I was incredulous about how long we extended our union. He just smiled when I commented on it as we backed down our third time. He said, "Enjoyment is the goal -- not necessarily speed. Sometimes I like fast -- you'll see that in a few minutes. Right now, I like stretching it out with you. I'm savoring our experience together, aren't you?"

"Oh, most definitely," I told him as I thrust my hips up into his.

"Stay together and roll over -- so you're on top," he instructed me. We did a slow roll into the middle of the room.

"Now you're in control," Bill said. "Do you want fast or slow, smooth or rough, light touches or pounding?"

"Right now I want ...fast and rough," I stated as I rose to the very tip of his erect penis and then dropped with all my weight onto his body. I then repeated the process as fast as I could -- again and again and again. He was up thrusting into me as I dropped onto him, allowing gravity to aid our fuck.

We slapped together over and over. I could feel my approaching orgasm. I allowed the fingers of one hand to massage my clitoris as I oscillated over Bill, bringing myself even higher on my newly formed orgasm scale.

Finally, I crested. "Ooooooooh Bill, I'm thereeeeeeee," I moaned as that feeling of ecstasy swept over me. My head went back and my breathing stopped as I dropped onto his prick of satisfaction one last time. I felt the muscles in my cunt spasm against him. Bill came as well, his jets of cum surging into me as his back arched up off the carpeted floor to maximize our body contact and his penetration.

We were motionless in that suspending state of ecstasy for twenty or thirty seconds then our need for oxygen overtook our bodies, and we gasped for air. I fell forward into his arms while preserving the feeling of his cock in my body. I liked that.

"Oh, wow!" I gasped, "THAT was stupendous. Oh, you are a superb lover." I showered his face with kisses that he eagerly returned though we were both out of breath. "You hide this away from all the women in the office?" I asked. "What a loss that you don't post these services on the company bulletin board. You could make a small fortune doing this for womankind." Bill laughed as he panted.

As we floated down from our climaxes we rolled to our sides, but Bill kept his deflating cock in me. "It has a nice warm home that it doesn't want to leave," He told me. We smoothed and stroked each other's bodies. I rather enjoyed the skin-on-skin contact and wasn't about to rush departing. 

After we'd petted and talked for perhaps half an hour I felt Bill stiffen inside me again. He started subtle movement of his hips against me, and I urged him on. Finally I said, "Wait. Let me help this along." I pulled off Bill and then sucked his partially inflated cock into my mouth, cleaning our juices off and adding new stimulation. At this stage, I could easily deep throat him and did as I worked him back to a state of warm steel.

Bill finally said, "I'm done and ready." He surprised me by rising and pulling me up to a standing position. "Come with me," he said leading the way onto his balcony overlooking the city. "Lean against the railing," he told me; "I've always had a fantasy about doing this."

As I did, he stepped behind me and slipped his long cock into my dripping vagina. He slid in with minimal effort and started a slow rocking and thrusting behind me. I stood in my shiny black three-inch spike heels and braced against the railing looking out over the City as the warm night air circulated around us. Bill reached forward and around me, fondling my now pendulous breasts as they hung down and swayed with his thrusts. He pinched my nipples as he moved and pushed me right back into orbit. In seconds, I was fully with the agenda -- I wanted to cum, and I wanted his cum.

There was something odd about being naked in public although we were sixteen stories above street level. I felt as if I should be embarrassed, yet no one was yelling up at us. Instead, I could look down on the traffic and watch several people walking along the sidewalk far below. And as I did this mundane and everyday activity of watching the traffic and the evening strollers, I had this lovely, long, warm cock pounding into my cunt.

Bill was not slow this time nor did I want him to be. He pumped hard into me for several minutes then warned, "I'm getting near. Any special requests?"

"No," I answered over my shoulder, "just a full bucket of cum inside me." I grabbed his hand and sucked two of his fingers into my mouth as though I was giving them a blowjob. I felt him speed up in response to this erotic move. 

About a minute later I could feel Bill's thrusts becoming more emphatic and determined. "I'm there," he announced.

I was there too. I tensed and rubbed my clit a few times just to heighten the feeling of arousal and cum that washed over me. Bill tightened into me and held my hips tightly as he pulled my sweaty body into his groin. Again, I could feel his cum splashing into my cunt. The climax wasn't as intense this time, partly because I kept looking to see whether anyone had noticed our very visible outdoor fuck. No one appeared to see us, or if they did they were invisible behind one of the darkened panes of glass in some other building.

Bill waited a minute then slowly pulled his long and deflating cock from me. He pulled me into his arms and turned me so we could kiss. "My God, you are sexy," he told me. "This is one night of my life I hope to never forget."

I smiled at him in a sexy way as we held each other then felt a dollop of his cum start to dribble down my leg. "Oops. Sexy I may be, but I'm also leaking." I clasped my legs together and clenched my vaginal.

In a flash Bill picked me up and carried me back into his apartment. He strode across the living room where I kicked off my shoes, then down a short hall into his bedroom and subsequently into the large master bathroom. He had me use my toe to turn on the light switch. He set me down in front of the shower and started the water running. We giggled and laughed again as I pressed myself against his masculine body, smearing some of the juices on my legs onto his legs.

When the water was the right temperature, we stepped into the large enclosure. "Yummmm!" I said, "This is very nice." We both cleaned each other and I let Bill pay special attention to my leaking cunt. With a few rippling muscles, I think I ejected at least some of the excess fluid he'd jettisoned into me.

After the shower we dried off. He had a blow dryer that I used on my hair. "What's your pleasure, milady?" Bill asked. "Will you stay over or do you want to return to your castle?"

I thought for a moment, "Much as napping next to you would be a pleasure, I want to go home even though it's late. Do you mind?"

"Not a bit," he said. We reclaimed our clothing. Bill dressed just in shorts, loafers, and a t-shirt; I re-dressed in my evening attire but was a little less caring of how things looked. We went back to his condo's garage, and he drove me home.

I let him come around the car and open the door for me. I was learning -- I am a beautiful, sexy, desirable, worthy young woman. As I got out, the two of us pressed tightly against each other. We both thanked each other for a very nice evening, gave final hugs and kisses, and then I slipped into the house. It was one thirty.

I undressed and slipped into bed beside Kim. Ray was sprawled out across the rest of the bed in a way that didn't invite sleeping on that side. Kim mumbled something unintelligible and rolled over and gave me some room. I kissed her naked shoulder and lay back. The room had that sweet smell of sex. I smiled to myself; I was glad they'd enjoyed themselves. Soon after I fell asleep.

I awoke with a start about seven o'clock. The sun was shining around the edge of the curtain on the east window. Ray and Kim were still zonked; their naked bodies totally relaxed in their repose. 

My voices were screaming at me -- I guess that's why I woke up. I listened -- unfortunately. "You slut. You got fucked last night - you whore. You should be married to do that. Slut. You were unfaithful to Ray and Kim. Don't you have any morals? You fucked Bill and then came home and slept with your other lovers. Whore! You earned your dinner with a cheap fuck. You don't deserve ..." They wouldn't stop.
