 Bill couldn't wait to get home and tell Tracy about his fabulous find on the internet today. He was surfing a few of his favorite bisexual sites at lunchtime and came across an article written by the site's reporter about a new resort in Mexico that sounded just perfect for the vacation they were planning in a few months. It was an all-inclusive resort hotel on a private island off the coast of Mexico near Riviera Maya. The couples- only hotel catered to people who loved sex and wanted a very sexual vacation with great food, accommodations and all sports and activities. They provided areas for bisexuals and heterosexuals and most of the evening activities centered around sex. Guests could have sex anywhere on the property or in their rooms or in the playrooms provided by the hotel. Any member of the staff was available for sex providing that they agreed. The rates were reasonable and he was all for making reservations and just knew that his wife would agree once he told her about it. 

They were both bisexual and had a very open, loving relationship in which they invited others to join from time to time. As soon as he walked in the door, he told Tracy to sit down as he had something to discuss with her about their upcoming vacation. "I just found the perfect vacation for us but, from what I understand, we have to make reservations soon as they book up quickly," he said. Then he told her about "Scandals", the resort in Mexico and even before he told her everything, she agreed that he should make reservations immediately as it sounded fantastic. He asked if he had a few minutes before dinner was served and went to the computer and pulled up the website. 

They had a 6 day all inclusive plan which included airfare and was a little pricey but considering that everything, including food and drink was included and what the hotel was offering them, they thought it was well worth it. He and Tracy looked at the website together and saw the photos of the hotel, rooms, restaurants, swimming pools, beach, etc. and loved what they saw as it was a first class operation. He noticed that the Home page mentioned very prominently that this was a hotel catering to people who enjoyed sex and sexuality. Couples only and no children! 

Before making the reservations, he went to Google and got much more information on the resort. They were both nudging each other every few minutes as they read some articles about Scandals written by swinger magazines and even the Wall Street Journal. They saw a picture of one of the playrooms in action. It was an overall shot and showed about 50 or so people, all naked and mixing it up on the leather padded floor. The article described some of the contests that were held in the evenings for entertainment and included a "Mr. Penis" and "Ms. Pussy" competition as well as "Best Blowjob" (Male & Female) and many other sexy contests. 

The reporter had gone with his wife and said they never had a better time anywhere in the world and recommended it to all couples who embraced the sexual lifestyle. After reading a few articles like this, Bill and Tracy were sold on the place and immediately made reservations over the internet. They received an e-mail confirmation about 10 minutes later and talked about the place when they got into bed that night and got horny just thinking about the possibilities. 

As Tracy speculated on what kind of people would be there, Bill was playing with her nipples, which were hard as little rocks and standing out from her rather full chest. She talked about the bi playroom, which they read about in the articles and saw photos of on the website, and voiced concern that it would be a nice looking group of people that came to the hotel. Bill reminded her that the resort drew people from all over the world as it was quite unique so the variety of people would be interesting. She couldn't get over the fact that the bi playroom was open 24/7 and anytime they felt like playing, no matter what time of day or night, they could go down there and pleasure themselves. She started fantasizing about mixing it up with a group of delicious looking people and, as she talked, Bill trailed his tongue down her stomach and over her shaved mound of venus and then over her clit hood into her sweet tasting slit. 

As he started licking her clit hood, she stopped talking and drew his organ to her mouth so she could suckle it while he pleasured her. Bill loved sucking her cunt. It tasted and smelled fabulous and he could never get enough of her juices. He lost himself in her crotch and nibbled her labia, sucked her clit and teased her anal opening with his tongue as he investigated every millimeter of her sex organs. 

Meanwhile, she was nursing on his swollen crown and enjoying the precum he was steadily feeding her. She loved his precum and often told him that she could make a fortune selling it on the open market for "hundreds per gram". She started to deep throat his thick shaft and the two of them lost themselves in the pleasure they were giving each other. After some time, Bill felt his organ expand as the first spurt of cum shot into her throat and he went off into another world of total ecstasy as he pumped load after load into her hungry mouth. After the first spurt almost choked her and she managed to gulp it down, she immediately backed off and caught his remaining loads on her tongue so that she could enjoy its flavor before swallowing it. 

He had moved his lips to her rigid clit, which had come out of its protective hood and took it between his lips and sucked on it like he would a penis. He loved her clit. It was quite large and looked like a miniature cock with a little sloped head that was irresistible to him. As he sucked the little cock between his lips, she started to moan and then pushed her clit against his mouth as she went into a series of delightful spasms and her body quivered as she wet his face with her juices. The two of them were exhausted as they both had had a busy day so they fell asleep with their heads in each other's crotches. 

The next few months seemed to drag by for both of them, as they couldn't wait to go on their vacation but lo and behold, here they were in a cab heading for the airport! They made sure that they had packed all their favorite toys, especially Tracy's double ender strap on, and fervently hoped that the baggage inspectors wouldn't empty out the whole bag so everyone would see it and their other toys. Fortunately, they didn't and after the usual wait at the gate, they boarded their flight and got settled in their seats. Their flight was to Cancun and then by car about 2 hours south to the resort. Their hostess was an absolute doll named Gina who had an angel's face and a wicked body and they hit it off with her right away. She asked where we were going to stay in Cancun and we told her that we weren't going to be in Cancun that we had to go about 2 hours south to our hotel. 

Her eyes lit up and she exclaimed, "You aren't going to Scandals, are you?" 

We looked at her in surprise and told her that was exactly where we were headed. 

"Well, I'll be darned. I decided to take a few days off and am headed there also so now we can get to know one another on the 2 hour drive. 

"I thought that this was a couples only resort" Bill asked. She told him that her boyfriend, a pilot for another airline should be waiting for her as he should have gotten to Scandals a few hours ago. 

On the ride down to the hotel, after they contacted the resort limo driver. Gina told them that she and her boyfriend had been to Scandals a few times already and always had a great time and both were looking forward to it. Bill told her that they were first timers and really didn't know what to expect. 

"Expect great sex" she replied "because that's what the place is about. "Are you both bi?" she asked. 

Bill answered in the affirmative and she smiled as she said that they were going to see a lot of each other and that she was sure that we would both go for her guy. The driver interrupted them over the intercom and reminded them that they were now in the hotel's car which provided the same freedom as being on the hotel property so they are free to do anything they wished on the ride down. 

Tracy smiled and asked Bill, "May I please see how well you're built?" 

Bill grinned at her and answered, "How can I possibly refuse such a request from such a beautiful woman?" and he unzipped his fly, reached in and withdrew his semi hard penis and full balls for her inspection. There was a sharp intake of breath from Gina as she gazed at his thick organ. 

"It's gorgeous" she said. It's almost exactly a replica of John's!" and Tracy told her that she couldn't wait to meet John if he has a cock exactly like her husband's. 

Gina reached out and grasped his penis around the middle of the shaft as it hardened in her hand. When it was fully erect, she ran her fingers all over the shaft and crown and enumerated all the features that were the same as John. Then she dipped her head and licked the head and then ran her tongue down the shaft and over his balls before coming back to his irresistible cock. She covered his entire crown with her lips and started nursing on it as she played with his balls and she was taking him away on a wonderful trip. Tracy moved over behind Gina and lifted her skirt over her hips as she sucked Bill and removed the sexy thong she was wearing. Gina had a gorgeous ass which beautifully framed her protruding labia and Tracy couldn't resist licking the swollen flesh and running her tongue between them into the heavenly slit. As soon as Gina felt Tracy's breath on her crotch, she spread her legs as much as she could to give her full access as she loved having her pussy sucked while she had a nice thick penis in her mouth. 

Bill's seat was facing the rear so he couldn't see the driver and hoped he had his eyes on the road since he knew that he could see everything in the rear view mirror. After a while he was transported into another world as Gina did her magic on his cock and on occasion he was brought back to the present when either Tracy or Gina would cry out in orgasm. Tracy was pulling on her clit as she sucked the delicious cunt and all three of them were on a high. Bill loved the way Gina sucked his cock. He could tell how much she loved cock from the way she sucked it and he gave himself up to her mouth and hands and experienced a world of sensation before he felt his cum boiling out of his balls and suddenly spurting gobs of cream into Gina's voracious mouth. She gulped down each load, moaning all the while and wetting Tracy's face with her cum juices as she experienced another mind blowing orgasm. Then he heard his wife's muffled moan as she licked up Gina's juices and wet her fingers in a beautiful orgasm. 

Gina sat back and thanked both of them for a wonderful time and promised that as soon as they got to the hotel, she would reciprocate with Tracy as she couldn't wait to get to know her properly. 

"And you don't have to feel left out, Bill because you are going to love my guy and will be well occupied, I'm quite sure," she told him with a coy smile. 

As Bill straightened out his clothing, Gina picked up her thong and put it in her bag saying, "I'm not going to need this for a few days anyway." 

Bill asked if everyone walks around naked in the resort and was told that they all start out wearing bathing suits or casual clothing but rarely keep them on much. 

She said that when we go down to the beach or pool, we'll see couples, whether MF, MM or FF, having sex wherever they may be at the time. 

"I remember once being here when a couple decided to fuck in a canoe and she couldn't swim. When the canoe overturned, she almost drowned because her husband had hit his head and was just about hanging on to conciousness. The hotel lifeguards made a quick rescue and told them that this wasn't the first time that happened so they keep a sharp eye on all couples on the water." Gina told them. 

"Well, we're both pretty strong swimmers so we don't have to worry about that!" Tracy said with a smile. 

The intercom blared as the driver told them that they would pulling up to the hotel in about 5 minutes and he hoped that they enjoyed the drive. 

They all smiled and Bill told him, "You must have seen everything and I have to compliment you on not crashing the car." 

He told them that his name was Luis and that if they ever wanted any special service to please ask the desk for him. He told them that they should know that all the male hotel employees had to be at least 8" in length and 3" in diameter. 

Gina mused that she thought she might have had him one time when they were there but she couldn't be sure. "All the hotel employees are built beautifully and are available at any time of the day or night also." she said, adding, "including the females. A maid came in one morning to clean the room and wound being thoroughly cleaned herself." 

Then Luis announced their arrival and opened the door for them. There was a bellhop already getting their luggage and, as soon as he loaded it onto the dolly, he asked them to follow him to the lobby desk. He led them to a large table in the lobby behind which sat an absolutely stunning Hispanic beauty who wore the nametag, "Maria". She registered each of them and Gina asked if her friend had checked in yet and, after checking the computer, she told her that he had checked in a few hours ago. Gina asked what room they were in and Maria told her so she took leave of them and headed to her room to see John and told Tracy and Bill she would phone them shortly as she really couldn't wait for them to get together with him. Maria got a bellhop to show Gina to her room and another for them. Their room was magnificent. It was actually a sitting room and a bedroom combination and when he went into the huge bathroom he came back and took Tracy's hand and led her back inside to show her the huge Jacuzzi taking up half the room. 

She loved the total relaxation that a Jacuzzi gave her and figured that if this place turns out to be the hot place it's supposed to be, they're both going to enjoy this feature very much which will help rejuvenate them between sessions. They unpacked and hung up their clothes and decided to go down to the beach and relax in the sun and take a swim. Tracy wasn't sure whether she should wear a bikini or go naked with a robe and Bill suggested that she wear her bikini until they see what's happening around them.

Just as they were preparing to leave, the phone rang and Gina asked if they were going down to the beach and told them where they would meet them. They asked a bellhop how to go down to the beach and followed his directions and came upon Gina and a very good looking, tall, dark haired guy with a fabulous, athletic build and bulging muscles. He was wearing the European style speedo suit and you could easily see the huge bulge of his equipment which attracted both of them immediately. Gina introduced them and Bill felt the good vibes between them as soon as he shook hands and Tracy experienced the same feeling. They headed towards the beach and saw many palapas spread out over the white sand which stretched along the shore for quite a distance. They found an unoccupied palapas and pulled over another 2 chaise lounge chairs under the shade of the large roof. 

The chairs all had comfortable foam pads and they settled themselves down. Gina removed her bikini and put some sunscreen on her body before pulling the chair into the sun and lying down to soak it up. Bill had noticed that most of the couples that they passed on the beach were nude and that some of them were screwing. 

Gina called out, "This sun feels so good on my body that I could give myself up totally to its pleasures. I love the warmth of the sun on my body. Especially those parts that rarely get it." 

John asked her to please be careful with the hot Mexican sun so she doesn't ruin her vacation with a bad burn and she promised him she'd go back in the shade in another few minutes. 

A pretty young waitress wearing the hotel's bikini, which didn't really cover much, asked, "Would anyone like something to drink or a blowjob?" 

Gina immediately answered asking her if she would please go down on her while she lay in the sun and the young lady, whose nametag read, "Simone" walked over and dropped to her knees between Gina's spread thighs and began licking and sucking her crotch. John reminded her that she was in the sun and to be careful, no matter how good she was being eaten and a few minutes later was answered when she shuddered and cried out as she held the young gal's head to her cunt and wet her face with her orgasm. She thanked Simone and got up and pulled her chair into the shade. Bill had noticed that John's cock sprang to life as soon as Simone went down on Gina and he asked him if he would mind if he got to know him better. John smiled and told him that he wanted to do the same thing but he would love to allow him the first chance and sat back and spread his legs with his knees pulled back and his feet on the chair. Bill got comfortable and gazed at the beautiful penis in front of him. 

It really was very similar to his and, since he had always fantasized about being able to suck his own cock, this would be a good substitute. He ran his fingers up the thick shaft and over the satin smooth crown and saw a large drop of precum well up in the slit. He immediately licked it off before it could slide down and be lost forever and found its flavor as delicious as his own, which he loved having his wife feed him when they had sex. He loved the feel and taste of John's cock and was enjoying himself immensely as the gals watched and made comments about how beautiful they looked. Tracy's eyes were glazed as she watched her husband suck the beautiful penis which looked just like his and Gina noticed this. 

"Lay back and watch them while I get to know you, my darling." she told Tracy and got down between the gorgeous thighs and fastened her eyes on the sexy slit before her. 

"Oh my, you have the most beautiful clitoris I have ever seen. It looks like a little cock!" she exclaimed in delight as Tracy's organ was already out of her hood and fully erect. 

They hadn't noticed but a young couple had come over and spread a towel on the sand in front of them and sat there watching them while playing with each other's organs. Bill was in heaven as he loved sucking John's beautiful penis. He was lightly stroking the thick cock as he sucked John and listened to his wife's cries and gasps of passion as Gina worshipped her crotch and sent her off on one beautiful trip after another. Then John tapped Bill on the shoulder and asked if he would please get up and swing around so that he could enjoy himself also. As soon as Bill was in position, the both of them wrapped their lips around their thick shafts and began to suck and nurse each other while moaning all the while. Meanwhile, the gals took their lead and were 69ing also as Gina rubbed her cunt all over Tracy's face as she sucked deeply on the delicious pussy. 

The four of them went off to pleasure heaven together and took each other on one high after another until suddenly John pulled his mouth from Bill's penis and announced his impending orgasm and then went right back to deep throating the penis that was so much like his own. His organ exploded and sent streams of cum into Bill's greedy mouth which sucked deeply on his shaft and gulped down his offering as each load shot out. As he swallowed John's cum, Bill stiffened and his organ jerked as it started spurting ropes of creamy juice into John's voracious mouth and both of them emptied their balls and fed each other the juices they both loved so much. The young couple applauded the four of them for a fantastic show and picked up their towel and went back to their lounge chairs and started eating each other. 
