 Gina and John were waiting for them when they got to the restaurant and they were shown to a table immediately. The restaurant was beautifully decorated and was quite crowded. They ordered drinks and Gina said, 

"Don't look now, but I think that good looking blonde over there is being eaten from the expression on her face!" 

They looked in the direction she was gazing and saw a ravishing blonde beauty whose eyes were totally glazed over with a rapturous look on her face. There were two men at the table with her and suddenly one of them moaned and his face screwed up in passion. The tablecloth was down to the floor so they couldn't see anything but the blonde had calmed down and now it was her companions turn to reflect the passion he was feeling. 

A short while later, as they were discussing what to order, a cute looking redhead emerged from under the table across the way and took her seat with her friends with a satisfied smile on her face. One of the men had noticed them staring at them and came over to their table and explained that his wife loved having a pre-appetizer to start off the meal. Bill smiled at him and told him that his wife had excellent taste and perhaps they could get together later. He introduced himself as Kurt and told them that they planned on visiting the Bi Playroom after dinner so perhaps they could meet there and then took leave of them and went back to his table.

The dinner was excellent and all of them made sure not to eat too much as they didn't want to be too full to enjoy the coming activities. After finishing coffee and cordials, they headed for the Playroom with both Tracy and Bill voicing their anticipation of what was waiting for them there. John opened the door prominently marked, "The Bi Playroom" with a flourish and showed them into a huge room that was quite crowded with people, mostly naked and in the middle of some form of sex. He led them to a dressing room near the entrance and suggested that they remove their clothing. When all of them were nude, they walked back into the room which had a floor covered in thick padded leather. They stood there for a few moments looking around at all the action going on when they heard someone calling to them and turned to see the guy from dinner motioning them to come over. 

He introduced his wife, Cora, and their friends Connie and Phil. Connie was the gorgeous blonde who had been eaten by Cora at the table and Tracy immediately went up to her and took her hand and told her that she would love to put that same look on her face that she saw at dinner. Connie smiled and said that she would be delighted and the two of them sank to the floor as Tracy made herself comfortable between the blonde's gorgeous, shapely thighs and gazed with reverence at the petal like labia which were slightly swollen and parted revealing the inviting pink flesh of her vaginal opening. She leaned forward and flicked her tongue over the delicate lips and found her taste and aroma most inviting. 

As she lost herself in the pleasures that Connie's cunt provided, Cora had dropped to her knees and taken Bill's cockhead between her lips and began nursing on it while cupping his big balls in her hands. John was staring at Kurt's organ which seemed to fascinate him as it was of average length but very thick with an extremely large crown. Kurt noticed him staring at it and walked over to him and asked if he would like to get to know it better. John didn't say a word but dropped to his knees and took the crown into his mouth and started sucking it as he played with the big balls hanging underneath it. Meanwhile, Phil had taken Gina's hand and asked her to lay down so that he could show her what he thought of her beauty and then buried his face in her crotch.

Cora was doing a marvelous job on Bill's organ and making his knees turn to water so he asked her to wait a moment as he lay down on the padding and then asked her to swing around so that he could get at her also. She lowered her sexy cunt to his mouth as she went back to sucking his shaft and he found her crotch a most inviting place to be. She was a small, delicate woman with small, pert breasts and a slim body but he was very pleasantly surprised to find that she had a very large and thick clitoris which was very sensitive. Each time his tongue flicked over the large organ, she shuddered and moaned and when he took it between his lips, she quivered in orgasm and wet his face with a surprising flow of creamy cum which he found very tasty. She didn't slow up a bit during or after her orgasm and kept sucking his cock and grinding her cunt all over his face as she kept up a steady moan and was giving him a hum job which sent him off on a wonderful high. 

As he lost himself in the pleasures that he was getting both from her tasty crotch and her talented mouth, Bill felt a hand on his ass and then a finger trailed down to asshole and quietly slipped inside. He glanced up and saw that it was the young guy who had been watching him 69 with John on the beach this morning. He leaned over and smiled down at him and politely asked if he could play with him while he went on with what he was doing and Bill nodded it was ok. He looked up between Cora's legs and saw the pretty face of the gal who was one of the watchers. She was intent on fingering Cora's anus and every once in a while would lower her head and lick the tiny hole and look into Bill's eyes as he fervently sucked the gorgeous clit like it was a little cock. Then he drove his tongue deep inside her cunt and the next time she came down to tongue Cora's opening, he pulled his mouth from the wet cunt and held out his tongue for her to suck. She didn't hesitate a second and closed her mouth over his dripping wet tongue and sucked every drop of Cora's juices off it before going back to teasing her anus. 

After some time of this, Cora pulled her mouth off his erection and asked him if he would please fuck her as she needs his cock desperately. He lifted himself up and got between her spread thighs and fit the tip of his throbbing penis to her wet opening and slipped it inside as she gasped in pleasure. He slowly fed his thickness into her inch by inch until she was full of cock and then settled into a steady series of long, deep thrusts which caused her to cry out in pleasure each time his organ went deep into her. Then the young girl straddled Cora's head and squat down feeding her crotch to Cora's mouth which hungrily investigated every millimeter of it. She was looking into Bills' eyes all through this and had a sexy smile on her pretty face as she tweaked her nipples and ground her crotch into Cora's face. 

Then Bill felt a cock run down his ass crack and rub against his anus. He could feel the wetness as precum was deposited all over his hole just before he felt a thick penis enter him. He glanced around and the young guy smiled at him and told him that he had a very sexy ass and he just couldn't resist fucking it. Bill smiled back and asked him to do a good job as he loves a nice fat cock in his ass while his cock is buried in pussy and the penis inside him responded by settling into a rhythm complementing his thrusts into Cora. He turned back and the young lady told him her name was Dianne and that he was being fucked by her husband, Bruce and that they had had their eyes on he and his wife ever since they first saw them this morning. Cora's cunt was contracting around his organ each time he went deep and it was sending him off to another world so he didn't answer her and, from the glazed look in his eyes, she knew why, so she concentrated on feeding her crotch to Cora's voracious mouth and went off on a high also. 

The kid was good. He knew how to use his tool and was giving Bill wonderful sensations as he stroked his thick organ in and out of his ass. Then Tracy came over and kissed him on the lips and asked if he was having a good time. He grinned at her and she went off again telling him she'd see him later. 

The cock in his ass felt wonderful and he turned his head towards Bruce, 

"Your penis feels fabulous. I love what you're doing to me!" he said. 

Dianne asked him to look into her eyes as her husband's cock thrust into him as she wanted to see the expression on his face and in his eyes. She was still tweaking her nipples and fucking Cora's mouth and looked very sexy. Then suddenly he heard a muffled cry and felt Cora's body tense as she went into orgasm and wet his thick pole with her juices. Right after that, he heard Dianne cry out and watched as she arched her back and bore down on Cora's face as her body quivered in orgasm. Then he couldn't hold out any longer and felt his cock swell as it began shooting streams of hot cum deep inside the greedy cunt. When his second spurt shot into her, 

Cora moaned and shuddered in another orgasm as her cunt tightly grasped his jerking penis. As he was coming back down to earth, he felt the thick cock inside him explode and start spurting a huge quantity of cum into his ass depths and he was in heaven. Bruce slowly withdrew his penis and Bill pulled his out of Cora as Dianne lifted herself off Cora's face and the four of them relaxed on the floor. 

Bruce excused himself and headed for the showers which were in the back of the dressing room and he looked at Dianne, asking, "Have you two been here before?" 

"No, this is our first time. How about you?" 

Bill told her it was their first time also and Cora quipped, 

"You're just a couple of rookies! Kurt and I have been coming here every year for the last 5 years and it just keeps getting better!" 

Bill asked Cora where they lived and she told them LA. He told them that they were from NYC and asked Dianne where they were from. 

"Chapel Hill", she said. "Bruce is an associate professor of history and I work in the university office. We have absolutely no chance to have sex the way we like it unless we go out of town as Bruce won't take the chance on screwing up his opportunity there. He's hoping for a full professorship soon. When we heard about this place over the internet, we flipped and just had to come here and it's wonderful. My only regret is that we only came for a week." 

Bill told her that anytime they could get away, even for a weekend, they were welcome to come to NY and stay with them and make up for all the lost time at Chapel Hill. 

She smiled at him and thanked him as she said, "We're going to take you up on that offer!"

Just then, Tracy joined them and asked to be introduced to the beautiful young lady with whom he was conversing and he introduced them mentioning that Dianne and Bruce would probably be spending a weekend with them sometime in the future so he suggested that all of them get to know one another now while they have the opportunity. Dianne told them that she would love Bill to fuck her while she sucks Tracy's pussy and he looked down at his limp penis and told her to watch the magic as he asked Tracy to play with his cock. Sure enough her talented hands had him standing erect in no time and he told Dianne to lay back and spread her legs. When he got between her sexy thighs and gazed at her gorgeous spread, his penis jerked in anticipation as she presented a very sexy sight. Her cunt was quite long and her delicate labia were swollen and parted revealing her pink opening and her tiny, puckered anal opening just underneath it. 

Her crotch was framed by her shapely thighs and the picture was a masterpiece. She grasped his cock around the middle of the shaft and fit the tip to her wet opening and pulled him into her. Then she watched as Tracy's crotch appeared above her face and slowly descended to her mouth. Bill caught a glimpse of her glazed eyes as she patiently waited for Tracy's cunt to reach her lips and then heard her moan as Tracy rubbed her wet cunt all over her mouth and face while he stroked deeply into her. 

"Could you turn your head towards me for a moment?" 

he heard Bruce say to him and as he turned to look at him, all he saw was a gorgeous, swollen cockhead approaching his mouth and he eagerly wrapped his lips around it and began nursing on it as he fucked Dianne. 

While this was going on, the action around them increased as more guests arrived and joined in. As he sucked Bruce's delicious crown, Bill noticed Gina riding a guy's cock like she was on a horse as she sucked a very thick, short penis. Next to her John was fucking a big redhead as a guy buried his erection in his ass and started fucking him in rhythm to his strokes. Cora was over on the other side of her and was going back and forth sucking two big cocks as a blonde woman buried her mouth in her crotch. No matter where he looked, there was action going on and he loved it. He sucked on the beautiful and tasty penis like it was a desert treat as his penis probed Dianne's comfortable and exciting pussy.  Tracy was getting near orgasm as she was saying things like, 

"Suck that beautiful cock, husband! Draw the juices from his balls so that you can have your second favorite drink!" 

Bruce asked her what Bill's favorite drink was and she replied. 

"Why, mine, of course!" and then shuddered as Dianne nibbled on her clit. 

After some time, Bill suggested that they switch positions as he would like to fuck Bruce while he fucked Tracy and as they got into position, Dianne was pulled over out of his sight. When Bruce had worked his thick organ deep inside Tracy's hole, Bill rubbed some precum off the tip of his cock into the tight anal opening and pushed his head inside as Bruce gasped in pleasure. He fed his cock into the warm, comfortable hole until he was buried deep inside and was pressed against Bruce's full and tight ass cheeks. His asshole felt just like a cunt and Bill soon lost himself in fucking Bruce as Bruce fucked his wife and the three of them went to Nirvana together. 

As they fucked, a nice looking, rather portly gentleman came over and stood there looking at Tracy's face, which was reflecting the pleasure she was getting from Bruce's thick organ. He had a full erection and his penis was quite thick with a smooth, sloped crown and Tracy reached up and grasped his shaft in her hand and pulled him down to her mouth so that she could taste it. He dropped to his knees as he straddled her head and fed her his organ to suck describing to one and all how good her mouth felt on his penis. Both Bruce and Bill were at the stage where they could remain hard and fuck for a long time without cumming so after Tracy's second orgasm, they decided to take a break and relax. 

The gentleman that Tracy was sucking withdrew his organ from her mouth and went off to other pastures as they sat up to survey the scene around them. John and Gina came over and asked if they were having a good time and Tracy told them that she felt as though she were in paradise. John asked if they would like to take a look at some of the other rooms available to them and they followed them to the door questioning whether they had to dress to go outside. 

Gina told them that clothing was optional at the hotel, except for the restaurants, and they stepped out into the hallway completely nude. Bill remarked that it felt strange to be walking down the corridor of a public hotel naked and then he noticed a small group of people walking towards them also in the nude and he no longer felt strange. John stopped at the door marked, "Straight Playroom" and opened the door so that they could look in. The place was quite crowded with naked people in all sorts of positions and was just like the room they were in except that there were no bisexual activities going on. Then John closed the door and took them down the hall to another room marked, "The Dungeon" and opened the door to reveal a slightly smaller room that had all sorts of bondage equipment and racks in it. 

There were quite a few couples in there and they watched as a young girl was stretched on a wheel rack with each of her organs being manipulated by either a man or woman. A mature man was spread eagled on the floor with his wrists and ankles fastened and a leather thong around his balls which was attached to a wheel which was being slowly turned by a woman wearing a very sexy black leather outfit that revealed all her organs. The thong was getting tighter and his hips were high in the air to relieve the pressure on his balls but his cock was fully erect and leaking precum as he moaned. They decided that this was not their bag and closed the door and headed back to their exciting playroom. 

They entered the room and as they walked past the action, hands were reaching out for their organs to draw them into the sex that was going on. They were looking for Cora and the others when Bill spotted a fantastic looking blonde with fabulous breasts who seemed to be resting between sessions as she had a drink in her hand and was leaning against the wall talking to a couple. Her eyes were on him as he approached and then her gaze shifted to his organ which had risen from all the hand play as he walked. When he got closer, she spread her legs slightly and he was shocked to see a long, thick penis at rest between her very sexy thighs. She smiled at the surprise on his face and asked if he was intrigued enough to join her for a while. He called to Tracy, who was a short distance away and when she came over he asked her if she would like to join him in getting to know….."Carla", she said, helping him out. Tracy's face showed her surprise as she gazed at the beauty with the fabulous cock and, after introductions all around, they sat down as the other couple said their goodbyes and walked off to join some other people. 

Bill asked Carla if she would mind if he got to know her better and she smiled and told him to go right ahead as she had the same thing in mind. He settled himself between her sexy thighs and lifted her thick, soft organ to his lips. Her crown was gorgeous and very suckable. It tasted delicious and started to grow in his mouth as he gently sucked it which was a tremendous turn on for him as he loved feeling a penis harden in his mouth. Tracy sat down alongside Carla and kissed her full lips as she played with her gorgeous breasts and large erect nipples. Bill reached down, as he nursed on the almost fully erect cock, to play with her balls and stopped short as his fingers found the folds of a pussy instead. He lifted his head in surprise and she smiled down at him and told him that he was in luck because he now had both organs to play with as she was a hermaphrodite. 

Tracy pulled her lips from the rigid nipple she was sucking, 

"My heavens", she exclaimed, "I've always wanted to meet someone like you. Bill, move over as I want to see this for myself." 

And she got down alongside her husband as Carla lay back and spread her legs wide for them to examine her. As Bill continued sucking the now fully erect, magnificent penis, Tracy leaned forward and gazed at the gorgeous cunt just underneath it and then ran her tongue up and down the slit as she commented on how good it tasted. The two of them had Carla quivering in passion as both her organs were being pleasured so beautifully by the two talented mouths and she was moaning and urging both of them on as they lost themselves in her. After a while, Tracy lifted her head and asked Bill to switch with her as she wanted to suck the beautiful cock also and they changed positions. When Bill slipped his tongue into the depths of her sexy cunt, he found her taste and her aroma a tremendous turn on for him and he began eating her with unbounded passion. 

Her clit was fairly small but each time he ran his tongue over it, she shook and moaned and pushed it against his mouth. He sucked her petal-like labia into his mouth and drove his tongue as deep as he could into her pink opening and licked up the delicious juices that flowed down her passage. Then Carla cried out, 
