 So Lexi and I dated briefly a few years ago but eventually decided just to be friends with benefits. For a while she was making ends meet by having sex with men but decided dancing at a strip club was "less illegal" and safer. She also got a boyfriend, we'll call him M, and started dancing private events with M as her security guy. I went to her club a few times to watch her dance and it was always so much fun to party with her and the other dancers. She tried to convince me to dance several times but I always shied away from the stage, but last year I agreed to do a girl/girl sex show for one of her private parties. 

I guess she and M had an arrangement where she could offer oral sex for a "special tip" at these private parties. So the idea was to make the guys horny so she could make more in "special tips". The sex show was a lot of fun, mainly just her and I fooling around like we've done before, kissing in sexy outfits and stripping, playing with each other with toys, oral on each other; we made sure each had a good orgasm or two as the guys watched and "made it rain". It was exhilarating. We finished by coyly informing the guys what a "special tip" would get them. At that point, I slipped on a strap-on toy Lexi brought and we got in a doggy position. I work her from behind as any willing guy would sit in front of her. It was hot watching her cum from me fucking her and sucking a cock. 

At the end of the night, Lexi, M, and I went back to their place to have a few drinks and relax. We were a bit drunk and having fun in a highly sexual atmosphere when M said he was still horny from watching Lexi and I have sex and wanted a blowjob too. Lexi teasingly moaned about giving another blowjob when I unexpectedly made an offer to do it. I said it would be to show our appreciation for him making sure we were safe. At first, M didn't take me serious, but Lexi and I looked at each other and smirked. I knelt in front of M and pulled down his jeans and started stroking his cock. Lexi then said it was my turn to feel the strap-on as I sucked a cock. I agreed of course and lifted my skirt. M must have been really horny, he came pretty fast, but Lexi didn't stop till I came, moaning with a mouthful of cum and M's cock was slapping my face. As soon as Lexi pulled out, I spun around and kissed sloppily kissed her, making sure M's cum dripped down both our lips. All in all, a fantastic night. 

On New Year's Eve, a guy I had gone out with a few times and had a lot of fun, Jason, asked me to officially be his "girlfriend". I haven't had a "boyfriend" in a few years because I don't really do fidelity well and past boyfriends just break up with me for "cheating". I've been fine for several years with a few stable booty-calls and fwb's, Lexi being one of them. I tried to deflect Jason's proposal with one of my own, I told him I would be his girlfriend if I could still keep my current booty-calls. I was shocked when he said he would agree to that if he could also keep his booty-call. Again I tried to deflect by asking him how would I know if he wasn't going to spend the night with other girls. He stipulated that he would agree to no over-night stays with a fwb if I made the same commitment and we be honest about who we sleep with avoid any jealousy. 

Now this was a total different type of relationship than anything I've ever considered, but somehow it kinda made sense to me. So I agreed to try it and see how it works out. We spend a lot of time together like many other couples. I spend the night at his place a few times a week, like many other couples. We are free to have sex with established fuck-buddies, unlike many other couples. So far, it's working really well.

Meanwhile Lexi and M broke up and I inadvertently had something to do with it. Seems that when Lexi asked me to help her with the sex show, M didn't realize she and I had been intimate in the past. Somehow that was unsettling for M even though he did get the benefit of a threesome. Lexi stopped working at the strip club and started working at a massage parlor, wink wink nudge nudge tug tug. 

One day Lexi tells me she wants too threesome with Jason and I, I'm pretty sure she wanted to as a way to get back at M. I thought it sounded like a fun idea, but I was a little worried about "rocking the boat" to much in mine and Jason's relationship. I put off having the threesome right away by telling Lexi we could make it a surprise birthday present for Jason. She agreed to that. 

The night of the threesome, we reserved a hotel room at a relatively nice place. We went to Lexi's old club where she said she could get us in for free. We had a great evening, drinking and flirting with each other and all the dancers. Lexi even got pulled on stage by an old dancer friend to do their routine. I was really happy Jason and Lexi got along so well. I told Jason what we had in mind, and he was excited. I made sure to tell him that I was standing by our no jealousy agreement and that I didn't want him feel restricted in any way. 

The night started with Lexi and I playing naked together in bed. We held each other, kissing and feeling each others smooth skin. I was a bit lost in her embrace, knowing my boyfriend was watching. I was happy to be performing his own personal porn scene. I made sure to spread Lexi's legs and massage her wet pussy in clear view. My fingers deliberately slid into her to make her moan. Steady and rhythmically, demonstrating a pace and pressure that I know would make her cum for me, hoping Jason took notice. After she came on my fingers, I took the opportunity to suck them, taste her lust. She rolled over onto her back, her hips still gyrating, legs apart, enticing my boyfriend. He crawled on the bed and slide between her thighs, his cock already raging hard. He didn't waste any time to start fucking her. I could tell he wanted to so bad. 

Lexi started moaning, her body was reacting to Jason's cock thrusting into her. I got to my knees and straddled Lexi's mouth facing Jason, she immediately knew what to do. Using her tongue to fuck my wet pussy, I leaned in kissing Jason. We held each other kissing, loving each other, using Lexi to satisfy our sexual needs. I could Jason was getting close to cumming, I told him I wanted him to cum in Lexi. He almost instantly starting cumming, his body jerking, and making his deep grunts. Lexi squirmed under me as she felt her pussy filling, making me cum just after. I drenched Lexi's face but she savored it all. I knew I was so worked up and wouldn't stop there, I didn't want to stop, I wanted more. 

I laid on top of Lexi as Jason pulled out and I quickly started sucking his cock. The cum still coating his cock mixed with the juices from Lexi's pussy made a sweet oozing mess easy for me to suck off. I looked up at Jason smiling big, then dipped my tongue into Lexi's pussy. I was soooo wanting to lick her creamy pussy, been a long time since I've done that. In my eagerness, I sucked a thick glob of cum from her and happily swallowed it. I looked at Jason again and I could tell by the look on his face, that he had a whole new understanding of my inner slut. 

I spun around, my face still planted in Lexi's dripping pussy. Without hesitation, Jason shoved his cock into me. Feeling how wet Lexi made me. He had such a renewed vigor. He just began fucking wildly, just the way I hoped he would. As much as I could, I kept suckling her clit and fingering both her holes. I have no idea how many times she came in my mouth, but I remember another two organs on Jason's cock before he came again. He just about collapsed on the bed, Lexi and I almost intuitively crawled to his cock and both licked it up before kissing one another again. All three of us snuggled in bed that night. I'm not sure if this violated Jason's and my agreement on no over-night stays with another person, but I guess it we we'll overlook it this time.