 NOTE: If you've read 'The Resort', you are probably able to figure out when this is taking place. If not, I'd recommend you read that story first. Rose got pretty busy with the others, while Giselle, Jake and Lance were having fun on their own. This is the story of what happened at the party between the three of them, written out of Giselle's perspective. 

*****

"Let's dance!" I say as I take Jake's hand, pulling him towards the dance floor. I've had a couple of drinks, and really want to dance now. The others follow, but they seem a bit distracted by two hot guys, and I hesitate if I should go to introduce myself. I glance over at Jake, who is shamelessly checking out my body. I giggle and press my tits together with my arms, showing them off. 

I then spin around while slightly bending forward, sensually moving my hips. It doesn't take long before I feel his crotch pressing against my ass, while his hands are holding my hips. Almost automatically, I start rubbing back against him. I feel how his shaft is forming a proper bulge in his pants by now, and then notice Lance walking over. I spin around another time, invitingly sticking out my ass towards him. I press my breasts against Jake's chest while Lance starts grinding against my backside.

I'm pressed between the two guys, and I'm not even thinking about what the other people might think. I'm just moving my body against them, mainly focusing onto their crotches. I feel how they are both feeling me up, and I lean in towards Jake. Our lips meet into a lustful kiss, which I break after a few seconds to turn my head and kiss Lance. Jake leans down to start kissing onto my neck, sending shivers down my body.

I can feel how he pulls my top up, but honestly, I don't really care. My breasts pop out of the crop top, but are immediately covered by Jake's hands. At the same time, Lance hand reaches around my body to find the opening in my longer skirt. His hand touches my pussy through the red panties I'm wearing, which are soaked by now. 

I let them feel up my body for a while, enjoying it with my eyes closed. The guys' lips are busy kissing mine and my neck, while my breasts are getting groped and my pussy is getting rubbed rapidly. I reach down with both hands, each to another side, and feel the two crotches which are rubbing still rubbing against me. I clumsily try to open their pants, and with some help of themselves, it doesn't take all that long before I wrap my fingers around two rock-hard cocks. 

I moan into Lance's mouth as I keep kissing him while stroking their shafts, but I'm getting eager for more quickly. My body is sensually rocking back and forth, rubbing my ass against Lance's crotch and my heating pussy against his hand. I break the kiss, another moan escaping my lips as I bend forward. 

Instinctively, I find my way down to Jake's cock. My lips wrap around the hard shaft, and I start moving my whole body back and forth in order to bob my mouth onto Jake's dick, while grinding against Lance's crotch and hand. I feel how his free hand is finding its way towards the zipper of my skirt, and the cloth falls down within seconds, quickly followed by my thong. 

I keep Jake's cock in my mouth as Lance is obviously eager to fuck me, not caring about the public area. I can feel his massive cock rubbing against my pussy lips, a feeling I've been getting pretty familiar with lately, before he slides it inside. I moan onto the shaft as Lance penetrates me, spreading my pussy yet again. He gives me his entire cock before swinging his hips back, resulting into hard thrusts as he starts fucking my soaking wet cunt.

Thanks to Lance's thrusts, my body is starting to bounce back and forth between their bodies. Every time Lance thrusts in, Jake's cock gets pushed deeper down my throat, and when he swings his hips back, I follow his movement for a bit so I'm able to head-bump onto the shaft. It doesn't take long before Jake starts to thrust as well, and the guys are fully in control of my body.

I'm moaning and gagging the entire time as they fuck me, feeling how my own breasts bounce back and forth as they are hanging there. I've always had pretty big tits, and as they are completely natural they softly swing as my body gets pushed back and forth. I'm trying to work my pussy muscles onto Lance's thick cock to pleasure him as much as possible, while swirling my tongue over Jake's cock as well. 

I'm getting close to an orgasm, but Lance suddenly pulls out. They must've agreed to swap holes as Jake lays down and pulls me on top. I quickly straddle him, reaching down to lead his cock inside of me. I moan as a second cock fills my sensitive pussy, and start bouncing up and down. Lance steps next to me, and I turn my head eagerly. As soon as I open my mouth, Lance basically slams his entire cock down my throat. Both guys start thrusting again, fucking me hard and fast as I moan, drool and choke by and on those big cocks.

After they fucked my mouth and pussy for a while, Lance backed off. I'm panting heavily as I'm finally able to breath without any obstacles, and even start to bounce onto Jake's cock after a while. As I open my eyes again, I see how Lance is rapidly stroking right in front of me. It only takes a few more seconds before he explodes, shooting a stream of cum over my tits. It's probably messing up my top as well, but I just love the feeling of semen on my skin. I quickly take off the crop top and toss it away, and then I feel how someone pushes me forward. I immediately lean down to kiss the boyfriend of my best friend as he's fucking my heated pussy. I squeal as I suddenly feel something pressing against my asshole. Luckily, Lance decides to take it slowly and spread my backdoor a bit before fucking it, but I'm still close to screaming it out as I feel his thumb entering my ass.

"Think we should try to fill up both of your holes." I can hear someone whisper into my ear while I'm grinding my body onto Jake's cock and Lance's thumb, which quickly gets replaced by two fingers which he starts thrusting back and forth on a steady pace. I moan it out loud, although my voice is muffled by Jake's mouth as he's still kissing me lustfully. "Ready?" Lance asks after about a minute, and I break the kiss to give him an eager nod. 

Lance must be really turned on as I can look back at his cock, which is still rock-hard. It quickly disappears as he crouches behind me, rubbing it against the tight entrance of my asshole. I moan loudly as I throw my head back, my eyes shutting down. "Fuck me.." I mumble, almost begging to be double penetrated. 

Jake slows down his thrusts, but keeps his entire cock buried deep inside of my pussy as he lets Lance prepare my asshole. My friend's stepbrother presses forward, his cockhead slowly forcing its way into my asshole. I bite my lip to not scream it out, as the pain and pleasure is overwhelming. Lance is endowed really big below the belt, so he stretches my backdoor widely. He only lets the tip enter before pulling back out, and gives me a few seconds before sliding it back in. He goes a few inches further, which causes my eyes to roll back. "Fuck!!" I call out loud, and the entire club must be filled by my voice, followed by my moans. Luckily, I'm not the only one who's moaning like this, which makes it less embarrassing. 

Both guys have their cocks deep inside of me, but they still aren't thrusting. Lance is giving me some time to adjust to his size in my asshole, as he knows it's my first time having anal sex. He slowly but steadily slides his cock deep inside of me, until I'm almost taking it all. "Ready?" He asks again, and it takes a few seconds before I'm able to nod. It's really sweet of him to be worried about me, but right now I just need to be fucked. 

As if they have done this before, Jake and Lance start thrusting into my holes at almost exactly the same time. Their cocks almost slip out of my pussy and asshole before they thrust back in. Jake doesn't have to be gentle, so he isn't as he immediately starts fucking my pussy hard and fast again, thrusting upwards. Lance, on the other hand, will have to slowly build up his pace. He carefully moves his hips back and forward, and it honestly feels so good and full. The pain is starting to go away and the pleasure is taking over.

About five minutes later - could be more or less, I'm really losing track of time - Lance is able to properly thrust into my asshole. Jake slows down a bit to match pace with his friend, and I feel how they reach their deepest points at the same time. My eyes are still tightly closed, but I'm pretty sure some people are watching me getting double penetrated. My body starts slightly moving against their cocks, making this whole experience as perfect for the three of us as possible. The whole mix is awesome; having two big - but not too big - cocks fill up my two holes while a fresh load of semen is still covering my bouncing breasts. The fact that other people are watching, or at least hearing, all of this is another huge turn-on, and honestly I love hearing other people make love to each other all around me.

"I-I'm cumming!" I suddenly cry out as my holes clench around their cocks, followed by one of the biggest orgasms I have ever had. I squirt all over Jake's cock, panting and moaning heavily. I'm making a lot of odd sounds while the guys keep going at it, pounding into my tight pussy and asshole. 

I suddenly feel how both cocks get pulled out of me, but before I can protest, I get flipped over. I'm looking up at Lance who smirks down at me, and the two guys position me above Jake's cock in a reverse cowgirl. His cock easily slides into my asshole as it's slightly smaller than Lance's, and soon the two guys are filling me with cocks again. I'm laying onto Jake's chest now, not able to move a lot, although I'm trying to rock my hips against them.

Another few minutes of double penetration goes by, until Lance get an idea. I'm really light-headed by now, and I don't fully understand the conversation although my best guess would be that they're discussing another position swap. As they clearly agree to something, Lance pulls his big cock out of my pussy, while Jake slips his own shaft from my asshole to my pussy. My backdoor feels really empty now, and I'm a bit disappointed that nobody's able to fill it anymore like this.

When Jake slammed his entire cock into my soaking wet hole, I feel how another one rubs against the top part of my pussy lips. My eyes are closed again, and I quickly open them to see their plan. They want to fuck my pussy at the same time. I honestly love these guys, and eagerly open my legs more to show them my approval.

Lance gets a grip onto one of my legs as he uses his free hand to slide his cock into my pussy, right above Jake's. Again, I've never felt fuller before, but this time the entire attention goes to my cunt. Lance slowly slides his cock in, but my pussy juices are gushing so that makes some good lubrication.

When both cocks are entirely inside of me, both guys start to thrust. Lance is able to give full swings back, his entire cock slamming back and forth into me, while Jake gives short but deep thrusts in order to keep the shafts inside. I moan loud, purely out of pleasure by now, as they pound me hard nonetheless. I can feel how my inner walls are tightly hugging around the two cocks, pressing them together, as they match their thrusts together.

My moans get more intense, while the guys are clearly groaning deeper and louder as well, and another orgasm on my end is coming up. My cunt clenches even more around their pricks, and I make a lot of noise as they bring me to my second big orgasm. The voices of the guys hit me, telling me they are about to cum. Feeling like I won the jackpot, I try to press myself against them to keep their cocks deep inside of me.

I'm not sure who starts cumming first, but I'm guessing it was Jake as he hasn't had any release yet. I feel how thick streams of semen shoot deep down my little pussy - luckily I'm on birth control - but it suddenly gets even more as the second guy joins in. A few pulses later, the two cocks retreat out of my pussy. I feel how the huge amount of cum starts leaking out of me right away, although it probably started earlier. I look up at the two guys, before entirely collapsing onto Jake's chest. Usually, I clean their cocks after we fuck, but I'm exhausted by now.

It takes me a few minutes to collect some energy, opening my eyes and sitting up. I slide next to Jake, noticing Lance is sitting right next to us as well. The floor feels wet, but there's no question whose fault that is as I'm messy myself as well. My body is sweaty, and there's cum on my tits and leaking out of my pussy. I only hope nobody recorded this, or at least nobody would put any videos online. I let out a soft sigh, I enjoyed the whole experience no matter what. I softly kiss the cheeks of Lance and Jake before taking a look around. Some people are also getting to a climax, while others are still eagerly going at it. Maybe they walked in on all of this and decided to join in, who knows..

A bit further I can see my two friends on their knees, with a girl between the two of them while a handsome guy is stroking his enormous cock at their faces. I don't know who the girl and the guy are, but they look really hot. Rose and Alexa will definitely have to introduce me someday.. I watch as the guy cums onto the faces of the three gorgeous girls in front of him, giving them a taste of his semen. I'm too tired to go over, so I just keep watching them finishing up as I rest between Jake and Lance. The guy walks over to two others, his friends probably, and they leave the club together. The petite blonde who has been kissing Rose and Alexa for a bit also stands up, following the lead of the three guys. 

My eyes meet Rose's, and I give her a playful wink before we both start to giggle. I think she is able to connect the dots rather immediately, and we will have a lot to tell each other what happened when we get back to our suite...