 Matt got up from his chair and followed the ladies outside. One of the great features of the resort, as least for the Italian Villa section, was that instead of balconies there were endless pools, offering great views of the resort and the Caribbean Sea beyond. Matt watched as Megan and Danielle's hot, sweaty bodies slid into the water.

"Before I get in, anyone want anything to drink?" he asked.

"Just water for me," Megan said. "I need to re-hydrate."

"Sparkling water for me," Danielle said.

Matt grabbed the waters and a bottle of mango-pineapple juice for himself and headed for the pool. He stepped in and sat between Megan and Danielle. The water felt very refreshing. He handed the ladies their water. He opened his juice and held it up.

"To the most beautiful ladies in the world," he said.

"And to our first threesome," Danielle added.

"May the fun never end," Megan said.

They tapped their bottles together and took a long drink of their beverages. They sat in silence as they drank. Matt finished his drink and lay his head back. Danielle looked over. 

"Did we wear you out?" she smirked.

"A bit," Matt said. "But probably not as much you two."

Danielle shrugged her shoulders and smiled. She rolled her head. 

"How about a massage?" Matt asked.

"That sounds amazing, thanks," Danielle replied.

Danielle came over and sat in Matt's lap. Matt pulled her beautiful long hair aside and began to slowly massage her shoulders. Danielle groaned as he worked her muscles. Matt's fingers pressed into her. He could feel her tension. He lightened his grip slightly.

"Oh, that's perfect," Danielle moaned. "Right there."

"Matt gives amazing massages," Megan said.

"You do, too, honey," Matt said.

Matt's hands continued to work on Danielle's body. He moved from her shoulders to the base of her neck. He now just used his index and middle fingers to massage. He moved his fingers up and down the back of Danielle's neck. 

"Mmmm."

"Does that feel good?" Megan asked.

"Very," Danielle said.

Matt stared at the nape of Danielle's neck. The nape of the neck was his weakness. He wanted to kiss Danielle's neck so badly. He was getting erect. He looked at his wife. Megan could see it in his eyes. She wanted him to kiss Danielle, to turn her on. Watching her husband massage another woman like he was, hearing Danielle's moans and seeing her naked form was turning her on. She looked at her husband and simply smiled. Matt pulled Danielle back towards him. She giggled.

"Hi," Matt whispered in Danielle's ear.

"Hi," Danielle said seductively.

Matt moved his lips to Danielle's neck and gently kiss. Danielle gasped. She reached behind her and grabbed Matt's head, holding him against her. Matt licked up and down her neck. Danielle gasped.

"I think Matt's ready for round two," Megan said.

"Oh, I know he is," Danielle said. "I can feel it."

"Kiss my husband while I watch. I want to watch you make out," Megan said.

Danielle turned around. She and Matt looked into each other's eyes. Matt pulled her close and kissed her softly on the mouth. Her lips were soft and moist. She tasted very sweet indeed. Now he understood why Megan has wanted to kiss her so much. He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her in even tighter. Danielle wrapped her arms around Matt's neck. Megan watched lustfully as her husband made out with their new lover. She loved watching. She pushed herself up on the edge of the pool. Her hand made its way down her body and between her legs. She began to lightly stroke her pussy.

"That's so hot," Danielle said. "You masturbating while I make out with your husband."

"Yeah," Megan gasped. "Now keep going."

Danielle pressed her lips once again to Matt's. She teased Matt with her tongue, slightly sliding it into his mouth then pulling back quickly. She giggled as she teased him. Matt started pressing his tongue into her mouth. She wrapped her lips around it and sucked. Matt moaned.

"Matt loves that," Megan moaned, stroking faster. "Now stroke his cock. Nice and slow."

Matt felt Danielle's hand wrap firmly around him. She began to slide it up and down his erect shaft. He gasped.

"Do you like that?" Danielle asked.

"Very much so," Matt groaned. 

Megan moaned louder. Her fingers moved up and began to move faster.

"Fuck her," Megan gasped.

"Really?" Matt asked.

"Yes, Matt," Megan said. "Fuck Danielle."

"I will admit I have wanted to fill your cock inside me," Danielle said shyly. "How do you want us, Megan?"

"Turn around and face me," Megan moaned.

Danielle turned around and faced Megan, her backside now facing Matt. Matt got behind Danielle and began to grind against her. Danielle moaned.

"Is he inside you?" Megan asked.

"Not yet," Danielle replied. "He's teasing me with his hard cock."

"Fuck, yes," Megan whispered. 

Danielle spread her legs wider. She felt Matt's head pressing against her opening. She moaned louder.

"Fuck me, Matt," she said. "I want you inside of me."

Matt pressed his cock harder against Danielle. He felt the head enter. He moaned as he pressed harder. Both he and Danielle moaned loudly as he penetrated her. He was amazed at how tight she was. She felt amazing. He grabbed her hips. Danielle bent forward slightly to allow Matt to go deep. Matt slid slowly in her, filling all of her with his manhood. He was soon balls-deep inside her. Danielle gasped.

"Is he inside you?" Megan asked.

"Yes," Danielle whispered. "All the way inside my pussy."

"Yes!" Megan moaned. 

Watching her husband fuck another woman was insanely erotic. She knew how it felt, so she knew how much pleasure Danielle was getting. She had also licked and fingered Danielle. Knowing how tight she was, she could only guess how amazing Danielle's pussy felt around her husband's cock. She began to stroke her clit now; she stroked as fast as she could.

"Fuck her," Megan said to Matt.

"Oh yeah," Matt groaned. "She's so tight."

Danielle moaned with each thrust. Matt was hitting her G-spot every time he penetrated her, and it felt amazing. She would orgasm very soon if he kept this up. She wanted to orgasm on him, to soak his cock in her love juice. And she wanted to feel him blow his load inside her, for him to fill her with his seed. 

"Fuck, I'm so close," Matt moaned.

"Me, too," Megan and Danielle moaned simultaneously.

"Do you want me to cum inside you?" Matt asked Danielle.

"Yes," she moaned. "I'm on birth control; it's okay."

"Oh god, yes, Matt, cum inside Danielle's pussy," Megan moaned. "Give her your hot load."

Matt began to thrust faster and faster. Danielle grabbed Megan around the ankles. She was trying to keep from screaming as Matt hit her G-spot over and over. She was about to lose it. Her head went back. 

"Fuck me, Matt!" she screamed.

Matt pounded her harder. He was thrusting as fast as he could. Danielle screamed in pleasure. 

"I'm cumming!" she yelled.

Matt felt her pussy spasm and her juices flow around his throbbing cock. He couldn't hold back any longer. With a final groan his cock exploded, and his hot warm semen shot deep inside Danielle's soaking wet pussy. Danielle could feel Matt shooting his load deep inside her. She loved how it felt. She screamed as he came in her. Seeing her husband's orgasm sent Megan over the edge.

"Ohhhhh," she moaned loudly.

Danielle got a front row seat to Megan's intense orgasm. Megan's pussy began to spasm wildly. Then she squirted, her wetness shooting all over the deck. Megan squirted several times before subsiding. Megan lay back and moaned.

"That felt so good," Megan gasped. "I've never had an orgasm that intense before."

Matt pulled out of Danielle. He sat back against the wall of the pool and exhaled loudly. Danielle laughed.

"I think all of us had the best orgasms of our lives," she said. "I'm pretty sure I did. And I would have to say I think Matt did, too."

Matt nodded. The women laughed. Megan got up and helped Danielle out of the pool. Matt pushed himself up and out. They walked inside, grabbed some towels and dried off. 

"I'm exhausted," Megan said, collapsing on the bed. "Too much fun for one day."

They all laughed. Danielle lay next to Megan in the huge, king-sized bed, wrapping an arm around her. Matt soon joined them. Megan was in the middle, Danielle on her right, and Matt on the left. 

"I guess Danielle's spending the night," Matt said. "Sleepover!" 

"If it okay with you guys?" Danielle asked. "I don't want to intrude."

Megan turned to face Danielle. She looked into Danielle's beautiful emerald eyes and smiled. She caressed Danielle's cheek

"We'd love to have you spend the night with us."

She pulled Danielle close. Matt moved close to Megan and wrapped his arm around her. Megan nestled back against Matt. Megan kissed Danielle softly on the lips. 

"Goodnight," Megan whispered.

"Goodnight," Danielle whispered back.

The three very happy but very exhausted vacationers soon fell asleep, cuddled together, dreaming of the next day's adventures.