 Hi, my name is Jennifer and this is another one of my ongoing series of stories about my various adventures a young wild woman. For those who haven't ever read one of my stories, I'll fill you in a little background. For those who have read previous stories, just skip these next couple of paragraphs, you've probably heard it all before.

I live in California and am a professional portrait artist. 

I found this site I guess 6 or 7 years ago now. I was surfing the web looking for trouble I suppose and I found this place and found it intriguing. But at the time, I thought the stories were... well just kind of OK. I guess the truth of the matter was that they just didn't really work for me personally. They seemed to be more fantasies and somehow missed the whole rush of sex, or at least the rush of sex as I saw it. I mean a lot of them were well written and stuff, but there just wasn't that ring of truth to a lot of the stuff. So I decided to try my hand at it. I'd had a pretty wild youth and just figured I'd write one story about one of my wilder experiences and see how it flew. 

Well, the truth of the matter was that it was terribly written. It really was, but I guess I hit a kind of chord with people because it got a fairly good rating. I was surprised and so wrote another one, and then another and so on and so on. Now I have 24 stories posted, 25 with this one. I find it hard to believe that I could write so many, but there you go. In the process, I've gotten much better at writing as well... thankfully.

So that's that and not to change the subject, but I guess I am. I get a lot of questions as to how I look. I think I'm pretty average. I don't break any mirrors or anything when I look into them and I personally think that's a good thing. I am petite though, that's my most dominant feature. Strange isn't it that being diminutive is a feature and a dominant one at that, but I have to say it is. Guys seem to love petite women, I think because it makes them feel bigger. But no matter, it works for me and I've always gotten a fair amount of attention. I don't mean that as bragging, it's just how it was and truth be told still is for me. I have dark reddish, brown hair and green eyes. I'm just barely 5' tall and weigh around 83 lbs. I'm small everywhere except my nipples. They're huge! God must've gotten a laugh when he put those on me. I hated them when I was really young but I deal with them just fine now. When I first started to develop, those were the first things to really start to grow and grow they did. It took another year for my breasts to play catch up. It seemed like forever that I was totally flat chested with these huge nipples. It was embarrassing! 

One time, this group of boys caught me on the path in the woods; they ended up holding me down and pulling up my shirt to look at them. They started pulling and twisting them, all the time laughing. They made me feel like some sort of freak. Now though I realize that they were actually turned on by them. 

I guess in way, that's how all this got started. 

So enough of the background stuff, it's time to get on to the story... This one is going to go back to my early days. I wrote this it over 3 years ago and never posted it. I thought at the time that it was just too intense and in a way I think that. I really don't know what I was thinking at the time, I guess I just wasn't, but this adventure set a tone for the rest of my life. I began to look it over a couple of weeks ago and decided to edit it and get it posted. I hope you all enjoy it.

I had just graduated high school when this little adventure took place. I made the mistake of thinking a couple of guys who were doing some renovations of my family's house were the same as the school boys I had been teasing up to this time. 

I found out different and learned that I like to be taken and that I like it rough sometimes.

So on to the story...

As I mentioned above, my dad had decided to have some renovations done to our house. Most of the work involved my living space. My parents decided it was time for me to have more space in the house. They decided to convert the pool house into an addition that linked to my room. That way I could have my own suite or apartment in the house. I thought it was very cool of them to be so considerate, especially since I was going to be heading off to art school in the fall. I guess they wanted to make sure I would continue to come home to visit and spend summers. In any event, it was so totally cool of them.

The carpenters showed up on a Monday. They were big guys, the first one Jake was probably around 40, He had a shaved head, a goatee and was really muscular and a talker. The other one, Pete, was quiet. He was probably around 30, kind of cute with long hair and a beard. He was just a muscular, but in a different way, I guess kind of lean and cut. Neither guy looked like a gym rat, they just looked like they were just strong from the work they did. They both had tattoos and had a sense of toughness about them. I don't mean that they acted like jerks or anything, but there was a definite badass aura. I sensed they could turn mean fast, I don't think they took much crap from anyone. Over the course of the week, I found out that they were both bikers and I thought that fit. This was a new breed of guy for me, I had never really met anyone like them before and of course, I thought they were totally cool and exciting, exactly the kind of guys my parents warned me to stay away from. I was intrigued.

I don't really remember how it started, but I guess I got into teasing the guys a little bit here and there. Nothing really crazy you understand, at least not at first. I just kind of noticed that they were checking me out whenever I'd walk through where they were working. I liked the feeling of their eyes on me, so I started wearing outfits that were maybe a bit more daring and kind of sexy. It caught their attention and that felt good and so I escalated it a bit. 

One day, I had been out shopping and when I got home, my dad told me to go into the dining room to look at the plans for my new suite, the foreman, architect and carpenters were going over everything. My father wanted to make sure I was good with everything being planned. 

I went in and introduced myself. The carpenters already knew me on site, but hadn't been formally introduced. The plans were laid out on the table and I knelt on a chair and leaned over the table to look at them over. It was all pretty innocent, but I noticed the carpenters standing on the other side of the table. The architect was beside me explaining everything and answering my questions. The foreman was on the other side making some notes about materials that needed to be ordered. 

I had been wearing shorts and this kind of white blouse and no bra. I guess when I leaned over the table to look at the plans, the blouse ballooned out a bit and I was giving the guys a look straight down my shirt. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, but I hadn't really intended on that. On the other hand, my nipples pebbled up, getting hard as they watched. That felt really cool, it made me feel really sexy having those guys all checking me out like that. When I looked over at the architect to ask him something, he was looking right down my shirt. I just smiled and pretended not to notice what he had been doing. My father came back a minute later and I stood up saying that everything looked good to me and thanked them all. I had to get out of there, I was wicked worked up and I didn't want my father to notice that I had been flashing these guys.

I guess that was the defining moment that set everything else into play. I loved that they had been checking me out and that night, I got myself off thinking about it again. It really drove me crazy to know that these guys had seen my breasts, particularly Jake and Pete. Later as I lay naked in my bed, I fantasized about those big hands rubbing all over my body. I started to rub my pussy and I fantasized about them seeing me getting myself off like this. That was enough to send me over the edge in shivering orgasm. I turned off the lights and went to sleep thinking about them.

I wasn't really planning on doing anything, but I found excuses to stay home instead of going out with my friends. I started hanging around the pool and I noticed them checking me out even more. I found it really exciting that these tough guys thought that maybe I was kind of hot. I'd leave in the morning to take care of chores and errands that I needed to get done, but would be back by 1 or 2 in the afternoon. My parents were working, so I wasn't worried about them coming in. I'd change into a bikini and go hang around the pool for a couple of hours just so the guys could check me out.

Jake was the one who came over first and started to chat me up a bit. Even though he was wearing sunglasses, I could tell he was checking my body out as he talked to me and I liked it. I don't know why, but just talking to him got me crazy wet. There was a definite connection thing happening. My whole body hummed as we chatted, it was like I was under some kind of spell.

I was ramping up and getting more and more daring. I started wearing some of my more risqué bikinis, basically strings with a little bit material for the vital areas. One day, they were working around the pool area preparing to cut a hole into the side of the house for a new door. I had smoked a joint and was feeling really daring so I wore one of my Wicked Weasel bikinis.

There was nothing to it at all. I lay on my belly, my ass totally on display and I untied the top so that I was essentially lying there topless and nothing but a small patch of semitransparent material covering my pussy. It drove me wild to know that they were checking me out like this. I finally had to cool down; I was getting too crazy worked up. I retied my top and took a nice long swim. I was just so high. When I climbed out of the pool, I noticed that the white bathing suit turned transparent. I went to lie back down in the sun. When I looked down and saw just how transparent the suit was, I knew it was time to call it a day, I was going overboard. I hadn't intended to be this revealing. But just then Jake came over to chat again.

I was lying on my back and when he came over, I got up on my elbows to chat. He was squatting down by my feet. Pete joined us a minute later. I knew that I was giving them quite a show, but I pretended to totally unaware of it. I was high and for all practical purposes naked lying in front of these guys. My bikini was still soaking wet and my own excitement was helping to keep it that way. I was just so wet knowing that these guys were checking me out so intimately. My pussy lips were spread and my opening was totally on display for them. It wasn't much different for my breasts. My nipples were swollen and I knew they could see every detail of them. At the time, I remember thinking that I had taken this too far, but it was too late, I was on display and they were enjoying the show. If my parents had showed up just then, they would've killed me.

The guys talked to me for probably a half hour or so. The whole time my pussy was throbbing under their stares. We all had sunglasses on and so no one could really see each other's eyes. But I knew they were checking me out, but I was checking out the bulges in their shorts too. I swear I was on the edge of an orgasm just from what I was doing and seeing. The guys were both aroused.

They finally went back to work and I went in the house to change. Before I changed though, I went out to the garage to get my phone out of the car. I happened to overhear Jake and Pete talking just outside the garage. They were talking about me.

"Jake, did you see how tight that little pussy of hers is?" Pete asked... "I'd give my right nut to slide my hog into that. Man that was fucking sweet."

Jake responded... "I know, I know... Her fucking pussy lips were spread wide open, I could see her fucking clit, her tight little hole... fucking everything... Goddamn she's hot little slut. and did you see how big her fucking pussy lips are? Can you imagine those goddamn things wrapped around your fucking rod as you're railing her? She's so small that I bet she'd fucking crush your cock in that tight little cunt if you could even fit it in. She had to know that we could see it all too, I think that sweet little thing wants to get fucked and fucked hard... and how about those fucking nipples, are those fucking huge or what?" Her titties are kind of small, but those nipples, they make up for it." 

Their voices faded as they walked to the back of the house. My panties were soaked again.

I was really such a hot pants then... I was into ... I don't know... I guess whatever... adventures. I felt like I lived on the edge and loved it. Little did I know that I wasn't even close to the edge, I wasn't even in the same league as these guys. All week I could feel their eyes on me as I moved around the house and yard. The more I felt them checking me out, the more I wanted them to see. I didn't think I was willing to let them fuck me, but I wouldn't mind them checking me out again. My boyfriend would've killed me if he knew what I was doing, but I just couldn't help myself, it was intoxicating.

One evening later in the week, my dad told me that the workers were coming early the next morning to work on a new door from my room out to the pool area. He wanted me out of the house before they got there. I guessed he must've noticed my teasing. That should've been a clue that I wasn't being as discreet as I thought, but I never caught the clue. My dad was concerned because he was going to be traveling for a couple of days. He and my mother were catching a flight early the next morning and wouldn't be around to stop things from getting crazy. He made it clear he wanted me dressed and out of the house before the guys got there the next day.

I'm sure part of the reason was my teasing, but part of it was the fact that I slept in the nude; actually I still do most nights. He had tried, unsuccessfully to get me to wear pajamas or a night gown or something, but I just ignored him and he didn't know how to force the issue. My mom really didn't see an issue with it. I was never inappropriate anywhere else in the house and her view was that it was my room and I should be able to do what I want. I think she thought I would grow out of the practice. I never did. Anyway, I'm sure what he didn't want was for the guys to be coming in seeing me and getting any ideas especially with how I had been teasing them all week.

Early the next morning just before heading out the door on his trip, he poked his head in my room reminding me to start thinking about getting up and dressed, the carpenters were going to be here in an hour.

I groggily agreed and blew him a kiss goodbye, but immediately fell back to sleep. I woke up again when I heard the front door close and the rattle of tools as the Jake and Pete made their way through the house. I guess I should've gotten up and let them know that I needed a few minutes and gotten dressed, but I didn't do that.

I decided instead to be really daring; I wanted to tease them even more. I was horny; I had gotten myself off a couple times during the week thinking of how I showed them all my stuff at the pool. Now, I wanted to take it to the next level and let them to see me really naked.

I pushed my covers down to my feet and lay there on my back with my legs spread out. I had my arms up over my head and pretended to be sleeping. I figured that they would open the door to my room and see me, I'd maybe pretend to wake up, act all embarrassed, they'd apologize and close the door and that would be it. I thought that would be a real rush, I loved playing the exhibitionist and showing off my pussy was always the best. I even spread my pussy lips so that they looked like an open gate to my tunnel. 

I guess the thing I didn't think about or realize though was that these were older guys, not the high school boys I'd been having fun teasing up to this point... and while I didn't know it, they were also much rougher, you couldn't tease them too much before they acted. As I said before, they were a different breed of guy, they were bikers.

I heard them walking down the hall to my room, they were laughing and talking. To this day, that still seems to have happened in slow motion. I remember thinking again that I should just jump up and tell them not to come in. But the naughty part of me didn't want any part of that deal. This was the perfect opportunity to play the little exhibitionist. I was so excited by the idea of them finally seeing my totally nude body that I just lay there and waited, I waited... on display, pretending to be asleep... then I heard the door open. 

Everything was quiet for maybe 30 seconds or so... as I lay there waiting, I knew, I don't know how I did, but I just knew that I had made a big mistake. I had underestimated them. I now knew what a rabbit must feel like when it's spotted by the wolves.

Then I heard Jake start talking loudly...

"Oh Yeah... I think someone here wants to get laid this morning. I told you Petey, I told you this rich little hottie wanted some working man dick."

Both guys laughed as I heard the door shut and them walking across the room toward me. The footsteps stopped by my bed and it was quiet for a long moment. I didn't know what to do, so I just lay there with my eyes closed, waiting. 

Nothing happened for minute or more; then I heard a rustle of clothes and then a weight on the bed by my head. I opened my eyes and Jake was kneeling on my bed with his hard dick twitching only inches from my face. Pete was bent over at the foot of the bed checking out my wet, open pussy. That only confirmed that I had taken this too far, way to far.

Pete looked up at me, "You got a great pussy here Jenn, really world class, I fucking love it."

Jake just looked down at me with a smile and said... "How about sucking my cock sweetheart?"

I didn't' say anything, I just looked at it and him, forgetting for a moment about Pete looking at my wet pussy.

"Oh come on Jenn, you know you want to. You've wanted this all week." Jake smiled.

He moved it toward me, brushing it across my lips.

"Don't be shy, just kiss it. It only wants to be friends," and he laughed.

Not sure what to do in this situation, I just did what he asked and lightly kissed the swollen, purple head when he brushed it against my lips again.

I knew that I miscalculated and had taken this too far. There was no doubt in my mind that I was going to get fucked this morning by these two guys. In one respect, I was afraid of what they were going to do, but I really didn't think they would hurt me. I was more excited than I had ever been in my life. I was certainly more excited than scared. My nipples were swollen and hard. My breathing was already ragged. I hoped my boyfriend wouldn't find out about this. I hadn't even let him see me naked yet, never mind fuck me.

"Just grab the fucking thing", Jake demanded impatiently. "It's not going to fucking bite you!

I felt like a deer caught in the headlights, I was helpless to do anything other than what he said. Still looking at him, I reached up and wrapped my hand around his throbbing monster. I remember thinking that he'd never be able to fit that thing inside me.

It felt hot in my hand and throbbed.

I moved my hand slowly down his shaft, then back up again.

I watched the foreskin slide over the head of his dick as I pulled my hand up toward the tip.

"Faster, stroke it faster" he demanded.

I began to jerk him off faster.

"Oh yeah... yeah that's good, you like that big old dick, don't you?" 

I absently nodded my head. I was looking at his dick and the veins bulging along the sides. I didn't say a word. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know what else to do. So I just jerked him off.
