 Introduction:

After retirement and the passing of my wife, I moved into a Retirement Village out in the southwest. If you think old people don't enjoy sex, you are mistaken.

My name is Henry. I am 65 years old and I have been a widower for the past three years. My first year living alone I knocked around in my big empty two-story, five bedroom home located in an upscale neighborhood. My two daughters, Karen and Susan kept close tabs on me. They worried I wasn't taking care of myself properly. I received phone calls everyday checking to see if I was taking my medication, eating properly and getting enough rest. I appreciated their concern, but it was getting annoying. I told them I was spending most of my time answering their phone calls. They eventually convinced me to sell the house and move in with one of them.

I moved in with Karen for a year, but she drove me crazy fussing over me day in and day out. I couldn't take the nagging so I moved in with Susan, my youngest. Susan and her husband Mike have four young children and I was definitely interfering with their family routine. I decided, for the sake of everyone's sanity, it would be better for all if I moved into a retirement village where I could hang out with people my own age. I chose 'The Meadows' because I was able to have my own one bedroom apartment complete with kitchen and laundry room.

'The Meadows' was built around a golf course and several lakes. I think the total acreage was around three thousand. There were other amenities such as a gym, hiking and jogging trails, recreation hall, and a movie theatre, bowling lanes, support groups, social groups and special events. The village was made up of both married couples and singles. A little more than half were married couples. Of the single residents, three quarters were single widows and the rest single widowers like me. The women more than outnumbered the men.

My first week at 'The Meadows', I met Monica while out for an early morning jog. Monica is a 58 years old widow who has lived at 'The Meadows' for a year. She is a young athletic looking blonde with an outstanding body. I would say she was 5' 4", 110 pounds. It was obvious she took great pride in her appearance. She could easily pass for a 40 year old woman. The morning we met, we spent five hours talking, walking and generally getting to know one another. Those five hours flew by and Monica invited me to dinner at her apartment that night and I gladly accepted. She turned out to be an excellent cook. I brought a bottle of wine and we finished it off after dinner. We kissed and cuddled for over an hour. Monica is an old fashioned, Christian woman and clung to her Christian values. In spite of that I was able to cop a feel of her breast before the evening was over. We agreed to see each other again, but Monica asks that I take it a bit slower. On our third date Monica finally allowed me to fondle and suck her naked breast. I was not used to moving that slowly, but I felt obliged to honor Monica's wishes. I knew that in time I could eventually entice her into my bed.

Each Saturday night the Retirement village holds a dance for the residents. I invited Monica, but she told me she was spending the weekend with her daughter and grandchildren. I decided to go to the dance alone. There were several attractive widows at the weekly dance and only a hand full of single men. One particular widow caught my attention. I ask her to dance and she accepted my invitation. Her name was Clara and she was also 58 years old, but looked 15 years younger. She had been married to a successful chemical engineer. We danced together the whole night. I'm in pretty good shape, but Clara loves aerobics and danced circles around me. She was a tall slender woman with a well proportioned body due mainly to the aerobics classes. I guessed her height to be about 5' 7" and maybe weighing 115 pounds.

I walked Clara back to her apartment and she invited me in for a night cap. I don't remember how many night caps we had, but we woke up naked in her bed around 10 Sunday morning. As it turns out, Clara loves practically everything about sex and she didn't mind admitting it. She let me know that she was willing to try just about anything at least once. We showered together then went out for Sunday brunch. 

Monica got back to 'The Meadows' around six o'clock and called me to go out to dinner. I was exhausted from my weekend, but I agreed to go. She told me she was excited to see her family, but was glad to get back to her normal routine. She told me that she had thought about me the whole weekend and looked forward to spending more time with me. We met the next morning for a jog and then a light breakfast. When I got back to my apartment I had a message to call Clara. Since both Clara and Monica live in 'The Meadows', I didn't see any possibility of keeping it a secret that I was seeing them both. I called Clara and invited her to dinner. I told her I had someone I wanted her meet. She agreed to come and I immediately called Monica and extended the same invitation. They agreed to meet at my apartment at six o'clock.

Our meeting was very productive. As it turns out, Monica and Clara not only knew each other, but they were close friends. I explained to them that I enjoyed being with them both and hoped we could all be friends and continue to enjoy each other's company. I was banking on the fact that the single women at 'The Meadows' outnumbered the single men by at least three to one. It took a moment, but their desire to fight off loneliness won out and they agreed to let me date them both. I considered myself a very lucky man. Monica was an excellent cook, but timid when it came to sex. Clara wasn't much of a cook, but loved nothing better than to fuck my brains out. We fell into a mutually agreeable routine of sharing me. One night I would have a dinner fit for a king at Monica's and the next night at Clara's, I would have sex like I was the master of a whore house. I had the best of both worlds.

Every once in a while I would intentionally spend two nights in a roll at Clara's house. Monica soon got the message and decided she should start having occasional sex with me if she expected to hold my attention. It was missionary style only with no oral sex, but at least Monica was starting to come around. I began to see the possibilities of turning this into a competition between the two women. I started sharing with Monica some of the things that Clara did sexually that pleased me and vice versa with Clara, and as expected they both tried to outdo the other. Monica finally gave me a blowjob and let me finger her pussy and lick her thighs, but when I tried to put my mouth anywhere near her pussy, she pushed me away. She explained that she and her husband never did anything like that and she considered it unnatural. 

One night Clara started to suck my nipples and lightly tickle my balls at the same time. It brought back memories of my college days. I found it to be so gratifying, I almost orgasm while she did it. I reciprocated by nibbling and sucking on Clara's clit, I could feel her body stiffen and started to orgasm. On a whim, I shoved my finger up her ass while sucking and lightly chewing on her clit. The results were unbelievable. She started shaking and trembling and making sounds that sounded somewhat like a small dog barking. She started gushing pussy juice all over my face and chest. This was the first time I had ever been with a squirter. I liked It! I couldn't wait to tell Monica about it, but to my amazement, Clara told her about it before I had the chance. I guess it had made a greater impression on Clara than I first thought.

The next time I was making love to Monica I noticed she was more antsy and anxious. Her breathing was short and raspy. I licked down her left thigh, and as I was licking my way back up the right thigh; I felt her hand on the back of my head guiding me to her pussy. I clamped down on her clit and she started thrashing about so wildly, I was having trouble maintaining contact. Within in minutes she was Cumming harder than she had in her whole life. When she finally came down from her high, she put her hands on each side of my face and pulled me into the most passionate kiss I had ever experienced. Monica was finally letting herself escape her strong traditional values and was now enjoying wild uninhibited raw sex.

Since the Ladies were getting along so well together and not showing any outward signs of jealousy, I started inviting them both to accompany me to events like the movies, to bowling, to local restaurants, and all the Saturday night dances. We were all one big happy family. After our night out we would all return to the apartment of the one I didn't plan to sleep with that night. We would enjoy a nightcap or two then I would move on to the apartment of my intended sex partner and indulge in a night of bliss. I had them trained to my liking and considered myself a truly lucky man. I had made a very wise decision when I moved to 'The Meadows'.

On Thursday night, instead of attending the movie at 'The Meadows', Clara suggested we all going to the local Cinema in town. We all agreed and piled into my car. As I might have expected, Clara had just the movie she thought we would enjoy. The movie turned out to be an adult movie with lots of nudity and some of the most explicated sex scenes I have ever seen. When we left the theater I trailed behind the girls trying to hide my huge erection. As we were settling into my car, Clara announced that the movie had her panties soaking wet. And to my surprise, Monica chimed in that her panties were also soaking wet.

When we arrived at Monica's apartment the girls were still talking about the various sex scenes that had turned them on, and I still had a raging erection. I settled on the sofa next to Clara while Monica fixed us all an extra strong night cap. I was no longer trying to hide my erection. Monica slid onto the sofa on my other side and we continued chattering about the movie. Monica continued delivering the nightcaps. I would alternate between kissing Clara then Monica. Then out of the blue, Clara suggested we all spend the night together. Without another word, Monica took my hand and led us to her bedroom. In less than a minute we were all nude and cuddling in Monica's bed.

I was lying on my back between to the two girls when I flashed back to an encounter I had while in college. I was at a frat house, naked in bed with two young coeds. One of the coeds asked me if I had ever experience "nipple ecstasy". I had to admit I had never heard of it. The coeds each took one of my nipples into their mouth and started sucking and chewing on them while taking turns stroking my cock. I recalled how pleasant it had been and I suggested to Clara and Monica we give a try. Clara locked onto my right nipple immediately and Monica followed by sucking my left nipple into her warm mouth. Monica began stroking my cock as she worked on my nipple and Clara started lightly tickling my balls with her fingertips. After about a minute of this I shot my load all over my chest and belly. Clara went to work right away cleaning my chest with her tongue. Monica was watching in amazement, but not moving. Clara reached over and put her hand on the back of Monica's head and guided her mouth to a puddle of my cum. She took a little bit on her tongue then rolled it around in her mouth. In the next moment both girls were busily licking my chest and belly clean.

It was Monica's turn to be in the middle next. I sucked her right breast into my mouth while Clara lunched on her left breast. Monica started to moan and rock her hips. It was then that I looked down and noticed Clara was fucking Monica's pussy with two fingers. I began passionately kissing Monica on the lips while rolling her right nipple between my thumb and index finger. She let out a low moan and her body stiffened. I knew she just experienced an orgasm. 

I moved from her lips back down to continue sucking Monica's' right nipple. I closed my eyes and nestled my face close to her breast and gently sucked and rolled her nipple in my mouth. I felt movement from Clara and opened my eyes in time to see her insert two wet fingers into Monica's mouth; the same two wet fingers she had been fucking Monica' pussy with. Monica licked and sucked Clara's fingers clean. I got an immediate hard on. It was so hard it ached and I had to begin slowly stroking my cock. I watched as Clara slowly kissed her way down Monica's stomach. Monica opened her legs wide enough to give full access to her crotch. Clara licked the inside of Monica's right thigh down to her knee then switched over to her left thigh and worked back up. When she neared Monica's vagina I noticed Monica made no effort to push her away.

Clara took her thumbs and spread the lips of Monica's pussy. She ran her tongue up and down the slippery pink walls of her vagina before latching onto her clit. Monica jumped at the first contact but soon relaxed and started raising her hips to meet Clara's tongue. Clara began to eagerly lap and chew on Monica's clit. It didn't take long for Monica's second orgasm to shake her whole body. As Monica recovers from her orgasm, Clara starts to alternately lick, and then rapidly rub Monica's clit with two fingers. Monica was moaning and writhing as she rushes headlong into her third magnificent orgasm. As soon as Monica was in the middle of her orgasm, Clara shoves her middle finger up Monica's tight little brown asshole. The results were unbelievable. Monica starts trembling and shaking; her body is covered with goose bumps and a light sheen of sweat. She couldn't seem to catch her breath. Monica bolts upright in the bed and puts her hands on each side of Clara's face and pulls her into a passionate kiss. The kiss seems to last forever and I was sure Clara could feel it throughout her whole body, because her sexual fluids gush from her vagina. It had to have been the most amazing orgasm Clara has ever experienced.

I tried to work my way back into the mix, but Clara and Monica immediately crawled into the 69 position and began to devour each other's pussy. I was enjoying the lesbian show so much I stroked my cock until I enjoyed two consecutive orgasms. Neither woman showed any sign of giving up the sexual splendor they were both obviously experiencing. I watched for a while longer then slipped of into a peaceful sleep. When I woke up the next morning Clara and Monica were still snuggled in each other's arms. They were resting so serenely, I slid out of bed and quietly made my way back to my apartment.

I hadn't heard from Monica or Clara by four o'clock. I didn't know who I would be having dinner with. Would it be with Monica, or would it be Clara? Perhaps I would be dinning with the two of them. When I hadn't heard from anyone by five o'clock I decided to call Monica. She answers on the third ring and offers her apology for not notifying me that she was going to spend the weekend with her daughter and grandchildren. I hung up and called Clara's number but got no answer. At six thirty, I gave up and drove to a local fast food restaurant for a cheeseburger and fries.

Saturday I went for an early morning jog and showered before walking over to the recreation hall to check the bulletin board for any special events. All I found there were dozens of old ladies playing cards, or checkers, or reading books. I couldn't find Clara anywhere. I decide to pay a surprise visit to my youngest daughter and grand children. I returned to 'The Meadows' around nine thirty Sunday night completely wore out from the grand children. I showered and fell fast asleep.

Monday morning I went for my usual jog, hoping to see Monica. When she was a no show, I went home and showered before going to the recreation hall to check the bulletin board. The first thing on the board to catch my eye was an apartment vacancy that just came available. I went to the office to see who was leaving 'The Meadows'. I was told no one was leaving. Monica had decided to give up her apartment and move in with Clara. I felt a knot in my stomach. I had the distinct feeling that Clara and Monica would no longer be needing me to fulfill their sexual needs. I was sad and despondent all week. Saturday night I had recovered enough to drag myself down to the weekly dance. I didn't see Monica or Clara there. The dance just wasn't the same happy place it once was. I decided to leave. As I made my way to the door, I saw her.

She was a tall strawberry blonde that stood a head taller than the women she was huddled with. She looked to be 5' 11" 135 pounds with green eyes that pierced my soul. This woman had to be the most beautiful creature I had ever seen in my life. She saw me about the same time I saw her. As I moved across the dance floor toward her she continued to speak with women around her. She would look up occasional to monitor my location. My heart was doing flips as I practiced what I was going to say to her. Everything that came to mind sounded clumsy and amateurish. I felt like an awkward teenager.

I walked up to her and said, "Hi! My name is Henry. Would you like to dance?" She smiled, nodded her head affirmative and told me her name was Pricilla, but her friends called her Prissy. I took her hand and led her onto the dance floor. We spent the rest of the evening in each other's arms. When the dance was over I walked her back to her apartment and thanked her for a wonderful evening. We made plans to meet for breakfast.