 There were only two couples left in the restaurant. I bussed a nearby table for Matt, whom I'd sent home sick earlier, and listened to the sultry banter of the younger couple. The older couple was almost done, I'd checked on them a few minutes prior. The young couple (newlyweds perhaps?) were too busy staring at each other than to do much justice to the course of food on their plates. But they were amusing, leaning, caressing, feeding each other, clearly having a great time, so I didn't mind. I glanced over at them to see her grab a fork out of his hand and suck on his index finger, drawing it deep into her mouth. Her dark ringlets bobbed up and down on his hand. Surprisingly, instead of sending him a smoking glance to go with her actions, she looked up and met my eyes. Startled, I went to glance away, until she drew his finger out of her mouth and bit his fingertip lightly, holding eye contact, and gave me a wicked grin. Blushing lightly at getting caught watching, I returned her grin, gave them a brief nod, which was enthusiastically returned, and returned to balancing my plates back to the kitchen. 

The kitchen was nearly empty, the late night staff smoking in the back, waiting in case one of the last tables actually ordered desert or a last minute room service order came in for upstairs. I took a moment & rolled up the waist-band of my black skirt, hiking it up until it just barely revealed the lacy tops of my thigh-highs. Management would have a fit, but showing that tiny bit of lace had boosted my tips on more than one occasion, and this couple looked like they wouldn't complain. 

I sashayed out to the older couple, leaning my elbows on their table to ask a spritely "how are we doing tonight, any desert, coffee?" As if I had no idea that leaning over that far exposed the backs of my thighs, and likely purple satin panties as well, to the view of the younger couple who was still paying minimal attention to their meal. I snuck a glance behind me to discover two sets of eyes glued to my ass, and staring at them both, I mimicked her actions, bringing my finger to my mouth and biting it lightly. She laughed out loud, which I had to suppress answering in kind as I took the coffee order from our oblivious audience. 

I fetched a stack of napkins from the back, and sat at a table halfway between the two fares, ostensibly folding them into pretty shapes for the morning crew, keeping an eye on the playful twosome in the corner. She pretended to feed him a bite of steak, dripping sauce on his chin, then leaning in deeply (bosom first, I noticed), to lick it off his chin. He met my eyes over her head, (perhaps they were grey?) and slowly his hand slid down her ribcage and under the tablecloth. She wiggled against him, giggling, then made the telltale maneuver I recognized from personal experience. There go the panties I thought to myself. Sure enough, a few more wiggles and a bounce or two on the seat, and he pocketed a scrap of something lacy and red. She turned from where her lips had sunk to his collar, and gave me another steamy glance, while cocking an eyebrow with a "what do you think of that!?"  look. 

I grinned at them, undaunted. Two, well, three, could play this game. I gave a quick peek on the elderly couple sipping their coffee and then did my own little bouncing hop. Twin sets of eyebrows danced across the room as purple satin hit the floor under my table. I kicked off the panties, drawing them up on my toe until I could pick them up and stick them into my waitress' apron. We stared at each other across the room, heat crackling in the silence broken only occasionally by the soft clink of a spoon against coffee cups. 

Openly watching them now, I flitted aimlessly with the napkins. He leaned forward, dark suit coat conforming to broad shoulders and impressive looking biceps, and blew out the taper candle that framed the romantic setting they were in. He massaged the bull end of the candle, smoothing the rounded edges, and she made a show of resuming her meal. Well, she attempted such a show, until the candle dipped under the tablecloth, and I could tell from her stiletto high heels that her legs were suddenly spread wider than they were a minute ago. I felt my mouth go dry. I could see her hand braced on his thigh, her lips parted in a half gasp, food forgotten. My own legs squirmed together, unbidden moisture making lie to my ambivalence. He leaned slightly away and took a sip of his wine, pretending to ignore the slight rocking motion adopted by his partner and her growing lack of concern for her surroundings. 

I took a look at the older couple; it was past time to get them out of here. Forcing my eyes away from the erotic display tempting me, I stood and brought the bill to the last table, covering my slightly breathless voice with a bouncy step, and an extra cheery good night. As I settled up with them, a deep masculine voice pulled my attention back to the far table; "Check please!"

I chose the small black folder containing their bill, signed it with a "love Lara" heart, and brought it to the table now littered with the remnants of a discarded dinner. I noticed that the taper candle now rested unlit on its side next to its crystal holder, and she leaned sleepily against his shoulder. She watched my approach with a cat-got-the-cream smile, while his grin still held promise. 

"And how was everything?" I asked, leaning my elbows on the table and framing my cleavage to its best advantage. 

"Delicious." He replied huskily, fingering the candle on the table. 

"Mmm, I'm glad to hear that. Would you care for any desert?" I licked my lips, awaiting his reply. They'd already asked for the check, but this sort of banter was just too enjoyable to pass up. 

"Absolutely!" She chimed in with more energy than I expected given her under the table excursions of a few minutes ago. She leaned right in towards me, her breasts rubbing against his arm as I got a lovely view of her breasts as they nearly fell out of her top. "But, maybe we'll have our desert, elsewhere. Mmm, perhaps some room service." 

I nodded to her, taking them both in. "Nothing like something sweet after a meal" I replied in my best femme fatale voice. She nodded, and turned to him, inexplicably nodding in some sort of message-sending fashion. 

He smiled at me and returned the padded black folder with the check. "We'll charge it to our room, please. I was sure to write the room number, very clearly." With sensual grins from them both, they got up and walked out of the restaurant, pausing at the door to give me a solid up and down once over hot enough I felt naked under their shared gaze. 

After they left, I took the tab to the register to settle up. After what they'd started, I may have to leave early enough to go pick up a date for the evening. I opened the padded folder to see, as promised, the room number written clearly on the check, with a note "there's always room for desert!" Nestled next to the check lay a room key.

Interesting, I pondered. They were definitely a hot couple, something right out of an HBO movie actor-couple type. His clean shaven dark good looks, I always was a sucker for a good set of shoulders; and could hope the abs matched, her petite, curvey yumminess made me want to do dirty things with them both. Not local, hence the hotel room, both interested... I snapped the bill shut, my mind made up. I tidied up and punched out. Retrieving a small bowl I filled with dark chocolate, I warmed it in the microwave and headed for the elevators. 

A single knock was opened after only a brief delay. They'd obviously started without me, his nearly 6' dominated the door as he opened it shirtless, confirming my hopes of washboard abs and biceps I could sink my teeth into. She was already down to a bra and the hastily donned hotel bathrobe she allowed to gape widely as she saw it was me, and clapped with glee. I stepped into their room, offering him the bowl of warm chocolate. "Something sweet after dinner, I would have brought strawberries, but technically would have to charge you for that, so I figured we could find something else to dip in chocolate?" 

He had a split second to accept the bowl before he was pushed out of the way by his brown-eyed lady who was suddenly pressed against me, warm and delicious. I could feel her breasts pressing against mine, nipples puckered through the thin material of the bra, pressed upwards like an offering as they rubbed against my shirt. I tilted my head up to capture her lips in mine, she sucked greedily on my lower lip as her hands climbed into my hair. I slid my hands into her robe, grabbing her hips & pulling her pelvis against mine. I liked women because I knew them; understood how they worked, enjoyed every soft round curve that they offered because it was a perfect counterpoint to the way I enjoyed my men. In response to my hands, she ground her pelvis against me, I could feel her heat through my clothing, and her calf climbed up the back of my leg. We kissed deeply, our tongues tasting, learning each other. She pulled away first, leaning over my shoulder to speak to her partner; "See honey, she's wonderful. We don't need chocolate to make her any sweeter, but I'd still love to find somewhere to lick it off!"

Instead of being an awkward third, he blended into the embrace, clearly not an amateur at this game. The chocolate was deposited on a side table, but he dipped one finger in it first, to drizzle over her breasts, bringing his finger up to my lips and tracing chocolate on my bottom lip as his other arm slid down my back to grab my ass and pull me against him. As silently requested, I drew his finger into my mouth, tasting the chocolate and sucking deeply as my free hand traced nails lightly up his chest, starting at the waistband and making sure I brushed his flat nipples on my way up and down. His hand clenched in response on my butt; a nice pressure to let me know that I was getting to him. Twirling my tongue over the tip of his finger, I bit lightly and released his hand, turning to lick the chocolate that was slowly descending down her incredible cleavage towards her bra. Cupping her breasts to allow me better access to her chest was simply expedience, as was unhooking it from the back to let those beauties bounce free for my questing hands. Fingers were unbuttoning my shirt at the same time, I didn't care whose. I was too busy feeling her lush fullness in my hands, laving the stiff peaks with my tongue. I let go long enough to let my arms be pulled out of my shirt, and turned slightly so my ass was pressing against his crotch as I sucked on his wife's nipples; by the protrusion I felt against my skirt, he was certainly enjoying the show! His hands tucked under the waistband of my skirt and I wiggled free of it, allowing him to then unhook the bra too and toss it haphazard to the growing pile of clothes on the floor. 

I came up for air long enough to exchange another kiss with my new lady friend. As the wife, she was the one calling the cards tonight. "So honey, is tonight for you, or for him?" I breathed against her lips, trying to figure out who would be the central player for the festivities. Her response didn't really matter; I just had to make it clear that I was here for the fun not to usurp her. In truth, she didn't answer, just looked at me in brief blankness, then got distracted as her own hands become suddenly filled with my breasts, feeling my nipples pucker against her palms. Her panties had been discarded at dinner, so she was clad in only the robe, which easily slid off her shoulders. Naked, she was shorter than me, maybe 5', so I had to reach down to slide my fingers between her legs, feeling the heat and moisture there. With the pad of my thumb I rubbed the glistening nub, sliding two fingers inside her at the same time. She tightened her fingers on my breasts, bringing delightful sensitivity to my nipples as I stroked her in encouragement. We kissed again, and I felt his hands at the waistband of my skirt, expertly unzipping the side zipper and dropping the skirt to the floor. Other than that, he remained on the sides, watching us play. 

I turned to lick her neck and whisper in her ear "How long are you going to let him keep his pants on?" 

She perused him from head to toe, taking in his black hair and the dark brown eyes that were burning into us both. She stepped away from me and pressed herself against him, I trailed around behind and slid my hands from his shoulders down to his wrists, which I captured in my own, and held them behind his back, imprisoning him for his wife's pleasure. She slowly slid her body down his front until she was on her knees, staring at the massive erection waiting underneath the fabric. Undoing the zipper, she dropped his pants to the floor. My eyes widened at the huge cock that sprung forth, happy to be free. His arms twitched as she licked the tip of him, clearly he was used to being able to reach for her, but he settled into his partial confinement, especially as I let go of his wrists to instead imprison his arms against my front so I could drag my nails across his abdomen, down his thighs to grab the base of his cock and hold it steady for her questing mouth and tongue. My other hand I ran through her hair, guiding her lips onto him while his hands dipped down my front to play with my clit. 

After a minute I let him go, dropping to my knees next to her instead and resuming the play of my fingers between her legs while we licked his shaft and took turns taking him into our mouth, kissing intermittently. She was getting hot fast, she'd drenched my fingers nearly down to the wrist, I'd slid a third finger inside of her and she was gasping around his cock, thrusting her hips in time with her mouth moving up and down on his flesh. 

I released her and stood, my hands sliding down her flaring hips and pulled her up, steering her by the hips until her calves bumped up against the bed, and she fell backwards onto it. I bent over and sucked on the nub my fingers had found and heated to a boiling point, my tongue flicking over her sensitive skin while she writhed on the bed. I felt his hands grab my hips as I bent over his wife, and felt his erection bump between my legs. A small overnight bag also dropped to the floor next to me, a vibrator peeking out. I paused my ministrations briefly to look behind me, he was already wearing a condom. Good boy, I thought, and pressed backwards against him. She mewed impatiently at the interruption, but I renewed my efforts, sliding three fingers into her wet slit while my mouth laved her clit. I reached behind me and guided him along my own moist sheath, moaning against her wetness as he slid in to the hilt. I reached down and selected the large curved vibrator, replacing it with my fingers and sliding it deep inside her as my mouth continued its deft manipulations against her core. She thrashed wildly and bucked against my hands, my mouth. I thrust the toy back and forth in time with the pulsing cock ramming in and out of my own dripping heat with increasing speed. His fingers played with my breasts, my clit, as I fucked his wife. He set the pace for all three of us. 

Feeling a climax building, I let myself go, allowing the warm scent of arousal and rhythmic thrusting to drown and overwhelm my senses. He continued pulsing in and out, slowing for me, feeling my muscles clenching and spasming against his still hard cock. She pulled me upwards to an open mouthed kiss and I slid off him, feeling him re-position against the wide open legs of his still hot and horny bride. She wrapped her legs around him and I lay on top of her, our breasts crushed against each other and her fingers trailed down to tease between my legs. Instead of removing the toy that I'd left lodged inside of her, he pressed himself against the tight ring of her anus, using the my fluids as a lubricant as he slid inside her ass. She sighed into my mouth, before taking my tongue and sucking on it like candy. Not to be left out, I reached down and thrummed the vibrator, rocking it in time with his motions as he now fucked her ass with wild abandon. She thrashed on the sheets, pinned by my weight straddling her and him holding her hips in place. Her hands grabbed my breasts, shoulders, her nails scored my back as I fucked her in time with the toy. Her voice was an unintelligible cadence of "yes, there, more, like that, oh!" He started to groan with the building pressure as she screamed her release, arching on the sheets and lifting us all nearly off the mattress. He came at the same time, leaning forward and nipping my shoulder as he climaxed. We collapsed into a tangled heap, drenched with sweat, our heartbeats thudding in unison. We cuddled for a bit, before they fell off to sleep, sprawled across the bed in wanton abandon. I slowly slid from the bed, and collecting my things. On my way out, I dipped my finger in the now cool chocolate, and scribed a heart with an L on the table by the door.