 Bobbi walked up, bringing me back to today. Looking around to be certain no one could see, she leaned over to put a hand in my crotch as she kissed me hello. 5'4", about 40 or so, age lines around her mouth and her hazel eyes now, but still pretty. Brownish blond hair, usually worn in a short pony tail, slightly heavy thighs, ass just starting to spread a little, small breasts, high cheekbones, a wonderful smile. Talented mouth.

"Deb's getting your coffee?"

"Yeah."

"You going to eat?"

I couldn't help myself. I grinned at her. 

"Fool. I meant food," she said, grinning back at me as she dope-slapped me.

"No. You have any customers?"

"They're all gone. Deb knew you'd be here early so she closed my section," she replied. "That's why she put you over here in the closed section. Should I get undressed?"

"I'll do it," I said. I reached for her hand as I slid further into the booth, pulling her down beside me. I turned her so she was laying back across my lap, then lifted her chin so I could kiss her while I unbuckled her belt and opened her shorts. I pulled her shirt out of her shorts then pushed my hand inside her pantyhose and panties to cup her crotch. She moaned into my mouth and wriggled against my hand as my fingers found her opening.

"Looks like you won't be needing this," Debbie said, arriving with my coffee. "Which one of you couldn't wait?"

"Me," I replied.

"Can I help?"

"Of course."

Deb slid to her knees then reached for the waistband of Bobbi's shorts, pulling the shorts, pantyhose and panties down all at once. Bobbi lifted her hips to make it easier to get her clothes off. When she had Bobbi's clothes down around her ankles, Deb spread Bobbi's legs then leaned in to lick her pussy. Combined with attention my finger was giving her clit, it didn't take long to bring Bobbi to orgasm.

When she had recovered a little bit, Bobbi sat up on the edge of the bench seat so she could lean over to take her shoes off. She kicked her shorts, pantyhose and panties off. Naked from the waist down, she slid over against me. I turned her slightly, so she would lean against me inside my shoulder, then put my arm around her waist. She reached for my hand and slid it between her legs, so I could lightly finger her. Not to get her started again. Not right now, anyway. Just something to do with my hand. Bobbi squeezed her thighs against my hand gently. She likes it when I do that to her.

Deb had slid onto the bench across the table and watched this with an amused expression. We chatted as the last of the customers finished and left. Sitting where we were, in the back of the semi-dark room, we could see them, but to them we would be just dim blurs.

Cheryl walked up to say hi, and slid in next to Deb. In her mid 30's, Cheryl is about 5'6", straight, naturally, and very, blonde hair down to her shoulder blades, worn loose today, blue-gray eyes. Very slender, but strong. Wiry, not skinny. Flat ass but nicely rounded hips, looks great in tight jeans. Small but nicely formed boobs, full mouth. A friendly, open, outgoing personality. As she sat down, she leaned over and gave Deb a quick kiss on the mouth. Stopped, licked her lips, kissed Deb again, turned her head to look at me. 

I gave her a 'Don't look at me, I couldn't stop her' shrug.

Cheryl turned back to Deb to give her a deep open mouth kiss. When she was done, she turned to lean back against Deb the way Bobbi was leaning on me. As Deb put her arm around Cheryl, Cheryl reached up and pulled Deb's hand down until it covered her breast. Deb squeezed the breast lightly and kissed Cheryl on the ear. Cheryl snaked her arm up and around to the back of Deb's head, holding Deb's mouth in place against her ear. Taking her cue, Deb's used her tongue to lick Cheryl's ear, then nipped at her earlobe.

Watching this, Bobbi began squeezing her legs together, reaching down to press my hand tightly against her crotch. I pulled her to me for a deep kiss, then pulled her polo shirt up and off. As I kissed her again, I reached behind her to unfasten her bra. She shrugged it off. Completely naked now, she leaned back against me so I could bring my hands around to cover her breasts, then twisted her head on my shoulder so I could lean down and kiss her. I did. I rubbed my palms in light circles over her nipples until they were hard, then moved my attention to the rest of her breasts. Avoiding her nipples, I ran the tips of my fingers over her breasts, tracing circular patterns until she was wet with desire.

Eventually she pulled away from me, tucked her legs under her and knelt with her knees spread, sitting back on her feet. She grabbed my head in both hands to pull my mouth to her nipple. Knowing what she wanted, I nipped first at one nipple then the other. I slid my hand between her legs and found her slit with my fingers. Caressing her lightly, I nipped, kissed and licked her breasts, stopping now and then to lick and kiss her nipples.

She reached between her legs to guide my fingers where she wanted them, pressed against her clit. Her second orgasm of the afternoon soon overtook her. Cheryl and Deb had stopped to watch us. As Bobbi came down from her high, Cheryl slid out of the booth to stand behind Bobbi, then reached around her to cup her breasts. Bobbi turned her head so Cheryl could kiss her.

Deb got up to make certain the front door was locked. While she was gone, Cheryl sat back down sliding into the corner of the booth that Deb had vacated. She looked up, over my shoulder and grinned. As Deb came around the corner of the booth, I saw why. Deb had taken her shirt and bra off. She leaned over so her large breasts hung down, begging to be caressed. I did. After a minute or so of that, Deb moved around the table and slid into the booth to cuddle with Cheryl. Cheryl slid her arm around Deb's shoulder and put her hand on Deb's breast. Deb turned her head around for Cheryl's kiss.

Bobbi leaned forward to kiss me while reaching for my belt, opening my pants and freeing my erect penis. She stroked me for a couple of minutes, then breaking our kiss, lowered her mouth to me. She took the head penis in her mouth biting down just behind the glans. After a moment of that exquisite agony, she opened her jaws and took me deeply into her throat. Bobbing her head up and down, working her tongue over my penis as she sucked, she soon had me ready to explode. Like I said, talented mouth. Without breaking her rhythm, she snaked a finger under my balls and found my anus. She pushed her finger in to the second knuckle and massaged my prostate. The sensation was indescribable. I erupted in her mouth. When she had cleaned me, she sat back down next to me, put my hand between her legs again, kissed me softly on the cheek.

We sat there in comfortable silence for a few moments, watching Cheryl play with Deb's breasts. Deb had her shorts open and Cheryl's other hand was shoved down the front. 

I stroked Bobbi gently for a few minutes, until I had her wet again.

"Do me?" she asked.

"Up on the table," I said. Bobbi knew what to do. She got up, turned around and sat on the table facing me, on leg on each side of me. She leaned back on her hands and brought her knees up, spreading her legs widely.

I turned my head and kissed the inside of one knee. With gentle touches of my lips and the tip of my tongue I licked and kissed my way up the inside of her thigh until my nose brushed her pubic hair. Lifting my head, I came back to her other knee and started all over. This time when I reached her vee, I kissed the tip of her clit, then began licking her cunt lips. I licked slowly up and down her nether lips, stopping occasionally to kiss and lick the tip of her clit. She shivered and moaned as another orgasm shook her. I continued to lick her for several minutes, through two more orgasms.

When she had rested for a few moments, Bobbi sat up and slid off the table. Reaching for my hand, she pulled me up, pushed my trousers down then pushed me down in a chair. She stepped forward to straddle me, reaching down to guide me into her as she lowered herself onto my once again hard penis. Slowly moving up and down on me, brushing her breasts against my chest, she took her time getting me ready. When she felt I was almost there, she increased the speed of her rhythm, rubbing her clit against my cock until she brought both of us to a crashing climax. I pulled her to me and held her tightly against me while we caught our breath. When we had, she leaned back with a satisfied glow on her face. 

"There's still one place you haven't been today. Do you want it?"

"Yes."

"I've got some lube," Debbie said.

Cheryl got up and sat on the edge of the table. Bobbi stood up and moved up to Cheryl, who took her in her arms, pulling Bobbi tightly against her, rubbing Bobbi's crotch against hers as they kissed deeply. Deb uncapped the tube she had in her hand and knelt behind Bobbi. Feeling Deb's hands on her bottom, Bobbi shifted her legs, moving them back as she spread them so Deb could get to her rosebud.

Debbie kissed and licked Bobbi's ass briefly, then stuck her tongue into Bobbi's puckered anus, probing as deeply as she could. Bobbi moaned with pleasure. After a few moments of that, Deb pulled her mouth away and used her finger to rub the lube into Bobbi. When she was finished, she stood up and stepped back. I got up from the booth and put my hands on Bobbi's cheeks, spreading them gently. Noticing that because of Bobbi's earlier efforts, I wasn't completely hard yet, Deb put her hand on my arm to stop me. Dropping to her knees again she took me in her mouth. She's very good and she quickly had me iron hard.

Moving up behind Bobbi again, I spread her cheeks and pressed the tip of my cock into her anus. Seeing I was ready, Cheryl held Bobbi tightly and kissed her as I slowly but steadily pushed myself into her. When I was fully inside Bobbi, I leaned by body against hers as she began pumping herself on me, rising on her toes then lowering herself back down. I matched her slow rhythm, moving one hand from her waist and reached between her body and Cheryl's to fondle a breast and lightly pinch her nipple. 

With the other hand I reached my hand between her belly and Cheryl's and started fingering her clit. She leaned back against me and gasped softly. I was close to coming, and I wanted her to get there first, so I rubbed her clit until I felt her start to climax. As she did, I stroked deeply in her ass, feeling the familiar tightness in my balls, and then let go. When she finally came down, I pulled out of her slowly before turning her around to give her a long kiss. Thanking her.

Cheryl fetched some warm moist towels, handed one to Debbie so she could clean Bobbi, then used the other to clean me. When she was done, she took my limp cock in her mouth, using her tongue on me. Her mouth was unbelievable. Tender and warm. She pushed her head further down taking my cock in her mouth, enveloping me with her moist warmth.

I was hard again, but I didn't have anything left. I felt Cheryl's lips push down over my knob again, down the length of my prick, and she started moving slowly up and down on me, working me into the back of her throat. Her tongue washed across the sensitive tip. After 3 times with Bobbi, I was empty. My cock swelled in Cheryl's mouth and, with a few more strokes, she pushed me over the edge, but nothing came out.

When Cheryl was satisfied that my little orgasm was over, she took her mouth off the end of my wilting cock and looked up at me, pretending to be disappointed. 

"Oh, well," she said. "It'll be my turn soon."