 Matt and Megan awoke to their last day at the resort. As the early morning sun shone through the window, the couple stirred, for the last time, in their luxurious bed. Megan sat up slowly and looked out the window. 

"Enjoy that view," Matt said. "The last morning you'll see it."

"I know," Megan said. "Hard to believe it's our last day here. What time does our flight leave tomorrow?"

"Nine," Matt said.

"I am going to miss this," Megan said. "What a great week we've had."

"Yeah," Matt said. "Great swimming, food, drinks."

"Hot sex with Danielle," Megan added. "I can't believe how lucky we were to meet her. Almost seems like fate wanted it to happen."

Matt leaned over and gave his wife a long hard kiss. 

"What was that for?" Megan asked after their lips had parted.

"Just because," Matt said. 

Megan knew it wasn't just because. He wanted something and was trying to get her all buttered up. She gave him the look. Matt knew she'd seen right through him.

"We need to talk about Danielle," Matt said.

"What about her?" Megan asked.

"Do we want to take things to the next level with her?"

"You mean, have her be our lover?" Megan asked.

"Yes," Matt replied. "I want to ask her to be our girlfriend."

Megan sat there in silence for a moment, thinking. She loved being with Danielle. She loved talking with her, laughing with her, and just hanging out with her. Plus Danielle was amazing in bed. She and her husband had an open marriage, yes, but she'd never given much thought to actually bringing someone else into their life. It would be fun for both of them to be able to date Danielle and fool around with her on a regular basis, but Megan wasn't sure about her feelings of having "the other woman" in the picture.

"Let me think about it," Megan said. "I need to figure out if I'm comfortable with it."

"No worries, honey. It's totally fine, no matter what you choose. I just want you to be happy. Now, let's get ready and enjoy our last day!"

Matt and Megan hopped in the shower and rinsed off. They threw on their beach clothes and headed to breakfast, where they met Danielle. After getting their food and finding a table, they ordered their drinks, which the waiter returned with a few minutes later. Matt raised his glass.

"Here's to the best vacation anyone could ask for," he said. "And a toast to the sand volleyball champions, the Sand Queens!"

"Cheers!" Megan and Danielle said as the three clinked their glasses together. 

Megan and Danielle has won the pairs sand volleyball tournament the previous evening. Their opponent had been a bit of a surprise. In the semifinals, a mother-daughter team from Arizona had upset the fit, athletic couple Megan and Danielle had faced in their first match. Megan and Danielle had faced two brothers in their semifinal match and defeated them quite handily. The championship match had been fun. The mother-daughter team knew each other's strengths and played to them. The match had gone three sets, with Megan and Danielle winning the first, the mother-daughter team winning the second, and Megan and Danielle winning the third by getting to the cap of 25 points first. As their prize, the ladies each got a trophy and one hundred dollars in cash. Second place got fifty dollars cash. 

"What do we wanna do today?" Megan asked. 

"I want to do everything!" Danielle said.

"Right!" Megan said. 

"Wanna go shopping again?" Matt asked. 

"I want to, but the bus ride is so long," Megan said. "So much wasted time."

"Let's go snorkeling," Matt suggested.

"Oh, I haven't done that at all!" Danielle said. "I didn't know they had snorkeling!"

"Well, that's settled then," Megan laughed. "Let's go!"

They finished their breakfast then headed to the small beachfront hut to get their gear. After a quick safety demonstration, they were handed their fins, masks, and snorkels. This time they decided to take a boat out to a reef. The trip took ten minutes. The threesome donned their gear and jumped into the crystal clear water. Megan watched as Danielle's eyes went wide. Clearly she'd never been snorkeling before. 

The reef was beautiful. It had formed from the wreckage of an old steam liner that had once transported spices from Grenada to England. It had sunk in the early 20th century, and the coral grew up around it, making it a natural habitat for various creatures. A school of small colorful fish swam up close to Matt. He tried to reach out and touch them, but they seemed to slip through his fingers. Megan waved excitedly and pointed. A green sea turtle had come to see what he could find for breakfast and was rewarded with a medium-sized crab. Danielle swam slowly towards it. She reached her hand out and ran it along the turtle's shell. The turtle didn't seem to mind at all. All three swimmers took turns with the turtle, and Megan got a photo of each of them with the turtle. After nearly an hour at the reef, it was time to head back. They swam back to the boat.

"That was awesome!" Danielle said. "The reef was so beautiful! And all those fish!"

"How about that turtle?" Matt asked. "Friendly."

"And that octopus," Megan said to her husband. "I can't believe you dove down and touched it."

"Or that eel," Matt teased.

"Ew," Megan said, twisting her face in disgust.

Megan hated eels. To her, they were mean and nasty, like something out of a nightmare. When Matt had pointed it out, she swam quickly the other way. The return trip to the resort seemed faster than the trip out to the reef. They thanked the pilot as they disembarked and headed back up towards the resort.

"What should we do now?" Megan asked.

"How about we relax in our balcony pool til lunch?" Matt suggested. "We can order drinks."

"Works for me," Danielle said. "I'll go grab some clothes from my room and meet you guys in a bit."

"See you soon," Megan said, giving Danielle a peck on the lips.

Matt and Megan went back up to the room. Matt called room service and orders drinks, along with some fruit and cheese. The butler arrived a few minutes later with their order. Matt thanked the butler and closed the door.

"Food and drink," Matt said.

"That was quick service," Megan commented.

"They aim to please."

There was a knock at the door. Matt opened it, and Danielle walked in, still in her swimsuit. 

"Help yourself to some delicious delights," Matt offered.

Danielle moved over to Matt. She slid her hand down his swim trunks. Matt nearly choked on a piece of cheese.

"Not quite what I meant," he said.

"But it's what I want," Danielle said. "I'm so fucking horny right now. I need some cock. Megan, may I play with your husband?"

Megan hadn't expected this either, but the idea of watching Danielle with Matt got her hot. 

"Do it," Megan replied. 

Danielle peeled her bathing suit off and dropped to her knees. She pulled Matt's trunks down; Matt stepped out of them. Danielle greedily took Matt's cock in her mouth. She went all the way down on him. She felt him become erect in her mouth. She moaned as he hardened. Matt gasped and grabbed Danielle's head. He loved when she moaned on him.

"Fuck," he groaned.

Megan was getting wetter with each passing second. She removed her swimsuit and tossed it aside. She moved to the bed and lay down. She spread her legs wide; Matt could see her pink swollen mound dripping with arousal. 

"Oh, fuck," he moaned again.

Danielle was now deepthroating him, taking him all the way. She loved how he felt in her throat, his warm precum dripping down. She loved the taste of him. 

"Stand up," Matt moaned.

Danielle stood. Matt turned her around.

"Lay down on the bed, with your head slightly off," Matt ordered.

Danielle did as he said. She lay with her head slightly off the bed. She spread her legs so Megan had a clear view of her wet throbbing pussy. She opened her mouth, and Matt slid his rock-hard cock into her. She gagged slightly as it went all the way down her tight throat. Matt leaned forward as he fucked her mouth. He placed his fingers on Danielle's clit and began to gently massage. Danielle moaned loudly on him. His fingers moved around her, teasing her, exciting her. He gently slid her clit between his fingers. She moaned louder. She'd never felt like this before. Megan's finger was now moving quickly back and forth on her own clit, stroking it as fast as she could. She wanted to cum with Danielle and her husband.

"Fuck her throat, Matt," Megan gasped. "Gag her."

Matt thrust as deep as he could into Danielle's mouth. Megan heard her gag hard on her husband's manhood. It drove her wild. She was building quickly, and she wasn't going to be able to hold back. Matt's moans grew louder and louder. Danielle was nearly screaming as Matt's fingers toyed with her throbbing pussy. Megan could see Danielle's clitoris throbbing. Matt's head went back.

"Fuck!" he yelled.

Danielle felt him jerk in her mouth. Warm, thick, sweet cum shot into her throat. She swallowed, loving the feel of it dripping down her throat. She couldn't hold back. She gave one final moan, and her pussy released. Her and Matt's moans of pleasure sent her over the edge. She and Danielle orgasmed simultaneously. Their pussies contracted hard, their juices squirting out. Within seconds the sheets were soaked. Danielle continued sucking Matt's erection, wanting to make sure every last drop was out. When she was convinced there was nothing left she pulled away. 

"Fuck, that was hot," Megan gasped, pulling Danielle to her.

She kissed Danielle passionately, tasting her husband on Danielle's lips. Danielle pushed her backwards. They lay back on the bed, bodies intertwined, lips locked together in total passion. They kissed hard for several minutes before their lips finally parted. Megan had now made up her mind about Danielle. Megan loved her, there was no other way to describe it. She wanted Danielle in her life. And yes, she'd have to share her with Matt, but that could be worked out. She sat up and looked to Danielle's sparking green eyes.

"I love you," she said.

Danielle looked stunned for a moment. Then a smile broke across her face.

"I love you, too," Danielle said. "Both of you."

"Danielle, will you be our girlfriend?" Matt asked. "I know it might seem weird and complicated, but we want you in our life. Fate seems to have brought us together, and we want to see what our lives could be like, together."

"I will," Danielle smiled. "I would love to be your girlfriend!"

The three lovers embraced tightly and kissed and laughed. Who would've guessed what had started as a romantic vacation would've led to a new romance? Even though their vacation was ending, their lives together were just beginning.