 NOTE:  This is an adult story. If you are not a legal adult in your jurisdiction, please do not continue. If frank depictions of human sexuality offend you, please do not continue. Otherwise, please enjoy.

Together to Learn - The Rest of the Evening

	Pam looked around the room at the expectant faces of her friends. Thanks to her and Mitsy, and with Alan and Jenny's help, they all had just learned a lot more about human sexual response than any of them had known before. Pam could hardly believe she was standing there, naked, with five other naked people, much less that she had been the instigator of it.

	"What the hell do you think you're doing?" she thought to herself. "You just masturbated a man and woman to orgasm. And you talked all five of them into this. And you enjoyed it. And now you want to masturbate in front of all them." For a shy girl from a Southern Baptist family who'd only been kissed once, after her senior prom, and then very quickly by an even more embarrassed boy, this was an enormous step up the sexual activity chain. Still, there was no point in doing things halfway. She sucked in her breath for about the hundredth time that night and started talking.

	"Ok, that was pretty good. Thank you Jenny and Alan. Let's everybody sit down and rest for a minute. What did you think?"

	"Well," Jenny said, "I've never had two orgasms in a row like that. It was incredible. I just don't want any of you to think I'm a slut or something. I mean, I was nervous when we first started, and then you all started touching me, and Pam was getting kind of clinical, but the feelings were just so good and it just kept growing and growing and the guys fingers on me and Alan tapping my clitoris just like I like and Larry's finger in me and ..." her voice trailed off. "Oh god, I'm babbling," Jenny muttered.

	"No, no," said Mitsy. "You're right. It was exciting. And watching Alan really got to me. I've never seen an erect penis before, other than when I changed a baby boy when I was babysitting and that doesn't count. And then he came and all the white stuff squirted out of him and I was just squirming."

	"Well," asked Amy, "what are we going to do now?"

	"Um, well I think we could learn more about how we masturbate," said Pam. "You all told me you do it when I asked you before I told you about this party. So, since we've learned about men's and women's parts, I think it's time to see how we do it to ourselves."

	"All at once or one at a time?" asked Jenny.

	"Well, umm, well.." Pam was stammering. "I, uh, I want to do it one at a time, or at least I want to show you one thing I do." She could barely believe her ears. Ever since she had thought this idea up three weeks ago when she and Mitsy had been watching that show on TV she'd had this fantasy about masturbating in front of a group of people. And know she was going to do it. 

	"You're blushing," said Alan. "Do you really..."

	"Just sit here for a minute," Pam said. "Let me do this now or I never will." She got up and went into the bedroom. A minute later she was back, carrying the massager her mother had sent her when she was complaining about cramps in her back from the stress of school. She plugged it into an outlet next to a recliner in the corner of the room. Then she picked up a towel from a stack she had set out earlier and spread it out over the chair.

	"Ok, I got this from my Mom to help rub the knots out from between my shoulders. But, I read Cosmo and some of those other magazines, so one night I thought I'd try what they said other women do with these things. I really like it. So I'm going to show you." She sat down in the recliner and pulled the lever, leaning back so her legs were up a bit and she was comfortable. She spread her legs.

	"Jeez, you're shaved," gasped Larry. 

	"Yeah," Pam blushed again.

	"But, why?" asked Amy.

	"Well, my Mom taught me to keep my pubic hair trimmed when I got to puberty. I thought it was a little weird since it didn't look like any of my friends did it when I looked at them in the shower at gym. But she said real ladies trim their hair. And she showed me how to shave so it wouldn't show around my bathing suit. One night I just shaved it all off. It felt good, and so I kind of kept it up, but like this. Now I do it because of that, and because I kind of feel cleaner like this."

	It was now or never, Pam thought to herself. Live out this fantasy. 

	"Ok, I'm going to start. No questions 'til after."

	Pam leaned back and began caressing herself. Her hands ran up her legs and over her hips, then up her sides just grazing the sides of her breasts, then up over her face and over her head, pulling her hair up. She ran her hands back down her body, then up again, this time caressing the insides of her thighs, then up over her stomach and pausing at her breasts. Slowly, she stroked her nipples into erection. Little thrills ran through her.

	"Mmmh, that's good" she thought to herself. "Now suck." Pam lifted her left breast up, bent down her head and began sucking the nipple she presented to herself. The nipple grew harder as she worried it with her lips. The others watched this display. Larry and Alan became erect. Pam's right hand was massaging her right breast as she nursed at herself. She could feel herself becoming even moister and her clit beginning to become erect.

	"All right," she thought. "Do it now." Pam reached over, picked up the massager and switched it on. It was about a foot long, with a head about the size of a tennis ball. It began to hum.

	Pam released the breast from her mouth, the nipple gleaming wetly with her saliva. Gently, she touched the massager to it, and then moved it to her right nipple. With her free hand she gently caressed her labia. Little electric shocks started running through her. Her nipples hardened even further, aching from the contact with the massager. Her clitoris hardened and peaked from under its hood.

	Pam lowered the massager to her thighs, and caressed the soft curves leading towards her sex. "Now," she thought, and drew the head of the massager up and over her puffy labia. Her hips jerked up a little at the insistent buzz. She was careful to avoid her clitoris.

	"Ohh yeah," she sighed. She glanced around at her audience. Alan was just beginning to stroke himself and Mitsy was rubbing herself as well. Amy was absent-mindedly fiddling with her left nipple and Jenny had her arms crossed tightly across her breasts. Larry was just staring, open mouthed. She looked at his crotch. His penis was hard and twitching. She felt another little electric thrill run through her. "Now give them a little show," she thought. "Am I really doing this?" immediately shot through her mind. "Yes, do it," was her response. She spread her legs a bit wider and reached down to part her lips, exposing the moist, bright pink skin of her vagina. 

	Pam carefully placed the head of the vibrator over the opening of her vagina and let her labia close around the head of the vibrator. The vibrations ran through her groin. She felt the first hints of her approaching orgasm.

	Her free hand reached up and began massaging her right breast, pulling it up and away from her body, tugging on the nipple, and then running it all over her breast. She switched to the other breast and repeated the action. Her breath was coming in short pants. The vibrations were becoming more and more insistent. She could feel her muscles tensing, anticipating the ecstatic release of orgasm.

	"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh" she gasped. She was getting close. Her hips started jerking up against the vibrator. "Ok, now on high," she told herself. She flicked the switch on the handle, and the sound of the vibrator moved up an octave. The others watched as Pam slowly moved the vibrator up the fraction of an inch that brought it in contact with her clitoris. Pam's gasps got louder. "Oh, OH, OH, that's' it, oh yeah, OH YEAH, HERE IT IS, HERE IT IS!" Her legs slapped together, pressing the vibrator tightly against her. Her hips lifted up off the chair. "I'M COMING, I'M COMING," Pam gasped. Her friends watched in awe as Pam's orgasm engulfed her. They saw her legs tighten against the massager, her hips jerking up against the buzzing wand she held between them, and then watched as her legs gently fell open. Pam moved the vibrator away from herself and switched it off. Her genitals gaped open, now almost red. Pam's breathing slowed and she fell deep into the chair. Her hips twitched one last time. The scent of her arousal had filled the room.

	Amy brought a bowl of warm water and a washrag and gently cleaned Pam's genitals.

	"Ohh, thank you, that feels nice" Pam sighed.

	Amy gently swabbed Pam's vulva. "Can I admit she turns me as much as the guys do?" she thought. "I could just about feel that thing between my legs. I wonder what it really feels like?  I wonder what it felt like when she was rubbing Jenny's breasts before? And look at Larry and Alan. What would it feel like to have one of them in me? Oh god, what am I going to do when it's my turn? Do I dare ask Alan to help me do what I think about when I masturbate? Would he, or Larry, or ...even Pam do it?"

	"Mmmhh," Pam sighed. "That's really good."

	Amy came back to her senses. She gave Pam's vulva one more stroke and then put the washrag and the bowl of water aside. "So, I guess it's a guy's turn, now," she said.

	"And I guess that means me," said Larry. "What do you want me to do?"

	"Just show us how you masturbate," said Mitsy.

	Pam had risen from the chair and was spreading a clean towel over it. "C'mon Larry, you can sit here and do it."

	"Well, ok, but, ummm, do you have any lotion?"

	"What for?" asked Jenny.

	"Wait, I've got some here in my purse," said Amy. She pulled out a small bottle of hand lotion and handed it to Larry.

	Larry had blushed bright red, and his erection had lost some of its hardness. 

	"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you," said Jenny.

	"That's ok," Larry replied. "I guess this is a little embarrassing for all of us. It's for lubrication. It makes my hand slip over my penis easier.  And you do it different, kind of, if you don't use some kind of lubricant. This is the way I usually do it, so I guess I'll show you that."  He looked around the room. He wasn't as excited as he had been a few minutes ago while he was watching Pam, but he figured if he looked at the women it might help.

	Larry took inventory of the women. Pam's labia were still a bit swollen and she had a flush on her chest. The nipples on Amy's little breasts were standing up, but her dark pubic hair hid any view of her genitals. Jenny still had her arms crossed over her chest with her hands covering her breasts, but when he looked at her crotch he also could see her inner lips poking out a little from between the big ones. Mitsy was still gently stroking herself. A quick glance at Alan, who gave him a thumbs-up sign. He looked back at Mitsy, and the hand moving gently between her legs. He was hard again.

	Larry opened the bottle of lotion and poured a little over the tip of his penis. He reached down, made a fist around his penis, and started stroking, working the lotion into his skin. He looked around again. Everyone was watching him. Four naked women, and they'd jerked Alan off a little while ago and one he'd had his fingers in and another who had just got herself off with a vibrator. "Thank you, whoever is responsible for me getting to do this," he thought. 

	His hand quickened its pace. Larry's method was really pretty simple. He just rubbed up and down, squeezing now and then. Once in a while he rubbed his palm over the glans of his penis, but that feeling was one of those really good but almost painful ones, so he didn't do it a lot, especially as he got near the end.

	Mitsy realized she'd been rubbing herself and jerked her hand away from her crotch. "What if they saw?" she thought. "Just like a little slut, and it's not even your turn. But wait. This was all about learning about each other. If what she was watching was turning her on, why shouldn't she touch herself? This wasn't about taking turns, it was about sex. Sure, they weren't really having sex, or at least intercourse, but it was about masturbating and that is sex." Mitsy watched Larry's hand moving rhythmically up and down his penis. She could see he was tensing up a little, and his face was in kind of a grimace. "Does it hurt?" she asked. "You look real tense."

	"No, it's just starting to feel real good." Larry kept stroking. He was starting to get there. He could feel the tingle starting to run up the length of his dick. He picked up the pace a little and started squeezing a little tighter.

	Jenny watched, fascinated. He was squeezing himself so hard and it was getting all dark and purply. She squeezed her arms more tightly against herself, pressing her breasts tightly against her rib cage. She felt her nipples harden against the palms of her hands that covered them. 

	"I'm getting close," Larry announced. His hand moved even faster, becoming almost a blur. He face tightened into a grimace. He was almost there.

	And then it was there and his hips had arched up off the chair and the  first burst of semen leaped from the tip of his penis in an arc, landing on his stomach. His hand didn't slow and more gouts of sperm fountained from him. Jenny was counting quietly to herself - "two...three...four....five.........six."

	Larry slumped back down in the chair, his fist still holding his penis, his belly and hand covered with sperm.

	This time Pam was there with the bowl of warm water and washrag, and she gently cleaned him up. As she washed him, Larry released his grip and his erection slowly subsided.

	"Was it good?" asked Mitsy.

	"Boy, that's a man question if I ever heard one," said Alan.

	"Shush," said Pam. "Remember, no put downs."

	"Sorry," Alan mumbled.

	"That's ok," said Mitsy. "I was thinking that when I asked. But, Larry, was it good?"

	"Yeah, it was," said Larry. "I was kind of nervous at first, especially with all of you watching. But you women being here naked kind of got me over that, and then it was just kind of like it always is - I was looking at you instead of fantasizing, but the feeling was pretty much the same, just a little more intense."

	"So, who's next?" asked Pam, looking at Amy and Mitsy. 

	They looked nervously at each other. Both had been thinking about what she'd do when it was her turn, but neither had decided exactly what.

	"Do we need to toss a coin again?" said Pam.

	"No, I'll do it," said Amy. She'd just settled on what she wanted to do. This whole evening had been a fantasy, so why not live one out. "But I need a little help."

	"What kind of help?" Mitsy asked.

	"I need, umm, Alan to help me do this. It's what I think about sometimes when I masturbate."

	"What do you need me to do?" Alan asked.

	"Umm, just sit in the chair and spread your legs out so I can sit between them."

	Alan sat down and spread his legs as requested. His erection stood out proudly from the thatch of light brown pubic hair that surrounded it. Amy looked at it, and then sat down in front of Alan with her back to him. 
	"Hold your penis up so I don't hurt it," she said to Alan.

	He did, and she slid back against him, pinning his penis between her lower back and his stomach. Alan was surprised how soft Amy's skin was and how good it felt when she reclined back against him. At just five feet and weighing only 105 lbs. she easily cradled herself between his legs. 

	"Now give me your hands," she demanded.  Alan reached around her and Amy took each of his hands with hers. "Just let me guide them," she said.

	Reaching down, she placed Alan's hands under her knees. She then pulled up each leg individually, spreading it out and anchoring it over the arms of the recliner. She was now splayed open, fully exposed to her four friends gathered around her. They saw her pink labia peeking from the forest of dark curls in her crotch. Mitsy was rubbing herself again and Larry's penis was slowly becoming erect. Jenny tightened her arms against herself and squeezed her breasts gently. Pam sat on the massage table, her legs dangling over the edge.

	Amy nestled her head against Alan's chest. With her left hand, she drew Alan's hand up and began caressing her tiny breasts. A tiny shiver ran through her as she rubbed his palm over her nipples.

	"Mmmh, it feels even better than when I do it alone," she murmured.

	"Thanks, it's real nice to touch you like this," said Alan.

	"Shh," Amy hissed. "This is my fantasy."

	Amy kept stroking her breasts with Alan's hand. She could feel her areolas puffing out and her nipples elongating. She trapped one nipple between Alan's thumb and forefinger and rolled it gently. She felt the little line of excitement run from her nipple to her clitoris that she considered step one on the trip to her orgasm.

	Now she took Alan's right hand and cupped it over her vulva and then began rubbing in small circles. Another little shiver of excitement ran through her. She felt herself lubricating. Step two.

	"Squeeze my breasts," she told Alan. He complied, gently squeezing the small, firm mounds of flesh, alternating between them. Amy sighed as the tingle running from breasts to clitoris increased in intensity.

	Amy pressed down on the middle finger of Alan's right hand, insinuating it between her labia and then into the entrance of her vagina. She felt the muscles there clutch at the penetrating finger, gripping down on it. It was certainly bigger than her small finger, and filled her nicely. She consciously squeezed down on the finger. Yet another shiver ran through her and she felt her clitoris starting to erect. She reached the third stage. 

	Reluctantly, she drew Alan's finger from her vagina and then, with agonizing slowness, up toward her clitoris. She concentrated closely on the feelings that finger was producing as it slid over her urethra and between her lower lips. Finally it reached her clitoris, and her hips jerked away at the intensity of the touch.

	"God, I know what that's like," thought Jenny. That first touch when you knew you were really excited and that this time was going to be really good and all the nerves down there were just firing off in excitement and then that first touch on your clit and it was always just that little bit too much, but you knew you were coming back to it because it would feel so good.

	Amy was pulling Alan's hand away from her breasts now. "I want a finger in me," she thought. "I need something to squeeze down on." Gently she directed his hand to her vagina and pushed a finger deep into herself. "Just hold that there," she whispered. "Don't move it, just keep it in me." 

	Alan held his finger in her as he was told, Amy's small hand holding his firmly in place. She was so soft and moist and her vagina was almost hot. He felt Amy shift a little, and her back rubbed against the sensitive underside of his penis. "Do that again," he thought. "That was really nice."

	Amy felt Alan's penis as she rubbed a little against it. "It's even better than I imagined," she thought. "It's firm and hard and its just there. And I can feel his balls against my butt. This is so good."

	She felt Alan's finger filling her and gently contracted her muscles around the firm digit buried within her. It was just right. "That's step four. Now it's time."

	Amy gently spread Alan's fingers and placed one on either side of her clitoris, making sure they were touching the skin of her clitoral hood. It was best when she just rubbed the sides like this, pulling the skin back and forth over the shaft. She started rubbing, her fingers on top of his, guiding them. 

	She started slowly and gently increased the pace. After a minute or two she increased the pace, and then began rhythmically squeezing down on the finger inside her, keeping pace with the fingers rubbing against her clitoris. "Now I'm at the last step before you go all out," she thought. This was the step Amy could make last forever, and often did. She could build the tension in her groin until that point just before she fell over the edge and went totally for her orgasm. It made her feel warm and full and excited. 
