 Max stumbled down the stairs to the basement. He was so focused on not tumbling in the low light put off by the LED lights under the stairs, that he didn't initially notice he wasn't alone. Tera and Carla sat cross-legged facing each other on the floor of the discussion pit. 

Max slipped onto the sofa that sat against the entry wall to the room and quietly watched the pair. The women sat cross legged on the floor, their bare knees pressing up against each other. They silently admired and explored each other's naked bodies. Tera ran her right finger tips down the slope of Carla's right breast, pausing to trace the outline of her pink nipple. It looked to Max like he wasn't the only one experiencing a high from the brownies.

"I know it's not PC to talk about black women's hair, but yours is just so amazing," Carla said as Max watched her raise her right hand to the side of Tera's tight curly updo.

"It's' ok. Thank you. You know, the first time I saw a girl with blonde hair like yours, I got obsessed. I couldn't figure out how God could love me if he wouldn't give me just a little natural blonde hair." Carla laughed a little. "What, it's not funny," Tera teased her as she broke into laughter herself.

"Well, I'm glad God gave you this hair so I could be here to see it," Carla told Tera. She seemed to be entranced in Tera's curls.

Max heard the basement door open and the sound of heavy feet making their way down the steps. He heard whispers and then the sound of one of the newcomers shushing the whispers as they passed through the doorway into the room. Tom led the way as C.J. and Peter crept behind. All three were still wearing their robes and they maintained their focus on the women on the floor of the room as they navigated the edge of the space. 

Peter sat two cushions down from Max while C.J. and Peter made their way to the sofa against the left wall of the room. Watching the men pass, Max realized someone had laid a large crimson sheet over the floor and smaller coverings were tucked into the sofas. Max chuckled to himself, thinking that C.J. and Peter probably thought they were sitting on a different sofa but, as far as Max was concerned, they were all just sharing one giant bed at this point.

Max turned his focus back to watching the women sitting on the floor. He softened his focus and, as Tera and Carla explored each other's upper arms, it looked like they were melting into each other. From his vantage point, he saw Tera's left hand disappear behind Carla's right shoulder and he wondered if it was now permanently part of Carla's upper torso. Carla reached her right hand up to Tera's face and he wanted to warn her not to let her fingers dip too far into her smooth mocha cheek. The two women were slowly becoming one entity in Max's mind's eye and he wondered to himself if he would have to share the final product with C.J. when they left the house in two days.

Max shook his head and tried to regain his senses. "What's in those brownies?" He leaned over and whispered to Tom.

"Just lots of THC and a little TLC," Tom chuckled.

As Max turned back to the bodies intertwined on the floor, he saw Tera and Carla were starting to softly kiss each other on the lips. Kirsten's hands were locked behind Tera's neck and Tera's hands slid down Carla's side to take hold of her waist. Max could feel his penis starting to wake up again inside his robe. 

He looked to his left and C.J. was sitting forward, his elbows on his knees as he watched Max's girlfriend and his own girlfriend enjoy each other. The guys must have left the basement door open when the came down because, suddenly, more figures entered the room. Max looked up quickly and Erica and Sharon were standing next to him in their robes with their hoods down. They both watched Tera and Carla for a moment before Erica stretched up to whisper something in Sharon's ear.

Sharon looked across the room at C.J. and Peter and a small smile broke on her lips. She walked in front of Max and Tom, gently touching Tom's knee as she passed and made her way around the room to sit in the middle of the sofa, with C.J. on her left and Peter to her right. She reclined into the sofa and rubbed her left hand up and down C.J.'s hunched over back and rested her right hand over Peter's left knee. Erica, meanwhile, had settled in between Max and Tom. She leaned over to Max to whisper in his ear.

"Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?"

"I don't think so," was all Max could manage to whisper in reply.

"Hi Tom. Enjoying my brownies," she asked as she rotated her body to face the other man on the sofa. Max turned to watch Erica's petite frame as she climbed up on her knees and took Tom's head in her arm, alternately rubbing her fingers through his hair and kissing him on his right cheek and ear.

"Of course. You make the best ones. I think the kid may have overdone it a touch, though," Max's older sofamates laughed.

"All the better for me," Erica responded as she rotated her body toward Max. She lifted her left leg and perched her body on Max's left thigh, sitting on top of his robe. She nibbled at his earlobe. "I want to eat you up."

Max took the cue and slipped his left arm inside Erica's robe and around her waist. She leaned to his right and took his right hand from his lap and pulled it inside the top opening of her robe and pressed it to her breast. Max could feel her nipple poking out of her small tea cup breast. Erica leaned in and the two started to kiss, lips and tongues swirling around and locking into each other.

Erica reached to her right and grabbed the fabric on Tom's shoulder and pulled him closer. She released her lips from Max's lips and planted a kiss on Tom's mouth. Max continued to massage her breast as he watched the two sets of lips dancing on top of each other.

Erica sighed as she pulled away from Tom and slipped off the fabric belt around her wasit. Her robe fell open in the front and now Max could watch his right hand working its way around her breast as his left hand held her waist steady. She slid the fabric on Max's leg to the side and started to grind her hips and undercarriage against his skin. He could feel her lower lips opening and closing as they slid across his thigh.

In the distance, Max caught the sight of C.J. and Peter slouched into the cushions with their eyes closed as Sharon's hands moved up and down inside the front of their robes. C.J. rolled his head toward Sharon and used his hand to pull her chin toward his. He kissed her gently on her lips as she slowly and deliberately moved her hand up and down. Peter reached his right hand over to Sharon's left leg and slid the silk fabric to the side so he could run his hand from the inside of her knee up to places still hidden by the fabric.

As Max looked back at Erica's face, her eyes were closed but she rocked her head back and forth slowly in rhythm with her hips rubbing against his legs. After a few more moments of grinding on Max's leg, Erica stood up at the foot of the sofa. She pulled her robe off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor leaving her standing fully nude in front of the men. Max let his eyes drop down the length of her flat breasts and skinny stomach that descended straight down into her narrow hips. Between her legs, the dark pink flesh of her her inner vulva poked ever so slightly out the bottom of her outer vulva.

"Like what you see, Max?" She asked.

Erica reached out with each hand and pulled the belt off each of the men's robes. The sides of Max's robes fell open, leaving his swollen penis in the open. He could feel the circulating air from the vents on his exposed skin. She dropped to her knees and started to lick her way up Max's inner thigh. He watched as she reached out to Tom with her right hand and pulled the right side of his robe open, exposing his growing bulbous penis. She ran her hand up and over the wrinkles on Tom's scrotum to his penis and started stroking as Max felt her find the head of his own erection with her mouth. 

She pressed her thin lips onto the tip of Max's penis and the erection stretched further inside her mouth. He looked down at Erica and her brown eyes were locked into his eyes. Placing his hand gently on Erica's head, Max started to run his fingers through her short hair, massaging her scalp as she worked over the two men.

Behind Erica, Max saw that Tera had moved to her knees and was straddling Carla's hips. Her chest was pressed forward, giving Carla's mouth access to explore Tera's muscular chest and heavy mocha breasts. Every so often, Carla's eyes drifted up to check-in with Tera. Max's focus came back to Erica as she pulled away from the head of his penis, her mouth making a small pop as it broke free.

"I'll be right back," she promised as she stood and slid over to stand in front of Tom. Erica brushed her hair away from her ears with her hands. 

Max noticed how skinny she looked from the side. The small amount of flesh from her small breasts sagging ever-so-slightly down her chest and she reached down with an open hand to grasp Tom's penis with her right hand as she stepped up and into his lap. Max watched Tom's penis disappear into Erica as she lowered herself on top of his lap. She took hold of him with both arms behind his neck and pressed him close to her as her hips rocked back and forth.

Max reached for his own penis, wanting to let himself fully experience the excitement from the sight of the older couples' coitus. He worked his hand slowly, lubricated by the saliva left behind by Erica's mouth and the pre-cum leaking from his organ. He started to look around the room again and found himself locking eyes with Carla. Her hand was between Tera's legs now. Then, she stopped and said something quietly to Tera and Tera turned her head to look at Max. She flashed a wide grin and started to stand up, extending a hand down to Carla.

The two women held hands as they approached Max. He sat up as they approached, taking in the contrast of Tera's taller broader frame against Carla's slender figure.

"Slide over?" Tera requested as she neared the couch. Max was staring straight up into the curly black hair that covered her mons pubis. He certainly couldn't refuse and he complied in silence as he continued to stare. Tera turned around and sat down, using Carla's hand to help her slow her descent. Carla slowly made her way to the floor, smiling and darting glances between Max and his new neighbor. He wasn't sure what exactly she had in mind but the devilish look on her face made it seem enticing.

Carla's hands led the way up each of Tera's strong brown thighs and her mouth followed with a line of kisses up the inside of Tera's left thigh. Tera responded by spreading her legs open just a little more and scooting herself forward to the edge of her seat. Tera reached her left hand down her leg and caught hold of Carla's hand. Max watched Tera's chest rise as Carla's tongue made it's way up to the smooth folds between her legs. He could see the muscles in her chest tense and then release as she exhaled deeply. He could hear Carla's mouth starting to go to work on Tera's sex and he felt his penis respond to the sights and sounds. He was in a full salute to the women's work.

After a few moments of warming Tera up, Carla raised her right hand and extended a finger in Max's direction. She turned it around and flicked it in a beckoning and Max had no choice but to follow orders. He slid down to the floor and knelt just off to the side of Tera's left knee. Carla pulled her face away from Tera's crotch and looked at Max before taking the back of his hair in her hand and pulling it next to her face. 

She guided his head into the middle of Tera's legs as she leaned in next to him. Max could feel her cheek up against his as he extended his tongue and started licking up and down Tera's outer folds. Carla pressed her face and tongue into the crevice as well as Tera spread her legs wide. The couple took turns toying with Tera's oval clitoris and slipping fingers in and out of her opening. When she wasn't focused on Tera, Carla took time to slide her free hand up and down Max's erection. He slid his hand gently up and down Carla's spine and traced the outline of her shoulder blades as she moved her whole tongue up and down Tera's folds.

To his right, Max noticed that Erica had spun around and was now sitting in Tom's lap, small breasts bobbing up and down for the whole room to see as she rode him. The moaning from the couple caught the attention of Carla who leaned her head backward to watch. She wiped her mouth and face of the fluids that had accumulated there before pressing a kiss into Max's cheek and rising to her feet.

Max looked up at Tera who motioned for him to continue Carla's work. He raised his hands up under Tera's legs, just behind her knees, and pulled her lower torso up to him, sliding her down onto her back. His mouth descended into her now upturned vagina. He watched the dark folds of her labia grow larger and then disappear below his upper lip as he approached and then locked on. His eyes drifted up through her pubic hair and over the thin layer of fat that covered her muscular abs and he watched Tera squirm in response to his tongue. Her eyes were closed and one hand gripped the edge of the sofa cushion while the other cupped her breast and pinched her nipple with its fingers. 

Max's tongue tumbled across Tera's clitoral bud and he saw her eyes open wide as her breathing sped up and she began to almost rhythmically call to him, "Stay...right...there."

Max held his mouth tight to her mound as he buzzed his tongue across its mark. Tera writhed and grinded in ecstasy and then her lower body was suddenly limp and quiet in his arms. Her left hand released her breast and flopped onto the sofa. Her breathing returned to slow deep rhythms.

"Thank you," she whispered.

Max returned Tera's feet to the floor and she remained spread out on her back on the seat of the sofa. To his right, Carla had joined Tom and Erica. Erica had swiveled back around and sat in Tom's lap while she held his penis between her hands, slowly pleasing him as he extended his head and tongue upward to tease Carla between her legs. Carla stood straddling Tom's head with her hands locked onto the back of the sofa below her. Max found the sight of Carla's perfect ass rocking in time with Tom's tongue made his pulse quicken and his face flush with excitement.

He sat in the cushion between Tom and Tera to get a better view but, when Erica saw him sit, she released her grasp from Tom and leaned across Max's lap, grabbing at his penis and rubbing it with her hands to bring it back to a full erection. She brought her mouth to his lap and she was not sweet and slow like she had been before. This time she attacked his penis with the full force of her neck and mouth. Her left hand gripped the joint of his testicles and penis shaft as her right explored his pectoral muscles. Max curled his toes, feeling a sudden electricity surging through him.

Erica let go of Max for a moment and and reached around the other side of the sofa Carla and re-emerged with a condom in hand. Ripping the condom open, Erica let the wrapper fall to her feet and she expertly pressed it down onto Max's stiff penis. He felt the latex grip the veins on the underside of his wet penis as it rolled downward. Erica gave his penis a few quick strokes and then turned around and guided it into her vagina as she sat back into his lap.

At first, Erica rocked back and forth, as Max had seen her do earlier with Tom. This time, however, he was staring directly at her thin back. He could see her hair had become messy and a little damp with sweat where it met her neck. He reached out and grabbed a handful of hair as he began bucking his hips, pressing himself farther into her channel. Erica responded by grabbing his inner thighs and using her arms to lift herself up and down his member. He felt her pubic bone scrape the bottom of his penis and let go of her hair so that he could wrap his arms around her and press his chest into her back.

Max could hear the sound of skin slapping against skin and looked across the room to see Sharon stretched out on her hands and knees across the cushions on the other sofa. Peter was rapidly pumping away at her from behind while she tried desperately to keep hold of C.J.'s penis as he sat facing her on the sofa. As if trying to compete with her husband or the woman he was currently fucking, Erica increased the pace of her own gyrations and pumping until she finally reached exhaustion.

Erica collapsed down into Max's lap and he reached his hand around into her groin, trying to give her some stimulation to keep working.

"I need a break," she panted. She turned her face to Max and kissed him on the cheek before carefully lifting herself out of his grasp. Max stood up to cede his seat to Erica. She dropped down onto the sofa and Max slipped down to the floor, resting his head between Erica's knees as she rubbed his scalp from behind.

"I want to do that," her heard Erica tell Tom.

Tera stood up from the sofa and leaned over Max's head. Her breasts danced on the top of his scalp she she used her hand to explore his broad chest.

"You're a rock star," Tera whispered into his left ear.

"Come with me," Tera whispered to Max. She stood and grabbed his hand and led him toward the couch where Peter continued to dive into Sharon from behind while she attempted to keep C.J. engaged. From behind them, he heard Carla's passionate wails as an orgasm crescendoed. 

Tera put her hands on C.J.'s shoulders and she bent over to tell him something that wasn't audible to Max over the moans now coming from both sofas. C.J. smiled and stood up from the couch. 

"We're switching things up," she told Sharon who looked at them while she continued to rock herself against Peter. The couple ceased their assault on each other as Tera and C.J. started removing cushions and pillows from the sofa and tossed them into the center of the discussion pit. Peter removed himself from Sharon and ripped his condom off and tossed it in the trashcan at the end of the sofa. Tera grabbed a handful of condoms from the bowl on the end table and flipped them into the discussion pit to join the pillows as the small crew proceeded to strip the rest of the cushions and add them to the pile in the middle of the room.

"Grab the lube," Tera instructed and Max picked up the tube resting on the end table as he followed her down into the discussion pit. Erica joined them from the other sofa and she helped Peter and Sharon arrange some cushions on the floor so that they could recline next to each other. Tera gently pushed C.J.'s chest and, taking her lead, he tossed himself onto his back on the soft floor. Max wasn't sure if Tera brought him along just for the voyeur experience of she had some use for him. He stood awkwardly in the middle of the flurry of bodies around him as he felt himself rapidly going soft.

"I'll take that," Tera said as she grabbed the tube from Max's hand and twisted off the lid and applied the lube to her fingers. As she knelt with her knees clenched around C.J.'s pelvis, she inserted her fingers between her legs and then rubbed the leftover fluid on onto the condom on C.J.'s penis as he pulled a pillow behind his head. Tera kept hold of C.J. as she lowered herself onto him and pressed her right hand into his chest as she began to rock her lower torso against him. Max watched her the muscles in her glutes compress and expand as she rode her man. As she rode C.J., she reached back with her left hand and teased the little brown eye between her butt cheeks.

"Come over here," she told Max. "Ready for the fun part?" she asked as he grew near. "Put on a condom and some lube on and then come closer."
