 "You want a ride?"

There were two of them in the truck. The driver was maybe thirty or so -- lean, unshaven, an earring in one ear, and a gleam in his eyes that I should have been wary of. His companion was younger -- not much older than me. He was wearing a cowboy hat. I should have shook my head and kept walking, but something made me say, "Yeah, sure," and all of a sudden the cowboy opened his door, hopped out, and motioned for me to climb up. I did, conscious of him behind me as I slid over, the leather seat cool on the backs of my thighs. The cowboy grinned and slid over next to me, so I was squeezed between the two of them. Then he closed the door and we started moving.

"Where you headed?" It was the driver again. He seemed the more talkative of the two. I shrugged.

"Anywhere."

"You runnin' away?" Maybe runaways were common around here. I shrugged again.

"Got nothin' to go back to." I tried to sound tough.

"What's your name?" asked the cowboy. He was looking at me, a smidgen of the grin he'd given me earlier still remaining.

"Jo," I said.

"Well, I'm Todd, and this here's Curtis," he answered, motioning to the driver.

"Nice to meet'cha, and thanks for giving me a lift."

"No problem," said Curtis. "Anything for a pretty face."

I could feel my cheeks flushing, and I overlooked the compliment. "So where's the nearest city?"

"Oh, not for a few miles yet," answered Curtis. "We got time to get acquainted."

Something about that last sentence gave me goose bumps, but I ignored it.

"Hey, you wanna listen to some music?" asked Todd. Even before I answered, he reached past me, his arm brushing mine, and flicked on the radio. Country. I should've known. We drove for a little while in silence, listening to a variety of twangy, acoustic ballads about two-timing men and faithless women and dying dogs, and I watched the road. Curtis had a can of Budweiser between his legs, and he'd sip from it every now and then. It made me a little nervous, but he didn't start swerving or anything, so I figured he wasn't drunk. Todd sang along to the radio under his breath. He had kind of a nice voice.

"Wanna make a pit stop?" It was Curtis, and already he'd turned off at an exit, and the headlights pierced a deeper darkness ahead. There were trees on either side of the road, hemming us in, so it seemed like we were going down a long tunnel.

"I gotta take a piss," Todd informed us. I figured we'd be pulling into a gas station, but there were no lights or signs of civilization anywhere. I began to get worried.

"Do you know where we are?" I hazarded.

"'Course I do," Curtis answered. "The middle of nowhere."

He and Todd both laughed, but I didn't think it was very funny. The woods around us were so dark. I tried to remember the last time I'd seen an oncoming car.

"Curt, I gotta piss," Todd complained again, and suddenly Curtis pulled off to the side of the road.

"Go piss in the damn woods," he said. "Me and Jo'll wait for you."

So Todd hopped out of the cab and slammed the door behind him, and I was left alone with Curtis.

"You wanna stretch your legs a bit?" he asked after a minute or two. I figured anything would be better than sitting in that uncomfortable silence with him, so I nodded. He opened the driver's side door and hopped out, then helped me step down, and I thought it was oddly gentleman-like.

We walked around to the back of the truck. The moon was out, and there were crickets singing in the trees. Curtis put the end of the truck down, and invited me to have a seat.

"So, you got a boyfriend, Jo?" he asked once I was settled. I felt that ache in my throat as I shook my head.

"Not anymore."

"Why not? Cute little thing like you ought to have guys after her all the time."

I snorted. "Yeah, right."

"You don't think I'm serious?" he asked, leaning closer to me -- close enough that I could see the glimmer of his eyes in the darkness. "I think you're real cute. You mind if I kiss you, Jo...?"

Before I could protest, he already had. His mouth was soft and his breath tasted like alcohol, and I could feel my stomach fluttering with nervousness.

"Mmm, I like that," he whispered, kissing me again. This time he put his hands on my thighs -- they were so warm against my bare skin -- and moved my legs apart so he could situate himself between them. I could feel the denim of his jeans against my skin, and the sensation made my insides flutter more.

"You kiss real good," he whispered after the second one. "I bet you can do other things real good, too."

"Wh--what do you mean?" I stammered.

"C'mon, baby. You're out here hitchhiking all alone -- you gotta know that the ride ain't free."

My breath caught in my throat. I tried to swallow, and at the same time, my body flushed with heat, and I realized I was more aroused than I'd ever been in my life. My mind made one last-ditch attempt to reason its way out of this.

"Can't you just let me off here, then?"

"Uh uh," Curtis answered. "Too late for that."

"Th--then what do you want me to do?"

"Unbutton your shirt."

My fingers complied as my mind screamed at me to get away from him -- to run away and keep running. But I didn't. I sat where I was, with him standing between my legs, his hands on my thighs and his breath warm on my face as I unbuttoned my shirt.

"Now take it off," he instructed. "Then your bra."

Nervously, I slid my arms free and tossed my shirt behind me into the back of the truck. He just watched as I reached behind to undo the clasp of my bra. It came free, and my breasts felt the first brush of a cool breeze as I tossed my bra behind me as well.

"Nice," he said approvingly, then he bent his head to kiss first one breast, then the other.

My nipples were hard. He closed his teeth over one and suckled, and I gasped.

"You like that?" he asked, lifting his head. I could only nod. But that was enough for him -- he ducked his head and began kissing my breasts again, sucking each of them until my nipples were as hard as little pebbles and slick with his saliva.

"Unzip my jeans," he told me. I felt drugged, dazed. I was turned on, as much by my own shamelessness as by what he was doing to me. I did what he said. My hands shook as I reached down for the fly of his jeans, and I had to fumble for the zipper before I could catch it and ease it downwards. He lifted his head away from my breasts and told me to climb into the back of the truck. I didn't think about it, I just obeyed him. My nipples were erect and tingling in the cool night air, and all I could think about was how much I wanted his mouth on them again -- how much I wanted *him*. This stranger I barely knew.

He hopped up onto the back of the truck too, and moved in front of me, kneeling down with his jeans still unzipped and his hard-on straining against his jockey shorts.

"Get on all fours," he told me as he started easing his jeans and shorts down around his hips. I was entranced. I watched in fascination as his cock finally sprang free of its confinement, and when he told me to start sucking it, I trembled and felt the heat rush between my legs. I'd only given a blow-job once, and I wasn't too experienced, but I was so turned on it didn't matter.

I leaned forward and gingerly touched my tongue to its tip, then slowly encircled it with my lips and he let out an appreciative groan.

"Hey man, you gonna share?"

The voice came from behind me and I jumped, whipping my head around to glance over my shoulder. It was Todd, back at last from his piss (what the hell did he have in his pants, that it would take him that long?), and he had his cowboy hat tilted back on his head as he watched us. He was smirking.

"I dunno if she can handle both of us," Curtis joked. "Let's get 'er warmed up and find out."

But I was already warm. Warm and wet, and I looked coyly up at Curtis before sticking my tongue out to lick the end of his cock again. He groaned and thrust his hips forward, murmuring huskily, "Suck it." So I did.

While I started going to work on him, Todd climbed up behind me, and I felt his hands reach around my waist to unbutton my shorts. I wriggled a bit to help him as he slid them down over my hips, and I eased from one knee to the other as he worked them off my legs. Then I was just wearing my panties and sandals, and he started rubbing my crotch through the thin cotton cloth. I moaned and sucked harder on Curtis' cock, drawing him deeper into my mouth until my nose was buried in his pubic hair. I thought I'd gag, and I still couldn't fit it all in.

"Oh man, she's lovin' this," I heard Todd say as he slipped a finger beneath the crotch of my underwear and started stroking my cleft. I knew I was wet, and hot, and I wanted to feel something in me besides his finger. I wriggled and pushed back against him insistently, and his finger probed deeper. With his other hand, he began peeling my underwear down, and I sucked and squirmed and started making little whimpery sounds in the back of my throat.

"Yeah, I think she's warmed up all right," Curtis muttered. He was breathing heavily, and he buried his hands in my hair to scoop it out of the way while my head bobbed back and forth, my mouth still clamped to his shaft. Todd had my panties down around my thighs now, and I heard him unzip his pants. Oh God, I was so ready. All I could think about was having him inside me. I was on fire. I moaned around my mouthful, and then I felt him rub the head of his cock against me, teasing me with it, as if he knew exactly what I wanted but was deliberately making me wait.

I rocked backwards, pushing against him, and I felt the tip of his cock start to slide inside me. He pulled back and gave my bottom a little swat, chuckling.

"You gotta say what you want," he taunted.

"Hey, her mouth's a little busy," Curtis pointed out.

"I wanna hear her say it." His slap against my ass had turned into a caress. "C'mon," he cajoled. "Tell me what you want."

Curtis had tight hold of my hair and wouldn't let me stop, so I just mumbled something incoherent and pushed back against him again. But he eased away and this time he used his hands to tease me. He started stroking me again with his fingers and found the erect nub of my clit, and when he started lightly flicking his fingertip back and forth across it, I grew frenzied. I whimpered and moaned and writhed and sucked harder on Curtis' cock, my mouth full of saliva and the salty taste of him. His hold loosened on my hair enough that I could finally break free, and when I did it was only to plead breathlessly, "Fuck me, oh God, fuck me now."

That was all the urging he needed. He grabbed hold of my ass with one hand and eased himself inside with the other, and my moan of blissful pleasure became muffled as Curtis filled my mouth again.

From both ends, I was being fucked, and I loved it. I started rocking back and forth on my hands and knees, making small sounds of ecstasy deep in my throat and feeling my breasts sway with the rhythm. Curtis was holding my hair while Todd gripped my ass, and he started pumping into me harder until I could hear wet smacking sounds and feel his balls slam against my pussy. I felt like an animal -- like some wild, savage, primitive creature, just fucking and being fucked with no thought beyond the pleasure of it all. I could feel my excitement mounting with each thrust, could feel the way Curtis' cock started quivering in my mouth, and knew he was going to come the second before he did. His fingers tightened in my hair and he let out a gasping cry as he started pumping his hot come into my mouth, his body trembling with the force of it.

I swallowed some of it, but most of it dribbled out of my mouth in sticky trails down my chin as I gasped. Todd was still gripping my buttocks as he pounded into me, faster and harder, but not fast enough. I wanted more.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," I panted out, like a chant, a mantra -- both begging and commanding. "Faster, harder," I cried out brokenly, my head sunk low, my hair and breasts swinging, my hands scrabbling and squeaking against the floor of the truck. I could feel it, that hurtling rush toward ecstasy gaining by the second. I was beyond reason, beyond will, beyond anything but sensation. Harder, faster, yes, yes, yes now now NOW!

Oh god. I floated. There was that pure, perfect second of oblivion, like that moment of timelessness after you jump, before gravity takes control. That one sweet moment of freedom.

Sublime. Exhilarating. Eternal. Heaven.

And then it was gone. Reality came crashing back. Todd was gasping, clutching at me, giving a few last half-hearted thrusts while I felt the remains of his own ecstasy trickle down my legs. I was sweaty and naked and in the back of a truck with two guys I'd just met. I'd let them use me, but only because I'd used them in return. For that one perfect moment, it had been worth it. Regrets would come later.