 "Come on over and check the place out." Charlie Cattalano, C-Cat to his friends, leaned on the wall of his friend Missy's cubicle as he asked her to look at his new house. "You'll be safe, I have a friend from out of town visiting and she'll keep me at bay."

"I don't know," started Missy, "is this the famous Dragon Lady you've been talking about?"

"Kelly won't bite. Much. Come on, it'll be fun. The pool is awesome, you'll love it."

"I'm still not sure," Missy smiled and her nose crinkled in that way that made Charlie's blood boil, "What if I don't particularly want protection?" 

"She may just hold you down for me then." 

Missy gave Charlie a smile and a twitch of an eyebrow, but Charlie and Missy had been pals for years and he knew that meant she was just teasing him. She and C-Cat were buddies, going out to dinner and seeing a movie on occasion, but being comfortable in their relationship neither made an effort to take it a step further. 

In the end the promise of a swimming pool was the clincher for Missy, she loved the Carolina heat and a cool dip in a swimming pool with friends on a hot sunny day was what summer was all about for her. She arrived Saturday afternoon at the appointed time, beach bag in one hand, a bottle of wine in the other. C-Cat's house was an unassuming ranch house set well off the road and surrounded by many large shade trees and bushes. 

Charlie met her at the front door with a huge smile and a hug and welcomed her into the house and gave her a tour. The house was nice, three bedroom, one of which he converted into an office, and the décor was bachelor eclectic but not gaudy. His pride and joys of the house were the large spacious kitchen, the huge fire place in the living room and an immense fish tank where angel fish the size of saucers prowled. 

Missy made all the right comments about his house, and was surprised that he was able to pick curtains that work with his décor. "Now show me the pool!" she demanded in her deep Alabama drawl. 

"Go get your suit on," said Charlie pointing to the bathroom where she could change. "Git!"

"I'm a-gittin!" she giggled and scampered down the hallway to the bathroom. Soon she emerged and C-Cat gasped. Missy was probably one of the cutest women he had ever met, her deep brown eyes actually twinkled when she was being mischievous, her cute little nose wrinkled when she smiled, her dark rich hair was a thick black mane that reached her shoulders, but he had never seen her in any clothing that could be considered revealing. She chose to wear loose flowing clothes at work or on the occasions when they went out, and she was one of those women you never, ever catch dressed in grubby old clothes. So when she stepped out of the bathroom wearing a bikini, Charlie was quite shocked.

He drank in the sight of her full round breasts, tiny waist and slim hips. Except for her 34 D breasts and her 5'9" height Charlie realized everything about Missy was tiny, her mouth, her nose, her feet, even her belly button were tiny. "My my my," smiled Charlie while Missy twirled around for him. 

"You'll have to at least buy me dinner first," she said with a faux haughty air as she walked past Charlie and trailed her hand along his jaw line.

"I've bought you plenty of dinners," he said as he aimed a playful swat at her small tush, but she darted out of the way and dashed for the glass doors that lead out to the deck.

Outside Missy stopped to drink in the sight of the back yard, it was surrounded by a stockade fence which was overhung with vines and shaded by large beech trees. The pool was a large above ground oval with a walkway all around, the end nearest the house meeting up with the comfortable awning covered wooden deck. 

"Missy, I want you to meet Kelly Dragonette. Kelly, this is Missy McKenzie," said Charlie as he led Missy over to the lounge where Kelly lay. Charlie groaned when he saw Kelly in her tight one piece bathing suit. While Missy was tall and slim, Kelly was short and curvaceous. Her large breasts strained at the top of her bathing suit showing plenty of cleavage, her wasp waist flared out to round hips that he loved to hold while he ram fucked her into delirious orgasms. Unconsciously his cock began to tent out his bathing suit as Kelly stood and hugged Missy, their breasts pressing against each other.

"So you're Charlie's slave?" asked Missy brightly in that sing song voice that let Charlie know she was intentionally trying to embarrass him.

Before Kelly could answer Charlie jumped in. "No, I told you. She's my sub. There's a difference."

"Really?"

Kelly patted the lounge and Missy sat next to her. "In our case the difference is exclusivity. I live quite a ways away so Charlie is only my dom when I'm here or he's at my house. If I were his slave he could give me away to another master and I wouldn't have a choice in the matter." Kelly poured Missy a glass of sangria from the pitcher on the low table next to them.

At first Charlie was terrified of a cat fight breaking out. Missy sounded like an air head with her high pitched voice and deep Alabama accent, but she was truly an intellectual and had a constitution of steel. She had a habit of suckering people into thinking she was a dummy then dropping the hammer on them when they least expected it. Kelly on the other hand was fiercely proud of her open life style and choice to be a sub and would broach no criticism of her lifestyle from strangers. He was terrified that Missy's slave remark would lead to fireworks, but Kelly chose to forgo any retaliation and began to explain to Missy how exciting her life as a submissive truly was. Missy seemed to relax when Kelly began to explain the relationship between her and Charlie and her tone of voice changed when she started asking Kelly about their different adventures and laughed in her high birdlike giggle when Kelly told her about their public bondage scene at the renfaire. 

Finally Missy asked, "Is it good? Doesn't it make you feel like a piece of meat and less of a woman to be used by a man like that?"

Kelly smiled. "Oh no. Although he's binding me with rope, I'm binding him with trust. His honor won't allow him to do anything he promised not to do. Without that trust I suppose I really would be just a piece of meat and he would just be a rapist. However with that trust my desires are being serviced as well as his." She leaned closer to Missy, "And I've never felt more like a woman in my life."

"Good answer!" smiled Missy with an infectious grin. "God but your stories got me so hot!"

"Then let's go swimming," said Kelly. 

"I need some sunscreen first," said Missy and produced a bottle from her beach bag. Kelly nodded her agreement and produced a bottle of her own and the women began to slather the lotion on their bodies starting with their arms and legs. As they rubbed in the lotion they continued talking about life as a submissive.

While the girls talked Charlie slipped into the swimming pool to both cool off and hide his throbbing erection, but he remained near the edge of the deck to catch the conversation. Kelly was talking about how exciting it was to release control of her sexual responses to someone she could trust when she turned her back toward Missy and lowered the upper half of her swim suit to her waist giving Charlie an unobstructed view of her magnificent breasts. He saw that her nipples were crinkly and hard, evidence that her conversation with Missy was getting to her too. 

"Will you get my back Missy?"

"Sure." Missy began putting lotion on Kelly's back while Kelly closed her eye and smiled in pleasure. Missy saw Charlie watching and when she caught his eye she smiled and reached around and cupped Kelly's breasts. "Y'all gonna share these with me?" she asked him.

"I didn't realize you were into women," answered Charlie shocked at Missy's sudden display of boldness.

Missy released Kelly's breasts. "I don't know if I am, I never tried." She turned her back to Kelly, "Now do my back."

Kelly turned and without pulling her suit top back up she began putting sunscreen on Missy's back. With a deft hand she released Missy's bikini top and flipped it away revealing Missy's schoolgirl firm breasts. Kelly looked at Charlie with real longing in her eyes, anxious to grope Missy's tits as she had grasped hers. "May I master?"

"Only if Missy allows it."

Kelly leaned forward and whispered something in Missy's ear that Charlie couldn't hear over the pool filter and the music from the satellite radio. Missy turned her head and whispered to Kelly who beamed in pleasure as her hands slick with sun block began to gently message Missy's firm breasts. Charlie watched in growing excitement as Missy turned to Kelly and began massaging Kelly's large breasts while Kelly massaged hers. 

Finally satisfied that their breasts were well protected from the sun both women rose and walked bare breasted to the swimming pool. Charlie gazed at Missy's breasts, although large she had tiny areole and very small nipples. Kelly knelt down at the edge of the pool with a huge grin and said breathlessly "She wants to play too! She submitted to me!"

"Fine," said Charlie, "But I'm still your dom. I'm not going to order you to share, in fact I give you free reign to do what you want with her."

"Are you sure?" The evil glint in Kelly's eye should have tipped off C-Cat that something was up.

"Positive, now get naked and get in here."

Kelly shed the rest of her swimming suit and then ordered Missy to take her bikini bottom off. From his vantage point in the pool Charlie could compare both girls pussies. Kelly had large swollen lips, already tinted pink and gleaming with moisture in her excitement, her bush was trimmed to a heart shape. Missy's pussy lips were small and tight, although just as moist as Kelly's. She was shaved as bare and a young girl and a tiny heart was tattooed on her mound.

The girls slid into the water as Charlie doffed his swim suit and tossed it up on the deck. He took Kelly in his arms and kissed her deeply as she squirmed her lush wet body against his. He reveled in the feel of her large breasts pressing against his chest and the electric tingles of her wet flesh sliding across his nipples. His aching cock was pressed between their bodies and she wiggled her hips sliding her tummy across his pulsating pole. When they broke the kiss Kelly turned to Missy and kissed her just as passionately. Charlie saw Missy hitch for a second in panic, and then she relaxed and returned the kiss with enthusiasm. He drew up next to them and gently massaged their backs as they became lost in their passions. As their lips parted their tongues still tangled and the sight made Charlie's cock twitch in excitement. Then Missy turned to Charlie and they kissed passionately as Kelly massaged their asses. Charlie put an arm around Kelly drawing her into the embrace. The three lovers passionately kissed and rubbed together until Missy pulled back in a fake swoon and began to float on her back in the cool refreshing water.

"I think I'm getting' some tonight!" she drawled.

"You ain't gonna have to wait that long!" cried Kelly imitating Missy's accent diving after her as Missy began to back stroke away.

Charlie was mesmerized by the sight of the two beautiful naked women splashing and wrestling, laughing and shrieking in excitement as they played in the crystal clear water. They stroked and gently grabbed each other, each trying to get the other in a submission hold, but their bodies were so wet they were able to slide out of each others holds. The wrestling duo slowly made their way back up the length of the pool getting closer and closer to Charlie. After Missy slipped out of Kelly's arms yet again Kelly gave Charlie a look of frustration, but Charlie wanted to try something. He came up behind Missy and snatched her up off her feet. When she turned in his arms to face him he took her firm breast into his mouth and began suckling.

"Oh God, that's not fair!" she groaned as she held his head tight to her breast. 

Kelly came up and began working on Missy's other breast and between the two of them they began to drive Missy out of her mind. The sounds of the lovers slurping and sucking on Missy's tits filled the air, but when Charlie gently captured her small nipple gently between his teeth and began flicking it with his tongue while Kelly slipped a finger in Missy's tight pussy Missy began to gasp. She pushed their heads away, her eyes were practically spinning with her pent up desire. 

"Too much!" she gasped breathlessly, "I need... I need..."

Charlie nodded then lifted her up on the deck and pushed her back so that she lay on the deck with her legs dangling in the water. He lifted her legs over his shoulders and slowly lowered his head to her pussy. Meanwhile Kelly hopped out of the pool and lay next to Missy and began kissing her neck and stroking her tummy. She watched as Charlie began planting little kisses on Missy's inner thighs and knew what he was up to, he was getting ready to submit Missy to the most delightful torture she'd ever endure.

He started kissing Missy's smooth sensitive inner thighs, following each kiss with a little lick, each kiss coming closer and closer to her pussy until he was nearly there, then he switched to her other leg and repeated the process. Each time he did that Missy groaned in disappointment. She was actually trembling her need to come was so bad. Over and over he kissed and licked his way up her thighs getting nearer and nearer to her center of passion only to stop and start over again on the other leg. She was beginning to weep in frustration and sheer rut as he stoked her passions then purposely avoided her pussy. On and on he went slowly driving her out of her mind. Meanwhile Kelly kissed her deeply causing the fires in her cunt to burst into a raging inferno of desire. 

Finally Charlie stopped teasing her. He began to explore her little pussy with his tongue, gently flickering the tip of his tongue over the lips and darting in between to survey her depths just a little bit. Missy groaned and made little whimpering noises into Kelly's mouth as she tried to push her pussy tighter into Charlie's face. But Charlie was taking her at the pace he wanted to set, not her. His licks slowly grew more intense and he reveled in the smell and taste of her copious moisture as his teasing caused her to lubricate more furiously. 

Realizing that Charlie had stopped teasing and was getting down to business, Kelly began to get down to business too. She gently gnawed and suckled on one of Missy's breasts while she gently rolled the tiny nipple of her other breast between her finger and thumb. Kelly would also reach up to lick and suck on Missy's neck just behind the ear while she pinched her nipples which made Missy gasp at the sudden shock of erotic energy.

Now Charlie was intent on making Missy cum, his tongue began spearing her wet pussy and circling his tongue around until her slim hips began wiggling. Then he zeroed in on her clit. Like every other part of her body other than height and breast size, it was tiny. With the thumb and index finger of one hand he spread her pudgy pussy lips open then began flicking her tiny clit with the tip of his tongue while he eased a finger into her tight moist depths.

"Oh God! Yes! Yes! Don't stop!" Missy began to groan over and over. Her hand clutched Charlie's head and held his mouth tightly to her pussy. With his mouth tight against her clit he began sucking on it as he continued to strum the throbbing bud with his tongue. Meanwhile he slipped two fingers into the tightest pussy he had felt in years. He slowly stroked his fingers in and out of her sodden cunt while continuously assaulting her clit, slowly gaining speed as her breath came in gasps and her body shook with the erotic lightning he and Kelly were creating inside her. His finger fucking picked up the pace and his tongue kept time with his fingers as he drove her closer and closer to her climax.

Finally it crashed over Missy; the orgasm he had been denied for what seemed like forever. She planted her tiny feet on Charlie's back and her hips raised up off the deck as her eyes shot open and she cried out soundlessly. Suddenly her body went limp and her ass slapped back to the deck as the waves of sweet release crashed over her causing her body to spasm and her mind to go blank. Someone was screaming in sweet ecstasy and Missy was so far lost in the tidal wave of rapture to realize those sounds were coming from her.

Slowly reality began to reassemble itself around her and she realized that Charlie and Kelly had stopped manipulating her body and that they were kneeling over her, Kelly was kissing and licking Charlie's face. Missy blushed then felt another surge of erotic passion flow through her when she realized that Kelly was licking her juices from Charlie's tightly trimmed beard.

"That was perfect," sighed Missy and she stretched bonelessly on the deck. Charlie and Kelly stopped their kissing and looked down to a smiling Missy who hugged herself as the afterglow of the powerful orgasm still radiated in her core. "I want to make love to a woman but I was scared."

"I know what you mean, it was like that for me at first too," said Kelly as her hand wrapped around Charlie's throbbing cock. It was so thick she couldn't get her finger tips to meet. She slowly stroked him as he hefted her large breast and pinched a nipple making her suck her breath in. 

"But when I was able to touch Charlie's head and felt his short hair I knew it was a guy eating me," said Missy, "but I could feel your boobs pressing against mine and it felt so good too. I don't think I'm afraid to make love to a woman now."

The three rose and dried each other off. Missy's legs felt wobbly and weak from her incredible orgasm, both Kelly and Charlie still trembling in desire. As they entered the cool living room Kelly realized how her revenge on C-Cat for the public bondage scene was going to play out. She gestured for Charlie to sit in his recliner then she knelt between his legs and gestured for Missy to kneel next to her. 

Kelly slowly traced her tongue up the length of Charlie's cock and swirled around in the large drop of precome that was forming at the slit. While she licked and kissed the head of his cock, Missy tongued his balls and gently sucked them into her mouth.

"Master," said Kelly looking up from his cock. "I would like to make love to Missy, I want her first time with a woman to be special."

Charlie nodded his head. "What do you have in mind?"

"Will you promise to stay here in this chair while I make love to her and teach her to make love to me?"

Charlie's cock twitched and not just from Missy's expert tonguing of his shaft. "I promise," he said.

"And will you promise to save your cum for us? You can cum on us or in us or where ever you want after."

"I promise." Charlie smiled inwardly anticipating the show he was expecting to see.

"Oh thank you master!" she sighed and stood up tugging Missy up with her. The two lusty women stood in the middle of the living room and held each other tight while their lips drew close. "Are you sure you want to do this?" Kelly whispered into Missy's mouth.

"I want to try... I'm so nervous," said Missy, her passions starting to build again. The feeling of Kelly's full breasts pressing against hers and Kelly's soft pubic hair rubbing against her bare mound were fast heating up her passions again. "If it doesn't work can we stop?"

"Since this is your first time, ok, sure." Their lips touched gently then Kelly gently licked Missy's lips. "Next time however, you're all mine."

Kelly's words shot straight to Missy's clit, the thought of being possessed by a woman, to be forced to make her come, to have orgasms forced upon her was overwhelming and Missy's head felt light as their lips came together and their tongues intertwined. They were so lost in each other they didn't hear the soft moan from Charlie as they fondled and kissed each other not 4 feet away from him. They also didn't hear him groan in shock and disappointment as they walked hand in hand into the master bedroom.
