 Max opened his eyes and blinked as the glass atrium ceiling came back into focus. He couldn't tell how long he'd been lost in the guided meditation Mikela led the group through, but he was now aware of the gentle grip of Grace's hand on his right hand. The quick earlier encounter with Carla upstairs felt like a lifetime ago. This session was fully clothed and mercifully, under the cool air of the A/C as opposed to the sweat session he'd endured the previous weekend. In his left hand, he could feel the narrow gap between each of Carla's precise digits as she maintained her grasp on his meaty palm. 

"Take your time," Mikela urged as the group started to come back to their senses and rose from the floor. "I don't want anyone getting up too quickly and keeling over on us."

"You hear that, Tom?" Pete said to a few chuckles. The fifty-something year old man had arrived earlier just before the group reconvened in the atrium for a guided meditation session. Carla left her hand in his grip as she rose.

"Come on," she urged him, pulling slightly with her right hand as he slowly rose from the floor to full posture. To his right, Ken and C.J. were helping Grace roll up off the floor. 

Carla led Max out of the sun filled room as the rest of the circle broke apart silently. Max tried to keep himself in this moment, to feel the weight of his hand in Carla's hand; to let his ears observe the change in pressure as he followed Carla down the short narrow hallway that opened into the rest of the house. Sunlight around and underneath the large shades that had descended, on schedule, down the large glass windows on the back wall of the living room. Long shadows stretched across the furniture next to the window and splashed onto the floor's wooden planks. 

They passed the door that led to the pool deck and Carla led him to the dark brown leather sofa positioned against the glass wall. She turned to Max and gestured for him to sit on the first cushion of the sofa. He maintained hold of her hand until he was seated but then felt her grip loosen in his palm as she pulled her hand from his. Carla turned to her left as she slid onto his lap, her legs draped over his thighs and her right shoulder descended into the knook between his left shoulder and chest. 

Carla stretched her arms around Max's neck, bringing her left left index and thumb up to the back of his neck and her right palm rested on the back of his head. She started to squeeze and knead at the back of his neck as she lowered her chin onto his left shoulder. Max closed his eyes and felt the pinch and pull of her fingers against the tendons in his neck. He felt his posture soften and his shoulders slump as Carla's fingers melted away the residual anxiety even after the long meditation session. He could feel his chest pressing up against Carla's right breast as it expanded with air and felt his belly soften and relax to accommodate the weight of Carla's right side.

Max could smell a hint of cranberry juice on Carla's breath as it drifted across his face. He could hear soft footsteps approaching from his right as the guests filed out of the atrium and stepped back into the mundane world of the living room.

"Nice," he heard a female voice utter as she passed the lovers entwined on the sofa and then the steps slowly started to climb the back stairs. As Max listened to his surroundings, more footsteps approached from the side hallway until they grew into a quiet stampede. Some walked past the sofa with purpose while others hesitated as they passed. The door to the bathroom opened and shut. To his left, Max heard the sound of a glass filling with water from the kitchen. The whole house was coming to life as Max rested outside of it all with Carla. He wondered how long the rest of the group would continue with their routines while he rested there. Would they just carry-on through the rest of the day if he and Carla decided not to unravel themselves and just remain in this moment?

Max never got his answer. After several minutes sitting pressed up against Carla, feeling her fingers melt into his tendons and spine, he heard footsteps approaching from his left. The steps were on a collision course with the sofa and he could hear the their owner's breath change as they bent over just to the right of his knees and the sound of two glasses clanged down onto the glass table next to the sofa's arm.

Max opened his eyes and looked up to find Sharon looking down at him. A subtle smile formed on her lips and she cocked her head to the side giving him a silent, "Aw" at the precious site of the young lovers curled into each other.

"Sorry," she whispered, apologizing for intruding on their moment.

"It's ok. Thank you for the water," Max quietly responded. Kirsten released her fingers from Max's neck and slowly raised her head from his shoulder. He turned his head to look at her face and watched her stretch open her sleepy eyes.

"Thank you," she intoned as she accepted one of the water glasses from Max. Carla took a sip and passed it back. She flexed her torso as she bent backward and allowed herself to fall onto the couch next to Max.

"What's next?" she asked as she let her eyelids fall shut.

"Next we're going...somewhere," Sharon informed them. Max heard someone walking out onto the catwalk. It was Tera and she was carrying a large army duffel bag over her shoulder. She descended the back stairs, her eyes watching her steps as her upper torso slumped slightly to accommodate the weight of the bag. When Tera reached the front of the sofa, she slung the bag off her shoulder and onto the floor and sat on the open cushion next to Carla's head.

"Who's 'Jackson'?" Carla asked, reading the name on the army issued bag.

"That's me. That's my last name," Tera explained, a proud grin stretching across her face.

"Oh. I'm impressed. When were you in the service?" Max asked.

"I joined right after high school, so it was years ago. Feels like another lifetime. But I'm out now. When I was done, I was so done. But they paid for school and I made some good friends. And one of those friends led me to this friend," Tera explained as she raised her gaze to watch C.J. walking down the steps.

"Uh-oh," C.J. teased Tera as she glanced at her duffle bag. "When Tera's bag of tricks comes out, you'd better be ready for anything," he explained to Carla and Max. Carla shot up and rotated her feet to the floor and her focus to Tera.

"What's in it?" Carla whispered loudly to Tera, begging to be let in on the secret.

"That's for me to know and you to find out," she said with a laugh as she tickled Carla on the sides of her belly.

"No, that's not fair. I'm sure somebody knows." Carla retorted.

"If I did know, I am not at liberty to say," C.J. said as he eased his way down onto Tera's lap.

Their playful conversation was interrupted as the basement door swung opened. Max looked down the hallway under the catwalk and watched Tom carefully step through the doorway. In his arms, he carried a pile of large blankets stacked just higher than his salt-and-pepper head. Max sprang into action, quickly making his way across the room and to Tom, where he placed one hand on top of the pile and the other hand underneath to help Tom steady his load.

"You're the man," Tom told Max as he paused for a moment to catch his breath. Max rotated so that he could walk backward as they carried the blankets into the living room. They set the pile down on top of one of the shadows on the wood floor and waited to see who would emerge next. Sharon was bringing an armful of water bottles in from the kitchen. 

She handed one to C.J. and Tera and two to Carla, "Save one for your hard working boyfriend," she said. Sharon held on to an extra bottle that Max assumed was intended for Tom. Ken and Grace were not far behind Sharon, carrying more water bottles for the group and soon he heard footsteps entering the catwalk from both sides.

"We're coming," Erica called over the railing of the catwalk and soon the group was whole again.

"Max, why don't you help Tera with her bag and the rest of us will split the blankets," Sharon suggested.

The group set off, climbing the steps to the pool deck. Max threw duffle bag strap over his left shoulder and slung his right arm around Carla's neck and pulled her head close to plant a quick kiss on her head. Ahead of the couple, Peter walked next to Sharon, carrying a blanket under his left arm while Sharon shot the occasional teasing punch into his ribs. 

Max couldn't help but observe the difference in the builds between Sharon and Erica, who walked on the other side of the threesome. Erica's short dirty blonde hair drifted a little in the breeze while Sharon's long dark mane swept side-to- side at the mercy of the wind. Erica's yellow sports bra criss-crossed her back and left her thin frame uncovered on her sides which extended straight down into her running shorts. The shorts just covered her compact apple-bottom which bobbed ever so slightly as she navigated down the steps behind the pool. Sharon wore a sleeveless athletic purple top that covered the curves Max knew hid just above her waist. Her arms were much thicker and muscular in her triceps than the skin and bones that extended from the shoulders of Erica's bra. Max tried his best to abstain from imaging the lush curves covered by Sharon's tennis skirt which rustled in the breeze, teasing its followers that it might present them with a view.

The group passed through the tall grasses on the path that led away from the back lawn. Eventually, they arrived at a large clearing Max noticed on his earlier walk with the other men. A lonely oak tree watched over the clearing from the left side, its branches started around eight feet up but provided only a small patch of shade given the time of day. As they approached the tree, Peter pulled the blanket from under his arm and shook it outward, signalling they'd arrived at their destination. Sharon and Erica grabbed opposite corners of the large blanket and Carla moved away from Max to help. 

Once the blankets had been stretched out on the ground to provide places to sit, Max handed off the duffle bag to Tera who pulled int into the small circle of shade on the blanket positioned under the tree. She kept most of the contents of the bag hidden as she pulled out the first pieces. She handed a small box covered in wrapping paper with a square hole in the top to Sharon. Returning to the bag, Tera pulled a smaller brown messenger bag out and pulled the flap open and set it down on the blanket.

"I think we all made it," Sharon said as she turned to the rest of the group standing as they awaited instructions. "Why don't you all sit down on the blankets over there," she said pointing to the two large blankets away from the blanket under the tree. "We'll make this blanket our little stage," she said indicating the blanket she and Tera were standing on. "And I'll turn things over to Tera," Sharon said as she moved to sit with the rest of the group on the audience blankets.

"Thanks, Sharon," Tera said, enthusiasm dripping from her voice. "In this box, we have written a few fantasies provided by a few different people here. Can I get Carla to come up and help me pick one out?"

"Sure," Carla replied as she stepped forward to stand on the other side of the box, facing her audience. Max stared at the folded waistband on her shorts which gave her legs a little more exposure before letting his eyes drift to Tera's muscular abs and her mocha skin tones. She wore a deep red bikini top tied behind her neck with little fabric triangles that covered her nipples and let her her breasts fall just to the side of the center line of her breast bone. An athletic mini skirt hung off the curves of her hips and fell gently over her muscular thighs.

"If you would, just reach your hand in the opening here and grab a piece of paper and then hand it to me," Tera requested. When Carla handed her the paper, Tera unfolded it, laughed and flashed her big grin again as she read.

"Tie Peter to a tree," Tera said.

"Woohoo!" Erica called out as she leapt to her feet. Peter laughed as his wife grabbed his arm and dragged him to his feet.

"And who would you like to help you during this exercise?" Tera asked.

"Why don't you stay up there for a minute, Carla, and I think you're going to need some 

help from Mikela. Is it ok if I borrow Ken?" Erica asked.

"Get up there, hubs," Grace said as she pushed him to his feet.

Tera opened up the bag further and pulled a long rope from inside. She tossed the rope to Mikela. Sharon had already grabbed Peter and was pushing him up against the tree.

"Take this and follow me," Mikela told Carla. Carla bounce as she followed Mikela. Sharon's hand pressed into the center of Peter's chest. Mikela grabbed one end of the rope and handed the other to Carla. They giggled as they pulled the rope around Peter's waist and then ran around the tree, crossing paths at the back, and then made another pass around the front. By the time they reached the back again, the rope made an "X" across Peter's tshirt and they were tying it off in the back. Mikela walked around to the front again to pull on the crossed ropes to make sure they were tight enough. Several feet away, on the other side of the blanket, Erica was flirting with Ken.

"We haven't played together in so long, I thought I was getting too old for you, Ken doll."

"Never, never think that," Ken assured her. She was pulling at his grey t-shirt and she playfully slipped her hands into the front pockets of his gym shorts.

"You have a little kiss for me?" She asked. "Just a little something to make the husband jealous." The audience responded to her role-play with a few low "Ooos".

"Look at her," they heard Tera saying to Peter, while Mikela and Carla stood off to the side, eager to step into whatever role they were called for. "She's totally flirting with Ken. How cruel." Erica turned back to her husband, smile plastered on her face, then turned back up to Ken. She stood up on her tiptoes and leaned in plant a wet passionate kiss on Ken's lips as he leaned down to meet her .

"Oh, and now she's kissing him. Tsk tsk," Tera said, teasing Peter in a pouty tone. Ken reached his large athletic hands to the back of Erica's head and embraced the moment. Max could hear their lips smacking against each other as the intensity of their make-out session increased. Erica removed her hands from Ken's pockets and slid her arms around his back. The couple drew whistles and cat calls from the audience.

"I don't think this is going to stop any time soon," Tera told Peter.

Erica pulled her arms back from Ken's back and turned around to playfully grind her butt against Ken's groin. She smiled widely at Peter and flicked her eyebrows upward as she bent forward and put her hands on her knees and pressed deeper into the crotch of Ken's shorts. He put his hands on his head and made a face before dropping his hands to the back of Erica's hips.

"I wonder if he's getting hard under those thin shorts," Tera said, emphasizing small bit of material separating Peter's wife's taint from Ken's manhood. With that comment, Erica straightened up and turned back around to Ken. She went back to kissing him on the lips and teasing him along his waist with her hands. Then, she reached down to his shorts and slowly pulled them down from his waist. Max could feel his heart rate speed up as she slowly reached her hand into Ken's tight blue briefs and rotated it back and forth. Max could see the outline of her hand against Ken's thick penis and she slid her hand up and down the thickening shape as her hand slid it in and out of the crowd's view.

"I don't like the look of this at all," Tera said, continuing to tease Peter. "Is she playing with his cock? I think she's playing with his cock."

Erica was indeed playing below the belt and Ken's penis was certainly starting to respond. As Erica continued to tease it, Ken's penis started poking its way upward, pulling the briefs.

"There's the most beautiful penis in the land," Max heard Grace say from his right as Erica slipped the Ken's waistband down and his ebony colored penis popped into view.

Turning his attention back to the performance in front of him, Max noticed Mikela was now standing behind Carla, her arms draped over Carla's shoulders. Both women seemed to be enjoying the performance as they were beaming from ear to ear.

Erica stopped teasing Ken's penis for a moment, just long enough to slip off her own shorts and then dropped them to the ground. She was wearing a black thong that cut through the middle of her tight butt cheeks. As she returned her hands to Ken's briefs, she inched the down a little farther, letting out the full length of the shaft and the foreskin covered head. From this side, they could see how the briefs hugged his buttocks and highlighted his muscular legs.

"That is a beautiful cock," Sharon said agreeing with Grace's earlier comment.

"Wait a minute, is this turning you on?" Tera asked, aggressively teasing Peter. She walked over to the bound man and stripped his shorts to his ankles, revealing the stiff pole underneath. "You're totally hard right now, you naughty boy. Do you want to see your wife get fucked? Is that what this is?" Peter's pulsing erection said enough.

"Maybe you should try to join them. Go ahead." Peter struggled futility at the ropes before giving up. "That's what I thought. You're mine now and you're going to have to stand there and watch while your wife gets off. In fact, I'm going to make you earn the pleasure of watching," Tera told him as she bent forward and reached into her bag once more. She pulled out a switch and smacked it against her hand with a crack.

"You're such a naughty boy, Peter," Tera smacked him on his chest with the crop and it "thwack" as it made contact with his shirt. "You don't get to hide behind that shirt. Ladies, get it off him." Mikela released her hold on Carla and then led her to stand in front of Peter. Mikela reached out with both hands, pulling down on Peter's shirt with all of her might. Max heard the cotton shirt ripping and then it tore at the seams just below the neckline. As the shirt came apart, Carla reached in and helped finish the job. Soon, Peter's dad bod upper torso was vulnerable to the elements as at that was left was the collar around his neck and a pieces of the sleeves.

"That's better," Tera cooed and she struck him just above his belly button. Peter grimaced from the blow, and his mammoth erection lowered to point downward.

Across the blanket, things were heating up with Erica and Ken. Max could hear the "glug glug glug" of Erica's mouth and throat as she repeatedly swallowed as much of Ken's dark stiff organ as she could. When she'd throated all she could stand, Erica pulled her mouth back off of Ken's penis and a sticky trail of spit followed her. She gathered the sticky saliva with her hand and rubbed it up and down his thick shaft as she stood up. She had a firm grip on his shaft and his foreskin covered and then uncovered his bulbous penis head with each stroke. Erica looked over at Peter and watched as Tera tapped him lightly on his left thigh with the switch.

"Don't hold back. I'm sure he deserves it," Erica joked as she continued to run her grip up and down Ken's penis. Tera gave Erica what she wanted and smacked Peter firmly on his upper quad. The man reeled again and Max was sure he was going to break but it seemed to only please him more as his big veiny penis throbbed.

Erica read her husband's desire and reached down to strip off her thong. Her pubic area was waxed completely so there was nothing hiding the tight lips of her outer labia or the flap of her pink inner labia that poked out between them. She spit in her hand for lubrication and then slipped it down between her legs and started rubbing it inside her slit while she continued to stroke Ken.
