 He kisses you softly and you fall asleep as he gently strokes your cheek... 

{The ride continues and the first big bumps and twists are encountered}

Hunter wakes with a start. He didn't mean to fall asleep. It had been a long week and today's ride had been wild. The lady who still sleeps next to him is hot and it required all of his skills to give her a proper adventure. But now Hunter is in a foul mood. His little nap has cost him precious time and your ride is far from over. It is not you he is angry at, but it will be you that feel his wrath. He slaps you ass hard, and says nastily, "Wake up slut!" 

The sudden assault in your sleep startles more then hurts. You jump and cry out, "What the ff..." 

Before you can finish, Hunter smacks your ass hard again, "No comment was requested, bitch! Keep your mouth shut unless I want to put something in it!" 

You tremble, unable to understand how this man who brought you to the heights of passion as so quickly transformed. Your mind races and you realize you are on a rougher part of the ride now. Fear begins to give way to excited anticipation. Hunter stands and says, "don't move, I will be right back. I need to piss!" 

He steps through another door you hadn't noticed. Since he does not close the door, you can hear his heavy stream splash into the toilet. Clearly there will be no civility during this part of the ride. Hearing Hunter pee has made you realize your own bladder is full. You dare not more though. Master Hunter has made that clear. When he returns you request permission, which denies gruffly, "No, you can hold it, Bitch!" With that he reaches down and begins roughly massaging your clit. 

To your surprise, you become immediately aroused. The pain of holding your water combined with Hunter squeezing your now erect clit causes your mind to spin. You are somewhere between ecstasy and agony. Fearing you will wet yourself and knowing that will surely bring unspeakable punishment, you begin to cry and plead for Hunter to allow you to relieve your full bladder. Without a word, he grabs your wrist and roughly pulls you toward the small room where he had relieved himself. He shoves you on the toilet and sticks his semi-erect cock in your face. 

"Go on Bitch! Suck my cock while you are just sitting around! I haven't got all fucking day!" he says in the harshest tone he has yet used. 

You hesitate and Hunter slaps your face. Not wanting to feel his hand a second time you begin sucking his cock. Although your bladder is aching, you can not release your water. Hunter pulls your head back with your hair and puts his face next to yours. 

"What is wrong, slut? I thought you had to piss," he says softly with a wicked grin, "were you lying to me?" 

To your relief a strong flow starts and Hunter shoves his now fully erect cock in your mouth. Hunter fucks your mouth while you empty your bladder. When you finish peeing, Hunter hands you the toilet paper and tells you to clean up and meet him in the other room. He leaves you alone and you take your time cleaning, hoping that you can get clean enough so that Hunter will not have an excuse to punish you if he decides to lick you down there later. When you return to the room you see Hunter sitting in the chair in the corner. Your eyes are drawn in the direction he is looking. On the bed are three naked men, stroking their hard cocks. 

Hunter says, "these men are here to make you into the true slut you can be. You will service them all as they please." 

You shudder realizing you are about to be thoroughly violated. Even though you know there is no escape you back into the small toilet room. Hunter stands and walks over to you. "When I give you to my friends, you are to take care of them. You need to learn a lesson you fucking cock sucking bitch!" he yells at you as he pulls you out of the toilet by your hair. 

When he gets you to the chair he bends you over it and begins slapping your ass and the backs of your legs. You ass stinging and red, Hunter pulls you up and turns you around. He takes your tits in his hands and squeezes. "Are you ready to behave, slut?" he asks as the pressure increases. 

You whimper that you will do anything he says. He pushes you toward the bed and says, "No, you will do anything they say!" 

You stand next to the bed trembling. You can not imagine what horrors these three men are planning. After the beating Hunter has just given you, you dare not resist. You are sure he will be seriously cruel if you disobey again. 

To your surprise, two of the men jump up and one says sweetly, "Please lie down, pretty lady." 

You are confused but immediately lie down next to the remaining man. Another man crawls in next to you. The two men their hard cocks twitching now sandwich you on the bed. They begin to gently caress your body. Your feel the four hands slide over your naked body. You quickly become very aroused, your pussy juice leaking out and damping the bed under your ass. The third man is now at the foot of the bed caressing your feet and legs. Your tits are being massaged more gently then they ever have been before. Your clit is softly twirled and a single finger gently fucks your hot pussy. You wiggle on the bed and thrust your pelvis in rhythm with the finger fucking. You are surprised by a powerful orgasm. You cry out, "Oh fucking god, I am cummming!" 


One man slides off the bed and the other rolls you on your side toward him. The man standing's cock is close to your lips. He says, "Help yourself. Lick it if you like, I am sure you want a taste, sweet slut." 

The word slut is said so sweetly, it sounds like a love coo. You begin licking his bulbous cock head. He is freshly washed and tastes wonderful. His smooth skin feels so good as you wrap your lips around his shaft. You feel the man behind insert a finger into your pussy and his cock presses into you ass crease. You moan at the thought of getting it in the ass and the mouth at the same time. Soon the man behind you is using his pussy juice covered fingers to fuck your ass. While the third man massages your clit and tits. The man in front of you is now fucking your throat with his cock. He is amazingly gentle as he slowly fucks your face. You cum again without warning. Your mind fogs, what is happening to your body? 

The three men stop and pull you to your feet. The man whose cock was just impaling your throat says, "Now my dear you will know the joy of having all of your slutty fuck holes filled at once." 

Your body tingles at the thought, but your mind has doubts as the fear returns. You glance over and see Hunter. His large cock is erect and you know he will soon be requiring you to service him. "But how?" you ask.

"First you will slide you ass down onto Jim's cock. Then Steve will stand on the bed and put his cock in your mouth. Finally I will kneel on this stool and slide my cock into your pussy. As I fuck your hot cunt, I will hold Steve's hips and push him into your mouth in the same rhythm. The motion will cause you to bounce on Jim's lap and we will then all be fucking you with nearly the same stroke," the man nearest you explains. 

Your pussy again floods with juice upon hearing the description of the triple penetration planned for you. You are guided into position and sit on Jim's cock. His thick cock head enters your ass with a pop. You pause and Steve gives you a little soft push. Your ass envelops Jim's dick. You are now sitting in his lap, his cock fully inserted in your ass. Although it feels tight, there is only a mild twinge of pain. His fingers have already stretched you open. Steve then gets up on the bed and places his cock head on your puffy lips. You open you mouth and he slides his cock head into your wet mouth. 

"Ah, one more to go and the gang fuck is complete, you little slut, bitch," you hear Hunter growl. Looking over you see he has moved closer and is stroking his big hard throbbing cock and leering at you. "Come on stick you dick in her, George! I want my little whore fucked good and hard!" Hunter yells. 

The sweet man you now know is named George, moves toward you. He kneels on the stool and says, "Sir can you help me forward?" 

You realize that these men are also under Hunter's control and suddenly are fearful again. Hunter stands and pushes the stool, with George on it toward you. George aims his cock carefully and he enters you effortlessly. With that Hunter returns to his seat to watch. George begins to hump your already excited cunt and pushes Steve's hips. As George's cock slides in and out of your pussy, Steve's cock slides in and out of your mouth. As George told you, you are bouncing on Jim's throbbing dick. You enter a level of stimulation you have never before reached. You thrash on Jim's cock as the first of many powerful orgasm assaults your body. You begin to suck on Steve like a vacuum; you ache so to taste his cum. But it is Jim whose cock ejects its load first. You feel his cock convulse and the hot spurts of cum entering your rectum. With Jim's cock completely filling your rear chute the cum is squeezed out. You can feel the sticky goo pool between Jim and your ass. You have two more quick orgasms and are rewarded with a mouthful of Steve's sweet cum. He pumps glob after glob into your hungry mouth. Soon George fills your cunt with his load of thick hot cum, just as you too once again orgasm. The three men each kiss you, say thank you and leave. 


You are lying on the bed spent and Hunter says, "Get over here, slut! Damn what a fucking cum slut, whore bitch you are!" 

When you reach him he slaps you and says, "Suck my dick like you sucked that little sissy that just fucked your mouth." 

You fall to your knees and suck Hunters cock. You are determined to give him the best blowjob he has ever had. You decide you are succeeding as he just sits back and moans while you lick and suck his twitching cock. Just when you think he his about to cum, he pulls you up and snarls, "Sit on my cock, slut! I bet you are wide open and hot after all that fucking!" 

You sit down with your back to Hunter and his cock slides deep in your pussy. "Ahhhh, you cunt is so hot and juicy, lover," Hunter says softly. 

You begin humping his cock like a wild animal. You want to be impaled by this powerful man. "Oh god, Master Hunter, I love your cock!" you cry out. 

He wraps his arms around you and gently plays with your tits as you continue bouncing up and down on his meat. He whispers that you are perfect and are now his forever. You body quakes as his words send you over the edge. "Oh yes, baby. Cum on my cock," he moans as his own orgasm starts. 

You cum together. His cock shoots what feels like bucket loads of sticky goo into you. Your orgasm seems to go on and on without end. Finally, Hunter stands and carries you to bed. He leaves you there to sleep alone and dream of a room full of men taking turns fucking you in every imaginable place and combination.

The announcer's voice is once again playing somewhere deep in your head. "This the end of part two of your ride. We hoop you enjoyed the first set of loops. Though I cannot tell you where the ride is going next, I assure you it will be exciting and new twists are soon to come. Hunter has other matters to attend to now, so sleep; you will need your rest dear rider. Hunter will be back for you."