 Authors note: This is the continuing story of a Polyamorous husband and wife, very much in love with each other, rediscovering the joys of having sex with others after years of keeping to themselves. 

The husband is bisexual, and as such there are scenes that involve two men, so if that's not your cup of tea you should be open to having your boundaries expanded a bit or tap out now.

*****

Two weeks after Jack and Jill's incredible visit, I had not so much as seen Donnell at the gym, much less in our bedroom, and it was becoming apparent that we would not see him again.

We had just finished making love on a Friday morning before we left for work, a quick hard fuck in our shower that ended with Jill's finger in my ass and me cumming deep inside her pussy, then bringing her to orgasm with my mouth under the pounding water. She stood there like the Nordic princess she was, short blonde hair in her face, all 5'10" of her 155 pound body shuttering as I licked her bare pussy and squeezed her still perky at 42, C sized breasts through the waves of her pleasure. 

Afterwards, she scrubbed my back and asked, "There is a local swingers club I'd like us to try. They have a night once a month that caters to bi-men, so I thought it would be perfect for us."

"Really? I'd like that."

"It's out a ways, so you might want to take off work the next day so we can get a hotel."

The plans were made and as the Thanksgiving holiday came and went our excitement level began to rise. I was half convinced that no one would actually be there, but Marie was hopeful. 

The night was a complete bust. Four older men, not attractive at all, were the only other attendees. The guy who ran the club apologized for the turnout, and suggested we come back on Friday for the gangbang party. He swore it always had a good crowd, with good looking men and women, and still had some men who weren't shy to ask about playing with other men. 

We said we would consider it, then went off to play by ourselves in the main room. We were horny as shit and weren't going to miss the opportunity to fuck in a strange place. We fucked while being watched by the four men and got into giving them a bit of a show that finished with Marie blowing me and letting my cum splash her face as I orgasmed. 

We didn't make it to the gang bang party that Friday or the one after, and soon it was Christmas. We talked about the possibility of looking for someone online, but hadn't yet pulled the trigger. Then, as if Santa Claus himself had heard our Christmas wish and sent us a present, we got an email from the club we had gone to. The owner was checking back with us since he hadn't seen us after that first night and still felt bad. He had a very special New Years Eve party, with a limited and select number of guests. 

Normally, a couple had to be invited by another couple to attend, but he was willing to make an exception for us. Last years party had over 30 couples, almost all with bi women and several with bi men. 

We replied back immediately that we were in. 

We talked with Jack and Jill that night via Skype and had some great online sex. It had become a once a week thing with them after they had returned from India. It turned out they too had decided to go to a swingers club on New Years Eve in Montreal, and we promised to call the next day to exchange stories. 

Once again the nervous anticipation started to build up. We agreed that our only hard no for the night was to leave the club without the other person, but also had our safe word active if we needed something we or the other was doing to end immediately. Marie said she was looking to push her own boundaries, instead of having someone else push them for her. 

On New Years Eve, Marie had locked herself in the bedroom for almost two hours getting ready in the afternoon. She had gone out shopping several times that week and kept the bags hidden from me as she came in the house. 

"What do you think, is it too much?" She said to me. I turned around and saw my wife as I'd never seen her before. 

Six inch stiletto boots came up to her knees, making her legs look even longer than they were. Straps came out of the boots and attached somewhere under her skirt which was a short, and I mean short, black leather thing. She spun around and bent to the ground to show off her round ass and the red thong she was wearing under the skirt. 

On top, a harness of leather studded straps wrapped themselves around her breasts, exposing the nipples plainly and up to form a collar around her neck all visible trough a thin layer of black silk mesh that billowed around her pale white winter skin. 

She was wearing make-up, which was rare enough, with lipstick, eyeshadow and even some rouge. The result was the look of a seductress, someone who would eat men for breakfast. And it was finished with a blonde wig. Marie hated her hair, but the wig gave her the volume and fullness that she always dreamed about. 

She carried a small purse in one hand and a long metal leash in the other. "Would you mind putting this on me?" She cooed and exposed the hook on her leather collar. I obliged, and she went down to her knees before me, taking my cock out and beginning to suck, her tongue teasing around my head before she took me down her throat. I came in seconds, and she didn't miss a drop, but got to her feet and asked for her long black trench coat, which I handed her and she wrapped around her body. 

"I'm ready," she said with a devious grin. 

An hour later, just after 8pm, we pulled up to the ranch style house that the club was at. We saw that there were already more than 20 cars parked down the long driveway as well as a security guard who came up and asked for our name. We gave it and he showed us where to park. 

The moment we stepped inside we knew it was going to be a great night. A dozen couples milled around the parlor through the front door. On the pool table at its center, a young blonde was having her pussy fucked by a 12" dildo held by a smoking hot redhead who was having her pussy eaten by a tight and tiny brunette while several people watched. I looked over and saw Marie lick her lips as she removed her trench coat. 

We found a small locker down a hallway leading to several bedrooms where the sound of fucking could be heard. We made our way to the rear of the house where a large whirlpool tub that looked like it could accommodate a dozen or so people stood, but only had a couple of big beautiful women and their big husbands currently. 

Marie, I realized, was leading me back to the gangbang room, a separate building behind the main house that had three king beds lined up together along with posts to chain yourself to. Around the room were a series of glory hole stations, allowing an anonymous cock sucker to work on whoever placed their dick through the holes. 

No one was currently in the room. Marie turned around to me. "Nick, I want to be fucked by every man here tonight in my pussy, ass and mouth. I want them to come over me until I am drenched. Will you help me?"

I was astonished. I'd thought that Marie might want 3 or 4 guys at once, and perhaps that many women at once as well, but everybody? It was about as far from Polly as I could imagine. But it was her fantasy, and if she wanted it, then that's what I would help her do. Clearly she had been thinking about this for a while. 

"Of course," I whispered, " what do you need me to do?"

"I love you," she replied. And before I could say it, she put her finger up to my lips to shshhh me. "Tell me after. For now, go spread the word to the party."

She had me attach her leash and leave it tied up to one of the posts while she knelt patiently on the center bed. She had removed the skirt and the silk cover up, leaving her in just her boots, her thong and her studded leather harness. I walked out of the room and looked around. I had no idea how to do this. 

"You look lost," a female voice with a Texas drawl said from 15 feet away. A woman perhaps five or six years younger than me, long brown hair, short and petite with perky b cup breasts, perhaps Hispanic and Chinese, sat by a low fire. 

"A little," I admired, walking over to the young woman. 

"Don't recognize ya, first time here?"

"No, we came once before, last month, but it was dead. The owner felt bad and invited us to the New Years party."

"Us? Where's your betta half?"

"She's. She's, um. She's in there." I said, pointing to the room I'd just left. 

"Oh hell. Has she done one before?"

"Done one what?"

"A gangbang silly," she said with a smile. 

"No, this would be her first."

"Oh holy hell and Christ on a stick. And you left her alone in there?" She got up and began walking towards the room. I followed, exasperated. A moment later we were in the room where Marie was still kneeling patiently. 

"Hey, sweetie, I'm Laura." 

My wife smiled at her and I could see she was instantly attracted. "I'm Marie, I see you met Nick."

"Yes, charmed. So what's got a bug up your cootch that you come straight to this room your first time here."

"I want to be fucked," Marie said plainly and confidently. "I want every man here to fuck me and shoot their cum on me. I want to know... I need to know if I have a limit."

"Well you do. But I'll help you find out what it is." She then turned to me, "go spread the word, I'll stay with Marie and help her through it. If you see my hubby, tell him where I am."

"How will I know..."

"He's the only Japanese-Black guy here who goes by Harold."

Laura turned back to Marie and began to talk to her while I just stood and stared. After a few moments she turned back to me, "What are ya waiting for? She aint going to fuck herself!"

I left to go tell the party. 

Harold wasn't difficult to find, he was standing with two drinks in his hand and looking around by the fire that Laura had just left. He was a few inches taller than me with a lean body and dark spiky hair. 

"Harold?" I asked. 

"Yeah,"he replied. 

"I'm Nick. Laura's inside helping my wife get ready."

Harold raised an eyebrow. "Want a drink?"

"Love one," I replied, "and could really use some help recruiting.".

"First time?"

"Yeah, for us both." 

Harold smiled and handed me the drink. "To new experiences." We clinked glasses and then he continued. "Laura will take good care of her. Let's go find some horny men to fuck your wife."

Turns out that finding horny men to fuck a gang bang virgin at a New Year's Eve swingers party is not very difficult. Go figure. We worked our way through the house, Harold introducing me to couples as we went, quickly explaining the situation before moving on to the next. I explained a few times how we had been sub to a BBC bull until recently and that Marie was taking control of her desires and pushing her own limits, and oh, could you please go help her? It was apparent that Harold was both well known and well liked. 

By the time we had made a lap around the house and returned to the gangbang room, a line of men had formed out of the door. Harold excused our way past the line and into the room. 

Inside, Marie was on her back being fucked by an older man with grey hair and a bit of extra weight, her legs in the air, still in those wonderful boots, and being held back by Laura. She had the large cock of another slightly overweight man in her mouth. Four other men stood around the bed, naked and stroking their cocks, waiting for their turn with Marie. 

The grey haired man was pounding hard, but didn't look close to cumming, and after a few moments, Laura noticed us and kicked him out, allowing the man who's cock Marie was sucking to come around and begin his pounding after putting on a condom. Another man moved to the head of the bed and offered his cock to Marie, which she took and swallowed easily. 

The larger cock of the man who was now fucking her had an almost instant effect, and Marie began to orgasm. Softly at first, but with increasing intensity as the mans large dick plowed into her. Marie saw me looking at her, smiled, took the other mans cock out of her mouth and whispered, "I love you." 

"Hey do you suck cock?" Harold startled me out of my reverie. "Because if you do, I swear there is nothing better than fluffing for your own wife's gangbang."

He led me to one of the small rooms with the glory hole and put me inside. In moments a hard cock had come through a hole, and I instantly and hungrily began to suck it. I could still see the bed from here and for the next 40 minutes I watched as six men cycled through, first to my mouth, then to hers, and finally to fuck her. After the sixth, she turned over to be fucked from behind and was in a near constant state of orgasm. 

Laura remained by her side, sometimes scolding the men if they got to rough. Always gently caressing Marie's breasts and giving her small kisses around her body. I noticed she was not letting the men cum on Marie after. Eventually she helped Marie out of her boots as well. 

As I began to suck my 9th or 10th cock, the man who had been fucking Marie moved underneath her, allowing her to straddle him, while the man she had been blowing came around to her ass. Laura handed him some lube, caressed Marie's back and then the thin dicked man slid into her ass. Laura drove into them both, while the man I was blowing went over to fill her mouth with his very large cock. She took him into her mouth and stoked his cock as she fucked the other two men. 

It was then that I realized another cock had not come into my glory hole, instead, I saw ruby red lips and freckled skin before me. 

"Come out and play with us." The voice called. Intrigued, I opened the door and saw the three young women from the pool table in front of me. It was the redhead, 5'3" 110lbs with an incredible c cup rack and red, well trimmed pussy hair to match her long curly locks who had called out to me. The blonde, 5'2", 95lbs with tiny budded breasts, and the brunette, darker complexion and full D breasts on top of a 5'4" 120lb frame of hard muscle. The three ladies were all in their 20s, perhaps even early 20s. They had their arms around each other and were giggling. 

"Our husbands are still way back in line waiting to fuck your wife, the blonde said with a pout. 

"So we hoped you might come and play with us so we don't get bored." The brunette continued. 

I looked at Marie, she had gone quickly back to vaginal and oral, with skinnydick now pounding away at her pussy. She saw the three women surrounding me and smiled. 

"Where should we go?"

They led me back into the house and to a room that wasn't being used. They introduced themselves as Bev (the redhead), Summer (the blonde) and Lexi (the brunette). 

They sat me down on the bed and removed my shirt and pants, which I only then realized I had not yet taken off. I've mentioned before that I like my women with a little curve and these three girls were not that. Each had flat tummies that showed muscle underneath and skinny legs and asses. 

Summer barely had what you could call breasts, but had the most ass out of the three. It was her hand that first grabbed and began to stroke my cock as Bev and Lexi nibbled on my ears and neck. 

Summer went to her knees while her small hand worked slowly up and down my rod, each up stroke barely pulling the skin to the top of my head. She bowed her head and put her tongue just to the tip to taste the dribble of pre-cum the had formed there before looking back up at me with her pale blue eyes. 

Bev and Lexi rubbed their hands across my chest and back, pushing their breasts against my skin and letting their hard nipples dance across my bare flesh. Each stroke by Summer seemed to take an eternity, until she finally bent down and took just the head of my penis into her mouth, her tongue then moving along the underside of my head. Her mouth barely big enough to take my cock. 

"I want to try!" Lexi said, and Summer pulled her lips away from me, slowly getting to her feet. Lexi moved between my legs and let her large for her frame d breasts lay in my lap, my cock finding its way between them, and then bowed her head to lick the tip.

"Mmmmmm, you have a beautiful cock, Nick," she cooed. Lexi took her breasts in her hands and began to use them to stoke my throbbing member as Summer began to lick and suck at my nipples. Bev now moved around behind Summer and moved her head into Summer's pussy, leaving only a tangle of red curly hair visible as Summer began to moan. 

As Lexi slid her breasts down my cock she began to take me into her mouth, a little further on each stroke, until she slid me deep into her throat. I thought about the 8 months of training with Donnell then, and how thankful I was to be able to control my orgasms, as without that I would have exploded right then. 

Instead, I got to hear the words, "Bev, would you like this beautiful cock in your tight little pussy?" Lexi asked while my cock was once again engulfed by her breasts. 

All I saw in reply was that curly red hair bob up and down. Lexi then led me around the bed, pulled a condom from the cute striped sock she was wearing, and put it on my stiff dick. Bev wiggled her ass in front of me as I stared into her tiny pink hole surrounded by just a whiff of red hair. I slid my cock into that tiny wet tunnel and it grabbed hold of me, pulsing around my dick. I grabbed her tiny ass and began to slowly pump, while Lexi knelt behind me, spread my ass cheeks and began to tongue my asshole. 

Once again I forced down the urge to cum right then and almost lost the battle. Bev was soaping wet, and her juices coated the root of my cock and slid down my balls, where Lexi would take the occasional moment to move from my ass to lick and clean. Still being licked by Bev, Summer came in a loud orgasm across the bed, then moved away from Bev's tongue and lay down. 

"Oohhhh, your cock feels so nice in my tiny hot pussy, Nick. You're wife is soooooo lucky to have this every night. But, I want to feel it in my ass now. Will you do that for me Nick? Will you fuck my little asshole?"

Lexi had moved from around me and pulled Bev's checks open during her speech so that I could clearly see it. I moved my cock from her pussy and slid into her ass with one easy stroke, then let out a long sigh. Lexi, meanwhile, moved into sixty-nine with Bev, and they began to lick and finger each other while I continued my slow rhythm in Bev's ass. 

Soon Bev and Lexi were cumming beneath me, their bodies shuddering as they let out a series of yelps and gasps. Bev's ass clenched tightly on me as she came, but I still refused her. Summer had gotten up from the bed and put her arms around me from behind, then whispered into my ear, "Will you please fuck me now? I've been waiting so long for your cock."

I pulled out of Bev's ass and lay down on the bed bedside them. Summer removed my old condom and threw it to the side, then re-wet my cock by taking it deep into her mouth. Lexi and Bev continued to lick and finger each other through orgasm beside me. 

Once her spit had coated my cock, Summer produced a condom and rolled it on me, then got on top of me, slid my dick into her, and began to ride me, her pussy juice drenching my balls beneath her. As she rode, Lexi and Bev finished their orgasm and moved to either side of my head, sometimes offering me a nipple to suckle, sometimes kissing each other above me. 

Summer continued to grind into me as first Lexi, then Bev took turns straddling my face and allowing me to taste their sweet, sweet holes. As strong as I was, I was not going to last much longer under the attention of these three beautiful young women. After what seemed an eternity but was probably 15 minutes, Summer began to cum hard on top of me. 

"Oh, no you don't!" Lexi purred as she saw the look on my face change, "it's my turn Summer!"
