 Janet and I were riding back home from a lunch meeting. Somehow we got on the topic of sex. I wasn't too surprised it had been a long time since I had gotten any, from anyone. I secretly wanted to go back to her place and seduce her but she had to go to work at 5:00. Did I mention she was a stripper? She found it funny to tease me by showing me her 7 inch heels and her cute stripper outfit. I've never seen her in "action" and didn't want to. My jealousy would be to great, I'd carry her off the stage and take her home. 

"Lisa, its just not fair! He will let me suck him off but not fuck him! He says he wants to keep his virginity." Janet started.

"Are you kidding me?!?" I exclaimed, "I have news for him, he's not a virgin. So, in denial!"

"That's what I thought! He even slipped it in all the way once. Then he got mad at me for 'letting him do it'!"

"Oh Janet, you need to leave him. Why are guys like that? For once I'd just like a guy to grab me and take me like a wild animal. Sex should be rough and hard, that romantic crap is only for so-called lovemaking which you have to actually be in love to do. Which I'm not!" I replied.

"I totally agree. Sex has to be rough. I'm a stripper for god sakes and I don't get any! Do you have any idea how sexually frustrated I am?"

I laughed hard and then said, "Trust me I know. I haven't gotten any in 5 years. My celibacy vow is out the window. I just want sex, with anyone. I don't want to make you uncomfortable but I don't even care if my partner is female. Not to many people know I go both ways." 

"I feel you. You have no idea how many woman I have kissed in my job. There's a party tonight that I want to go to, but I can't my boss lady is scary and makes sure that we don't blow off going to work. You know, once I was giving a lap dance and I got to close to the guy and she came and whispered in my ear to move back. She totally ruined my groove!" 

I laughed again and said, "Awwww... that's so sweet! She's watching out for you girls. That's rare. At least you know you're safe there."

"Yeah, but she totally ruined my groove. Wait did you say its been 5 years since you got any?"

"Uh huh. It's like I told Daniel, Its not that I haven't got any offers it's just that the ones I've gotten I'd never take. Not even if I was drunk, stoned and passed out."

Janet laughed, "Its just like the guys in the bar I work at. Ewwww..."

"The sad part is that I am good at what I do. My first sexual partner was awesome. He taught me everything. We even had threesomes. While I was with Avery I had a girlfriend for 2 of the three years. When we finally broke up, me and Avery, he got together with my girlfriend." I said.

"Oh my god, and you weren't mad?"

"Not at all. The three of us had been doing it for 2 years. And I didn't want him anymore. The sad part was when I started having sex with other people, I was shocked to find out not everyone has sex like a porn star! I'm not ashamed to brag but I'm really good at what I do, with both male and female!" 

"That's great! We're good at what we do! So, what's your greatest unfulfilled fantasy?"

I smiled at Janet and chuckled, "Well, I'd like to go sky diving!"

She laughed. 

"But seriously, I'd like to be in a foursome. 2 guys and a girl. But here's the catch, It would have to be a surprise. Like, I love to be woken up to sex. So while I'm sleeping I'd wake up to the girl tying me to the bed posts naked. The 2 guys close by but in the shadows watching while me and the girl make out. She would be totally in control of me, dominating me, eating me out, playing with me, 69ing, and then the two guys joining us. Both of them very strong and handsome. Totally having huge muscles and perfect 7 ½ inch dicks. One of the guys ties you... I... uhhh...mean her... next to me and continue dominating her and me, eventually untying us to do more wild positions. And plenty of hair pulling. I love it when a guy pulls my hair! Its such a turn on." 

"Wow. That is so hot. Great now I'm going to be horny all night at work!"

"You asked! We should plan a movie night. Just you and I. It'll be fun. What nights do you have off?"

Janet answered, "That sounds great! How bout next Tuesday?"

"Ok that'll work for me! Call me before you pick me up."

That Tuesday, I shaved every hair on my legs, arms, and all my pubes. I bathed in perfumed water and put jasmine body spray in my hair. I gave myself "bedroom smoky eyes" and put on a leopard and leather corset under my black pants and sleeveless red v necked blouse. I looked hot. I was a perfect size 5'3" and 120 lbs. With curly hair a little longer than shoulder length and so dark brown it was almost black. My skin was pail and blemish free with cute light freckles on my arms and face that were barely noticeable. My eyes a perfect blue-green, almost an aqua marine color.

Irregardless, of what Janet planned, I fully planned on seducing her. I figured it wouldn't be so hard to do after Fridays conversation. Janet was from Venezuela. She was beautiful. 5'6", size 6 waist, a C cup, gorgeous light brown eyes that had gold and dark green flecks that shone in the light. They were slightly almond shaped but surprisingly wide at the same time. Her hair was naturally dark brown and she added light brown highlights, in a cute short style. 

She picked me up at 6 and went straight to her house. It was gorgeous and the inside had a sensual feeling. The living room walls were dark red, more burgundy then red, though. I noticed black iron end tables, and black suede furniture. It was very Victorian style. She gave me a quick tour of the place and showed me her bed room. It was done up with leopard print and huge lion murals of Africa on one of the walls. Her bed was a dream bed. A queen sized canopy bed with double curtains. The first curtain closest to the bed was mostly see-through white material and the second was a heavy black curtain. I admired them thoroughly. 

"It keeps the sun out when I sleep during the day. When you close them it completely blocks out the light! Since they are on the top too you can't even see your hand in front of yourself. Its soooooo ... nice!"

"Wow! Is this where I'm sleeping tonight?" I asked.

"Yep! Lets go watch a movie first!"

Janet plugged in Original Sin. What a hot movie. For a moment I though she was seducing me. What luck. Can we seduce each other? I've always been attracted to Angelina and she knew it. I was so wet by the end of the movie I was ready to jump on Janet right there. But there was one last movie to watch and I was curious on what she picked. It was an erotic horror movie. Half way through the movie I got up from my chair and sat next to Janet on the couch. I got scared at one point when a ghost popped up on the screen and grabbed Janet. She laughed and sat behind me and held me. Her arms and legs were wrapped around me. During one of the sex scenes she gently caressed my stomach and gently rubbed up passed my right breast up to my shoulder. Then she traced my jaw line with her index finger toward the center of my face then traced down to the center of my blouse resting her hand right between my breasts. 

I gently held her hand there and turned my head toward her and kissed her lips gently. A loud scream broke our embrace and we both jumped. We giggled and watched the rest of the movie. 

I started getting ready for bed as Janet made a phone call. When Janet came back into the bedroom she saw me on the couch in my corset and matching underwear. She giggled. 

"Expecting something?" She asked with a hint of sarcasm. She turned toward her dresser where she kept her mini bar and poured 2 glasses of wine.

"Who ME? NO. I would never presume. I just believe in looking great always." I answered as she handed me a glass.

"Indeed you do look great. Here's a toast to sex and great horror shows..." Janet smile devilishly.

I quickly drank the glass of wine. In a few minutes my head was spinning. "I'm kinda dizzy can I lay down for a minute?" 

"Sure. Here." She pointed to the bed and pulled back the covers. No sooner did I lay down than I was passed out. She drugged me. I was out like a light. 

I remember feeling cold and a little woozy. I opened my eyes and couldn't see a thing it was like my eyes were still closed. Where was I? Was I dreaming? I tried to move my arms they were tied down. I tried to kick. My legs were tied too. I was spread eagle and naked tied to the bed. I was hoping that I was still at Janet's and didn't get kidnapped for real. 

"Janet!" I whispered softly.

I heard some whispers toward the foot of the bed. 

"He-he-hello?" I said softly. 

"Your Lady will be here soon. Until then stay silent." A man with a deep voice said softly.

Could it be? Could she have staged my fantasy? I was excited and scared at the same time. I kept silent. It was so cold in the room my nipples were so erect they hurt. They were sensitive as it was. 

I fell asleep in that position. I was still groggy from the drug. I awoke to the outer curtains being pulled back. The only one left was the lacy interior curtain. The room was dimly lit by candles and the curtain glowed a deep orange. Toward the back of the room there were two well built men. Janet was wearing a black cloth mask that she tied around her head. Much like something Zorro would wear. She carried a faux soft whip and whipped my pussy with it. I gasped. Then she pounced on me in one motion and put one hand over my mouth and another behind my head grabbing and pulling my hair taut. 

"I didn't say you could make noise! I'm in complete control of you now." Janet whispered in my ear. She turned my head and kissed my ear gently. I could see the two men and I tried to see their faces, but I couldn't make them out. They were both fully dressed in black, for now, sipping on wine. 

Janet moved her leg toward my mound and pressed hard against it while she held my head still by my hair. She gently bit my lower lip which made me want her more. Everything that turned me on she did at once. I reveled in the sensation with great anticipation. Her free hand caressed by left breast, fondling gently toward the nipple. She softly teased my nip until it protruded. Once she was satisfied with its hardness she gently squeezed it and passionately kissed me. Once in the throws of kissing she released my head and moved her leg which pressed against my mound. Her finger found my clit soft and wet. At the instant she touched my clit her other hand pulled and pinched my left nipple hard. The mixture of pain and pleasure sent waves through my body. 

Her lips left my mouth and move toward my right breast kissing my neck all the way down. She was like a ravenous lion on the hunt purring on her way down. Her mouth centered on my nipple. Her pierced tongue teasing and pleasing. She wasted no time and was nimble with her fingers and tongue. Her coordination was amazing. Simultaneously pleasing both breasts and clit at the same time. My clit was throbbing and swollen by her constant teasing. I was wet and longing to feel something inside me. Desperate and long for relief on the edge of orgasm my eyes rolled as my back arched. My breathing was heaving and with every breath she rubbed my clit up and down and slid her wet fingers between my folds. She paused suddenly and brought her finger up to her mouth and licked them.

"Mmmm..." She mumbled as she brought her fingers toward my mouth. I licked tem gently and then began to suck vigorously on them. Suddenly I became aware of them men. They were right outside the soft curtain watching us intently. Janet left her finger in my mouth and lowered herself down toward my clit. Her tongue writhed upon my clit. Using her tongue ring on the most sensitive spot. I started panting hard close to orgasm. Then suddenly while her tongue and ring stroked me, her tongue ring started vibrating wildly. I could no longer contain myself I screamed as I came my whole body convulsing with pleasure. 

Before I was done with my orgasm the two men were in bed, both completely naked with hungry lustful looks in their eyes. 

"Not yet!" Janice snapped.

"Shut up! You're mine now!" Said one of the men. He grabbed her and pulled her off of me, kissed her, then they both tied her to the bed quickly. But I was not prepared for how they tied her up. They tied her the same as me only opposite. We were placed in the 69 position and tied together. 

"Eat." The dark haired man commanded.

So Janice continued teasing my pussy and clit while I did the same. She tasted great and had the smoothest skin. I sucked and nibbled her clit until she panted. Then with great force I shoved my tongue in her vagina as far as it would go over and over again until she came. Next thing I realized was that my hands were free and so were hers. We were untied but continued on in that position. There were hands everywhere. The men where on both sides of us caressing our bodies. One of my hands where taken off of Janice and placed on a rock hard cock. I started manipulating him, caressing him. I longed to feel him inside of me. Without warning the d ark haired man lifted Janice off me and the blond man put one arm under me and lifted me up in the air like I was a twig and placed me facing Janet and her partner. He held me tightly from behind his cock throbbing on my back. His right arm was around my breasts and his left hand grabbing my wet pussy. 

He whispered in my ear, "Watch them fuck."

Janet's partner grabbed her and threw her back on the bed. He was rough but gentle as he climbed on her. He rubbed his cock on her pussy gently then rough up and down. He knew she wanted it. His lips came close to hers and as he kissed her softly he sent his cock deep within her. She gasped. He pulled out quickly causing her vaginal muscles to spasm. His lips went down on hers again and he kissed her passionately gently easing his cock insider her this time. He went slow at first enjoying the spasms he caused her to have. Her hand reached down to play with her clit. She rubbed herself hard as he fucked her. The had such rough sex the bed shook both me and my partner.

While I was watching them my partner started kissing and nibbling on my neck. His huge fingers rubbing my clit and sliding up and down my pussy sent me into orgasms. I was drunk with lust. As my friend Janet continued to be ravaged I came so hard my juices flowed out. My partner was satisfied and flipped my back onto the bed and sat on my chest offering me his rock hard cock. I grabbed him with one hand and started to lick him from the base of his cock to the tip. Slowly at first then a little faster. The bed rocked from the other two causing a pleasing rocking motion for us. I twirled my tongue around his head and wrapped my lips around his head only. Then I pulled my signature trick. I added a strong suction while my tongue twirled around his head. His back arched and he groaned loudly. He pulled back. Any longer and he would have came. He was saving it for later. He whispered in my ear. Not yet Pussy cat.

He eased himself down on top of me gently kissing my lips. "That was amazing!" he whispered. "I bet that's not even half of what you can do. We're going to have fun" 

His cock slid easily into my tight wet pussy. I contracted my muscles on him once to see his reaction. He groaned as he gently rocked back and forth in side of me. Then I squeezed again. He paused inside of me. This time I squeezed hard three times and then released my vaginal muscles. 

He looked at me with a huge grin and exclaimed, "You can control those?"

I attempted but failed at an innocent giggle. His excitement grrrrrrrrrew as he started giving my a pounding of my life. We were a perfect match. He threw my legs up on his shoulders and pounding deep inside of me hitting my g spot I came immediately squeezing him so hard he came too. I laid my hand on his chest and guided him to lay on the bed. His hard cock now soft he sighed.

I smiled at him and gently put his cock in my mouth twirling and sucking. I gently fondled his balls with one hand and directly behind them with another. In a matter of seconds he was rock hard again. 

"You are amazing!" He said.

I kept one hand massaging his cock while he laid me down and started licking my clit. His tongue was a master at work sending waves of pleasure through my body. His finger teased my anus. Using my wetness he get tingly pushed his finger in my anus. It had bed so long since I felt that my muscles instantly tightened, but he just licked my clit faster and placed 2 fingers from his other hand in my vagina. Both hands pumping their fingers intermediately in and out of me soared my orgasms to the next level.  

I had completely forgotten about Janet and her partner who were done an hour ago and had already showered. 

"I have one last surprise for you, Lisa." My partner said as he looked up at me. He flipped me up on top of him and lifted me up and down on his cock. I began to ride him wildly. He placed on hand on my chest and another behind my head and pulled me to him. 

"Are you ready?" he whispered in my ear.

"For anything." I said as I rode him gently.

The dark haired man snuck up behind my and placed his handover my mouth. "Shhhhh..." he whispered.

Startled I tried to sit back up. But My first partner who was already inside of me had a firm hold on my hair and said as he buried his cock as far into my vagina as far as possible, "Hmmm...relax..." then he kissed my lips. The other man rubbed his cock on my ass and slowly inserted it. I wanted to break away from the kiss and gasp for air as pain and pleasure resonated through my body but he just held tighter and kissed harder shoving his tongue between my moth locking his lips to mine. They both started rocking in and out stretching me to the max while Janet filmed it all. The lack of oxygen caused me to get dizzy. Then the pleasure came is waves. The kiss broke off as the man behind me pulled my hair and I screamed as I came over and over as they pounded me harder and harder till they came. When it was over all three of us collapsed on the bed.