 Author's Note: This is my attempt at reliving the wilder sexual moments of my not so distant past. All of these stories are based on actual events. 



I'd met Jack at freshman orientation. We'd sat next to each other in one of the sexual harassment seminars and we hit it off immediately. We'd both cracked wholly inappropriate jokes given the subject matter and were nearly thrown out over the outbursts. It was readily agreed that we'd probably get along well as roommates. 

So here it was, move-in day, and we're both unpacking boxes, when the topic of girls came up. It wasn't a surprise, since Jack was a self professed ladies man. Jack was extremely attractive and self-confident. He was ripped with a body that wouldn't look out of place in an A&F catalogue. Despite all of this, he was surprisingly humble about why girls seemed to flock to him like moths to a flame. He just "rolled with the flow" and "took all they wanted to give" which, as I later found out, was a lot. Jack was casual and nonchalant about sex, while for me was still a big area that had largely gone unexplored. 

It's not that I'm unattractive and couldn't get dates, but the girls I'd hooked up with seemed considerably vanilla. I had run with a slightly more geeky crowd and the girls I dated reflected that. Any attempt that was made on my part to spice things up had ended poorly. That led me to the conclusion that by and large, girls are prudes. 

"No way man," Jack said. "You're just not finding the right girls."

"I dunno," I said. "Seems like most girls are pretty tame."

"Nuh uh," he said. "Every girl has an inner slut. You just have to find ways to get her to let it out." 

"We'll see," I said skeptically.

"Tonight, let's go to the club and we'll see if we can't find girls that want to let their sluts out."

"Sounds good to me," I said.

--------------

After some illicit pre-drinking in our room, we headed somewhat tipsily to the club. A typical dance club that was within walking distance of the dorms was obviously popular with the under 21 crowd. 

Soon making our way to the dance floor it was quite obvious that making friends in this place was not going to be hard. I received my fair share of looks, but it was Jack that received the most attention. 

In short time I had a petite dark haired girl grinding on me. She was clearly enjoying rubbing her butt against my thigh. I look over and almost on cue Jack had the prototypical large breasted brunette straddling his leg. His hands were on her noticeably tight ass. 

Seeing if I could get away with as much I turned her around and pulled her in a little tighter as the music changed to a slower song. I tilted my head down as she spoke.

"I'm Carrie." 

"Dylan." 

"You're a good dancer," she said.

"Thanks, so are you." 

"What are you guys doing later?"

"Dunno, just kinda seeing what kind of trouble we can get into."

With smoldering look in her eyes she looked up and said "I like trouble." "My roommate Amy and I don't know anybody here, mind if we hang out with you guys?"

"I have absolutely no problem with that," I said smirking. 

With that the music picked up again, a song she liked apparently as she started grinding into my leg. The heat coming from her pussy was noticeable, even in the sweltering conditions of the club. I had my hand on the small of her back pulling her in. The position gave me a great view down the front of her low cut top. A set of small, but perky tits were pressed up high. 

Carrie noticed my glance and pressed them together a little for me - shooting me a wry smile. 

At the end of the song, Carrie and I look over to see Jack and her friend Amy making out fairly heavily for a public place at one of the tables. We make our way over and Jack pauses long enough to announce:

"Who wants to go get drunk?"

15 Minutes later we're back in our room. 

-----

Carrie and I lingered in the common room to fetch drinks while Amy and Jack set up shop in our shared bedroom. We snagged a couple of beers and turned the corner into the bedroom. We stopped immediately when we saw Jack and Amy again making out, but this time my roommate was getting his fingers wet as he brazenly had his hand down Amy's pants.

"Well you two wasted no time," Carrie broke in. 

Amy looked up and blushed, but Jack made no move to remove his hand from her pants. He just shot me a quick glance and smiled. 

Carrie and I sat on the other bed and cracked open our beers. 

"Beer?" Jack asked. "Let's do a shot, Dylan - go grab that bottle of Captains from the desk."

I hop up and grab the bottle. While fishing it out I "accidentally" knocked to the floor a box of Magnum condoms. 

"Looks like somebody is packing," Carrie giggled.

Amy, who was still getting a bit of a rub from Jack just sputters out "feels like this one."

After a laugh from everyone, I unscrew the cap and take a big swig from the bottle. We pass it around, Jack taking out his hand momentarily to get a drink, but replaces and noticeably picks up the pace on Amy's clit. Her hips rolling with his work.

Carrie's eyes were transfixed on the couple who went right back to making out. I handed her the bottle and she took a quick drink and then practically tackled me on the bed. Our lips met, crushing together in a battle of frenzied passion. Our tongues meet and she's quickly running her hands over my body. I slide a hand up her top, cradling her firm tit. She moaned into my mouth, while her hand found my cock.

Unzipping my fly, her hand slid into my pants gripping my hard shaft through my boxers. 

"Oh my god"

The noise from the opposite bed reminded us both that we weren't alone as we both look over. Amy had discovered Jack's cock and it stood proudly from his waist. Jack had told me that he had a girlfriend measure it at over 8 inches and it was thick enough that it was difficult for Amy to get her hand around it. 

"Wow, I guess he was packing," Carrie said and again we all laughed.

"I'm gonna need another one of these," Amy announced, picking the bottle off the floor. She took a big pull and handed it to Carrie who also took a drink. 

Amy ceremoniously crawled back up onto the bed, on her knees as if she were bowing the the monster. She grabbed it at the base, leaning it to draw the tip across her tongue. Jack shuddered as the cute brunette continued her oral ministrations. 

Carrie and I were transfixed. Both of us panting and flushed from the show we were witnessing. Carrie was the first to move, pulling off her top and releasing her perky B cups she leaned in for a quick kiss before standing to remove her pants. 

Her thin frame showed no blemishes. Even in the dim light of the bedroom she was breathtaking. She slowly bent over in front of me as she pushed down her black slacks. A tight ass highlighted by the thin strand of string running down her cheeks. As she continued to bend, her pink puffy lips came into view, the thin fabric leaving little to the imagination. She was wet, the moisture clearly evident. 

A gasp from the other bed broke my gaze as Amy was starting to work Jack's huge phallus into her mouth. She was busy jacking the base and shaft while licking and sucking the head.

"You have too many clothes on," Carrie said, regaining my attention.

I quickly stripped leaving no time for seduction. I was rock hard and ready to fuck.

We laid back onto the bed, kissing, with even more urgency than before. I let my kisses move to her neck and down to her breasts, nibbling gently on her large nipples. She gasped as my hands clamped onto her ass while busily licking and sucking her beautiful tits.

She was jerking my shaft wantonly before we both caught a quick glance over at Jack and Amy. The brunette had pulled off her top - her full C tits spilling across her chest. She was straddling Jack's face and his tongue was doing its magic as Amy clearly was thrashing around and enjoying herself.

"That looks like fun," Carrie said. And with that she pushes me back to the bed, straddling my face, but quickly going to all fours. The 69 put her wet pussy inches from my face. I slid the g-string to the side allowing me to get a good look at her swollen cunt. She had big outer lips, but tight inner ones - it was leaking pretty well at this point and was well open for anything going in there.

As I took the first swipe with my tongue, Carrie engulfed my cock taking half of my 7+ inches into her mouth. We moaned simultaneously - the vibrations of her mouth on my cock driving me crazy. I started working on her clit, while keeping a firm grip on her ass. In earnest Carrie works more of my fat dick into her mouth and soon I had bottomed out into her throat. The extra lean forward spreading her pussy open even more. 

I took this as an invitation to tongue fuck her and again she moaned as she came up for air. 

"Oooh, just like that" she moaned as she once again started bobbing her head up and down my shaft. 

Moving an arm up, I moved my tongue back to her clit and wet my fingers. Sliding first one, then two fingers into her fiery snatch, she groaned, "Oh, fuck yeah."

I sucked lightly on her clit, while moving my tongue across the hard nub. My fingers increasing their rhythm. Before long my cock was forgotten and Carrie was moaning and grunting.

"Oh, fuck, yeah...mmmm..fuck. Suck my clit. Ohhhhhh fuuuuuuuuuucckkk..."

With that, she tensed and shuddered. I removed my fingers from her pulling out a torrent of juice along with them. The sight of her tight fuck hole contracting and dripping inches in front of me sent me to another level - I just had to fuck her. 

Sensing what I wanted Carrie sighed and rolled off, spinning and throwing a leg over my waist. She gripped my shaft and rubbed the tip between her wet cunt lips. A few more trips for my cockhead along the length of her slit and she slowly started working the tip in.

A flurry of movement on the other bed distracted both of us as Jack had Amy's legs on his shoulders and he was pounding away. Amy's cries were loud and the live porn we were watching clearly turned both Carrie and I on. 

Carrie could take no more, impaling herself on my cock. 

It was as if I had shoved my dick into a furnace. The heat of her pussy was intense. She leaned forward a bit and started to bounce on my cock. Her eyes were closed as she concentrated on getting as much of my dick into her as possible. I lifted my hips upward to meet her thrusts. 

Her wet pussy and my hard cock made loud sucking noises audible over the creak of the bed and the hard fucking going on in the other bed. 

"MMMMMmmmmm fuck, that feels good." Carrie moaned. "Your cock feels so good"

"Yeah baby, your pussy is so hot. So fucking tight," I grunted back between thrusts. 

A gutteral groan by Jack next to us drew our attention. He had pulled out of Amy and furiously stroking his massive cock. Within seconds Jack was shooting ribbons of cum onto the stomach and tits of the hot brunette. 

"Ohhh fuck, that's so hot," Carrie groaned as she switched from bouncing to grinding her clit along my shaft. 

I planted my hands on her hips and helped to push and pull her along. Our eyes were both closed as she tried to reach her orgasm and I tried to avoid mine. A sharp "OH!" and my eyes snapped open. Jack had his lips around her nipple and Amy was sitting on the side of the bed - Jack's cum still running down her chest with a little pool in her inny belly button. 

That was it for Carrie. We increased the pace and as her back arched I felt her pussy clamp down onto my hard shaft. I rolled my hips upward adding just a little more friction to her clit. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuhhhhhh" was all Carrie could get out before she completely tensed in orgasmic bliss. I released what felt like a gallon of cum as I too tensed and shook - Carrie's own twitching pussy milking my cock. 

Jack stood there smiling and Amy had two of her fingers lodged into her twat. 

"Holy fuck that was hot!" Amy exclaimed, breaking the silence. We all giggled and Carrie collapsed forward into my arms.

We kissed deeply as she whispered "Mmmm Thanks." 

"We're gonna go jump in the shower," Jack said in between drinks of beer, "feel free to come join us."

Carrie's eyes clearly were on Jack's tool as it swung back and forth near her face. 

The shower started up and Carrie and I just layed there a bit, my cock softening a bit inside the rubber shell. We kissed a bit more. And she rolled off. She looked so sexy covered in sweat, her hair mussed, her inner thighs shiny from their own wetness.  

She grabbed the bottle of run and took a big swig. 

"Did you want to go join them in the shower?" she asked, sounding a bit unsure of herself. 

The orgasm clearing my head a bit made me a little self conscious, "Sure. You're coming, right?" 

"Yeah," she said wincing after another drink from the bottle. She handed the 5th to me and I chugged a couple of shots worth. 

She pulled me up off the bed and we headed around the corner.

The bathroom was a sauna. The glass was fogged and the moist heat felt good. Immediately we heard the moans above the shower. Carrie and I crept closer and with the shower curtain not completely shut we could see Amy leaning forward with her hands pressed against one wall of the over sized shower stall, her large breasts heavily hanging down and swaying back and forth. She had a look of sheer pleasure on her face. Jack was clearly doing something and the imagination of what that was sprung my cock back to life. Carrie must have been thinking the same thing as her hand went to my dick, slowly stroking it. Suddenly Amy's eyes popped open.

"Hey!" she laughed and smiled. "I didn't hear you guys come in. Get in here the water feels great."

"Yeah it looks like the water wasn't the only thing making you wet though," Carrie said. 

"That's right, I was helping!" Jack said from the other side of the curtain.

Any reservations I had were completely gone as my lust had been restored. I needed to get my now hard cock into something - and fast. 

Once in the shower it was Amy behind me and Carrie between Jack and I. I was a tight fit, but the combination of hot water and flesh pressing on flesh was a very erotic sensation. Jack grabbed the soap and we immediately started soaping up Carrie. She just closed her eyes and let out a contented moan as our hands roamed her body. Amy's generous breasts were pressed into my side as she peeked around to watch. Carrie kept her hands active, gripping both Jack and I and stroking us. Feeling a squeeze to my ass, I turn slightly to see Amy working her clit with one hand while using the free hand to hold herself steady. 

Watching her I almost forgot about Carrie, she had released my cock and had turned towards me completely. She kissed me, but there was no doubt what she was after. She leaned forward a little, stood on her tiptoes and from the expression on her face, Jack was working his cock into her pussy. The slightest of movements between the two, but both were clearly enjoying it...for Jack another tight cunt...for Carrie the stretch of another thick cock penetrating her deeply. 

Quickly Amy squatted down, nearly falling out of the shower and sucked my raging hard on into her warm wet mouth. Her hand still working at her clit she moaned around me as the couple next to us picked up speed. 

"Ohmygod, ohmygod, fuck, yeah so good," Carrie cried. 

"You like that big cock, huh?" Jack grunted back, continuing his long hard thrusts into her dripping tunnel. 

"Oh god yes," she moaned as she leaned in to kiss me, surprising me. 

Amy had managed to work the length of my own thick cock into her throat. Her throat muscles were making it hard to stand. The sensation was terrific, but just as quickly as she had gone down, she popped up into my arms. We kissed passionately, our tongues meeting as we hungrily went at each other. 

All the time I we were sliding down the stall cause Carrie kept getting bent over further and further - Jack's thrust getting deeper and harder. Running out of space Amy wordlessly grabbed my cock and led me out of the shower, both of us dripping. She hopped up onto the vanity placing her butt in between the two sinks. There was a fire in her eyes, her chest was heaving; as she brought her legs up her shaved pussy came into view. It was red, swollen and wet. I leaned in for a taste, getting some of her dripping honey on my tongue, savoring the flavor. She was sweeter than Carrie. One more lick and then a quick kiss. My tongue giving Amy a taste of her own sweet nectar. As I leaned in my cock lined up perfectly with her cunt, the tip sliding in easily. I stood back upright and thrust my hips driving my dick deep inside Amy's hot box. 

Amy screamed and thrashed at the deep penetration, her fingers once again finding her clit. 

"Ohhhh gawd fuck me please fuck me hard," Amy screamed. And in seconds she was stiff, her back arching and convulsing as she came. Easily the fastest I'd ever seen a girl cum. I slowed my thrusts as she stopped me altogether. 

"Too sensitive, but don't worry. I'll be good to go in a couple." She leaned forward to kiss me, then hopped off the vanity and took my juice covered cock into her mouth for a quick second. With a sparkle in her eye she just just said "Yum."

No doubt, Amy was a really sexy girl.

More moaning in the shower as I stepped in real quick. Carrie was still bent over. Her eyes opening when she heard the shower curtain pull back. A half smile interrupted by more moans of pleasure crossed her face. I stood under the shower head heating up, my cock jutting obscenely still. I had turned away to grab the soap, but I felt a smack to my butt. I turn around and Carrie strains forward enough to get the my cock head on the tip of her tongue. I move forward and to a better angle and quickly Carrie is moaning around my shaft while Jack takes care of the other end. 

"Dude." is all I can manage as Jack shoots me a smile. 

"What's going on in here?," Amy inquisitively asks pulling open the shower curtain. "Oh fuck. Oh my god that is fucked up. Oh..." Instinctive her hands go to her breasts as she stands there watching the sordid scene. She kneads her large tits, giving the nipples an occasional pinch. 

"Aim, you've gotta try this," Carrie said between moans. "I feel so fucking hot and sexy right now."

"mmmm," was her only reply.

"Let's dry off and get back in the bedroom," I said. And with that we disengaged from Carrie and dried off. 

"I need a fucking break...literally" Carrie said. 

"Well I guess its my turn to keep the boys occupied," Amy said and after taking another pull from the bottle of Captains, she hopped up onto Jack's bed. "Who wants where?" she said through a seductive grin.

"Dylan its your turn for pussy," Carrie answered as Jack and I exchanged glances. 

I wasted no time climbing under Amy and she wasted no time sitting on my cock. My rigid member sliding up into her fiery depths. Jack presented his massive dick to her and she eager sucked while I thrust into her. A quick glance to my right and Carrie is on the other bed, laying back, head propped up, feet flat and legs spread. She's alternating rubbing her clit and sliding two fingers into her cunt.

Amy is clearly concentrating on giving a good BJ and a couple of hard thrusts gain her attention back to me.

"Mmmmf, oh, mmm, yeah" she moans with a mouthful of hard cock. "This is so fucked up. But it feels so good."

I look over and Carrie is gone, but then feel another presence on the bed. Carrie was scooting up next to me and Amy on the bed. 

"Please lick my clit," she said. My smile was her answer. 

She straddled my face facing Amy and Jack...the folds of her cunt spread wide, her hole gaping. 
