 I roll the die with hopes of it landing on the number 6. I don't want to find out what the challenge would be if I roll the lowest number. You see, this is the way our weekends have began for close to a year. It has been many, many weeks. To be honest, I don't remember how many weeks to be exact.

Me and my friends roll a dice when we all get together Friday night, before we head out for whatever adventure we come upon. The person who rolls the lowest number on the die has to do whatever challenge the collective group decides upon. 

This group consists of six people, my five female friends and I. I know, it sounds like a weird grouping and I honestly could not agree more. There used to be about twenty of us with a good mix of men and women. After high school graduation, many in our group went away to college and a few others simply moved away, leaving eight of us, 3 males and five females. A few months later, Dale was pulled away from the group by his conservative girlfriend. Damon started a new power plant job and works nights during the weekends so we rarely ever see him as well, leaving the six of us. Me, Julie and Becca are working while Sammy, Kate and Destiny attend college.

As I was saying, somewhere around a year ago, we were getting ready to have a bonfire and drink some beers. We were all drinking and having a good time as the sun set. It was that time of the month for Kate. She wasn't feeling well and chose not to drink for the night. She decided to be our designated driver and drive us to Alex's parents house, where the bon fire party was being held.

We were waiting inside Kate's kitchen for her to finish showering after she arrived home from work. Destiny grabbed a die from the kitchen counter and started rolling it several times, wasting time. After a few rolls, she said, let's play a game. Who ever rolls the lowest number has to take a dare. After considering the options, we all agreed to play.

Everyone except for Kate rolled, Becca rolling the lowest with a one. The four of us huddled together to decide what to do. We decided that Becca had to jump in Kate's parents pool naked, but we told her she had to wait for Kate to finish getting ready so that she could see it as well.

When Kate finished getting ready and entered the kitchen, we told her the game we were playing. She shook her head while rolling her eyes at us, then laughed. We told Becca it was time for her to go skinny dipping in the pool. It was the end of the summer, nearing Autumn, so the night time was still warm, but there was a slightly cool breeze blowing from the North. 

Becca is adventurous and never seemed to be too shy so this wasn't a big deal to her, even with me, a male, around. We have all grown up together in a small farm town of less than ten thousand people and have been in the same school since kindergarten. Having known each other for over thirteen years, our dicotomy is different than most people. Even though I was attracted to some of my friends, I saw them as sisters of sort. 

So Becca undressed, sitting her shorts, shirt, socks, shoes, panties and bra in a pile by the sliding glass doors that open up to the pool deck. She quickly runs, covering her tiny chest with her hands in an "X". Her tiny butt cheeks flexed with each step as she approached the pool then jumped inside as we all stood in the doorway watching.

Destiny grabbed all of Becca's clothes off the deck and began running through the house in the opposite direction. She yelled, "Let's go to the party" as she exited the back room and headed for the front of the house. I grabbed the towel off the back of the chair on the deck and followed everyone else, except Becca who was naked in the pool, through the house. I called shotgun as we all headed for the SUV. Kate jumped in the driver's seat and started the ignition. I jumped in the front passenger seat and closed the door. Sammy, Destiny and Julie jumped into the back of the SUV while Becca came running toward the SUV from around the back of the house.

I looked out the window and saw her naked body partially shining in the illumination of the light on top of the neighbor's roof. The rest of her body looked like a shadowy figure from a distance. Kate put the SUV in drive and started to pull out of the driveway, turning right onto the neighborhood road. The doors automatically locked when she put the car in drive. Becca chased after the vehicle, grabbing the handle to the sliding passenger door, but was unable to unlock it. She pounded on the window and we could hear her muffled voice say, "Let me in."

Her face was filled with anxiousness. I looked down her body and saw that her nipples on her a cup breasts were growing hard from the cool air. Kate unlocked the door and it slid open. We all laughed as Becca climbed inside the SUV and sat in the bucket seat by the door. I handed the towel over my head to her. She reached forward and closed the sliding door as Kate started driving away. I looked at Becca's naked body in the rearview mirror as she dried off and saw her glance back at me. My eyes darted down between her legs, seeing her puffy lips with no hair surrounding them. I wondered how warm it would be inside her at that moment if I slid a finger between her lips. Would she be really wet/turned on from the events and knowing that I was checking her out?

She dried off and dressed while cussing us all out as we headed to the party. She swore she would get payback. No ill will was held and we all had a great time at the bon fire. The next week, we met at Kate's parents house again. This time, everyone but Becca rolled the die. I rolled the lowest with a two and Becca challenged me to undress and sit around the girls for five minutes without covering up my penis. 

This was one hell of a challenge. None of my friends had ever seen me naked before and I knew I would not be able to control my arousal, which was sure to happen, as I saw them all looking at me. We went into the living room and started watching a horror movie. A few minutes into the movie, Becca told me to strip naked. I was sitting on the couch next to her and Destiny. The other girls were sitting around the room in a love seat and a recliner. I slowly stripped then sat down on the couch, trying to concentrate on the television, though I could feel all of the pair of eyes on my body.

I heard Becca comment, "Nice!" then heard a couple others say "Mhm" in agreement. I was not sure if Becca had ever seen a naked guy before, other than maybe her younger brothers. I was pretty sure the rest of the girls had seen naked guys before. I could feel my dick starting to slowly grow hard as I thought of them looking at me.

I heard Destiny shout, "No touching!" and swat Becca's hand away. The thought of Becca enjoying the site of my body and wanting to touch me made me even more aroused. I could feel my penis starting to stand on its' own like a flag pole. The girls started to eww and ahh over it as they watched it grow.

"That is so cool." I heard Julie say. "I have never seen a penis get hard before. It was already hard by time I saw any of my ex boyfriend's penises."

I started to feel self-conscious and started moving my hands toward my crotch. Becca and Destiny each grabbed one of my hands and pulled them back to my hips as Becca said, "No covering it I said."

"Is my five minutes up yet?" I asked.

"Nope, It has only been thirty seconds." Kate commented, though I knew she was lying. It had to have been longer than thirty seconds. 

I let the girls oogle over my chisseled chest, flat chest, five or six inch dick and set of balls for a couple more minutes before putting my clothes back on. We all drank throughout the night at Kate's parents house because her parents were out of town for the weekend. As the night turned into morning, Kate, Becca and Destiny decided to go skinny dipping in the pool. 

Julie and Danny were in the livingroom watching a movie with the lights turned out. I decided it would be fun to see the girls skinny dip so I waited a few seconds after the girls went outside then followed them. They were all jumping in when I stepped out onto the deck. 

I sat down on the lawn chair, next to three piles of clothes and watched the girls frolic around, splashing and laughing. Becca and Destiny, who had been best friends for several years, started to playfully kiss each other on the lips. They would turn and look at me laughing each time they finished kissing. I suspected they were trying to see what kind of reaction they could get from me. 

The above ground pool was about four feet high so their nakedness was hidden under the water, all except for their shoulders and the top of their breasts. I watched them play around until they decided they were done swimming. Becca asked me to hand her a towel. I stood up and realized that I was semi hard. I tried to hide it with the towel as I walked toward them. When I reached over and handed Becca the towel, I saw her eyes gravitate to my crotch. She smiled then looked at me in the eyes and smiled, giving me a quick wink before turning away from me.

She told me to turn around as she held the towel abover her head. I did as she asked and made my way back inside. I took a seat in the corner of the livingroom, sitting in the doorway between the livingroom and the computer room. A few moments later, the girls came inside from the pool and joined the rest of us. Destiny brought several beers with her from the refrigerator and handed all of us a beer.

Becca took a seat at the computer desk, less than a foot from me. She still had her towel wrapped around her body and sat her clothes on the desk. I found it wierd that she did not get dressed even though the other girls did. Becca played a game of solitare on the computer as she drank her beer. When she was done with the game, she stood up and staggered around.

"Holy shit!" she said. "I am drunker than I thought. Jason, will you help me up the stairs so I can take a piss?"

I stood up and felt her wrap her right arm up over my shoulder and around my neck. I grabbed her by the waist, feeling her body press against me, and helped her staggering body up the stairs. When we turned the corner to the left to go into the bathroom, she grabbed my by the arm and pulled me inside the bathroom, closing the door and locking it behind us. She pushed me up against the bathroom wall, pinning me with her body against mine.

"I am not drunk at all, I just wanted to get you alone. Kiss me." she demanded.

She did not even give me a half second to react or even kiss her. As soon as she finished speaking, she forcefully pressed her mouth against my lips. I could tell that she was not an experienced kisser, because she was trying to kiss very fast, smacking her lips together as she pressed them against my lips.

I placed each of my hands on one side of her cheek, pushing her hair back behind her ears, and held her face tightly then said, "Slow down. Let me show you how to kiss."

She stopped trying to kiss and froze momentarily in place. I leaned forward and began to slowly kiss her, sucking on her bottom lip. A few seconds later, she started mirroring the actions of my lips. I felt her hand reach down and grab my crotch through my cargo shorts as her towel fell to the floor. She started stroking my growing penis fast with a firm grip. I pushed her hand away and whipped around, pushing her up against the wall. Then I did what I had wanted to do to her, and frankly to all of my friends at least once. As I was kissing her, I reached between her legs and slid a finger between her folds. Her hot skin surrounded the first three knuckles of my index finger, causing her to moan in my mouth. As I suspected, she was moist to say the least. I felt her body start thrusting against my finger.

I realized that we had been up her for at least a minute or so and the girls downstairs would be getting suspicious if we didn't return soon, so I pulled my finger out of her and sucked her juices off my finger. Her juices tasted like sweet nectar. I could see the desire and lust in her eyes as I backed away from her.

"We have to go back downstairs or the rest of them will get suspicious."

Her look of dissapointment could have killed if her eyes had daggers. She leaned down and grabbed her towel, then wrapped it around her body and I helped her back down the stairs. Not more than a minute after we sat down, she said loudly in a pretend drunk voice, "I am drunk and tired. I am going to bed."

Becca stood up and grabbed her shirt, panties and shorts while leaving her bra, socks and shoes behind on the desk. She stumbled in my direction and said, "Help me to the basement."

I looked at the rest of the girls, but they were all engrossed in the horror movie and eating popcorn. I stood up and put my arm around Becca, knowing that Becca was not drunk, but rather, horny as hell. As we walked through the living room into the kitchen and turned the corner to go down the steps to the basement where there was a large play room containing a pool table and a spare bedroom. As soon as we reached the bottom of the steps, Becca turned around to make sure no one else was around then grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me through the dark into the spare bedroom.

I had never known her to be forceful in any way. She was always the light-hearted, kind hearted person who made everyone laugh. Even when she was drunk, she was happy, go-lucky and fun to be around. At this moment, she was nothing but horny and forceful. She pushed me down onto the bed and landed on top of me. Within a split second, the towel flew onto the side of the bed and Becca crawled underneath the sheet. 

Part of me was not sure I wanted things to go where they were surely headed. The other part of me was ready to explore the part of her that I had always thought about but never imagined would ever be available to me. I wanted to make sure Becca really wanted this and wasn't just acting on horniness and alcohol, to the point she would regret this later.

I asked, "Are you sure you want to do this?"

She put a finger to my lips and said, "Shut up and take clothes off."

As I was unzipping my jeans and pulling them down my hips, Becca said, "I have wanted this for a really long time."

I never knew that she felt this way about me. If I had known how she felt, I might have acted on my thoughts a long time ago. 

Becca yanked my shirt over my head, then reached down between my boxers and started stroking my staff with vigor as if she was in a race to give me an orgasm. She took her other hand and pressed my hand between her crotch, then said "put your finger inside me!"

My hand searched around in the dark between her legs. I noticed that she had large engorged outer labia which were puffy and thick like a catcher's mit. I delved my finger between her lips and found a puddle of juices inside. I sank my finger inside her vagina and fingered her quickly, matching the speed of her stroking hand. 

She was breathing very heavily and telling me to go faster. I wondered if she had ever masturbated before or had someone finger her before. After a few minutes, we heard Sammy yell down the stairs, "Hey, What are you guys doing down there?"

Both of our bodies froze, stopping in mid-action, neither of us replying. A few seconds later we hear footsteps coming down the stairs. It was dark so we could not tell who was coming down into the basement. We saw a shadow in the doorway and both grabbed the bed sheet, pulling it over our naked bodies. 

"Hey. Whatcha doin?" we hear Destiny ask as she jumps onto the bed, between our feet.

"We were trying to sleep until you came down here making a lot of noise and jumping on the bed." Becca says with the a tone of disdain in her voice.

"Oh, I am soooooo sorry." Destiny says, being sarcastic. "I will let you two sleep then. Hmm who's clothes are these on the floor?" she asks rhetorically as she leaves the room.

We wait a few minutes to make sure that Destiny truly left the basement and went upstairs before we begin making out once again. When Becca reaches for my dick once more, I grab her hand and say, "Here, let me show you how to do it. Go slower and don't grip so hard."

I show her how to stroke me and then slide my head down to her breasts, placing my lips over her nipple. Her areolas are puffy like a volcano. I suck on her nipple as I stroke her inner thighs and outer labia. She is grinding her groin against my fingers, trying to get me to go faster and apply more pressure. 

I slide back up her body and whisper into her ear, "Just lay back and let me please your body. Trust me, I will give you what you want."

She pulls my face toward her and our lips lock. I slide two fingers inside her vagina, curling the tips of my fingers and begin pushing them in and out of her. The feeling of her grinding against my fingers makes me imagine her hips grinding against my dick.

I am losing my mind, unable to believe this beautiful girl, who is also a great friend of mine, is naked in bed with me. I slide down between her legs, spreading them wide. She reaches down and starts pulling my by my chin as she asks, "What are you doing?"

I push her hands away then say, "Just sit back and enjoy."

Her hips are grinding against me finger and I can tell she is getting really excited. Wanting to taste her sweet nectar, I pin her hips to the bed and bury my face between her thighs until I feel her body shuddering. Her sexy moans and groans drive me wild. After she comes down from her high, I slide on top of her body and press my hard dick inside her while our lips become sealed together by saliva.

I woke up alone in the bed the next morning. When I made my way upstairs, I noticed that Becca and Destiny were absent from the house. When I asked Kate where they were, she said that they woke early and went home.

Every following weekend, we continued the die roll and challenge. There have been many interesting challenges, but we decided to put restrictions on the challenges. We cannot challenge another person to perform sexual intercourse on another member of our group, we cannot ask them to break a law or put their life in danger. Everything else is free game. I did not see Becca until the next Saturday and when we met it was as if nothing had happened the week before, we were back to being just friends, or so I thought.

For the last several months, the challenges have progressed to the point of people running down the streets naked through the snow, two girls having to make out with each other, having girls perform a hand or mouth job on me and vice versa, having to say or do weird things to strangers or eating/drinking some gross combination of foods/drinks. Each week seems to get tougher and tougher to the point that we will eventually have to stop the game before it becomes too much.

As I was saying at the beginning, I roll my die and pray for a six, unfortunately I roll a 3. Kate and Sammy both roll a 5, Destiny a 6 and Julie rolls a 5. It is Becca's turn to roll and she also rolls a 3. I state that we need to roll again to see who has the lowest, but Kate and Sammy protest, stating that we both rolled the lowest so we both have to fulfill the challenge.

It has been noticable lately that Becca and Destiny both have a crush on me. I have avoided addressing the situation because I don't want to drive a wedge between their friendship. The other girls, however, find it fun to manipulate the situation. Against Destiny's will, the girls collectively decide that Becca and I have to spend the night naked and please each other sexually, but we are not allowed to give the other person an orgasm. The only way we can achieve an orgasm is if one of the other girls gives either of us an orgasm. To make sure that we do not masturbate, we are assigned a "buddy" who will shadow us for the night.
