 Let's start by describing the ladies in this story. Linda is a gorgeous 26 year old blonde. Big blue eyes and full " Angelina Jolie " lips. Petite body with wonderful 34c boobs. Flat stomach and a sexy round firm ass.

My wife Sandra is a very stylish and beautiful 39 years old. Dark long hair and sensual brown eyes. Full 36c boobs topped by big round nipples. She is tall with the body of an athlete. 

Linda works for me in a family business where my wife is also involved. I have a very close relationship with Linda. I am almost a father figure. I say almost as some of the things she has shared with me in the past will be too much information for a father. I have to be honest that I find her very desirable but a bit out of my league.

Still can't figure out how it got to it but Linda told me that she has sexual feelings towards Amy. I was pissed off at first but mostly because she didn't have the same feelings towards me. I knew that she had some bi experiences in the past and although she loves sex with her husband she really enjoyed being with a woman.

I didn't think much of it until I brought it up during a love making session with my wife. Our lovemaking has been very lame for quite a while now but when I brought this up everything changed. She was excited and responsive . I have to admit that the whole idea got me going as well.

Linda's name came up during sex almost every time since then and yes, our sex life improved considerably.

I was thinking of arranging something and although Linda said she would be game I didn't know how to get Sandra involved. I think that's the whole reason why Linda told me about her fantasies in the first place. Although I used the fantasy in bed I dropped the idea of arranging a get together between the two beautiful ladies. 

Our firm was invited to a conference by one of our suppliers and we decided to take Linda with as she was running the sales division. 

The ladies looked gorgeous and they received their fair bit of stares from the men and some woman as well. Linda was wearing a pencil skirt and a button up white blouse with the top buttons undone showing of her wonderful cleavage. Sandra was wearing one of her long flowing dresses with a plunging neckline that showed a fair bit of skin. I felt good walking next to them.

As Linda has a very jealous husband she had to be back early so after the conference we only had a few drinks and fell in the road.

I heard Linda taking a call in the back seat. It was her husband informing her that he will most probably be pulling an all nighter as he had a contract to complete. I wasn't surprised when Sandra suggested another drink on the road. She doesn't drink that much but when she gets started she is difficult to stop.

We stopped at a restaurant a few kilometres from our home. As we were close to home I ordered a round of shooters and we sat down at a table in the corner away from the other patrons.

We chatted about the conference and the new products that will certainly increase our revenue. We were all relaxed and the girls mostly chatted about woman stuff. Fashion and shit that I have no interest in. I was looking at images on a TV screen across the room. I was an old world cup rugby game. I wasn't really listening to what the ladies were talking until I heard the magic word. 

"Fantasy "I was all ears after that. Sandra was mentioning a fantasy that she had about outdoor sex. I knew about this particular fantasy but I was surprised that she would share it with Linda. I felt a wicket streak and asked; 

"So what fantasies do you have, Linda? "

She was blushing bright red as she knew what I was talking about. Sandra kicked me under the table but I was on a roll. 

"So Linda, Are you going to share?" I asked.

Linda stammered something about bondage or shit. Sandra changed the subject sensing Linda's distress.

I felt wicked and kept the shooters coming. They were getting more than tipsy and somehow the conversation always came back to sex. 

I excused myself to go to the loo. When I returned I could feel a change at the table. Linda was looking at me with fire in her eyes. 

"I can't believe you told her!" she spat at me. 

"Hey wow! What did I do wrong?" I said.

The woman was ganging up against me as Sandra took Linda's hand telling her that I was an ass but not to worry she saw it as a huge compliment.

This changed everything. They totally ignored me as they started discussing intimate fantasies. Linda told Sandra about the lesbian fling she had with her friend Mandy and how much she enjoyed it. Sandra told her about the lesbian experiences that she had and even about a threesome we had with another guy.

This was getting very interesting. The girls were touching each other on the arm or the knee to actuate a point.

I was really feeling like the third wheel. I stood up to get closer to the rugby game and to smoke a cigar. I sat down at the bar with a view of the table. They were laughing, chatting and I could see a few naughty glances at me along the way.

I was a bit scared of drinking and driving but it didn't stop me from ordering shooter after shooter for the ladies. When Sandra almost stumbled on the way to the loo I decided that it was time to leave. I returned to the table asking for the bill. Linda was still blushing when she told me; 

"She feels the same." 

I was acting dumb as I asked;

"Feel the same?" 

"You know," she said. 

"O about that? "I answered.

We didn't have time to continue as Sandra returned. She complained a bit that we had to leave but I convinced her. I opened the door for Linda and walked around the car to open the door for Sandra.

She surprised me by opening the back door and climbing in next to Linda.

I drove of changing the mirror so that I had a clear view of the back seat. Sandra lay down on Linda's lap. Linda sat quietly for a while looking at me in the mirror. It looked as if Sandra was sleeping and Linda brought her hand to her face to remove a hair strand that was falling over her face.

When she removed her hand Sandra took it and brought it back to her face kissing it softly. Linda bent down to kiss Sandra on the forehead. Sandra turned her head so that the kiss landed on her lips. Linda pulled back suddenly unsure but Sandra pulled her head down kissing her. Linda looked up at me. I was definitely not a welcome spectator.

Sandra didn't care as she came up taking Linda in her arms kissing her and soon the ladies were exploring each other's mouths. I was obviously getting a massive hard on and I was battling to concentrate on the road. The ladies kissed almost devouring each other. Sandra started unbuttoning Linda's blouse. Kissing her naked flesh as she did so. I could see Linda's breast covered with a very sexy push up bra come into view. 

"What a glorious sight! " I thought.

Linda again looked at me and I saw the lust in her eyes. She was past caring now as she shrugged off the blouse. While kissing Sandra she pulled her dress from her shoulders down to below her breasts. 

My wife didn't have to stand back for any girl. Her beautiful breast covered with a shear bra came into view. Her nipples were standing erect pushing through the bra. Linda kissed her at the top of her beasts and then she took one of her nipples into her mouth sucking at it through the bra. 

Sandra was moaning softly. She has always loved it when someone plays with her breasts. Linda moved to the next nipple. Taking it into her mouth while kneeing her other breast and gently stroking her nipple. I had to adjust my position as my hard on was starting to get very uncomfortable.

I couldn't wait for this to continue and I played it safe by taking the long route home. Linda pulled Sandra's bra down exposing her beautiful breasts. She bent down again taking a nipple in her mouth. Her small mouth and full lips looked beautiful with my wife's big nipple in her mouth. Sandra's hand moved down towards Linda's legs.

She started stroking the inside of her thighs getting closer to her panty line. Both girls were moaning and I wished that I had a bigger mirror. 

I could see Sandra's hand move underneath Linda's skirt. Both girls were moaning but this came to an abrupt stop when I went off the road almost hitting a tree.

"Take us home," Sandra said sitting up.

They sat holding each other but both looking at the road as I drove home.

They ignored me when we stopped at home. They were holding hands as Sandra led Linda up the stairs to the main bed room.

I locked up and followed them upstairs. 

They were on the bed kissing. Linda's bra was removed and Sandra was just in her thong. What a beautiful site. I have always wondered what Linda's breasts look like and I was not disappointed. She has large and full breasts with small pointed nipples.

I moved closer and as they were ignoring or not even seeing me I sat down on a coach making myself comfortable for the show.

"Get out!" Sandra shouted.

I looked at her shocked and almost pleadingly.

"Get out," she said again.

That was my cue as I stood up and walked out the door.

I walked down to the den all the time thinking what was going on upstairs.

It waited ten minutes before I decided. 

"Fuck this!"

I stood up and pored each a drink.

I walked up the stairs with almost a fearful feeling.

"What do you want?" Sandra asked not to friendly.

"Drinks for the beautiful ladies" I answered with a very dry mouth.

"Come in," came the answer I was waiting for.

I was trembling when I walked in.

They were both under the covers but at least smiling thankfully.

The cover fell off a bit showing one of Linda's glorious breasts when I handed her drink to her. She quickly covered herself again.

I tried not to look, rather looking Sandra in the eyes.

It was the cleverest move I made in my life as I saw her eyes softening.

I turned around walking out hoping to be called back.

I was not disappointed.

"Grant," Sandra called.

I turned around and couldn't keep the smile of my face.

Sandra put her drink down and softly kissed Linda when she took her drink from her hand.

She slowly peeled the covers off exposing Linda's beautiful breasts not taking her eyes of mine.

She softly bit her nipple sucking it into her mouth.

"Fuck baby, that is so nice," Linda moaned with her eyes closed.

She tried to cover herself blushing but Sandra took her hands away kneeing her other breast.

Sandra looked up at me.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked.

"O yes!" I answered.

She smiled devilishly.

"Sit down and don't move."Sandra told me.

I definitely wasn't even thinking of not listening to her command.

I sat down on the coach with more than a bit of discomfort because of my bulging hard on in my pants.

Sandra threw the covers of the bed showing me the most beautiful site in my life.

I could not help but compare the two and although Linda was in the prime of her life I could see that Sandra didn't have to stand back an inch.

Sandra is taller and with slightly bigger breasts. Her beautiful nipples were erect. She was obviously very aroused. After two kids she still has a flat tummy. Her long athletic legs were slightly spread and I could see her bald cunt.

"My God, I could see her cunt lips glistening with her juices!"

I couldn't help moving my hands down to my throbbing member proudly looking at this beautiful woman that I can call my own.

I realized how weird it is that I couldn't keep my eyes of my wife while this beautiful naked young lady was laying their looking at me. Looking for some kind of acknowledgement or compliment from my side.

"You like?" Sandra asked.

"O yes" I answered looking at her lovingly.

"Not me, her," she laughed.

I blushed and looked at Linda.

She is an extremely beautiful lady. American cheerleader types build. Not much taller than five feet with her wonderful big boobs and thin middle and her glorious ass.

Sandra moved her hand down her body. She slowly moved it from her cheek over her breasts down to her flat belly.

She looked me in the eyes as she slowly spread Linda's legs cupping her cunt.

Linda's cunt was even wetter with a small landing strip. Her cunt lips were swollen and I loved the look of them. 

They were turned in unlike Sandra's that was protruding.

Sandra kissed her while slowly stroking up and down her slit. I could see the moisture on her fingers as she spread Linda's lips.

My cock was hurting but I was too scared to spoil the moment.

They lip locked exploring each other's mouths while Sandra slowly finger fucked Linda.

A giggle came from Linda and I only later realized that she does that when she comes.

Sandra broke the kiss to bring her hand to her mouth slowly licking Linda's juices from her hand.

Linda blushed again and covered herself with a sheet.

"You are making her shy Grant" Sandra said while standing up.

She walked over to me and pulled me up.

"Maybe she will feel better if we get rid of these clothes."

"Come and help me," she told Linda.

Linda just blushed and shook her head.

Sandra looked at her with a soft look in her eyes.

"Are you alright, do you want to go home?" Sandra asked.

"No," Linda answered blushing while she threw the covers off.

She got to her knees looking at us.

"I want to stay right here," she said looking at us.

My hard on became even bigger as I looked into her beautiful lustful blue eyes.

Sandra turned to me kissing me while she took of my tie. 

I could taste Linda on her lips while she unbuttoned my shirt.

I was suddenly vainly glad about the hours I spent at the gym.

I know that I look good for my age and I felt confident while Sandra peeled of my shirt.

She went to her knees unbuckling my belt while I kicked of my shoes. 

She unzipped my pants and slowly pulled it down exposing the tent in my boxers.

I sat down removing my socks and lifting my ass to help her while she peeled my boxers off.

I know from showers that I am one of the bigger guys but I even looked bigger than normal as my stiff cock touched my belly button.

I felt good when I saw Linda's eyes go big and she involuntarily licked her lips.

Sandra kissed the tip of my painful cock and a string of pre cum formed between her lips and my cock as she stood up. I grabbed her hips trying to pull her back.

"No touching, yet," she smiled.

She touched her lips smearing it into them as she turned towards Linda.

She moved towards her stroking her lips with her own sharing my pre cum with her.

It was the most erotic site that I have ever seen. I was wishing for a camera to permanently burn the moment in history.

They were still kissing with their beautiful breasts squashing together.

I could see Sandra's wet cunt from the back as Linda moved down kissing her breasts taking each of Sandra's nipples into her mouth sucking them deeply.

"O fuck, you are doing it just right!" she moaned.

I had enough and I took my cock into my hand. I slowly spread the pre cum over the cock head while massaging my big tight balls.

Linda took control pulling Sandra back onto the bed while still sucking on her nipples.

Sandra was moaning and the obviously forgot about me as their hands were exploring each other's bodies. I could see Linda's hand move towards Sandra's cunt and I remember how small it looked.

She slowly stroked up and down her slit and for the second time that night I could see a woman's hand getting wet with female juices.

She entered Sandra with first one finger and then with another. She slowly started finger fucking her concentrating on her clit.

I could see Sandra lifting her ass and playing with her own nipples while Linda increased the tempo.

I could feel my balls tightening while I saw Sandra coming like I haven't seen her cum in years.

"O fuck, yes, yes!" she screamed.

Sandra fell back breathing heavily as Linda smiled obviously very proud of herself.

Linda looked at me and I could see that her shyness was taken over by lust.

Sandra normally only have one big orgasm a night and I felt a great loss as it looked as if she was falling asleep.

Linda looked down at her and moved closer kissing her softly on the forehead and the panting soft kisses on her lips.

She continued this until Sandra started to respond. I smiled happily as I saw Sandra's hands coming up to massage Linda's back while they were kissing.

I slowly stroke my cock while I squeezed the bottom preventing myself from coming. I stood up and moved around to the bed side drawer where Sandra keeps our toys.

I rumbled around until I found a cock ring.

Sandra looked up and told me to come closer.

She took the ring from me and took my cock in her hand and with difficulty she pulled the ring down to the base.

The veins were standing out from the base and it was almost ugly how the monster stood upright pointed at the women.

Sandra took my cock in her mouth sucking it deeply but she couldn't get close to the base.

She took my cock out and pulled Linda closer. She took my cock in her hand and slapped it against Linda's cheeks. She pushed it to her lips but pulled it away just when Linda wanted to suck it. 

She laughed when she pushed me back.

"Not yet," she said wickedly.

I groaned but obeyed and went back to my coach.

The ladies couldn't get enough of each other as they started kissing again.

Sandra turned and moved down to Linda's cunt while offering her own in a sixty nine position with Sandra on top.

"Fuck!" my cock was hurting and I could feel the depraved pain in my balls.

The girls were moaning as they licked each other's cunts. I could see Sandra spreading Linda's cunt lips and sucking her clit into her mouth. Linda moaned even louder and Sandra's moans told me that Linda was doing the same to her.

I knew that Sandra was going to take a while to cum a second time.

Judging from the juices dripping from Linda's cunt she was very close and then I heard that giggle again. I then realized that that is the sound Linda makes when she reaches an orgasm.

It was kind of funny but also very hot.

Sandra kept on licking up the juices and her face was wet and sticky. I moved closer offering my lips to Sandra.

She kissed me deeply and I loved the wonderful taste of her lips. I licked her face clean. I was savouring the delightful taste.

She pushed my head down to drink the female juices from the original container.

I loved the sleek wet feeling of the new cunt. I lapped from her asshole up to her clit feeling her shutter every time my tongue touched her clit.

Sandra pulled me up.

She kissed me and then cleaned my face the same way I did earlier.

She pushed me away and went back to eating Linda's pussy. I walked around and saw Linda sucking for all her worth.

I stole a quick feel of her breast and pinched her nipple before I bent my palm downward and entered Sandra's cunt with two fingers.

I used the old "come here" motion to find her G Spot.

Linda kept on sucking and only stopped for a few seconds to giggle again as she came.

I massaged Sandra's G Spot and with Linda's help we brought her to a massive orgasm.

She fell on top of Linda as she screamed.

I lovingly lift her up and laid her down next to Linda.

I climbed on the bed clutching Sandra to me she came down from her orgasm. 

My cock was pushed up into her crack and I could help but enter her slowly from the rear.

She pulled away.

"Wait, enough," she said.

I looked at her and then at Linda. Linda was lying back absent minded playing with her boobs while she lovingly watched the two of us.

I bent over Sandra and kissed Linda for the first time.

I immediately understood why Sandra couldn't get enough from her. She has wonderful full kissable lips.
