 Charles and I spoke off and on over the week. In one of the conversations, he had asked me what I was going to wear. I asked why and he said, "So I can select a necklace that will make you a knockout."

I told him it would be the only cocktail dress I had which was a white satin deep V front halter dress. I then heard, "Mmmm," looks awesome from here.

Saturday night arrived and I felt nervous about what he had mentioned earlier that for a few minutes I would be the center of attention being I was a Blackman.

When he arrived my nerves settled after laying my eyes on a guy that would attract the attention in white pants, a light blue shirt and a black dinner jacket, along with a small gold necklace. My mouth was hanging open when he placed his hand under my chin to close it so he could kiss me.

After we broke the kiss, he asked me to take him to a mirror, which I did. He then asked me to face it and close my eyes while he placed a gift around my neck. I felt something cold at the top of my cleavage and then felt him snap the necklace. He asked me to open my eyes. My jaw dropped again as I was looking at an aqua marine drop down pendant on a white gold necklace. There was a pearl at the junction from where the drop down jewel was connected to the necklace. Charles wrapped his arms around me and said, "It goes well on you and with the dress." Tears rolled down my cheeks. It was a good thing I was not into make-up or it would have been ruined.

We headed to the restaurant and the evening went as he had told me earlier it would. The meal, service, wines, and atmosphere were for me a fantasy like trip come true. I was feeling wonderful having tasted seven different wines during the course of the meal. 

After dinner, he asked me if I had any desires. I looked at him and said, "Yes, I would like to go to that private club of yours again."

He responded with, "Sure, let's go then. The place turned you on, huh?"

We went through the same scenarios as before to get into the place. After getting in to where the crowd was, I felt every eye in the place focused on Charles and me. It was a shock to me that very few of the girls flirted with Charles this time.

This time Leroy, Tony, and two others guys approached us. Leroy was the first to speak after they all gave Charles the high five, "Damn lady you are hotter tonight than the last time when you were in those tight fitting jeans. I hope you are going to show us some skin tonight." 

Tony said, "Don't mind him Karen, once he discovers your treasure he is off looking for new. These other guys are Roger and Jake. They also lost in that bet."

They both took my hand and leaned in for a cheek kiss. Roger then said, "Leroy I believe you are onto something. I missed the tight jeans. Well nice meeting you Karen and maybe later we can all get together for a drink."

Charles found us a table and again I was looking at my gender showing lots of skin. Before the drinks arrived Charles asked, "Do you see any of the chicks that caught your eyes last Saturday?" 

"Yes, one is on the dance floor in the green plaid skirt."

"Her name is Heather. She is dancing with Don but that is Tony's regular date."

"She to me is a hot chick."

The drinks arrived and after a sip of more wine I heard, "Karen we have not talked much about it but I have a question. Remember me saying I have many but will save them until I can see you blush? Well here is one. How BI are you? Do you have one girlfriend, several, and none, what's the scoop?" 

I did blush at the question and said, "I have one friend Charles, and we have been since high school. We see each other maybe once a month. We meet to eat, shop, party, and then sleep together. Normally is a Friday night when we get together after work so we can sleep in on Saturday."

"Thanks for being open about it. Sorry to have made you blush. Shall we dance?"

We danced about four or five songs and headed back to our table. After a few minutes, Tony comes up to Charles and whispers into his ear. Charles nods his head as if agreeing to something.

Charles took a sip of wine and said, "Karen do you remember me writing that I can take you places that no white guy can here in the city?"

"Yes"

"This is one of the places. A lot more goes on here than what you are seeing. I would like to give you a tour so you can decide if you like the place or not. First, I should warn you that once we leave this room everyone you will see will be naked. If that is going to be a problem we can skip the tour."

I sat stunned not knowing what all was to see. I said, "Can we stop the tour if it gets to be too much? With all the wine in me I might have even stripped if push came to shove,"

"Sure Karen. Let's do it that way then."

We headed back to the elevator and got off in the basement, which opened into a looker room. On one side of the room was a door marked toilets and on the other side a sign saying shower. Between some lockers a door said, pool. Charles took my hand and we walk to the door marked pool and went in. I stood with my mouth open seeing a pool that was very long and the width had four swimming lanes. There was a naked guy and gal swimming. There was a liquor bar and several naked guys were sitting there. There were tables and chairs. One table was occupied by two naked couples. Charles said, "During the week and especially after work until 8 PM the pool is used a lot."

"All I could muster up to saying was, "Wow."

We then headed back to the elevator and back up to the second floor. When we the door opened it looked like the swimming pool locker room. I frowned and Charles looked at me with a smile and said, "Yep same set up but basket ball and racquet ball." We walked into the gym but now one was doing basketball and two guys were in shoes/socks on the racquet court with jock straps. I had to snicker.

Charles took me by the hand and we headed up to the third floor. The door opened into a sports bar. It was being used by many and was loud because of the different games and people's involvement with yelling and shouting. The place was huge with every sport imaginable being viewed. People were all naked and lots of hand activity but no mouth or other. 

Charles took me to the end of the room and we walked along an outer wall. We came to a hallway and turned into it. It looked like a hotel corridor with rooms on both sides. We walked into one. It had a red light on for atmosphere, a shower, and toilet and a heart shaped bed with mirrored walls and ceiling. Charles said some of the rooms had Jacuzzis. He also indicated that these rooms were for members and their guest when the need for privacy was needed. He mentioned that the club discourages open sex.

We headed back to the elevator and the door opened on the sixth floor. It looked like a hotel corridor again. Charles indicated these were huge rooms for orgies and group sex. I heard, "I need to show you something else so we can skip the rest of this floor and come back later."

"Are you saying I'm going to have group sex or an orgy tonight?"

"No, no, Karen, I meant another time."

"You scared me for a second."

"Sorry about that."

We then headed to the elevator and went to the fifth floor. When the door opened, I was looking at three gynecologist tables, set up side by side. I looked at Charles and he said, "Let's sit and let me explain."

Sitting was along all walls except for the elevator and a couple of emergency exists. Sitting down felt like being in an overstuffed chair. The seating alternated between red and black along the walls. One wall was red seating the next black, then red and then black. Near the floor Charles pulled out a tray were drinks could be placed. Charles then said, "The girls in the uniform down stairs that you saw are members. They become members by going through an initiation rite every six months."

I am sitting there listening as other people begin to arrive. Mostly guys carrying drinks and being loud.

Charles continued by saying, "To become a member a girl lets herself be screwed by ten guys. They can either cum in the condom or pull it off and make a deposit any place on her body except her face. A guy cannot take more then ten minutes to get off. He loses his place and it counts as a screw for the girl. The girl has four hours maximum to take care of the ten. This gives her time to do private things but she cannot clean any cum from her body in the process."

I'm sitting there flushed, hot and red from listening and seeing these guys coming into the room.

The next thing I heard was, "Do you have any desire to stay and watch three girls become members tonight? Remember Tony's girlfriend on the dance floor? She will be re-initiated tonight. If you go up there and eat her to a come, it will count as a screw for her and besides there is no time limit for you eating her. It can only stop when the person receiving the oral treatment says to stop. She may desire more than one cum.

My nips got rock hard and I got light headed as blood rushed to my pussy hearing what he had said. It had to be all the wine I had been drinking.

I was startled when the lights went down in the room and spotlights highlighted the tables. Charles asked me to relax. He wrapped his arm around me as we leaned back into the seat and I heard, "Ladies, gents and guests. Welcome to our 20th initiation for the membership. Tonight Erin and Heather are up for re-initiation and Jill is here for her first time. To save time, host can explain the proceedings to their guest and we will get started. The rest of you know what's up; girls into position and start the clock."

Three naked girls came out of the darkness and placed themselves on the tables. Jill took the center table. They all had nice bodies with blond hair and tall. Their breasts were average to above average. I would have traded mine for anyone of them. Two were bald and Jill had a landing strip on her mound.

My heart was beating a mile a minute and my hands were clammy. Charles was holding one and said, "Relax Karen. We can go anytime you desire."

Three guys then came out of the dark, naked, already hard and with condoms. They all walked to the tables, lifted the girl's legs, pulled their butts to the edge and inserted their weapon and went to work. Soft music was playing and my heart was pounding. Jill let out with, "Ohoo," as the guy buried his cock in one push.

Charles leaned into me and said, "She must have been a tad dry being her first initiation and maybe a little scared."

The guy doing Heather was the first to growl and stiffen, pulling Heather tight to him as he unloaded. Erin's guy pulled out, ripped the condom off, walked to the side of the table, and sprayed her tits with his juice. By then, another guy was into Heather and the guy doing Jill stiffened and fired.

I continued sitting there staring. Some drinks had arrived and I gulped it down in a swallow, my mouth was so dry. Seeing live sex was getting to me. The guys sitting around waiting their turn or voyeurs like me were shouting words of encouragement and other comments from time to time at their buddies.

The initiation continued and the room smelled of sperm. I was getting horny. I heard Jill go, "Oh yes," as her body spasmed with the pleasure waves rolling through her.

Seeing her convulse made me hornier. Charles must have sensed it and began to massage my right breast with the arm he had around me using his left arm, placing it on flesh under the dress. I had no bra on. It felt so good and made me hornier for him and his cock.

I leaned back, closed my eyes, and inhaled the aroma of the atmosphere and just let blood flow to my pussy to make me want Charles that much more.

I heard another pleasure sound from center stage. Charles said that Heather was cumming. I opened my eyes and saw her convulsing on the table. I turned to Charles and said, "Can I eat her?"

He dropped my boob and said, "Let's make a move before the guy pulls out."

We approached the table. Heather had her eyes closed and was working her breasts with her hands. Charles and the guy gave each other the high five as the guy pulled out from Heather. I was turned on by Heather's swollen pussy lips, all glistening with her secretions, shaven bare and her clit asking for attention. 

I heard, "Go for dessert Karen." 

Charles pulled a padded kneeler from the table. I knelt, and then wrapped my arms around Heather's legs that were dangling over the edge after the guy pulled out, used my fingers to open her lips more, smelled her nectar, and buried my face onto her playpen. 

She let out a moan of pleasure as my tongue contacted the clit. I heard people clapping in the background. Who for or what for I had no idea. 

As I was eating Heather, Charles stepped behind me, untied the knot so the top of my dress fell, exposing my breasts as his hands encased them. I wanted Heather to cum so I concentrated on her clit and getting my tongue into her honey-hole from time to time. 

Charles whispered, "Finger fuck her." I did as he suggested. With the fingers and tonguing, Heather lifted her legs so she could put her feet on the table and hump.

I was shocked, in less than a minute of placing her feet on the table she was humping my fingers as if they were a cock and I heard, "Oo...Ooooo...Ooooooo...Oh,Noooooo!"

With the "No," I was rewarded with a spray of fem juices. I jerked back as another wave hit me in the face and then another. I then realized my fingers were still in her. As she convulsed she was fucking herself with them causing her to orgasm more. I pulled my fingers away and reburied my face for gentle licks and strokes of her tender clit. Here panting and chest heaving was obvious to anyone in the room.

She recovered, lifted herself up on an elbow, and said, "I am sorry. I have never done that in my life. Please don't be mad at me."

"If I was mad I don't think I would have gone in for seconds."

We both laughed and I heard Heather say, "Judges, time out while we go freshen up. Come with me, my god what is your name?"

We both laughed and heard Charles say, "She is Karen."

We then heard, "Heather, you may shower with your new friend. Be back in 30 minutes please so we can stay on schedule."

Charles handed us both towels. He whispered, "Have fun, and I will meet you here."

In the shower, Heather and I started to kiss, then we rubbed our tits together while getting each other off with a finger and then she knelt and ate me to a cum. We finished drying, dressing and agreed to call each other to arrange a weekend of girl fun.  

When we returned to the table there was a loud round of applause. A guy was unloading onto Jill's mound and another guy was stiffening in Erin's pussy. Heather gave me a kiss and hopped up on the table, gave me a wink and said, "Five more to go."

Charles was waiting and grinning. He offered his hand to me and asked, "Any comments?" I leaned on his shoulder and said, "Yes, fuck me."

I heard, "Sure babe let's go do it."

As we walked out, I heard many guys shout, "Become a member Karen that was awesome to watch." 

We headed to the elevator. When the door opened, we were on the ground floor. I looked at Charles with a puzzled look thinking he was going to take me to a room there. He read my mind and said, "I have something else for you to experience tonight. I said I would be treating you like a queen."

"What is it now?"

"You will see soon, just rest, and relax. Is that the first time a girl has sprayed her juice for you?"

"Yes Charles it was. I did it once to my girlfriend when we were in college. It scared the pee out of both of us when it happened. It feels like an explosion, trying to relive the tension in one blast. I cannot explain it."

"We are here."

I looked up. It was the restaurant we were at earlier. I looked at Charles. He smiled and said, "They also have rooms. I rented one for the night."

We walked into the room and it was decorated like a brothel. I began to laugh. Charles got this big grin on his face. The walls and ceilings were all mirrored with a heart shaped bed with pink satin sheets and accessories. What really got my attention was the big, round, copper tub and a sex swing in a corner of the room. When I spotted it Charles asked, "Up for something new my queen?"

I reached for the front of his trouser, grasp the limp cock and said, "I will be up when this is up," as I gave it a squeeze. 

"Yes, my lady at your command."

Charles walked over and started the water for the copper tub. He returned to me, took me into his arms, lowered his lips to mine, placed his hands on my butt cheeks, and pulled me into his crotch so I could feel his cock expand as we tongued dueled.

It was easy for me to be out of my clothes; they just dropped off. With no bra and not putting my panties back on at the club, I was ready for action. Charles laughed as he was struggling to get his off. I walked over and climbed into the tub. It was funny. There were no corners. Soon Charles joined me with a semi-hard cock. It had deflated a tad as he was undressing. 

I asked him to stand in front of me in the tub. I took the cock into my hand to get a real good look at it. 

As I looked at it and felt it, blood was filling it up. It did not look that thick but my canal must be extra small. Will I have problems when a baby wants out?

Charles leaned on the edge of the tub with his hands and made no moves to sit or move other wise. When it was hard, I pulled on it to get it closer to my face. I felt and lifted his balls with my other hand. I began to stroke his cock while massaging his balls. I did not look at all into his face.

I have never before seen a guy's pre-cum show but was watching Charles developing at his cock eye. When the drop was large, I pulled his cock closer to my mouth. I made a point of my tongue, lifted it off, and swallowed it. I kept up the slow stroking as more developed. I decided I would just open my mouth, lay the head on my tongue, and stroke him until he fired. When I felt some small hip movements, I stroked faster. He became harder. My hands still were softly massaging his balls. 

I watched and felt his balls draw up, heard him inhale and then felt the blast of warm nut juice hit the back of my throat. I closed my mouth quickly around and sped up the stroking as the remaining five volleys fired. Charles was panting. I sucked on him until I felt some softening. I pulled his cock out. He lowered his body slowly, kneeling on top of me. We starred at each other until we busted out laughing.

I then said, "Charles, please sit and as soon as your weapon is ready I want to kneel and ride it."

In response I heard, "Yes my queen and while I am rejuvenating tell me your feelings and emotions about the club."

"Charles, can we cut the bull and you just ask me right out if I want to become a member or consider it or have no interest."

"Damn Karen when I think I know you I find out I don't. Maybe that is another attraction of yours; full of surprises. Since you read my mind what is an answer?"

"Explain the benefits of a member."

"Well no dues, drinks are free. A guy cannot refuse a request from you to be screwed. You can refuse a guy. The request needs to be honored within three hours or he losses his membership. 

"Every six months ten cocks in four hours as you saw tonight and the opportunity to swing with no impediments. Your name goes up on a board a week before becoming a member or to be re-imitated. Guys interested place their name in a fish bowl. You draw the names. Names left over are used the following time until the fish bowl is empty. Guys can change their minds and have their name withdrawn and no names can be added.

"All the guys know the girls are free to pick and choose on the floor. There is one covenant and that is every time you come with your date you must let two other guys do you before you leave. They each have 90 minutes with you and both lower orifices are to be available to them."
