 Jill hesitated for a moment as she stepped through the door. Going into the dimly lit restaurant from the piercing sunlight outside was like walking into a black cave. Slowly, the tint on her glasses adjusted, and she made her way to the desk.

"Bonjour Madam, table for one?" asked the maitre d' in a thick French accent.

"No actually, I'm supposed to meet a couple of gentlemen here," replied Jill, her eyes scanning the patrons for familiar faces.

"Ah, c'est bon, they are expecting you," and with a wave of his hand, showed her to the table.

Alex and Jeff stood to greet her as she walked over, her stiletto heels announcing her arrival as they rapped on the tile floor. Jill acknowledged them both with a firm handshake, and proceeded to pull out the documents from her briefcase. A round of drinks was ordered as they hammered out the last of the fine points. Alex and Jeff were in land development, and Jill had been trying for months to nail them with a closing date for a lucrative piece of property she was brokering in the city. Today was the day, and as the afternoon crept on, through lunch and more drinks, every minute detail was scrutinized. All three of them were perfectionists in their fields; none could afford to fail.

Finally, the deeds were signed, and Jill excused herself from the table to freshen up. Standing in front of the mirror in the ladies' room, she checked herself out as she stroked on her lipstick. With dark auburn hair spilling over her shoulders, laser-like green eyes, and a well-kept body, she wasn't doing too badly for 40. She smiled, flirting with the reflection. The drinks she'd been nursing throughout the day had melted away her usual cold and calculating persona, and her mind started drifting back to the two men back at the table.

God, what she would give to get laid. It had been so long she wondered sometimes if she was going to regain her virginity. She shook her head, chuckling at herself. "Jeezuz girl, get your mind outa the gutter," she thought. Still though, either one of them would do nicely. Alex was a little older than her, but with a nice build, and a very commanding presence. Jill felt her nipples stiffen as she imagined the feel of his beard on her neck. As her fingers lightly trailed over her blouse, her thoughts turned to Jeff. Young, energetic, with a headful of tousled hair, she'd love to get her hands on that boy. "What the hell," she mused, "maybe I can get one interested in more than real estate." She undid the top buttons of her blouse, revealing a tantalizing shot of her cleavage, fluffed her hair a bit, and headed back to the table.

Their business concluded for the day, the trio settled back with some light bantering while they finished the last of their drinks. Jill had noticed both men getting a little uncomfortable since her return, and decided to play it up just a bit. She shifted in her chair, crossing her legs and letting her skirt ride up just enough that the top of her stocking showed. In an exaggerated move, she leaned forward to pick up her cocktail, watching out of the corner of her eye as the guys gazed down her shirt. 

"I for one, have had enough of this place. I'm staying in a room upstairs that's much more comfortable, if you two would care to join me there," offered Alex, in a perfect gentlemanly manner.

Jill was a little put out when Jeff agreed, though she didn't let it show. Shit, how was she going to get lucky with both of them there? They ambled out of the dining room to the elevators, Jill following just behind them. She could hear low whispers being exchanged, but couldn't make out what was being said. Maybe there was hope after all, maybe they were deciding who'd leave.

Alex unlocked the door, and swinging it open, stepped back to allow his companions entry. The 'room' as he'd put it, was actually the penthouse suite. Spacious, and beautifully decorated, it definitely suited a man of his stature, thought Jill, as she kicked off her spikes and felt her toes sink into the luxuriously plush carpet. Funny, she'd just spent the last 3 hours with these men, and now, she was just a little nervous, a little unsure of herself. She stood there, not really knowing what to do, waiting for someone to say something. 

Jeff broke the ice first. "How about a drink to celebrate finalizing this contract?" 

Alex smiled in agreement, and pulled out a bottle of chilled champagne from the icebox of the built-in bar. He passed glasses of bubbly to Jeff and Jill, and raising his own glass, offered a toast. "To a successful business venture, may there be many more." 

As Jill sipped her wine, she felt a warm glow flush over her body. She looked up from her glass and saw both men staring intently at her. The mood in the room had changed.

Jeff set his empty glass on the counter. "You know, you're a very attractive woman. I don't think you have that quality appreciated anywhere near as much as you should." As he whispered the words to her, his fingers, still deliciously cold from the wine he'd held, slipped along her throat. 

Jill's eyes closed, mesmerized by the feel of his hand on her. He let one finger trail over the exposed flesh of her cleavage, and Jill immediately reacted, thrusting her chest towards him. Jeff took his time, undoing each button in agonizingly slow succession. She felt her skirt being lifted, and the cool air that kissed the bare skin of her buttocks was quickly replaced by the warmth of another pair of hands caressing them. A soft moan escaped her, as she was overwhelmed with the sensations of both men undressing her. 

Piece by piece, her clothing fell to the floor in a pile at her ankles, as two sets of tongues and fingertips traced over her skin. The effect made her half-crazed with desire, she could hear herself whimper as though her voice belonged to someone else. The heat of her need soon spilled past the sides of the black thong she wore, and she could feel her thighs becoming warm and slick. Her knees started to buckle, as she felt both of her breasts lifted to eagerly awaiting warm mouths, tongues swirling madly over her engorged nipples. No longer able to stand, she slowly sank to the carpet.

Alex knelt beside her, as Jill lay prone on the floor. He leaned over and kissed her, his tongue plunging past her lips, his hands kneading her firm breasts. She could feel her knees being bent and her legs spread wide, as Jeff, now naked, took his position. 

Alex backed away for a moment to remove his own clothing, and thru half open eyelids, Jill watched as Jeff traced his fingers down her inner thighs. She gasped as he allowed one finger to slip over her soaked thong and press hard against her. Snickering to himself, he pulled it away, enjoying the frustrated little noises escaping Jill. Alex lay on his side next to her, propping himself up on one hand to have a better view of her. He slipped his free hand through her hair, and guided her inviting red lips toward his groin. Jill still gasping, her eyes closed, felt Alex's stiffness being thrust into her mouth. She suckled at him, straining to take as much of his swelling as she could. She would have screamed if she could, as Jeff dragged his fingers once again over the drenched material of her thong. He slid his hand up to find hers, and wrapping his fingers around her wrist, pulled it down toward her crotch. His hand held tightly over hers, he forced her to rub herself, touch herself. 

"We like to watch, make yourself cum," he said, his voice low with raw hunger. Jill could feel him throbbing against her, just at the point of entry, and tried to wiggle a bit closer. Jeff backed up just enough that she couldn't reach. "No you don't. I said, make yourself cum," he demanded.

Desperate for release, aching to feel herself filled, she dutifully obeyed him, and slowly began to stroke over her panties. Jeff pulled them to one side, exposing her. Jill slipped her fingers over her pouty wet lips, trying to still concentrate on giving Alex pleasure. His moans gave her every indication she was succeeding. She slowly rubbed over her swollen clit, her hips lifting from the floor, as she sought out Jeff. Alex let out a loud groan, pulsating with his own climax, and Jill felt her mouth bathed in warmth with Alex's seed being pumped down her throat.

Momentarily sated, he sat back to watch Jeff continue to toy with her. Jill, no longer being kept silent, started begging, pleading with Jeff. He relented, just a bit, running the tip of his hard shaft over her aching pussy. Jill squealed, writhing, trying desperately to get more of him. Jeff could tell she was right at the breaking point.

Swiftly, violently, Jeff buried himself into her, driving deeply, and grinding his groin against her. Jill exploded, her body wracked with spasms as she came. Wave upon wave of ecstasy coursed through her entire being as Jeff continued his invasion of her. Gripped tightly by her muscles as they contracted, he pounded her roughly, unmercifully, his hands grasping her hips for stability. With one final thrust, he began to shake, flooding her with a hot torrent from his own release. He worked her a little longer, until he was drained of everything he had to give her. Completely spent, Jeff pulled away, a satisfied look playing over his face as he lay exhausted on the rug.

Jill couldn't believe what had just happened to her. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever thought of having two men at once. Though her breathing had slowed a bit, it took a while for the room to stop spinning, as the intensity of the experience still sent tiny shudders through her. She rolled over, and very shakily got to her knees in feeble attempt to get back to her clothes.

Alex however, was now fully rested and recovered. The sight of Jill's smooth, round ass displayed in front of him, her soaked thong pulled tight over her, made him want her again. He reached out and grabbed her by the hips, preventing her from going any further. His strong fingertips sliding over her backside, he slipped her thong down to her knees and out of the way. 

Jill cried aloud as she felt Alex probing her with his fingers, exploring her dripping wet pussy both inside and out. She rested her cheek against the carpet, hypnotized by the magic in Alex's hands. Jill felt a finger slip under her chin, forcing her to tilt her head, as a velvety tip pressed against her lips. Jeff was knelt before her, uncomfortably swollen again. Alex watched intently over her shoulders, trying to time everything perfectly, rubbing his painfully rigid shaft over her pussy. Her cheeks still numb from accommodating Alex earlier, Jill hesitated, but Jeff was insistent, pushing harder and harder against her mouth until she finally opened up and took him in. 

At that precise moment, seeing his friend's success, Alex plunged himself into her, making the invasion of Jill's body a complete one. All Jill could do was make tiny whimpers, as she was repeatedly driven from both ends. Reaching around, Alex toyed with her clit as he stroked back and forth, while Jeff pressed his fingertips over her breasts, squeezing her swollen nipples between them.

Jill hovered on the brink of insanity for a moment, the sensation of both men taking her for a second time too intense for her body to register. As the first tiny tremors began to ripple through her, Alex and Jeff continued with their tandem assault. Jill was overcome with the shock waves of her climax, her entire body convulsing, her hips grinding against Alex. He let out a roar as he took possession of her, thrusting ferociously as Jill's muscles milked the charge from him. At the same time, Jeff erupted with such force that Jill could barely contain the sudden deluge that filled her mouth. Still throbbing, pulsating, he pulled away and aimed at her heaving breasts, painting them with the last streams of his hot liquid, massaging the sticky heat into her skin.

All three collapsed, unable to move, barely able to breath. One by one, they slowly regained enough strength to get redressed. No one had the energy left to stop anyone this time.

Alex poured them each another glass of champagne, finishing the bottle off. "It's been a pleasure doing business with you, my dear. I do hope we can work together again soon," he said, as he handed Jill her wine. 

Jill smiled, glancing at both of them. Yes, she thought, there would be plenty of opportunities to work together. She'd make sure of it.

(c) Arlie MacGregor, 2003.