 As soon as Charles dropped me off at my place after we had taken brunch at the restaurant/hotel complex, I rushed to call Heather. From the sounds of her voice, I woke her up. I said, "I'm sorry for waking you. I just got in and was so anxious to talk with you. I forgot about looking at the time. I'm Karen; God my mind is shut down."

"I was hoping you would call. Thanks for the treat last night. I am already hoping we can get together soon. Did you and Charles enjoy the rest of the evening? I think he is one of the better lovers at the club. Are you going to become a member? I hope you do. We can play a lot together there and I will introduce you to twenty more like us."

"Heather, there are some things I need to chat with you about before deciding whether to become a member or not. When are you free so we can meet for a few hours?"

"I was going to go to the club later but would rather come to your place or you can come here. When will you be free?"

"I am free now and do want to discuss something. Where do you live?"

Heather told me and I said, "How about coming to my place first. You pass it on the way to the club. If you still desire to go there from here, it will be a snap. I was hoping you would spend the night with me."

"I think I can manage that Karen. Give me three hours and your address."

I did as she requested and hurried myself doing some laundry and housekeeping.

The phone rang and I heard, "Hi Karen, I'm about five minutes away. See you shortly."

"Drive careful and if you get lost call me back and I will direct you."

"I'm out front now."

We both laughed as I walked to the door to let her in. We shut the phone covers and hugged tightly for a while just relishing the closeness we had established last night.

"Make yourself at home Heather. Follow me to the kitchen and let's get something to sip and nibble on. I need to talk before I can relax and I think you can be of immense help."

"You make it sound so serious. Does it have to do with Charles?"

"Well yes and no. Jeez, that does not make any sense. It has to do with the membership stuff at the club. Charles wants me to become a member and I sort of want to because it looks like fun but when he told me the requirements, I froze. I know guys like to do girls in the ass but..."

"I know where you are headed Karen. Let's get that drink and then talk."

We both selected diet soda and popcorn. We headed to the sofa to be comfortable and discuss my issue.

When we got seated Heather said, "It was the same for me Karen when my boyfriend took me there and then asked me to become a member. I was so skittish about doing it there not only from the hurting but the sluttish aspect of it."

"How did you get over both hurdles?"

"When I looked around at the people that are members, they are gorgeous so why should I be any different than them in having guys do the other hole. They must have overcome the same feelings I had. I accepted that and decided to find out how did they do it. I went to the club as a guest maybe five times still struggling with the issue."

"Then one night my boyfriend over did the drinks with another guy as they watched a boxing match. I was talking with the other guy's girlfriend as the two guys got hammered watching the match. They passed out on us. She and I seemed to hit it off. I felt comfortable in talking with her and I asked her just like you are asking me."

"She grinned and told me the secret. So I guess it's my turn to tell you since it worked for me."

After Heather went through the details I said, "Well I am willing to try but my mind says it will not work."

"Com'on give it a chance. I promise I will not hurt you. You control the situation. Please try and please let me be the teacher. After a lesson we can play; treating ourselves to making progress."

"Heather, I will try to be a good student and graduate."

"Do you have any ...around the place?"

"Yes, most of them."

"Are you game to start your lesson now?"

"Now! Holy cow I don't know."

"No time like the present."

Heather stood and motioned to get moving. I did, as she wrapped her arm around me and said, "Believe me in thirty minutes you will be a different person."

We gathered up the things she had asked for. I prepared myself as she had asked. I followed her instructions. The training session got underway with me going, "Oh god Heather I don't know about this."

"Relax Karen that will be it for a few minutes. Take deep breaths and I will strip and you can begin eating me to distract your mind. On second thought you can suckle my breasts and play with my kitty with your hand."

Heather stripped and I was beginning to accept what I was experiencing. 

"How you doing Karen? Before laying down I'm going to make a switch on you."

I closed my eyes, opened my mouth and went, "Ohoo."

In a matter of seconds I went, "Oh my god."

Heather's teaching was working. The distraction of playing with her at the same time was helping. She had two orgasms.

She then got off the bed, knelt and managed to use her finger to send me on a nice trip while kneeling and being initiated to different sensations. I heard, "Now you need to practice every day and in a week you will be all set with no issue of pain."

"Next time I will bring my strap-on and let you do my ass to see if we can get that slut feeling to go away. I love to have guys beg me and then think they are in control when I give in. At the club, I am hardly ever asked to do it in the ass because I have not had a baby yet so I am tight. Maybe once a month I will be asked to do it, particularly if there are three guys wanting to fill all the openings."

"Oh god Heather, Charles never mentioned that."

"It is never forced. You are invited to a party. You are free to accept or reject the invitation. Believe me they are fun and the orgasms are out of this world."

"Heather that is hard to believe."

"I know. I felt the same as you until I participated. You go from one to two, then three, then four, then five. Close your mouth Karen, you'll inhale a fly."

I was speechless hearing what she said. I asked, "Do all the girls at the club get into orgies, Heather?" 

"I would guess eighty percent do. Look, if you do not, you will never know what you are missing out on and can go on being happy. If you do then the fun is much better and you are more in control of your life."

"Heather how long have you been a member?"

"Two years and I hope to be around for another two or three. Most of us are between twenty-five and thirty-five. We are fiercely independent, open minded and most of all nonjudgmental. Care to order a pizza in; I'm starved."

"I will be happy to. What is your poison?"

After having the pizza and talking about our beginnings, we looked each other in the eyes when we had a break in the conversation and knew it was time to play.

We stood and smiled as we approached each other. We had robes on from the earlier activity. We stared each other in the eyes as we undid the other's robe. We both are identical in height for all practical purposes, which is five foot seven plus. Heather's breasts are larger than mine looking like 34D and her butt is same as mine a perfect half-globe. She looks so hot in the uniform on the dance floor at the club.

As our hands went for each other's breasts, our faces move closer for the kiss. 

We moan into each other's mouth as hands make flesh contact. Our tongues begin the deep searches and soon we need more than kissing as our pussy lips have become gorged with blood. 

We break the kiss and Heather says, "Karen, let's do each other in 69 while laying on our sides with a leg up for easy access for our face and hands."

"Sure Heather, let's have fun. I'm already leaking think about sucking you dry."

We both giggle as we headed to the bedroom. We dropped the robes, embraced but with one hand going to the pussy of the other for some clit teasing along with some minor kissing. It was difficult to keep mouth contact with our clits ready to explode.

We positioned ourselves on the bed. We each raised a leg and admired the view. 

Heather's lips were swollen and her secretions were visible as tinny droplets on the insides. Her clit was exposed with a nice rounded head.

"Heather your juices are an aphrodisiacs for me."

"I feel the same about yours Karen. I'm so glad you found the courage to introduce yourself to me on the table last night. That was the best ever and only time for me in doing that. Thanks a million."

I took a finger and traced the outline of her lips, collect her honey as I moved from top to bottom and bottom to top. I then cleaned my finger and repeated the movement by going deeper into Heather's gash. Heather was mimicking me. When I was at the clit I placed my index finger on the bud and rolled it in circles on her pubic bone. I heard, "Oh, Mmmm...mmm." I moved my face closer and blow hard on Heather's clit after removing my finger. 

I moved all the way in and sucked her clit with my lips while moving a finger into her hot hole in search of her G-spot. Her tight pussy was trying to clamp my finger. I slipped a second in to give the muscle something to grip onto.

I found heather's G-spot when I heard, "Yes, there, there, oh yes." I then used my tongue on her clit which elicited, "Oh Karen, you eating me this way is so gooooooood, Oh god."

Her finger found my G-spot and I was humping for more pressure and action.

We kept building with the sucking, slurping and faster finger thrusting. We no longer chatted. We moaned our appreciation as we continued building each other up for an orgasm. Just from the pace of things, girls can tell when another girl is close. Heather's juices were warm and flowing like a river in the spring. The aroma was overpowering. I stiffened and began to moan on her clit as my orgasm was over taking me. 

Out of my mouth came, "Oh my god, Ohooooooooo," as my anal opening experienced a finger going in, doubling the intensity of the orgasm. 

When I had calmed a little, I heard, "Do me that way Karen, push me over the edge."

I felt for her ring making sure my finger was well lubricated and when she was close to cumming, I shoved the finger in and it indeed pushed her over and was rewarded again with a body in convulsions flooding my mouth with her sweet nectar. The sensations my finger received buried in her other hole was another surprise. The whole body must get into the orgasm action.

We flipped onto our backs and enjoyed the glow we both were experiencing. 

Heather recovered first, flipped around, looked me in the eyes and said, "I think girl induced cums are better than guys because we know our needs and can give."

"I like them both. I think the difference is that there is never a bad one from a girl. I have been doing it with the same girl since high school. What do I know?"

"You have a point there, Karen. You mean I'm the second. My god you sure have developed some good skills with your tongue and finger."

"Thanks for the complement and the finger action. I thought the top of my head was going to blow off."

"I think you sprayed a little Karen. I never have been with a girl that has but you did something a little different. There sure was a lot of juice for a second. See I told you there is a lot to this. Do you feel like a slut now?"

"No way, I feel good that I could make someone else feel good."

"See your attitude is changing also."

"I am so happy and glad you came over this afternoon. Wow, I cannot believe I have come this far. How is my grade for today teacher?" 

"Well how about a B-. I will give you an A+ when I watch Charles fuck your ass. I'll give you an B+ after you experience my toy."

"You are tough teacher but I am determined to get that A+ and what do you mean about watching Charles do my ass?"

"Well how else can I grade if I don't see the work."

We both roared and then Heather said, "Let's finish the pizza. I am starved after that work out."

We finished the pizza and discovered it was late. 

"Heather before we call it a day would you sit in my lap and let me play with your lovely breasts for a little. I wish mine were that big. I know guys tell me that mine are great for them but I always hear them when a girl goes by with bigger ones. They hoot and howl at them if in a gang."

"Sure Karen I would like that. Seems like the major difference between us is the cup size; otherwise they look pretty similar."

We made ourselves comfortable on the sofa. I massaged them and stared at them for a while before sucking on Heather's right nipple like a new born baby.

As I was massaging and staring Heather said, "This is something we girls do better than guys don't you think? Guys want to paw, pull and pinch. I like that a little but most guys think rougher is better."

"You are right on Heather. I just love lying on the bed giving myself soft massages. Lately I have been picturing Charles stabbing me at the same time. A lot of times I have to tell guys to take it easy. It seems like roughness turns guys on for some reason. I wonder where they get that notion?"

"I think they must be born with it or they have watched too much porn."

I was admiring how nice and filled up my hands were as I massaged them for Heather and alternated my sucking between the two.

"Karen your tongue attack on these nips is wanting me to get off again. You won't mind if I slide a hand down and let me bring myself to a cum will you."

"Gosh no Heather, my girlfriend Ann and I do that all the time before we use our mouths on each other to clean up the honey we generate.

Maybe you will let me sit in your lap after your cum and let me do the same with my hands as you massage my little boobs. Then we can use our tongues on each other. Ann and I think the finger action makes the next cum better when we use our tongues. Our own finger warms us up." 

Heather played with her button and soon my nose was picking up the scent of her efforts. It wasn't long after that, that she orgasmed and with her free hand placed it on the back of my hand that was on a boob and pressed it hard into her breast as the waves of pleasure surged through her body. I did not break contact until I heard, "My turn know to sit and help you enjoy a cum."

"Heather before we make the switch, just stand and bury your mound at my mouth so a can slurp some of the honey you made before you sit back down."

Heather did as I asked and she let out a nice moan as I ran my tongue over her clit picking up the lubrication she had spread around with her finger. She placed her hands on the back of my head, her head on the wall behind the sofa for support and called out, "Oh god Karen, more of that please, Oh god yeah, oh...oh...oh..." 

She gushed a nice stream of juice in no time. When she had recovered I heard, "Wow, we need to do it like this again. Okay hon, my turn to treat you. It is no wonder I sprayed you last night. Your tongue is something else. They say Charles tongue is wicked. Is it?"

"You have never experienced his tongue?"

"No just his cock. We have never dated and I guess the timing or something was not right for him to use his tongue."

"Wow that is a shocker."

We made the switch.

Our mouth/tongue technique, made us want more of each other. It is strange how seeing her on the dance floor attracted me to her.

Later in the shower, we agreed to have another session in a week. 

We both woke and prepared to get to work after having another round of 69 with Heather on top and the full finger treatment with my knees raised. I will admit to liking it and had asked her to finger fuck my ass from time to time. 

During the week, Charles and I talked but I did not mention my side activity with Heather. I was going to see how long it would be before he asks and if was very long out in time I would ask him.

We both had commitments for upcoming weekend. 

I called Heather mid-week and told her she was free to drop by anytime before Sunday if she desired. 

I put the phone down and it rang. It was April wanting to get together this weekend. My heart skipped a beat wondering how to answer her. I was wanting to use my finger on her in her back door. I decided quickly that maybe Heather would teach her like she did me and maybe we could have a three-some; like in porn movies.

"Sure, let's meet Friday night. Should we try a new place or the usual?"

I heard, "Let's meet at the usual place, it's so convenient to things. What's up since we last been together?"

I nearly died hearing the question. I replied, "Taking lessons."

"What kind of lesson.?"

"Well Ann, I answered a forwarded e-mail and ..."

"Oh my god Karen, I have soaked my jeans listening to you. If it was good for you I am sure it will be good for me. Oh my god, I will be in a state of tension now until I see you Friday."

I did not mention to Ann that it might be a threesome.

Thursday, Heather called. We chatted about my invitation to Ann. Heather indicated she would forgo the club and spend Saturday afternoon, night and Sunday with us.

Friday came quickly for me. I met Ann and she suggested forgetting about the shopping after eating and for us to go back to my place to play. We always play at my place because she is still living at home. The sex that night was more intense because of all that had happened including me exposing Ann to the middle digit of my hand. 

I was using my pinky to initiate her to the feeling there and then the ring finger to stretch her anal ring while playing with her clit for pain distraction. I moved to the ring finger after I heard her moan a little on my pinky. My finger was just inside the ring. She was kneeling on the floor, laying forward on the bed massaging her tits. It took me some time to get her to relax and a lot of lubrication even to get my pinky in. I was being turned on by doing something I considered sluttish just a few days earlier.

I decided I would take her to the edge with my ring finger in her tight hole with one hand and by playing with her clit with the other hand and resting my head on her back. I let her set the pace and when she let herself go over the edge I replaced the ring finger with the middle digit. Her head lifted off the bed, and out of her mouth came a loud, "OOOHHHHOOOOO GOD," along with a copious amount of a spray into my hand. 

I was shocked at the volume. Her body thrashed and contorted as both of my fingers working on her continued to generate feelings she had never experienced. I eased up on the stimulation before I had her raw and sore. Her arms were outstretched in front of her where her hands had made a wad of the sheet as she was griping to hold onto something as she orgasmed. As I withdrew my fingers, her body was still experiencing mini-cums. 

As she was recovering I took the hand she had wetted, smelled it and then tasted it. I was turned on by the aroma and I said, "Lie on your back Ann and let me clean you up with my tongue." I was sure she did not know she had sprayed a little.

Ann did as I asked, still dazed and panting for air. I lifted her legs so her knees were up, wrapped my arms around her thigh and slowly lowered my face to her playpen, taking in all the wetness, the aroma and color. 

I began to lick her with long licks of the tongue from the near her anal ring to near her clit. I avoided her clit.

I then heard, "My god Karen is the top of my head still attached? I'm afraid to feel. Why haven't we tried that sooner. Oh don't answer that I know the answer. From now on that will be part of our play, right?"

"Ann, Saturday Heather is coming to teach me more. She is going to bring a strap-on to do me in that tight hole. I want her to get me to a point where I can let a guy that I really care about do me there with his cock and enjoy it."
