 I work for a food distributor. There are over 800 people spread over five floors. The employee mix is our nation. You know the slogan, "Equal Opportunity Employer." 

After lunch I opened my intra-office mail and had a panic attack. The message read, "I hope soon I may sample your awesome wares at the club. It would even be better if you could show your wares to a very select group of my friends this evening at a card party I am hosting. Give me a call at --- --- ---- at 5:30 PM."

I had problems concentrating on my work, making one mistake after another that I had to do over. One of my friends asked if I was sick because I looked flush. I said, "It's the weekend so maybe some bug wants to wreck it for me."

I knew the guy' name from the mail. His department was two floors up. I had no business going to his floor even to check him out. I did look him up in the office directory and then almost died seeing he was a VP. I stewed the rest of the afternoon and the result was a big headache. Every now and then when I closed my eyes I had a tingling feeling between my legs thinking of a VP from upstairs in my pussy. I was mixed with emotions. Who else was he going to tell? Was he going to blackmail me? God I was a wreck going home that afternoon.

I knew Ann was going to be coming over because we were going to go to the club. In my rushing home I called her and told her to pick up something to eat and that something has come up that might change the night's plans. I told her it was too complicated over the phone. I stopped for some meds to take care of the pounding headache I had developed.

At the time Ike requested I called the number. He answered by saying, "Thanks Karen for calling." My mouth was dry, my heart was beating and my hands were clammy cold.

Then I heard, "I was at the club last night and saw you with pop. I could not place you at the time. This morning I did a search on our system and 50 names came up that fit the profile I entered. I then asked the computer to show me the photos. I took a double take seeing you. 

"Look sooner or later our paths would have crossed at the club. In general conversation at the club we ask were do you work? It would be embarrassing I think for you and me to meet for the first time there."

"Look we are adults. You being there told me a lot. I talking to you should tell you a lot."

"As I said in the mail, I am having a monthly card party at my place. It would please me very much if you could drop by, dressed sexy so my buddies concentrate on you and not the cards and help me win some pots. There will be six of us. Four black buddies and two white. If it makes you more comfortable bring a friend. Wear the shortest skirt you have and take off your panties when you get here. Let the guys feel you up." 

"I promise I will not let them do any more than that unless you agree first. Look we need to be judicious about this. I'm married and have a great job. I cannot and will not jeopardize it so you will be very safe here at my place. It will be as safe as the club and maybe just a bit more intimate. 

"Karen if you do elect to come by, the three other black fellows are club members also. I will introduce you as a girl I met in the parking lot at the club so there will not be a lot of questions. If they are smart enough to ask where you work, tell them the power and light company and that you take customers call about billing. 

"They will be more interested in your stats than your work place. I will tell them you are thinking of joining the club. I checked and you are not yet a member so that will not be a lie. You are thinking about it I hope."

"Knowing what pop teaches, he must be awesome from the attention he gets from ladies. I do think you have a sincere interest in the club just being with him. Are you attached to him like the other girls are; any questions?"

"Let me give you my understanding of this. I am to show up with a girlfriend if possible. You met us in the parking lot at the club. You want us to distract the guys by letting them feel us up and that is it. If we get horny we can ask them to do more or we can permit them to do more. Do I have it Ike?"

"You have it Karen."

"Ike, if I go along with this crazy idea, then the only future contact will be via phone after work or at the club with no more inter-office mail."

"I promise Karen." 

"Let me talk to a friend and I will call you back in an hour."

When Ann showed up with the food I talked her ear off while eating. We agreed to go. I called Ike and told him we would come to the card party. He gave me the directions. It was in the richest part of the city where homes start in the seven digits.

Ann and I found some black mini skirts and white halter tops. We decided to go bra-less. We put on running shoes with white ankle socks. In the mirror we looked like cheer leaders.

We arrived at his place at 7:30 PM. His mansion was five miles from my place. He answered the door. I did see him around the building in the cafeteria off and on. I at those times someone was lucky to have him from a looks point of view.

He was at least six foot, with some graying in his short curly hair. It was obvious he worked out. I think those corporate guys all try to have hard bodies these days. Very seldom do you see a beer gutted VP anymore.

We hugged and I introduced Ann. We heard, "Make yourself at home and anytime you want to leave kiss us all good night and head out. I do hope you stick around so I can win a few hands. Just drift in and out to see how things are going. Make them think you are staying the night. Watch TV, then come in and look over their shoulders, let them smell that lovely perfume; let them slide a hand up and mess around. You decide on how much messing you want them to do."

We helped ourselves to some wine and sat on the sofa with a leg under us with our shoes off and watched TV. The guys began arriving and went to the den after we were introduced. We could hear them talking about us. They all appeared to be between 45 and 50 in age. All fine male specimens to be in the sack with. My brother is built like them and he always says that he is, "A lean, mean, f------g machine." These guys fit that description.

"Karen how far are you going to let these guys go with their hands?"

"Ann if they are rough not very far. I will step away. If they are gentle then I will give them a lot of time so as to distract them for Ike's benefit."

"It was 8:30 PM. The game had been in progress 20 minutes. It was a commercial break so it did not look obvious when we walked into the den. They had a baseball game on in the den but where not too interested in it. When we walked into the den all eyes turned to us. Ike said, "Don't be bashful, stand by these guys. They won't bite. Wish them luck and you can do that for me too."

The subject of work or where Ike met us had not come up. Ann and I decided before we entered the room that we would stand next to the guy that turned us on the most so that we would become more comfortable around them but that I would give Ike a neck and shoulder massage first because he was the host.

I walked up behind Ike and rubbed his neck and worked my way to his shoulders. Jim said, "I got something in my pants that you can massage Karen."

"Take it out and let me see what you have."

My eyes bugged when he stood up and before he could get it out Ann and I ran from the room. 

It indeed was a nice black cock hanging down and looked like it might be six inches soft and it was cut. I prefer cut to uncut but at times I like to watch the head sneak out; depends on the guy. 

The guys were roaring in laughter.

We waited 30 minutes and went back into the den. 

They had a smirk on their faces so I knew some thing was up. I whispered to Karen and said, "They are up to something. Let me deal with it."

Jim said, "Why did you run off. I did not even get to show you what needs a massage."

"Jim you and all your friends I'm sure would like a massage on that thing you were going to show me."

Ann and I heard, "We sure would ladies." They said it in unison, stood up and they all were naked from the waist down. Ann's and my mouth opened. Being I did not make a hasty exit Ann hung in there and I said, "Sit guys, behave and play cards. Have your girlfriends or wives massage them when you get home."

I heard someone say spoilsport. 

I then said, "Guys close your eyes. I will give you more information in a few seconds."

I dropped my mini skirt, got on table where there was an open spot and said, "On the count of three I want you to stand, open your eyes and the first one that can get a hard-on with out touching himself will get a massage. Ann will do even numbers and I will do odd."

"One-two-three."

The chairs moved, the eyes opened and there were all kinds of explicatives. Ann and I watched the cocks. The white guys were up first. It was Randy and then Stan. Jim was the first of the black guys, Ike was second of the black guys, Earl was third and Chuck was fourth. Jim said, "Notice chicks how fast the white boys got up. That's why the shoot so fast and can not please a hot pussy. Now us black dudes are slower in everything; that's why you keep screaming and begging for more of our dark meat. You like it. Com'on now isn't that fact?

I walked on the table over to Ike, squatted and asked, "Where should Ann and I massage them?"

"Take them into the living room. There are towels on the floor behind the sofa."

Ike reached in between my thighs and used his hand to take a swipe at my pussy. I grabbed for it and whispered, "Maybe later?"

Ann and I jerked the guys to a cum in the order that they got hard. We had to make them behave while we worked on them to shoot there nut juice. 

Ann and I went back into the den. The guys were quite. Ann and I smiled at each other sensing they did not expect their smart ass antics to go as far as it did.

I stood next to Ike and Randy. Ike was the first to feel me up. I spread my legs so he could reach his target. I closed my eyes and stifled a cum, wetting his hand as he massaged the clit. He wiped his hand on my thigh before touching the cards. I looked at Ann and she must have been experiencing a cum. Her chest was heaving up and down from her breathing and she had her eyes closed.

I then stood behind Randy and massaged his neck and shoulders. He sat out a hand and reached for my pussy. I spread my legs for him. I positioned myself so his arm and hand was comfortable massaging my clit with his middle finger. I spread my legs further apart so he could manage to finger fuck me from time to time. As he got me off, I griped his shoulders hard sending the message I like it. He then turned in the chair and motioned for me to lean down so he could whisper into my ear. I whispered back for him meet me in the den in five minutes.

Ann and I took a break and left the den. 

I told Ann that Randy would be showing up and I was going to let him fuck me on the sofa and that I was going to ride him. I told her she could watch or disappear into the den again.

When she saw Randy approaching, she headed for the den.

I asked Randy to sit on the towel and I would ride him. He was semi-hard when he approached. By time he sat he was hard. Randy's cock was as large as Ike's. The other guys were smaller. I reached into my purse, pulled out a packet, opened it, took the condom out and rolled it down Randy's shaft.

"Do we need to...?"

"Yes we do or no tail for you."

"Do me babe. I want to feel that tight pussy gobbling my pussy pleaser."

I crawled into Randy's lap with my mini-skirt on, guided the rod to my already wet pussy from his playing with it a few minutes earlier, dropped on it, placed my mouth to his and moaned.

That thick, hard cock inside of my pussy, scraping the walls was making me hotter to get it on with Randy. It felt so good. My pussy muscles were gripping it tight to get all the stimulation the cock could give to the nerves. I closed my eyes as we were kissing, picturing my juices coating his black cock, giving it a nice sheen when it was exposed. I was hoping the pussy juices were coating his balls.

As we were kissing, I lowered my halter top.

When I broke the kiss so he could suckle my breasts, I saw Ike and Ann heading our way. The sucking was sending messages from my hard nipple to my pussy, "Cum, cum, cum," as blood flowed and engorged the lowers lips.

Soon Ann and I were riding the guys. Both of us had our knitted halter tops down, their hands and mouths on our tits and their hard cocks in our pussy.

Randy reached between us and played with the trigger. I pulled his face in harder to the boob he was suckling and let the orgasm charge through me. Randy broke the boob attack, lifted to push more cock into me, stiffened and growled, "UUUUmmmm," as he fired his nut juice.

I whispered into his ears as he was settling, "That was awesome for me."

As I was whispering into Randy's ear, we heard Ann and Ike cumming together."

There was a round of applause. I turned and all the other guys were standing behind us, watching the show and stroking.

Someone from the back shouted, "Do you two get it on with each other from time to time? Give us a show."

I looked at Ann, she looked at me and we shrugged our shoulders.

We got off the guys we were riding and whispered.

Ann then said, "Someone put on some music for us to dance to and we will give you a show."

I leaned into Ann and whispered more.

We heard the music, walked to each other, embraced, locked lips, and running our hands up each others skirt to pet the kitty.

We broke the kiss and started to dance around the room. We lowered our halter tops first and dances that way, shaking the breasts holding them tight together. In our socks we could almost glide on the floor as if it were ice. We did a personal dance in front of each guy and then leaned into him so he could suckle a breast for a few minutes. While they were suckling we reached down for some pussy juice and placed it under their nostrils as we backed away.

After each fellow was treated, Ann I looked and they all had very hard boners. We giggled. We then leaned into each other, locked lips, undid and dropped the min-skirt and then played with each other boobs until we needed air.

We broke the kiss and I went to grab a towel to place it on the floor.

Ann layed on her back and I got on top in 69. I heard, "Ike the hell with card games, let's do this each month if the girls are willing. Those are two hot firecrackers that you have for guest."

Ann lifted her knees so I could wrap my arms around her thighs to spread her lips. Before I lowered my mouth to block the view, I ran my index finger up and down her gash, dipping into her honey hole for juice. The guys were all yelling suggestions. It was a blur of words but I knew that they were into watching.

We brought each other to an orgasm. When we had recovered, I spun and we kissed each other. That drove the guys wild with hoots and howls.

Ike said, "Pizza will be here in 10 minutes, get presentable and we can eat. If the girls want to give out more ask them but wait until we have finished eating."

Ike came up to me asked me to step aside. I did as he asked. After talking to me in a soft tone for a few minutes, I responded with, "Ann has never taken it in that hole yet."

He then said, follow me. We went down to a recreational room and had everything from home theater, pool, a wet bar and other entertainment tables such as ping-pong. He went to a cabinet and took out a harness, reached in and brought out a dildo. My eyes stared at it as he approached me with it. 

"Karen this can initiate your friend in 30 minutes to the girth of a cock. You are her friend. She will place her faith in you. Bring her down here, have her lie on the ping-pong table or pool table and you initiate her with it by using it as a cock with lots of special lube I have for it and work with her until she is relaxed enough that you can do her as if a guy was doing her.

I took the dildo in hand. The tip was smaller than my pinky and rounded like my pinky. The length looked like ten inches. The last half of it was the same thickness which was the thickness of the larger cocks upstairs. The front half was tapered, so from front to the middle it would open the anal opening more and more.

I looked at Ike and said, "After eating I will bring her down and she what I can do. And in regard to that other topic, I will deep throat a guy at my pace. I will do his cock. He cannot do my throat because I am very new to it. I know Ann will blow a guy and not swallow. So explain that to your friends. If I can initiate Ann to the dildo then I think we both will honor your request. We both will probably be doing it at the club so why not here but ask the guys to treat us as novices and not pro's like at the club."

After eating I asked Ann to the lower level and showed her the toy and told her what the guys desired. 

She looked at the dildo and then said, "I will try Karen but you know I am scared."

"Ann we all are scared at first. I will not hurt you, you know that. We have been friends for to many years. Let's try it and see how it goes."

On a chair by the pool table was a bed comforter, the toy, the harness and the lubrication.

I dropped my robe and got the dildo and harness in place as Ann spread the comforter and dropped her robe. As she was doing that she said, "You know I should be freezing from tension but I am hot. Are you hot Karen?"

"No, not hot but excited that I can do what I am going to try with you instead of a guy. It will be something we can cherish and laugh about for the rest of our lives, unless you want a guy to do it."

"I am more comfortable with you because you will not force it, where as a guy just might; so he can feel macho."

"You have a point Ann. Well ready?"

"Yes, and I am losing that scared feeling. I want you to do it."

We kissed, pressed our boobs together and fingered each other to an orgasm, stroking the hard clits with the tips of a finger like we have 100's of times before and then broke the embraced. Ann smiled as she lowered herself to the pool table, face down, exposing her virgin hole. The table was the perfect height for me to place the tip at her opening with the dildo straight out from me.

After lubricating the pink dildo well, I placed the tip at her entrance. Ann grabbed the comforter with both hands making fists and gripping it with both hands.

I held onto the dildo with a hand to keep it positioned and used very small hip thrust to begin the penetration.

I heard, "Karen I know it's there but it is not hurting yet. A week ago this would have been revolting and disgusting. I cannot comprehend me doing this. I'm glad no one is watching this, spread out on a pool table and having my girlfriend initiates me to a toy in my butt hole."

"Well Ann, knowing these guys they probably are watching, while playing with their toy by a video camera hidden somewhere in the room."

"Oh god, I forgot about that. Well too late now at least they are not here. Karen that is feeling like a fist is there. How much have I taken?"

"Just a little bit Ann, a long way to go yet. Close your eyes and listen to the music for some distraction and I will take my time. If it hurts ask me to slow down until your ring relaxes to take more."

Over the next 30 minutes there were times I heard, "Hold it there, don't move. Oh god no more. Take it out. Let's stop this. How much more Karen? My god it feels like a baseball bat is there. I'm glad it's you; if it would have been a guy I would have been screaming for sure."

The dildo finally was at the point where her ring could not be stretched any more.

"Ann it is all in. Take a deep breath and I will fuck you like a guy for a few minutes, then pull it out and reinsert it as if a guy was doing you like that."
