 Ann and I were so exhausted from the activities over the weekend. We just showered and headed for work without any playing. 

Over a muffin and juice we talked about the weekend and looking forward to the upcoming one. We knew we would be chatting off and on all week.

At lunch break, Charles called and asked if I was interested in going to the club or for him to come over or just to chat on the phone later in the evening. I answered by saying, "Let me think on it and I will call you after work."

At mid-afternoon break, I called Heather and said, "Charles is horny. I want to put the lessons to work. Are you free tonight to drop by and grade me? You need to hide so he will not know I have been taking lessons. I want to hold his cock as if it were for my pussy but drop on it so it will go where I want it; to surprise him."

"I have an idea Karen. I will call you after work. I am free. Ask him to be at your place at seven since we need to work tomorrow; later hon."

After work I called Charles and asked him to be at my place at seven being I did not want to be up all night either; he agreed. I had a message from Heather and she said she would bring food and was on her way.

I opened the door at five-thirty for her. She was grinning and said, "Let's finish these subs and then get ready for Charles. Here are my thoughts. You and I will...and then I will make a surprise entrance from the bedroom. How does that sound to you?" "It should work. He probably is so horny for me that he will do me anywhere I ask."

"Let's get ready and have you horny and ready so when he gets here you are on the attack also. That will throw him off guard. Make him think you missed him."

"Well I did Heather a little bit. His aftershave or cologne gets to me."

"Oh, I thought it was that thing hanging between his legs?"

"Yeah, that too."

We showered and Heather hid her clothes. 

I put my blonde shoulder length hair up in a ponytail for looks, comfort and as well for Charles just in case he needed to hold on to something.

I sat in Heather's lap as she administered to my breasts with her mouth and tongue to get me lubricated for Charles and reduce the foreplay on his part. I then knelt and she inserted Mr. Fake into my ass to get me stretched. As it was making its progress inwards I kept going, "Oh god," as Heather worked it further and further in with each shove. It was a lot thicker at its base than behind the head. With each shove stretched me more. Finally I took all of it to its base which was thicker than Charles. Heather was also massaging the clit at the same time to get me well oiled.

"I will leave it there Karen and when he gets here we can take it out. You will be all set then to surprise the dickens out of him"

He called and said he was parking his car. We made sure there was no evidence of another person around. Heather went into the bedroom. Since I was already naked except for a robe that I quickly put on when we knew he was close, there would be no reason for me to go there.

I was ready at the door when Charles rang. We did not even say hi to each other. We embraced and his cock grew instantly as our tongues dueled. Being that I just had on a short robe; his hands found my butt cheeks quickly and pulled me into his expanding tool with his big hands on naked skin.

We broke the kiss for air. He looked me in the eyes with wonderment as I reached for buttons to get him started undressing. We both were working his clothes off. 

When he was naked, his cock eye was looking at the ceiling and it had a drop of dew glistening.

We embraced again as his hand went to my wet gash, the lips swollen with blood. I stroked his cock.

We broke the kiss needing air. I lead him to the sofa with a hand. I sat and said, "Charles I missed your tongue and so did my kitty. I'm glad you are home and that you could come over tonight."

I had spread my legs with the feet on the sofa, using my hands to spread my lips apart; Charles new instinctively what to do. His tongue was tracing the outline of the gash from top to bottom. I was sailing because I wanted to cum so he could cum in my ass then. I moved my hands to my breasts and played with them while he used his tongue and mouth to give me a quick cum.

"Damn girl, you are horny. That was quick."

"I know Charles, let me lie on the floor and you make me cum again with your cock, please."

I placed a towel on the floor, while he rolled a rubber down his black steel pole. I positioned myself with legs spread smiling at him. He lifted my legs and placed them on his chest. I was praying he would not fire while doing me until I could cum. As the steel pole was slowly sliding in deeper and deeper, he looked at me and said, "Did you miss this chocolate lady pleaser?"

"I sure did Charles. I'm ready for it to please me."

He started with his normal slow deep thrusts. I wanted to be on my back so the honey would leak and lubricate the hole I wanted him in. I could not comprehend my wanting a black cock or any cock or even a finger in my ass now, where two weeks ago it would have been taboo.

I closed my eyes and played with my breasts to hurry the orgasm. I did not want to have Charles know I was close in case it would trigger him to do something before I was ready for him to do it.

"That feels so good Charles, I surely did miss it. I almost forgot how good you can make me feel doing that. Mmmmmm, god that feels good."

"Did you come Karen?"

"Yeah I'm so horny. Do me a favor and lie on your back and let me ride you."

"Sure babe."

We switched places. I straddled his face and said, "Take a drink before I use that chocolate stick again."

I lowered my pussy to his mouth and let him take a few swipes and said, "Enough."

As I crawled backwards, I reached with the hand that I was going to hold his cock with and placed it at my draining pussy to get lots of lubrication. I reached for his cock with a pussy juice coated hand, and held it up while continuing to scoot backwards.

Charles had closed his eyes and placed his hands under his head to enjoy being ridden.

I was staring him in the face when I let myself drop onto the hard black pole when I felt the tip at my anal ring. I wanted to see the expression on his face. 

I sat motionless as his eyes flew open; his hands came out from under his head and went around my waist as if to help me off like it was an accident. His eyes had bugged out in shock. I sat smiling as he had his head up, looking me in the face with puzzlement as to what had happened and if I was okay.

His cock slid into me just like Heather had planned with the stretching before he arrived.

I grinned back at him. I grabbed both of my tits and began to massage them sending the message all was well. 

I then heard, "What the fuck is going on?" Charles had to be looking at Heather.

"She took your cock into her asshole you dumb shit. Can't you tell?"  "Yeah but, but, but."

"But what; are you going to tell her to stop and lift off?"

"No, but."

"What's with this but bull you keep saying?"

"Well Charles you have a decision to make. Let her ride you like that while she lowers herself to eat me to a cum or do her doggie and let her eat me to a cum in that position."

"But..."

"There is that but again. If you think you might hurt her and are afraid to make the call, think again. She impaled herself on you. Doesn't that tell your but, but, but, brain something."

"Now what's your decision big boy or should I tell the club members you chickened out."

"Heather you are a tough cookie. You just don't take BS. Well I want to see Karen eating you so I guess I will do her doggie but damn Karen I might not last long. I'm ready to blow now knowing where my cock is."

"I will lift off slow and begin eating Heather. You insert it again and do the best you can. Don't worry about hurting me. I will tell you if you are getting too rough."

We made the switch and I heard, "Dam Karen I have wanted to do this perfect ass from the first night we were in the sack. Now I have the chance and I'm like a teenager. I'll unload and not give you any pleasure."

"Charles I have had my pleasure already. Knowing you was there and me not screaming and crying is all I needed. Make yourself feel good, then get it up again if it goes down and well you know."

"Babe you sure are sweet."

Heather placed herself so I could get to her easily. She had a smirk on her face and I saw why when I opened her pussy lips. She had a dildo in her. I knew what she wanted. Heather's clit was larger than mine and Ann's. For a common reference I would use the common pea but a mature pea, whereas Ann's and mine is the baby pea size. 

I felt Charles kneel and place the head of his lady pleaser at the entrance and pushed. He grabbed my ponytail with a hand to keep me from going forward and in fact he pulled me off of Heather a little in so doing but soon released the grip. I felt the ring snap this time. I went oh! I smiled to myself that I was a slut and he was going to enjoy cumming in a white girl's ass. Heather began to moan from my working the dildo and using my tongue.

"Damn, that is nice to see you doing her, Karen. It has distracted me enough that I can enjoy your offering. I knew all along it would be good but was wondering how to get you to try. I need to get out of town more often I see."

I was ignoring his blabbing and concentrating on Heather. She had a mini cum and was going for more.

Charles was picking up speed, holding on to my hipbones with both hands. He then reached around me and played with my dangling breasts. That made me eat Heather at a faster pace, thinking that it was I that was going to orgasm. 

Heather was humping the dildo, rolling her nipples with her fingers and soon screamed and orgasmed from the attention. Charles then dropped one tit and went for my clit.

That sent me over the edge in no time. Moaning into Heather's pussy caused another round of pleasure waves to surge through her. As I had my orgasm, Charles stiffened and moaned his. His cumming did not trigger another cum for me. I was concentrating on my ring flexing as he fired his volleys of man juice to make him feel good. I almost laughed at the sensation but behaved.

I lifted my head from between Heather's legs and said, "Roll us Charles so I do not collapse on Heather."

He did as I had asked. Soon we were on our sides he was thrusting his cock again. It was not deflating. Heather lifted on her elbows and said, "That's it Charles, initiate her ass for your brothers. Maybe she will become a member and we can all play. Bury your cock in her, Charles. Roll onto your back and take her with you so I can eat her. We will give her a taste of a mini orgy."

I could not react fast enough to anything. I was looking at the ceiling. Heather had already spread and lifted my legs and her tongue was at my clit. Charles was humping and had his hands on my breasts massaging and pinching the nipples. Heather shoved the dildo that she had in her pussy into my pussy. All I could do was take off for outer space from the attack. 

Charles whispered into my ear since my head was by his, "Cum for us babe. There is more of this at the club. It can go on all night if you desire. All the cocks and pussy you can take Karen; hour after hour of being screwed by black guys and girls with dildos besides being eaten. Think of five guys working you over and giving you pleasures that you have not had yet."

Heather was using her tongue feverously pressing and rolling the clit and fucking my pussy fast with the dildo.

"AAAAAhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaa," came screaming out from his words and the pleasure surging through me from Heather's action."

As my body convulsed, the orgasm built higher with it feeling the cock, dildo and tongue all going faster.

I heard in the background, "Damn Heather you sure know how to use that toy. You have my weapon loaded."

Charles bore down with his hands on my breasts, lifted his hips to get more of his cock into my ass and fired more juice from his nuts. 

He dropped his hips quickly after the first two shots of nut juice were delivered. I yelled to Heather, "Enough, god enough, I cannot take any more."

She lifted her face. It was covered with my juices. She crawled up to me and said, "Lick my face clean Karen; you got your juices all over it."

I did as she suggested and I could feel Charles cock waking up as I was licking and slurping my juices from Heather's face..

I said, "Charles if you want to get off again, do me in my pussy, while Heather kneels and I clean up her pussy now that her face is clean."

"You have a deal Karen. Heather would you get me a fresh condom out of my pants pocket before kneeling?"

I scooted off of Charles as he changed the condom. I got on my back. Charles's cock was already hard. Heather straddled my head and lowered her pussy to my mouth so I could eat her. I noticed she had the dildo in her again. I had no idea when she removed it from me. 

Heather leaned forward on her hands. I knew if I could reach up with my hand I could get to fuck her with it; I managed to do it. That was neat bringing her juices to my mouth with the dildo. Soon we were all snorting because we all were ready to orgasm again.

Then Charles said, "Damn you ladies are hot and the aroma of your juices here at my nose is unbelievable." We all growled and released the waves of pleasure so they could roll through us. 

Heather rolled off of me and panted on the floor on her back. Charles then dropped my legs and fell on top of me until we both had settled.

After I had my breath but still impaled on Charles's cock I said, "Heather, whose going to teach me to take a cock in my throat without making me gag?"

I heard, "I will let Charles explain that."

"Karen, there are two older gentlemen at the club that are pros at initiating girls to that. One is 55 and the other is 60. You just have to blank out that they are grandpa. I'm I not right Heather?"

"Karen once you meet these guys you will melt like butter being around them. They are so sweet. I think they know their sweetness gets them a lot of pussy. Even at their age they get off almost every other night at least once. Once in a blue moon they might get off twice a few hours apart. They eat lots of pussy so they are happy. We all love the two of them. When you are ready for a lesson I can arrange it."

Charles came back with, "I hope it is soon Karen like this week. I want you to become a member and enjoy the parties with the rest of us. Maybe you can write a story then but change the names to protect the club and people, like make it in New York or California." 

We all laughed and I said, "I will work something out with Heather. I'm starved. Is anyone else?"

"Are you starved for something I can give you Karen?"

"You have nothing that will take care of me. Look at this limp weapon."

We all laughed as we made our way to the shower and then food.

We made plans to go to the club Thursday evening for me to meet the new teachers. This gave Heather two nights to make the arrangements.

Charles asked about us getting together Tuesday and Wednesday at the club. I told him about the weekend and I had to get caught up on things but he was welcome to come by my place and tuck me in bed after nine; if he was interested. I was thinking I could get my errands run, laundry and the normal stuff before putting up with his friskiness. Charles agreed to it but shocked me by asking, "May I tuck you into bed this evening?"

I looked at Heather, she smiled and said, "If he gets to stay so do I. He has not done my ass yet or his tongue on me so he owes me that for teaching you."

I looked at Charles and he said, "I'm okay with it."

Tuesday and Wednesday went as planned. I managed to do what I needed to do besides talking with Sara, Heather and Ann two hours each night.

Charles and I got it on both nights. I let him finish doing me in the ass both nights. I was now use to the new sensations and feelings in me and glowed knowing Charles was enjoying himself immensely. We would collapse after he fired and we would fall asleep with him impaled in me.

Wednesday morning I climbed on top of him, took the chance and took care of his morning hardon without a condom. I leaked all day from his deposit and it made me feel really close to him.

Thursday morning I had him use his hands to give me a shower, by shooting his sperm on my tits like the guys did at the club. I never realized how powerful of a scent it could be when deposited hot and fresh so close to the nostrils. 

Thursday evening Heather dropped by to pick me up and take me to the club to meet George, the fellow that was going to teach me how to deep throat. 

After we arrived at the club, Heather asked where she could find him and was told he was in the ice room waiting for us. I looked at Heather and the meaning of ice. She giggled and said, "These two old timers use this room all the time and the girls are cold coming in so they named it the ice room. It's one of the rooms up a floor. Let's go meet him.

When we arrived the door was open and Heather said, "Hi Uncle George. She walked up and gave him a big kiss and she received a nice warm hug from George. Then she said, "Meet Karen Uncle George. He walked over to me took a hand, kissed it on top and said, "Welcome to the ice room and nice to have the opportunity to introduce you to something different."

"By the way Heather, she is not as cold as some so the name will stay."

Heather laughed and said, "These guys have said that when a girl comes in to meet them for the first time for a lesson with warm hands they will change the name of the room to Hot to Trot."

"Karen, between myself and Henry we probably have met 200 to 300 girls desiring lessons. So far they have all come with cold hands from the tension. Now how do you think us two guys feel about a girl playing with our cock with cold hands? So we named the room the ice room."

"Heather, we will come looking for you when Karen says she thinks it is time we wrap things up; have fun."

"See you later Karen and relax. You are in fantastic hands."

"Karen, just relax because I will not even show you my cock tonight. If you want to see it, feel it, play with it you need to make all the moves. My focus will be having you relax and to answer the hundreds of questions you may have. Please have a seat take your shoes off or even for that matter your clothes if it will make you more comfortable. I'm just kidding, relax but if you want to you are free. Help your self to something to drink to clear up that dry mouth of yours."

"How did you know my mouth was dry?"

"Precious, I don't see the girls that have wet mouths; they have a cock in them."

I had to smile at that. He had a point.

We gathered some refreshments I noticed his body was in good shape for his age. There was no middle age spread. We both sat in separate recliners. They were plush and so comfortable. He started to talk and told me all about his life from high school until yesterday. "Okay precious, your turn."

By the time he had finished his story telling I had finished two glasses of wine and was comfortable with him. It was his manners, easy going, and soft voice, just a sweet grandpa type of guy.

I told him my story. By then I had finished the third glass of wine. 

George then said, "I will start to discuss everything I know about deep throating. I will ask you questions so that I can work my program around your knowledge base. Be honest with me so I am not saying something in error. Tonight it is all talk and no action so just kick back and relax and believe me by the time it is action time you will not be tense at all."

We talked for an hour and then I heard, "Do you like spaghetti?"
