 During the first year of dating my wife I discovered I enjoyed other men seeing her body. We were staying over night with some friends when by accident he and I walked in on Sue in her panties and bra. She didn't act embarrassed. She just dressed as we retrieved the item we had come into the room for. I started suggesting she dress in revealing ways and found she enjoyed the attention she received.

My job, as a retail manager, required us to live apart, about three hours by car. On weekends she would stay Friday evening until Sunday with me and my younger roommate, Dan. He and Sue were friendly but he was nineteen and she was twenty three, so she didn't see it as flirtation. She looked great with her long light brown hair, C-cup breasts, flat stomach and kissable ass. 

Then the girl he had been dating for about four months left school and left him with no sex life. The first weekend he was without his girl he ran around with us. He and Sue teased and flirted with each other even more. This set my mind to working on a scheme to see if Sue could get this great looking stud between her legs. 

The next Friday evening she showed up in white running shorts and a low cut tee shirt that made her look very hot. We stayed in and watched a video with Dan so I could get some rest. I had been working long weeks remodeling and revamping the store so I was dragging. In the same time Dan had been working on his Dad's farm, putting up hay, so he was tanned and a very muscular 6 feet tall. Putting more of my plan into action, I ask Sue if we could hold off sex that evening so I could get my rest. I knew she would be very horny all day Saturday and flirt much more with Dan while I was at work. 

Saturday evening we went to a drive-in movie so I ask if we could invite Dan. Sue smiled but said we couldn't play with Dan along. I told her the cloths she was going to wear might get her played with a lot. I had her dress in a short, low cut, pastel, sun dress. One could tell she was almost naked underneath. The lace front of her panties showed when she sat down unless she was very careful. Even without the top button being undone we had a great view of her naked breasts when she leaned over a little. 

We arrived before dusk so we had time to talk before the show started. As she leaned around the seat to talk with Dan her breasts showed and her skirt slid up showing her panties. As it became dark enough for the movie to start I had her settle into the pillows I had placed behind her and put her feet in my lap. The banter did not stop when the show started. When Dan said something smart I told Sue to kick him. He caught her foot and held it. She coyly pulled back on her foot but this only made her breasts jiggle and her dress fall into her lap. Now her legs were open for us to see her mound and pubic hair through the lace front of her panties. I pretended to be interested in the movie but Sue could tell by my hard on against her foot I was enjoying this. 

Dan held her foot in his lap against his large cock. The movement of her leg told me she was massaging his cock as he caressed her calf and foot. I pretended to watch the movie but had my head turned enough to see his hand on her leg. 

He didn't rush since he had the whole movie to enjoy her. I moved my hand to caress her thigh, not quite touching her panties. She moved her body farther down in the seat as Dan moved his hand to her thigh. She pulled her dress over her thighs and caressed his arm. I knew she was hoping he would get bold with his hand under cover. Sue almost gasp when he lightly touched her. Her breathing and movements were letting him know she was enjoying how he was lightly caressing her through her panties. They teased each other through the rest of the movie. When it was almost over he sat back and she put her legs down so I could get us home. I made the trip in record time.

I had figured we would all get something to drink and sit in the living room but Dan went straight to his bedroom. I was disappointed and sat out watching TV hoping he would join us. I was sure Sue would fuck him if he made the move on her. Sue and I kissed and caressed each other. I wanted him to see her laid out on the couch with her dress unbuttoned and her panties showing. She finally took me by the hand to our bedroom. 

She put on a mid thigh length, sexy gown and lay on the bed. I pushed her gown up and kissed my way down her body. We heard Dan turn on the TV to cover our lovemaking sounds. I sucked her to a climax and lay back to rest. I told her I wanted to rest for thirty minutes. I suggested she go out and watch TV with Dan.

She said she would go to the bathroom and be right back but I knew she would say hello to him. When she came out Dan was lying in the floor, watching TV. He was dressed in only a pair of jeans. He turned over on his back to thank her for the evening. She turned the hall light off and walked into the room. She said it looked like the evening was over before it started because I was already asleep. With the TV going her nightgown was transparent, allowing him to see she was nude under it.

He ask if she would kiss him good night and took her by the hand to pull her down to her knees and sat up for his kiss. She put her arms around his neck and he put his on her hips. When she continued kissing him he started to caress her breasts. She moaned and lay down next to him. He pulled her gown up and sucked her nipples as he played with her clit. She came almost immediately.

He ask if I was going to be upset and she said I had sent her to him before I went to sleep. She unfastened his jeans and gasp as his eight inches sprang into view. The sucker hadn't worn underwear so he was hoping something would happen. She lowered her mouth down his cock causing him to groan loudly. She made love to his cock for a good ten minutes. Sensing he was close to coming, she pulled her gown the rest of the way off and positioned herself over him to slide that big stick of his into her tight cunt. She had to take it slow even as wet as we had her. He was 8 inches long and two inches around but after six good pushes he worked it into her. She sat still just enjoying the feeling of having her pussy full of cock after I had made her wait so long. Dan began to pull her by her hips so she moved slowly up and down his shaft. 

He had his eyes closed so I slipped into the room behind her so I could watch her take him. Their sex fragrance was intoxicating. He started to suck her nipples and she increased her speed taking him inside her. Soon he grabbed her hips and pulled her harder onto his cock. As he pumped his load of cum into her she was shaking her head around, crying out as her climax took over her body. It was an incredible, intoxicating turn on to watch. 

I slipped back into the darkened hallway as they finished. Sue climbed down and lay beside of Dan. She later told me she was surprised to find he didn't get soft. They lay caressing each other and told each other how nice the sex was. Dan caressed her breasts and had her moaning and gasping as he rolled her nipples. Sue raised up to take his cock as far down her throat as she could. She sucked him for a few minutes until he was rock hard again. Dan put her on her back and positioned himself above her as she fed his cock into her pussy. 

As he pushed it all the way to the hilt on the first stroke she looked up and saw me. I whispered I loved her. She wrapped her legs around Dan's hips enjoying the pounding he was giving her. She was pushing her hips up to meet his cock as he slammed it deep into her. She began to encourage him by telling him how good it was, by screaming for him to fuck her harder and she loved how his big cock filled her pussy. Then when she felt him stiffen to shoot his cum inside of her she said "yes, now come with me" as she went over the top with him for the umpteenth time. His cum spilled out around his now softening cock as he lay on top of her, still trying to stroke it into her. As he moved to her side, her pussy was left gaping open by his large cock. 

Their cum made her thighs and pubic hair wet and white on her tanned skin. I looked into the room and ask if Dan had left me any. He just laughed and said I 'd have to ask Sue. I lay down beside her and caressed her breasts. We talked about how good they had been to one another as Sue got more turned on by my playing with her nipples. I slid her down to where her head was next to Dan's semi hard cock. I slipped my cock into her wet pussy and Dan fed his cock down her throat. She sucked him so lovingly I knew she was going to make him come down her throat. She can suck cock so well she can make a man come quickly if she wants too. I was so turned on I was close to coming even though Dan had stretched her so large I knew she couldn't feel my cock inside her. She was enjoying our closeness and having Dan's large cock throbbing in her mouth. 

So after a few minutes when Dan began to moan and fuck her mouth she encouraged me to fuck her harder. I came quickly and moved off of her so she could concentrate on sucking Dan off. She laid him on his back and sucked him as deep down her throat as she could. He was fucking up into her mouth and moaning very loud as his cock pulsed his come into her mouth. She took it all down her throat and left him almost passed out on the floor. It was early in the A. M. so we all retired for a needed rest. 

The next day we all slept in until noon and went to lunch together. We spent the afternoon enjoying each other. It was a great way to start our "sharing" lifestyle. We hope you enjoyed reading about it.