 In the high mountain deserts temperatures can go from one extreme to an other, from down right cold at night to blistering hot during the day. This summer has been no different from summers in the past. The only exception is now we have to cater to bunch of tin horns.

It seems the ranch I've been working for has come up with another way of making money. Tourist come to the ranch to play "cowboy" during the round up season. I get the honor of teaching them how a round up works. One thing is for certain, it's going to be an interesting round up. I don't dare to even imagine.

Morning comes early on a ranch. The other hands and I have been up since four AM getting the horses saddled, and gear stowed in the two wagons we'll use at our base camp. We'll move everything at day light, and wait there for our "new" riders. God I hope they can at least sit a saddle.

It was a pretty uneventful ride to base camp. The closest thing to relaxation we'll see for the next two weeks. We had one bronc try to free himself from his rider. Good thing it wasn't one of our guests. I wonder what type of people we'll have to help us. Where they come from, their backgrounds, and if they've even been on a horse, let alone seen one before.

Well camp is set up. Tents for our guests, chuck wagon set, corral repaired where needed, and supper ready for us boys. Damn, think we earned our chuck tonight. Well tomorrows the big day. Better get something to eat then grab a few winks so I'll be ready for tomorrow. I've got to remember to tell the boys we'll be having some lady guests also. So they need to remember their manners.

Boy I sure slept good, sure do love the open air and brisk mornings. Our guests should be arriving soon, better go make sure everything is in order and line out the boys. Sure hope cookie has breakfast ready.

I notice dust coming from down the road, and watch as the vans pull into camp. As the dust settles people climb out of the vans and stretch. I watch in amazement as most of them are women. Seems near as I can count we have twenty women and ten men. As the owner of the ranch steps up on a wagon he motions for the group to gather around. He has all the guests line up and count off one, two, three, all the way up to ten where the counting starts over. This will give each of us wranglers three guests a piece to attend to. I've already assigned numbers to the boys. The boss explains how each person will go to the cowboy that corresponds with their number. And how we will help each of them learn how a round up works. And that they should follow the directions given them so they may have a safe enjoyable round up adventure. He introduces me as the foreman and that I will be in charge of the round up. I have everyone get with their wrangler and we get the horses ready to go.

Damn, wouldn't ya' know it. My three guests just happen to be women. Not bad lookin', but can they sit a horse and ride? Guess I'll soon know.

It seems I didn't have much to worry about where these three ladies were concerned, all three are pretty good riders. We've worked most of the day roundin' up critters and pushin' them to the corral at bas camp. Sweat runs down our backs as the heat from the day, and workin' takes it's toll on our bodies. Our shirts cling to our dampened skin. I've got to hand it to these ladies, they sure don't give up, and they laugh when something happens that wasn't quite as they had planned.

Well one more bunch of critters in the corral and time for a lunch break. I make the rounds to see how everyone is doing and learn we have a few strays which were spotted up on a plateau a few miles from camp. I decide to take my group and head for the mesa. I get with Cookie and get some chuck and extra canteens. It's a fair ride and most likely will take the rest of the day to get there. I pack a small tent for the ladies behind my saddle along with my bed roll. The ladies each get their bed rolls and a few things they need and we head for the plateau.

There's small talk between the ladies as I lead them towards the top of the plateau. I hear one lady mention she works with horses back on the East coast. And the other two ride horses from time to time where they live. This explains why they sit a saddle so well. They mention their ages and all of them are in the range from thirty-five to almost fifty. And that they've always dreamed of riding and working during a round up.

I have to admit, each of these ladies are in fine shape, they have kept their youthful appearance. They all are very attractive. Any man would be proud to have them by his side.

It's mid afternoon when we reach the top of the plateau. Everything is lush and green. We'll head to a clear spring where the water comes out of the ground, cold and clear. It has a fence around the spring and a pool, so the critters won't stomp in it. It then trickles down onto some rocks where three of four larger pools form. A nice place for a cool dip and refreshing bath.

We set camp under some tall evergreen trees not too far from the spring. This way we have fresh water for cooking and drinking. As the women stow their gear in the tent, I decide to take a ride and see how many critters are on the plateau.

As I ride along, looking for strays, my mind begins to wonder. I wonder why these ladies would want to spend a vacation riding herd on a bunch of critters. Maybe their lives are so hum drum that they needed a little excitement in their lives. They may have even just wanted to see what a round up was really like. I wonder if any of them are married, and if they are why their husbands didn't come with them. My mind keeps wondering as I ride through the trees and into an open meadow. As we enter the meadow a flock of forest grouse take flight from under my horse, spooking it. I loose hold of my seat in the saddle and land on the ground with a thump. My horse dances sideways a few feet and then stops when it realizes I'm not in the saddle anymore. He turns to look at me as if to say "What are you doing down there?" Picking myself up, I dust off and laugh.

Thank goodness no-one else saw my sleepy headed stunt. I walk over to my horse, gather the reins up and tie him to a near by tree. I look across the meadow and see the forest grouse in a tree. I decide that one of them would make a fine addition to our evening meal. Not wanting to use my revolver and waste any ammo or cause anyone to wonder why I shot, I pick up a handful of rocks and walk across the meadow towards the grouse.

After about half an hour and several misses, I finally succeed in taking a grouse. Time to head back to camp and roast this prize for our supper. It should go well with the few items Cookie packed for us to eat. I'm sure the ladies will enjoy it.

Upon reaching camp I find the women gone, their horses are still tied where they put them. They must have went for a walk. I go about building a fire and putting the grouse on a spit to roast. I set about peeling a few potatoes and slice them up to fry while the bird is roasting. I listen to the sounds of the mountain as our meal cooks.

Well our meal is cooked and still no women. Guess I'll pull the pan back where it will stay warm and not burn and put the bird a little higher so it won't burn either. Now to see if I can find the ladies, so we can all have a nice hot meal.

As I walk across the meadow, towards the spring, I hear laughter. I head towards the direction of the laughter. It's coming from down stream where the water runs into pools. Not knowing what to expect when I reach the pools, I slow down and quietly approach a small stand of willows off to the side of one of the larger pools. As I go to step through the willows a flash of bare skin stops me in my tracks. I can't believe what I'm seeing. I slowly step back into the willows, not wanting to interrupt the women as they frolic in the pool. 

None of them have clothes on, what a magnificent sight. They splash each other with water and laugh as they play with one another. I watch as water glistens off their beauty. Not wanting to be discovered, I ease back through the willows towards camp. I wouldn't want them to know I've caught them in such a state. As I walk towards camp I feel my pulse racing. I never dreamed I would ever see such a wonderful sight as three women splashing around in a pool of water, reaching, touching, washing, and playing with each other. The sight of their hands touching each other in such a manner and in such places, has my mind spinning, and a rise in my Levi's. I've got to shake this off so they will never know what I've seen or felt.

Back at camp, thankful I wasn't seen. I putter around the fire as I put a pot of coffee on to boil. Evenings last light approaches as the women walk into camp. I watch as they approach, coffee cup in hand, I mention supper is ready and to dish up what they want. One of them jokingly says "And he cooks too!" which brings giggles and laughter from the others. I feel my face heat up as it flushes red. Which brings more giggles and a comment of "And he's modest too." 

Oh if they only knew the real reason my face was turning red. I laugh along with them as we fill our plates and settle down to eat. We talk, as we eat, about what tomorrow will bring and how many strays I saw today. I watch as the fire light flickers and highlights each of their features. Each one is beautiful in her own way. The light from the fire seems to dance in their hair and eyes. I suddenly feel a little self conscious about myself. Knowing it's been almost a week since my last bath. I leave the ladies to the warmth of the fire as I check on the horses, making sure they are secured for the night. I watch from the shadows as these ladies seem to be enjoying their vacation. A smile crosses my face, as I sip my coffee, quietly watching.

As I get back to the fire, the ladies all thank me for the dinner. I pour another cup of coffee as they set about with the clean up. "The least they can do after such a wonderful meal" one of them says. With everything cleaned up they say their "good-nights" and head for the tent. I tell them good night and watch as they zip the door closed. I sit by the fire sipping my coffee, watching the moon as it rises over the mountain. I hear the women getting ready for bed, quietly talking and giggling. It's another beautiful summer night out on the range, soft moon light, stars, sounds of animals in the night. The call of a coyote, hoot of an owl, frogs from near the stream, and the chirping of insects. And even a few strange sounds coming from the women's tent, moaning and muffled giggles. 

Getting up from the fire I walk over to my saddle bags to get some personal items. I might as well leave the ladies to what ever it is they are doing, and go down to the end pool for a well deserved soaking and bath.

Reaching the pool, I strip down and step into it's cool water. The water has a chance to warm up some as it runs over the rocks and into the pools before it reaches this pool. So the water isn't as cold as it is at the spring. It feels good on my naked body as I sink lower in the pool. I can sit comfortably on the side of the pool and the water comes to my chest. Taking my bar of soap I begin lathering my body. I wash and rinse my hair, what little I have left. Too many years out in the sun wearing a cowboy hat has taken it's toll on my hair. I stand and wash my legs working up to my butt cheeks and then around my manhood. I finish my bath and soak in the water thinking about the ladies back at camp, wondering what all the moaning and muffled giggles were about. I feel my face flush red and a stirring in my cock as I realize what must have been going on. I better stop thinking about such things and get my cloths washed before I have a problem which I don't want to handle personally.

Hopefully the women will be asleep when I get back to camp, considering my cloths are wet and I have nothing to cover my nakedness. I wouldn't want to startle any of them by walking into camp with all my glory swinging in the breeze. That would be very hard to explain.

The cool night air touches my damp naked body causing goose bumps. I shiver a little as I walk towards camp. Damp clothing in hand, I'll hang them next to the fire so they will dry before morning. It sure feels good to be clean, and I don't smell as bad now either.

As I approach the camp I listen for any sound coming from the tent. Hearing nothing, I ease into camp. I lay my cloths on a rock near the fire and get my lariat off my saddle. I stretch the rope between two trees and just off to the side of the fire. I hear a twig snap behind me, I freeze in my efforts. Then I hear the soft giggles from a woman. My heart races. I hear another one of the women mention how good my ass looks. My face flushes redder. Then another mentions that she wouldn't mind seeing more. I hear wood being placed on the fire. I wonder if it id just two of them or all three. I take the shirt I was hanging and hold it in front of me as I turn around to see. I say "Well ladies, it looks like you have me at a disadvantage." 

The youngest of the three says, "I don't know about that. I think it looks like it might work to all of our advantage." She smiles wickedly as her eyes drop to the shirt covering my now rising manhood. I do believe I'm out numbered. I drop my shirt as I raise my hands in mock surrender. A smile crosses my face as I see the reaction on their faces. One licks her lips as she stares at my now rigid member. Another's face flushes a bright red as she too looks a what I have to offer. The last one goggles as she reaches to undo the buttons of her blouse. She seems to take the lead in knowing what she wants.

As the last button comes unfastened, her breasts fall free from the confines of her blouse. Her nipples are erect and hard. She walks over to me looking deep into my eyes, searching them for something that only she wants to see. She kisses me full on the lips, mouth open her tongue searching for mine. We kiss long and hard, her nipples pressing hard against my flesh. I feel her hands running up and down my back slowly working their way down to the cheeks of my butt. We break our kiss, and she starts kissing her way down my chest ever downward. I hear a gasp from where the other two women are. I glance towards them, they seem frozen in place. I'm brought back to the moment as I feel fingers touching my hard, throbbing member. Kisses, soft gentle kisses. Down, ever downward. Closer, and closer, hot breath and moist lips encircle the head and slowly move down the shaft. I close my eyes enjoying the moment. Time seems to stand still as she performs her magic on my manhood.

Another pair of lips touch mine, as another pair kiss the back of my neck. Hands roam over my naked body, sending signals of animal lust to my brain. As one pair of lips leave mine another take their place. Then another pair of hands touch my balls as another pair of lips fight for position on my swollen member.

I feel as if my body is in heaven, as hands and lips move from my lips to my manhood then back and forth from one to another. Hands explore my body. Pleasure, pure pleasure fills my body. I feel the pleasure of three pairs of lips taking turns on my swollen member. Working their magic until I feel a swelling in my balls as I reach climax. My legs tremble as tongues clean my semen from the shaft and head of my tool. I open my eyes to three messy, but smiling faces.

The oldest of the three takes hold of one hand as the youngest takes hold of the other. The third lady takes hold of my semi-erectness and they lead me to the tent stating "The fun has only just started."

Once inside the tent all three women start to get undressed. Four bodies in such a confined area makes it difficult to move. Arms, legs, and bare skin everywhere. The tent walls move as arms or legs touch it. My heart is racing with anticipation. Buttons being undone here, a zipper there, a blouse falling off here. Movement everywhere. My eyes take in the sights with awe at the beauty which surrounds me. My mind races as images flood through it.

Suddenly a large commotion is heard from outside. One of the horses must have spooked and is now throwing a fit. I bust through the tent door heading for the horses to calm them down. Sish, I don't need this right now. Damn the luck, one of them has broken free and has taken flight. I quickly calm the other three down and look in the direction of the scared horse. I look back towards the tent, three very beautiful but sad faces look back at me.

Damn, wet cloths, run away horse, three very aroused women, and me standing naked in the moon light trying to decide which needs my attention the worst. A run away horse, or three very beautiful women.

My mind races as I franticly try to decide. The last thing I need is for a rider-less horse to show back up at the main camp. It would bring someone looking to find out why. But then it would be morning before anyone showed up here at camp. And who knows, the horse might not even go back to the main camp, it might just stay here on the plateau.

Looking back at the tree women I quickly make my decision. I slowly walk back towards the tent. As I watch their eyes and marvel at their beauty my manhood begins to stand at attention. Three smiling faces and eager arms greet me as I reach the tent. Not a word is spoken as we enter the tent.

Minutes later inside the tent there is nothing but withering bodies as we frolic in a mass of naked flesh. One woman is impaled deeply upon my rigid pole, as another feels my hot breath upon her musky woman-hood, my tongue flicks her clit riding my face as the other rides my shaft. I watch as the third is being eaten by the one on my face, as the other on my erection caresses her smooth silky skin with her hands.

Through out the night each woman takes her turn being eaten, ridden, and caressed. As the morning dawns we lie naked, exhausted, in a pile of satisfaction. I know it won't be long before other riders show up at camp. I slowly leave the tent, moving so I won't wake my sleeping beauties. I quickly dress as I hear a single horse approaching camp. As it breaks into view I see it's rider-less. Our spooky horse has returned. I smile knowing that we won't be disturbed. This is going to be a wonderful round-up.