 This is going to be a night to remember, taking Mercedes whoring. As I opened the door to her two-door SLK Benz, I watched this gorgeous slut spread her legs apart getting in. I smiled while looking at the nice view of her bare pussy. All I could think about was how many men were going to be inside that love box of hers. As I quickly walked around to the driver side and sat down in this fabulous driving machine, I was thrilled that she agreed not to hide her cunt with a panty. Not only was I going to have fun driving her car, but I was also going to enjoy watching her get ridden by a lot of guys. At least I hoped she would be amiable to that undertaking. As I adjusted the seats and mirrors, Mercedes leaned over and sensually said, "So where are we off to Tito?"

I smiled put my seat belt on, lowered the top to make it a convertible, and answered, "Where would you like to go gorgeous?" 

She laughed and replied, "Oh some place where you can show me off. I want to be your naughty ornament. Sam asked if I would go to the birthday party for Hammer. Maybe you should take me there."

"Okay Mercedes, if that is where you want to go," I quickly blurted. "But you have to be aware that he'll want you to fuck Hammer. So is this something you would be amiable to do?"

She giggled and sensually said, "Oh I know that is what he wanted me to do. Since it's my last night out before I have to behave again, I want to be real naughty tonight."

Then leaning over to me, while putting a hand on my leg and with a very sexy voice she said, "Would you like me to be real naughty Tito? I don't want to do that, if you don't want me too!"

I smiled thinking that's exactly what I wanted. And I'll get her to fuck as many guys who want to pay for her cunt too. But I didn't want her to know my plan. Taking her hand and looking into her beautiful blue eyes that were twinkling with excitement, I answered, "Mercedes, I would love you to be real bad and want you to do whatever you desire tonight. But first let me take you to dinner. I made reservations at Gladstone by the Sea. After we eat, we'll go to the bar for Hammer's party and you can misbehave as much as you want."

As I started the car, she smiled and said, "Okay". 

I guess I should describe Mercedes for those of you who haven't read the previous parts to her Saga or forgotten what she looks like. She is an attractive red head, with medium length curly hair. She has big blue eyes, a cute smile, and some freckles across her adorable turned up nose. She is 5'5" tall, long nicely shaped legs. Her measurements are about 34C-23-35. Her tits are nice firm C cups and are real, so she says. Her ass is rounded and tight, and she looks so fine when on all fours. Her voice is soft and sweet sounding. I would make her a 10, but she only thinks of herself as a 4 because of her low self-esteem. That's probably why she is a sex addict and thank god she is. There aren't a lot of tens out there that give themselves as freely for pleasure as Mercedes does. Now that you can imagine what this hot slut looks like, I'll continue with the story. 

When I drove into the restaurant parking lot, the valet opened the door for Mercedes and I noticed his smile as she exited. As we walked to the entrance, I heard the one valet tell the other about Mercedes not wearing any panty. Checking in with the hostess, she told us it would be about 15 minutes. I was more than happy to get Mercedes a drink before the nights escapade started. There were two open seats at the bar, which we grabbed. The seats were tall bar stools and her skirt was so very short. 

For those who didn't read part two, she was wearing a very short, black, school girl hip hugging pleated skirt with no panty, a black tank top without a bra that left her belly button exposed, stockings that went to her knees and shoes were 2" platform with 6" heels.

I ordered her a Martini and we chatted while waiting for dinner. I told her that I wanted her to turn facing sideways to me and cross her legs. She giggled as she followed my instructions. Sitting in this position, I could tell that she was showing a lot of skin. Actually there weren't a lot of clothes covering her flesh anyway. Glancing back at the room, I noticed a lot of guys staring at us, which was what I wanted. When our table was ready, she guzzled her drink and slowly stepped down off the stool. I watched as her assets were exposed, but she quickly pulled down what little skirt she had on. As we walked to our table she was giggled and whispered in my ear, "I think those guys are staring at me Tito."

I looked over at three guys standing against a booth watching us walk by. Yeah they were staring at her, as she wiggled by. So I whispered back, "See gorgeous, I'm not the only one you have an effect on. You are so beautiful when you let go and just flirt. I love it when guys look at you. I bet they already have imagined you naked." 

Giggling, Mercedes walked sultry past them. She even turned back and gave them a flirty smile. Then she said, "You mean like that Tito?" All I could was smile, knowing that she was enjoying her teasing.

We had a nice dinner and watched the sunset. She has always been a big pleaser, whenever I add romance into the equation. I knew she would now be amiable for whatever I wanted her to do. As we were leaving, she went to the Ladies room to freshen up. I waited in the lobby for her. When she came out, she had a guy with her. He was the one that was staring at her, when we went to dinner. She walked to me, laughed and said, "Tito this is Greg. He wants to take me home with him and I told him he had to ask you."

Greg turned to me and asked, "So dude Mercedes is so hot. I would love to spend a night with her." Then he whispered in my ear, "How much?" 

I laughed and answered, "Not tonight Greg. She's completely booked. Maybe some other time and if you give me your number I'll call you when she becomes available again."

He didn't like the answer and kept on begging me for a chance with her. So I finally whispered that he had fifteen minutes for 2 bills. He looked frustrated and kept negotiating, but eventually reached in his pocket for the money. He asked where and I told him in the men restroom. Grabbing her hand, he quickly took her back. Mercedes looked back at me and mouthed "Thank you", so I guess she wanted him to fuck her too. 

When she came back out 20 minutes later, she looked happy but had cum splattered in her hair. So I sent her back to clean up. While she was gone, Greg came out and thanked me. He told me that she had the hottest tightest pussy he had ever fucked and gave me his number. He said he wanted her to spend the night next week and ask what it would cost. I laughed and told him a grand. He smiled and said that would be fine.

It took a while for Mercedes to freshen up then we left. As we were driving on busy PCH to get to the bar, I stopped at a light. A four door pick-up truck came up next to us. Mercedes and I were discussing her fuck session in the restroom, as I had my hand in between her legs. She spread them apart and told me how good that felt. As I played with her clit, we continued talking about how much fun she was going to have tonight. Then I heard the passenger of the truck next to me say, "Hey Dude, could you let me see what you're playing with."

I looked over at this young guy wearing a Dodger hat and smiled. Then he said, "C'mon dude! She's so hot! Let me see her fucking cunt!" I thought he was a rude ass-hole.

The light turned green and I sped away. Mercedes asked if it was okay to tease him. I laughed telling her to do whatever she wanted. I could have run the yellow light down the road, but instead I quickly stopped. I wanted to see what she was going to do teasing these guys. He quickly pulled alongside my car again, but this time he moved to the passenger side where he could look down at Mercedes. The driver stuck his head out the window and nicely said, "Hey gorgeous. Can I please see your tits? You are so fucking beautiful. I would love to see more of that lovely body. Please!" 

We heard the other guy saying something about wanting to see her cunt and not the tits. But before I could say anything to Mercedes, she reclined the seat back, and pulled up her top exposing her luscious firm tits. The driver made rude comments, while looking down at Mercedes. While she looked up at him, she cupped her firm breast and pulled on her nipples. It was like she enjoyed enticing him. Then the other guy jumped in the back seat of the truck to get a look, smiled and yelled, "How about seeing that fucking cunt too?" 

She pulled up her skirt but kept her legs tightly together. Then the light turned green and I sped off. This time I ran the yellow and left them in my dust. We heard the squeal of them braking. Looking in my mirror, I saw that we got away. I could hear Mercedes giggling and telling me how much fun that was. As we turned up the canyon road for the five mile drive to the bar, she stayed exposed. Reaching back over, I began playing with her wet clit. She moaned telling me how good that felt and couldn't wait to meet Hammer. 

We pulled into the side parking lot of the bar. Mercedes covered up and we sat in the car for a few minutes talking about the night. I wanted to make sure she was still okay going into the rustic biker bar. I knew once guys got a look at her, they would want to fuck her. Looking around, she saw over a dozen bikes in front and a few cars in the lot. We could hear laughter and loud music coming from inside. Turning to me she said, "Well Tito, I guess it will be okay. It's not exactly what I imagined the place would look like. But I like the music they are playing and you here to protect me. But if I think it's too much for me, can we leave?" 

I put my arm around her head, pulled her closer to me and kissed her gently on the lips. She didn't want me to stop kissing and parted her sweet lips for a nice long passionate French kiss. When we broke for air, she smiled. I looked deep into her beautiful big blue eyes, which were now gleaming with excitement and said, "Mercedes, this evening is for you. You told me that you wanted to be very naughty and come here. This place will definitely allow you to do that. But I have to be honest M. You saw what effect your outfit has on guys. So when you walk in here, you will be noticed and all of the attention wouldn't be nice. I will protect you as best as I can, but if you do a lot of flirting, I may have a difficult time doing that." 

She kissed me again and thanked me for telling her the truth. As I went to put the top up, she got out of the car. As we walked toward the front entrance, she tightly held my arm and said, "I'll just flirt with Hammer and then we can go. I don't want to be mauled all night, fighting off guys who want to have sex with me. Is that okay with you Tito?"

I laughed and told her not to worry because Sam and Justin are already here and that's enough to fend off all of the other guys. She leaned her head against my shoulder and told me that knowing about Sam and Justin eased her mind and now she could have fun without worrying.

As we walked up the four stairs toward the open door, I was happy that she no longer feared the evening, but also disappointed. I still want her to fuck a lot of guys, but now it seemed like she wasn't going to be a willing participant. 

The bar was a brown rustic 2 story house that used to be a restaurant. A couple of old biker brothers bought it many years ago, making it a biker haven. It was called the "Dogg Patch" because their last names were Dogg. The older brother used to be called Big Dogg, because he was a huge burly guy. His younger brother was Little Dogg, because he was skinning. They lived upstairs with the downstairs and basement as part of the bar. There was a take-out kitchen off to the left upon entering the front double doors. The bar itself was on the right in the middle of the room against the back wall. To the right of the bar was an area up a few steps that had two pool tables. To the left of the bar were the stairs leading down to the basement where the restrooms were. There were plenty of tables for sitting, a small stage for live music, and a juke box for music to play whenever there wasn't live entertainment present. When you walked past the dance floor area, you exited the building to a large deck area that had 8 picnic benches. Off to the left of the deck were 20 stairs leading down to a path that went to the bottom of the creek. Behind the building was a cement area that was used for junk and a sliding door leading to the storage room in the basement. No one ever went down there, unless they wanted to be hidden from the bar for some romance. After a night of boozing, I knew of plenty of women who got fuck down along the path. 

As we walked in, a few guys looked our way. Big Dogg saw me and yelled, "Hey Tito, long time since you been in. Who's the hot bitch you got with you?" 

Everyone turned to look our way as Mercedes held my arm tightly. There were some whistles with guys saying to bring her over to them. Instead I walked her to the bar and we sat down. Big Dogg came over and asked again who I had with me. I finally answered, "Dogg, this is Mercedes. She's here as entertainment for Hammer on his birthday. So where is he?"

Big Dogg smiled and told me that it's still early and he hasn't arrived, but some of the guys are out on the deck setting up. Smiling I asked him to get Mercedes a Martini and to keep her safe until I get back. I left her at the bar as I went to see what the plan was for the evening. As I walked by the pool area there were 6 Asians playing pool. I figured they were the ones that had those speed Jap bikes in front. No real biker would be caught dead on those things. It's a Harley or nothing. 

Once I was outside, I saw Sam sitting with five other dudes drinking beer. Seeing me he yelled, "You did come after all Bro. I hope you brought Mercedes with you. I already told Hammer that I had a hot girl coming for him."

"Don't worry Sam," I spouted back. She's in the bar with Big Dogg. I told him to keep an eye on her." 

Two of the other guys got up to look. I could hear them whispering about her. Turning to me one guy asked, "So is the girl you are talking about dressed in a short black skirt with a stunning pair of limbs?" 

I told them she was. They laughed and asked if they could have a turn fucking her too. I chuckled and told them that Hammer was free, but everyone else had to pay 2 bills for one pop. Then Sam asked where we were going to fuck her at. I didn't even think about that. So I went scouting for a location with Sam coming along holding a camera. We walked down the path and found an old dirty mattress under a tree. Sam told me that it wouldn't do. So we walked back up and went behind the bar. I tried a sliding door and it opened to a storage area. We walked in and turned on a light. Sam smiled and said it would be perfect. Moving some of the boxes around, we found black leather, beat up, old couch hidden behind them. Sam removed the junk that was on it and I helped him move it to the center of the room. Then he found a towel and wiped the dust off it. He took his camera, found a spot on a metal shelf, and positioned it to point at the middle of the couch. He laughed when he told me that he would be able to watch all of the action and record it on his lap top. I chuckled at the thought of watching her getting hammered by Hammer. He found an outlet and ran the power to the camera. Then we hid it so just the lens could be seen, that is, if you knew what to look for.

Afterwards he said, "This is perfect Bro. I only have 90 minutes of battery for the camera, but now I don't have to worry. It can run as long as she's fucking someone."

He adjusted it with his remote and left to test it. We communicated by our cell phones, as I was lying on the couch. Then he told me it's all set. I left the light on, locked the door to the bar area, and went to check on Mercedes. 

Walking up the stairs to the bar, I looked for her. She wasn't where I left her. I panicked, until I saw her up in the pool area playing with the Asians. She saw me and smiled. Then she walked over to me, kissed me on my lips and said, "I was bored Tito. So I hope you don't mind me playing with these guys. They were very nice and I'm having fun." 

One of them yelled at her saying, "Hey gorgeous, it's your shot." Smiling, she quickly left. 

I went for a beer and came back to them playing. Every so often, she would bend over for a shot and the guys would stand behind her. I could tell by their expressions that she was showing them her bare cunt whenever she bent over. When she finally won a game, one of the Asians gave her a Martini to drink. He told her that it was a special drink for a winning the game. She took a sip of it, as they started another game. I watched, until Hammer finally showed. When I went back out to check on when they wanted Mercedes, there were over twenty guys and some biker chicks. Hammer was drinking beers and opening presents. I wished him a happy birthday and went to get Mercedes. 

I guess she just won another game and the Asians were telling her to drink the whole Martini. I watched as one of them made her tilt her head back and helped her swallow it all. When she finished I shouted, "Hey sexy, it's time for your entertainment. So finish up and let's go."

A short Asian, blurted back, "What the fuck dude. We just made her swallow." He was quickly hit by the older tall Asian to shut up. I thought that was weird, but didn't worry about it. 

He smiled and took Mercedes hand, kissed it and said, "I hope you come back for another game when you are done with your entertainment gig." 

"I don't know. It will depend on Tito. I was just having fun," she sensually replied. Then she walked to me. 

As Mercedes was walking ahead of me, the tall Asian grabbed my arm and said, "So how much to fuck your whore." 

I just hate fucking Asians, so I answered, "Dude you'll have to wait until everyone else is done and then if she still has enough energy, we can talk. But don't count on it." 

He laughed and sarcastically said, "Oh I'm sure she'll have more than enough energy for fucking tonight." 

As I walked fast to catch up with Mercedes, I looked back at him with an evil smile. It was like he knew something I didn't. Mercedes was waiting at the door for me. She was licking her lips and asked for some water. She told me that the last part of the drink was a little gritty and needed to drink something to wash it down. So I grabbed a beer and she took a big gulp. 

Smiling she said, "Oh that's much better now Tito. So which one is Hammer? I want to do him and leave, that is, if that is okay with you!"

Well it wasn't, but I would do whatever she desired. I didn't want her to become upset with me because I wanted her to come back next week for fucking that guy from the restaurant. So I just smiled and pointed out Hammer. She looked at him and told me he' wasn't as bad looking as she imagined. 

I guess for turning 50 he was still in good shape. He was a tall guy with graying long hair and beard. He was wearing a black vest and black leather pants. Seeing Mercedes, he nudged Sam and I could tell that he was asking if that was her. Sam said something back and he smiled in approval. I walked Mercedes over to him and introduced her to him. He took her hand and had her sit on his lap. Then he continued opening presents with her sitting on him. After some 30 minutes, he stood up and put Mercedes down. As he was telling everyone that he had another present to open. As she stood there, she suddenly fell back into me like she stumbled. I asked if she was okay.

She seemed a little wobbly but answered, "Oh Tito. I'm on fire. It's like an intense furnace that suddenly came on and just started blasting over me. I feel so hot and now my pussy is burning up. I don't know what is happening to me. I need to sit down."
