 Episode 1: The Contest

"Hey Sexy, why you hanging here? Why don't you come home with me?"

Lynn was finishing up my drink, "Sorry, don't date customers. Especially shameless chauvinists like you." I had known Lynn since high school. She was the gorgeous girl next door, and I was the 4.0 Track Star. Of course we had had our flings, but that had ended after graduation. While I had had many women through collage and a subsequent career as an architect, she would always be my first.

"Oh, don't be like that baby you know you love me."

If anyone else were at the bar right now, they would probably think I was about to get my face slapped. Anyone who wasn't a regular anyway.

"C'mon," I said, "You know you can't resist me. Just clock out, let’s go back to my place."

"Oh, why wait? Come back here and make a new woman out of me. I need you now."

It was all just playing around. Lynn has been dating my best friend Josh Brodda for the last three years. They've been living together for the last two. It seemed lately that Lynn and I were better friends than Josh and me. Whenever we met up we always acted like this. Maybe there was some sexual tension there, but the banter kind of reduced it. Whatever, it was fun.

"So, Damien, what are you doing here if your not gonna jump me?"

"Well Josh is 'sposed to meet me. He should have been here by now."

"He's never on time. That lazy ass couldn't even be home by 9 if I glued a clock to his forehead. Give him a half-hour."

"Yeah, too true."

I sat back and took a drink. Looking around at the place. Mikel Giorgio’s was trendy and popular. Restaurant, bar, nightclub all in one, it had been my regular haunt ever since it came up. I made it the center of business dinners, and I never failed to bring a first date here. I reacquainted myself with Lynn when she started as a cocktail waitress. She started dating Josh on my recommendation and we had always had a positive relationship. Vincetti's was also famous for all the beautiful women who he employed, but I digress.

"So, if your not gonna give me any lovin',” I said, "Did you at least get me a certain number?" I made a significant look over at the dinning area where an exquisitely hot little redhead had just started as a hostess. Petite, lithe, and just barely 21, Madison Vincent had been my wet dream as none other had since I first laid eyes on her. I had begged Lynn to get me a phone number and introduction, but she was taking her sweet time.

"Well, kinda..."

"Kinda?"

"We need to talk about it, but not tonight. Tomorrow night."

"Why not tonight?"

She nodded toward the entrance, Josh was just walking in. "Come to the house about 9:00 tomorrow. I want to get Josh on his way."

Josh came up to the bar and kissed Lynn, "The way you two are together all the time, maybe I should be worried."

"I try, bro, but she'll only put out for you." I said, winking.

"Well maybe I should leave you two alone and try and steal your latest, what’s her name? Tara?"

"You can have Tara. That didn’t even last two weeks. She wasn’t interested. But maybe Ill take yours anyway."

"And maybe I'll leave you two alone." Lynn admonished, in mock anger, "You obviously love yourselves so much, I'm not even needed. Stop talking like I'm not even here!"

"Yes, Mistress." We said in unison. A habit Josh started that we both keep going. Bugs the hell out of her.

"Ooh, you two!" She went to the back room to get her stuff.

"So, bro! Two weeks in Asia! How in Jebus' name do you pull all this luck out of your ass?"

"C'mon, you know I have all the luck, and you have all the skill, that’s why neither of us are in the gutter."

"Dude, I would sell my soul AND skill for half your luck." I said, finishing my drink.

Little did I know at the time...

--------------------------------------------

I was at Lynn's about a half hour before 9:00. Josh had caught his plane out about 2 hours earlier, and after seeing him off I had stopped by the office to get something to look over on the weekend. But work was only half on my mind. I was running through reasons Lynn wouldn’t tell me what was up last night. Madison probably said she didn’t want anything to do with me. Just my Fuckin luck... or lack thereof. Whatever. I could only cling to the hope that something more was up.

As I pulled up to Josh and Lynn's place, I couldn’t help but notice a lot of cars parked across the street. Neighbors must be throwing a party. Maybe I'd talk Lynn into crashing it.

I walked up and rang the bell. Lynn opened up almost immediately. She frowned. "Your Early." She made it sound like and accusation.

"Well, I couldn’t stand the thought of you being here all by yourself with your boyfriend three time zones away and getting farther by the minute, and not come over to take advantage of the situation." I grinned. I found a simple lopsided grin could disarm almost any situation.

"Well, you sexy beast, your early, I’m not ready for you yet. Take this and have a seat out there." She handed me a beer.

What could I do? I shrugged and took the offered drink and sat down on the beat up loveseat Josh always kept on the porch. "Yes Mistress!” I shouted as the door was closing. I could still hear a distinct "Knock that the hell off!!" from inside after it closed. 

I leaned back, and started reminiscing. God I loved that couch, me and Josh both chipped in and bought it when we were sixteen to put in the beat-up broke-down van we called our Shaggin-Wagon. We'd even fixed it up and turned it into a real road-tripping vehicle, and that couch was always there. Vegas, Mardi Graz, Venice Beach, Catalina... every spring break and summer trip had had one of us in the back of that van with someone we didn’t even know, panting and moaning on that couch. No one else who knew any of this would sit on it.

I had long finished my beer and was admiring the spectacular mid-summer sunset when Lynn finally opened the door. She came and sat down next to me. 

"Ok, listen up. I did do what you asked and went to Madison to try and pry a number out of her. The thing is she wouldn’t give until I told her who it was for."

I groaned. I didn’t want her to tell Madison who it was for so it wouldn’t seem like I was sending her in for me. I hated to seam like a coward.

"Shut up you big baby, it wasn’t like your thinking. But there was a problem..."

"I knew it she hates me."

"No, she thinks you’re sexy actually, for SOME reason. That’s not the problem. The problem is I was getting her number after closing and there was this group of us there, and well one thing led to another..."

"C'mon, just spit it out."

"Well when I told her who it was for, I had about four others jumping on me to give you their numbers while I was at it."

Yeah right. She had to be pulling my leg. I wasn’t the lucky one, Josh was. This kind of thing didn’t happen to me. I told her so.

"No, I’m serious. Then the five of them get to arguing over which one actually gets you. It was on the verge of getting ugly."

"Now I REALLY don’t believe you."

"REALLY! I’m not sure who came up with the Idea, but they got it worked out."

"What idea?"

What she when on to describe for me was definately the kind of thing you fantasize about but never get to experience. Apparently someone had suggested the Idea of a contest. I would date each of them one time, anything goes on the date. The lady plans it out, and I reap the rewards. "That’s ridiculous, stop making stuff up. If she shot me down, why don’t you just say so, instead of making weird stories up!" I got up to leave. I was even half way to my car when I herd "She’s not making it up."

It wasn’t Lynn.

I turned around, and standing there were the five most beautiful women I could imagine. I knew them all. The one who had spoken was Niccia Holmes, the DJ for Giorgio’s dance floor.

"We were all about to rip each others hair out over you." Kerry Anderson, one of Lynn's cocktail waitresses stepped forward.

Sensuous Gina McAddams leaned on the door and licked her lips. "If we cant get you to ourselves. We’ll at least get you for one day."

"Whoa," I said, stepping back a step, "What makes you think Ill go along with this?" I obviously wasn’t thinking very clearly, and I was reacting with a deer-in-the-headlights-like indecisiveness.

"Well, you’d be a fool not to." Pretty little Rachel Jones, said with a blush.

"And mostly, after all of this it’s not like you have any choice in the matter." Madison flashed me that smile that had attracted me to her almost from the moment I met her.

"C'mon girls, boy, lets get inside and get the party started before Daim has any time to think.

I suddenly found myself right in the middle of six insistent women pulling me inside. Lynn was true to her word; I didn’t have even an instant to organize my thoughts. Before I can even grasp the situation, I’m sitting on the couch. I’ve got my left arm around Kerry's shoulders as she snuggles against me. My right hand is in Niccia's lap, with her head on my shoulder. On the floor leaning against my legs are both Gina and Rachel. I wondered at the setup until I looked up to see Lynn putting in a video. She sat down in the recliner. Then I wondered at where Madison had gone... till I noticed two long legs on my chest. Apparently she had climbed into the windowsill above the couch and was now straddling my neck. I wondered why...

All thought fled my mind.

The movie Lynn had put in was porn! I couldn’t believe it! Its not like I hadn’t seen porn before, that wasn’t the deal. The big deal was that I was now watching porn with six women, five of which were pressed very close against me.

I guess all the stimulus around me was just too much. I think I snapped. Suddenly little details came to be larger than life. The little hole in the plaster I had made helping Josh move in. The single strand of hair on the face of the starlet on the TV, screaming while she gets roughly fucked, the fly buzzing around the room. In an instant I assessed all the women. Gina was older than me by maybe 4 years but she was no less the curvy raven haired center of all men’s attention young and old alike. Rachel wasn’t even old enough to enter most places at Giorgio’s. The tight young blond was leaning hard against my leg, and starting to breath heavily. Kerry was one of those large breasted, tan sun-worshipers that makes California famous, with silky, strait brown hair, and bright blue eyes, she could have any man she wanted, and frequently did or so it gets told. With extremely long, electric pink dyed hair, Niccia was often the only reason people went dancing at Viniceti's. She was gripping my hand, teasing my fingers against the crotch of her painted on black leather pants. I could see Lynn out of the corner of my eye... I think she was masturbating, I couldn’t really see. Madison’s legs on my shoulders were tightening and relaxing to the thrusting of the porn stars. 

I don’t even remember how it began.

I wasn’t even thinking as I took over feeling Niccia up without her holding my hand. Or when I slipped my left over Kerry’s should and down her lose white tank top. I just know that as reality snapped back at me, I was in control, and by god it was heaven. 

I wasn’t even seeing the porno anymore. My concentration was stretched trying to feel up two beautiful women to either side of me. As best I could I got Kerry's shirt up over her head and freed those magnificent breasts. As one hand toyed with her nipples, the other was tracing the top of Niccia's pants. I just went for it, and plunged my hand down the top and got my fingers down to Niccia's warm pussy. I was amazed how wet she was already. I was getting really excited rubbing a moistening slit and playing with sun kissed breasts. I didn’t know how much more I could take.

Apparently I didn’t get to make that choice as before I knew it, I had a squirming Gina in my lap, unbuttoning my shirt. She traced my Abs with one graceful finger. She traced the line up from my abs, between my pecks and up my neck. She brought it to my mouth and slipped it in. I let my tongue explore her finger, then bared my lips and bit playfully. Gina ran her own tongue over her full red lips, and came in for a kiss that I could meet only too eagerly. As our tongues played over each other and explored each other’s mouths, I didn’t even try and hide my growing erection. Apparently Gina got the 'point' so to speak, as she gasped and moved away, her eyes going to my crotch and back to my face, her eyes got wide, and then she attacked my face with an even more passionate kiss. Meanwhile Niccia was bucking her hips, riding up to meet my hand as I thrust first one then two fingers into her wonderfully warm wet snatch. Kerry was playing with her own pussy, having stripped of her shorts and down to her lacy red thong. She leaned up and moaned into my ear, then licked it. Playing her tongue from my ear to my jawbone was sending tingles up my spine, so I leaned into it and let out a moan of my own. 

For some reason, Gina moved off my lap, (I found out later that she got pushed off) and Kerry took her place. I was so proud of myself.

I didn’t even miss a beat.

The transition of my mouth from Gina's perfect lips to Kerry's perfect tits was so smooth that for an instant I wondered when I had gotten the sulky brunets blouse off. Didn’t matter. I took the hand that had been fondling Kerry's mound's, and moved it too her soft smooth ass. After playing around with the thong for a minute, I discovered that her ass wasn’t all that was smooth, she was completely shaved. Oh, god this turned me on. I lifter her off my lap, and reclaimed my hand from Niccia just long enough to get my shorts off, and her the get off her leather. My throbbing prick teased Kerry's pussy through the thin material of her panties. I slowly slid my tongue from one tit to the other, teasing each in turn with tongue, lips, and teeth. As I dimly heard some woman on the TV scream in orgasm, I wondered where Kerry’s heavy panting, and Niccia's whispers of "God, oh god' went. It was weirdly silent up there. Even after thinking this, it was long moment before I could pull away to investigate. What I saw almost sent me over.

They weren’t making any sound, because they were too busy making out.

This was the last straw. I moved over and put Kerry down next to Niccia. They twined arms, and really got into the kissing. I knelt behind Kerry on the couch and put my own arms around both of them, playfully nipping at Kerry’s neck while I let my fingers come around Niccia's ass to play with both her tight holes. If I didn’t do something soon I was going to explode. Not wanting to break the rhythm, I just pushed the crotch of Kerry’s thong over to the side and entered her from behind. While I knew I was far from the first to be there, I couldn’t tell it just from the penetration. She was still as tight as a virgin, in fact I was surprised for an instant that there was no cherry to pop. She threw her head back onto my shoulder and gasped, "oh, shit!"

Niccia pulled in close and I got my hand around enough to slip a finger up that super moist twat again. From me, then Kerry, then me again, I could tell she was getting close. As she kissed along Kerry’s neck, I could hear her making sharp gasps through her teeth, and I could feel her thighs twitching. 

It was hard not to pound Kerry like a jackhammer. But I controlled myself, and established a pattern that seemed to be doing the trick. As I was thrusting in alternating slow deep thrusts, and quick shallow ones, my fingers explored the tightness of Niccia’s sex. She had started panting "Oh shit, god, oh my god..." over and over, bringing her hips back into my hand to meet it. "Oh, fuck, I think, I’m... Oh god, Oh my GOD!!" The fluid coming out of her gushed all over my hand as she came. I wasn’t done with her yet though. I pulled my fingers out and just played them along the surface of her pussy, thinking to let her cool down just a little so I could bring her back up again. I was curious as to how long I could keep her going like that.

Aperantly it was a while, cause I was inside Kerry at least twenty more minutes before she too started coming, and Niccia was still going. Kerry pressed her shoulders against my chest and screamed as she came. With both her and Niccia yelling and moaning, and my dick firmly wrapped in that tight warmth, I couldn’t hold back any more. I thrust deep and fast as I came in her.

Most guys would be done now. Most guys would sit back and doze off in a warm post coital mind-haze. 

Most guys have never been in the same room with 6 very beautiful and very horny women.

With all the hormones scents and stimulus in this room, I wasn’t even REMOTLY done. I looked up to take stock of the situation; everything was still surreal and larger than life. Niccia and Kerry were still holding each other. Panting from the exertion of our little session. Someone had pulled out the hide-a-bed from the other couch and a nude Gina was trying to coax an obviously nervous Rachel out of her clothes. Madison was still in the windowsill; she had her shirt off and was rubbing her tits through her lacy black bra. Lynn was still in her chair, watching the porn; she had her skirt and panties around her ankles now and was really getting into it. The thought crossed my mind for a second that Josh wouldn’t like me watching his girl getting herself off.

But only for a second.

I let all thought go and I acted on instinct, I went right for Gina and the beautiful little teenager she was trying to get naked. I let her know I was there when my tongue found her clit. I think watching me eat out the sultry dark haired beauty was what finally banished the shy little blondes nervousness. She was out of her clothes before I knew it. Gina shifted me around and got me into a 69 position with her underneath. Oh god was she talented to. While I was too busy driving my tongue into that sweet snatch, I could feel her going all the way down. I had never been deepthroated before. And with my dick as sensitive as it was from fucking Kerry, I was soon gasping and twitching myself.

All the while, little Rachel watched us, moving a tentative hand toward her own pussy and fingering her nipples. I could see her out of the corner of my eye, and I liked what I saw. Her skin was flawless, and she had that perfect ass so many obsess on J.Lo. She wasn’t as curvy as Gina, or well endowed as Kerry, but my god she looked like a handful or two! 

I returned my attention to the task at hand, making this pussy in my face cum like never before. Thus it caught me by surprise when I felt Rachel wrap her arms around me and start kissing my neck. I lifted my head out of Gina’s legs and turned into Rachel’s kisses. Her mouth met mine. She pulled back a little at the taste of Gina on my lips, but soon enough, she had latched back on with a vengeance. I could almost feel the need coming off her; she had let go totally, and was now really into the sex. 


Gina freed my cock, and scooted out to get behind Rachel. I got onto my knees and embraced the tight blond more fully, falling deeper into the kiss. I could feel hands, Gina’s, come around the girl's waist to find her pussy. I let the head of my cock teas the entrance to that moistening hole. 

I was shocked when Rachel pulled back suddenly and cried out "NO!” 

I looked at her questioningly. "N-not yet, I-I'm a virgin."

Holy SHIT! A virgin! Just the thought of this sent new blood pounding into my already swollen cock. And when she turned over and presented that prefect little ass to me, I almost lost it there. I couldn’t fucking believe this! But I want going to let the opportunity go. I got down and slowly let my shaft enter her super tight ass hole. She winced, but I got the Idea she had done this before. So not a TOTAL virgin eh? I guess she had to give SOMEHING to her boyfriends. I pumped in and out slowly a first, but when she started rising up to meat me, I started going a little faster, and a little faster. 
