 (In Round Robin - Round 01, My wife Katie and I agreed to spend a weekend in New Orleans with two sets of couple friends, Robin and Ken, and Ted and Annie. Ken planted the seed of the idea to hand his wife over to us remaining guys to have our way with her, which we did last night, and then reciprocate by lending our women in the same way for a sexy round robin. The story picks up here.) 

ROUND 2

Even though I went to bed late, I still woke up early this morning. My mind is spinning from everything that happened last night. 

I had given a hundred percent last night double-teaming Robin and wouldn't have believed I had anything left in me, but when Katie got back home we were both so horny she wanted to play "hop on pop," her nickname for being on top. She sat me down on the purple velvet sofa, straddled and rode me until she extracted an orgasm as a trophy for herself. 

The scenes of the evening replayed in my head all night long and I didn't sleep well. Even after Katie was finished with me, I got myself worked up and jerked off two more times while she slept. The last one hurt, it felt like my ductwork was collapsing on itself. I knew I should be saving myself for today but couldn't help myself. The sexual energy in this house is palpable. 

When my eyes popped open this morning, the sight of Katie's partially covered, long, thin, goddess-like naked body called me. She doesn't like waking up early, but never minds a morning massage. My primary love language is touch and touching her seems to fulfill my own needs just as much as being touched by her.

I've done this hundreds of times, starting with the shoulder that happens to be pointing up as she faces away from me. Using the full pressure of my open palm I work my way up and down from her neck to her ass, slipping in a firm grasp of her ass with each pass disguising it as part of the massage. 

I work my way down to her wrists, hands, and each and every finger. From a dead sleep, she'll stir slightly and sigh approval, backing her ass into me and let out quiet sweet moans of affirmation to proceed. I park my hard-on between her ass cheeks as I work her upper half, stealing a little genital stimulation for myself with my hotdog in her bun. 

I eventually submerge under the sheets to work her legs and position my face close enough to fully inhale the scent wafting up from her crevice. She used to ask, "what are you doing down there?" but no longer bothers. I love smells, from freshly clean to partially ripe, especially day or two used pussy. I find it slightly repelling and alluring at the same time. 

As I meander down her upper thighs, I'll let the back of my hand come up to graze her crotch and glaze myself with the moisture to sniff and get high on while I massage her legs lovingly and deeply. When I get down past the knees I'll flip over, parking ass to ass and pulling one of her legs up between mine to focus and work on her ankles and feet. I love feet. I'm actually making love to the under arches of her feet with my hands, letting her feel completely caressed by the masculine energy and grip and deeply massaging with the full strength of my thumbs. 

By this point, precum is oozing from the tip of my dick onto the back of her calf. Rounding out the side with her foot, I give the command to "flip." She rolls onto her other side. I hop over her and repeat the whole process on the second hemisphere. 

I'm always amazed at how ramped up I get giving her a massage. It gets my motor running to the point I'm vibrating with sexual energy. We have a loose agreement that a morning massage buys a morning quickie if I want it. Today I decided to skip it, meditate by the pool while it's quiet and cool, and save myself for later. 

THE BREAKFAST CLUB

My partner in crime from last night, Ted, is first up and the only person in the kitchen to greet me when I come in from the pool.

"Good mornin'" he says with a grin. 

"Yeah, good mornin' to you too, what's up?" probing a bit. 

"Everything's cool"

"Annie?" I cautiously ask, hoping his girlfriend didn't sour after the swap. 

"Yeah, she's cool"

"Wow: okay, great" 

"What about Katie?" 

"Didn't bother her either. She took me back to the room and fucked the shit out of me." 

We both shook our heads, laughing at our good fortune. Robin saunters in wearing a white silky short kimono with Ken tagging along in his bathrobe. 

Multiple "mornin's" are exchanged piercing the air of awkwardness in the room. Robin glides up and gives me a peck on the cheek and waltzes over to Ted reaching up to kiss him too. I watch Ken, closely gauging his reaction. 

"Thank you guys, I got the best blow job of my life last night then jerked off four more times," he adds with his usual inappropriate candor. 

"Our pleasure," Ted slightly bows and tilts his head acknowledging the favor. 

The threesome is choking back eye contact while uncontrollably letting smiles of guilt slip. Ken is being totally sincere and appreciative. I feel an urge to walk over and give him a hug, it's endearing. It's obvious, lending out his wife was good for him. 

We all know it'll be a while before the other girls make an appearance, but this little foursome seems to be perfectly happy with the arrangement so far.

We decide to skip group activities for the day and agree to let everyone do what they want. Ted says Annie wants to hang out by the pool. I know Katie wants to hit some thrift shops. We part ways and agree to pow wow at seven p.m. after free-time, and play the evening by ear, no pressure, no expectations. There's an element of uncertainty hanging over the group about what, if anything, is going to happen. Will we continue the Round Robin? If so, who's next? Is everyone on board? I assume Katie's still game and I'm not going to be a hypocrite after getting mine last night. 

Annie is the only unknown quantity. She's a little aloof and although she's been around us for a few years is still the "new girl" by comparison. 

MACHINE LEARNING

Katie and I return to the house after putzing around town for most of the day to squeeze in a nap before the night activities begin. Ted intercepts us in the foyer. 

"Hey guys." 

"Hey."

"Got a minute, I want to show you something?" directing his question to me. 

"Sure." 

The three of us head up the first flight of stairs. Katie splits off to our bedroom while Ted keeps moving for the next floor. 

"I'll be right back," I assure Katie. 

Ted leads me into the third-floor playroom. 

"This is my fucking machine," Ted points proudly to a carpet covered contraption about the size of a large toolbox. It's bolted and floating inside of an adjustable metal frame allowing the entire toolbox to slide up and down for height, and pivot to any desired angle. It has a three-foot metal rod protruding from one end with a thick eight-inch dildo attached to the end of the rod. He gathers a long electric cord coming from the side and lets it thread through his palm, tracing it a good six feet and culminating in a small black plastic control box with a rotating knob on it. A big smile spreads across his face as he holds up the controller, pausing as in "watch this." With the slightest turn of the dial, the rod lumbers into action slowly pulsating back and forth. As he twists the knob the dildo speeds up and flails wildly. 

"Well I can see why a girl would like this," there's a touch of shock, awe, and defeat in my voice. 

He flips the cover of the toolbox open to reveal the mechanics. It's driven by a serious looking electric motor. 

"Look you can adjust the stroke depth, tilt it to any angle in this frame, and go as fast or as slow as you want." He explains with boyish enthusiasm. 

"I love it." 

"The whole thing fits in this bag." 

"I was wondering where you keep this." 

"Okay so here's the deal. Nothing personal, but Annie doesn't want to fuck you or Ken, but doesn't want to spoil it for everybody. She's willing to let y'all fuck her with the machine when it's her turn if that sounds fair."

"Ha ha, go get her." 

"What do you think?" he asks apologetically double-checking. 

"Oh hell yeah, I'm not going to feel cheated and I know Ken won't. He doesn't get fucked anyway. This is hot, believe me." 

"Alright, I'm just going to leave it out and plugged in." 

"The other girls are gonna want a turn. Hell, I'm going to end up having to get one for Katie after she sees this. Did you build it yourself?"

"No, bought it from a guy who sells them online, 'Ken's twisted mind'." 

"Maybe it's our Ken?" 

"We'd all have beta versions already if it was."

I headed back down to squeeze in my nap but now my mind was racing with visions of Annie and the machine. I stripped naked and slipped under the sheets next to Katie in the drape-darkened sleep chamber. 

"What did he want to show you?" she asked. 

"Annie's fucking machine." 

"Fucking machine?" 

"Yeah, when you see it you're going to want to try it, probably make me buy you one."

"Is it a Sybian?" 

"No, it's a homemade looking thing with a detachable dildo on the end that pumps in and out." 

"Ooh, fun." 

"Yeah, and it never gets tired or goes limp." 

"My kind of guy." 

"Uh huh, I bet. Ok go to sleep, I'll show you when we wake up." 

Katie rolls over and backs her ass up letting me park my dick in it's favorite parking spot and rest up for what lies ahead. 

SHORTER STRAWS AND LONGEST DICKS

When we wake up I tell Katie the whole story about Annie's ground rules and take her upstairs for a glimpse of Ken's twisted mind. Just as I suspect, she salivates at the sight of it. She couldn't stop talking about it which meant Ken and Robin demanded to see it too. 

It's only six-fifteen, but everyone ends up early around the pool bar. Robin had prepared a beautiful spread of nibbles and snacks which we were devouring like starving animals. Annie is a pool junkie. I think that's where she spent the entire day. I couldn't keep from glancing down at her wet unbuttoned blue jean shorty shorts she pulled on still revealing her white bikini bottoms, not to mention her nice firm fake tits barely covered with white triangles. I'm already having voyeuristic dreams of her and "the machine."

"So what's on the agenda tonight?" I asked, "no one's even close to being ready." 

"I say we flip for that machine!" Katie blurts out, evoking laughter from everyone. 

"It's down to you and Annie now," Robin chimes in graciously as she reaches for the party tray and picks up a pretzel stick. 

She breaks the pretzel off center and palms the pieces with two ends poking up evenly. 

"Longest stick wins!" 

"Longest dick wins?" Ken bombs. 

Katie reaches out first and snaps a tiny piece of a pretzel holding it up. 

"You win Annie! Go ahead and play with the boys and your toy while we take Ted off your hands," She muses, "I hope you're going to share that too with us." 

A guffaw erupts as once again Katie steers the game to her liking, not that it really matters to anyone. Everyone is super relaxed and happy to go with the flow. I'm surprised by the lack of jealousy. No one seems threatened or worked up in the least about giving up their partner or being left out. It's more of a "here, take 'em" mentality. Part of me feels a bit disposable and wouldn't mind hearing at least a little resistance even if feigned. 

Katie saunters off to get dressed. Robin ducks out too while the rest of us continue to talk. 

"Is there anywhere special you'd like to go for dinner?" I ask Annie. 

"What if we just hang out and order something?" 

"That's good with me," Ken adds, displaying his usual agreeableness. 

"I like that idea too."

Thinking ahead, it would certainly be less awkward starting from here instead of going out and having to come back and put Annie at ease again. She already seems so happy and comfortable on her home turf by the pool. 

"Looks like you have it figured out," Ted says bowing out of the conversation, officially putting her into our care. 

Annie follows Ted inside, turning to reassure us, "don't worry, I'm coming back." 

"Okay!" Ken and I chime together.

"We'll come up with some dinner options," I add stepping into a spirit of service. 

IT'S GO TIME

Both of our wives came down the stairs once again looking hot and delicious, toned down just a bit compared to last night. Robin in white jeans, black tank top, and mules. Katie wearing skinny jeans, tits spilling out of a grey tight top and finished off with her favorite edgy heels with a sock-height fishnet built right into the shoe just over her ankles. They both look extremely fuckable. Ted bounds down after them and looks like the perfect escort in his sports coat, starched white shirt, and perfect rich-boy hair. No sign of Annie yet. 

Our girls give us a kiss and wish us fun and good luck as they head out, turning the place over to the three of us. We return to our bar stools by the pool nursing our drinks while we wait in awkward anticipation. 

Annie eventually returns in a see-through mesh cover-up. She's still in the same bikini without the shorts but added a pair of brown cork platform heels to upgrade the outfit. She looks taller which further highlights her long slender beauty. I appreciate the effort she made to dress up for us, it's sexy and accessible and I love platform shoes. She's the perfect mix of super cute meets hot. 

I'm looking at her with a new hunger as she casually holds up her hand, "Y'all wanna smoke?" revealing a fat joint. She's being so friendly and engaging I start to feel jittery and nervous and totally out of my element with her. I try to calm myself down and not let it show. 

"Yeah sure," we kind of stumble over ourselves in quick agreement, possibly too eager. 

It's a crystal clear night out. Passing the joint is creating a sense of connection between us even though there's not much talking going on beyond the occasional, "'ear" with each pass. 

As we wind down to the roach she continues to take the lead while we cautiously defer, "I'm not hungry yet, why don't we go upstairs first?" 

"Ah Okay, sure." Once again stumbling a bit over our nerdy selves in an attempt to be cool with everything. 

We follow her up the stairs. Her ass is hypnotizing with each slow and deliberate step. "Trust in me" is what I'm hearing in the voice of Kaa from the Jungle Book as I slither up behind her. 

As we enter the Playspace, she heads past the sling hanging from the rafters and straight for the two King sized beds pushed together on the far wall tucked behind a huge brick support column. A large gold framed mirror hangs from the column perfectly positioned to reflect the action zone. As she nears the edge of the mattress she reaches under her cover-up and nonchalantly pulls down and steps out of her bikini bottoms and crawls onto the bed. 

"You can get comfortable too if you want," she offers. 

I'm half erect just catching a backside glance of her sweet shaved crotch as she crawls away on all fours. I slip out of my shoes and drop my shorts to the floor as she flips onto her back and starts maneuvering into position near the end of the hovering dildo like it's an old friend. Her pubescent-looking pussy is tantalizing through the sheer mesh.

Ken instantly stripped completely naked and my eyes can't help being drawn to the biggest dick I've ever seen in person, and it's only semi-erect. 

"Oh my God Ken, you're blessed," I say out-loud with due respect, now even more perplexed why his wife doesn't fuck him. Now I'm jealous because I know Katie is going to have a field day with that cock when she sees it. 

I can see Annie's reaction too as she catches sight of it. It's easily as big as the dildo on the fucking machine which I'd thought was a bit exaggerated. 

I bring my attention back to helping Annie position the machine, tilting the toolbox to aim down to her bare snatch from above. She pulls a pillow under her lower back to tilt her hips up to meet the probe at the perfect angle. 

She grabs the controller herself and turns it just a hair to slowly retract the shaft back into the toolbox as far as it will go, maybe 6 inches. Then with her mesh dress pulled up to her hips, scooches even closer toward the end of the dildo until it touches her pussy like taking her mark on a stage. She reaches forward to tilt the dildo and aluminum shaft up and out of the way momentarily to finger herself and rub the juices on her opening. 

"Can you put a little lube on the dildo?" she asks sweetly. 

I'm happy to help and grab the small bottle near the machine, squeezing a small squirt onto the rubbery dildo and palming a nice coat onto the shaft. 

She parts her lips open with one hand and tilts the shaft back down for a perfect aim. Knees bent, sexy shoes in position, and with an artful orchestration of motion, you can tell she's done this many times before. The concert is about to start. 

She looks magnificent. My dick is popping out above the band of my Calvin's. I was hoping to impress her with my reveal but after sizing up the machine plus now seeing Ken, I'm the short pretzel and low man on the pole. 

Annie twists the controller with one hand while holding herself open with the other and the shaft slowly pushes and fights its way inside her as she maneuvers her hips to meet and take it all. After a few slow and steady lubricating strokes she gently increases the speed until it's pumping at a nice rhythmic easy pace. The dildo is realistic enough that if you ignore the grinding sound of the motor and metal shaft, I can adjust my gaze and it looks like a real person is fucking her. 

I make my first move to reach down and caress her perfectly pedicured foot through the leather bands of her shoe. 

Ken in his usual boldness is kneeling up on the bed near her waist getting a front-row view while petting his python. 

Annie gestures the controller my way for me to take over. I give it the tiniest of turns to speed things up a bit more while remaining at full attention, reading the clues as to what and how she wants it. She's quietly moaning as the machine works her over and what a beautiful sight. To my surprise, she reaches her left hand over to grab Ken's dick and takes over stroking duties. He's happy. I'm mesmerized. 

She pats the bed and motions for me to climb up next to her. I crawl toward her while staying mindful of my controller duties. She presses her free hand against the outside of my silky microfiber underwear rubbing my shaft up and down. As she increases her vigor on me and Ken, I take it as a sign to match the rhythm by turning up the controller. The fake dick starts gyrating like a piston as fast as the best man could muster. There's still plenty of room on the dial for more. 

She's gripping and stroking Ken now with gusto. I pull my underwear down with my free hand so she can grab me too, manning the controller while she yanks us both. 

Her moans have become a constant stream of pleasure as our mechanical friend pounds the hell out of her. I experiment with slowing down and speeding up to keep things varied and interesting for her. The dildo is glistening now and a creamy buildup of her own juices is collecting in a ring around her pussy. She begins pulling Ken toward her so he shuffles on his knees closer to accommodate her. 

I take mental ownership of the machine dick and claim it as my surrogate to compete with Ken. "Oh yeah, Ken, look at how I'm giving it to her" is the running commentary in my mind. 

She pulls on him and uses the leverage to begin craning her neck off the mattress. Ken meets her halfway getting his monster dick close enough for her to wrap her lips around it while her lower body shakes. He leans over her and starts pumping in and out of her mouth while she hangs on to the base of his shaft to regulate the depth of each pump without gagging. There's plenty more left she's not taking. 
