 A few weeks ago, I went to a local 'fast food restaurant' for breakfast, which is the norm for me. I am divorced and live alone and I see no profit in buying eggs, bacon, bread, sausage, and all that stuff, taking the time to prepare it and then cleaning up afterward. So shoot me, I am going to eat out for breakfast. 

Anyway, I got there and went inside and of course, there are always some people in front of me to order. The person immediately in front of me was a young lady in a great pair of jeans and one of those stretchy tube top things, carrying a loaded backpack. When she ordered, she ordered a cup of water and a small coffee. So, being the nice guy that I am, raised in the country, I said to her "That ain't much nourishment for a young lady carrying a load like you are honey." She turned and looked at me and I could see the distress in her eyes, and on her face. I started to apologize for interfering, but she answered first.

She whispered, "I know, but I'm broke!" and then a tear rolled down her pretty cheek.

I said, "Order you something to eat little lady, just come and sit with me while we eat."

She ordered and I added mine to it and paid for it all. When it was up, we went and sat down to eat. As we divided up the food on the tray, I said "Let me start the conversation by telling you that my name is Jeremy."

"I'm LeAnne, Jeremy. Thank you so much for this. I really am starved!"

We started to eat. But let me give you an idea of what we are working with here. I am 37 years old, 6'2" tall, weigh 210 pounds, full head of brown hair and I have blue eyes. I also carry a 46" chest and a 32" waist. I am in pretty good shape, for one who doesn't really try to take care of himself.

LeAnne is in her mid 20's, about 5'5", maybe 120 pounds, probably a C cup chest, and Jeez, an easy 36" butt, that is well rounded and fills her jeans perfectly. She has sandy brown hair, blue eyes, a nice smile, on an average pretty face. Nope, she is no beauty queen, but she is very nice and hot!

After a couple of bites, LeAnne said, "Thank you again Jeremy. It has been a couple of days since I ate anything. So I really appreciate this!" She took another bite.

"Now why is it that you haven't eaten in a couple of days, young lady?" I asked, trying to sound like my Father would.

The tears flowed this time. She put her food down and bowed her head and cried for a couple of minutes. Then she got herself under control and wiped her eyes with a napkin and looked up at me and said, "I ran away Jeremy. I drove my car till I ran out of gas, then I started walking."

Husband, boyfriend, Father, step-father?"

"Husband." She took another bite. "He swore he'd kill me and leave my body for the coyotes. I believe him." She took another bite.

"Ok, when was the last time you slept, securely and comfortably? Had a bath?"

"Oh god Jeremy, do I smell, really?"

"No, no, you don't smell, LeAnne, I'm just asking."

"Well, I don't sleep unless I am sure that I am safe, where ever I am. A bath? Well, it's been .... today is my third day without one."

Soon we finished eating. I reached in my back pocket and pulled out my wallet. LeAnne looked at me and said, "No Jeremy. You are far too kind. But I won't take money from you."

I pulled my driver's license out and with a light giggle, I handed it to her and said "Memorize the name, specifications and address LeAnne."

"Ok, Jeremy, what are you trying to tell me sir?"

"That's for you own peace of mind LeAnne. I really think you are someone that I can trust, so I want you to come to my house and take a bath, get some sleep and wash your clothes, while I go to work."

"Jeremy! Are you crazy? You don't know me, I don't know you. I could rob your house and be long gone before you come home from work!"

"LeAnne, I'm only 37 years old, but I have met a lot of people in those years. Did business with a host of them! I have learned to read people pretty good. Besides, my wife took everything of value when she left me, so robbery is not a concern. Now come on, I don't live far from here." I said as I got up out of my chair.

"You are a strange man, Jeremy. But thank God for you! I need a bath, and some sleep. Thank you. But I doubt I'll ever get to pay you back for any of this." She said as she followed me out of the place.

As we rode, I said "LeAnne, where are you going? What are you going to do when you get there?"

"I'm going to my home. Where my Daddy is. He will protect me from that stupid asshole."

I thought for a minute and then I said, "LeAnne, do you really want to go there? Daddy can't watch you 24/7. He has to sleep, work, go to the bathroom. What about other family members? And won't that be the first place he looks for you? At your family home?"

"Oh God Jeremy. I hadn't even thought about that. My whole family would be in danger. My little sister and brother, and my Mom! Jeremy! What can I do?" She started crying again, just as we turned in to my driveway.

"It ain't much, but it's mine and it's home. You are welcome, and safe, in my home LeAnne."

We went inside and I showed her where the bathroom is, where the second bedroom is. I said, "Since there is never anyone here, I don't bother with making my bed very often. You can sleep in here, it's clean and comfortable. There is food and drinks in the kitchen. And here just off the kitchen is the laundry room with all the soaps and bleaches and stuff you need. I suggest you wash your clothes while you bathe, then dry them while you sleep. I'll be back around noon. Now if you decide you must rob me, please leave the Craftsman clock here. I won it in a contest and it's all she left me when she left."

She laughed and lightly punched me in the chest. "Silly man! Go to work. I'll be fine. And Jeremy, I promise you sir, I will be here when you get back home, whenever it is. OK?"

"Lock the doors and don't answer it for anybody, and I mean that, not anybody! Understand?" I turned and walked out and went to work.

Now I was raised in the country, on a farm. But I was always working on things. So it was only natural that I go to Tech School for auto mechanics and then I moved to the city and started my own shop. It is a pretty good-sized shop. Of course I run it daily but I do have an assistant manager. He has been with me a long time, so I trust him. All I do, most of the time now anyway, is write estimates, order parts, collect money, help a mechanic now and then, that sort of stuff. Anyway, at lunchtime, I told my assistant to take over and I was going to take care of something personal. 

I arrived home at about 12:30 PM. I always use the kitchen door to enter the house. It's closest to the driveway. I opened the door and walked in, looked around, went to the living room, looked around and said to myself, "Damn her fine little ass! I should just kick that gorgeous ass good and hard!" Dammit, she had cleaned and straightened the whole damned house. So I went to the guest bedroom. It was empty and the bed hadn't been slept in. She must have skipped. I went to the laundry room and the dryer was full of her clothes. I took them out. I checked the washer. It had the sheets from my bed in there! Dammit!! "She's gone to sleep in the tub and now she is in trouble!" I thought. I dashed to the bathroom. Empty and spotless! There is only one place left. I slowly opened the door to my bedroom. 'OH MY GOD!!' I thought. She was in my bed and the sheet had worked its way down and uncovered her lovely breasts! I closed the door and knocked.

"Just a second Jeremy!" She yelled. Then she opened the door, wearing one of my tee-shirts. I couldn't move. I just stood there, gawking at her. She reached out and pushed me back against the wall in the hall. She smiled and said "Jeremy, Jeez, haven't you ever seen a woman in a tee-shirt before?"

I just wanted to grab her and devour her whole! She was a goddess! But I couldn't move. Finally, I said "I stopped on the way home and got us a sub sandwich and some chips, I hope you can eat one!"

I went to the kitchen, first. I couldn't walk behind that ass! I'd attack it! She came in and sat down and I took the subs out of the bag and gave her one and some chips and got her a soft drink out of the fridge, then I sat down opposite her at the table with mine. At least now I would have the table top between her body and my eyes!

"You know I should kick your butt, don't you?" I asked her, looking down at my sandwich.

"Whatever for Jeremy? Teasing you?" She said, smiling.

"NO, you spent a lot of time cleaning and straightening here when you were supposed to be sleeping!"

"Oh, that. That only took a few minutes. I owed you that Jeremy. And a lot more. Want to collect some of that?"

My head jerked up at that and I looked at her. My mouth wouldn't work. There was nothing in the world that I wanted more than to love this little lady! In every room, on every piece of furniture! And every square foot of floor space! But what my mouth said when it finally did speak was that I had taken her clothes out of the dryer for her.

She smiled and continued to eat.

"I've been thinking about you all morning LeAnne."

She smiled and looked down at her body. I said "NO, not like that!"

"Oh, you think you have me figured out huh?"

"No, I will never waste my time trying to figure out women. Too complicated. Anyway, I've been thinking about what we need to do to protect you. But to complete my plan, I need to know where you are from, and where your daddy lives."

She told me where her 'husband' lives and where her Dad and family live. She said, "I hope you can come up with some way I can contact them and let them know that I'm ok and everything!"

"Oh, we'll figure out something honey. Did you have a job back there? Is someone going to report you missing?"

"Probably my neighbor and best friend ... she'll miss me and she'll figure it out. She witnessed a lot of his abuse. She and I were really tight. She'll report me missing. Is that a good thing?"

"I think so, yeah, because the cops will start their search with your home. Then they'll call your parents. Since you have been gone now for what ... three days? They might already be looking for you!"

We were silent for a minute, and I just sat there looking ... no, devouring her with my eyes. I got up and stepped around the table and got down on my knees in front of her. "What are you doing Jeremy?" 

"LeAnne, I want to taste you honey, I want to taste your honey. I want to feel you on my tongue and my lips. Please sweety. And I want it to be because you want to do it, not as a payback for anything. You are just so gorgeous, I just have to have you honey!"

"Well, I offered it to you a few minutes ago Jeremy! I want it too honey. But I want to feel your cock inside me too! Does it really matter what we do it for, as long as we do it? I need some good fucking Jeremy! And evidently you do too!" She pulled her tee-shirt up and slid her butt to the edge of the chair and looked at me and said "Please Jeremy, make me feel good about being a woman again. Make me cum honey!! Make me cum for you!"

I kissed her knee and started licking up her thigh and then back down the other one, up the first one licking and kissing and when I got to that wonderful 'Y', she grabbed a hand full of my hair and pulled me to her hot, sweet smelling, wet pussy. I slid my tongue out and let it caress the outer lips for her and she started jerking her ass and moaning. I reached around her hips and got her ass cheeks in each hand and held her tight to my face and I buried my face in her pussy. I sucked her lips, her clit, I bit them, nibbled on them, everything I could think of to do, I did it to her. She was all over the chair with her ass movements. I loved her pussy. I made love to her pussy. I made her pussy love me! 

She started moaning louder and louder and then she started crying out "Oh Jeremy ... Jeremy ... Oh baby ....yes honey... do it to me good... I love how you make me feel honey! Oh gawd baby don't stop.. I'm getting there oh fuck ... yes baby suck me hard honey!! Bite me oh gawd make my pussy hurt honey!!!" Then she was cumming, hard and long and crying out how much she loved it! "Oh yes baby, I love it! I love your tongue ... tongue fuck me honey .... Ohhhhhhhh yyyyyseeesssssss!!!!"

I tongued her pussy till she stopped moving, then I raised up and looked at her. Her head was back over the back of the chair and her mouth was open, her chest was heaving from her hard breathing. I sat back down in my chair and waited for her to calm back down. 

Soon her head rose up and she smiled at me and said "Oh Jeremy, you did that so good!! I haven't been eaten with that much enthusiasm since I was in college!! Thank you baby! Thank you!" 

She sat there for a minute longer and she rose up and said, "Ok lover boy, your turn now to receive the blowjob of your life! I have to warn you, my mouth is a registered, lethal sucking machine!" She laughed.

"Well, turn that sucker on baby!! Give me a demonstration of its awesome power!" I said, laughing.

She got down on her knees in front of me and undid the buttons on my pants and pulled them off me, and then she pulled my boxers off me too. My cock was standing up at attention for her. "Ummm it looks so good Jeremy. I think I want the whole thing!!!" 

"Well take all you want baby, but eat all you take!!" I said with a smile. Sex is fun if you make it that way.

She leaned down and licked my balls and my dick from the base to the tip and then circled the head with her tongue. She opened her mouth and her head went down and she didn't stop till her lips were in my pubic hair! I cried out "Oh my fucking gawd! Do it baby!!!"

She came up off my dick and said "My first year of college, I was the blow-job queen! I was the best on campus! Then I grew up and knew that wasn't so kool any more!" Then she went back to work on my hard cock. I just knew she was going to suck my balls out through my dick! She was awesome with her sucking. Of course, every two or three times she went down, she went all the way down and I could feel every fiber in her throat, ever vein, every muscle or whatever is in your throat. It was the best, without a doubt, THE BEST blow-job I have ever had! It only took her a few minutes to get me off. I warned her that it was coming and she never slowed down. On the first pulse, she shoved her mouth all the way down on it and stayed there till I was finished cumming. She was the BEST!! 

I fell back against the back of the chair and just laid there .... drained ... sucked dry! Jeez how good she is!!!

She rose up and sat back in her chair and smiled. When I was strong enough to move again, I reached and got her hand and led her to the bedroom. We fell over on the bed and began to kiss and snuggle and kiss some more. I sucked her titties and nibbled on her nipples and she nibbled on mine. She knew very well how to love a man. She was really hot and so was I!!! I wanted to see if her pussy was as good as her mouth! I kept kissing down her fantastic body till I got to that glorious 'Y', then I moved over and kissed and licked down one leg all the way to her toes, which I sucked on individually, saving the big toe till last. When I sucked it into my mouth she started moaning and groaning and humping the bed and she moaned out, "Oh my gawd Jeremy!! What are you trying to do, give me a heart attack? That is so fucking good baby!! No one has ever even touched my feet that way. Oh Jeremy, please, suck my toes. I love it!! It's so good baby!!"

I reached and got her other foot and quickly moved from one to the other and started with the little toe and moved up to the big one. She was really shaking on the bed now. Her head was tossing from side to side, and her moans were getting louder and more constant. I tongued all over her big toe, and sucked it into my mouth and sucked hard on it. "Oh gawd Jeremy, oh yes yes wonderful!!! She was getting weaker with her yells now. 

I kissed and licked up the other leg till I got back to that wonderful 'Y' again and then I pushed her legs apart and licked from the bed sheet on her ass, up to the top of her pussy mound with the flat of my tongue. 

She started humping up to try to get my face in more contact with her mound. I slid both hands under her ass and pushed it up to my face and slid my tongue inside her as far as I could stretch it.

YES!!!!!!Yeeesssssssss!!! Ohhhhh Fuuccckkkkkk!! Jer........ohhhhh ohhhhh gooddd baby!!!!

I sucked her clit into my mouth and flicked the tip of it with the tip of my tongue. She screamed again.

I lifted her ass and stuck my tongue against her asshole and she screamed out "Oh gawd Jeremy.....I'mm cuuuuummminggggggg!!!! Ohhhhh Jerrrrr.......Ohhhhh its soooooo gooddddddd!"

I licked lightly on her asshole, her pussy and her clit, till she could breathe again. Then I rose up and looked at her sweet beautiful face on the horizon of her beautiful body. She was a goddess to me. I would keep her satisfied as long as she would let me.

Soon her head rose up and she smiled down at me and said "Jeremy, I can't ever remember having an orgasm that strong!! That was so intense honey!! Where did you learn all that stuff?"

"I'm proud to say darlin', I am self-taught!! I trust that was satisfactory to you?" I said, kidding and smiling at her.

"Oh honey!! 'Satisfactory' doesn't even come close to describing the orgasm that you just gave me! 

"Well, honey, (I started crawling up over her body) I just hope I can satisfy you just as well with this hard dick! If I can do that, then you have to just move in here and stay!" I said with a big grin on my face.

"Well, Jeremy, if you can do that twice in a row, .... I'll go get a job and keep you as a sex slave honey!"

We both laughed as she took my cock in her hand and guided it as I slowly lowered myself into her wonderfully hot pleasure canal. Oh jeez it was hot and so snug, and fuck! SO wet! It was like no other pussy I had ever entered. I can't detail the feeling, it was just different. And from the instant I entered her, her pussy started massaging my cock!! I might cum before I ever move inside her! The sensation was so incredible! I was on my elbows and I took her head in my hands and pulled her face to me and my lips made love to her lips. I have never been so thrilled, so satisfied, so 'feeling' in my entire life. This was the most incredible woman I had ever met.

Slowly we started moving, pumping my cock in and out of her pussy, leaving just the head inside her, going slowly and savoring the intensity of the feelings I was getting from her pussy. She was humping hard against me now, trying to make me go faster, to go deeper, and harder. But I wanted to savor this incredible woman's love for as long as I could.

She reached over my leg and dipped her fingers into her very sopping wet pussy and then started rubbing a circle around my ass hole. I couldn't take that!! She wasn't trying to get inside, just to tantalize the outer ring. She knew what she was doing! Suddenly her legs drew up and her heels slammed into my back and she yelled out "NOW!!!! FUCK me now Jeremy!!! HARD baby!!!! God I love your fucking me!!! I love your fucking cock!!! I love everything about you dammit, fuck me Jeremy I'mmmmm cuuummmmmiiiinggngggg!!!!!!!!!"

I couldn't take any more and I blasted my load into her as I slammed my body against hers going as deep as was possible!! I just held it there and her pussy literally milked me dry. 

I pulled her face up to mine and kissed her again and said, "You are the absolute best in the world baby!!" 

Then I just collapsed on top of her and rolled to her side. I don't think either of us moved for the next 2 hours. We immediately went to sleep. Exhausted. 

She woke up first and then woke me up and kissed me and said "Thank you Jeremy, so very much for that! I can't remember ever being so thrilled at being made love to as I have been today!!"
