 About 10 years ago, during my pre-married days I almost entered the swinging lifestyle. I was single but desperately wanted to be part of a threesome. The problem was, I had no idea how to go about it. One day, the idea came to me to go on Craigslist and find myself a couple to play with.

I found an ad that stood out and emailed myself the link. Then, I got freaked out. All these nightmare stories about Craigslist disasters came out in the news and I put the idea on the back burner and just focused on other means of dating. More mainstream ones. 

I began a good-on-paper type relationship with a guy I felt was compatible for me. I told him I'd had a threesome in the past and that I'm bisexual. He didn't judge me but I could tell he wasn't into that kind of fun. So, I put those ideas on the back burner too. We eventually married but that need to play with both sexes was still inside of me. 

Ten years later and present day, the marriage has fallen apart for various reasons. We've separated and are proceeding to divorce and I am starting to live again and fulfill my own needs. I've had a threesome since separating but it was a one time thing. I was looking for a regular treat with partners I could trust.

I always hung on to that ad I found. I never looked on that site again but I looked at the ad periodically. The words seared in my mind: Secure, sexy couple seeking a single, young female to spoil in and out of the bedroom. Email us at (email address). N&G.

I wondered, what were the odds they were still around or still together for that matter? Having gone from 24 years old to 34 years old I was no longer as naïve about meeting strangers. I felt like I could be smart and still give it a try.

I created a new email account. I prepared some pictures of myself with my face not showing, to protect my identity and privacy. It was actually fun posing naked in front of my full-length mirror with my favorite Knicks cap on. I hoped no one would come across that picture and recognize my long hair or hat, but if they did I could always ask what they were doing looking. I'm an adult and have nothing to be ashamed of but I need to remain private and discreet. 

I sat down on my bed with my laptop, cap still on and clothes still off. I uploaded the pictures to my hard drive and composed an email to my mystery couple. It read:

Subject: N&G? Response to an ad

Hi, my name is Ana and I came across an ad you posted. I've never met anyone this way before but I feel I should give it a try. If you are interested, please reply with a non-nude picture. 

I didn't attach my own image, in case I didn't care for theirs. 

I exhaled a huge sigh of relief, feeling exhilarated and excited. I knew if this outlet didn't work out, I'd find others. It's like a craving that's never satisfied until it's fulfilled. I shut my laptop and redressed and went on with the rest of my day. I could wait for a response. I waited this long already just to respond! I resolved not to check my email again until the following day. I went to the gym, worked out hard, came home, cooked dinner, showered and went to bed.

I kept in mind, no matter what happens I still have a personal set of priorities and I have that in check. It's at my own benefit to be independent and mature. That wasn't easy to be so, especially after a failed marriage but it's important to do things that feel good and surround myself with positive energy. 

And the next day I went to work and had a productive meeting. Right after work I went food shopping and came home and did my meal prep for the week. I didn't even realize the time, as it was getting late but half way through dicing a pepper I realized it was time to check my email!

I washed my hands, sat down on my bed cross-legged and opened my laptop. In my inbox was a response from N&G. 

It read: Dear Ana, 

Thank you so much for your response. We understand your apprehension but we'd like to tell you more about us and you can decide if you're still interested. There's something for everyone so if you feel we are not a good match, we will not be offended. 

We are happily married, best friends and secure. We enjoy including others in our playtime and we'd welcome the chance to get to know you better. We are passionate, adventurous, open minded and love to explore, taking our sex to new heights. We enjoy partners that are intelligent, articulate, honest and not afraid to communicate their fantasies or dreams. We invite you to look over our recent pictures and judge for yourself. We also have a profile on a swinging site that you can view with real validations from real people, as long as you feel comfortable checking it out. We won't disappoint either in or out of the bedroom! We look forward to your response. 

Sincerely, 

Nick and Giovanna (Gio). 

I really liked their non-pushy, confident reply and I really liked the pictures they sent. Even though I could not see their faces, that were blurred out for likely the same reasons mine were... I could tell they were in great shape. In one image, they were on a beach, in swimwear and embraced side by side. I could make out her auburn hair, D breasts and I could see he was salt and pepper grey. She looked to be about my height, petite. He appeared to be about 6'. In another picture, it looked like they were having cocktails in a night club. She was wearing a sheer green beaded blouse, clearly without a bra and it revealed a piercing on her left nipple. They were sitting at a table and there were go go dancers in the background. It looked like a fun time! 

I composed a response. It read:

Dear Nick and Gio,

I'm very excited to hear from you and thank you for the straightforward, non-pressure response and beautiful pictures. I hope that's really you because I'd like to see more. I really think I fit in your prerequisites because I'm honest, and not afraid to say what I like or don't. I'm 5'1, long blonde hair, full 34DD breasts and height weight proportionate. Oh hell, now I'm embarrassed because I'm nude in it but check out my pic I've attached. Everything's there for you to see, except for my face.

Xo, Ana

I shut my computer down for the night and finished my cooking. I cleaned up, washed up and went to bed. I masturbated that night, thinking about the fun they must have had with those dancers. I came hard and then fell asleep.

The next day was a Friday and I was too excited to wait till after work to check my email. I opened it up and there was a new reply in my inbox.

Dear Ana,

We are so glad you think we might be a good match! Your body is gorgeous and we're sure we'll find your face is too. We'd love to speak and see how our chemistry is together and hopefully set up drinks. So far we like everything you have shared with us and look forward to learning more! It will just make everything better if all goes well. Here's to new friends! 

And here's our number if you'd like to call. We will not be offended if you block yours. As a single girl, you should protect yourself as you are doing. 

Nick and Gio

I felt like I was glowing after reading their email. Was this too good to be true or was it all meant to be? They didn't know how long I've been waiting for them and it seems as though time has made us all stronger. I closed my laptop and set out for work. 

I didn't go to the gym that day, I just came straight home after work and replied:

Dear Nick and Gio, Is it okay for me to call you now?

Ana

And a short time later, their response:

Dear Ana,

Yes, we are home and cannot wait to hear from you!!

Just like that, I called. 

The phone rang twice and an excited woman's voice answered.

"Hello, is this Ana?"

I laughed and replied, Hi, this is Ana. You must be Gio!

"Yes this is and I'm so excited to hear from you." 

It's nice talking to you too. I've never done anything like this before.

"I totally understand, and if you keep doing what you're doing, there's a lot of fun to be had."

I said, I'm very excited to have the opportunity to do this now. 

I explained that I was in an unhappy marriage for a number of years and despite that, I am ready to live my life.

"I am so happy for you. Nick happens to be my high school sweetheart and we are so lucky to have found each other but marriage alone was not enough for us. That's why we chose to bring others in at times. You should know, we are very picky and don't just let anyone in."

I understand. I said. And I am a little nervous but more excited to see where this can go. 

"I'm so excited too! That's why I wanted to talk so you could hear it in my voice and so that you would know that we're real"

Everything you've done has made me very comfortable so far. And for that, I am very grateful! I would like to meet up for a drink in a public place if you're okay with that. 

"Okay with that? That would be great! I don't know what your schedule is like but we're free tomorrow night if you're around."

Tomorrow night is perfect, but where?

"We like to stay local and know a lot of great places. There's a spot about 10 minutes away from us a bit off the beaten path but it has very delicious fare and great service."

Okay. If you don't mind, please email me the name of the place and I'll confirm once I've looked it up. 

"It would be our pleasure to." Nick, honey, please email Ana a link for the Moonlight Lounge. I hear her say to him in the background and then I hear his voice say "I'll get right on it hon"

I still didn't know if they were 100% real but I did like the way they spoke to each other. I thought it was very sweet. 

I wrapped up my conversation with Gio and before we hung up, a new email was in my inbox from Nick with the lounge link as we'd discussed. I verified the location and confirmed the plans.

See you tomorrow night at 8!

XO, Ana

Saturday evening could not come soon enough. I woke up that day refreshed and excited. I went to the gym, came home, showered, ran some errands and took a cat nap in anticipation of staying up much later that night, potentially. 

The evening started to near and my meticulous routine came into play. I love spending hours getting ready for a date because I can make sure everything is just so and just right. The more time I'm able to spend beautifying myself, the better I feel. Even though I showered and washed my hair earlier, I still needed to style it. 

I got out my professional strength hair dryer and big round brush. I sectioned my hair and blew it smooth lock by lock. It took about an hour to do but the result was a lustrous, shiny, full of body mane. I put my hair up in a clip while I washed my face and body in a hot bath. I cleaned every inch of myself with my cucumber melon body wash and I shaved everywhere a girl might need to shave. 

Once out of the bath, I dried off with a fresh towel. I let down my hair and made sure it was still smooth. I applied some deodorant, brushed my teeth and then began to apply my make up. I wanted to look sultry but not overly made up. 

I went for a simple but sexy look with foundation, bronzer, blush and smokey eye. I went with my typical pink lip-gloss on my pout and got dressed. I didn't want to over dress but I had a little black dress that's always just right with my ultra high black patent leather peep toe heels. I threw my grey cardigan sweater over to stay warm. I could always take it off if I wanted to flirt more. I could leave it on and close myself off. I felt secure and I was ready to go.

I found the lounge easily and parked in the back lot. I arrived 15 minutes early and spent five minutes in my car. During that time, I turned my caller id back on but did not make any out going calls. I checked my email and checked my lipstick. I applied some light perfume that I carry in my bag and I headed inside. 

On my way into the lounge, I saw a young couple that was on their way out. He held the door open for her to exit and then he waited with it open for me as he saw me approach. He followed her but his head remained turned toward me as I passed them. I smiled inside to myself. I knew I looked good.

Once inside, a pretty blonde bartender greeted me. There were a few patrons at the bar but it wasn't overly crowded. It looked like a nice, classy place and not a hole in the wall type joint. I sat down at the bar and the bartender offered me a drink menu. I began to glance at the pages when I heard the door open behind me and I felt a gush of fresh air. I turned and saw beautiful Gio standing in the door and she came right up to me. 

"You must be Ana!" she said and I smiled. 

I am and it's nice to meet you. I replied. 

"Did you just get here?" she asked.

I did about two minutes ago, I answered.

"How about we sit down at a table? Nick is just parking the car." 

Okay, I said. I thought it was so nice that he dropped her off to greet me on time while he parked. 

As she took off her coat, the lounge host approached us and offered us a table. Gio took his offer and I felt as if I were under her wing. It was a nice feeling. We walked to an intimate table in the back of the lounge and we both put our coats down on a spare chair. I admired her perfect hourglass figure accentuated by tight leopard print pants and a cute, black blazer. Her tiny feet adorned with high, black leather pumps. Gio was a cougar and she owned it! The excited look on her made up face matched her voice, the same voice I heard over the phone. I was very glad we verified that way. 

She liked me too. She told me she's so happy that I'm so beautiful. I started to blush and then Nick walked in through the door. Gio waved him over and he followed her beckoning. Who wouldn't? 

"Nick baby, come meet Ana!" She said as he made his way closer to us. He sweetly held out his hand as I stood up and he said, "It's a pleasure to meet you Ana. Thank you for taking a chance on us". 

It's my pleasure. I replied as I shook his hand. His handshake was firm and he was dressed beautifully for a man. He wore a dress shirt, dark jeans and a cashmere sports jacket. They both smelled nice but I could detect a light amount of aftershave from his smoothly shaved face. And he was tall. I like tall.

We finally all sat down together and began to talk. I was immediately intrigued and they seemed equally fascinated with me. They were very careful not to pry into my personal life in any way but they were open to share some of their information with me. We had a lot to talk about. We covered topics such as fitness and they told me they are both into Martial Arts. They have been for a number of years. We talked about foods we like and I discovered they are also health conscious. 

Just then, the waiter came over and introduced himself. He handed us menus and offered the night's specials. We all listened but I was eager to get back to our conversation. 

"Ana, if you don't mind we'd like to order some appetizers to share with our drinks. How does that sound? Is there anything you would like?" Nick asked.

I looked down at the menu and the waiter left to return a few moments later. Everything looked good. I picked out a vodka based fruity drink and Gio told me good choice. She'd had that one before. Nick said if he might suggest some appetizers we could all share a meat, cheese and olive platter. It sounded absolutely perfect. 

The waiter returned and the order was put in. I was excited to return to our intimate conversation the second he left. I almost blurted out- how long have you been playing with others?

They openly told me everything I needed or wanted to know. They didn't hold anything back and I believed them. They answered thoroughly and asked the same about me. I explained my situation very basically that I was new to this but had wanted to try it for years. They reacted in a way that showed they were very excited for me. They also shared some very hot stories of their own. At some point, the drinks came but I didn't even notice when. I just looked down at the end of a tale and there was a delicious cocktail in front of me.

I shared a story of my own, about the time I attended a group sex party and how I became friendly with the hostess. They absolutely ate it up. Then, the food came. The tapas style platter reminded Gio of their travels and that brought up another mutual interest; travel. They confided their recent pictures they sent were from their favorite vacation spot they visit in the Virgin Islands every year. Nick said, it's perfect except we always wish we had a girlfriend to play with on the beautiful beaches. My mind wandered into fantasy mode, wishing I were that girl they could bring on vacation and show off. I couldn't say for sure but maybe they were thinking the same thing about me. 

It was really nice to connect on so many levels. I was so pleasantly surprised on how well things were turning out but I didn't want to get ahead of myself. I decided not to overthink the situation and just enjoy it. But that cocktail was kicking in and I asked Gio what's the naughtiest thing she's done in public?

She smiled a naughty smile and said there was something she'd like to show me in the rest room. I feigned innocence and asked if I needed a lipstick touch up. Sure, let's go! She said. And we got up while Nick sat, smiling. 

It was only a few feet away but it was a large, clean, private restroom with a full-length body mirror and high end fixtures. Hell, it was nicer than my own bathroom. Gio held the door open for me and when it closed, she embraced me and held me against the door and locked it. I let her kiss me and her full soft lips massaged mine. I parted my lips and her tongue slipped inside. She took my hair in her hand and kissed my neck. I could feel myself getting excited and my hand slipped under my own dress. Oh no she said and pulled my hand out. She replaced it with her own and said good girl. I looked at us in the mirror and liked what I saw. She looked over too and said, "So hot baby". Ironically, now I really did have to touch up my lipstick and she touched up hers. We left the bathroom smiling and hand in hand. Nick was at the table waiting patiently but eager to find out what happened. Gio whispered something in his ear and he smiled at me with his eyes as he took in what she had to say. This meeting for drinks was going better than I ever could have imagined. 

The waiter came back to take our plates and I thanked everyone for the delicious food, drink and intoxicating adventure. I was already blown away and finally in control of my destiny. I wanted to explore my sexual world and this amazing couple would show me the way. 

Nick and Gio thanked me too. They said they were so happy I contacted them and they were praying for someone like me to come into their lives. I didn't want to push anything but it's so rare to find that compatibility not only with life interests and intelligence levels but to have that sexual attraction too. Let alone with one person, I seemed to have it with two!

I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was only 10pm. Did I dare ask to go home with them? I really wanted to but could not bring myself to ask. But I was so horny for Gio. It had been ages since I'd been with a woman and she was so delicious. Before I had the chance to punish myself by going home alone, they must have read my mind. Nick politely asked if I wanted to extend the night a little further at their place. I am a strong believer in going with my gut instinct. There was nothing holding me back so I said yes. Gio beamed from ear to ear. 

"Why don't you come with me in my car Gio and I can follow Nick?"

"That sounds good to us!" She replied, and he got up to help us put on our coats. I could see from their actions alone that not only were they nice people, they were so kind, considerate, respectful and thoughtful. These are the kind of people that I should have in my life. Not people that suck. 
