 Ch. 1: I'm On A Boat

Sarah had always wanted to be more adventurous.

It wasn't that she was boring, she was just normal. Sarah had a normal job, a normal apartment, and spent her vacations going on perfectly normal trips to the beach. She dated normal guys and had normal, vanilla, sex. Her life was fine, perfectly satisfying. But she could never shake the feeling that she should have tried to experience more.

Sarah's roommate Ashley was the risk taker. Sarah and Ashley had been best friends since they were kids. They had lived next door to each other all through high school, and after college they moved to the city and rented an apartment together. Three years later they were still close. But Ashley had always been the adventurous one. When they were young Ash would agree to every dare, take every chance, and generally do everything that scared Sarah. As they got older, Ashley was the first one to kiss a boy, the first to go on a date, and the first to lose her virginity. Sarah loved Ashley, but she always felt a little lackluster when compared to her roommate.

It didn't help that Ashley was the most beautiful woman that Sarah had ever known. She had straight dark hair spilling down her back, olive skin, and pouty lips that were begging to be kissed. Her body was the kind that fueled the fantasies of a million adolescent boys. Ashley had long toned legs that flowed up into a tight bubble butt, the sort of ass that filled jeans and turned heads. Her breasts seemed almost ridiculously large on her slender 5' 8" frame. Ashley's double-D tits were always on the verge of spilling out of the low cut tops that she wore, and it was a wonder that she had made it to 25 without serious lower back problems.

Of course, Sarah was not without her own charms. She was beautiful, and she knew it. Her wavy, shoulder length, auburn hair complemented her pale skin and bright blue eyes. She had a spray of freckles across her cheekbones and her button nose; guys always told her that it was "cute". Her B cup breasts couldn't compare in size to the globes that Ashley possessed, but they stood round and firm on her chest. Her tits were capped off with a pair of slightly puffy pink nipples which were sensitive to any form of stimulation. But the thing she valued most about her body was her ass. It was high, round, and firm. Sarah knew that she had a great butt, and she kept it that way through a constant regimen of squats and hours on the Stairmaster. 

If Sarah had chosen a different roommate, a different friend, she would probably have been the most beautiful women in any room that she chose to enter. But as it was, she had a serious inferiority complex. She may have been a beautiful woman, but in comparison to Ashley she was only human. Sarah's roommate was some sort of radiant sex goddess, sent down from a higher plane to bless mankind with her presence. Sarah just couldn't compete, and at a certain point she simply stopped trying. Let Ashley live the exciting life, Sarah would focus on being normal.

Things began to change one morning over brunch. Sarah and Ashley were enjoying eggs benedicts and mimosas, and spending time discussing their usual topics of work and boys when Ashley became very excited about a party she was invited to the next day.

"It on a boat," she exclaimed.

"A boat?"

"Well, more like a yacht, but whatever. I know a guy who says I should go. You should come with me. It'll be great! We'll go out on the ocean, have some drinks, maybe dance with some cute guys." 

"I don't know." Sarah had never been a huge fan of boats, too much chance that something would go wrong.

"What could you possibly be doing that could be more fun than a party on a yacht?"

Sarah thought about it for a second. She needed to do laundry, and there were a couple of shows on the DVR that she had been hoping to catch up on. Plus she only had a few more chapters of her current book, and she would like to get it finished so that she could start a new one on her subway ride into work on Monday. But beyond that ...

"Nothing, I guess."

"So you'll go? Awesome!" Ashley flashed her dazzling smile from across the table. "We're going to have such a great time."

The next day at noon they were headed out to sea.

Sarah had tried to wear what she thought was a good summer Sunday party outfit. But her sundress and flip-flops had been vetoed by Ashley immediately. Ash had insisted that she wear something "sleeker and sexier". So Sarah found herself wearing a tight blue dress and matching heels, something she thought was a bit more appropriate for the club than for a boat. But she had to admit that she looked fantastic. The dress hugged every curve of her body. She was showing more cleavage than any girl with modest breasts had any right to, and the heels put her ass on display and showed off all the time she had spent sculpting her body.

Ashley's clothing was no less provocative. When Sarah stepped out into the living room and saw what her roommate was wearing her heart skipped a beat. Sarah had never been sexually attracted to women, but her friend radiated such pure erotic energy that a dead person would feel something. Ashley was wearing a tight black and white dress that barely covered her body. Her ass was almost popping out the skirt and her bountiful breasts were barely contained by a halter top. The amount of skin on display made it clear that Ashley wasn't wearing a bra, and Sarah couldn't figure out how her nipples weren't visible.

Ashley saw Sarah in the mirror and turned around. "You look great!" she said. She hurried over and began fussing with Sarah's clothing, putting a strand of hair into place here and smoothing out a wrinkle in her dress there. Ashley looked directly into Sarah's eyes. "We're going to have such an amazing time." She gave Sarah a quick kiss on the cheek, and then stepped back, giving her final appraisal. Ashley nodded. "OK, let's go." Sarah couldn't help but notice that Ashley had a slightly worried look on her face, but dismissed it. Ash was always going to parties like this, she would be in her element.

Once they got on the yacht, Sarah decided that she shouldn't have worried about being overdressed. Despite the fact that the sun was still high in the sky everyone was dressed like they were headed to the best nightclub in town. All the guys were in dress pants and nice shirts, and all the women were in tight dresses and skirts. The yacht itself helped perpetuate the nightclub atmosphere. It was amazing, and probably bigger than the house that Sarah grew up in. The main room alone was large enough to fit the fifty or so party guests. There was a full bar, a dance floor, and an Ikea's worth of couches and chairs. She would have liked to have the chance to explore, but that was for later. For now, she would mingle.

The party guests were an interesting mix. Most of the men seemed to be corporate types, with a few actors and bartenders thrown in to provide some variety. The women were more varied. Some were office workers like Sarah. Others were models or dancers, waitresses and lawyers. One petite blonde woman said that she was a kindergarten teacher. Everyone was young, attractive, and ready to party. Sarah had fun. She drank and talked, she even danced for a little while. After a couple of hours she decided that she needed some fresh air, so she moved out of the main room to the stern of the boat, where she could lean over the rail and look down onto the wake. After a few minutes Ashley came out and joined her.

"Are you having fun?"

"Yes, I am." Sarah squinted at the water, hoping to see a dolphin. "This has been a lot of fun, I'm glad I came. Thanks for inviting me."

"I'm glad you came too. But the fun is only getting started."

Something strange in Ashley's voice made Sarah turn. She saw one of the men from the party, his name was Richard or Roger or something like that, walking towards them. He didn't have a shirt on, which was strange since he'd been fully clothed the last time Sarah had seen him. He came right up to Ashley and began kissing her, his hands roaming across her body. Sarah gasped in shock at what she was seeing. The man had cupped Ashley's ass with one hand and was squeezing her flesh through the thin fabric of her skirt. His other hand had moved up to massage one of her breasts, and her nipple became clearly visible through her halter top. Sarah was dumbfounded. Ashley wasn't fighting him, in fact she seemed to be enjoying it! She moaned into his mouth when he pinched her nipple through her top. One of her hands sought out his cock and began stroking it through his pants. The man reached over and pulled Ashley's top to the side, exposing one of her nipples. Another moan escaped her lips as he flicked his tongue across the little raised nub and then took it into his mouth.

This was enough to break Sarah from her stupor. "Ash, what's going on?" she asked in a small voice.

Ashley just grinned at her over the man's head. He stood and began to move back to the main cabin, gesturing for the girls to follow. Ashley took Sarah's hand and led her back into the yacht. "Come on, let me show you the real party."

Things had changed drastically in the few minutes that Sarah had been outside. It looked like something out of a porno. Women were on their knees with cocks in their mouths, giving blow jobs while an appreciative audience looked on. Some of the onlookers had taken matters into their own hands, fists wrapped around cocks and fingers stroking clits. The petite blonde teacher was on a couch nuzzling the breasts of a tall brunette, but seemed to get distracted when another woman leaned over and began planting kisses on her exposed ass. Sarah watched as a girl mounted a man by the bar and began riding his cock. Everywhere she looked people were having sex. There were still a few individuals on the sidelines, but the glazed look in their eyes and the hurried manner in which they finished their drinks said it would not be long before they joined in.

Ashley led Sarah to the couch where Richard (or was it Roger?) was sitting. She left Sarah standing while she dropped to her knees and pulled off his pants, exposing his cock. Ashley grinned at Sarah while she grasped his member and gave it a few strokes to bring it to full hardness, then she gave him a long lick from his balls to his glans and took him in her mouth. Ashley was an expert cocksucker, and soon the man was groaning as he tried to hold off his orgasm. She pushed his cock all the way into her throat and buried her nose into his pelvis. When she pulled off of him long strings of spit connected her mouth to his cock and she smiled up at him through the wetness generated by her throat.

Sarah couldn't believe what she was seeing. Part of her wanted to run from the room, to find a way out of this situation. But she was transfixed. It was like she was having an out of body experience, she was watching without taking part. Some parts of her body were responding. She could feel her nipples pressing against the thin bra that she was wearing and she was sure that people could see them through her dress. Her pussy was on fire. Part of her brain might have been terrified, but the part that controlled her sex drive was interested. She could feel as her juices began to flow and a slick wetness built up between her thighs. 

That was when she felt the hands. From behind a man grabbed her around the waist and began running his hands up and down her sides. When she didn't make a move to escape he became bolder. One hand moved down and squeezed her ass, while the other moved up and cupped one of her breasts. Sarah let out a low moan and tilted her head back, soon his mouth was on her neck and any thoughts she had of escape were fading. The yacht hit a small wave, Sarah stumbled and reached back for support. What she found was his cock. Her hand wrapped around it and she instinctively began pumping away. All of a sudden it seemed perfectly natural to jerk off a stranger while watching her best friend suck on another man's balls in the middle of a developing orgy. Her hand on his cock encouraged the man behind her, and he raised both hands to her breasts and tugged forcefully at her nipples.

The mix of pleasure and pain elicited an involuntary moan from her lips and she felt a rush of moisture soak her panties. It also knocked Sarah back into reality. Her head cleared and she realized what she was doing. Without looking back she pushed away from the man and ran from the room. She went to the bathroom and leaned against the counter taking deep breaths to calm herself. Sarah looked into the mirror and wondered how she had ended up in this situation. She could see her nipples clearly through her dress, and her pussy was burning up. Fuck, she was horny! But she couldn't go back out there. She was so turned on that there was no telling what sort of trouble she would get into. Maybe she could just take care of herself here. And then when she was calmed down she would find somewhere to hide until it was all over. 

Sarah pulled up her dress and dropped her panties. They were wet enough that she was tempted to try and wring them out. Both of her hands went to her pussy. Her clit was engorged and exposed from its hood, the first touch of her finger to the bud was electric. Her knees went weak and she was forced to lean on the wall to stay standing. She began rubbing her clit with one hand, fingers applying pressure in a pattern that she knew would bring her to orgasm quickly. Her other hand moved down, and she pushed two fingers into her sopping pussy. Simultaneous pressure on her clit and her g-spot never failed to get Sarah off and soon she was leaning against the wall trying to control her shaking legs as she rode the waves of her orgasm. When she regained her composure she could feel spots of moisture on her legs and looking down she saw her fluids splashed on the floor. "That's a first," Sarah thought.

But it wasn't enough. Sarah could still feel a pressure inside that hadn't been released. She couldn't go out there like this. She decided that what she needed was a better angle and propped one of her feet up on the toilet. Sarah began to grind her clit into the palm of her right hand. With her left she reached behind, rubbed her pussy for a little lubrication, and started massaging the patch of skin that separated her pussy from her asshole. She pushed two, then three fingers from her right hand into her dripping hole, but it still wasn't enough. Sarah decided to resort to drastic measures. She moved her left hand back and used two fingers to rub the dry rosebud of her ass. The effect was immediate. Her orgasm roared into her like an avalanche. A scream escaped her lips, her eyes squeezed shut and she saw stars. She would have fallen down if she hadn't already braced herself against a wall. Sarah stayed that way for a few minutes, taking deep shuddering breaths. When she opened her eyes she saw that she had left a literal puddle on the floor. Her juices had run down her legs, and were still dripping from her lips. Her right hand was wet to the wrist. 

"That was amazing."

Sarah turned, startled, and saw Ashley standing in the doorway. She was naked except for her heels. As she walked forward her massive breasts jiggled slightly, and Sarah could see the metallic glint of a piercing between her legs.

"Ash, I ..."

"Shh." Ashley put a finger to Sarah's lips and then reached down for her friend's right hand. She looked Sarah in the eye as she took each finger into her mouth one by one, cleaning them of Sarah's sticky juices. "I wanted you to be here for this," Ashley said. "I wanted to share this experience with you. Is that OK?"

Sarah swallowed, and nodded.

"OK." And then Ashley kissed her. They had kissed before, as kids. But that was two young girls practicing for when they would finally kiss guy, and it had mostly led to fits of giggling. This was completely different. Sarah didn't know what to do at first, but then she felt Ashley's tongue pressing into her mouth, and her resistance melted away. She tried to return the kiss with as much enthusiasm as she could, her tongue pressed against Ashley's and she felt a fresh burst of heat between her thighs. Ashley broke the kiss, smiled at Sarah, and then led her back into the main room.

The orgy had progressed in the time that Sarah was in the bathroom. The main cabin was full of moans, the sound of flesh slapping flesh, and the wet squelching noises that accompanied good sex. Couples and groups were fucking on every piece of furniture in the room. The space where just an hour ago Sarah had been dancing was now taken up by what looked like some sort of cocksucking competition involving three girls and six guys. Sarah watched as one girl, her face and chest already splattered with cum, pulled the cock out of her mouth and let him add another load to her tits. She raised her hands in victory, and the two losers began cleaning her with their tongues.

Ashley led Sarah back to the couch where Richard was still sitting. He was watching the action around him and slowly stroking his cock, and he gave the girls a big smile as they approached. Sarah guessed that Ash had told him to wait for her while she went and looked for her friend. Ashley drew Sarah down to a kneeling position in front of him and took her by the hand. 

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to. You can stop anytime you want, got it?" Sarah looked Ashley in the eyes and nodded. She was here now, no point in backing out.

Ashley grinned, and guided Sarah's hand onto Richard's cock. Their fingers still intertwined, both girls began stroking him up and down. He had a pretty thick dick and Sarah could barely get her whole hand around him. He was also completely shaved, which she had always thought looked a little ridiculous on men. But she figured that if women were expected to have bare pussies there wasn't any reason why a guy shouldn't do it as well.

While Sarah was inspecting Richard's grooming, Ashley removed her hand from his cock. Sarah brought her other hand up to compensate, cupping and stroking his hairless balls. They must have been sensitive, because he groaned and a drop of precum pushed out of the head of his cock. This brought a smile to Sarah's face, and she used her thumb to rub the sticky substance into his cock head. Ashley shifted, and soon her arms were around Sarah's waist and she was planting little wet kisses on the sensitive parts of Sarah's neck. Ashley began to whisper into her ear. "Suck his cock. I know you want to. I got to try him out earlier, and it was great. Go ahead." A distant part of Sarah's brain tried to bring her back to reality. Tried to tell her that this was not the sort of thing that she did. She didn't even like to kiss on the first date! But that voice was drowned out by the haze of lust that had engulfed her. 

Sarah leaned forward and flicked her tongue across the slit at the tip of his dick. She flattened her tongue and lathed around his cockhead, leaving a trail of spit. Then she took him in her mouth. She knew she wouldn't be able to take him as deep as Ashley, or make him cum as fast as Ashley could, but Sarah had her own talents. She continued to pump his shaft and stroke his balls while her head bobbed up and down. She focused on his head, using her tongue to stimulate his most sensitive areas. Richard moaned, his back arched and his hands grabbed at the couch cushions.

Sarah could feel Ashley tugging on the zipper at the back of her dress, and she briefly gave up her hold on Richard's cock so the garment could fall off her shoulders and pool around her waist. Ashley unhooked her bra and reached around to massage her breasts while continuing to kiss and nibble at her neck and shoulders. Sarah gave a muffled moan as Ashley pinched her nipples. They could have cut glass and her areolas had become so puffy they looked like small breasts themselves. She had always been sensitive, but this was unlike anything she had ever felt. 
