 A few years back, I was working in the finance area of a company with a national sales force. Each year at the national meeting, I would spend time with a few of the sales staff that I had worked with throughout the year. These meetings had a reputation for getting out of hand and one year I had the good fortune of being at the right place at the right time.

This particular year, I had spent quite some time one the phone with of our sales reps, Carol. I had met her a few times, and like most people in sales, she was very outgoing. We planned to get together at the upcoming meeting and have a few drinks. She wanted to thank me for doing some behind the scenes work for her that helped her close a big deal. So at the close of the meeting that evening I found myself at the hotel bar with her and one of her sales buddies, Gary. Carol is a very good looking woman and tends to dress in short skirts and heels that highlight her legs. This evening was no different as she had on a short black dress, black pantyhose, and very nice heels. Gary was of average height and weight and was dressed in typical sales attire, polo shirt and khakis.

We order dinner and some wine/beer and talked about everything. This was the first time that I had met Gary, and he was witty, funny, and well versed on current topics. After dinner, we stayed at the bar and drink some more, with the conversation turning to more fun topics. At one point, I was talking about how different that sales people dress, women in the finance area rarely wear the short skirts and black pantyhose look that Carol wore; I thought that maybe they were too self conscience. Carol said that men do tend to ogle at women's legs but she is comfortable with that. At this point the drinking was kicking in because she then asked me if I found nylons sexy. Of course I said, in fact, I would probably find Gary sexy if he wore black pantyhose! Carol giggled and looked at Gary and said maybe we should see if he's telling the truth. I, emboldened by the beer, said lets bring it on! 

We had just ordered another round and Carol suggested that we finish these in her room. So we started out to the elevator, with Carol between Gary and I and her arms around us. In the elevator she turned to me and kissed me deeply, I returned the kiss and massaged her back and ass. Too soon, the elevator dinged and the doors opened. Carol stepped out and began walking down the hall after tell us to wait near the elevator. As she walked, she reached back and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to the hallway floor, she continued to walk, now just wearing a black bra, seamless black pantyhose with no underwear, and heels. As she continued on, she stepped out of her heels and finally got to her door, turning to face us. She beckoned us to come on, and we hurried down the hall with Gary picking up her dress and I grabbed her heels.

Once inside her room, she said that we should get this party started. She beckoned Gary into the bathroom and told me to get out of my clothes. I kicked off my shoes and socks, and was unbuttoning my shirt when she returned. She started kissing me passionately, and rubbing my cock through my pants. I rubbed her pantyhose covered ass while kissing her. She pushed me back onto one of those lounge chairs that all hotel rooms have. She unzipped my pants, pulled down my underwear, and started stroking my cock. I was in heaven, looking down at the gorgeous, sexy girl, wearing a black bra and pantyhose, stroking and then sucking my cock. After a few strokes, she climbed up and straddled me. I stroked her pussy through her pantyhose and she gasped. She said that she loves the feeling of the seamless nylon on her bare pussy. She stood up and said that she sees how much I like her in pantyhose, now how about Gary? He walked in behind her wearing another pair of her seamless black pantyhose; his hard cock was straining against the nylon. As he stood next to us, she stroked his cock through the nylon. What do you think, she wanted to know? I actually did find it erotic, the sight of his cock in the nylon was turning me on. She then adjusted his cock so it stuck straight out, and began to suck him through the nylon. She grabbed my hand and put it on his balls, and I began to massage his balls through the nylon. It felt strange, but I was enjoying it, along with Gary, who started to moan. She then turned to me, kissed me and pulled Gary's cock toward me. She asked me to suck him through the nylon. His cocked filled my mouth and it felt wonderful. I used one of my hands to stroke his balls and I used the other hand to stroke Carol's pussy. I was surrounded by nylon!

Gary withdrew out of my mouth and knelt between my legs to suck my cock. His touch was very different than a woman's. It was harder, rougher, and more aggressive. I wasn't going to last long, especially as Carol stood next to me, unhooked her bra, and stuck her tits in my face. I sucked and licked her nipples, they were long and hard. She tore a hole in her pantyhose and had me slip a finger in her very wet pussy. She was moaning, I was moaning, it was quite the scene. Predictably, I felt the orgasm start to boil in my cock. I stammered about coming in Gary's mouth, Carol said to let it go, fill his mouth. I erupted with what felt like gallons. He milked my cock for all it's cum and I was done, I looked down at his pantyhose covered ass and a grin with drips of cum along the sides of the mouth. That was wonderful I said, it was terrific. Carol suggested that we change places and that she would help me get started. Gary sat on the chair, his cock erect and his legs in pantyhose splayed out. Carol knelt between his legs and tucked the waist band of his pantyhose under his balls, freeing his cock. She stroked and licked his cock, and then started to seriously suck his cock. Her tits swayed with the intensity of her blowjob. I didn't take me long to get hard again, and I slipped in behind Carol and stroked her ass and pussy. She stopped to get up and got a condom from her luggage. She slipped to condom on my cock, slipped in between Gary's legs, and resumed her sucking.

It was obvious what she wanted and I slipped my cock into her, stroking in and out. Her groans were muffled by Gary's cock in her mouth. Having just had a mind blowing orgasm, I was in a good place, able to keep up an intense fucking pace without coming. I change speed, reached around to massage her tits, rub her nylon covered legs, fingered her clit, even slipped a finger in her ass through the pantyhose. After about 10 minutes, she came in an intense orgasm. Carol stood up on wobbly legs, grabbed a few pillows, tossed them on the floor and laid on her back. She spread her legs and beckoned me to continue fucking her. As I slid into her, Gary kneeled next to her face and she resumed sucking on his cock. I was able to massage his ass and balls through the hose he was wearing. After a few minutes, she stopped sucking his cock and asked if I would suck him. This was first suck of his cock uncovered. I slipped his cock into my mouth. It was hard and soft at the same time and felt velvety on my tongue. After some introductory strokes he started to really control the pace of the blowjob, sliding his cock in and out of my mouth, I tried to match the pace that I was fucking Carol. 

After a while, he was close to coming. Carol had me stop fucking her, and she laid on the ground, with her legs around my shoulders stroking her clit. She wanted to see Gary cum in my mouth, so I concentrated on making him cum, milking his cock with my hand, sucking his cock as far down as I could, rubbing his pantyhose covered legs, and finally slipping a finger through his hose into his ass. This sent him over the top, and he erupted; warm, salty cum filling my mouth. I had to start swallowing, as I felt the cum leaking out along the sides of my mouth. He finished coming and withdrew his cock with a soft pop as it left my mouth. Carol pulled me toward her and kissed me deeply, her tongue swirling around the cum left in my mouth. I started to fuck her again, my cock still hard, her hand still stroking her clit. It wasn't long before we both came, her first as I sucked on her hose covered toes, and then me, as Gary reach behind to stroke my balls and slid a finger in my ass.

I can't wait for the next sales meeting!