 You leaned on the two men as they led you slowly back to the bed. Collapsing onto the bed, you sighed “God! That was fantastic, I would like to do it again sometime, but not now, I just want to sleep.”

Jim smiled and said he was looking forward to it. However, he had a plane to catch in an hour and had to get to the airport. “Can you run me over, Rod? “ he asked. Rod replied he had come over on his racing bike, which was not equipped with a buddy seat. 

You interrupted their conversation and told Rod to use your car. The keys were on the entry table along with your house key. He could just replace them and lock up when he returned from the airport.

With tender kisses to your lips and face the two men left the room, after turning off the lights. The only light in the room was coming thru a window from the full moon. 

You had barely heard your front door close and the roar of the powerful engine in your car when you fell into a deep sleep. You did not know how long you had been sleeping when the dreams began. 

At first it was only a faint erotic feather touch to the tender lips of your vagina, tracing a gentle path around both sides of your vagina. You involuntarily spread your legs to this most pleasant sensation and moaned softly as the feathery touch continued. The heat in your pussy intensified and your desire for a more solid contact grew. 

As if in answer to your dreamy direction you could feel the probing of what felt like a hot tongue now tracing the path of the feather and, going further, teasingly probed just inside the lips of you swollen and now wet cunt. 

Not wanting to interrupt your dream lover you feared making a sudden move and let your legs slowly spread wider to accept the deeper insertion of the magic tongue, which was now caressing you erect leaking clit. The tongue slipped out of your sweet pussy and began to trace a wet path up over your lower belly. Pausing briefly to probe the opening of your navel it continued to your nipples, gently rotating alternately around each swollen erect bud. 

The sensation of pleasure was so intense and you were so close to organism, you did not notice the hands lifting your buttocks, until the long thin cock had parted the lips of your pussy and was sliding slowly into it=s depths. As you gasped in sudden awareness, Rod plunged his tongue into your open mouth and at the same time buried his long cock up to his balls in your steaming cunt. 

With only a few powerful thrusts he brought you to a shuddering climax in which your vagina convulsed uncontrollably around his meat. You moaned and wrapped your long legs around his torso. You thrust your pelvis hard into his, in an attempt to impale your quivering pussy even further on the still rock hard shaft of pleasure.

After some long moments your trembling subsided and, without a word, you gently pushed him from you and onto his back. You kissed him passionately and probed his mouth with your tongue. As you abandoned his mouth, you let your tongue trace it’s wet path to his nipples where you sucked and nibbled until they were as erect and as hard as yours had been only moments before. You let your fingernails scrape lightly over his chest and belly, followed by the talent of your tongue. 

Rod had begun to tremble as you continued to apply your considerable skills of seduction. He placed his hand upon your head in an attempt to move your mouth to his throbbing cock. You resisted his effort and instead grasped the long shaft in your hand and transferred attention of your hot mouth to his scrotum. As you stroked his cock, you captured his balls in your mouth and sucked them each individually until they had withdrawn tightly into his scrotum and you could encase both at the same time, sucking them while letting the tip of your tongue tease his tightly clinched anus.

When you knew his control was wavering and he was aching for release, you took the crown of his cock in your mouth and teased it with your hot tongue. Rod spread your legs over his face and plunged his tongue into your still leaking pussy as you lowered your head to capture as much of his long cock in your throat as possible. With a long finger in your ass, his thumb in your pussy and expertly sucking your clit, Rod was quickly bringing you to climax. 

Determined to not be out done, you moved your head fiercely up and down, letting your teeth scrape along his shaft as it slid in and out of your throat. Pausing only to catch your breath and twirl your tongue around the crown of his cock. You felt a powerful organism building and sensed that Rod was also close. You plunged a finger as deeply as you could into Rod’s tight ass and drove your mouth down on his throbbing cock letting your throat convulse around the stiff shaft. At the same time you thrust your pelvis into his face, where your pussy spread to accept his jutting chin and block his nostrils. 

His cock erupted powerfully, the seed spilling deep into your awaiting throat. Your pussy overflowed as you convulsed and ground your hot opening hard against his face. 

When he could no longer hold his breath, Rod lifted you slightly and began to lick the sweet juices from your pussy and the insides of your legs. You slowly lifted your head and let his, now, shrinking member slide from the depths of your throat until only the crown rested inside your mouth. You gently sucked and caressed it with your tongue until you had captured the last of his ejaculation.

You were lying in each others arms when he said, “Damm, you are fantastic, you have got to meet my girlfriend,”

“Girlfriend!” You exclaimed, “I don’t fuck women.” 

“Wait a second” he interrupted,”Ashe likes to watch, I think you might enjoy the experience and you could watch us too if you like - what do you think?” 

“Now, that may be fun.” you replied. and agreed to meet the two of them the next evening at your favorite restaurant. After Rod had left, you fell asleep, wondering what you had gotten yourself into.

You arrived early at the restaurant and took a table where you could observe the entrance. Rod arrived promptly at 8 PM as agreed. His girlfriend did not appear to be with him. You waved to him and he started toward your table. 

It was not until he was nearly there when you noticed someone following him. She was a small, almost tiny, childlike, creature. A closer look revealed an exquisite, auburn haired and perfectly proportioned woman. The mid-thigh skirt revealed her beautiful legs, long for her short stature. The thin blouse did little to obscure the erect nipples of her small breasts - it was apparent she wore no bra. 

Rod introduced her, saying “Sarah this is my friend Jeanne.” He told you she was a gymnastic instructor at a private school and also an exotic dancer at an exclusive club. 

“I’m so glad to meet you,” she said, extending her small hand. “You=re even more beautiful than Rod said you were.” The golden flakes in her beautiful green eyes flashed with mischief as she continued, “I’m sure we’ll be good friends.”

Taking her small hand, you could not help noticing her long tapered fingers with their perfectly manicured nails. Her touch was electric and as she returned your handshake, you could detect an underlying strength in her that was belied by her small frame.

Rod ordered drinks. He and the girl seated themselves on either side of you. Jeanne took you hand, leaned close and launched into a bubbly dissertation about her excitement over the prospect of having you watch their lovemaking. 

“I get hot thinking about a beautiful woman watching me suck Rod’s long cock, I can swallow the whole thing you know. Don’t you think he’s got the longest cock you’ve ever seen?” 

Without waiting for a reply, she bubbled on. “He and Jim are the best, I can’t wait until I can get together with the two of them again. They both give the best head; it’s impossible to decide between Jim’s monster meat and Rod’s long cock, so I have to have them both. The one I’m getting at the time is the best. Unless I’m getting them both at the same time – that’s the very best. I’ll bet you feel the same way. I hope you will let me watch Rod slide that long shaft of his into your pussy and ass; I want to see him bury his balls against your chin. I want to see you lick cum from his spurting cock. I want to see him eat your pussy, suck those gorgeous tits and fuck you senseless.” 

The girl was breathless as she reached beneath the table, obviously rubbing her pussy, and said, “God I’m so dammed hot and wet, I want to fuck now. Can we leave after we finish our drinks?”

Although you were somewhat surprised at the excited girl=s candor, you felt a little the same way after hearing her description. Your pants were also a little damp. Rod turned toward you and brought his lips to yours. His long tongue slipped easily into your mouth, his hand stroked your inner thigh and the tips of his fingers lightly brushed the lips of your now leaking pussy. 

“What do you think?” He asked. 

“Let’s get the hell out of here.” you hoarsely responded.

Upon entering your house, Jeanne seemed to take charge. In the bedroom she took your hand and asked, Do you mind if I fuck him first, I’m so dammed hot?”

When you replied that it was O.K. with you, she quickly kissed your full lips, letting her sharp tongue slide between them so quickly you could not protest - in fact it was not an unpleasant experience. The taste of her was exotic. 

“I want you naked” Jeanne said, “I want to see you masturbate while you watch Rod fuck me.” 

With those words she began to unbutton your blouse pushing it back over your shoulders and reaching around you to unfasten your bra. Because of her small size, this gesture became an embrace and you could feel her hard nipples against your chest below your own hardening nipples. 

Dropping your bra between the two of you, Jeanne let her slim fingers trace a path around your dark aureoles and down your body to the belt of your skirt. 

“I think you have the most beautiful breasts I’ve ever seen.” She said and suddenly took a hard nipple in her hot mouth, her sharp teeth lightly scraping over the pebbly surface. Again, before you could protest, she abandoned that delight and began to remove your skirt. 

Hooking her thumbs in the waistline of your skirt and panties, she knelt before your and tugged them down over your shapely legs. As you stepped from the clothing, Jeanne’s face was only inches from you wet pussy and you knew she could not help noticing the wetness beginning to trickle down your legs. 

Standing, she let her hand cover your pubic mound and darted a finger quickly inside. Just as quickly, the finger was removed and placed seductively in her mouth. Smiling at you she said, “You taste as good as you look.”

You had never had such contact with another woman and had thought you would be repulsed by the intimate touch of another female. This waiflike creature had, in only a few moments, actually “turned you on”. There was nothing but erotica in the way she looked, touched and acted; and, as she removed her flimsy blouse and dropped her short skirt to the floor, you felt an odd stirring of unrecognized desire you had not experienced before.

The beautiful creature, childlike in appearance, standing naked before you was obviously anything but a child. Her small breasts were in perfect proportion to the rest of her body. The aureoles stood like small mountain peaks, topped by long nipples, now hard with desire. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and retained only a trace of the dark red bush that confirmed the natural color of her hair.  

Looking into your eyes, she ran her tongue over her full pouting lips and, smiling seductively, dropped her hands to her pussy. Placing a hand on each side of her opening, she spread the lips of her labia wide, displaying a clit that looked like a small cock. It was fully two inches long. With sparkling eyes and a mischievous grin, to Rod she said, “eat me first, fuck me and eat me some more.”

During the interplay and disrobing that occurred between you and Jeanne, Rod had discarded his own clothing and lay naked on the bed. His long stiff cock stood proudly in the air. Rod sat up as Jeanne sprang from a standing position to alight on the bed with her legs apart and her rounded pert ass in Rod’s face. Straight legged, she bent from the waist and placed her hands flat on the firm bed. 

As you moved a chair close, Rod spread the golden globes of the girls beautiful ass cheeks and ran his tongue from the sweet juices coursing their path down her legs to the opening of her pussy, with its long protruding clit. He then plunged his tongue into the dark ring of her anus before releasing her. 

In a smooth flow of movement Jeanne did a flawless handstand and, spreading her legs in the air, wrapped them around Rod’s neck and thrust her steaming pussy against his mouth. She moaned softly as his hot mouth captured her stiff clit and began sucking. 

The supple girl then lowered her head and with a flick of her tongue licked the pre-cum from Rod’s erect member before sucking it into her mouth. With vertical push-ups the talented creature proceeded to raise and lower her whole body, letting the long cock slide in and out of her throat. 

Rod never let his hot tongue lose contact with the juicy morsel to which he had become attached. 

After a, seemingly impossible, number of her erotic push-ups, Jeanne began to tremble and locked her legs tightly around Rod’s head pulling his face even more tightly into her pussy. Holding him thus, she let her organism sweep over her as she moaned around the long cock buried in her throat. 

As the tremors of her climax subsided, she released the leg hold on Rod’s head and returned to a supine position without releasing Rod’s cock from her hot mouth. She slowly withdrew her mouth from the long shaft while continuing to maintain a tight vacuum around the hard organ. 

As the crown of his cock “popped” from between the beautiful full lips, she smiled, lay back on the bed and said, “Now, fuck my brains out Daddy.”

With both hands, Rod lifted the firm rounded cheeks of Jeanne’s beautiful sweet ass until his long hard cock rested at the entrance to her seething wet tunnel. As he did so Jeanne grasped his cock and guided it into her depths. She lay back on the bed and, through sultry eyes, looked at you. She smiled and ran her pink tongue over her pouting red lips, as she watched your fingers lightly caressing your erect clit. 

You became even more aroused as you watched Rod’s long cock glide slowly into the deepest depths of the fortunate girl. You could almost feel her tremors as he withdrew with agonizing slowness, only to again repeat the delicious process. By now you had two fingers buried in you own cunt and was pumping them in and out of your hot cavity in a rhythm matching Rod’s fucking of Jeanne. 

Without notice, Rod suddenly began to pound his cock into the girl at a more vigorous pace. He was met by Jeanne’s guttural moans of passion and pleasure as she thrust her cunt into his pelvis and climaxed around the long cock upon which she was impaled. Her juices flowed in copious amounts from her throbbing pussy down around Rod’s tight scrotum, over her perineum and tightly clinched anus.

Rod extended his hand to you and motioned you to join him on the bed. You readily complied and, on your knees, rained passionate kisses on his lips and face. Gently he pushed your head toward the bed and, withdrawing his hard cock from Jeanne’s flowing cunt said, “Taste her pussy.”

You were so aroused that, with no thought beyond getting his magnificent cock in your mouth, you wrapped your full lips around the prized member and sucked it deep into your mouth. Your first sensation was one of taste. 

The taste was erotic and delicious at the same time. You suddenly realized that it was not Rod’s cum you were tasting; but, in fact, it was Jeanne’s sweet juices - Rod had yet to cum. It was a startling, but exciting, revelation and one you intended to capitalize on. 

With you newly acquired knowledge, you sat about to give Rod the blowjob of his life and dropped your head to his crotch taking the full length of his long cock into your throat. In only a moment, Rod grasped your hair, held your head and began to pump his long shaft in and out of your convulsing throat. 

The sensation was so intense you hardly noticed your legs being spread by Jeanne’s small strong hands until she had captured your throbbing clit in her hot mouth. 

With your flowing clit firmly held in her mouth and her tongue flicking over it, Jeanne tented the slender fingers of her small hand and began to insert them into your vaginal passage. Further and further into your depths her hand moved until most of her forearm was encased in your hot pussy. 

The girl began a slow fist fucking of your hot tunnel while continuing to suck juices from your throbbing clit. The sensation of pleasure and pain was such, you almost forgot Rod’s long cock buried in your throat. 

As you shuddered and moaned under the multiple assault, Rod withdrew from your throat and moved to your lower body, joining Jeanne. There he moved you to your side. Jeanne’s mouth and hand continued to command the attention of your throbbing pussy. 

Rod moved his head between your legs, spread the cheeks of your buttocks and plunged his long tongue into the depths of you ass, you gasped and thrust your pelvis against Jeanne’s mouth and forearm. 

You felt the movement of being repositioned and opened your eyes to find Jeanne’s almost hairless pussy only inches from your face. You spread the pouting purple lips and gazed upon her magnificent clit. You could not resist the temptation offered. You took the long erect organ into your mouth and sucked gently.

As the girls juices begin to flow into your mouth, you heard her groans of pleasure coming from the area of your own pussy and at the same time felt Rod=s slender fingers slipping into your ass, preparing it for his long cock’s assault on your dark passage.

You became somewhat dizzy as the long cock stroked in and out of your ass with tantalizing slowness, while at the same time the girls slim wrist and forearm slid in and out of your flowing cunt with your juices being devoured by the lovely creature sucking your throbbing clit. 

Your body began to shudder uncontrollably as your organism built to a climax of intensity you had never before experienced. As you erupted in a violent organism, you felt Rod’s hot seed spurting deep into your ass - you blacked out. 

Still trembling from the experience, you opened your eyes to see Jeanne licking cum from Rod’s shrinking member. Taking his cock fully into her mouth, she extended her tongue to capture the juices around his scrotum. She slowly withdrew her mouth from Rod’s flaccid cock and, with a hot smoldering look, moved her mouth to yours. 

Her hot tongue probed inside your mouth. You sucked it and offered her your own. The girl eagerly sucked your tongue into her mouth and teased it with her own.

Lifting her mouth from yours, she looked deeply into your eyes and said, “you’re so god-dammed beautiful. I’ve got to fuck you.” 

With those words she began to kiss your face, and your eyes. She ran her hot tongue around your chin and up your neck to gently probe your ear. While massaging your taunt breasts, she rotated your nipples between thumb and forefinger and traced fingernail patterns over your body. Her hot tongue and touch seemed to be everywhere on your body at the same time. 

Your breathing became heavy as the talented girl sucked your nipples to a hardness you did not know was possible. Her hand glided over your lower belly and came to rest on your labia. With a firm rotating motion she massaged your throbbing clit through the folds of your pussy. You automatically lifted you hips to intensify her touch. 
