 The Floating World - American Girls Down Under

Authors' note. This is a collaborative story by Electricblue66 and LoquiSordidaAdMe. We have each taken previously established characters and brought them together especially for the Literotica "In a Sunburned Country" Anthology, 2018. Please vote and support two authors! Also, because we have two American girls but the story is set in Australia, we use both American and Australian spelling. This is quite deliberate so please don't point it out. Thanks.

* * * *

Adam looked up, the flicker on the Arrivals screen catching his eye.

He quickly scanned the times for the Sydney flights, thinking the girls would be tired after their trans-Pacific flight, and being messed around in Sydney wouldn't help. He quickly drained the last of the coffee, surprisingly good for an airport lounge, and flashed a smile at the server. He was rewarded with a genuine smile, no-one here expecting any thanks at all.

Adam tossed the newspaper on the rack, and strolled off towards the Arrivals gate.

Behind him, the server watched him go, admiring his casual elegance. She smiled, and another customer thought it was for him. It cost none of them anything at all, but made a little difference to their day.

Adam knew what the girls looked like, Mike having sent him a photo of his niece and her friend. It was a simple enough arrangement, set up casually during Adam's last conference round in the States.

"My niece wants to visit Australia on her winter break, to get away from the cold," Mike had commented, as he and Adam chatted at the end of the day.

"Any idea where?" Adam asked, just making conversation.

"Not really. She just wants to travel round a bit, for a month or so. She and a friend, go see the place. See if what they say about Australian boys is true."

Adam laughed. "There's Australian boys and there's Australian boys. I'm sure a pair of American girls will do just fine."

Not really thinking, he added, "I've got a place they could use as a base if they wanted to. Not Sydney though, if that matters. Should be empty then." He laughed again. "Should be, at least."

"What, like a summer cottage?" Mike asked.

"Something like that," replied Adam, wondering what the brothers would be getting up to when he returned home.

* * * *

Adam stood at the top of the arrival ramp, back from the milling crowd, many of the people there annoyed at the delay, impatient. Time never seemed to worry Adam; airport time ran differently anyway, and was what it was. So Adam waited, idly turning his car keys over to give his hands something to do.

The first passengers began to appear, walking up the ramp, the inevitable phone to their ear already. Adam smiled at their self-importance, knowing they were completely irrelevant to him, of no consequence in his world.

An elegant, older woman saw his smile, knew it wasn't for her, but claimed it anyway. He nodded, graciously, and another life passed by. Adam watched her go, admiring the sway of her ass, knowing she knew. Yes, there it was, the quick touch of her hair.

Ah, there. He spotted the bob of a pony tail tied up high. He knew Quinn was a tall Asian girl, a dancer, and there she was, walking gracefully up the ramp. Beside her was the smaller girl, Leslie, one of those girls who dressed in baggy clothes, hiding herself. Damn, she was cute as a kitten though, tres chic with a beret tilted on her head. Adam watched them both as they turned on to the top half of the ramp and walked up the final twenty metres. He could see Leslie talking, and Quinn, looking ahead.

Adam moved forward to greet them, judging his walk so they could stop to say hello, but be out of the way of the passengers following them up the ramp.

"Hi, Quinn, Leslie? I'm Adam." He took Quinn's proffered hand, shaking it in greeting. "You made it."

"Adam, hello. Yes. Finally." She looked tired, grateful not to be thinking of what to do next.

The smaller girl, Leslie, stepped forward and placed her hand on Adam's upper arm. "Hi Adam, I'm Leslie. Thanks so much for meeting us. You don't know what it means."

"It's my pleasure. A long trip though. You both must be tired."

"Exhausted, to be honest. We got some sleep on the plane, but you know what it's like."

Adam lead them both down the concourse, automatically taking a bag from each girl to lighten their load. He walked between them, slowing his usual long pace to their tired walk. As they made their way down the long hall to the escalators, to go down to the baggage carousels, Adam noticed the slightly sweaty scent of the two girls, not surprising after more than twenty hours in aircraft and airport lounges. His nostrils flared, sucking in the animal scent of them, finding it tangy and... delectable.

His senses heightened, Adam noticed a faint dark down of hair on the back of Quinn's neck, and a small scar just above Leslie's eyebrow. These girls were really far too young for him, but Adam was already thinking he might quite enjoy their presence.

As they waited for their bags to come around on the conveyor belt, Adam explained to the girls that he'd get them back to his apartment and let them freshen up first, then he'd take them out for the rest of the day.

"I need to keep you awake as long as I can, no matter how tired you are. Best way to avoid jet lag. Trust me."

Fifteen minutes later they were in his car, Quinn in the front with her long legs stretched out.

"Oh god, it's so strange, being on the wrong side of the road. I'll take ages to get used to it."

Adam smiled. "You just need to remember to look right first, whenever you cross the road."

He glanced in the rearview mirror, and saw Leslie behind him, her feet curled up on the rear seat, her boots shucked off and dropped on the floor.

"Don't fall asleep there, remember what I said." Adam's voice was conversational, filling in space.

"I know," Leslie replied. "It's so tempting though, there's so much room here in the back. I feel like royalty. What kind of car is it?"

"A Statesman," replied Adam. "It's a good car for Australia's distances."

"Lot's of room," Leslie repeated herself. "Here in the back."

Quinn turned around to see for herself.

"So, what do you two have planned for your visit?" Adam asked.

"Well, I have to be back in Sydney for an audition in a couple of weeks," Quinn began.

"Mike didn't mention anything about that," Adam commented.

"Quinn's got an invitation to audition for the Sydney Ballet," Leslie piped up from the back seat. "But she didn't want anyone to know."

There was pride in Leslie's voice, but when Adam glanced in the rearview mirror, he saw a dark scowl cross her face.

"Why not? That's impressive."

Quinn shrugged. "I don't want anyone to make a fuss. No one gets in on their first try. But the audition is good practice. They're putting us up in a hotel for three nights, but it hardly seemed worth the trip for such a short time."

"In Sydney? We'll need to get you back there for a few days," Adam considered.

"It's the end of the trip. We fly home after the last day of the audition."

"We have to see the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge while we're there, obviously," Leslie interjected, returning to Adam's original question.

"Of course," Adam agreed.

"And the Powerhouse Museum," she added. "And I know it's a long drive, but I'd love to check out the Snowy Mountains Scheme. And see the Kalgoorlie Super Pit. And Uluru. But right now the idea of getting on another plane is... not appealing."

It was an unexpected list of tourist spots for a young American woman, and Adam couldn't help but smile.

"I think you'll find Australia's a lot bigger than you think. You've got yourself a several thousand kilometre round trip, right there!" He smiled at the girl in the mirror, so she could see she wasn't being patronised.

"Mike mentioned you're a third-year engineering student. Are you focusing on civil engineering?"

"No, materials. But no one builds visitor centers for carbon nanotubes."

"You're right. Not yet, anyway."

"How about you, Quinn? Any plans other than the audition?"

"I've read about your open plains zoos, I'd like to go to one of those. And I'd love to find an Aboriginal dance workshop, if we can fit it in," she replied. "Shopping too, goes without saying."

"Yeah, but remember, Quinn, your baggage allowance going home."

Adam glanced in the mirror, and from the look on Leslie's face, thought Quinn might shop a little more than Leslie liked. He wondered if the girls did everything together, or were quite happy each doing their own thing.

"Well with all of that, I hope you're saving some time for the beach."

"Right," Leslie groused sarcastically. "Can't wait to go swimming with bull sharks and blue ringed octopuses and saltwater crocodiles. And I really hope I get to see an irukandji jellyfish. Oh wait! They're too small to see! They just kill you without warning."

Adam laughed. "I see you've been spooking yourself with the Aussie horror stories. It's really not that bad."

Leslie had clearly taken the time to research Australia, but she was overstating the risk of the local wildlife just a little.

"I'll tell you about drop bears, later." Adam kept a completely straight face as he said it, and caught a little smirk from Quinn.

"What, wait... drop bears? They're not real though. Are they?" Leslie wasn't at all sure about it. "You're pulling my leg. Right?"

"You'll see," said Adam. He glanced at Leslie in the mirror, and saw her serious face.

"We're probably not going to spend too much time at the beach," Quinn broke in, apologetically.

"Well, that's a shame," said Adam, glancing at Quinn's long, long legs.

Adam suggested some other places they might enjoy, and commented that the pool at his apartment building was usually free of jellyfish, "except when the cleaner guy forgets it's Sunday."

"Adam, don't, you're teasing me now." But Leslie loved the gentle way Adam responded to her, and didn't mind being teased at all. She liked his blue smiling eyes.

They chatted pleasantly until Adam turned the car into the underground garage of a high-rise apartment building. They bundled their bags from the boot, "...that's the trunk, back home..." and squeezed into the small lift. Once again, Adam breathed in their musky scent, and liked their close proximity.

On the tenth floor, he held open the door to his apartment.

"You have a lovely home," Quinn remarked as she flowed through the space like a breeze, turning, spinning, touching, absorbing her surroundings through movement.

It was a very masculine space, Quinn decided, with geometric patterns and a muted color palette. Clean and modern.

In front of the large plate glass windows, she released her metre-long hair from its ponytail and ran her fingers through it from the back of her scalp outward, stretching out her shoulders after the long flight. The view of the parkland below was spectacular.

Adam watched, enjoying the sensual movement of the young woman, like watching a cat.

"Mmm, schmancy," Leslie agreed. None of the furniture appeared to have been assembled from flat-packs. Where's the fun in buying furniture if you don't get to put it together yourself?

The entertainment center, on the other hand, held the sort of complicated, multi-component system that played lots of archaic audio and video formats—no game system that Leslie could see, though. Whoever had set it up did a nice job with the cable management. A single universal remote sat on the coffee table and Leslie had to resist the urge to pick it up and explore.

Then she realized something. The sofa was precisely the width of the entertainment center. And the entertainment center nestled perfectly between two bulkheads in the wall. And the bar stools by the counter had the same upholstery as the sofa and the same finish as the coffee table.

"Adam, is all this furniture custom made?"

"Indeed it is. You've studied design, I see."

Well, that's kind of fun. Leslie bathed in his gaze, and found herself responding to Adam, wondering what kind of a man surrounds himself with beautiful objects like these, wondering if he made them himself.

Such very different girls, Adam observed.

"Let me show you your room," he suggested. "Then I'll get some lunch ready while you two freshen up."

The girls didn't mind having to share the guest room's one king sized bed and there was more than enough closet space for both of them. Leslie called first dibs on the shower, and Quinn began unpacking.

In the kitchen Adam busied himself preparing a crudités plate when he was startled by scream of terror from the bedroom.

"Spider!" Leslie screamed, dashing into the living room wearing nothing but a rather fetching bra and panty set. Adam looked up, startled by the noise.

"In the bathtub! Giant hairy poisonous funnel-web spider!" Leslie was clearly upset to the point that she stood in the middle of the room trembling hysterically, not thinking once about being nearly naked in front of a man she'd only just met.

Before Adam could decide whether to console the girl or admonish her silliness, Quinn appeared, carrying a sandal in her hand.

"I got it," she reported, with an exasperated tone in her voice. "Adam, is this anything dangerous?"

Adam examined the smear of goo and chiton on the sole of Quinn's sandal. It didn't resemble any spider he recognized as dangerous. "It's too small to be a funnel-web, and, besides, they only live on the east coast. It's just a common house spider. Well, was a common house spider. Good shot, Quinn!"

Adam reached behind the door of his bedroom for a dressing gown, draping it over Leslie's shoulders as if it was the most normal thing in the world to have a nearly naked girl in his lounge room, shuddering hysterically from a spider sighting.

"Completely harmless. You've got venomous spiders in the U.S. as well, you know."

"I know... I'm sorry," Leslie apologized sheepishly, wrapping her arms across her body. "My brothers made me watch a lot of Steve Irwin when I was little... and I'm really tired."

"C'mon silly," Quinn took Leslie by the hand and lead her back to the spare room. "We'll check the whole bathroom for bugs and then you can take your shower."

Quinn looked back at Adam and smiled, as if to say, don't mind my friend. Adam thought about the delightful sight he'd just seen, and didn't mind at all.

Leslie looked back too, and saw Adam watching; and she was grateful how he'd wrapped her in his dressing gown without a word, to save her from embarrassment. She breathed in the scent of him from his dressing gown, and wondered how old he was.

After lunch, Adam took the girls for a quick tour of the building's amenities; the pool, the gym. Then he took them for a stroll to see the local neighborhood. He pointed out the nearest restaurants and cafes, the nearby park where people walked their dogs and joggers jogged, and the nearest tram stop. "I've got some metro passes somewhere, you can borrow those."

In the early evening, Quinn insisted on paying for an evening meal to thank Adam for his hospitality. As they watched the sun descend, Adam soaked in their youth and innocence, and the girls enjoyed his attention and his charm.

Afterwards, the girls chose a movie to keep them awake as long as they could manage. They selected an action movie with costumed superheroes, explosions, and a fanciful plot. It starred Scarlett Johansson, so Adam wasn't entirely put out.

He watched the way Leslie curled up small against Quinn, and how she played with the other girl's long hair. He saw their obvious affection for each other, and remembered the fine, dark down on the back of Quinn's neck and Leslie's little scar. He breathed in, and now they both smelled of soap.

"You girls get to bed, you must be truly exhausted now. Look at the pair of you." Adam got to his feet. "I'll stay up for a while - headphones - so I don't disturb you." He picked up cups and glasses, taking them through to the kitchen, then returned to the lounge.

"You'll probably sleep till mid-morning. No hurry, get up when you're ready, and help yourself to anything you want." He held out his hands to the girls, to help them up from the couch. Their hands were warm, and both girls pecked him on the cheek, before going to their room.

Quinn was first under the covers, watching Leslie undress, admiring her nicely packed set of curves. The other girl's eyes were bright as she pulled back the covers and spooned tightly against Quinn's back, giving a single soft butterfly kiss on the back of her neck.

Quinn smiled at the pressure of Leslie's breasts against her shoulder blades, and Leslie's thighs against her ass; and she drowsily reached a hand down to rest on her friend's bare leg.

"I thought you were sleepy," Quinn remarked as Leslie slid a hand down the front of Quinn's underwear, grazing her lips with her fingers.

"I didn't touch you once, the whole time we were at your mom's place in San Francisco," Leslie whispered.

"You were very well behaved," Quinn agreed as Leslie's other hand moved up under her T-shirt and found a raspberry nipple to tease.

"And you saved my life today," Leslie added, "killing that poisonous spider."

"It wasn't poisonous."

"You didn't know that when you squashed it. And when you rescue a damsel in distress, the damsel has to reward you. It's tradition."

"Well, I guess if it's tradition..." Quinn finally relented, smiling, and pushed her lacey boy-shorts down as she rolled over to accept Leslie's waiting kiss. "I'll claim my reward."

"God, let me see you," sighed Leslie, sitting up on the bed, her thighs each side of Quinn's hips, just grazing her sex over the rise of Quinn's mound, teasing herself as much as her lover.

She lazily moved her body backwards and forwards, swaying her breasts, teasing, her nipples hard under the T-shirt, the shape of her breasts visible but her soft skin hidden. She watched as Quinn's eyes followed the movement, seeing those dark eyes darken.

"Ooh, Quinn, do you want to see?"

Leslie curved her own hands up under her top, hiding her hands, covering her breasts, denying Quinn the luscious sight. She pushed her body down, finding the top of Quinn's thigh to grind herself against.

"Quinn, I'm so wet already, why am I so wet?"

Quinn bent her leg a little, giving Leslie a long thigh to ride. "Ooo, that's nice," Leslie whispered.

"I've been watching you make flirty eyes at Adam, you bad girl." Quinn caressed Leslie's thighs, savoring the velvet soft skin, sneaking her fingers up towards the softest place at the top of those thighs. "I can tell."

"Tell what?" Leslie smiled, loving being teased, wondering what Quinn could tell.

"Oh, how you'd love him to bring you a mug of hot chocolate, tuck you in, and read you a story." Quinn was delightfully unexpected.

Leslie stopped moving, as if she were pondering the idea. She pressed the palms of her hands against her tight nipples, feeling the hot weight of her breasts, then started her slow movement again, pressing back harder against Quinn's thigh.

"Hmmm, yes, snuggled up in one of his big dressing gowns. That'd be kinda nice."

"I saw that, too," said Quinn gently, as if her girlfriend did it every day, run into a lounge room screaming, barely covered, in front of a man she'd only just met.

Leslie stopped moving completely, pulling a hand from under her T-shirt to cover her mouth. "My god, I did, didn't I?" Her eyes were wide, huge. "Do you think he noticed?"

"Noticed what, darling? The color of your eyes or the cute little bow on your bra?"

Quinn smiled at the sudden shy embarrassment of her best friend, and at the same time shivered with a tiny frisson of something else.
