 I like to write short quick story to the point. Hard or wet factor is the only thing I am aiming for. This is not a PhD dissertation. 

Cancun, the land of sin, sex and getting wasted. College years and 4 of us girls decided to go have a wild time in Mexico. All of us are pretty girls and we knew we will have no problem getting hot guys to fuck. And we were all open to having fun of all kinds, together or individually. We rented 2 rooms facing the pool with balconies that connected. We all had our slutty night club clothes, sexy panties and heels in our suitcases. This story is about one of the nights.

Amy and I were sharing a room. We wanted to share our fuck sessions for the night too. The question was, do we bring one guy back to the room or two guys? We decided to make the night for one guy. How many guys get to fuck 2 girls at the same time? We wanted our fuck boy to have a special memory of Cancun. 

I wore a backless top held by the tinniest strings around my neck and waist with a white summer miniskirt, bright green thong so it could be seen in the night club and fuck me heels. Amy had her school girl plaid skirt, pony tail and white top but no school girl socks or shoes. She had these beautiful 8 inch clear plastic fuck me heels. By the way Amy is a tall blonde sexy girl. 5'9", 125, 34c and tight ass. We both used to fool around a lot together back in college days.

We showed up to the night club close to midnight already buzzing. Within minutes we had a few guys hitting on us, buying our drinks and wanting to dance with us. Given we are polite girls, we took their drink offer, grabbed them and led them to the dance floor. Over the next 3 hours we danced with 6 different guys, all of who managed to grind their cocks in our ass. Not that we were objecting as we were pushing our asses into them all the time. Amy and I both put the naughty grinding dance on teh floor for the boys to have fun with.

It was 2AM and Amy and I decided we will take Albert from Canada and show him the American way of life. We took a quick break. Freshened up in the ladies room, came out, found Albert and dragged him to the floor. I was in front and Amy at the back as we sandwiched Albert. He was having the time of his life with 2 naughty college girls grinding against him. His hands were already on my ass and often under my miniskirt feeling my skin. Amy would reach around and grab his cock as she danced and rubbed her tits in his back. We gad Albert hard in seconds. 

We girls put on a show for all the guys making them envious of Albert's luck. As soon as the song got over, Amy whispered into Albert's ear...'so what hotel are you taking us girls to?' Albert turned around to answer but I grabbed his cock this time which was hard like a rock. He stammered feeling his cock being held again. we girls laughed and grabbed his hands as we led him out of the club. Once on the road Albert had his hands around our waist, a girl in each arm as we waived a taxi. Once in the cab, we were off to his room. Albert sitting in between had his one hand on Amy's big boobs and the other on the inside of my skirt feeling my pussy through my thong. I pulled Albert's cock out and bent over to suck it. the cab guy knew what was happening.

None of us cared. Albert was moaning getting his cock sucked and had Amy's top pushed to the side and sucking on her tits. I was touching myself as I sucked his cock. Amy asked me to move over as she wanted to taste his cock. So I sat back as Amy went down on Albert. Albert turned his attention to my pussy and had my thong pushed to the side and one finger in my wet pussy. The cab driver was trying to see but could not see clearly as it was dark. We were all horny so I reached up and switched on teh cab light to let the driver see some action. He was so delighted to be part of it. He even asked if he could join and how we would make the ride free. I would have said yes but he was not a good looking guy at all.

After 15 minutes of he show we were at Albert's hotel. As we walked in, Albert had his hands on our asses for all to see and I am sure people were seeing a little more of our asses than we knew. Once in his room, Amy collapsed on the bed, her legs up on the bed, her thong clearly in plain view. She asked for a drink as she touched herself. Albert guided me to the mini bar and let me bend down and pull out drinks. He stood behind my bent body and started to dry hump me and slap my ass. I stayed there for a few seconds longer to let him have his fun. Once drinks in each of our hand, Amy asked Albert to eat her pussy. So Albert made it to the bed doggy style to eat her pussy while I pulled his pants down to suck his cock. Here we were all 3 locked into pleasuring each other.

I wanted to be fucked bad after minutes of sucking. So I got up, pulled my thong down and went doggy style on the bed next to Amy and asked Albert to fuck me. Albert was off Amy and his cock was quickly shoved deep in my sloppy wet pussy. Amy pulled her thong away too and went into doggy style next to me and asked Albert to fuck us both. Albert took turn pushing his hard cock one at a time in the two tight pussy in front of him. He was slapping our asses as he fucked us. We both had his cock well lubed with our juices so we asked him to enjoy our ass if he wanted. Albert was in heaven. He now had 4 holes to drill and did he drill all of them?

Albert took turn fucking us in both our holes. We were close to cumming but were not there. So Amy fell down on the bed with her back and moved her pussy under my face. Me in doggy style started to eat her freshly fucked pussy as Albert continued to fuck me. I had Amy's clit in my mouth and I started to suck on it to make her cum. Albert on the other hand picked his speed and started to fuck my ass harder as he finger fucked my pussy. I soon had Albert cumming in my ass as I focussed on getting Amy to cum. No sooner had Albert pulled his limp cock out of my ass, Amy came hard. I cleaned her too. 

I had not yet cum so I lay in bed playing with myself. I asked Albert to come and eat my pussy and make me cum. He went down to business and soon had me cum in his mouth. We all took a break and went out semi naked to his balcony. The room looked towards the garden area and it was 3AM with no one there. Albert sat on a chair in the balcony in his tshirt only. Amy went down on him and started to suck his limp cock as he sat and drank. I moved next to Albert and stood facing the garden, my ass close to his face as I bent over to let him smell my pussy. Albert buried his face under my miniskirt and started to eat me again. Amy on the other hand had Albert all hard.

She stripped naked, left her fuck me heels on and straddled his cock as he sat. Soon Amy was bouncing on his cock. Albert was groping her tits and slapping her ass as she fucked him. I was so excited and horny watching that. Amy rode till she came on his cock. Once she was done cumming she collapsed on him. Albert was still hard and wanted to keep fucking. So she got up and I took her place. But i sat on his cock with my ass towards him. Using his knees to support me, I bent to let him see his cock entering my pussy. He started to fuck me in that position.

Amy who sat touching herself told Albert that when he was ready to cum, he had to cum in her mouth. I protested a little but Amy reminded me that I had already had his cum in my ass. A few minutes of fucking and Albert was ready to blow his load again. I pulled away and Amy went down on her knees as Albert stroked his cock and exploded his cum all over her face and mouth. Amy sucked him clean. And then here we were, 3 naked bodies on the balcony. We girls had a couple more drinks with him naked on the balcony.

Once we were done drinking we went in and told Albert to have a seat as we had a show for him. Then we girls went down on each other and sucked and finger fucked each other till we both girls came. This obviously had the right effect on Albert and he sat with a hard on as he watched us girls cum. He joined us in the bed and we had him under us. His face under my pussy and and his cock in Amy's pussy. We exchanged positions after a minute and Amy told me that she wanted to have Albert cum in her pussy. So when Albert was getting close to cum a third time that night, we changed position one more time till Albert blew his load in her pussy. I continued to grind my pussy on his face till he made me cum.

We girls got dressed, left our panties for him as souvenir and went back to our hotel. That Canadian will remember the American hospitality forever ;)