 I have been dreaming about this moment all day on my motorcycle. The ride up the coast, perfect roads, perfect day, great riding, all ending here at my favorite spa retreat. This is a clothing optional hot spring spa complete with all the amenities including a steam room and sauna outdoors. I have decompressed, showered, and now find myself relaxing in the sauna. I love the dry heat of the sauna. 

My body starts melting into the cedar walls. My skin is covered in delicious sweat as my body sinks into the bench further. Just as I feel ready to shut my eyes and drift off into thoughts of the ride up, the door opens with a whoosh. I look up and see two incredibly gorgeous women open the sauna door and step in. All of our eyes lock for a moment as we smile at each other. 

I notice them both smile at each other and sit down on the bottom bench, leaning up against the wall facing each other. Both their hands slide up and down their bodies, over their breasts and flicking their nipples as they move up and down. This takes me a little by surprise, but is a welcome distraction for sure. My cock starts twitching with the elicit self-teasing.

I notice they are both completely shaven, lacking hair everywhere except their gorgeous long hair. This is my favorite, and I feel my cock twitch again with just the thought of being in here with both of their amazingly smooth bodies. "I hope you don't mind, but does the spa offer shaving and/or waxing services? I notice you two are both very smooth." I ask. 

The one on my right smiles and bites her lower lip. "Why yes, they do, however we both just finished up a long process of removing all our body hair with laser treatments. This is our celebration together for having reached the end of a long path." I see both of them lick their lips and their feet move to touch each other. It is obvious they are intimate with each other by their mannerisms. I can only imagine how much. My mind wanders even further and my cock gives a solid throb. 

My cock is now getting harder and extends underneath my crossed legs. It's a good thing they are on the lower bench as my cock would be obvious if they could see down into my lap. I am pulsing bigger by the second. Just the thoughts of them both being completely smooth and touching each other discreetly has me fired up. 

"I'm Eric, what are your names?" I offer. The one on my left pipes up first, "I'm Ashley, and this is my friend Bri". Ashley looks right up at me and winks. Throb. Throb. My cock starts pushing into my legs. I look over at Bri and she is staring right up at me as well. She licks her lips slightly while looking right into my eyes.

Ashly moans, "I am so happy to have done it, and love the sensation of the sauna with completely smooth skin. My legs feel divine, as well as my pussy." OMG. Did I just hear her correctly? My heart stops. Bri pipes in, "OMG, yes. I feel so clean, slippery, and sexy. My sweat is tickling my pussy as it drips down my body." Bri looks up at me, directly into my eyes. "I notice you like shaving as well. Your body looks deliciously smooth. What is your trick?" 

I am burning inside. My heart is pounding. I am speechless. Almost. "Yes, I love smooth skin. I love shaving and the zen like process of shaving my body. I agree, the sauna feels fantastic when shaven, and this was the perfect opportunity. Thank you for noticing." My cock surges even more, jammed underneath my crossed legs. I feel like I am fucking my feet with my surging cock. Nothing I can think of will stop my now pulsing cock.

Ashly smiles at Bri, "Bri, lets jump in the cold plunge again and come right back. You aren't going anywhere I hope Eric?" I moan a response, "Certainly not. I love this sauna heat melting my smooth skin as much as you."

They both get up, bending over to stretch right in front of me. They pause in full bend, pussies dripping sweat and smiling back up at me. I just want to reach out and take a lick of both. They stand up, open the door and are out of the sauna in a flash.

What just happened here? I am excited, confused, and looking forward to seeing where this might be going. Ashly and Bri are amazing. Their bodies are amazing. They both seem ready to play, and knowing this is their celebratory spa weekend, I imagine they are up for pushing some boundaries if opportunity arises. My cock has assumed a mind of its own, and I adjust my sitting to try and reduce my now raging cock. It's a good thing they left the sauna for a moment. I was about to lose it and have my cock bounce out from under my legs and slap my belly in excitement. 

I give a couple good squeezes of my cock and reposition it so I am still slightly hidden underneath my crossed legs. I can't hide how big my cock has gotten when looking down, but at least I am not obviously standing at full vertical attention. I wiggle my hips a bit feeling my rock hard cock straining and pushing against my crossed legs. Fuck. I have got to calm down.

Both my hands gravitate towards my cock. My fingertips run around my cock head, just under my stretched ridge. I slide my fingers around, under, over, and along the end of my cock. Fuck. My cock is begging for more. I try to refocus and calm down. My cock continues to remind me how hard calming down is going to be. I run my fingertips gently up and down my velvety hot, sweaty cock. I feel my balls tingling and moving as my whole cock expands. My balls relax down across the bench below the base of my cock. Fuck. 

A few more moments pass and I feel like Ashly and Bri have moved on, until the door opens and they slip back into the Sauna. I look up from my cock and am greeted by their amazing vision once again. I can feel my cock jump, straining against my leg holding it down. I pull my fingers away from my cock before the door fully opens, but I am pretty sure I can't hide my state of arousal. 

Ashly and Bri are back from the cold plunge and I can see the goose bumps all over their bodies. Their nipples are firm and erect from the chill. "Eric, do you mind if we practice some relaxing poses to totally settle into the spa moment?" says Ashly. "Not at all, please do what you need." With that they both sit on the lower bench, at first facing me. I catch the mischievous grin they give each other, and then they both lean forward, rolling, and invert. Yes, invert. Right here in the sauna. They both push their hips up, sliding back against the bench with their backs, and spread their legs wide.

There they are, on the lower bench of the sauna, upside down with their feet in a yoga pose, legs wide, and pussies spread. Their legs drape across each other and in front of me. Sweat runs down my body, tickling my skin. I can see their bodies doing the same. Water droplets are dripping down their legs, down their bellies, hanging off their nipples inverted. My mind is blown by the sight before me. Their pussies are both on display like flowers ready to be inhaled, tasted, sucked, licked, and enjoyed fully. 

After our talk of shaving, I offer up the next step, "You mind if I take a closer look at your excellent laser works of art? Seems like you should have a third party inspection to make sure everything is as smooth as you intend." They both just smile up at me and wink. As if they planned this before, they both just press their thighs further apart and moan. Both of them bring their hands up to their upper thighs and cup their pussies. Fuck. They slide their hands around their pussies, over their hips and down their chests. 

Sitting in between each of them on the upper bench, I lean forward, reach out, and press a hand into the closest thigh. I slide my hand across their sweaty thighs and just cup a pussy in each hand. I close my eyes and just feel the heat and softness of each delicious pussy. Their feet are crossed, and hang deliciously close in front of me.

I start pulsing my hands on each pussy. Pressing my fingers around their swollen pussy lips. Running my fingers back and forth across their clits. My fingers are coated with their slippery juices. Their eyes are closed and deep moans are escaping each of their luscious lips. They have both folded their arms in so their hands are both caressing their breasts. Their elbows have locked as I watch them both run their fingertips tantalizingly over their nipples. Their nipples get even harder with this attention.

Their pussies are both completely smooth. Not even an errant hair is anywhere on their bodies. I am salivating wanting to lick each of the hot pussies before me. Instead I just slip my middle fingers inside each pussy and listen to them both moan. I spiral my fingers inside them, deep, around, and continue to slide my exposed fingers over their clits. They are both moaning in delight. Their fingers start moving faster over their nipples. 

That's it, my cock can't take it anymore. It slips out from under my leg and slaps up into my belly, making a loud 'slap' against my sweaty skin. I am so hard, my cock just dances around twitching. I am at full attention. Each hand is dipping into a hot, slippery pussy, and I feel delirious in erotic stimulation. The sauna has gotten exponentially hotter with these two amazing women. 

Ashly, on my left, opens her eyes and stares right into mine. "Was that a cock slap I just heard? Mmm, it gets me even wetter thinking about your hard, shaven cock up there. We did notice you trying to hide it ineffectively. Bri and I were discussing your thick cock out in the cold plunge pool." Says Ashly. "Yeah Ash, that cock looks so good poking out between your feet, even as you trie to hide it." Says Bri. "With a cock that large, it would be a shame to let it dance around on its own." 

I slip my fingers out, rub my hands all over each of their dripping pussies, coating my fingers and hands in sweet pussy juice. I then wrap both hands around my cock and slide their juices all over my raging cock. Up, down, around. In the meantime I hear gasps of wanton eroticism from Ashly and Bri. I bring my fingers up to my mouth and suck them in, one at a time. "Mmmm, your pussy juices taste delicious. I would love to do a proper taste test." I say.

"Well don't let us stop you" says Ashley. Bri chimes in, "Oh fuck yeah. Please perform quality control on our smooth pussies." I stand up, step down onto the lower bench, turning around, and squat down above Ashley. Her pussy is on display before me, in all its glistening glory. She grabs my cock and I lower my shaven balls right onto her luscious, glistening lips. I bend forward and run my lips and right hand fingers up over her salivating pussy. I use my left hand to rest on Bri's pussy and mimic what my right hand is doing to Ashley. 

I lick and taste Ashley's pussy. I run my tongue and lips all over her moist, hot pussy. She tastes incredibly sweet. I devour her pussy with my mouth. My cock surges and strains further. Ashley is doing a great job licking and sucking on my balls while her hands massage my straining cock. I swear my entire body feels like a popsicle being held up by my cock in her hands. I am pumping my hips slightly in her hands as she rubs my precum all over my cock. 

Focusing on quality control, I make sure to rub my tongue over every millimeter of her smooth pussy. I can't find a single hair. I moan and groan in pleasure as to my lucky moment. Bri pipes in, "Don't get too carried away. You still have my pussy to check." I stand up ever so reluctantly from Ashley, sucking her pussy lips out as I lift my drooling lips from her boiling pussy. I step sideways, over Bri, and squat down over her face. I now place my right hand on Ashley's pussy and press my lips and tongue into Bri's now dripping, smooth pussy. 

She tastes different, more like champagne, with a slight tangy taste to her sweet juice. I give her pussy the same treatment I gave Ashley's. I can feel her hips quaking as I rub and lick her clit, sliding my tongue over and into her pussy, over, and over. Not a single hair can be found on her pussy, between her ass, or anywhere my tongue travels. 

I pull away, and offer another option, "Bri, why don't you get up onto the top bench above Ashley and I can do a close comparison of both your delicious pussies. This will let me see up close, side by side, if you are both as cleanly smooth and delicious as each other. With this I stand up and move back over Ashley while Bri rolls off, and jumps up onto the top bench. 

Ashley remains on the lower bench, upside down, with her pussy in full blooming glory. Bri sits on the top bench, above her, leaning back, with her pussy right above Ashley's. Their ass cheeks are touching at the edge of the bench. Bri spreads her legs wide, resting her feet on the edge of the bench. I am standing in front of them both, watching the two gorgeous women in heat lustily penetrate my eyes with theirs. Each pussy seems to be screaming out at me for attention. 

I step forward, up onto the lower bench, and squat above Ashley. I lower my balls right onto her lips as I press my smoothly shaven face right onto her hot pussy. I press my hands into the inner thighs of Bri pressing her thighs up and back. I see her hands surround her pussy and press her slippery juices all around. 

My cock is getting a proper sucking. Ashley's hands have come up and run the length of my cock while she licks and sucks my loose balls. After my fresh shave job, her tongue and lips feel insanely delicious. She sucks one in her mouth and runs her tongue around. She slips that one out and sucks my other ball in, humming and vibrating her lips and mouth all the while. 

Her hands rotate and slide up and around my slippery, hard, velvety hot cock. She is slapping my cock against her upside down chest between rubbing my rock solid full length. I am humping her chest as I suck on Ashley's dripping pussy. Ashley is humping her pussy into my face as I suck on her. I am in heaven with Bri pulling my head closer and rubbing my face around Ashley's pussy. All the while Ashley keeps finding all of my most sensitive areas and focusing on them just long enough.

My cock is so ready to explode from getting sucked, licked, and rubbed, but I want more. I stand up, right above Ashley, and press my cock across Bri's pussy. I rub it along, across, and over Ashley's dripping pussy and push right up and over Bri's throbbing pussy. Bri's hands slide down and cup her friends pussy, playing with Ashley's hole while I tease her with my cock. 

I slide my swollen cock head right along Ashley's boiling pussy, right up to Bri's salivating entrance. Bri's eyes open wide and stare right at my huge cock. I pull back, across Ashley's pussy and repeat. I push my cock along Ashley's pussy again, right up to Bri's pussy entrance. I press forward, popping into her pussy, and pressing right into her wanton cunt. As I slide all the way in and her breath exhales all the way out, my balls slide right up along Ashley's pussy, pulling across her clit. 

OMG. I am fucking one super delicious hot pussy while my balls are slapping and pressing around another. I am in pure heaven. Two hot, dripping pussies for my cock to enjoy. For all of me to enjoy. Ashley is rubbing her hands up and down my legs as I pump my cock deep inside Bri's burning pussy. I press deep, and stay there. I press my hips side to side, waving my cock deep inside Bri. My balls slip back and forth across Ashley's pussy. I feel her engulf my balls in her hands and press them across her pussy. 

My cock is in heaven. Bri wiggles her ass around my cock. Ashley keeps rubbing and pressing my balls across her dripping pussy, rubbing and squeezing them with her hands. Fuck me. I feel my cock raging at max hardness. As much as I don't want to pull out, I think about trying Ashley's pussy. 

I pull out turn around, and aim my burning cock right into Ashley's wanton pussy. Bri just grabs my ass and presses her pussy at the base of my cock as I slide deep into Ashley's boiling cauldron. My cock now slides down, along Bri's screaming pussy, down into Ashley's wanton pussy. As I pull out, my throbbing cock slides along Bri's gaping pussy. She is pressing into my ass and cock as I slide out. My balls drag along her pussy. Her hands are latched onto my ass. I pull out just to the entrance of Ashley's pussy and start slowly sliding back in. Down. Deep into her pussy. She is so slippery I just glide right in, caressed by her hot velvety walls. My raging cock head ridge actually slaps inside her pussy entrance. I can feel a reverberation throughout her pussy from my cock ridge popping inside.

My balls slide down Bri's wet dripping pussy as I press deep into Ashley. Bri just presses her pussy across my throbbing cock base. Her hands slide around all over my sweaty tight ass. I hold my cock deep inside Ashley and rotate my hips. My throbbing cock spirals deep inside Ashley's gushing pussy while the base of my cock moves back and forth across Bri's slippery hot pussy. 

Fuck me. I keep up a slow, steady rhythm. Pumping in and out of Ashley and my cock slides up and down along Bri's pussy. I can feel her pussy vibrating along the length of my solid, throbbing cock. She is whipping her hand and fingers across her clit. Her whole pussy is frothing as I keep up my rhythm. Fuck me. 

Bri lustily breathes, "I want you to fuck me from behind while Ashley checks out my smooth pussy". Who am I to complain? I pull out, turn around, and watch Bri jump up quickly. She flips over, squats down above Ashley's mouth and buries her face in Ashley's pussy. I hear slurping, sucking and moaning noises escaping Bri. I look down and see Ashley grab Bri's ass and pull her down onto her mouth. Ashley sucks in Bri's pussy lips, focusing on her clit. 

I step forward, grabbing Bri's ass and position my raging, glistening, throbbing cock at Bri's pussy entrance. Ashley reaches up and grabs my cock, rubbing my cockhead around Bri's pussy. Ashley positions and squeezes my cock at the base, tight and firm. This causes my cockhead to expand, surging even bigger, and then I step forward, right into Bri's dripping pussy. My cockhead is so big, I barely pop inside her pussy, and then just step forward, feeling her pussy grip my cock all the way. 

My cock slides in smoothly, yet with some resistance. I push in deep. I feel my cock head thrusting her insides apart. Ashley only lets go of the base of my cock as I bottom out my cock inside Bri. I feel her hand slide down around the base of my cock, around my balls. I can feel my balls hanging across Ashley's face as she slides them around. I just know she is devouring Bri's clit as my cock fills her up.

I pull back, and I feel Ashley's hand slide back up and squeeze the base of my cock as I start pulling out. I stop with just a few inches of my cock pulled out. Ashley starts squeezing the base of my cock in a delicious rhythm. She squeezes hard, then lets go slightly, still maintaining contact, but letting my cock surge on its own. Each squeeze seems to somehow make my cock bigger overall. When she squeezes hard, my entire cock expands, strains, and pressures out inside Bri's pussy. Bri is moaning in rhythm with Ashley's squeezing.

OMG. Really? I watch as Bri devours Ashley's pussy. I wrap my hands around her and press both palms over her breasts and hold her breasts. She is pushing Ashley's legs wider, and sucking on her pussy. My legs are wide as I keep my cock still, letting my balls hang on Ashley's face, and feeling her squeezing my rock hard cock. I swear my cock is going to split in half it is so hard. Bri starts squirming her ass around, not being able to stay still any longer.

I pull my cock out of Bri, popping my cockhead out of her pussy, and then popping it back in. I only pop my cockhead just inside her pussy, and back out. I can feel the rock hard ridge of my cock catching on her pussy. I can feel the vibrations and reverberations my cock ridge is giving Bri. 
