 Orlando is a fantastic town with so much to do...if you are eight years old. On the other hand, if you are an adult, it sucks big time compared to other major cities. Today, it is better but back in the mid 90's, Disney controlled every aspect of life in this town. There were a few strip clubs but nothing memorable.

During this period, I was a single man living in a very nice apartment in an upscale area of town. I had the ground floor apartment and two upstairs neighbors. One was a single oriental woman that I did not know at all. The other apartment was occupied by Jason and Wendy who I had exchanged pleasantries with several times.

Across the hall from me were Debbie and Paul. He was not someone I cared for much as he was constantly fighting with his wife. His wife Debbie, on the other hand, was a very nice lady who was a representative of a major beer company. When she found out that I enjoyed the beer she was marketing, she provided me with a nice, constant supply which I appreciated greatly.

All in all, everyone kept to themselves. I worked from home and the people upstairs had day jobs. Debbie traveled a few days a week and her husband was gone for weeks on end.

I had a huge job and was working night and day to get it done. It seemed that for weeks on end, the only company I had were take out food delivery drivers and occasionally Debbie would stop by with a case or two of beer. She was a lovely woman who hid her sadness with her marriage pretty well. She had no family near her and most of their friends were her husbands to begin with. I felt so bad for her and I did my best to make her laugh whenever she stopped by.

I was so busy and so focused on what I had to do that I had not even gone into the chat room I frequented. One night about midnight, my phone rang and it was my friend Holly from Boca Raton.

"Are you going to the meet and greet this weekend" she asked?

"Is it this weekend? I completely forgot about it. I love those things." I stated.

"Everyone is asking if you are still alive. You have never been away this long and seriously, people are worried about you. I told them I would call you and find out if you would be there."

Now Holly was a brunette with a smokin hot body. She was several years older than me and she loved to dance. She was also the biggest flirt I had ever seen. I knew Holly before she bought her new tits and she was great back then. Now, her enhancements brought her so much attention and she loved every bit of it. At 5' 6" and barely 110lbs., her legs were actually her most striking feature. If she had been taller, she could have become a runway model. Those legs led to one of the most delicious asses I had ever had the pleasure of exploring.

"Where are you staying?" I asked.

"With you, I hope," she giggled and told me when she would be arriving. I grinned wide and felt a stirring in my trousers.

"Good, I need a break."

"Darling, you are going to get more than a break. I can't wait to get my hands and lips on you again. I am so horny and when I get this way, you know who I want, don't you?" she purred.

I hung up and knew that this was going to be a great weekend.

The Florida Room held these meet and greets about every three months. The people who frequented the room, enjoyed this and would travel all over the state to attend. We would take over a hotel completely and party all weekend.

Holly arrived and got herself settled in Thursday night. She was hungry and I hadn't had a decent meal in weeks. We decided to go to a nice steak house. Holly went in to change and when she came out, I starred in total disbelief. Could this woman get any hotter? I doubted it. She was a vision of total sensuality. Her long dark hair framed one of the most beautiful faces alive. Her silk blouse was cut deep which displayed her magnificent breasts deliciously. She wore a tight, short, white linen skirt which highlighted her hot firm ass and her graceful, slender, shapely legs. Her stilettos finalized her outfit and completed her transformation from gorgeous to goddess.

We arrived at Charlie's and the look on the valet's face as he opened the door for Holly was priceless. He was a young, good looking guy who should never play poker. There was no doubt in the world what he was thinking when he saw her sexy body as she began to step out of my Corvette. Now, you have to know this little flirt never misses anything. She saw him staring at her boobs, then her legs as he opened the door of the car. She leaned down to get her purse and gave him a full view of her perfectly shaped breast. She lingered allowing him a good long look, She then lifted one leg and placed it out of the vehicle. She reached back inside the car and he had an unobstructed view of her leg and her crotch. She swiveled and came out of the car and stood close to him. Her hand lightly brushed his bulging crotch as she passed him to rejoin me.

"You are such a tease," I laughed.

"Ahhhh the air felt good on my naked pussy baby."

"You've got to be kidding me...right?"

She smirked, "Did you see the package he had?"

I just laughed.

We had a delicious dinner and drinks and headed home.

"Make us Rum Runners baby. They make me so horny and I am craving some loving," she cooed.

The drinks created quite a buzz. Holly felt so good as she placed her head on my shoulder. The site of this exotic beauty was as intoxicating as the drinks had been. She turned her head and her hand stroked my face as she pulled me to her lips. Her deep red lips met mine and they felt like full voltage electricity on mine. Her lipstick lightly stuck to my lips as she parted them and her tender tongue snaked into my mouth. I pulled her close, held her tight and kissed her warmly, deeply and passionately.

This exotic beauty loved to be kissed. The longer the kiss, the more she moaned.

Her blouse provided me unobstructed access to her perfect breasts. Her diamond hard nipples grazed my palms. As my hands held and teased her, Holly threw her head back on the sofa and yelled, "Oh baby, squeeze my tits! Play with my nipples baby! Oh yes, I love it! Tug on my nipples darling! You get me so wet!"

I laughed to myself because it had been a while and I forgot exactly how loud she could get. What I failed to realize was that she was only just revving up.

I slipped the expensive blouse from her slim body as she stood to undo her short skirt. I quickly removed my shirt and trousers as well. I placed them on the chair beside us as she lay back erotically. Her dark hair splayed out strikingly against the gray leather of the sofa. Holly's long legs were encased in silky thigh high nylons and striking stiletto heels. Her nakedness overwhelmed me as she lay there inviting me to please her exceptional body.

I sat beside and ran my hands over her. She threw her arms over her head, stretched like a cat and purred. I ran my hands along her sides and she moaned loudly. I touched the sides of her breasts and she moaned louder and louder. The air kicked on and her nipples became more prominent. I teased them unmercifully.

"Oh you damned tease, pull them hard baby. Tug on my nipples. Pinch them, squeeze them you nasty bastard!" she passionately screamed.

I leaned over her fine body and flicked her hard nipple with my tongue.

Her voice rose even louder, "Oh yesssss, lick my nipples, suck them, bite them, tease them and please them you horny son of a bitch! I love your lips on my tits. Oh God don't stop. Suck them baby, suck them hard for me. Oh fuck that feels so nice!"

My hands traveled down the side of her body. She shivered at my touch while my tongue played with her tits and nipples. She was moaning and yelling but I didn't care. When this goddess wanted something and she was certainly going to get it.

With every stroke of my hand she shrieked louder and her demands became more explicit. I caressed her hip and she went wild. I moved between her elegantly splayed legs and she immediately threw her stockinged limbs over my shoulders. My hands stroked her lovely legs and she groaned loudly.

"You love my legs don't you darling?" she panted. "Run your hot tongue up and down my legs baby, I know you adore them."

I responded by doing just that and traced lines up and down her shapely legs. I held her ankles and pushed her legs towards her, exposing the backs of her knees. My warm breath caressed her as my tongue teased and tantalized the sensitive spot and I knew it drove her wild.

"Oh you lovely, arrogant prick!," Holly screamed. "That fucking drives me wild. You are getting me wet dammit."

I placed her legs back upon my shoulders. My hands snaked to her glorious ass. Holly arched her back and brought her hips up off the sofa. I touched and stroked her perfectly formed ass.

"Oh yes baby, rub my ass, squeeze my butt baby, tease it."

Her voice was so loud, so erotic and so commanding. I held her ankles again and pushed her ass back to the sofa. I pushed her legs up towards her chest, rolling her ass upwards so invitingly. Her magnificence glistened as she grabbed her ankles. I looked into her eyes and saw nothing but pure unbridled lust. I leaned into her and passionately kissed her. I pulled away from the kiss and stroked her luscious breasts while she held her most intimate folds wide for my exploration.

"Do me, oh yes, do me!," she shrieked. "Lick me, lick my fucking hot twat baby."

Her Mons was delightful, perfectly shaved except for a thin, lovely landing strip of dark hair. My face fell and as I exhaled, she moaned. My tongue licked the insides of her thighs and she yelped and screamed. I licked the other side and brought my tongue onto her fine butt. She bucked wildly as I spread her tight cheeks, I teased her and licked the small, sensitive spot between her ass and her pussy.

"Oh my God, that feels so damned good. Oh yes, don't stop, I love it!"

I softly licked her and teased her mercilessly and finally brought my tongue to her exposed little puckered hole. My tongue circled her softly, and the softer I went, the harder her reaction.

"My ass loves your hot tongue. Lick me, rim me, fucking stick your hard tongue into my ass!"

I did and she thrust her ass harder against my face and probing tongue. She ground her perfect ass hard against me as she screamed for all she was worth. Her legs tightened around my neck as she worked her hot ass hard onto my face.

Her clit shone with the wetness as her hips thrust against my face. I attacked her moisture laden lips with gusto. She loved it that way and I didn't disappoint.

"Oh fuck yes, suck my cunt baby!" she yelped. "Bite my lips, pull them apart. Your tongue, use that hot tongue on my wet twat baby! Oh that feels so good! Lick me, bite me, do me honey! Make me cum you horny son of a bitch!"

Holly was so vocal and the hotter she got, her volume increased drastically. I purposely withheld any attention to her sweet clit. I had to drive her so far over the edge that I was certain the cops would be called.

Her hands grabbed my face and she looked pleadingly, "Now darling?"

"Now!"

My lips touched her proud nub and her hips flew off the sofa, thrashing and screaming. "Oh you wonderful man! Suck my clit, suck it deep! Lick it, bite it! Oh God, I'm cumming, yes, yes, yes, don't stop baby!"

Her pussy gushed as she flooded my face with her warm, wonderful cum. She threw her legs around my neck and rode my face unmercifully as I continued to lick and suck her clitoris.

I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, her body convulsing all the way. I playfully threw her to the bed. She grabbed my arm and pulled me down beside her. Holly came up and drove her tongue deep in my mouth. Her scented flesh molded into me as she held my head and tongue fucked my mouth. Her breasts felt delicious on my chest while her hips and pussy wet my rock hard cock.

She sank down, her mouth caressing my chest and stomach. Her hands grasped my turgid organ as her hair tickled my hips. She held my cock tight against my stomach as she licked and lavished her mouth on my tight, high balls. She looked me in the eye as she licked her lips lasciviously. I felt her tongue glide up and down the sides of my hard shaft delightfully. Her warm mouth came straight up the center of my dick and her tongue teased my engorged helmet delightfully. Her scalding mouth was delicious as it slid over me and took me completely into her wanton mouth. Her tongue and teeth played enthusiastically, driving me completely wild.

"Oh how do you do that? Every time gets better and better. Your lips are silky soft yet your mouth is on fire." I murmured. "Don't talk with your mouth full dear. Just don't stop."

Holly continued to push me to the edge and then pull me back repeatedly. Her skills are world class and she knew it. She teased everyone constantly but in bed, her teasing became an art form. It was no wonder everyone wanted her, men and women alike.

As she pulled me back from the brink yet again, she climbed to my lips and I felt her body caress me as she positioned herself to ride my hard cock. I felt the wetness of her pink luscious slit as she drew it along my hardness. She arched her hips and sank the tip into her boiling, velvet sheath. She gasped as she fell onto me and kissed me erotically as I filled her fully. This vixen began to ride like a rodeo rider and she savored every thrust, ridge, vein and inch. She sat upright as I massaged her glorious orbs while her hips gyrated wildly.

"Fuck me darling, fuck my hot pussy! Don't stop, yes, yes, yes, I love the feel of your cock filling my pussy. OH YES baby! Drive it deep into my hot tunnel!" Holly screamed. "I'm gonna cum on your cock baby! I'm gonna cum so hard. Stab me with that hot fucking poker! Don't stop, Oh don't stop you fucker! My clit is loving this sweetie!"

My cock expanded with every shriek and she rode me for all she was worth. Every pinch of her nipples brought another shriek which only made her ride harder.

"I'm cumming , Oh fuck, I'm cumming! Fuck me harder! Give it to me deeper and deeper! OH YES, fuck me faster and let me soak your hot fucking cock!" she wailed.

Her body convulsed as she threw her face onto mine and kissed me so deeply while her pussy rocked incredibly hard onto me. Her orgasms spasmed for minutes and her kisses became more loving as she calmed. I held her close as her breathing became normal once again. Our kisses became tender. Her shrieks became soft subtle moans and her world was good.

I lit her a cigarette and poured us drinks. While her blush began to fade, my hands stroked the backs of her thighs. She purred as she reveled at my touch. I slid between her hips and kissed her warmly. My hands grasp her ankles and I opened her legs wide. I held her apart and kissed the back of her knees. She shrieked and moaned as my tongue tickled her deliciously. My tongue ran up and began to kiss her perfect ass.

"Oh honey, lick me, lick my ass! You know how much I love it! I want you in my ass darling!"

Her pleadings encouraged me and I complied with gusto. I pushed her legs up to her chest, exposing her completely. Holly spread her cheeks allowing me full access to her sweet ass. My tongue swirled around her tightness and she yelled and screamed in ecstasy as I gave her exactly what she craved. When I hit her sweet sensitive ass, she pushed hard against my tongue.

"Tongue fuck me darling! Stick your hot tongue up my ass! I need you to do me and make me cum so hard. I love your tongue darling, Fuck me, fuck my ass baby!"

I did my best to drive her wild and apparently I succeeded. She rode my face frantically and she came massively, soaking my face completely. I rolled her higher and she grabbed her legs as I placed my cock at the entrance to her hot, wanton ass.

"OH FUCK YES! Fuck my hot ass you son of a bitch! Fill my ass with your sweet cock! I want to feel all of it inside me! Fuck yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Don't stop! Stick your cock hard inside me! Fuck my ass baby! Fuck my tight, hot hole! I love your cock in my ass! I'm cumming! OH Fuck, I'm cumming!" she screeched.

The tightness of her ass, the wailing of her voice and the heat of her body engorged me fully and I breathlessly flooded her ass with my own hot cum. I felt her ass clamp on me as my cock shot spurt after spurt into her wonderful tight ass.

"Oh honey, that was so good. I felt every bit of that before it left your cock. What a delicious feeling as your cum travels along your cock and empties into me. I can never get enough of you." she cooed.

She fell asleep in my arms and we slept late on Friday. No one would be at the hotel until at least late afternoon. After a nice brunch, and another session of loud, wonderful sex, we began to get dressed to meet our friends.

Holly took her time dressing and the scent of her perfume was intoxicating long before she entered the living room. She wore a short, coral skirt and a semi transparent matching blouse that left nothing to the imagination. Her nylons and heels completed the ensemble and she truly looked so pleasantly fuckable. Her dark nipples and creamy breasts were highly visible against the clingy fabric. I pulled her close, put my hand between her legs and saw the lascivious look that flashed on her face as I confirmed she wore no panties.

I opened the door and Holly stepped out into the hallway. I went back in to retrieve the bag with our bathing suits.

"Did I tell you that I got an IM the other night from the Judge? She wanted to know if you were coming this weekend. I told her that you were and she went wild. That anal slut is gonna ride your hard cock all weekend if you let her. She kept gushing about how much she wanted your cock in her ass. I promised I wouldn't break you before you got there. Add to that, about a dozen other women who want you too. You better not be too tired when we get home darling."

I grabbed the door to lock it and turned to leave and saw my oriental neighbor in the hallway.

I looked at her and said a perfunctory hello and for the first time ever, she looked directly at me and smiled and returned the greeting.

As we left the building, I looked at Holly and asked, "How much of our last conversation did she hear?"

"All of it. She was getting her mail and she sure lingered. She sure as hell was checking me out."

"Isn't that special," I said as I opened the car door.

Day one of the get together was a complete success. The weather was warm and for the most part, the people were nice. I met quite a few new people for the first time and the regulars were a hoot. I got Holly a drink, kissed her and told her to have fun. I knew she would be busy most of the day and night.

I heard a familiar whisper in my ear and turned to find our friend the Judge who threw her arms around me and kissed me deeply. She sat on the bench in South Florida. A woman in her 50's with the body of a 30 year old and the desire of a wanton sex starved teenager.

"I am thrilled that you are here. Holly told me that you were coming and I told her I didn't want you coming. I want you cumming like crazy baby."

We spent a few hours in her room and then decided to take a swim. I hooked up with a couple of other of my lady friends and finally found Holly. She looked amazing in her bikini.

"Baby, it is getting late. Let's go home. I have plans for you.", she spoke in her sexiest voice.

We got home about 1AM and as we walked to the building, I saw my neighbor Debbie from across the hall get out of her car. I held the door for her and introduced her to Holly. Debbie sure checked her out also.

"Have you been away?" I asked Debbie.

She looked at me with a puzzling twinkle in her eye and stated that she got home yesterday afternoon around 2PM. I asked if Paul was home and she sighed and said, "No the asshole will be gone another week. The only good thing is that he will only be home for three days and then he will be in Europe for three months."
