 Summary: Cheated on bride-to-be competes in wild sex games.

Note 1: This is a Summer 2017 Contest Story!!!

Note 2: Please note that some of my stories can be a bit extreme or out there... and of all my stories, this one may be one of the most fanciful and least believable... but it was very fun to write. I hope you enjoy this over-the-top story as I mangle the concept of American Ninja Warrior.

Note 3: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert, Hey All, thor_pf and Wayne for editing this story.

*

They say that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, and that's the philosophy I followed when I decided to sign up for an adult spinoff of American Ninja Warrior on a hot day in August.

I'd come to Vegas alone to get away from it all, as the saying goes. Or more to the point, to run like hell away from it all. Yes, the situation was like that.

My fiancé had cheated on me three days before our wedding, and he'd done it with my maid-of-honour of all people... who'd simultaneously disqualified herself as my best friend.

So instead of walking down the aisle on the most special day of my life, I was doing the most non-Emily-like thing possible... I was about to run a kinky sex course, in a naughty nurse's uniform, in an attempt to win $36,000 and prove my ex-fiancé wrong... no, I'm not fucking Predictable and Boring. I'm strong and full of life.

Can you believe it?

When I walked in on him fucking my former best friend in the ass, on our bed, his first riposte was: "Emily, what's wrong? You're home really early!"

I replied, stupefied, "What the fuck? You're cheating on me, you rat!"

The bastard didn't miss a stroke, but he kept fucking her and shrugged, "Sorry honey, but Charisma..." yeah, her name was fucking Charisma, can you believe it? With a name like that I should have predicted he'd be attracted to her... "Charisma does all the things you won't do. You can hardly call it cheating if she can take the whole thing in her ass, and you can't)"

What a slap in the face that comment was. He knew how much I tried.

"I won't let you ream my shithole so you're calling me a prude?" I asked, tears streaming down my face, both devastated and angry.

"No, but you just did," he responded, "and yes, you're right."

"Would you at least stop fucking fucking my best friend?" I demanded.

"Sorry, Ems," Charisma apologized, although as she continued to get reamed, she also continued thrusting back, giving as good as she got. I felt like Rodney Dangerfield: I don't get no respect!

"You're both fucking assholes," I yelled (which I know wasn't very original, since he was fucking her asshole), and stormed out. I grabbed my travel bag and suitcase, already packed three days in advance of my fucking wedding! and stormed out of our apartment... heading right to the airport, where I used Mssr. Rectum's (the word's the same in English and French... just pronounced different) MasterCard for a first class seat to Vegas (which was quite luxurious, and the alcohol flowed freely).

I then used his MasterCard to book not a room, but a suite at the Bellagio Hotel... and had been using it ever since as I shopped, ate fancy meals, drank (a lot) and went to a few shows.

And now... I was about to be a contestant on a live show called American Slut Warrior (ASW for short... just ask anybody).

As I prepared to prove him wrong, I reflected back, trying to figure out how it had all gone wrong.

Was I a prude? I suppose. I don't do anal sex, I didn't swallow (unless drunk) and I didn't want sex 24/7. But I fucked, sucked and took facials. Don't those count? Wouldn't you be happy if I did those to you?

I was a very organized, punctual, charming, straightforward person, which fit my job as a real estate agent. I sold a lot of houses because I was honest and gave straight answers to questions. If someone bought a house from me, you could rest assured that it was the best one that their budget would allow without their getting in over their head. I didn't get much repeat business, but that's because whenever someone bought a house from me, they would probably be happy with it for the rest of their life.

Unlike fucking Charisma who wore short tight dresses to showcase her tits and ass to sell houses, I dressed professionally and used respect, trust, logic, and locating the ideal house for a client's taste and pocketbook.

Anyway, I really didn't know what I was getting myself into with this ASW, but the waiver they'd made me fill out made it clear this was going to be wild. For instance, I'd just agreed to hold the parent company harmless if the sperm count in my blood got uncomfortably high. How the hell could that happen?

There were 6 Obstacles, or tasks, and I was guaranteed the following money for each Obstacle I completed... although like all the other contestants, I had no idea what each Obstacle was until I encountered it.

Obstacle 1: $1,000

Obstacle 2: $2,000

Obstacle 3: $3,000

Obstacle 4: $5,000

Obstacle 5: $10,000

And then everyone who completed Obstacle 5 would compete in a final challenge where the top three would receive an additional:

3rd place: $5,000

2nd place: $10,000

1st place: $25,000

 

Once I was registered, I was taken backstage to choose a costume... each one a slutty version of something. Naughty cop, naughty clown, naughty hooker, naughty girl just wearing pasties and pigtails, you get the idea.

Being from a different country (I'm Canadian, eh), I decided Fuck it, I didn't know anyone here, so if I was going to do this, I was going to do it epically.

I chose a slutty maid outfit, one that didn't even try to hold in my 36C tits, and added some black thigh high stockings (because they always made my white legs look much better) and five inch stilettos (although I wasn't sure the nylons were a great idea, since it was 100 degrees outside).

I looked super-hot and way different from my usual conservative girl next door look. I'd even been voted that: Best Girl Next Door in my graduating class... which annoyed me then and still annoys me now.

I added the cute frilly headpiece to step into my role as the sluttiest maid ever.

And now here I was, about to begin the wildest thing I'd ever done by a long shot... completely unaware how big this event was or how many people would be watching my sudden act of spontaneity.

A girl in a transparent body stocking asked me, "Are you ready?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," I replied.

"Walk through that door to begin the game," she said, looking no older than nineteen, utterly drop dead beautiful, and almost as slutty as I did.

"Has anyone completed the entire course yet?" I asked.

"Two," she answered.

"How many more contestants to go?" I asked.

"Just you," she replied.

"Oh, okay," I said, figuring I wouldn't get past more than a couple of Obstacles anyway, but I was excited at the thought that if I did finish, I was guaranteed at least five grand extra.

"Have fun," she smiled warmly, patting my bum.

"I plan to," I replied playfully, pinching her nipples before I walked up to the door.

I paused at the door and took one deep breath before I pushed through it and stepped outside.

I noticed three things when I first got outside:

1. It had somehow gotten even hotter out here... it had to be a hundred and ten fucking degrees.

2. There were people watching from rows of benches in a stadium... thousands of people.

3. There were TV cameras everywhere, and each of the thousands of people was holding a cell phone at the ready.

I froze like a popsicle, even though it was hotter than hell.

What the hell was I doing?

What the fuck was I getting myself into?

I considered turning around and chickening out, but my ex's smug face calling me a prude as he fucked my best friend made me repeat Fuck it just as I was introduced.

The announcer's voice and the way he made each and every word ring throughout the stadium was larger than life.

"And now our final contestant is Emily Haverstock, who is our only contestant from outside of the United States. Emily is twenty-four, a real estate agent from Canada who enjoys mountain views and snowboarding, and whose wedding was scheduled for today. But instead of saying her I do's to one man, she will hopefully be saying many I can do that's through this gruelling but stimulating course. Welcome, Emily! Any words for the audience?" the really good looking commentator asked, handing me a mic.

"Yes, sir. To my ex-fiancé, I'd like to say a cheery Fuck You. Barry, you think I'm a prude, but I'll show you what you're missing out on, you piece of dog shit," I said, looking directly into a camera with adrenaline coursing through my very being.

"We've got a feisty one here," the commentator smiled, before adding, "I imagine you'll have dozens of new wedding offers before this day is through."

"I'll be all ears, but they'd better have big dicks, unlike my ex and his four inch baby penis," I responded, wiggling my little pinky finger to illustrate how small he was. This made the entire crowd roar with thunderous applause and cheers.

"Well, I promise that you'll be seeing a lot of bigger dicks today," he promised.

I quipped back, "You'd better not be lying to me. I haven't had a real cock in years. These are the Hunger Games, aren't they? Well, I'm ravenous!"

Again a huge roar from the crowd which only enhanced my excitement.

He roared, "I hope your man sees this telecast."

"You mean my ex-boy," I countered, before turning to the good looking host and moving my hand to his crotch, feeling his very hard cock and announcing to the audience in my own broadcast voice, "Now this, folks, is a man! Everybody give it up for Super-Cock, here!"

How many ways are there to say that a crowd roared? Well, whatever the answer, they did it again.

I couldn't believe how aggressive I was being, but in the heat of the moment, adrenaline was giving me the courage I usually only staggered towards when I was tipsy or downright drunk.

"We may have to take an R&R break," he joked, pressing his (unfortunately still clothed) cock into my palm.

I smiled, giving his big hard cock one last firm squeeze, "I'll see you at the finish line."

"I hope so," he chuckled, not using his mic, just a one-on-one proposition.

"I know so," I flirted aggressively and intently.

After a pause, he asked, "Are you ready?"

"I was born ready," I answered, still full of adrenaline, my fight juice flooding my entire mind and body... so unlike the perfect lady I was perceived as by everyone.

"All right," he said. "Before we send you to Obstacle One, do you want to make an easy fifty bucks?"

"I'm not that kind of girl," I smiled. "I'll do it for free!"

He laughed, as did the audience, "Remove your bra and panties," he said.

"Alas alack, I can't do that," I sighed dramatically like the heroine in a melodrama, covering my upper and lower privates as if suddenly shy.

"What?" he asked, looking surprised. "Why not?"

After a brief pause I re-tasked my hands, now using them to flash my tits, "Because I'm not wearing a bra! But if you want my panties, you got 'em!"

The crowd roared as I left my boobs showing and sexily wiggled my body as I slowly, seductively, slipped out of my panties before shocking the announcer by stuffing them in his mouth... which of course, led to another boisterous roar from the crowd.

I then quipped, "You can get a better taste directly from the source, but you'll have to wait until I win."

He took them out, tossed them generously into the audience and trothed, "I think I love you."

"I've heard that before," I bantered back, before asking, "What's the first obstacle?"

He handed me a large, fat cucumber.

"Do I have to fuck it?" I asked bluntly.

"Did I mention I love you?" he laughed, as did the entire crowd. Truth be told, when I was in high school, cucumbers were my best friend: big, thick, solid, a soothing room temperature or straight from the fridge for an extra kick, and they don't cheat. He then clarified, "No, you have to hold it between those lovely tits while completing this small Obstacle."

The massive curtain that had been concealing the adventure before me was raised, and it was my turn to gasp. Before me lay a trampoline, followed by a balance beam, leading to three spinning discs I had to walk across, and then a platform containing six naked men, three on each side.

I joked, "Only six men?"

He laughed, "It's only the first Obstacle."

"Fair enough," I nodded, trying to appear calm and collected, even though deep down I was super nervous.

"The men may touch you however they please, but you must keep that cucumber between your tits at all times until you hit the buzzer," he explained. "Is that clear?"

"Can I touch them back?" I asked playfully.

Although I'd always been prim and proper on the outside, my secret fantasies were always wilder. The idea of having two guys at once was always near the top of my list... although a full gangbang was my ultimate fantasy. I hadn't wanted to be perceived as a slut when I was younger, but today I was up for anything, and I couldn't care less who was watching.

"You may if you wish, but you probably won't have time on this Obstacle," he chuckled. "Are you ready?"

"I can use my hands to keep it between my tits, right?" I asked.

"Of course," he nodded.

I slipped out of my heels and sighed, "And to do this I'll have to take off my Fuck Me heels. How am I supposed to communicate the fucking I want?"

"I'll return them to you at the end," he promised, as he bent down to pick them up. "After you communicate with them, will I be fucking you or the heels?" he asked.

"Your choice. However, if you choose wrong, you'll be disappointed! But for now, anything else you want to do while you're down there?" I asked, lifting up my skimpy dress enough for him to see my newly shaved cunt (I'd gotten my first ever Brazilian... for my wedding night... the same day I caught the asshole. "I got my first Brazilian especially for today."

He stared at my pussy, licked his lips and shook his head, "You ex is an idiot."

As he stood up, I grabbed his package again and added, "I expect this to be at the finish line too."

"Little Matt will be there with bells on, or tassels or something," he nodded, before adding, "I love the nylons, you're the only contestant to wear them today."

"I like the way they accentuate my legs," I said, sexily posing for him and the audience, "and the way they make me hot."

The crowd went wild.

"They definitely do that," he approved.

Then living again in the moment, I did the most impulsive thing I'd ever done (of course everything I was about to do in this entire competition would almost certainly be the wildest thing ever as the Obstacles got crazier and crazier, so everything else was flourishes), so with a flourish, I pulled my dress off, leaving me totally naked except for my thigh high nylons. I cupped my generous boobs, offering them to the audience, "It's just too hot out here."

The crowd went wild again... the loudest yet as the host said to my bubble butt, "Holy shit."

"Oh I almost forgot the most important rule," he said, hopefully his memory distracted by my excessive flirtation.

"I have to fuck the MC first?" I questioned wickedly.

He laughed, "That would be a great rule. But no... you are automatically disqualified if you have an orgasm at any time during the competition."

"That is the worst rule ever," I pouted, before adding, "I can't remember the last time I had a real orgasm."

"Well that can still change today," he smiled, "If you win you can get all the help you want, to come all you want, and the audience hopes you'll let them watch!"

"You'll help me all you can?" I asked him with a stern look.

"It's a guarantee," he said, giving me a look like I was the frosting on a cake he wanted to devour whole.

"Can I go now?" I asked, standing before him and everyone else naked, not trying to hide anything, and very proud of my nudity.

"You heard her," he trumpeted to the audience, "she's ready to RUMBLE! You have 60 seconds to finish this first task." and then the countdown began.

Three.

Two.

One.

A horn went off and I began walking. I paused at the trampoline and decided to put on a show, having been a gymnast all my life. I was still incredibly flexible and could get myself into some wicked positions.

I then launched myself down the four-foot drop to the trampoline, did a single bounce to stabilize my balance, then three arched-back somersaults to get to the other side, holding my tits in place the entire time to keep the cucumber between them. I almost fell once, but had the cucumber wedged firmly between my tits in case I did.

The commentator commentated, "Did anyone else almost come?"

This, of course, led to more laughter and cheers.

Having greatly reduced the height of my final bounce, I leapt lightly from the trampoline to the balance beam, which wasn't a real one... it was at least twice as wide as the ones used in competitive gymnastics. The good news: I'd been competing in gymnastics from the age of five until I turned eighteen. So I easily crossed that cakewalk, even doing a show-off spin partway across.

As I nimbly danced across the three rotating disks, I shook my bubble butt a bit to entertain the crowd... which got cheers, hoots and whistles.

I then reached the gauntlet of naked men. Each with his cock already hard, each looking at me with lust, all their hands twitching in expectation.

Fuck, it felt good to be lusted after!

Briefly I imagined just saying Fuck it and dropping to my knees to take all of those cocks in my mouth and wherever else, and make my gangbang fantasy come true.

But then I recalled that time mattered and there was big money at stake, so I briskly walked the gauntlet, managing without the use of my arms to maintain my balance as the men grabbed my ass and tits. I purred, "Maybe later, studs," as I struck the buzzer with my palm and completed my first Obstacle.

A ridiculously hot, big breasted blonde came up to me. She was barefoot, wearing an ultra-string bikini bottom, with one string-like patch nestled between her fully exposed hairless pussy lips, and a pink tee shirt cropped so short that part of her nipples were peeking out from beneath. Emblazoned across the front of it was the slogan for the newest women's rights campaign: "Free the Pink!" She was also wearing a big smile and a saucy attitude. She removed the cucumber from between my tits, placed my hands on her tits, and kissed me for about a quarter minute, her tongue massaging my tonsils. The crowd went wild.
