 Roses head lay on my shoulder in the darkened room. One side of my bed was empty. I smelled something wonderful. Fresh brewed coffee. I smiled and rubbed my eyes. I heard a noise and saw Debbie in the hallway. She looked in on us and informed me that breakfast would be ready in about twenty minutes. I rolled off the bed and stumbled into the shower. I ran the water and quickly shaved. I stepped in and was followed by my hybrid Asian goddess. Rose ran her arms around me and hugged me. I felt her tits against my back. 

"How the hell is she already up and running?" Rose inquired.

"Damned if I know. I am having trouble if breathing after last night. Thank God it is an involuntary function."

Rose giggled delightfully as she grabbed the soap and lathered my back. I turned her around and soaped her as well. The water felt good. We felt the blood begin to flow again properly. Rose reached up and kissed me lightly, "Good morning sweetheart."

"Good morning to you."

"Alright you two. Enough of that lovey, dovey, kissy garbage. There is food out here."

"Food, did someone say food?" 

We jumped from the shower, threw on robes and rushed to the table. Steaming hot Gevalia coffee greeted my nose and I sipped it quickly. Debbie had prepared a terrific breakfast of bacon, eggs, pancakes and fresh baked sweet rolls. Little was said as three famished people dug in and polished it off in no time at all.

"That was delicious. I needed that," I said as I leaned over and kissed Debbie sweetly. 

"I hope it helped. I wanted you to have a transfusion for you but they wouldn't let me get what I needed at the pharmacy," she smirked.

"I need another coffee and then you and I have to talk."

"I'll clean up the kitchen," Rose offered.

We sat in the living room and I told her, "My lawyer Dave has already started on this. You are going to be completely protected. First things first, he is going to meet with you on Monday. He needs your marriage certificate and any bank statements. He needs the titles to the vehicles and any bills for the furniture and any other major purchases. I told him I was sure you could provide that but if you need more time, he will reschedule with you. 

He is going to need you to sign some papers too. As soon as you do, he is going to court to get a restraining order to keep him away from you. We are going to box up his shit and have it ready to go. It will be out in the hallway the day he gets home. You will not be home when he gets back. He will be met and served the restraining order and divorce papers. He will then be instructed to clean out his personal items from the car and to leave the keys inside it. There will be a moving truck parked outside, in his name and paid for with his credit card. He will not be able to get into the apartment because Mike and Ann will be here at 11AM today to change the locks.

Since you have always paid the rent from your own bank account and the lease is in your name, he will be given a time limit to vacate the property. If he exceeds this, he will be trespassed off the property and charged. Your phone numbers are being changed next week and he will be instructed that he is to have no further personal contact with you. All communication with you must, from now on, go through your lawyer."

"Rose, get over here please. Pinch me. No, pinch him. Tell me, this is real," Debbie yelled.

"It's real Debbie, I am as much in awe of this as you are, but I do know, this is real."

"Mike and Ann should be here in a half hour. After they change the locks, we are going to pick up the boxes and stuff we need and get this shit done. Debbie, you tell us what to pack and it will be done in no time and then we can relax and enjoy the weekend. I have to make one adjustment over here. I was going to do it anyway and it will only take about 15 minutes. Then we are good to go. Does that sound like a plan?"

"I don't know what to say. I mean less than twenty four hours ago, my life was in shambles. My marriage was over. All I had was a miserable existence to look forward to and now look at me. Everything is being taken care of far better than I would ever have thought to do too. My life has changed so fast and I have experienced things I only dreamed of. I slept better last night than any other night of my life. How am I ever going to repay you for all you have done?"

"No need for that my dear. No need at all."

"You lying bitch! You didn't sleep! You passed out from total orgasmic exhaustion," Rose laughed.

"That I did! Oh fuck me, that I did," Debbie chuckled.

"Fuck you? We did that already. We're going to do it again too," I said with a straight face. "Again and again."

Debbie leaned over and kissed me. The stress was gone. I saw a new woman, filled with a renewed spirit and smiling broadly. Rose and I got up and got dressed. 

Mike and Ann, the building owners arrived, and the locks were changed quickly. I filled Mike in on the details and Ann consoled Debbie. They left and we drove over to the local moving center to buy boxes, tape and all that good stuff. Debbie's hatchback fit the bill as my Corvette certainly didn't. 

We brought everything into Debbie's apartment and she started directing what went and what stayed. I brought the wardrobe boxes into her bedroom and put them together. 

I had packed all of his clothes when a knock came at the door. Debbie answered it and I heard the familiar click, click, click of Wendy's stilettos. She invariably wore heels no matter what she had on. Of the three, Wendy was the youngest, probably in her late 20's. She was also the tallest standing somewhere around 5' 7". She has shoulder length honey blonde hair, firm breasts, a toned slender frame and long, shapely legs. I only saw her in the hallway and she was very pleasant whenever we had spoken. I knew that she turned heads everywhere she went. Her husband Jason, I've been told, is a hopeless drunk. I barely knew him.

Rose and Debbie were in the living room when Wendy arrived. She did not know I was in the bedroom packing Paul's clothes. Wendy took a couple of steps into the apartment and stopped dead in her tracks.

"Are you moving?"

"I'm not but Paul sure as hell is," Debbie went on to explain what had happened and what had been set in motion to protect her.

"Tell me what to pack and we'll get this done," Wendy said. "I tried to call you Rose last night but you weren't home."

"I was with Debbie and we didn't pick up the phone all night. Debbie was upset and I wanted to calm her down and cheer her up," Rose smiled.

Wendy started packing, "I guess that Holly woman is back again. Damn that woman is loud. He has to be a mechanical fucking machine. I mean that woman was screaming all night long. How can one guy fuck like that?"

Rose looked at Debbie, "Wow I didn't hear a thing. I thought it was very quiet last night. Did you hear anything Debbie?"

"Not really, I was kinda preoccupied. I wasn't paying attention to much other than trying to breathe and feel better. I cried too much last night and then I started to feel wonderful and I was focused on that."

I had opened the bedroom door and saw that Wendy was standing with her back to me. The girls could see me and I don't know how they kept straight faces.

"He got me so fucking wet again last night. My pussy has been dripping ever since. I mean, I am a good looking girl. Guys want to sleep with me all the time. What the fuck do I have to do to get him to screw me like he screws Holly?"

I quietly walked up behind her and whispered in her ear, "Keep packing!"

Rose and Debbie burst into uncontrollable fits of laughter.

Wendy spun around and the shock on her face was priceless. She was speechless. She actually began to babble until finally, she started making sense again.

"Wow, I am so embarrassed. I didn't know you were here. I never would have ever said anything. I am so sorry. I really am. Oh my God, I am so embarrassed. How can I ever make it up to you?"

"Would it help you if I spoke slower? Keep packing Wendy. When everything is packed up, I am going to make the most delicious, sensuous, mind blowing love to you. After that, I am going to fuck you senseless. Do you understand what I just said?"

Wendy just stood there with her mouth opened, starring at me in total disbelief. "What about, uh wait, wait, where is Holly?"

"Holly is in Boca Raton. You saw her leave here last Sunday."

"But, but, but." The coin dropped and she spun first on Rose and then Debbie, "You bitch! You cunt! That was you two last night!" She glared at her two friends as they smiled back at her so sweetly. She almost formed another sentence but instead, turned and walked into my arms. With a burning fire in her eyes, she looked at me and kissed me dramatically. "You are so right Mr. Fuck Machine! You definitely are. You owe me! You fucking well owe me the best screwing I've ever had and then some! You son of a bitch! You have had my sweet pussy so wet all week I can hardly walk."

"Rose, what did I tell you? I can get in trouble without doing anything. Let's get this place packed up now." I smacked Wendy's ass as I turned and walked back into finish packing.

"I want details, all of the details. Ohmigod! Don't leave anything out. When Rose? Ohmigod! When did you? I can't believe this. I really can't believe this. Ohmigod!"

Rose brought her up to speed and so did Debbie. 

"I can't wait. Let's get this done. Hurry up, will you, Ohmigod!" Wendy whispered.

I finished in the bedroom. The ladies were doing the same in the rest of the place. I went back to my place got my dolly and began to stack the boxes in one corner of the living room. Debbie wasn't going to have to be dodging them until they were out of there. It also would make it easier for me to get them into the hall on the day Paul returned. When this was done, I looked at my watch and saw that it was after 4PM. No wonder I was getting hungry. 

"Ladies, I have a question for you. Does everyone like lobster and shrimp?"

They all enthusiastically claimed that they loved it. Then, almost in unison told me they didn't want to go out to dinner. Seems they had plans that didn't involve leaving the house.

"Debbie, you think you had a treat last night," Rose laughed. "Not only is he a chef but he is also a baker and if you think he can make love, you ain't seen anything yet."

"What scares me is that I am going to eventually wake up and find out that this is just the best wet dream I ever had. I don't want that to ever happen," Debbie said.

Wendy looked at me, "We'd rather stay here for dinner."

"Good, I would too! You finish up and I'll go and start dinner." I went back and began prepping everything I needed. 

My front door opened and Wendy walked into the kitchen. She stopped a few feet from me and just stood there looking at me. She had a funny expression on her face and I was unsure how to read it. 

"Obviously, you have something you want to say. I think it is safe to say that no matter what, I won't be upset."

"The girls just told me something about you that really surprised me. No, let me rephrase this, it actually shocked me."

"What were you told?"

"Well, I was told that you would not fuck a woman until you had made love to her first."

"That shocked you? I can't imagine why it would."

"I am twenty eight years old. I think I am attractive. I get hit on all the time and I just ignore it. Men want to fuck me. They want me to suck their cocks and ram their dicks in me, cum and then they are gone. I've been married to a drunken asshole for five years. He has only made me cum twice and that was because he was too drunk to do his usual, cum and pass out. I've had less than ten orgasms from a man in my entire life. I have never been made love to. I know how to fuck but I have no idea how to make love. Will you teach me how to make love?"

"I can't teach you how to make love. I can make love to you. I can show you the warmth and the tenderness you obviously are craving but I can't teach you how to make love to a man. That is something that flows from your heart, not your pussy. If you want me to make love to you, you must know that it will not be slam, bam, thank you ma'am. That is not who I am. Making love is an exploration filled with many things. Every woman is different. What Rose enjoys is different than what Debbie needs. Your wants will be different from theirs. When we make love, I will be discovering the little things that you like. You will show me what you want and what you don't. You won't even know that you are doing it but I will know. That way, when we make love, it will be unique to you and only you. How you respond to me is up to you. On that score, I have no doubt that becoming intimate with you will be a journey into total ecstasy on my part. It is, after all, something I have wanted for a very long time."

"It has been? You have wanted me too? I wish you had said something. I have to tell you something, don't laugh at me please."

"I won't laugh."

"What you just said to me is the sexiest thing I have ever heard in my life. No man has ever said anything as sweet to me in my life. If you let me, I am a fast learner." Wendy walked into me with a warm, loving embrace. I held her in my arms and felt her melt into me. We hugged each other tight, not wanting to let go.

The door opened and Debbie laughed. "Pay up Rose, they still have their clothes on."

We burst into laughter and I went back to work in the kitchen. Debbie set the table and Rose straightened up the bedroom. Rose was becoming used to the little secrets my designers had fitted me with. She came into the kitchen and asked where the refill was for the oil. I told her and she took care of it for me. 

"Wendy, are you going to be okay down here with Jason upstairs?" Debbie asked.

"I should go make sure. Once he's drunk, he passes out for hours."

I cracked up when Debbie yelled, "Barkeeper, massive pass-out beverages for the lovely lady, chop, chop!"

I went to the bar and began to make us all drinks. Dinner was going to be about a half hour and I had plenty of time. 

"Make them right this time, my love," Rose demanded.

"Got it covered darling. One of these and he won't wake up till morning."

Wendy left with the drink and I went back to the kitchen to make the whipped cream for dessert.

"You make your own whipped cream? Most of us just buy it." Debbie asked.

"Deb, he is all about fresh and delicious," Rose quipped.

"Oh you can say that again. He is fresh and delicious baby," Debbie gushed.

Wendy came back smiling, "Well, he was pretty drunk and I gave him the drink. I know he won't remember anything but I told him Debbie was really upset and that I was going to spend the night with her. He muttered something about the drink being delicious. I left and won't see him until tomorrow unfortunately."

"Unfortunately," I inquired.

"Yes, unfortunately, I will have to see his useless ass tomorrow."

"Oh, I was just checking. That's all."

Dinner was a hit. The wine was soothing and mood setting. Wendy walked around my place and commented on everything. She was admiring every piece of furniture when she opened a cabinet and started to giggle. Debbie came over and looked in as well. 

"Rose, if he is ever too tired, we have enough porn in here to keep us cumming for a long time."

"Oh, oh, I love porn! Let me see what's there," she said as she crossed the room.

"There is every kink you can imagine too. Look Rose, there is a whole section of bisexual flicks." Debbie whispered.

"That doesn't surprise me. Did you know he is bi too?" Rose stated.

"No, I had no idea. Wow, is that hot or what?"

"Yeah, I was thinking the same thing myself," Rose agreed.

I made more drinks and walked over to the cabinet where the girls knelt. "See anything you want to watch?"

They giggled and said they were going to watch it all over time. I leaned over and hit one more hidden switch and the big screen TV rose up from behind the cabinet. 

"Watch what you want, I'm going to be busy for a while. Feel free to join us too."

I handed Wendy her drink and walked her down the hall. 

Rose had prepared the room well. Everything was perfect. The lighting, the music, the massage oil had been refilled. She had prepared everything that she knew existed. There was much she was unaware of but all, in good time.

I took Wendy in my arms and held her. She rested her cheek on my shoulder and I felt her hands stroking my chest. I caressed her back delicately and became lost in the scent of her hair. My hand began to lightly touch her shoulder and neck. Her response was to hold me tighter. She seemed to enjoy my soft touch. I moved her hair and exposed her long, lovely neck which I gently kissed. Soft, sensuous kisses rained down on her sensitive neck as she shivered and quietly sighed. I traced the contour of her ear and she moaned loudly. I took her earlobe into my lips and her knees buckled. I felt her hands grasp my neck. Her lovely manicured nails scratched me delightfully. 

I turned her lovely face up to me. Her sparkling blue eyes mesmerized me. I placed my hands on her face and lingered a kiss upon her forehead. Her eye lids turned up nose were next. Wendy inhaled sharply as I kissed her cheek and then her chin. I tilted her chin upwards and kissed the front of her neck.

"Oh, you are delicious, my sexy man. You are making me want you more than I already did. You are driving me wild and I love it."

I kissed the front of her neck and began to slowly undo her silky, navy blouse. With each button, I kissed lower, slowly exposing her alabaster flesh. Wendy ran her fingers through my hair as button after button became undone. I kissed between her lovely, creamy, firm breasts while continuing. My face sank lower as her firm stomach became exposed. I pulled myself back up to those demanding eyes and kissed her lovely lips gently at first. I slipped the blouse from her delicate shoulders as the kiss became more demanding. 

Wendy struggled to undo my shirt however she managed to despite her attempt to climb fully inside my mouth. Our bodies touched flesh to flesh and the temperature in the room rose fast. I deftly undid the clasp on her white linen skirt which fell to the floor as she undid my trousers. Her slender hips pressed against mine. I felt the silkiness of her body nestled amid the strength of her desire. I picked her up and placed her on the bed. Clad only in thigh high stockings and her signature heels, her golden locks splayed enticingly as she lay amongst the pillows. I stood at the side of the mattress and got lost in the vision before me.

"You are far lovelier than I ever envisioned. I've wondered, no, let me rephrase that. I've fantasized seeing you in this position for a very long time. Nowhere in my wildest dreams, did you look as spectacular as you do right this very minute," I said honestly.

I sat beside her supine body and began to stroke her nakedness. Wendy reacted to my every touch. I, on the other hand, marveled in her tall, slender body with her astonishingly full, perfectly formed breasts, small areolas and long, hard nipples. Her stomach was flat with well defined muscles and her slender hips were positively perfect. Her long, stockinged legs were elegant, perfectly formed and so nice to see and touch. I ran my hands along her legs and onto her high heels.

"Oh, let me take these off. I don't want to rip your bedspread."

"Please leave them on. I have a confession to make. I can say this unabashedly. High heels and silky thigh highs are one of my fetishes. They turn me on completely."

"I am so glad to hear you say that because they make me feel sexy. I like that you like that too. I love all things sexy. I love wearing lingerie and slut wear. It gets me so wet."
