 "What are you going to do? Do you have another job?" Gary asked Gina.

"I am moving back to the States. I have no idea where but I can't stay here. This country is in the toilet. Gulfstream has no openings stateside and I am sure I don't want to go back into that rat race again. I am a Captain. Perhaps I can get a job flying private jets. I don't know."

Mark excused himself and headed to the bathroom. He called Michelle and had her check on Gina Copopoulos. He waited while she ran the databases. She checked out perfectly. He thanked her and told her he'd talk to her later. He looked at Gary as he sat back down. Gary took out a piece of paper and wrote a number on it. He slid it over to Gina and she looked at the number.

"What is this?" she asked Gary.

"That is your starting salary. You work for me now. You'll be living in Orlando. I have a little place there and you can stay as long as you want. There is no cost to you. I know you won't have a car but I have one you can use. You'll have full medical, dental and vision. Of course, I pay for all certification costs and you'll have full access to Mark's investment division. His people are expert at making your money grow."

"That's good to know. I made more money this afternoon than I've made in three years. Do you think you can grow that Mark?"

"When we get back to the States, I'll set you up and get you on the program," Mark explained.

"I know I just met you today but I trust you. We have mutual friends." She told him two names that Gary had never heard nor could he even pronounce but Mark knew them. The men played professional soccer and were friends of Mark's.

"I know them well. They are good friends," Mark stated. 

"That is what they both told me. Each one told me if I ever had dealings with you, to make sure it was on a friend's basis as opposed to being a client. They told me the difference. I'd rather be a friend. I can be a good friend," she said as she turned to Gary. "Don't know if you know this or not but you two are legendary in the jet set. I hear you've been known to throw some wild parties."

Jill cracked up, "Girlfriend, you have no idea. If you're going to do this, you had better be horny all the time. We are."

"How much are you bringing back to the US?" Gary asked.

"Just my clothes, I have someone to buy my furniture. The woman who is buying everything said she would move immediately. She is not just buying my furniture; she is buying my apartment and car too. All I need to do is get my clothes and photos. Why?"

"How long would that take to put together?" 

"Not long. A couple of hours would do it." 

"Your first assignment is simple. We are doing a photo shoot in Rome. We will be there another week then we move to Paris for two weeks and finally Geneva for the last two weeks. Let's get you packed up and head back to Rome. We should get there in time for dinner," Jill told her.

They packed and moved her belongings to the airport and everything was stowed onboard. They took off and headed to Rome. Mark was at the controls of one and Gary the other. Both men were happy as could be considering that they got the G3 almost free. 

Jill and Gina spent their time in the air getting to know each other. Gina was not only attractive; she had a wicked sense of humor as well. Jill filled her in on the people she would be working with and the plan for the clubs. Gina was excited to hear about the country music clubs.

"Well hon, you'll discover very quickly that we work hard and we play even harder. I wasn't kidding when I said earlier; I hope you're constantly horny. You are going to around some of the most beautiful women alive. The men are gorgeous, hung and always horny. Life with those two men couldn't get any better."

"I'm confused Jill, which of those two are men are you with?" 

"I'm with both of them. We grew up together, we've been in love with each other since we were teenagers and we've never let go. There actually is a third but he can't come back to the states. Several times a year, we go to Thailand and spend time with him. He is one of the largest Asian porn producers so it is always a good time when we get there."

Jill told her about Gary's girls and that Mark was involved with a gorgeous woman who was hospitalized right now. 

Gary had called ahead and asked Dave and Ron to grab his girls and Shannon and meet them at the airport. He didn't say why, he just wanted them there. They were waiting at the hangar when Gary's G550 landed. It was followed by two G650's and the sparkling G3. Their jaws dropped when Gary walked off his new plane and Mark off his as well. When Jill and Gina deplaned, everyone was speechless.

They introduced Gina while they scrambled through the jets. Wendy walked to the front of the planes and stood there, Daisy Dukes, high heels and hands on her hips. "Is this fucking real? What did you two fucks do? Ohmigod, I can't wait to fuck on these planes."

Mark and Gary doubled over laughing hysterically as Wendy didn't see the two burly Italian Customs Agents standing directly behind her. They had been admiring her ass when her tirade took place. 

She looked over her shoulder, "Oops. Well screw it; I said it and I meant it."

"Get in line girlfriend; I get to christen them first. Then, it is a free for all. 

The customs men spoke in Italian and Gina started to laugh. "They said that is one flight they'd love to be on."

Gary told her to tell them to be nice and they just might get that ride. Shannon walked to the doorway of the new jet, "Jack, what is my favorite saying?"

Mark shook his head, laughed and turned to Gary, "Here it comes."

Jack grinned, "You are such a luscious slut Shannon, your favorite saying is 'Fuck Me Flying' darling."

"Well, fire this thing up and 'D'O IT' baby," she grinned.

The customs men stood there laughing. They advised them that all the required documents had been received by the State Department. They had to inspect the jets but everything was in order. They walked up the ladder and into the jet. Ron closed the door as Jack fired up the jet.

"Where are we going?" one of the customs men asked. 

Gina walked up and told them, in perfect Italian, that they were going to help christen this jet. They were cleared for takeoff and take off they did. The women had the men naked in a heartbeat. Jill looked fantastic wearing thigh highs and stilettos. Her captains' hat completed the ensemble as she began to lick the heavy cock on one of the Customs Agents.

Mark walked up to Gina and he turned her to him. "We hope you'll enjoy working with us Gina," he said as he began opening her blouse. The woman had a sweet body. He bent to kiss her, as her blouse was finally undone. Gary came from behind and removed the blouse from her shoulders. He began kissing her neck as Mark undid her skirt.

"Jill warned me about you two. I didn't expect this to happen this soon but I'm sure not complaining. This is weird though, in all the years I worked for Gulfstream, I've never once joined the club. I quit and now I get to be a member. She was right; life is good in your world."

"Darling, this is just the beginning," Rose whispered in her ear as she made her way to the cockpit. "There are cocks to suck up front. I'll see you later darling."

Shannon was sucking one customs agent and fucking the other. Wendy and Debbie were all over the other pilots and loving it. Jill had grabbed Jeff and Alan and she was doing them sweetly.

"We were seriously developing a complex darling, it has been a while since I've had your body wrapped around my cock," Alan whispered as his cock slid into her lovely body. "Making love to you is a dream come true Jill."

She couldn't answer as Jeff's long cock was filling her throat. They fucked her deliciously and her talented pussy thrilled at the wonderful feelings they imparted on her.

Gina had two long, thick cocks in her hand and she fell to her knees. She looked at these two men and she began to lick and suck them in wonder. They looked at this lovely creature and marveled at her prowess. She was an excellent cocksucker with a gorgeous body. She took Mark fully and then she switched to Gary. They quickly learned she had no gag reflex. Her technique was impeccable. 

Mark sat down and pulled Gina onto him. Her pussy was soft and very wet as she fell onto his hardness. Mark stretched her tightly and she thrilled with each long delicious stroke. Gary knelt behind her and began to lick her perfect ass.

"Ohmigod, now I know what Jill meant. Gary, are you going to fuck my ass while Mark fucks me too? I'll know I died and went to heaven. I've never done this but I can't wait either. Fuck my ass darling. Fuck me I want this so much."

Gary positioned himself against her tight hot ass and she welcomed him in. Her breathing became ragged as he stretched her wonderfully. Gary sank fully into Gina and together they began to fuck her beautifully. Gary wrapped his hands around her and offered her breasts to Mark. He licked and sucked them gently.

"Jill told me this would be life changing and she wasn't kidding. I've never enjoyed anything like this in my life and I don't want it to stop. This is perfect. Don't stop, please fuck me senseless. Yes! Oh, fuck yes!"

They picked up the pace and Gina was ablaze with desire. Her body screamed and shook as they stroked her into oblivion. She thrust her tits into Mark's lips and yelled as wave after wave of total orgasmic bliss overtook her. Her pussy gushed massively and her ass gripped Gary tightly. 

"Is it too early to say, I love you?" she whispered. "Ohmigod this is perfect. Fuck me my darlings. Fuck me harder and don't stop. I love this. Oh, yes! Motherfucker, this is good. So fucking good!"

They kicked everything into high gear and Gina flailed and spasmed wonderfully on the two cocks inside her. Her orgasms were off the chart and this delicious woman was drenched with lust.

The customs men were smiling broadly, as Shannon had done them spectacularly. They looked at this gorgeous Korean goddess and knew they had just experienced something they would never forget. Shannon was definitely a life-altering event all by herself.

The intercom chimed and Jack's voice was heard throughout the cabin. "Attention please, the greedy one is coming for pussy. Be afraid, be very afraid. She's sucked enough cock, hell she even shared some too. Now she wants gash and she will not be denied." 

Rose made a beeline for Gina who had just disengaged and was lying back, exhausted. 

"There you are, you delicious slut. Momma wants your pussy," she said as she knelt before Gina. She lifted her legs and spread her wide. Her fingers pulled her lovely lips apart and her long meaty clit popped into view. "I'm going to love your pussy baby. I could suck your clit for a few years and never get tired." 

Rose began to lick her as Gary walked up and slid himself into Rose's sweet hot twat. Debbie and Wendy began licking her nipples lovingly. Gina was cumming instantly. Shannon crawled up and dropped her perfect Asian pussy onto Gina's lips. Gina wasted no time loving Shannon's hot twat. 

Jill giggled as she was left with all the other men onboard. She went from cock to cock, licking, sucking and fucking each one before heading into the cockpit.

Mark fucked Debbie and then Wendy. Gary drilled his gorgeous Rose lovingly as Gina exploded onto her lips repeatedly. Gina obviously loved pussy as much as she did cock. She had Shannon writhing wonderfully on her tongue. 

Jack and Tom walked out of the cockpit. "The goofy broad says she is landing the jet in the nude."

Mark scurried to find the camera. He was laughing as he walked into the cockpit. He snapped a couple of photos and handed the camera to Gary. He sat down and Gary took more pictures. Jill entered the queue and prepared to land. Gary stood in the cockpit and took more shots as she brought the jet onto the runway. 

"These are going to be priceless some day. I can't wait to send them to Jeremy. He'll freak when he sees them," Gary laughed.

The customs men were dressed and they thanked everyone profusely. As everyone dressed, they were told that as of now, they were five pilots short. 

Gina said she had a girlfriend who was looking for a job stateside. "She is a great pilot, she'll fit right in. She is a former fighter pilot too, sexy as shit and constantly horny."

"Where is she now?" Gary asked. 

"She is in Milan. We've been friends for years. She did two tours with the Navy in the Gulf. She is really serious about getting back to the States."

"Is she bi baby? All our pilots are bi. Hell everyone on board is bi. We don't discriminate darling," Wendy purred.

"I didn't know that. That's hot. I really get off watching that. She definitely will love that too."

"Call her and have her meet us here. I'm definitely interested. Mark needs two pilots and I need four. If I hire her, then all I need is two more. Is she available right away?"

"I talked to her a few days ago. She was beside herself. Italy is in the same shape Greece is and there are no prospects for her at all. She would jump at the chance."

"Gary, Gina and I could fly up there and pick her up tomorrow," Jill said. "I can interview her."

"That works for me," Gary said. 

Four more names were given to Mark and Gary. The pilot problem had been resolved. They headed back to the villa as the sun was setting.

"I love the new jet darling," Debbie said as she nuzzled Gary warmly. "I'm afraid to think of what's next. Every day you blow my mind further. Did you see the looks on those customs men's faces? First, they had Jill and then Shannon. It was wild."

"We love our life," Wendy said as she and Rose walked past Gary. They both smacked his ass as they headed into the vehicles. 

A wonderful Italian buffet was set up when they returned. Every dish was delicious. Pierre had finished shooting for the day and everyone relaxed and enjoyed the evening.

Gina called her friend Brianna and told her about the job. They talked for quite a while and Brianna definitely wanted to meet with Gary. She was in the same position as Gina was. She was already packed. Her lease was up at the end of the week. Gina told her that she and Jill were flying to Milan in the morning to pick her up. She sealed the deal by telling her about the christening of the new aircraft. Brianna was amazed at the story. She told her to be at the airport at 11am and to have everything with her. She wasn't going to be returning to Milan any time soon.

Ainsley was introduced to Gina and they hit it off instantly. The great room was full of spectacular women and gorgeous men. Ronnie laughed as she pointed to Ann who was unzipping one of the Italian hunks.

"Hush Ronnie, I got him first," she giggled as she waved his cock in her direction. "I'm not Rose, I'll share."

"Bitch," Rose laughed. "I really have to work on my reputation."

"You earned it my love," Gary grinned as Megan began to suck his cock. 

Ainsley grabbed Ronnie and Gina and walked over to Pierre. They introduced her to him as Ronnie knelt in front of him.

"Sweetheart, he is not just the biggest name in the world of fashion photography, he's the biggest period," she said as she reached in and pulled that monster from his trousers. 

Gina looked at Pierre and then down at his huge cock. She reached for it and her hand could barely wrap around him. The weight alone blew her mind but her hand was doing the trick. Pierre grew in her hand and she was mesmerized by it.

"It tastes as good as it looks Gina," Ainsley cooed. "When he fucks you, you will be breathless. I love it when he fucks me."

"I love it when he stretches my ass with this thing," Ronnie said as she took him between her lips. 

Gina dropped to her knees and all eyes were upon her as she was introduced to his massive cock. "I've always like big cocks but this is the largest I've ever seen." She looked into his eyes, inhaled and wrapped her lips around his enormous pole. Pierre stretched her lips tightly and she continued to take him in. Her neck expanded as she continued. You could see his cock invading her throat. She seriously had no gag reflex. His cock continued and she took him ball deep on the first attempt. Her hands gripped his hips and she began to rock on him as she continued to suck him deeply. She would remember this day for the rest of her life. 

A full-blown orgy broke out and everyone had a wonderful time again.

The G3 landed in Milan and Jill met Brianna. She was immediately taken by this sweet, blonde woman. Jill learned of her war efforts and was impressed. She also learned that Brianna had a great sense of humor. She offered her the position and Brianna accepted it immediately. They loaded her possessions on the jet and headed back to Rome. Jill poured herself a drink and coffee for her new flight crew. She was impressed with their competence and skill. Gary would be pleased.

Lori left the next morning and Mark told her to refuel in Orlando and pick up Red and Nancy. He told her what was happening but also told her not to say anything to Ainsley. This was going to be a surprise. He handed her an envelope and told her to give it to Red. She kissed him goodbye and headed for home.

The next five weeks went quickly. This catalog would be one of their best ever. Shannon had outdone herself with this years design. The photography was impeccable and Ronnie had been impressive even though her role in this catalog was limited. 

Mark had stayed in touch with Dr. Bowen. The surgeries were completely successful but there was much left to do. As they landed in Geneva, Cherry woke from her coma. Dr. Bowen told him she was doing all right. She was confused, and she had no memory of the attack. He explained that was normal in cases like this. He told Mark that she needed another month or so of surgeries to finish putting her back together. He told him that she had been moved to a private room and that within hours, it looked like a mortuary. He said he had never seen so many flowers in a hospital room.

The news that she had finally awoken made him happy but it also meant he would not be able to visit her, hold her hand or tell her he loved her. He started to enter into a funk that would eventually have serious health complications for him.

Holly, Red and Nancy met the plane and were shocked when four, not one jet landed. They walked out to the tarmac and stood while customs cleared everyone. They looked at the new jets and loved them.

Gina and Brianna were introduced to them and they headed back to the house. 

"You are going to be very happy darling," Red murmured. "It really finished everything off perfectly. I love it. Jill is going to be thrilled too. We moved some things around. Her office is next to yours on the second floor. It's spectacular."

Gina was feeling very comfortable with Gary apparently. When they pulled into the property, she stood there with her hands on her hips and looked at the house. "You are such a lying sack of shit Mr. Banner,"

"What? What the fuck did I do this time?" he asked.

"Oh, I have a 'little place' in Orlando. I've stayed in smaller towns. This place is enormous," Gina, gushed. 

Baby, if you think this is something, wait until you see what's inside," Debbie smiled. "It just gets better."

"Why doesn't that surprise me?" Brianna grinned.

They walked into the house and the two women were stunned with the opulence and luxury. Rose and Wendy took them upstairs and into their suite. "Welcome home girls, I'll have your clothes sent up when they get here. There is no rush getting unpacked. We have a lot of help. There are many people for you to meet. You are going to love living here," Wendy said. 

"Everyone is going to love having you two here too," Rose, quipped. "Don't worry girls; there are tons of hard cocks and sweet pussies to go around. I have a feeling there will be a huge party tonight."
