 When the jets landed at McCarran in Las Vegas, Bell limos were lined up to take everyone back to Trump Towers. For many, this was their first visit to Las Vegas and although they arrived in the morning, they were still impressed. Dani took everyone to the fifth floor apartments and told them to settle in. Holly wanted to meet with everyone in an hour.

Mark and Gary went up to Mark's floor and into his office. Lori and Michelle were waiting. Lori filled Mark in on the fantastic response and handed him a list of people who had signed new contracts and another list of people who would be signing shortly. Models, actors and recording artist were on the list. She told Mark that the recording artists were contacting her in amazing numbers. They were coming in from all genres of the industry but the Country artists were leading the pack.

"We need to put together the best PR people we can and get them on staff as soon as possible. We also need to put together a list of all the bars in the country. We can use that list to introduce the new artists that we sign from the clubs," Mark told her.

"Get together with Debbie on that. That is her field. She was, after all, top in her field for one of the biggest beer manufacturers in the country. She has traveled all over the country putting on promotions in bars and clubs. She knows those people and I know she can be a huge help," Gary said.

Lori was smiling when she handed Mark a signed contract. He looked at it and a huge wide smile spread across his face. Aleka's signed contract was in his hands.

"Is she coming to the party?" Mark asked.

"Dave and Ron should be landing in about an hour. She can't wait to see you. I invited Cherry but she sent me a text telling me she would not attend. I'm sorry Mark," Michelle said.

"How are you doing hiring good entertainment lawyers? Are you finding good people Lori?" Mark asked.

"We may have a problem. I have nine top lawyers who have let it be known that they want to jump ship as soon as possible. I haven't made any commitments at all. I want you to have the final say on them."

"So what is the problem?" Mark asked.

"They all are currently working for Trainer. He is going to be pissed. I figure he may try and sue."

"Let him, I've kicked his ass before, I'll do it again. He is a joke. I'm glad you didn't give the go ahead though. I definitely want to know everything about them. Is research on it?"

"They are definitely on it. I told them I wanted to know how many hairs they had on their asses," Michelle said.

"Good girl, I knew there was a reason I keep you around here."

Michelle looked at Gary and grinned, "Gar, hold me back, I'm going to scratch his eyes out. He keeps me around because I can cook."

Mark laughed so hard he fell off his chair. "Yeah right, I have to tell you where the kitchen is all the time."

Holly called everyone to the main room. After she showed them around, they talked about their trip. Dani had kept meticulous notes from each prior meeting and the Dallas trip was no exception. When the meeting was over, everyone wandered around and checked the place out.

"These two are beyond comprehension. First Gary's place blows us away and now Mark's place is the ultimate bachelor pad. I wonder what part of this is Mark's private domain." Ronnie asked to no one in particular.

"The top five floors of the building belong to Mark. The top floor is his private quarters. The second floor is where I live. Jackson, Mark's butler lives on that floor as well. There are ten additional luxury suites on that floor. This is the third floor and it is the party floor. The floor below us is the permanent residences of Mark's executives and pilots. The fifth floor is a series of luxury apartments reserved for our guests. That is where you are staying Ronnie," Michelle told her.

"The apartment I'm in is amazing. I've never seen such beautiful designs and styles. Everything is absolutely perfect."

"Be sure you tell Red and Nancy that when they get here later today. They love hearing that people appreciate their talents. Wait until you get back to Florida, you won't recognize Gary's house. From what I've heard, the D'Orgasmic house is going to be nothing short of orgasmic."

"What time will they be getting in," Ronnie asked.

Michelle laughed, "Jeff and Alan flew to Orlando, picked up Jill, Shannon, Red, Nancy, Tammy and the other girls. They flew to New York to pick up Diane and should be here by 9pm. Then the party will begin."

Ronnie looked puzzled, "Who is Shannon?"

Michelle laughed. "Ronnie, Shannon is going to become your best friend. Shannon Prong is one of the more beautiful women you'll ever meet. She has a wicked sense of humor and she is constantly horny. She is also Gary's head designer. She is the woman behind the products. Gary's mom and Maggie discovered her in design school. They liked what they saw, hired her and trained her. She turned out to be one of the best investments they ever made. She is going to design the new products you'll model to blow the country audience away."

"I love everything I've seen so far. She sure is talented. I can't imagine Gary having anything but perfection. Look at his women, for God's sake. He's elegant, his women are elegant and his products are elegant."

"Sweetheart," Michelle laughed. "Just wait until you see the queen of elegance when she gets her gorgeous Korean ass here. If you want some of that, you better do her tonight because she's always in demand."

"Sweet," Ronnie said as the elevator door opened and three of the hottest, sexiest looking hunks of black male anatomy walked into the playroom.

"Get your gorgeous white ass over here and give us a kiss you delicious bitch," Rashad bellowed.

Michelle grabbed Ronnie's hand and walked into their waiting arms. They kissed her, hugged her and smacked her ass. "Who is this fine young lady?" Jamal asked.

Michelle introduced Ronnie to Rashad, Jamal and Chris. She told them that Ronnie was Gary's new model, which caused their eyebrows to rise significantly.

Ronnie saw their reaction and tried to put their minds at ease. "I recognized you from all the photos I saw of the Pro Bowl party. I know you were there with Cherry Anderson. Yes, I look like her but I'm not Cherry and I never will be. I hope we can become friends."

Chris leaned over and gave Ronnie a big hug, "I'm sure we will be good friends Ronnie. Damn girl, you're a short little one aren't you?"

"Now Chris, you know the old saying, 'Good things come in small packages'. Trust me when I tell you, this girl is not good, she's great!" Mark laughed as he came up to greet his guys. 

He kissed Ronnie and she trotted off to organize the rehearsal of the various dance routines Mark asked her to put together for the party tomorrow.

The elevator door opened and Aleka walked into the room. She looked positively stunning as she hugged everyone. 

"Damn girl, LA seems to be good for you. You just keep getting better looking all the time," Jamal said sincerely.

Dani walked up and kissed the guys hello. She told Mark that people were arriving and getting settled in. It looked like it would be a great turnout this time. 

Ronnie and the rest of her group arrived while Dani set up the big screen TV's. The women looked delicious and the songs they selected were hot. 

Gary and Holly joined the group and watched the rehearsal. Everyone was impressed with not only the girls' beauty and sex appeal but also with how well they moved as a group. They ran through five songs ending with 'Country Girl'. Ronnie surprised everyone by finishing the song on the stripper platform. Gary looked at Mark and laughed, "Do you get the feeling there is a pole in her background somewhere?"

"She is awesome, that's for sure," Rashad smiled. "Damn, she reminds me..."

"We know, the similarities are astounding," Mark said. "I'd love to see them side by side but that isn't happening. Michelle invited her but she declined the invitation."

Holly got up and walked over to Ronnie. She grabbed Dani and whispered something in her ear. Dani nodded and input some information into the video system. She motioned her men to join them. This resulted in them redoing 'Country Girl' but this time, when Ronnie finished the song she was naked. Holly's guys walked out onto the dance floor when Big & Rich's 'Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy' came on the big screens. Ronnie stayed on the pole while the men stripped the women who returned the favor. By the end of the song, they had spread out throughout the room undressing everyone they saw.

Holly giggled, "There is nothing like an undressed rehearsal, isn't there?"

The elevator doors opened and Red, Nancy and everyone else walked into the party room. "Looks like we got here just in time," Nancy grinned as she pulled Tammy into the room.

Diane rushed over to kiss Aleka and Lori. She turned to the guys and laid big wet ones on everyone. She saw Ronnie making a beeline for her and she kissed the naked darling passionately. Diane turned and walked Ronnie over to a magnificent, tall Korean goddess. They were correct, she was elegance personified. 

"You must be Shannon," Ronnie said as she extended her hand. "From the description I was given, you couldn't be anyone else."

"I hope they were kind with the description Ronnie. They pegged you perfectly. Damn girl, I am going to love designing for you." Shannon kissed Gary and his women passionately. The party went into high gear.

Lindsay came over to Gary and hugged him as she tugged at his belt. Rose and Wendy were laughing at the smug smile on her face. Debbie was already getting busy with Jack and Tom. 

Dani hit some switches and the ambience changed to seductive elegance as the sea of naked people began to enjoy them fully. The main party wouldn't begin until noon tomorrow but no one cared. Hard cocks and wet pussies ruled the moment.

The music blared; people were dancing, fucking and sucking with wild abandoned. Michelle grabbed Rashad and Chris and began to go wild with her own deep desire. Hawaii had been good for Michelle. She did things she had never done before and she loved every moment. She intended to repeat those moments this weekend. 

Ainsley was introduced to everyone. Shannon smiled and appraised this tall Texan critically. "Working with you will probably be more pleasure than one woman could ever hope for. Luckily, we have a lifetime to spend together. Everyday, my life gets better and better." 

She walked into Ainsley and their lips brushed seductively. Ainsley was entranced by this gorgeous creature. Her nipples tightened instantly and she held her gaze. Shannon traced her tongue over Ainsley's delicious lips.

Ainsley starred at this incredible creature with wonder as her hands began to remove her clothing. The fabric she wore was soft, sensuous and sultry. Ainsley licked Shannon's lips sweetly as she pulled the blouse from her body. Her under wire cupless bra enhanced her perfect breasts needlessly. Ainsley lifted her chin and kissed her neck. Shannon moaned as her tiny skirt fell to her ankles. 

Ainsley circled her tight, tiny nipple and began to lick it sweetly. Shannon arched her back; the soft swell of her breast caressed Ainsley's cheek. As Shannon's taut nipple passed Ainsley's hot, wet lips the erotic passions built between them. Ainsley was new to woman love but her body was adjusting superbly. Her hips were flaring and her lips became engorged. She kissed between her breasts and onto her ribs. Her hands cupped Shannon lovingly as she began to kiss her hips. 

Shannon arched her back and brought her pussy to Ainsley's waiting lips. Her long slender legs looked lovely as they parted and rose bringing her moist swollen lips to Ainsley's hot tongue. Ainsley knew how she wanted her own pussy licked and that is what she did for Shannon. She opened her slowly, sensuously and lovingly, tasting her sweetness as it flowed onto her tongue. Her hands caressed her tits and tugged on her nipples as her tongue began to explore every inch of this new Asian beauty. 

Ainsley brought the animal out in Shannon quickly. She started to writhe in total orgasmic bliss. She moaned and came in a rush that Ainsley drank right down. Ainsley was cum drunk; she couldn't get enough of this lovely woman. 

Mark walked over to Shannon who reached over and wrapped her tiny hand around his hard cock. 

"It's been a long time baby," she said as she began to stroke him in earnest. "I hope you are going to fuck my face with this lovely weapon baby. I need your cock in my throat right now Mark. When you're done there, I want you to fuck Ainsley sweetly while she licks my hot pussy."

She pulled him to her lips and wrapped them around his long cock. Her mouth felt wonderful taking him all the way in. She loved sucking cock and she particularly loved it when either Mark or Gary was filling her body. She loved those two men more than they would ever know. Her hands caressed his balls as she guided his cock deep into her throat. 

Mark looked down and watched Ainsley in the heat of passion as her wet face craved the nectar that he knew all so well. Shannon was an amazing woman. Her pussy was tender, sweet and delicious. She pulled him from her mouth and motioned him to fuck Ainsley. 

Mark needed no further prodding. He stepped behind Ainsley and guided himself deep into her wet, tight twat. She inhaled deliciously as he filled her completely. 

Shannon looked and saw Rose sitting, legs splayed and sweetly fingering her pussy as she watched them. Shannon held out her hand and pulled Rose to her. 

"I better be careful from now on. I used to be the only hot Asian but I think I've lost that title darling. I have a question Rose; does your pussy taste as good as it looks?"

"I'll let you be the judge of that," Rose giggled as she straddled Shannon's gorgeous face. 

Shannon wasted little time diving into the insatiable pink sexpot descending onto her tongue. Rose was a woman who craved satisfaction constantly and she had found that with Gary. Shannon could relate to that, as he was one of the few men who could give her the satisfaction she desired as well. 

Mark stroked Ainsley who lovingly was face first into Shannon's hot twat. Rose was riding Shannon's face and was pulling hard at her nipples. Mark was fucking Ainsley who had clamped down massively on his cock and she was cumming constantly. Mark grabbed her hips and began to fuck her in earnest. Ainsley was moaning, shrieking and sucking Shannon who was cumming furiously, flooding her face. 

"Mark darling, slide you cock into her tight, hot ass darling. Fuck her ass and make it as sweet as when you fuck my hot ass. I love your cock in my ass," Rose whimpered.

Ainsley was licking, sucking and nodding her head. She wanted him to fuck her hot Texas ass and she made no bones about it. Mark entered her and she went wild. She took him in and she rode him like a bucking bronco. His cock stretched her tightly and he pushed deep inside her. Shannon exploded repeatedly; Rose flooded Shannon's face with her own massive orgasm. Mark grabbed Ainsley's hips and fucked her ass determinedly. Ainsley's pussy was gushing and her breathing was ragged. She clamped onto Mark and defied him to stroke at all. His intensity soared and her orgasm astounded her. Ainsley collapsed onto Shannon's gushing pussy.

"God, I love watching you fuck ass Mark. It really is true! You and Gary are identical. I want to do something this weekend. I want you and Gary to blindfold us and fuck the hell out of us. Let us try to guess who is doing what to whom," Rose giggled. "I know I am such a slut."

"Welcome to our world dear," Shannon blushed.

Ainsley mumbled something completely unintelligible and that got everyone laughing.

Gary and Lindsay heard what Rose said and they laughed. "I think that would be a great idea Mark. Everyone says we do everything the same. I'm into that. I'm betting Wendy, Rose and Debbie would not have any idea."

Michelle looked at Mark and Gary sternly. "Excuse the fuck out of me. I love those three girls and everyone knows it but if you two are going to blind fuck them, do you think you could at least put a few more names on that list?"

"Who did you have in mind sexy?" Gary laughed.

"Oh a few names come to mind. How about Michelle, Dani, Diane, Aleka, DeeDee, Ainsley, Holly, Red, Nancy, Jill, Shannon, Ronnie and Lindsay. That's a good start. Oh wait, I forgot Linda. We can't forget Beyonce."

"We're fucked Gar, ohmigod, we're fucked." Mark was laughing and counting. That is seventeen of the hottest women on earth."

"Well, if you weren't so fucking good, we wouldn't care but you two are simply amazing," Shannon, whispered.

Orgasms were heard throughout the floor. Tammy was in a sling fucking cock after cock. Her throat was being poked deeply and her tiny tits were rock hard as she was cumming copiously.

Patty and Joann were fucking Jeff and Alan and from the look of it, they were having a great time. 

Rashad and Chris were seated at the bar talking to Andrea and Dana. Gary started to laugh as he realized that Andrea, the auburn haired sweetheart was talking to Chris and stroking his enormous cock at the same time. Dana was all over Rashad and he had that simple, shit-eating grin on his face. They were in pussy heaven and they knew it.

"Speaking of Linda, where the hell is she? I haven't seen her at all," Gary said.

"I saw her; she went into the dark room right off the bat. I think she may still be in there," Lindsay giggled. "I want to try that myself. That looks like a lot of fun."

"Oh Lindsay, I'll go in there with you. I love it; it's pitch black in there and usually full of people. You have no idea who you're sucking, or who is licking you. You get fucked so many times and have no idea who is doing you. I go fucking crazy in there," Shannon said.

"I've got to check that out myself," Rose said.

The elevator chimed and Mark looked to see who was arriving. His jaw dropped and he ran to kiss Kono and shake hands with Daniel. He had no idea they were going to be at the party. Michelle walked up behind him and kissed them both. 

"I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't have a few surprised up my sleeve darling," she whispered as she playfully bit his neck. Aleka, Diane, Lori and the guys came over and greeted them warmly. 

"Damn, you two are definitely overdressed. Get your skinny Hawaiian asses' nekkid and get ready to party," Jamal bellowed. "This black dick is looking for some quality Hawaiian pussy." He picked Kono up and kissed her deeply. "Damn, I've missed you girl." 

"Glad he wasn't talking to me," Daniel laughed.

"Well, I'm talking to you. Get naked and fuck me darling," Aleka giggled. "Miss Hawaii is making this a command performance?" She kissed him deeply while groping his rapidly stiffening cock.

Michelle took them to their suite and they quickly rejoined the party. That was the last anyone saw of them for about an hour.

"This is going to be a good party Michelle, you did surprise me. Thanks baby," Mark sighed.

She grabbed him and spun him towards her. "I'm only going to say this once. Put her out of your head Mark. She walked out on you for whatever reason and you're better off as it turns out. I know your heart. I understand it and I respect it but you have to deal with the reality. You have more than enough women on your plate right now. Tomorrow, we will be wall to wall in naked, horny bodies. Just enjoy and have fun, okay?"

"I do love you Michelle. You're right. I'm just going to get lost in the pleasure and try to forget." Mark kissed her lovingly. 

"Hey, don't forget about me. I haven't really had any quality time with you in a month. I need my man too. I love you too baby," Michelle cooed.
