  [Author's note: From this point in the story, the characters will begin to interact with characters from the series; "Cherry Takes on the NFL" To avoid any confusion on my reader's part, a familiarity with both series would be helpful. Thank you for taking the time to read and for all your wonderful encouragement.]


The party wound down and Jim stayed behind. Holly kissed him deeply. "Did you have a good time darling? I know I did. Your friends are great. I can't wait to do this all over again. I hope they had a good time."

"A good time? Holly, they had the best time of their lives. None of us ever dreamed of being with a woman like you, let alone the rest of the women. Each one of you is a walking wet dream. I've never enjoyed myself so much in my life. I just wish Gary had been here. I really wanted my friends to meet him."

"He will be back in a week. They will meet him."

"Actually, I have several other friends who would love to meet you Holly."

"Oh, who is that?" Holly asked.

"Six of the girls who work at the hotel saw you that weekend. One of them fell so in lust with you, I've barely been able to get her off my dick since you left. The others are adorable and they love sex too. I know you'd love them. Would it be possible to invite them the next time?"

"Sure Jim, I can't see any reason why not. Do they know you guys are bi?"

"Yes they do. They are all bi and they love watching us fuck too. They are lovely sluts just like you sweetheart." Jim was smiling as he kissed her again.

"Then, by all means Jim, we'd love to party with them." Holly felt his cock twitch and she looked down to see those lovely Asian eyes smiling up at her.

"Did someone call my name?" Rose smirked as she trailed her tongue between Holly's puffy wet lips. She licked her pussy, sucked Jim's cock and then licked her pussy again.

"She is becoming a luscious slut, isn't she Holly?" Jim laughed.

"She is a slut-in-training. I still have much to teach this lovely creature." Holly smirked as she kissed Jim one last time. "I'll call you later tomorrow Jim. Call those girls and tell them my pussy is waiting for their lovely lips."

Rose took one last long suck on Jim and stood and kissed him goodnight."

"Come with me girlfriend, Holly is still horny and you seem to still be hungry."

The smell of fresh brewed coffee woke everyone. The day was beginning later than she was used to but she was a remarkable sight. The kitchen was sizzling and the table had been set. Fresh baked cinnamon rolls were on the table and everyone was stumbling into the living room.

"How does she do it? We watched this woman fuck the third army last night and here she is cooking us a gorgeous breakfast?" Nancy asked Red.

"Did someone say breakfast?" Rose said as she careened off the walls heading into the living room.

"Well, don't you look like you were rode hard and put away wet," Wendy laughed.

"That is exactly what happened, as I recall. You all crashed and Holly grabbed me. We kinda partied more after Jim left." Rose yawned.

"I know what that means; I've been there with you Holly!" Red giggled. "How much sleep did you get? Two hours?"

"Three but that's okay, She is still in training. Now eat, after last night, we are going to need our strength. That was a pleasant evening. I had fun. Apparently there are six girls that are coming over next time." Holly said.

"Nancy and I have to go over the plans. I want to show you what is going to happen at the house. It is going to be gorgeous when we are finished." Red said.

"It is gorgeous now," Debbie said. "I can't believe that we are going to be living there. It is like a dream come true."

"I've never seen it," Holly said. I hear it is spectacular. How many bedrooms are there?"

"The main house has fifteen bedrooms but that is getting changed to fourteen. Gary wants the girls bedrooms enlarged so we are taking four bedrooms and making them three. In addition to that, there are two six-bedroom guesthouses on the property and a third six-bedroom servants' quarters. 

Our job is to update the main house and redecorate it. I am glad you're here Holly. The last time we were together with Gary, we spent a few days going over everything he said he would eventually change. Obviously, we never expected it to be this soon. We know what he wants but there is one thing we could sure use your help with. The kitchen is huge and it is very nice but there are things he wanted to change."

"Oh course he does. He is a real stickler for perfection in the kitchen. I know he was happy with Mark's kitchen but you know how competitive those two are. Gary has the better jet, Gary wants the better kitchen." Holly said.

"You are absolutely right. One thing Mark has that is better is the third floor. We have the plans for the new addition. Gary's new addition is going to be just over 21,600 sq. ft." Nancy said.

"Hold on there Kate. He is going to be adding an additional 21,000 sq feet to that house. That will take it to 55,600 square feet. Holy shit!" Wendy stated.

Nancy laughed, "That's right hon, there will be twenty-six bedrooms not counting the servants quarters. Now the home is three floors so it is nice. We have to update everything. The place is nine years old, so it is structurally great but the Carters were older and their tastes in furnishings were not suitable to Gary.

Gary had the pool completely redone last year. It's huge and designed for parties. There are four hot tubs outside and the new building will have an indoor pool and huge hot tub as well. Stage and stripper poles were mandatory on the plans."

Red took out the plans for the new addition and showed them to the girls. Overall, the building will be 180 feet by 120 feet. There are two separate sets of plans and he hasn't decided which one to choose yet. The only difference is one has ten additional large rooms on the second floor and the other set doesn't. 

"Here, look at these." Red showed them the plans and pointed to where the new building would join the main house. "The new building will have a fabulous bar area, a state-of-the-art theater with padded floors, a gloryhole room, a playroom and a darkroom. There will be a wonderful pool and hot tub area, a great lounge, dance floor and of course, a stage and that will all open out onto the pool area. It is going to ooze orgasms."

"I would sure like to see the kitchen. Can we take a ride out there? Is it far from here?" Holly asked.

"It is only about six miles. I wouldn't mind going out there. We are meeting with the architect and the contractor later today. I do want to check a few things. They already drew these plans up last year so all we have to do is pull the permits and start construction immediately. I want to look at those four bedrooms and get an idea about making them into three." Red looked at Debbie and asked, "Do you have the number to the house?"

"I have it in the office. Let me call them and tell them we are coming out."

Red called the architect and asked him to meet her at the house instead of the apartment.

They dressed and threw in a load of laundry. "God, it was a wet night in Florida," Wendy giggled as Rose loaded the machine. "I can't believe that happened. It was wild and you, you were outta bounds."

She batted her lovely oval eyes, "I was out of control? Seriously Wendy, was I the only one? I do remember your pussy leaking like a burst dam."

The tiny little blonde-haired woman with the perfect tits stood in the kitchen and burst out laughing. "We certainly are the most delicious sluts on the planet. We were all out of control."

"Nancy, we were in complete control. We knew what we wanted and we got it. End of discussion."

"Holly you are always one for understatement," Red laughed. "She is loud yes, but definitely understated."

They drove onto the property and Holly let out a gasp. "Are you fucking kidding me? This place is gorgeous."

"Gary was pissed last year. Until then it was the most expensive place on the lake but they started building the place across the lake. It is supposed to be $100 million," Red told everyone.

"I don't care. This place is spectacular." Holly exclaimed.

She pulled into the portico and looked at Holly. "Wait until you see this," Debbie said as she unlocked the main doors. She swung the double doors opened and Holly was frozen in place. The granite floors led to sweeping dual staircases to the second floor. The view was amazing. 

"They say you only have one chance to make a good first impression. Well, this makes a great impression. Show me more." Holly said. 

Rose, Debbie and Wendy were getting a much better look at the home as well. Red and Nancy had been there before. 

The living room was enormous. The ceilings were the highest Holly had ever seen in a home. The entire front of the house was glass overlooking the pool and beyond to the lake. The view was perfect. The home had been furnished with expensive antiques and they definitely didn't suit Gary's lifestyle. 

They walked throughout the home slowly; the girls became much better acquainted with it. They walked into the kitchen and Holly looked at Red. "Just hold on to everything. If I open a new restaurant, I can use this as my kitchen. Are you shitting me? What the hell does he want to change? He has things in here I don't have in my restaurant. Dammit, he never had this stuff in his own restaurant. I'm going to kick his ass."

"Tell us how you really feel baby." Nancy was laughing so hard.

Holly started taking a good look around. She pulled out a pad and paper. She started making notes. "Look around girls; I'll be in here quite a while. I'll find you."

They walked into Gary's wing of the house. One entire side of the house was his domain. His view of the lake and the property was lovely. His bedroom was huge complete with a fireplace, bar, breakfast kitchen, a full living room and separate den. The two closets were each larger than most apartments. The bathroom was almost beyond description. The beautiful whirlpool tub was a centerpiece. 

"The tub was put in just last year. That is staying. Everything else in here is being redone. It just isn't what Gary wants. We have some great designs. We'll have to see what he wants. There is the steam room and the sauna. As you can see, the shower is large enough for all of you at once. I have some nice, kinky new ideas for this. Now that I know you, I am positive you will love them. You three have been the most delightful surprise. You are going to love living here."

"I've got a question Red," Rose quipped. Do they make a bed larger than a king-size?"

Red and Nancy burst out laughing. They started to answer and another fit of laughter overtook them. "We ordered it yesterday before we drove up here. Custom sheets, blankets and bedspreads. Gary was adamant that that was the very first thing he wanted. He loves you all but he loves his space on a mattress too."

"Really, are you serious Red? I never would have known that," Holly laughed as she walked into the bedroom. "He can be brutal. I still have some bruises.

I'm not finished with the kitchen. I have more to do so don't let me interrupt you."

They walked into the first of the four suites that adjoined Gary's suite. The girls looked at the space and the closets. 

"This place is huge. I don't see any reason to change this at all. The closet is huge. I don't have enough clothes to fill a tenth of what is there now. Gary is delusional," Debbie said.

Wendy and Rose agreed with her. 

"It would cost a fortune to change these and personally, I don't see any reason to," Rose said. 

"These four suites are identical. Everything in here was updated just a year ago. What we need to do is figure out who wants which suite and then do your color pallets," Red said as Nancy opened her case.

The girls picked the suites and Nancy went to work. Each woman had a different complexion and Nancy wanted the color schemes for each room to match their personality perfectly. It didn't take long to obtain the information they needed. Nancy told the girls that they would take them furniture shopping in the next few weeks. 

"We'll be flying to New York, Miami, Dallas and Chicago. Everything here will be things you really love. We want each room to be perfect for you. We know where you'll be sleeping but these suites are your own private sanctuaries. The wall art will be unique. You'll see when the time is right," Nancy told them.

They took the elevator up to the second floor and saw the office and library. The gym was equipped with every piece of exercise equipment you could ever imagine. 

The architect and contractor arrived and Nancy and Red went to meet with them. The girls spent the next hour looking at the house and the grounds. There was so much to see.

The meeting was over and the girls met at the pool. They walked down to the lake. They went inside the boathouse and saw it was nicely stocked with two very nice boats and several wave runners. The dock looked fairly new.

They walked back to the patio, sat, and just took in the ambience. Debbie's phone rang and it was Gary. She told him they were at the house and that Red had just finished meeting with the contractor. Wendy handed the phone to Red and they talked for several minutes. 

"Did you party last night?" he asked.

She told him they had and filled him in on the details. He was laughing when she handed the phone to Holly.

"Hi darling, when will you be home?" she asked. She told him she was going to stay and wait until he got back before she left to go home. She told him that she wanted to discuss a few things with him. 

"That will be great because I am bringing a surprise back with me. We will land sometime on Tuesday morning. I'm sure everyone will enjoy this surprise."

Holly handed Wendy the phone, "Hi baby, do you know how to drive a motorhome? It is a big one. I am going to need someone to pick us up in it on Tuesday. I've hired the staff for the house. We are stopping in Jacksonville to pick them up on the way back. The motorhome is in the company garage. Have Dave get you the keys. Tell everyone we are going to spend some time at the house when I get back."

She assured him she could handle it. She reminded him that her father was a long distance trucker. If she could handle an 18-wheeler, she could drive the motorhome. 

He talked to Rose and Debbie again and told them he loved them. He was going to try to get some sleep.

Wendy relayed their conversation and told them that he had hired the some of the staff for the house.

"What is he doing, bringing some of Jeremy's pornstars back with him?" Nancy giggled.

"No, he said he was stopping in Jacksonville to pick them up on the way back," Wendy said.

"Okay, I know exactly who he hired," Holly said. "Several years ago, he took a contract to work with America Online in Jacksonville. This was before he went to the Keys. Anyway, he stayed in a motel for eight months. He raved about four drop dead gorgeous maids who worked there. He told me they were delightful, funny and delicious. I'm betting he hired them to work here. If they are still as sexy as they were then, they are hot. There were two black girls, one Brazilian, and one Australian. From what he told me, it was a great eight months."

"Damn, I'm horny again. Should we call Jim?" Rose snickered.

"Sounds like a plan to me," Red said. "It has been a while since I've had that much cock and when that happens, I can out slut Holly any day of the week."

"Bite me bitch," Holly laughed. "If this is a competition, just say so. Since I had just met these men, I was on my best behavior last night. If you want to see slutty, I'll show you slutty." Holly found Jim's number and dialed. 

"Jim's happy; he told me the girls had each called him several times today. Apparently, they are so wet they can barely sit still. I am going to make a couple of calls. I don't feel like cooking but I have a friend who can put some things together for us. Do we need more booze?"

"No Holly, I laughed at Gary but he had a load of liquor delivered just before he left. My living room is full of booze. I just don't know how he managed it either. He bought it from the distributor." Debbie said.

"Oh I know how he did it. He used my catering license. What about mixes, are we good on that too?"

"We are good to go for a long time, Holly."

"Good because Holly is good to go for a very long time." Holly laughed and giggled. "Let's get back and get this party rolling."

"Get your game on girl," Holly said to Red.

"Oh fuck, this is going to be good," Nancy said to the girls. "Watching those two out slut each other is going to be hysterical. Dammit, I'm getting wet just thinking of it."

"Well, if they thing we are going to let them out do us, they have another think coming," Rose said. "I know what we can do too. Tonight should be fun."

"Just tonight?" Debbie asked. "Do you have anything planned for the rest of the week? I know I don't. According to what I was told last night, neither do they. Collectively, we have enough bedrooms and I'm so fucking horny, I could go on all week."

Wendy had just completed a call as she walked to the car. "That was Dave. Two things, he is bringing the motorhome out to the apartment. He said he would load the booze in it and take it to the property for us on Friday. More importantly, shit for brains decided he was going to make trouble but Dave somehow convinced him to get out of Orlando today. He's gone. He walked out with his clothes and somehow, Dave knows that he got on a flight for South Dakota an hour ago. The divorce papers are signed, sealed and the only thing that needs to be done is have the judges' signature. I'm free as a bird."

Everyone hugged and then things got serious. "We now have something else to celebrate. It is going to be a party." Holly screamed. "Now we don't have any reason to be quiet."

They picked up the trays of food and headed home. The girls got ready.

Rose went upstairs and picked out something she thought would be appropriate. She did her makeup and hair. While she was doing that, Debbie and Wendy went next door to get ready. Debbie walked in and hit the stereo. The country station started to play.

"I didn't know you like country. I love it. Did you know that Gary listens to country all the time? Rose and I heard country the first time Holly was here. Rose said she has heard it many times."

"I've got some great country outfits. Check out these boots. I bought them because I thought they were sexy as hell but the moron would never take me dancing. I wish I had more really hot country clothes. I do love cowboys," Wendy said.

Debbie started to laugh, "Check out these boots. I bought them on a trip to Dallas. I had to do a promotion in a strip club. This one stripper had a pair of these, and she told me where to get them. I'm wearing them tonight. I bought some nice stuff there. I don't know why I did. Maybe it was because I saw Gary in jeans and boots so many times. Do you think that was wishful thinking?"

The door opened and both of them turned and started smiling. Rose was standing there in the shortest western skirt, platform spike heeled cowboy boots and a very sexy hat. 

The girls got dressed and together they sizzled. Three amazing hot women were going to rock their world. They walked back to the apartment and stopped dead in their tracks.

Obviously, it was going to be a yeehaw orgy. Holly was decked in white leather. Her white leather studded skirt was slightly larger than a belt. Her boots were platform stilettos. The hat she wore was fantastic. Red's style was very similar other than the leather she wore perfectly matched her hair. Nancy's outfit was a match to Red's except the color perfectly matched her blonde hair. 
