 [Author's note: From this point in the story, the characters will begin to interact with characters from the series; "Cherry Takes on the NFL" To avoid any confusion on my readers part, a familiarity with both series would be helpful. Thank you for taking the time to read and for all your wonderful encouragement.]



The sun fought its way through the blinds bathing the room in subdued occasional rays of brilliance. He made a mental note to fix that. When he slept, he wanted darkness. He was getting used to waking in the center of his bed with gorgeous on each side. He flashed back to just a few hours ago and the spectacular pleasures he received from the women who had stormed into his life. 

The women wanted to please him as much as he wanted to satisfy them. Their lips were works of art. His eyes closed as he thought back to the wonderful feeling of tender lips sucking and caressing his hard cock. Each woman was different in her technique but so similar in the need to have him in her mouth. He could almost feel those luscious lips as they traveled over his crown. He felt her skilled tongue riding the ridge and licking the precum from his strong cock. Mmm, he must be dreaming, it felt so good. Wendy's head was on his arm and Debbie's hand was on his chest. 

He smiled and looked down to see the sparkling eyes of his precious Rose as she slid those exquisite oriental lips over the head of his cock. His dream materialized in the form of an Asian hybrid, sensual in nature and visually exotic. He closed his eyes to feel the wet, wonderful mouth that was waking him so sweetly. 

Rose took her time and loved every part of his body. During the past week, she learned what thrilled him. It was fast becoming her goal in life to bring him as much joy as possible. 

For two years, this man had lived directly below her and she had no idea what a gentle, caring person he was. His sexual prowess coupled with his exorbitant appetite to give and to receive extreme pleasure had excited and thrilled her. 

Her nipples tingled as her lips flowed over his broad, velvet crown. How can a steel bar feel so soft and subtle? Rose had no idea but she adored his substantial shape, the heavy veining, the ridges, and the addicting flavor of his pleasure producer. 

Her mouth welcomed him warmly. The joy she felt embraced her racing heart with thoughts of love, lust and contentment. She had always dreamed of finding a man who would treat her like the woman she knew she was and the wild, wanton slut she fantasized of becoming. She had suppressed her wild side for way too long. She savored the width of his lovely cock and the fullness she felt as he sank deeper into her wet mouth. 

She needed a man she could trust to handle the tigress that lived under her classy exterior. Her wet mouth loved the ridges. Her lips teased the large veins as she felt him expand. Her tongue began to lick along the base of his shaft bringing him maximum pleasure. She loved the power she held between her lovely lips. This strong man, handsome, funny and sensual, had won her heart in such a short time. 

Rose took him in deep and her hands cradled his substantial balls. She loved the feel of his cock at the back of her mouth. Her tongue caressed and licked his length as she felt him enter her throat. His eyes spoke so well of the pleasure she was conveying to him; eyes that she wanted to see forever and a day. 

She looked at him and felt her pussy tingle. When she held him in her lips, she felt the luckiest woman alive. The feeling was not just about sex, was it? No, she thought, it was ever so much deeper. Pure lust overtook her. She slid her face down filling her throat with his velvet spear. She knew she could live like this for the rest of her life. Her cheeks took him in and out and she loved the erotic feeling. She would attain her deepest, darkest desires with such a man in her life. She sped the motion of her tongue along the wonderfully sensitive underside of his cock as it rose and fell into her throat. 

She knew he was close. She wanted her morning treat while everyone slept. 

Greedy thoughts entered her mind and she rejected them immediately. There was no question in her mind that she was unique however, he is not exclusive to her. 

Her hands felt his legs tighten; she saw his abdomen flatten. It twitched. She sucked harder and deeper. It flinched, lifting the mighty head to the top of her mouth and she began to fuck his cock with her almond shaped face. Her lovely lips tightened as she bobbed wildly. His cock was experiencing the best she knew to give. 

He thrust and her tongue felt the rush as the bottom of his rod primed to serve the salty, sweet breakfast she wanted so much. He moaned and flash flooded her lips and tongue with a glorious load of morning cum. His push continued and she took him into her throat. Her lips and tongue held him there and began to milk every last drop from his tasty hose. 

She held him in her wet mouth until he was soft and pliable. She never moved and he deflated slowly. She loved a soft cock in her mouth, as it was a symbol of her power over it. She could make it hard and she could please it soft. It was, after all, her most prized talent.

She rolled his soft cock around in her mouth and playfully nibbled on him. Rose heard the timer and went to the kitchen. She returned with a tray of fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee. Wendy and Debbie stirred as the smell of coffee gently woke them. Rose kissed each of them and padded back to the kitchen. Wonderful aromas were wafting into the bedroom. Rose was a good cook.

Three very unsteady people stumbled down the hall and sat at the table. Rose had prepared a delicious breakfast and they were hungry from last night's activities. 

"Last night was terrific ladies. I enjoyed that so much. What would you like to do today?" he said as a loud clap of thunder rolled overhead. 

Debbie looked out the window and saw the sky was black. "This looks like it will be around all day. I say we stay in and enjoy the day right here."

Wendy agreed, "Yes that sounds like a good idea. I have some catching up to do anyway. We have everything we need and lots of films to watch. We could even copy some of the scenes and try them out ourselves. Until yesterday, I could only fantasize about doing that. Now I can try it. How does that sound?"

"I like it. I've been the same way myself," Debbie said. "That definitely would work for me."

The girls took an hour to put fresh sheets on the bed and do a load of laundry. 

He sat back and contemplated how much his life had changed from just one visit from Holly. He laughed thinking back to a comment he had made to his friend Mark that Holly was a life-changing event all by herself. He never realized how prophetic that was.

How did he arrive at this place in his life? His parents and their best friends Robert and Maggie Carter had started a small company. Under his mother's and Maggie's direction, it had grown rapidly. Retailers loved their lingerie designs and the orders poured in. D'Orgasmic Lingerie was well on its way to becoming a top named fashion house. 

Their son Jeremy and he were best friends. It was actually the three amigos. Mark Banner completed the inseparable trio. Mark had gone on to found one of the most celebrated sports representation firms in the world. These guys did everything together. 

Jeremy, Mark and he had spent their teen years living the dream. They had money, they had looks and they had strong sex drives. The girls chased them in high school and more so in university. They paid very little attention to the local girls. A stable of willing fashion models demanded their attention constantly. That is what they grew up with and for the most part, still enjoyed.

His own parents had died several years ago in a tragic car crash and he inherited their fortune, which included half of D'Orgasmic, their mansion that he sold for top dollar, and all of their lucrative investments. He kept his fingers in the business but from a distance. He worked with the designers and approved or rejected additions to the product line. He supervised catalog creation from top to bottom. He had not actually been in the corporate offices in over a year. 

He had tried many things, such as selling real estate in Ft. Lauderdale, owning a bar in Key West and writing. Today he wrote technical articles and erotica. His life was simple. He liked it that way. He knew that the day would come when he would have to take over the business but he wasn't expecting it any time soon.

This business had been his life from as early as he could remember. Robert and Maggie shared CEO responsibilities but they concentrated on the PR end of the business when they had to. Most of the time, they worked bringing aid to war torn countries. They had put in place an excellent president and staff to run the company.

Jeremy, on the other hand, had gone on to work on Wall Street and made many bad decisions. Those decisions turned criminal. He made and stashed millions overseas before coming under SEC scrutiny. He fled the country just hours before they charged him with over one hundred and fifty counts of one sort or another. Convicted in absentia on all counts; Jeremy faced almost one thousand years in prison. He was never coming back to the states. He got into the porn business in Thailand and was quickly on his way to becoming a billionaire.

When the shit hit the fan regarding Jeremy, many legal things had to be done quickly. Jeremy would be ineligible to inherit anything from his parents. The government would immediately seize any money, property and investments in the event he would be named in a will.

The solution was simple. He had purchased their share of the company and all their assets including their mansion in the exclusive Isleworth subdivision on the Butler Chain of Lakes. Robert and Maggie enjoyed the lifestyle they had earned without having to worry about any complications. Their income from the company was substantial and what they did with it was their business. 

Mark had graduated top of his class at Harvard. He was a sports nut. He had known the stats on every player in almost every sport played. Everyone thought he would wind up in Las Vegas running a sports book at a major casino. He had other ideas and started a law practice specializing in sports representation in, of course, Las Vegas. His personality had served him well and he began attracting clients. Mark had signed one football player and obtained such a huge contract for him that they came to him in droves for his services. He built the largest firm of its kind in the world.

He watched his own trio of lovely women as they made quick work of putting his place back into showroom condition. These women had been on the periphery of his vision for years and he never took the time to see them. He could be a fool at times. He never wanted for lack of company to be sure; he still maintained a substantial black book of willing and eager women and a few men interested in sharing his bed. Speaking of which, he needs a bigger bed now. 

Wendy walked over to the sofa with a fresh cup of coffee for him. He smiled as he saw how this delicious blonde-haired woman with the Carmen Electra legs brought that robe to life. She was stunning. She sat the cup down and stroked her long nails across his chest. Her heart raced every time she touched him. 

She is just getting to know who this man is and she liked everything about him. He is a kind, gentle man with beautiful eyes that actually looked at you when you spoke. He is funny and sweet. He made her feel special and that was something new to her. No man had ever made love to her and nobody had ever fucked her so deliciously either. In the space of just one day, Wendy had experienced emotions, sensations and more orgasms than she could ever recall. All of this occurred while she shared him with two other extremely hot, sexy women. What would he be like alone? Rose was going to get her ass smacked over hoarding him for almost a week.

Wendy turned his face and met his lips with the softest, sweetest kiss. She held his face in her hands as their kiss lingered. The feelings thrilled her and confused her as well. 

The man she was unfortunately married to was a useless drunk. He was a mistake that she knew had to be rectified. The few trysts she had experienced were unsatisfying at best. Wendy wondered would she grow old with him. She did not know but she felt that she would. He returned her kiss equally tenderly. 

"It is so hard for me to tell you how I feel this morning. So many thoughts are rushing through my head. Certainly, you will understand. I just want you to know that for the first time in my adult life, I woke up happy," Wendy said. "You make me feel so wanted, so desirable and special. If this truly is the beginning of a journey, I am so happy to be part of it." She kissed him once again and shivered as his presence in her arms tingled her being to its core.

Debbie came over and knelt at his feet as Rose was putting the bedspread back on the bed. She stroked his leg sweetly while Wendy's nails caressed his chest. He looked at these lovely women and smiled broadly. 

"Is this real Gary? I mean, is it?" Debbie asked. "I agree with Wendy. I woke up the last two days feeling loved and appreciated for the first time in years, even if Rose was getting first dibs on you today."

"Oh shit, I was trying to be so quiet too," Rose shouted from the bedroom. "I didn't make a sound and that was fucking hard to do too."

Wendy laughed, "You didn't Rose. Did you forget, we were holding on to him at the time? My head was on his arm. I heard his heartbeat racing. That is what woke me up."

"My hand was on his chest, I felt it," Debbie said.

"Oh, okay, just checking, that's all," Rose, laughed.

"Debbie I've been living alone for so long and I enjoy that aspect of my life. Obviously, you know I am no virgin. I share my bed with many people. I always have and always will. You did not know about them because there are very few like Holly. As much as I care for each one of you, my life has to go on. I want you all with me every step of the way. There is a lot about me that you don't know. You may like it or you may not. My guess is that, as we get to know each other better, that you'll enjoy the ride as much as I do. It will be a sexy ride to be sure."

"How long do you see this ride lasting Gary?" Debbie asked.

"Oh that is a question, isn't it? I would hope a very long time. That is not up to me, it is up to each of you to determine. I am not going anywhere so if you're into it, so am I."

"The bedroom is back together everyone. All stocked up and ready to go. The toy box is open and the candles are burning. The Sybian is out because I know I want to play with it. Oh, you have to see the attachments I found. They are great. The big screen is up as well and I took the liberty of loading a DVD I think we'll enjoy. Let's get this party on the road. Bartender, Rum Runners please," Rose smiled.

Debbie ran her hand up Gary's leg grabbing his cock pulling him to his feet. "Come with us, you glorious piece of manhood. Today, you're getting used, abused and you're going to love it."

"Fucking right you are. God, I'm wet just thinking about all the nasty things that we are going to do to him today. I am over flowing with years of unspent cum and I am damned sure going to get wild today," Rose giggled. 

"I had a guy say this to me once and he did exactly what he said he would do. Now it is my turn to say it to him. Baby, I am going to fuck your brains out. Debbie, drag his spectacular body to the bedroom," Wendy commanded.

Everyone laughed as Debbie dragged him down the hallway by his dick. She threw him onto the bed and three naked, high-heeled women began to kiss and lick him all over. 

Rose had lit several candles from the toy box and the scent was intoxicating. He giggled, as he knew they were pheromone candles. One would have been sufficient but she had lit four. It was going to be a wild ride for sure. He had used them sparingly because they were highly effective. Their effect more than doubled your sex drive. He hoped his own performance would be sufficient. He knew one thing; it was going to be fun finding out. 

Rose hit play and the wall came alive as a very hot scene began playing. Wendy began kissing his face, lips, neck and shoulders. Rose was licking his nipples and scraping his chest with her lovely nails. 

Debbie was exactly where she wanted to be. Her lips wrapped around his great cock. She filled her mouth with his hardness while caressing his balls. Debbie was in cock heaven. 

The scent was having a wild effect and he found it hard to concentrate on any one woman's attention. He felt as if he was floating in a sea of sensational softness. Each of his women had their own sweet style of lovemaking and that was so good to him. Each body was different in size and shape. Their hair lengths varied bringing a much different feeling as their faces traveled the length of his body. The touch of their hands felt different on his skin. 

The one thing that amazed him is how similar they were while sucking his cock. Their level of expertise was truly a thing of beauty. Debbie's years of abuse from Paul had suppressed her desire for physical contact with him. Unleashed now, she had years of gratification to make up for. She was making the most of it. She wanted closeness, warmth and love. Whether it came from his cock or the lips of her women lovers, she craved it. 

Debbie was attacking him fiercely. His cock was bottoming out at the back of her mouth repeatedly. Her tongue was licking, tasting, twirling and slurping loudly. This was a fantastic, wet, sloppy blowjob. 

The candles were definitely having the expected effect. 

Wendy jumped on his face and lowered her gorgeous pussy onto his lips and she began to ride. She rode his lips. She rode his tongue and she rode him hard.

"Eat my pussy dammit, eat me," she screamed. "Oh Fuck this feels so good. Eat me baby suck my pussy. Make me cum hard. Oh, that's it right there, lick it darling. My pussy needs your fucking tongue. Lick my asshole. Yes, Rose come up here and bite my tits. Fuck this is so good!"

Rose straddled my forehead, her wet pussy leaving a nice wet streak as she held Wendy and began kissing while he tongued her deeply. Rose and Wendy were tit-to-tit and pussy-to-pussy on my face. They were touching, tugging nipples and riding his face hard. Debbie was sucking him furiously. Rose put her arm around Wendy and slipped a finger in her ass. Wendy rode back on her finger and began to ride his face harder and faster. She shrieked and began to cum. The finger opened a floodgate that drenched his mouth completely. She threw her head back and rocked hard on the tongue, which was planted, firmly in her vagina.

"Cum on that tongue you delicious bitch. Ride him and keep cumming my love. Flood his face. You like my finger in your ass don't you baby. Soon his cock is going to be in your ass. You want that too don't you? We all want his cock in our asses. Keep cumming, you delicious bitch. Oh yes, scream some more. You won't bother anyone upstairs. Do it baby, cum again and again."

She gushed, she flowed and with each strong orgasm, her pussy just kept cumming. He licked as best he could. Nevertheless, with Rose's dripping twat on his forehead, he couldn't move very well. He didn't care. No matter who moved, all he saw was delicious, hot twats. 

Debbie was on fire. She jumped on his cock and started slamming her pussy down on him. She was being brutal and she began to cum almost before she bottomed out the first time. 

"Fuck, I am so horny, fuck me you gorgeous hunk of man. Slam your cock up my cunt and make me cum. I want to cum more. Feel my hot pussy baby. I am so wet my love. Fuck me. Ram that hot cock harder and deeper into me. Make me cum again. Oh, fuck me!" Debbie screamed.
