 The next morning, Linda and Holly met them in the kitchen. Mark staggered in demanding coffee. "Intravenously please, I'm tired. You went to bed and I partied for another two hours."

"Excuse the fuck out of me, I went to bed with three hot, horny women who demanded, let me repeat that, demanded my complete attention," Gary grinned. "They get hornier every day."

"Are you two complaining?" Linda looked dumbfounded. "Well, that fucks up our plans Holly. I guess you'll just have to let me lick your pussy instead."

"More coffee," Gary demanded. "Like either of us would pass up either of you, give me a freakin break."

They spent the next five hours making cakes, pies, cookies, cinnamon buns and of course cheesecakes. They burned through several pots of coffee and took time for the occasional orgasm as well. Something about these two women, no one could resist. 

Gary called his pool man and told him to go ahead on the balance of the pool. He told him to schedule the construction with Red, that he was going to be away for six weeks and hoped the pool would be complete on his return.

The girls were busy packing. Lori and Diane arrived. Diane helped Ronnie pack for the trip. Lori was flying on Gary's jet and Mark was heading to Dallas to see Cherry and assist Ainsley is getting everything up and running.

Lori and Mark had a long meeting and they both came out of it smiling. She had great news for him. Their list of fresh contracts blew him away. He saw the list of names of models who had signed and he was stunned. Some of the biggest names in the business had signed on and the list of others who were waiting to sign was long and prestigious. 

As far as the entertainers were concerned, the list wasn't as long but he expected that. They had record deals, management contracts and tour schedules to work around. They would come but it would take time. 

Mark told her that he was more interested in signing the new talent. With that regard, he authorized a talent search. He wanted four teams of two to travel around the country looking for talent for both clubs. They were to approach them, get to know them and find out if they had representation. He told her to instruct them to keep everything quiet and get their contact numbers. When the time was right, they would look at them and if they were worthy, they would sign them.

Mark read a report from research on the lawyers Lori wanted to hire. Of the initial ten, Mark approved eight of them. She was pleased with that. They went through many other details while Lori got her protein fix. Mark loved the contrast of his alabaster cock sliding into her gorgeous ebony face. 

He told her to get Brenda signed to a friends contract. He said he would give her the details before she left. The contract was to begin immediately and it was to be a lifetime contract. She looked at him stunned.

"Are you sure you want to do that Mark? Who is our client on this one? Is Gary on board with this?"

Brenda is the woman who taught us how to make love. She is a Tony award-winning dancer, choreographer and the hottest piece of tail you've ever seen. Yes, Gary is onboard. I just want to verify the figures with him first."

He told her to get together with Brenda and discuss the best way to find dancers. Brenda would be invaluable in that regard. He also told her that she would be in for a real treat as well. He didn't elaborate but Lori got his drift. She smiled as he unloaded into her willing throat.

At the conclusion of the meeting, she had increased her department from herself to nine lawyers, nine secretaries and she was building her promotion department too. She was happy.

Gary walked into his wing and found his girls busy packing. He told them about his plan to give up his office and to work out of the house. He also told them that he wanted Jill to work out of the house as well. It would be much more convenient if she worked here instead. 

"I'll tell you what would be a hell of a lot more convenient," Wendy said. "Why not finish the third floor and have her live here. She is family; I'd love having her here."

Debbie and Rose agreed instantly.

"I'll talk to her about that. Thanks my loves," he kissed each of them. "Oh shit, did you meet her at the office today?

Debbie laughed hysterically, "Yes dear, this is exactly why she should be here all the time. She knew you'd forget to tell us. We took Ronnie with us too. We are going to blow everyone away. The new designs are phenomenal. I'm going to feel like a princess. I've never had such beautiful clothing in my life."

"Good, I'm glad that is done. I completely forgot. I got thinking about Brenda and then baking and well, I never said I was the sharpest knife in the drawer sometimes."

"It's okay," Rose snickered. "We still love you."

Gary walked into his office and got Jill online. "Sweetheart, I have a question for you. Did you just buy new furniture for your place?"

"Yes I did hon, why?" she asked. 

"Well, the girls and I talked about this and we all agree that you should live here. I want to have the third floor in my wing done for you. When is your lease up?"

"I have the new lease sitting on my desk. I haven't signed it because I was considering moving. The neighborhood is sliding and I was going to look once we got back from Europe. Are you sure, you want me to move in? I would love it but I don't want to intrude either."

"It's a done deal darling. Don't be surprised if they start calling you sis. They love you as much as I do. I'm going to grab Red and Nancy and head over to your place. Are you coming to dinner? We baked," he grinned into the camera.

"I wouldn't miss it. You have your key; let yourself in. I'll meet you at the house. Is there anything else baby?"

"Actually, there is. Get in touch with Roy and tell him I am in the market for another jet. I'd love a Gulfstream 650 but I don't want to buy new. They have only been out a short time but with so many companies failing, I know he can find me one at a good price. Whatever you do, don't tell Mark. He'll freak on me."

"No shit Sherlock, if you do this, he'll kill you. I'll call him right away. I'll see you in a while."

Gary rounded Red and Nancy up and they headed to Jill's apartment. As they expected, her apartment was elegant. Her new furniture was feminine, soft and sexy. They took photos and determined color schemes. They looked in her closet and Red whistled.

"Damn, she has more clothes than anyone I have ever seen."

"Yeah, her closet is kinda small," Gary, said. "Design her new closet at least twice as big. Spare no expense. She is family. Put fireplaces, in the living room, bedroom and bathroom for her. She loves to relax in a whirlpool bath and gaze at the fire. Make it spectacular. Her office should be like mine but only prettier. Once you're done, call Dave and he will arrange the movers to move everything over here and take care of her lease arrangements. I'd like her moved in by the time we get back."

"Well, I don't know. It is a big job. We just had a new job presented to us this morning. It is going to take some time as well," Nancy said.

"That is great. I hope it is a big job too," Gary said.

"Oh it is, but the nice part is we can walk to it," Red snickered. "Brenda has contracted us to completely redo her place. On top of having the best sex in years, she saw what we had done and wanted us to completely redecorate her place. The nice thing is she knows we are going to be busy so we can do it at our pace."

"That works for me. Don't keep her waiting too long."

They returned to the house and Red and Nancy went up to the third floor. They had the plans and the measurements. They did a quick sketch and had a basic idea of what to do. They showed it to Jill and she was thrilled. The view from the third floor was spectacular and she was extremely happy with everything. 

Linda and Holly had dinner ready and it was delicious. Everyone was waiting for desert. They had set up everything buffet style and people tried everything. They raved about the deserts. Gary and Mark smiled and sat back. Everyone loved the cheesecakes. Gary had made several turtle cheesecakes that they voted the best desert overall. They loved Mark's chocolate cake but his carrot cake was amazing too. Every single item was a winner. No one, other than Holly could claim victory. They voted every item to be included in the bakery.

As they relaxed with a drink after dinner, Gary told everyone that they needed to apply and obtain their passports while they were in Europe. He didn't tell them why, he just said that they were going to need them.

Lori told Gary that everyone was already in Rome. The photographers and their staff had been there for the last four days. The other models were arriving today. Gary looked at the list of the models on this shoot and was happy. He had worked with them all before and they were talented and gorgeous. They were also horny as hell. 

"Too bad you're not going to be there," Gary said to Mark as he handed him the list. Mark looked at the list and then over to Lori.

"Every one of them is on my list. Each girl has her own horror story about Trainer. They love me and hate him. None of them is a client yet Mark. You should go. Hell, according to what I've learned, you've dated all of them so it wouldn't matter. I'm going to have to put a stop to you guys fucking the available models or I'll never make any money," Lori laughed.

"Hey, I can fuck them anytime I want. I'm not bound by the Banner friends rule," Gary giggled.

"This is true, Let me think about it. You leave in the morning. I am going to Fort Worth to help Ainsley and I'll be at the hospital too. I'll see how things work out," Mark said.

"I've got an idea Mark," Shannon said. "Once I get everything set for the daily shoot, all I do is sit back and watch. Bring Ainsley over and she and I can work on the new designs. It will put us six weeks ahead of schedule. You can stay in contact with the hospital. If there is any change, you'll know immediately. Besides that makes it thirteen women and Gary. He's fucking amazing but he is only one man. He needs you there. Fuck that, we need you there darling."

"I don't know if Ainsley has a passport," Mark admitted.

Jill picked up the phone and called her. She learned that she did have a passport and that she had never been to Europe. Jill told her to pack and that Mark was coming to Fort Worth tomorrow. She filled her in on his intentions and then hung up.

"Call her when you are about an hour out and she'll pick you up. You're staying with her while you're there. She is so excited about being included in the trip," Jill told him.

"I'm going to hate getting my electric Bill," Gary said to no one in particular. 

Red looked at Jill and Nancy and grinned. "Chances are you won't get a bill at all. I'm betting all you get is a check."

"What are you talking about? This house is huge and we are burning electricity like crazy."

"Oops, guess we forgot to tell you. Come on, it is better if we show you," Jill said as she picked up a tablet and headed to the golf carts. They drove down a new path and into the back corner of the lot next to Brenda's property. 

"Holy shit," Gary exclaimed as he looked at what appeared to be an acre of solar panels. "This shit isn't cheap, who authorized this?"

"I did," Jill said. "I had a study done on the usage and determined that this will pay for itself in just under seven years. Here, look at this." 

She showed him the tablet. He didn't understand what she was showing him for a few minutes. She explained it to him and showed him that he was actually selling power back to Florida Power and Light everyday. On the breakdown, day by day, there were only two days where they used more than they made. 

He looked at the numbers and smiled. "Thank God someone around here is fiscally responsible. Good job sis, good job."

"Dammit, I want to check my condo doc's. I get more sunlight in Las Vegas than you do here. My bill is atrocious," Mark complained.

They headed back and Gary jumped in the pool. Red followed and they swam around looking at the areas that were going to be changed. 

"This is really going to finish everything off perfectly. When it is done, you can do your photo shoots right here," Red laughed. 

"Not a bad idea," Gary agreed, "Anything to help me pay for all this. I need a drink."

Debbie had prepared a list of the major bars in the country. She handed the list to Lori. While Gary made drinks for everyone, Debbie explained that for a bar promotion to be successful, it had to be sexy, offer good value to the patrons and appeal to men and women.

"I've done these things for years. I know how the bar owners think. When we walked in to a bar, the girls we had were spectacular, hot and oozed horniness. We'll have our dancers, which will bring the sexy. The value will be the catalogs and we should have discount coupons in them. Discounts for products and free cover charge admission to our clubs will give great value but one thing is missing."

"What's that dear?" Gary asked.

"Well, there is one thing that would put this over the top. We should put on a fashion show at each bar. I know that this will add a lot of cost but the benefit would definitely be worth it. I'm thinking five men and five women should be enough. The dancers would be wearing some of the line but their outfits won't be our standard fare. The models would be wearing items they can go home and order that night."

"If we did that, we'd also need an announcer. I agree that this would be a great idea," Lori said. "We could use this to recruit new, fresh faces to the modeling side of the business. I may be wrong but if this works, we are going to need a lot of traveling groups. There are thousands of bars. I can't see any one group covering all of them."

"Okay, so wait a minute, are you saying we are going to need more than one set of professional dancers? This is going to escalate costs quickly," Gary, mused.

"The first two clubs are in the top two destination cities in the world. In order to be successful, we have to promote them all over the country. National TV, radio and print coverage will be necessary in addition to the internet. Nonetheless, the best advertising is word of mouth. 

I've had discussions with some of the country stars and they are interested in using our dancers in their videos. I'm sure the other genres will do the same. These people trust us. We could wind up with regional dancers and models plus the professional dancers. That is in addition to the club dancers."

"We can't afford models in each club. That would be way too much," Gary said.

Wendy smiled and told him they had that covered. "Look at this house. We have big screen TV's everywhere. We videotape a fashion show with our top models, and we play it in the main lobby and in the store. Everyone coming and going will see it. The only time we do a fashion show in our clubs is when we introduce a new catalog. Keeps the product alive and costs down."

"That sounds like a plan to me. When you get over to Europe, we can work out all the details Mark. It looks like your new division is going to grow quickly," Gary smiled.

Mark picked up a tablet and tapped the screen. Michelle's pretty face appeared. Mark filled her in on what was happening. She was very concerned about Cherry's condition and he told her what he knew. He said he was going to be in Dallas and then he was heading to Rome for the fashion shoot. 

He told Michelle to get research on Nashville, Dallas, Austin, Houston, Oklahoma City, Memphis, Kansas City, St. Louis, Miami, New York, Chicago, and San Francisco available properties. She had all the details of what they required. He wanted options available when they got back.

"Things are progressing here faster than we anticipated. Everything is falling into place nicely. This is going to be huge. We need to start obtaining properties as soon as possible. Have research look into the Arbitron stats for the top markets for all genres of music. I want to see what areas have strong ratings in both country and dance. We can filter out those cities that are weak on only one genre. Miami, San Francisco and Nashville will be strong in only one genre. We know that," Mark said as he said goodbye.

Mark smiled as he turned to Holly and Gary, "My people will find us the absolute best properties. It is going to get busy if we are going to open two cities per month. I'm excited."

"I'm going to have a stroke," Lori whined. "I've got to call Dani. I forgot to tell her to hire the talent scouts. At this rate, we are going to need more jets. I'm going to stay in Europe until Mark gets there. I have too much to do to stay the entire time. Six months is not a long time with this project."

Gary looked up and saw trouble coming. Rose started to laugh.

"Hey muthafucker, is it true that you're going to be gone for six weeks?" Tammy demanded. He looked beyond her to see Linda, Bobbi, Tia and JoJo standing with their hands on their hips glaring at him.

"Uh, yes we are heading to Rome tomorrow. We'll be there for two weeks and then we go to Paris for two weeks and we end up in Geneva, Switzerland for the last leg of the trip. Then we'll be home. Why?" Gary stated.

"I know we are only the help but were you going to give us a going away fuck before you left?" Tia purred.

Wendy and Debbie started laughing so hard they could hardly breathe. Mark was hysterical and Tammy was deadly serious.

"Go ahead you son of a bitch, laugh. Laugh your fucking ass off and I'll bite your dick the first chance I get," Bobbi, giggled as she glared at Mark.

Wendy got up and walked over to them. She hugged and kissed each one and told them they were not going to be left out of anything. Since everyone was packed, there was no reason not to party.

"Damned straight we're going to party," JoJo said. "We're gonna miss your sweet pussies as well so you're in on it too girlfriends. My Aussie lips love your Yankee pussies too."

"It's not like we were going to leave you with no cock to fuck around here," Gary smirked.

"Darling," Linda purred. "They are nice, they are young and strong and they are great to fuck but they aren't you two. Someday perhaps but they don't even come close to you two right now. That is just the facts."

Everyone laughed at that one. Jill had been listening but was on the phone at the same time.

"Thank you Roy, I'll tell them. I'll call you first thing in the morning before we leave." She motioned Gary over to her and told him that Roy had found two incredible deals. They were in Greece. Two G650's with less than a thousand hours on each. They were bought by the Greek Foreign Ministry. They have every option available and the government is broke. She told him the price and he just looked at her shocked.

"Are you serious? That is a third of what they are worth. I have to tell Mark. I know he wants one bad. This deal he can't afford to pass up. Hell, we are going to be in Rome. It would be nothing to fly to Greece to see the planes. Let's go talk to him."

Mark was still bantering with the girls when Gary came back to the bar. He excused himself for a few minutes and pulled Mark away.

"What's up bro?"

"I know you've been following the European financial mess as closely as I have. Jill talked to Roy today and told him to look and see if there were any G650's available at a good price. Well, he just called. The Greek Foreign Ministry took delivery of two fully loaded G650's and they are broke. They are screaming for cash and we can have them for a third of their regular price. They each have less than 1000 hours on them. They are brand new."

"You have got to be kidding. Two of those are over $100 million."
