 [Author's note: From this point in the story, the characters will begin to interact with characters from the series; "Cherry Takes on the NFL" To avoid any confusion on my reader's part, a familiarity with both series would be helpful. Thank you for taking the time to read and for all your wonderful encouragement.]

Things were perfect; Gary was still processing everything that had happened in his life. Holly came for a visit and she left leaving him the greatest gift a woman could give a man. This multi-orgasmic woman was such a wonderful slut. She could not be quiet, no matter what happened. For once, Gary was pleased with the results of her screaming orgasms. Rose, Wendy and Debbie had not just touched his life. They had parachuted into his heart in a wonderful way. 

Wendy came to him on Wednesday and told him she was leaving Jason, her useless drunk of a husband. Gary called Dave and got the ball rolling. Wendy told him he could have everything. She just wanted him out of her life. She moved her personal belongings into Debbie's apartment and then turned everything over to the lawyers. 

Mark's Hawaiian vacation was ending and Gary was anxious to meet his new model. When he saw Cherry on the Red Carpet with Mark, he knew that she would be perfect for the new slut-wear line that was under development right now. She was spectacular in every way. Mark told him that they would be back in Vegas on Monday and that Lori would get him the photos he needed immediately. 

Gary decided he had to switch cars. Something larger was definitely required. He loved his Corvette but it wasn't practical with four in the family. He drove over to D'Orgasmic and opened the garage. He drove in and looked at the available vehicles. Florida laws made collecting cars profitable from an estate tax viewpoint.

There were ten cars in the garage. His Candy Apple Red '40 Ford with the supercharged 427 Chevy was his pride and joy. Mark had his deuce coupe but he had the car he had fallen in love with when he was just a kid. It was secure under the tarp. He hadn't driven it in a while but he knew that was going to change. 

The same could be said for his Lamborghini. He seldom drove this one either but he sure did like having it. He loved it when Dani was in town. For some reason, just the thought of that car got her pussy wet as could be. He had to give it to Mark; he sure could pick them. Dani was Mark's private secretary, part-time lover and one great fuck. 

He looked at his Maybach and decided that it was too expensive and ostentatious to park it at the apartment. 

His motor home was unique and he used that when he wanted to get out of town. This one was several cuts above his old Pace Arrow. He laughed when he thought of all the good times he had with Connie in that rig. He smiled fondly and hoped that she was happy. She sure made him happy for a very long time.

The limo was definitely out of the question. Robert and Maggie loved it but he never used it. His '59 Cadillac was a classic that had been painstakingly restored. The back seat was as large as a sofa. 

The silver Mercedes 650 coupe, the BMW and the Audi were nice but not suitable for what he wanted right now. 

He had always shared a fondness for cars with Mark. Banner was jealous of the fact that he had more cars than he did but his own vehicles weren't shabby by any stretch of the imagination. Gary made a mental note to buy a new pickup truck. He was sure that would push Mark over the edge. 

He saw his new silver Mercedes and decided that was what he wanted for now. He parked the Corvette and pulled the Mercedes Sedan out of the building. He liked this car a lot but he seldom drove it. He looked at the odometer and laughed, it only had 3,500 miles on it. Now, that he was a family man he needed it.

He didn't go into the office. He needed to get to the liquor store and then the market before the girls got home.

He knew at some point, he would have to tell them the truth. He hadn't said anything to them yet. He was a pragmatist. He wanted to know in his heart that their feelings were genuine and not because of his wealth. He knew in his heart that their feelings were real. They had no idea about his other life. He had taken great pains to live frugally. He dressed like a writer, he drove a nice car but other than that, he was just another single man. Little did they know? 

He knew how he felt about them. These three women were exactly what he had always wanted. They were not the high fashion models he usually dated. They were women who had real world experience. They were gorgeous, sexy and loving. They didn't just fuck like minks; they fucked like super minks on steroids. Damn, those women were insatiable.

Gary received a text from Mark that they would be back in Vegas on Sunday. Apparently, the vacation was going great. 

Gary pulled into the apartment just as Rose was parking her car. She saw him get out of the Mercedes and walked over to him. She kissed him and looked at the car. 

"Baby, where is the Corvette? This is gorgeous; it is the top of the line Mercedes, isn't it? Where did you get this lovely...oh look at those leather seats. That leather is almost as soft as my pussy baby."

Gary laughed at that. "If I had a car with pussy skin seats, do you think I'd ever get out of it?"

"Hell no you wouldn't. There would be tongue marks all over the damned car though. So tell me, what happened to the Corvette. I love that car."

"I have several cars but the Vette wasn't practical now that I have three of the most delicious women in my life. I bought the Mercedes a while ago. I just don't drive it much. I'm glad this meets your approval."

"Gary Edwards, why do I feel there is much more to learn about you?"

"Don't you already know enough?"

"Do you mean do I know that you are the most loving, caring guy a woman could ever hope to find? Do you also mean are you the best fucking lover on the planet? Forget the fact that you can prepare food like a gourmet chef and you bake too?"

"Yeah, that is what I mean."

"Get your sweet cheeks inside. I have a short memory. I need food, I need sex and I need you right fucking now."

"Hold on girlfriend. Today we all get to him at the same time." Wendy yelled as she and Debbie had just arrived as well. "I told you Debbie, she's greedy. We have to watch her."

"She's not greedy; she's horny, just like we are. That is a nice car Gary where did that come from?" Debbie asked.

"I had it in storage. I can't take all four of you in the Vette so I swapped this out. Glad you like it. Now, grab those grocery bags and let me in the kitchen. From the looks of the three of you, I'm going to need my strength. Food...I need food"

"Cock, you're damned right you need food because we need cock and lots of it!" they said in unison.

Gary barely made into the apartment when they were all over him, kissing, nibbling and biting him playfully.

"I need a bigger kitchen. Hell, I need a bigger bed. I need a bigger place to live," he laughed.

"Just put a bed in the kitchen and we'll all be happy," Rose giggled.

Rose and Gary went to work and before long, steaks were grilling, shrimp were scampied and the table was set. 

Debbie went out to check her mail and when she came back, she was laughing her head off. "I told you that son of a bitch was fucking around on me. I am so glad he is history. Here, don't take this wrong, look what just came in the mail for him."

She threw a box at Gary. He looked inside and started laughing. The box contained five 200-count bottles of 200mg Viagra pills. 

"There has to be a thousand dollars worth of the stuff in here. Don't throw that out. The way you three are, I may need these soon."

"With that cock, it will be many years before you need that. When that happens, we'll just buy more darling," Wendy whispered in his ear.

They ate a delicious meal and Gary learned that the women had already discussed what the plan was for the weekend. There were attachments that had to be explored. It was going to get messy in Gary's world but that was just wonderful.

"I have to try that G-Spot attachment," Rose said. We have the entire weekend. We have everything we need; we don't have to leave the apartment. We don't have to get dressed. We can just fuck our brains out all weekend."

"I've been fantasizing about the G-Spot thingy with the finger attachment. Oooh fuck, just thinking about that gets me so damned horny. My pussy is so wet already." Wendy smiled a wicked smile.

"Good you two play with the Sybian, I have cock to suck and fuck and suck some more. I promise I'll leave some for you." Debbie laughed as she leaned over and kissed him deeply.

"Rose, how many candles are left in the toy box?"

"There are at least a dozen left darling. I promise I won't go overboard. They just make us so horny it isn't even fair. No one should be this horny all the time."

"Is this one of those things we heard from our parents, 'eat your carrots, don't you know there are children starving in India'?" Gary laughed.

"Fucking right, don't waste an orgasm, there is a broken down crack whore wishing she was getting what is on our plate this weekend. So cum hard just to make her feel better," Debbie, laughed loudly.

Gary lit a cigarette and walked into his office. He checked his messages and his email. There was an email from Maggie telling him that they were heading into Somalia to deliver food. She told him they would be back in the States in a week and she wanted to get together with him. They had been in Thailand a few weeks ago and had sent him several photographs of them and Jeremy. He fired off a reply that he missed them and looked forward to seeing them soon.

By the time he was finished, the blender was in full Rum Runner mode and he walked out to find three gorgeous women in high heels and smiles beckoning him into the bedroom. Wendy walked up to him, wrapped her lovely arms around his neck, and stroked his chest with her gorgeous tits. Rose was undoing his belt and Debbie as kissing his neck as her own luscious orbs fell wonderfully on his back. 

The women were already feeling the effect of the three candles Rose had lit. It was good to see that she was becoming more fiscally responsible. Gary laughed loudly at that thought.

Rose pulled his trousers off and set them aside. Her hand was circling his shaft as she knelt before him. She held him in her tiny hands and looked up to see Wendy's sweet tits crushed against his chest. She was kissing him deeply. Debbie's arms came around him from behind; she was stroking his chest together with Wendy's perfect tits. Debbie was nibbling on his ear and driving him wild. 

Rose took his now stiff cock and began to lick him completely. From the day she finally had this man, she never wanted to let him go. She loved him more with each passing day. He brought her contentment. Yes, he brought her to places she never knew existed sexually but it was much more than that. This was spiritual. 

He encouraged her to feel like a complete woman. He allowed her sexuality to come to the forefront of her life. She had always known she was an extremely hot woman. Very few men saw past her looks to see her for the woman she was. Gary did that. He showed her that her innermost desires need not be hidden. He encouraged her to be exactly who she wanted to be. Her desire was to be the most loved and best-fucked woman on earth. So far, things were going along just great!

Her lovely lips caressed his balls and she began to lick his shaft. Yes, he wanted her to become the complete slut she had always known had lived inside her for many years. She never had a safe way to become that wanton, cock hungry woman who had been crying out for so many years. She took his cock into her mouth and her pussy gushed as she felt him filling her hot, wet mouth. 

Debbie came around behind her to lie between her legs. She began to lick Rose's wet, sweet puffy pussy. Rose loved that her pussy was in such good hands, lips and tongues. She never would have believed that she would ever get into a relationship with a man who would not only love her but would invite others to love her as well. Debbie had a definite knack for licking her and she was improving every day. 

Wendy reached down, took Gary's cock from her mouth, and pushed him onto the bed. She reached down, helped Rose up and tasted Gary on her lips. She walked to the head of the bed and dropped her lovely, waxed pussy onto his talented lips. 

Rose and Debbie repositioned themselves and they both began to suck his cock deliciously. Rose took him in while Debbie licked his balls. Rose offered him to Debbie and her lips stretched wide as he filled her mouth fully. They took turns sucking him and licking him deliciously. They played with his ass and sucked him more. They took turns with his cock and then they decided to suck him simultaneously. 

Their lips touched as they circled his cock. Their faces traveled the length and breadth as their eyes were locked on each other. Rose held Debbie's nipples between her fingers and Debbie did the same. Their lips were delivering so much love to him and to each other. 

Wendy was watching them, as they loved his hard cock. She shivered as her pussy was being licked expertly. There was one thing she was certain of; if there was a gold medal to be won for licking pussy, he deserved it over every man on earth. His tongue was simply divine. 

There was never a doubt that this man loved her. He took his time to insure that every part of her anatomy was thrilled beyond her wildest imagination. No man had ever made love to her the way he did. 

His tongue began its magic on her clit; she was breathless with the thrills he brought to her. His touch was soft and sweet. How could a man who did not possess a clit know how to make one feel this good? Her pelvis started to shimmer and shake as she felt the first of many wonderful, mind-blowing orgasms take her to those sweet places only he could do. 

Her breasts rose and her breath shallowed and she concentrated on only one thing – the fabulous tongue that was taking her to paradise. Her pussy flowed with the sweetest honey imaginable and Gary licked it all up. Her lovely pussy was smothering his face and he loved it. He kept licking her sweetly and she kept cumming, each one harder than the last. He was relentless and she now knew that he would not stop no matter what. 

His tongue should eventually be enshrined – he was that good. Her toes curled and her pussy pulsed. Her nipples felt like granite as she was tugging on them. With each pull, she came deeper than before. 

Wendy watched as the girls sucked him, licked him and loved him with everything they were worth. His tongue was washing her tight, tiny asshole. When it entered her ass, she shrieked. This man was the sexiest man she had ever known. She put her hands on her lovely ass-cheeks and she pulled them apart allowing him to dig his tongue deeper into her precious ass. Fuck that tongue was fantastic! 

Debbie pulled Rose from his cock and she dropped her pussy onto him quickly. She needed his cock in her right now. She began to ride him viciously. The only thing consuming her thoughts all day was how she was going to go home and fuck him senseless. 

That is what she wanted and that is what she was going to do. Her pussy stretched and she felt every single ridge, vein and bump on his cock totally fill and please her. This man had staying power unlike any man she had ever known. How could he not cum having two horny sluts sucking his cock while Wendy rode his face. Debbie didn't know and she didn't care either. All she wanted was to feel him inside her. She was insane with the lust that flowed from him. She wanted him in her pussy, in her ass and definitely, between her lips. 

Unlike the other women, she had fantasized about being with him for two years. He was always so kind to her and she had considered him a friend. She had wanted him as her lover. Now that she had him, she was much more than a fleeting romance. She was a part of his life and could not believe how her life had changed. She had never been this happy in her life. 

She had learned that she was bisexual too. That fact made her pussy flow constantly as well. She had the best of all worlds' right here, right now. She had a man, a gorgeous man to love her, to hold her. She knew he loved her. It is much more than just sex with him. The sex is delicious and he and fucks her brains out constantly. When he looks into her eyes, she can see the love inside him and his kiss is earth moving.

Add to that, two of the sexiest women on earth to hold her, love her and fuck her brains out as well. What more could a woman ever want or need? 

His hard shaft was pleasing Debbie so very well. Rose began to lick her nipples and her delicate finger rode along her clit as she ground her hot pussy onto him. Nerve endings she never knew existed were firing all at once. She gripped him with all her strength and as she came and rode him tightly. God, he felt so good inside her. Debbie was cumming hard and so rapidly that she could hardly sit on him without help from Rose. Her body was on fire but her heart was singing as the man she loved was pleasing her yet again. She didn't mind sharing him, there was so much of him to go around. 

Rose pulled Debbie off him, crawled onto his prick, and slammed her exotic hybrid pussy onto him immediately. She loved his cock inside her. He was so kind and so special in everything he did. When he made love to them, he made love to them. When he fucked them, it was heaven on earth. She began cumming as soon as she felt herself surrounding him. Her body craved him, her mind had to possess him and her heart sang with the love she felt for him. Right now, she wanted her pussy to weep with lust. She needed to saturate his cock with the flood of love that had been building since she woke up that morning. 

Her body was rocking and he felt her spectacular muscle tone as her pussy began that sensational vibration she had perfected. He didn't know how she accomplished it but it simply felt as if his cock was inside the softest, sweetest vibrator imaginable. If he could only package that, he'd make another billion dollars. 

He knew his time had come and as Wendy was soaking his face repeatedly, he felt his body tremble. 

Rose tightened her grip; the vibration increased substantially. Rose had a pussy no man could deny. His legs trembled and his arms shook as he felt himself give way. His cock grew inside her. The sensations exploded and he began to drive a rushing current of hot, sweet, ropey cum into her thirsty pussy. Rose came with him and her body flew furiously milking every drop of his love from deep within his balls. Her heart sang as he drove his cock deep into her. Her cervix was bouncing like a rubber ball on the end of his dick. She was trancelike as he stabbed into her lovingly. 

She fell forward and her lips grazed Wendy's clit as she pushed her off his face. She wanted only one thing right now. She wanted to kiss this man for the next few years without coming up for breath. 

She wrapped her arms around him as he softened inside her. They kissed deeply and lovingly. His cock slipped from her pussy and Debbie climbed between Rose's slim thighs. She was never one to let a lovely load of his sweet cream go to waste. She dove in and began to suck his precious pearls of love from Rose's hot twat. While Rose hovered over Debbie's sweet face, Wendy lifted Debbie's legs and went to town on her swollen lips greedily.

Gary lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply as he felt Rose's tits rise and fall at the delicious effect Debbie was having on her. Debbie was starting to cum from Wendy's hot tongue and before long, three women were cumming like banshee's while he enjoyed his smoke.
