 I met Natascha at a club in Brazil. As a woman with a Russian father and an Afro-Brazilian mother, she had a very exotic and intoxicating look. Her curly blonde, shoulder length hair topped off a slightly tanned and perfectly proportioned body. The mutual attraction was obvious and after a few drinks and a great conversation we decided to go to a motel. (A Brazilian motel is not as seedy as its American counterpart. The rooms are more akin to a penthouse suite at the Bellagio.)

On the way to the hotel, I started to get a little worried as it seemed as though Natascha might have been having second thoughts. It may have been a little concern on her part about going somewhere alone with a very large, albeit devastatingly handsome, black man. We got to the motel and once we were alone, her shyness dissipated. We made our way to a shower which had clearly been designed for a party; there were two shower heads and a long glass wall that looked out at the rest of the suite. The two of us bathed and caressed each other before she turned her back to me and I slid inside of her from behind. Starting slowly and sensually, our passion increased as did the force of our love making. I hate to admit it, but I orgasmed before Natascha in the shower, but she wasn't worried as the night was still young.

The next stop was the Jacuzzi. The two of us lay next to each other in the tub, rubbing the other's genitals until our foreplay reignited our passions. Natascha straddled me and slid down onto my throbbing rod. The two of us began to thrust into each other with more and more force, speed and passion. I felt Natascha's warm pussy contract and release around my cock as she breathily said, "Estou gozando!" (I'm cumming.) I began to slow down my thrusting, causing Natascha to tell me, "Vai" (Go.) So I continued to drive all of my 8 inches inside of her. The combination of having already cum and being in a Jacuzzi gave me surprising staying power. Natascha had two orgasms before we both finally climaxed at the same time and collapsed in a sweaty, exhausted heap.

I reached over and turned off the jets of the Jacuzzi while I was still inside of her. We lay there for a few minutes kissing each other before, with some soreness for both of us; Natascha slid off of me, grabbed a towel and headed towards the bathroom. I dried off and crawled into the bed. Natascha slid in next to me and the two of us cuddled before drifting off to sleep.

The following weekend Natascha and I couldn't wait to get alone. The taxi driver was forced to roll down the windows as we steamily kissed and groped in the backseat. As soon as we walked through the door of the motel room, I picked her up and set her down on a table. We pulled each other's pants off as we kissed, and as if time was a factor, I hurriedly pulled her to the edge of the table and impatiently thrust my pussy starved member inside of her. Unlike the previous week, Natascha didn't need any warming up. She leaned back and used the wall for leverage as we exorcised a week worth of separation. Natascha locked her ankles behind me and lifted her hips off of the table as she came.

Like the previous week, we made our way to the Jacuzzi and spent the majority of the night in the tub. Again, we kept at it until we were both sore. Natascha wrapped herself in a towel and made her way to the restroom. As she emerged from the bathroom she found me in bed watching TV. The motel offered four channels, CNN and three porn stations. I had settled on a movie featuring two lovely young ladies pleasuring each other. Natascha asked if I liked two women. My reply was, of course, what man doesn't. This led to a discussion about our respective sexual experience, and my discovery that we both enjoyed being with women.

A few days later Natascha called me and told me she wanted me to meet her friend, Paula. I already had plans to hang out with my friend Sean, but he certainly didn't mind changing plans and joining me that night. We arrived at the club and the four of us immediately grabbed a table in the corner. Paula was Argentinean and spoke perfect English. She was a short woman with a great toned body and a very butchy buzz cut. As soon as I met her, she set off my gaydar, until after the four of us got comfortable and I overheard some of the things she was saying to Sean. 

While Natascha and I were getting reacquainted in the corner, Paula was putting the full court press on Sean. As she started to describe what she wanted to do to Sean that night with detail that would make a sailor blush, I felt myself getting more and more aroused. I could tell that Paula's forward nature was making Sean uncomfortable. Eventually, Paula asked if Sean and I wanted to go to a motel with her and Natascha. Sean immediately started backpedaling, and the three of us began to exert peer pressure on him to join us. He admitted that he expected to regret the decision, but that he would pass on the offer. Paula looked like a rejected woman until I reassured her that if Sean didn't want to spend the night with her, Natascha and I would love to have her join us. Paula immediately slid her chair next to mine, put her hand on the inside of my right thigh, leaned in and kissed me. As we kissed, I felt Natascha's hand on my other thigh. I pulled away from Paula, fearing that I may have crossed a line, but as I turned to face Natascha, she leaned in and kissed me as well. 

Later in the night, Sean and I discussed the proposition in the bathroom. Sean told me that if Paula looked like Natascha, it would be a no-brainer. I looked at him in disbelief and assured him, "Friends share. If you join us tonight, you'll be with Paula and Natascha." He still wasn't convinced so I told him, "Don't do anything that makes you uncomfortable. If you were to join us, and didn't really want to be there, it would make everyone uncomfortable."

"Well all I can say is: 'Have fun.'" He told me, and I assumed the discussion was closed. The four of us piled into a taxi and went to drop Sean off at our hotel. As we pulled up to the curb in front of our hotel, Sean turned and looked at us from the shotgun seat and said, "You know what? What the hell, I'm going with you guys." Paula shrieked and clapped as the taxi driver pulled away from our hotel and headed towards a motel on the outskirts of the city.

When the four of us made our way into the motel room, Natascha excused herself to change into something more comfortable. There was an uncomfortable silence between the three of us before Paula finally started the party. With Paula sitting on the bed and Sean standing at the foot of it, she leaned back, unzipped his jeans, pulled out his growing tool, and began to suck it. After watching for a couple of minutes, I made my way to the bed, got down to my knees, and began licking the inside of Paula's thigh's slowly moving towards her shaved vagina. Just as Paula's hips began to rise in expectation of my tongue, I felt a hand begin to rub the newly formed bulge in my jeans. But instead of freeing my from my jeans, Natascha grabbed my shoulder and pulled me away from Paula's thighs. Paula repositioned on the bed, giving a comfortably naked Natascha room to bury her face in Paula's pussy while putting her ass in the air for me. I undressed and began to fuck Natascha doggie-style.

The most arousing aspect of being at the beginning of a daisy chain is seeing and hearing the domino effect that each thrust has on the rest of the chain. I would thrust into Natascha and hear her grunt, followed by a whimper by Paula and finally a moan by Sean. He was the first person to climax, shooting his entire load down Paula's throat. Seeing her swallow with so much fervor quickly sent me over the edge. As my orgasm subsided, Natascha licked her way up Paula and the two of them kissed, creating a cocktail of Sean and Paula's bodily fluids. Sean and I both made our way onto the bed, pressing our bodies against the backs of the two ladies. As I kissed Natascha's neck, I felt her move to one side and soon Paula replaced her. She licked my nipples, bit my neck and kissed me as she pushed me onto my back. Without realizing, or caring, that I wasn't in control anymore, Paula slid down onto my regenerated shaft and began to ride me. I could hear grunts coming from a few feet away, and looked to see Natascha's legs in the air as Sean pumped away at her. I pulled my head back, closed my eyes, and reached up to fondle a pair of perky 32B breasts while Paula treated me like a rodeo bronco.

I heard Natascha's moans grow louder and more rapid and knew that she was approaching her happy place. Not too much later, Paula joined her, followed by Sean and finally myself. As the four of us lay there, exhausted, Sean declared, "This was the greatest night of my life." 

But I had to warn him, "Buddy, we aren't even close to being done." The four of us crawled under the sheets, but none of us got any sleep, as we spent the next hour groping and fondling each other. Eventually the four of us made our way to the shower. But this suite was different than the previous suite Natascha and I had visited. Instead of a large "party" shower, this one was enclosed with a bench and a lever that shut off the shower and turned the room into a steam room. The shower wasn't built for four, but in the steamy room we all preferred the cozy quarters. Natascha was easily able to slide onto my shaft, her back facing me. I grabbed at her breasts and kissed and bit her back. Sean and Paula were next to us in the same position. The girls grabbed each others arms for leverage and balance, but I really wanted to kiss Natascha.

I pulled out, got on the floor, and Natascha lay on top of me, chest to chest. With us on the floor, Paula and Sean were forced to reposition as well. Paula lay down on top of Natascha, back to back. Both she and Sean used the wall and the bench for balance as the four of us created a "tower of sex." There was so much pressure on Natascha and I that we couldn't really thrust into one another, but we also didn't need to. The pressure from Sean and Paula was creating enough force that we could just enjoy the moment. The other advantage was that as the two of them began to quicken their pace and reach climax, we did as well. The resulting effect was a cacophony of sound and a four person simultaneous orgasm.

That was the last time I saw Natascha. She told me the following morning that she was returning home to visit her parents and wouldn't return until after I was scheduled to leave. I bumped into Paula before I left and we exchanged phone numbers, but getting together with her without Natascha wouldn't feel right. I still wish I could have seen Natascha, with or without Paula, at least one more time. But I can't think of a better way for us to say our goodbyes than to introduce each other to our friends.