 My name is Matt. I turned 18 a couple months ago. I've been living in this small town since I was born, about to graduate high school, and had friends I've known for years. My parents were very successful and were able to provide a lot for me and my sister, who is a year older than me. We lived in a nice house, had a nice in ground pool behind it, and me and my sister both had our own cars. You would think with all of this I would be happy, but I wasn't. Why not, you may ask? I'll tell you. I can't get laid.

I've tried hitting on the cuties in school, tried meeting girls at the clubs and hangouts, even tried the match making websites, but nothing. I've never even kissed a girl. I thought about asking Stacy, my sister, for advice, but no way I'm going to talk to her about my sexual frustration. I was good friends with one of the sideline guys from the school football team, a guy who had no trouble whatsoever with getting pussy. I think he's banged the entire cheerleading squad. So leaving school one day, I asked him, "What is the secret to getting women? Is it charisma, charm, self-confidence? What does it take to get women to notice you? What was it?"

"You have to show them your cock," he said. We walked out the entrance of the school towards the parking lot.

"What?" I said in disbelief. 

"Trust me, women love the cock. It may seem like we're the horny ones, but women want it just as much, if not more. It's just sometimes they need to see a cock to remind them. Believe me, if a girl sees your cock, she's going to be all over you." He unlocked his car and threw his books inside. He got behind the wheel and shut the door. He rolled down the window. He started the engine. "Just remember, they all want the cock. Just let them see it, and they are all yours. Oh and one more thing," he said as he started rolling away. "They really like it when you shave, if you know what I mean." He zoomed away down the street.

I stared dumbfoundedly. That was it. Just show them your cock. I didn't know what to make of it. It works for him apparently. I turned around towards my car and saw the Parker sisters leaving the school. If there were any girls I wanted more than any other, it was these two. Twins, both just turned 18, blonde, skinny, and hot as hell. They were wearing short skirts that seemed to serve no purpose other than to tease me. What really worked out for me here is that they were good friends with my sister. In fact, I remembered they were supposed to hang out this weekend. This may be my chance, I thought. I got in my car and drove home.

When I got to the house, I found my parent's car was gone. I ran inside and found a note on the table saying they were on a weekend vacation out of town. They did these about once a month or so. They finally had the money so they treat themselves as much as they could, especially since they knew their kids could take care of themselves. Nice, I thought. Them Stacy walked in and saw me reading the note.

"Yeah, Mom and Dad are gone for a few days, so I'm inviting Ashley and Amy over tomorrow. What do you have going on?" she asked.

"I don't know yet," I replied. She walked off and I silently celebrated. This was the chance I thought. I remembered what my friend said earlier. "Shave." I went to the bathroom and undressed. I had a nice patch of hair on my groin. I knew my sister had some hair removal cream, so I grabbed some of it and smeared it over my balls. I made sure to cover the whole area, even going around my asshole and up my backside. I stretched out my shaft and covered the entire area. I waited about ten minutes like the bottle said I used a rag to wipe it away. The hair came off easily and painlessly, thank goodness. Once it was all wiped away, I examined it in the mirror. Not bad, I thought. I had forgotten how unattractive hair makes things. It didn't look right with my groin completely hairless but my legs completely covered. So I creamed my legs and removed all the hair. Then the little bit on my chest. Then my arms and armpits. Standing in the mirror after all the cream was removed, I observed that there was not a hair on my body except on top of my head. I had no idea what I was going to do tomorrow, but this was my best chance to get the Parker sisters. I showered and tried to sleep that night without much ease.

I woke up about 10 AM. I suddenly remembered my plan. Not really much of a plan, just what I needed to figure out. I put on some shorts and a T shirt and walked to the living room. Stacy came out of her room suddenly and bumped into me.

"Sorry," she said. "I have to go get some of my books from the library. We are going to study tonight so I need to get everything we need. I'll be back in a few hours. The Parkers are outside."

She ran outside and drove away before I could reply. I wondered where the sisters where exactly then I saw them in the pool outside. They were splashing and playing with each other. I had never seen them in swimsuits before, but the sight was spectacular. They both wore string bikinis that showed a lot of their sexy skin. This is it, I thought, but what was I going to do? I can't just whip it out. I brainstormed for a moment but I remembered I didn't have much time until Stacy came back. I looked back again and saw their wet, female flesh. I went with the first thing that came to my mind. I went back to my room and undressed. I grabbed a towel from the closet and wrapped it around my waist. I took a deep breath and walked outside to the swimming pool. 

The girls immediately saw me. Ashley turned to face me. "Hey Matt, what's up?" she said.

"Oh I was about to take a shower and there were no more towels to dry my hair with. I saw you girls out here, so I'm just seeing if you have any extras." I said politely.

Amy spoke up. "Yeah, we grabbed a stack when we came out here. They are by the chair. Go ahead and get one," she said while smiling at me.

"Thanks," I said and walked to the towels. Now was it I thought. With my hand holding the towel around my waist together, I turned so they couldn't see it. I bent down to grab the towel, then I loosened the knot on my waist. There was nothing holding it together. "Here we go," I whispered under my breath. I stood up and the towel fell off my waist.

"Thanks, I'm going in now," I said, then looked down and faked surprise. I waited a couple of seconds then grabbed the towel and wrapped it around my waist. I looked back up while holding my breath.

The girls were both staring at me with their jaws dropped.

"Sorry," I said. "The towel came loose, I'm going to shower now." I started walking towards the door thinking it didn't work, but then Ashley spoke up.

"Hey Matt, why don't you take a swim with us?" she said. Both were smiling ear to ear now.

"I can, I just have to go get my shorts-"

"Oh don't worry about that," Amy interrupted, "Just come on in. We don't mind."

I wasted no time and dropped the towel. They were both staring intensively at my penis. I swear I saw Amy lick her lips. I jumped in and started treading. Ashley splashed me and started swimming away.

"Bet you can't catch me," she teased.

"Oh we'll see," I replied and started swimming after her. I caught up to her in no time. I know she can swim faster than anyone else so I know she wanted me to catch her. I wrapped my arms around her from behind pulled her back.

"Ahh! He got me!" she screamed and laughed at the same time. She pulled back into me and I swear she was grinding her side into my groin. I let her go and went after Amy who was also teasing me.

"Ugh! He got me too!" she said while barely moving from me. I grabbed her and swung her around. Her hand brushed against my dick which I was certain was intentional. I let her go and moved back to the wall. All this touching and feeling was getting me hot. I was out of breath too. I pulled myself out and sat on the side to catch my wind. I looked down and saw I had a huge boner pointing to the sky. Amy and Ashley were both at my legs staring at it with wide eyes. 

"Wow!" Amy exclaimed.

"Sorry," I said, turning a little red. "It happens sometimes."

"It's so big!" Amy said.

"Did we do that to you?" asked Ashley.

I shrugged a little. "Yeah, I guess," I told them. 

"Do you want us to take care of it for you?" Ashley asked.

I smiled ear to ear this time. It actually worked. "Sure!" I exclaimed.

They got out of the pool and led my to the lounge chair. I laid down on my back and propped myself up on my elbows. I was grinning with anticipation. I was finally about to get a blowjob! Both girls sat on either side of me and ran their hands up my legs. Amy wrapped her fingers around my erection and I jumped a little. She lowered her head and took the tip in her mouth. I raised my hips off the chair at the sensation. 

"Oh God!" I said as I clenched the sides of the chair. Amy moved up and down my shaft and let the head hit the back of her throat each time she went down. The intensity was overwhelming. I threw my head back and moaned out loud. Then Ashley joined her sister and ran her tongue up and down the shaft while Amy still had my dick lodged in her jaws. The pleasure was incredible. Ashley fondled my balls with her fingertips then ran her tongue over my sac. 

"That feels so good. Damn girls!" I said. Ashley brought her head up.

"I want some cock, come on I want some cock!" she pleaded to her sister.

Amy let go and Ashley took the reins. She focused on the tip mostly, tightening her lips around it sucking it tight. Amy went down to my nuts and got both of them in her mouth. She rolled them both around with her tongue. I put my hands behind my head and laid back. This was it. And it was everything it was made out to be. I didn't know I could possibly feel this much pleasure. Every inch of my body was on fire and it felt so good! The girls were starting to get messy too. They both slopped all their spit on my cock and were moving faster too. Amy had the tip in her mouth now and she was sucking me like a vacuum. Ashley was now tugging on my ball sac, letting each one roll off her tongue sending volts of pleasure through my body. Ashley took the head into her mouth again and took the whole thing in. Her nose was buried in the skin above my dick. She kept in there and held it. She breathed through her nose and let the head moved down the back of her throat. I felt the presence of an orgasm coming, and I tried to warn them, but I couldn't even speak at this moment. My hips started bucking but Ashley didn't let up. I shot my load deep into her throat. I screamed at the top of my lungs. I never felt an orgasm like this one! I shot nearly a gallon down her throat and she held on until I was done cumming. I laid back and moaned out loud. She let up and opened her mouth to let me see all the creamy cum she had in her mouth. Amy pulled her sister's face to her's and they kissed passionately. Ashley swapped my cum to her sister's mouth. Some ran down the sides of their faces, but most of it went in their mouths. They finished kissing and swallowed my semen. They licked the cum off each other's body until they cleaned it all up. 

"God, I love sucking cock!" Amy screamed with pride.

"Tastes so good!" Ashely said.

Amy sat on my lap and pulled my head up to hers. "So how good are you at the rest?" she asked.

"We'll see," I said as I reached behind her and untied her top. "Come on, take this off, I want to touch your tits."

She lifted the top off her head and tossed it to the side. I grabbed her boobies and started squeezing them. My pecker immediately jumped to attention. The flesh was so soft. The girls were skinny, but they were blessed with nice C cup sized tits. I put a nipple in my mouth and sucked on it as hard as I could. Amy stood up with her tit still in my mouth and untied her bottoms. She tossed them to the side. She pulled my head away.

"Come on, I want you to touch my pussy!" she told me and I was happy to oblige. I reached down and fondled her pink, wet lips. I ran my fingers through the lips. Ashley took her bikini off and straddled me.

"You two keep playing, but I want that cock now!" she demanded and started mounting my cock. Amy moved to the side. I grabbed her hips as she lowered her sweet hairless pussy onto my dick. The head slid between her lips and slowly moved in. The feeling of my cock being enclosed in her teen twat was out of this world. Inch by inch I went in until I was balls deep. Ashley started moving up and down sending unbelievable pleasure through me. My cock slid in and out of her sweet pussy with ease due to her being so wet. Her tits were bouncing around in every direction. I reached up and grabbed them and squeezed the wonderful fruit. I leaned up and kissed the wonderful tit flesh. She kept moving up and down, moaning louder and louder as the pace increased.

"Oh God, I love that fucking cock! Give me more of that damn cock!" she screamed. I held onto her tits and sucked on the tiny nipples. I knew tits were excellent, but nothing could prepare me for the actual experience. Amy started feeling left out and laid me back down with Ashley still bouncing on my cock. She straddled my face and squatted over my mouth. Her pussy was so wet it was dripping. A few drops landed on my cheeks. She started lowering herself until her snatch was an inch from my mouth.

"Open your mouth babe," she told me. I opened wide and she sat on my face. Her pussy lips met my lips and seemed to almost french kiss me. I obliged and stuck my tongue in her pussy as far as I could. I wriggled it between the tight lips and twirled it around deep inside her. Amy was panting now and and was already dripping wet. All the while Ashley was still bouncing mercilessly on my dick. Ashley went all the way up until just the very tip was still inside her, then she slammed down hard until all seven inches were in her pussy. As she was working my cock, I was feeding on Amy's delicious pussy. My tongue was exploring every millimeter of her vagina. I ran it all around her sweet sugar walls. 

"OH GOD I'M CUMMING!" Amy screamed. This girl tasted so good! Even better, she was cumming now, her pussy squirting its wonderful juices in my mouth. It tasted just as good, better than sugar or honey. The faceful of pussy and Ashley's brutal assault on my cock were pushing me over the edge and I was close to cumming. Amy rolled off my face and moved to the side, trying to recover from the licking I gave her pussy. Ashley leaned forward and put her tits to my face. I sucked on the sweet nipple and held the tit in place as she bounced long and hard on my dick. The feeling of her tight, wet pussy sliding up and down my dick was incredible. I felt my orgasm cumming and let out a little scream as I let loose.

"GHAAAA!" I screamed as my splooge shot into her little tummy. At least a dozen shots went into her womb before I subsided. I put both of my hands on her tits and massaged the firm flesh and shot an extra three shots into her belly. When I was finally empty, Ashley climbed off and sat to the side. I was spent, and could barely move. My dick started to soften, but they were not done yet. Amy beckoned me from the chair next to me.

"You didn't think we were done, did you?" she asked as she got on her hands and knees while on the flat chair. Ashley was still panting from the pounding her pussy just received.

"Of course not," I said and stood up. I'll go as long as they want to, I thought. I stood right in front of her. Her head was right at my penis. 

"Open your mouth," I said. She happily obliged and I inserted my penis. She immediately went balls deep and my cock stiffened instantly. The feeling of my dick in a girl's mouth was still enough to send me sky high. Feeling her tonsils and tongue sliding back and forth on my shaft, her lips puckering over my tip, and her throat encasing the head and massaging the sensitive underside got me close to cumming again. I leaned forward and ran my hands down her sexy backside. I continued touching her soft skin as she performed her womanly duties on my penis. I reached down and ran my hands over the tight teenage ass that I was about to tap. She went balls deep again and this time while all the way down she stuck her tongue out and tickled my nutsac. My knees buckled a little and I shot another huge load and filled her mouth with my sticky goo. Amy held on until I finished making my deposit and released my cock. She showed my her mouthful of sperm. Ashley came over and locked lips with her sister. Yet again they swapped my swimmers between their talented mouths. Once they both got their share, they both swallowed and opened their mouths to show me it was all gone.

"It's my pussy's turn. Give me that cock NOW!" Amy demanded. She got on her hands and knees again and turned her ass to me. She poked it out and bared her tight teenage twat to me. I walked up and ran my hands over the firm ass cheeks. I fingered the lips of her cunt a little before I lined my cock head up to her pussy. I slowly pushed in and it felt like a new experience. I guess every pussy feels different. Amy's seemed to hug my cock more, and it seemed wetter too. I grabbed onto her sexy ass and started driving in as fast as I could. I held onto her tight as our fucking made a wet smacking sound. 

"YES FUCK MY TIGHT LITTLE PUSSY!! FUCK THAT PUSSY LIKE YOU'LL NEVER FUCK A PUSSY AGAIN!!!" she screamed. I reached under and cupped her beautiful tits. I pinched her nipples. Amy clenched her teeth and her pussy clamped down hard on my dick. She screamed so loud the birds flew out of the trees. I heard neighborhood dogs barking down the street. Her pussy grip on my dick had me close to the edge. Then Ashley reached between my legs and squeezed my swollen balls. That did it. I let loose the biggest load of the day into Amy's sweet, suculent pussy. Stream after stream of potent sperm splashed into her sugar pussy as the orgasm ripped through me like a knife. This orgasm lasted longer than all the rest and left me feeling weak and drained, but immensely wonderful too. When I was done cumming and Amy's pussy released my dick, I collapsed into the lounge chair next to her. I was spent. Both of the girls were laughing and giggling.

I couldn't believe it! That was the secret! Just show them your cock. I wanted to see how far I could go with this. Maybe it was just with these two, but I have to know. 

"Well girls, it was fun, but I'm sure Stacy will be back any minute now so I'll get out of your way. Have a great day though!" I told them and got up and walked to the door.

"Maybe we can come over tomorrow Matt," Ashley said, smiling. "Think you'll be here?"

"Most definitely!" I assured.