 There she was, Sandra Williams, 34 and a mother of three, all under 10 years old, getting ready to celebrate her 10th wedding anniversary with Peter. Running around all morning cleaning and packing like a mad woman. She was looking forward to this vacation, this second honeymoon. One whole week without the children. Just her and her man. Once she dropped the kids off at her parents she knew the vacation could start.

It was a tearful goodbye when they pulled out of the driveway and headed for the airport. She looked at Peter while he drove and even he had watery eyes. She could count on one hand how many times she saw him cry. She knew the guilt of leaving them would fade away as soon as the plane got off the ground.

As soon as the plane reached it's highest altitude and leveled off they both looked at each other with a sigh of relief. Their hands instinctively slid into one another and she rested her long blonde head on his muscular shoulder. He reached around holding her close and she just sat their silently staring at his strong fingers entangled with hers. She thought back briefly about the last ten years, how lucky she was to meet Peter. How lucky she was to make him settle down and raise a family. How lucky she was to have a wonderful husband who was a good father, provider and friend and especially an incredible lover.

She had only been with a few men before she met him. And none of them came even close to making her feel the way he did. She just starred into his hands and reminisced about the way they first made love, and how wild and kinky they became as the years went on. When the lights went out in their bedroom how he became such a tiger and she was the perfect slut. Letting him do anything to her, well almost anything. She remembers he recently told her in the middle of a passionate night that he would love to see her suck another mans cock. She just smiled and drove him wild as he was making love to her and took his longest finger and started sucking it. He never brought it up again and she never told him that it would not be the first time she had slept with two men.

Back in her senior year in college she had been dating one man but had fantasies about sleeping with two at the same time. She was always turned on by one of the black football players that was in one of her classes. They were good friends and he always asked her out but always told him she had a boyfriend. Well they were all graduating soon and she knew she would never see him again so temptation finally got a hold of her. The night before graduating she ran into him at a frat party and ended up in his room. With his roommate. And she was the perfect slut. Dropping to her knees in front of them, pleasing them and for the first time, letting two huge black cocks make love to her at the same time. She was in heaven as they seduced her in every way. She could have stayed all night but as men are sometimes, as soon as they get their rocks off they were gone.

She wondered what made her drift off into those thoughts of yesteryear while sitting next to her husband. She was now feeling horny and she let her hand slip from his and on to his thigh. Caressing him softly giving him that naughty look as her fingers crept closer and closer. She took his breath away as the tip of her finger nails gently ran across the head of his bulging manhood. She wanted to feel every inch of him in her hands. He took his sweater and placed it on his lap covering her hand so no one would notice. She looked around and noticed the seats across the row were empty. She now wanted to be so naughty. Giving him that sluttie look as she caressed all 8 inches of him through his jeans. 

After 10 years together she knew just how to handle him. And within 5 minutes she made him cum right in his pants. She just loved the look on his face as she felt his cock throb in her fingers. Their lips met and she gave him the most sensual kiss just before dipping her finger inside his belt to just get a taste of his nectar. He watched as she licked her fingers and just couldn't believe how lucky he was to have such a wonderful lover as a wife. He rested his head back and started thinking how he was going to seduce her once they got into the hotel.

Their room from the 5th floor had a spectacular view of the Intra coastal Waterway. They both dropped their bags and headed for their private balcony and they embraced and kissed as the fresh salty air surrounded them while they ran their tongues up and down each others. Their hands caressing all the right places till soon they were back in the room, on the bed making passionate love in every possible position they could. They collapsed and fell to sleep entangled with the soft satin sheets with her head resting on his muscular chest, her soft hands holding his manhood gently, just the way he liked.

Peter was the first to wake and he slipped off into the shower quietly. He was surprised to see the bed empty when he returned. He turned to see Sandra on the balcony in only her robe. He just stood there watching her, and he instantly got aroused as the sun light shinned through her robe, revealing her sexy curves. She had her hands on the railing watching a boat getting ready to leave to go Para sailing. She noticed how well the two men that ran the operation. Both black and very muscular. Watching them made her feel warm inside. They reminded her of those college football stars back home. Wow, did she feel young for a moment. 

Peter wrapped his towel around his waist and came up behind her placing his hands on her hips and his manhood against her ass. She kept her hands on the railing and pushed up against him, turned her head and just smiled. He slid her robe up over her back and dropped his towel. He had no problem sliding inside since she was so wet from watching the men on that boat. Neither of them spoke a word and in broad daylight on the balcony, they began again. Peter expertly teasing her slowly, just sliding the tip of his huge cock insider her in and out. Sandra holding the railing bending over thinking of those men and how Peter would love to see her sucking one of them, or both. She wanted them more and more as Peter slipped his huge cock deeper and deeper, harder and harder making her body shake as she pressed back against him meeting him there. She loved the way one hand would pull back on her hips and the other resting on her back holing her hair, almost pulling her head back. Oh if he could know what she was thinking...sucking those black cocks in front of her husband while he fucked her...the both went wild fucking each other. If some one on a balcony above or below was outside they could surely hear her moan "oh fuck me baby...just fuck meeeeeeee...ohhhhh god baby you feel sooooo huge", that was all Peter needed to hear and he pulled out and came all over Sandra ass and back...just the way she liked it.

While at dinner that night they talked mostly about the kids and how they already missed them even though it had been barely twenty for hours since they left them. Sandra naughty mind wanted to change the subject and bring up that time when he wanted to watch her suck another man, but she just couldn't. She was afraid he would think less of him. She thought it out and she came up with a plan. And out of the blue she asked him if he wanted to go para sailing. Peter was shocked and asked her what ever made you think of that. She told them she saw they boat out in the channel and thought it would be a nice anniversary present for him. He agreed not knowing what she really meant by that at all. They finished dinner and took a walk by the marina to make a reservation for the next morning to Para sail. They met the Owners and Sandra could not believe how wet she got while Peter talked to them. They were more gorgeous up close than she thought and they were two brothers Larry and James. Both about six feet tall and extremely polite.

Her mind drifted off on just what she was going to do. Certainly not going up on the parachute. That was for Peter. 

Back at the hotel that night she could hardly think of anything else. She drove Peter wild when they got back to their room. Pushing him on the bed, immediately taking him in her mouth for so long, not letting him cum, just sucking him for so long while on her knees as he sat on the bed. Peter thought for that moment, a man could never ask for a better anniversary present than this. All the while she was thinking how he was going to going for the ride of his life the next morning.

She got up early to pick out the most slutty outfit she had in her luggage. When she appeared from the bathroom before him his mouth dropped open, she had on her tight white tank top and cut off blue jean shorts covering her bikini she bought just before she left for vacation. Peter thought about how every guy that saw her would just envy him. He met her at the foot of the bed in front of the mirror to give her a morning kiss. He could tell she was just as horny as him by the way she kissed him, sucking his long hard tongue in her warm mouth like it was his manhood while his hands slid down her back and caressed her perfect ass. Their lips separated and they looked deep in each others eyes. Sandra took a deep breath and told him they should get going so we don't loose their reservation. After he showered and shaved they were out the door and stopped at a cafe for coffee and a small breakfast.

She wrapped her arm around his as the walked towards the marina. All she had in her mind was how she was going to drive Peter crazy. This was the moment she was waiting for ever since that night Peter told her he wanted her to suck another man. She can't remember ever being this horny.

As they walked down the docks toward the boat she could see James and Larry making preparations for the trip. Sandra could also feel the eyes of other men around the marina watching her walk. It made her feel so sexy, so damn horny. They were right on time and the men helped Peter and Sandra aboard. Larry took the helm and James removed the ropes that held the vessel to the docks. James asked who would be first and he looked at Sandra in a taunting way. She laughed out loud and pushed Peter toward the harness that held him to the parachute. James assured him he would be fine and to step up on the platform. Peter was a little nervous but did not want to reveal that in front of them. Larry steered them down the channel and into the open water. James secured Peter into the harness and told him when ever he was ready to just give him a wave. Sandra stepped up on the platform to give him a kiss, then whispered in his ear, "baby, you are going to love this ride". Peter just smiled not knowing what was in store and Sandra stepped away smiling too. 

She stood by James and watched Peter give a wave, and Larry gave it a little throttle while James triggered the sail and cable. Sandra leaned into James placing her hand on his muscular back and told him to let him out very slowly, their eyes met as her hand slid down his back and gently caressed his ass. She gave him the sexiest wink leaving James speechless.

Peter was also speechless as the wind gently lifted him off the boat at he caught the look of Sandra, peeking out the corner of her eye looking up to him as she slid her other hand across James tanned hard body. Peter almost could not believe what he was seeing, but after a few seconds he knew she had this all planned. After all, it was long awaited dream of his. 

Sandra looked back at Larry driving the boat, she looked at his face, then the bulge in his shorts, she gave him her best slutty wink as her hands caressed James face, then pulled him closer to taste that long pink tongue of his. Her body melted as their tongues entangled, her nipples hardened and one hand instinctively slid down to feel his manhood bulging through his shorts. She whispered in his ear to stop Peter from going any higher, she wanted him to enjoy the closest view possible. 

She turned and just smiled at her husband and slid her hand inside the pair of throbbing shorts. James head bowed to watch her face drop lower kissing his hard nipple, then lower down his hard stomach, and just like the perfect slut deep inside the mother of three she has been hiding all these years, she dropped to her knees in front of this gorgeous stranger, pulling down his shorts exposing the most perfect huge black cock she had ever seen, she turned her head up so her eyes could meet Peters and his mouth dropped open as she gave him her famous slutty look while grabbing the long thick black shaft and gently kissed and licked the head. 

She could see Peter mouth the words "oh my god, baby", she teased him even more running her tongue and lips up and down his gorgeous cock till she made his pre cum appear. She slowly brought her tongue to meet it, spreading it all over her lips then looking up into James eyes, lowered his cock to full view of Peter and Larry, she slowly slid him deep into her wanton wet mouth, she took him deeper and deeper feeling his head meet the back of her throat as one hand lowered to gently hold his balls and tease his ass at the same time. The moans coming from James mouth turned her on more and more. 

Sandra loved to please with her mouth. She had no problem taking the length of James cock between her lips, in her warm mouth and deep into her tight throat. She had perfected relaxing her gag reflex and breathed through her nose as she pumped his gorgeous manhood deeper and deeper. She got turned on even more when she glanced at both Peter and Larry, they were both touching themselves. She let James take total control as he rested his strong hands on each side of her head and began thrusting faster and faster. She loved being taken control of and she placed both her hands around James ass. She could feel him getting ready, moaning deeper and deeper when he could not hold back any more and told her he was cumming. She slid both her hands up his stomach, up to his nipples, looked deep into his eyes as he thrust one last time holding her head still, and shot his warm load of cum down her throat. 

Peter just starred in disbelief but was completely turned on. James legs where shaking and he could barely stand as Sandra finished sucking him off. She let his cock slip out of her mouth as he tried to catch his breath. She stayed on her knees for a moment licking her lips looking at Larry at the helm. She told her self she was not done teasing Peter. She wanted more.

Like the good little slut, she crawled like a cat over to Larry. She could tell he enjoyed the show by the bulge in his shorts. When she got to his feet she ran her hands up and down his muscular legs, then higher to his shorts and gently ran her fingers across his cock through his shorts as she looked back over her shoulder to see James at the controls bringing Peter back down. She rubbed her face into his crotch letting his cock throb against her face. Then slid her hands around to caress his muscular ass, placed her fingertips inside his waistband and slowly slid his shorts and down to his ankles letting his throbbing manhood spring up and down in front of her face. She teased him with her tongue while her hands cupped his ass. Then looked back to see Peter almost on board, and she asked James to leave him there, his feet just inches from touching the deck of the boat. 

Peter watched in amazement as his wife took another huge black cock in her mouth. He was going absolutely wild. He couldn't wait to embrace her and kiss her and tell her how sexy she was and how much it turned him on to watch her suck another man's cock. Peter watched James walk over and take the wheel from Larry while Sandra pleased Larry with her warm slutty mouth. Larry brushed back Sandra's hair from her face, holding it behind her head. Peter now had a perfect view, closer than before, and now when she made eye contact with him in drove him even more crazy. 

She was performing better than any slut on the films they watched together at home. She was playing him just right, running her lips and tongue up and down the length of Larry's shaft then taking all of him in her mouth, over and over. Larry's breathing became swift and she knew he was ready, he held her face gently in his strong but gently hands as she slid her lips back to the head of his cock and tuned to look Peter deep in his eyes, she grabbed Larry's shaft with both hands, opened her mouth so Peter could see Larry shoot his hot load of cum into her mouth, Peter moaned out load letting her know he enjoyed her show, she held Larry's cock to her lips as she let most of his cum drip out of her mouth, down her chin and onto her gorgeous tanned breasts. 

She knew Peter loved that when the sluts in those movies did the same thing. He know was on the edge, right where she wanted him. Where he would want her more than ever before. She gave one more long lick and suck to Larry's shaft then got up and very slowly started walking towards Peter, wiping the cum off her face and rubbing in all over her tits. She stepped on the back of the boat, grabbed the harness that Peter was strapped in and pulled herself to him, face to face, and the only words Peter could say where "oh baby, that was so hot". 

She told him she needed him to get down from there so he could fuck his slutty wife. Sandra could not believe those words coming from her own mouth but she was caught up in all the lust and passion of the day, she couldn't help it. This is, who she really was. It was like the past ten years of being a good mother and wife was all an act. Peter's heart was pounding as he looked deep into Sandra's eyes and there was a connection, deeper than they ever had before. The both knew that they could live out any fantasy that they had kept locked up inside their wildest imagination. Finally his feet touched down, Peter slipped out of his harness and he took his new wife into his arms and they shared the most passionate kiss. They knew life would never be the same. It would be, perpetual bliss.