  Part 1 – Discovering each other

An imaginative sex life in their early married life soon is not enough and Paul and Kate find there are many other things they can do to keep their married life exciting.

***************

Kate and I thought we were pretty raunchy. We had been at it in all situations and positions since we had met. When I was still at college, all our friends used to joke about us. We were called "the rabbits," as we were always either 'at it' or about to do 'it.'

We met at university and were the typical 18/19 year old couple, studying and drinking. We partied hard and we eventually started to have sex. It was quite difficult as both of us shared flats with larger groups so we would often be interrupted in the middle of a good shagging by one of her, or my, flatmates coming in to ask something, completely oblivious to my dick sunk into her cunt.

I was always on heat but one memory stays in my mind. This memory was like a small seed which stayed there and only started to grow years later and as the beginning of the period in our lives I will be describing here.

The situation was the reverse of the one above. I walked into a room while one of my flatmates, Gerry, was "entertaining." We had been partying all evening and Kate wasn't there that night (exams were due). I needed something from the room and walked in to find Gerry's girlfriend of the week giving him a blow job. I was mesmerised. I had never seen another erect cock in real life, let alone that of someone I knew. The main thing was its size. Gerry easily had over 9 inches and Lucy was slurping on it, completely oblivious to my presence. As I froze and watched, she clambered up and sunk her open thighs down on to Gerry's big cock. My own cock went brick hard in an instant. They still were not aware of my presence, the alcohol dulling their senses, so I was able to stand slightly back, just inside the doorway and watch them have sex. She rode his dick as he lay on his back facing in my direction yet oblivious to me. Gerry started to groan and Lucy pulled his cock out allowing me to see the fountain of cum the jetted out of his cock and up on to her belly. My cock was so hard, I had to slip out quickly and head for my own room where I had a frenzied wank over the images I had just seen.

That image was the food of my masturbation for some time and I convinced myself that it was Lucy's cunt being fucked that caused me to cum. My brain knew differently. It was the thought of Gerry's large cock that gave me excitement. I never quite looked at him the same way again.

I was able to watch him again in action with Lucy when Kate and I shared a room with them on a weekend away to Brighton. We came in late and Kate fell asleep. I feigned sleep and waited, hardly able to breath, watching through half open eyes and hoping they would do it again. They did and, on this occasion I was able, in the half light from the street lamps outside, to watch his entire sex act from beginning to end. I gently and slowly stroked my cock under the covers, fearful that I might waken Kate next to me. I was able to time my orgasm to his and it almost felt like I was with them.

Time moved on and I left university seeking fame and fortune as a civil engineer. Kate and I became an item and bought a flat of our own. Kate started in marketing and our joint salaries were enough to give us a few luxuries. Gerry moved to Germany and we kept in touch briefly but not for long. I never saw Lucy after that and neither did he.

By now me at 25 and Kate at 24, we still were having a great sex life and had expanded our fun to include some role play (I made a great fireman) and our favourite which was outdoor sex. We would take the car out to the country, park in a lay-by and take a walk into the woods in the dark sometimes stripping completely naked while we fucked against a tree. One of our favourite venues was to walk to a large park nearby which had open playing fields and was surrounded on two sides by well lit roads. If you stood in the middle, you could not be seen in the open dark space but the street lights in the distance silhouetted anyone walking towards you giving plenty time to dress if needed. We, in the meantime had the excitement of being naked in an open urban environment.

This moved up a notch to us both dressing in coats and going out with nothing underneath. I would put on some tracksuit bottoms and shoes then just button the coat up to the neck, while she would be similarly dressed with her naked breasts underneath. While we walked to the park through the late night streets, hand in hand, we would slide our tracksuit bottoms down so that they still showed from coat bottom to shoes, but we were naked apart from that. When things were quiet, she would put her hand through the button front of my coat and grip my erect cock. The excitement of passing other people while being in this state aroused us no end and the ensuing fuck would be amazing.

Looking back now, I realise that it was going to have to escalate. We always needed more!

The escalation started quite by accident. Kate in my eyes was an attractive woman. She wasn't stunning, she wasn't a show stopper but she was a brunette with short hair, slim body, 5 feet 4 inches tall and nicely equipped in the breast department (38" for the curious). I found her sexually attractive and I use the word "sexually" carefully as some women can be good looking but not sexy. Kate was sexy as she looked like someone who would do whatever it took to have fun! We had located a likely new venue which was a quiet lay-by on a main road near town where we could park back from the road and wander into bushes to the rear to have our outside sex. One Friday night we drove down. There were a couple of cars in the large lay-by but since no one was in either we thought nothing of it. Hand in hand we wandered into the bushes and walked a safe distance into the darkness. Within 10 minutes I had Kate naked and was fucking her hard against a tree trunk. I was close to cumming and she was being quite noisy when I noticed a guy watching. He stood a little back in the darkness but the moonlight gave an eerie glow to him. He watched intently and his cock was in his hand. The guy was in his 40's and not unattractive.

I was about to stop the fuck but he held his finger to his lips as if to ask me to keep it all quiet and I decided to keep going. A slight movement made me look the other way and another guy, around 30 years old was also watching and wanking. Kate, facing the tree, saw nothing. My cock suddenly found a new life and I started fucking Kate with a new zeal. I felt something between me and Kate and the younger of the two guys was next to me, holding my cock as it entered Kate, his fingers slipping into her as he did so. I assume Kate, at this moment, thought it was me but the feel of a stranger's hand, albeit another man took me to the edge and I emptied my balls into Kate as she screamed her orgasm in unison with mine. As my cock slid out, the young guy next to me slipped his fingers back into Kate and then lifted them to his lips and licked my spent cum off them, almost theatrically, to show me he enjoyed it. He then slipped away into the dark and I watched in stunned amazement as he went.

"What?" said Kate.

"What do you mean, what?" I said.

"What are you looking at in the dark?" she said.

"Let's go back to the car and I'll tell you," I replied.

As we drove home I explained exactly what had happened.

"Why didn't you tell me some perv had his fingers in my cunt?" she said, half in jest.

"Because I didn't want it to stop," I said a little sheepishly.

"I think we need to talk," she replied with a slightly hopeful note in her voice.

Talk we did. The main problem is that our exciting sex life had been just that – ours. Involving others changed the rules and we were both frightened we might go off each other, or find someone else in the process. We were open and honest though I hadn't told her that I got something out of the guy handling me that I never thought I would. That was something I would have to broach carefully.

"You know I'm highly sexed," she continued, "and I love the theatre of the sex we have. It's so much more exciting than just lying on the bed, missionary style. We use toys but I have sometimes wondered what it would be like to actually be fucked twice, or even more, one after the other by more than you. I have to admit, when I'm alone I often bring myself off thinking about a row of big cocks and knowing they are all going to fuck me. You would like looking at big cocks fucking me, wouldn't you?"

I felt that perhaps the time was right. "To be honest Kate, I love looking at big cocks anyway, but ones that you were going to have would be ten times better."

I waited and she looked. "You wouldn't want another woman to join us then?"

"I know it sounds silly but the answer is that I wouldn't, I would actually be slightly jealous," I said.

"So would I," she replied. "Jeez, so my boyfriend likes cock too!"

"Not like that," I said defending myself.

She smiled and I felt she wasn't fully convinced, but then neither was I. That warm hand on my cock had done something and a guy getting off while licking my cum had done something else to me.

We talked about different scenarios during our odd "missionary sex" nights and I came with the sort of force I hadn't since being a teenager. I suppose the honesty of what I was saying relaxed me. How to progress was the next phase and we were both frightened of meeting someone on the net in case we chickened out. For the same reason neither of us were ready for swingers clubs or anything of that ilk, mainly because we wanted an extra guy rather than a couple.

That was why, around three weeks later, we found ourselves just after midnight, hand in hand, strolling through the bushes at the same lay-by. Initially we seemed to be alone. Kate was wearing a coat over just a pair of panties. I was wearing track suit bottoms and t-shirt with a short jacket over the top, condoms and lube in my pocket just in case. It was cool and we were scantily dressed but it wasn't the temperature that had us shivering, it was apprehension and some fear.

In the half moonlight I noticed, as we entered a clearing, some single shapes around. I realised we had walked in a semi-circle and were probably almost on our way back to the lay-by, so these shapes must have come from drivers in the cars we had seen parked who, knowing the area better than us had "headed us off at the pass," and just waited for us to inevitably head their way. A cigarette glowed in one corner and I could make out three single guys, all standing watching what we would do.

I lead Kate to a slightly sheltered area and leaned her against a tree, my back to the audience, and started to kiss her. She was shivering. I slid her coat off her shoulders leaving her in just her panties and shoes. I kissed her nipples and then knelt in front of her to slip her panties down and off so she stood naked. At last my cock was rising. I pulled off my t-shirt and she slid my track suit bottoms down gripping my cock, and then dropped to her knees to suck it softly. As I looked, the guys came closer, carefully at first.

I could make them out in the moonlight. The first was my thirty year old, who was obviously a regular. He was a good looking guy in jeans and leather jacket, clean shaven and well built. His flies were undone and his cock stuck out and was held carefully in his hand. It looked to be about 7 inches, the same as mine. Alongside him was an Indian looking guy, who would have been around 40. He was of slight build and was also clean shaven and gripping a slightly smaller cock in his hand. The trio was completed by a stocky, shaven headed guy with a stubble, wearing t-shirt, jeans and a dark jacket. He also had his hand in front slightly covering my view of his cock.

They were all close, very close. Kate looked up and smiled. Shaven head walked forward and offered his cock to her. It was around 6 inches long but extremely thick and Kate just looked at me, smiled, and wrapped her lips around it. I stood slightly back and the Indian guy stepped forward and let Kate alternate between him and shaven head. They each loosened trousers and let them fall so that she could hold their balls. I stood and wanked while I watched.

Cold hands took over the grip on my cock and I found myself with the 30-something alongside slowly wanking me as I watched. He took my hand and made me take his cock in my hand. It felt wonderful to feel a hard man's cock. He smiled at me and dropped to his knees to take my cock in his mouth. I looked at Kate as she looked back then did a double take as she realised what was happening. I gave her a "what can I do" look and she smiled as though to tell me to relax and enjoy.

As she returned to her ministrations, the Asian guy squirted a copious volume of cum straight at her face and mouth and she gave a little squeal as it hit her. Shaven head followed suit and left her with a generous coating of cum dripping off her face. I realised I would have to go and help her as her two sidekicks graciously dressed quickly and left.

"Fuck her for me," said my cocksucker. "Let me see you fuck her."

I was happy to oblige and went over to Kate with him following behind. He leaned over and started to kiss Kate, licking the cum off her face as he did so. She responded, sharing the cum with him. I stood behind her and gently teased my cock into her cunt with her bending slightly forward to continue the kissing. As I picked up the pace and started to really fuck her, she stood more upright to give me easier access and my bisexual friend the knelt down and went between her legs. Kate opened slightly to give access and he started to use his tongue to lick her clitoris and my pounding cock and the same time. His other hand cupped my balls and a finger strayed to lightly finger my arse hole. His tongue fucking brought Kate to one of her quickest orgasms and the noise she made sounded like a fox on heat! I came almost simultaneously and the grunt from below suggested my friend had brought himself off to coincide with us.

He, like his sidekicks quickly made himself decent and was gone before I could wipe the residue cum of the end of my cock. It was a pity as I had a few fantasy ideas for him back at our place some other time.

On the way home, Kate and I were high as kites. We giggled like a couple of teenagers and she was happier than I had seen her for ages.

"That was so-oo naughty," she said. "I loved being in control of all that testosterone," she continued.

"I think you were actually coated in that testosterone," I joked.

We continued like this all the way home and Kate was rewarded with a second performance from me. Not usually a "twice a night" man, she realised how turned on I had been.

We discussed it over the next few nights and a repeat visit the following week had been unsuccessful though we managed a nice open-air fuck. Kate confessed she was very turned on my being surrounded by guys, all wanting her. She was also surprised to find she enjoyed seeing me being serviced.

"It means I don't have to worry if you're alright when I see you getting a blowjob too," she said.

The possibilities of being able to explore this side of me, and have Kate there as well had me as horny as hell, though I must say I was scared as hell too as I wasn't sure quite what aspect of male sex I wanted as I still loved Kate.

Nothing much happened during the late Spring and early Summer and we were excitedly preparing for our Summer holiday. We had booked an all-inclusive holiday in a child-free resort in Cancun. We both thought it would be great not to hear screaming kids around and hopefully be able to socialise with other couples.

Well it certainly was all inclusive and we took three days just to sober up after overindulging on arrival. We latched on to Brian and Sue, a slightly younger couple than us, who had been married since 18, and were now 22 and going through a rocky patch. Sue's parents had helped them pay for the expensive holiday they were now enjoying. They were very up front about their problems. Sue was a short haired blonde (though I figured not as blonde below as above). She looked a bit like a young Dolly Parton with the mammary glands to go with it and she, like Brian, was from Essex in the South of England.

Now some readers might not know the "Essex girls" image but they are (probably unfairly) attributed to being all tits and no brains. I have to say, in the case of Sue, it was true. However she had a simple honesty and stunning good looks. She just said what she thought without realising the effect it might have on others. It was refreshing, if sometimes embarrassing!

On night three, we were all sitting in a quiet corner of the lounge, some entertainment in the background keeping the masses happy. Sue and Kate were at one table and Brian and I at another. Brian was quite drunk and our conversation was at a level where I felt Brian wanted to open out more about him and Sue. I was keen to hear any juicy details about their sex life he might want to divulge. Brian was a good looking lad. He was short-haired with a couple of tattoos (one on each arm) and was of a muscular build for his short body size. He stood around 5 feet and 7 inches but what there was of him was solid. If I were being honest, I found him sexually attractive but kept putting that idea out of my head as he seemed besotted with his current problems inside his marriage.

"....says I'm not man enough to keep her fully happy. That's not fair, is it?"

My brain drifted back in from my sizing up of Brian, just in time to hear those words.

"Sorry Brian, I was miles away. In what way does she say you're not man enough?"

He ignored my question and said, "How big are you, you know, downstairs?"

"You mean, when in action?" I asked.

"Yea."

"I suppose about 7 inches or so," I replied.

"You see, that's it. I'm a bit over 5 inches and she says she wants to feel a really big cock in her. How do you think that makes me feel?"

"Can I ask a question that might offend you Brian, but it's not meant to?" I asked.

"Fire away,"

"How would you feel watching a guy with a big cock fucking Sue?"

He looked at me, ready to explode with annoyance that I should suggest any other man stuck his dick into his wife but within 10 seconds, his flushed, angry-look mellowed.

"Being honest?" he said.

I nodded.

"My cock's getting hard just with you saying the words." He continued. "We have talked about it but I keep chickening out. Did you see the two Caribbean type black guys who work in the gardens; well she said she would love both of them to fuck her while I watched?"

"Brian, I would love to watch that too," I said with a smile on my face.

I looked over and it seemed the girls were similarly sharing intimate conversation judging by the furtive glances and guilty smiles in our direction. I also felt I was being spoken about and wondered if Kate was bragging about my cock size or our dogging experiences.

"You have a great video camera, don't you?"

I snapped back into our conversation. "Yes, why?"

"If we do it, you could film it."

"I don't think Sue might like the idea of a strange couple watching her being shagged by two black strangers with an audience of 3 and a film crew," I said.

He smirked and adjusted his obvious erection.

"You're fucking hard too aren't you? He said. "Bet you wouldn't mind a poke at her either. In fact, I wouldn't mind a poke at Kate"

So the ingredients were there for some horny fun but how the hell were we to find the recipe to make something extremely exciting happen. I stood up to go for a pee and Brian toddled on behind me. As I stood at the urinal he came alongside and looked down at my cock, struggling to drop from full erection to a level which would allow me to piss. His own was sticking out rock hard.
