 Katie arrived home from the supermarket to find her best friend Melissa sitting on her doorstep. Parking the car, she got out and walked over to her. “Hey babe, what’s up? I didn’t think we were meeting until later.”

“We weren’t but I was bored at home so I thought I’d come over early and keep you company. That’s okay, right?”

“It’s more than okay, you know that. Come on, help me bring in the groceries and then we can hang out in the pool.”

Melissa nodded before getting up from the step and following Katie to the trunk of the car . “Mmm that sounds good. I can’t believe today is even hotter than yesterday.”

The two girls picked up a couple of bags each and made their way into the house where they started to put away the groceries. Once they were done, Katie walked over to the fridge and grabbed a couple of bottles of water for them both. 

“Let’s go upstairs and get changed. I can’t wait to get into the pool and cool down.”

“Okay,” Melissa agreed, taking one of the bottles from her friend and following her upstairs. 

Once inside her bedroom, Katie jumped onto her bed and laid back against the pillows. “Did you bring your suit with you?”

The other girl shook her head. “Nuh huh, I didn’t think we would be swimming. I could just borrow one of yours though.”

Looking her friend up and down, Katie got a naughty glint in her eyes. “No Lissa, I don’t think that’s gonna work. You know I only wear skimpy bikinis and your tits wouldn’t squeeze into them. How ‘bout we skinny dip instead? I mean, it’s not fair that I make you swim naked on your own.”

Melissa giggled nervously. “What about the neighbours?”

“Don’t worry about that. Why do you think Mom bought this house? You know how she likes sunbathing topless so when she saw all those tall trees and bushes surrounding the garden she put an offer in straightaway.”

Katie was right. Her mother, Julia, was a very young 36 and liked to keep herself in tip-top condition and worked out religiously. She also liked her tan to be as natural as possible and so would spend a lot of time in the garden sunbathing without a stitch of clothing on. Melissa blushed as she remembered the time she had walked into their garden and seen Mrs. Robbins’ firm breasts pointing skywards without a hint of sag to them. The suntan oil she had applied all over had glistened in the rays of the hot sun.

“Lissa sweetie, are you okay?” Katie’s voice called her back to the present. 

“Uh yeah, I’m fine. So...uh....speaking of your mom, when will she be back?”

“Not until tomorrow. Dan’s taken her away somewhere and they should be back sometime in the afternoon. It’s not hard to guess what they’re gonna be up to all night,” she replied with a grimace. 

“What’s with the face? I thought you liked Dan.”

“I do like him, I just hate the thought of him fucking my mother. I mean, I know she looks fantastic and everything but she’s ten years older than him, you know.”

“Yeah I know, but I still say he likes you too. I saw the way he was checking you out the other night when I stayed over.”

“God, I hope so. Every time I see him I just wanna throw him down, rip his clothes off and ride him into oblivion. Judging by the moans that come from Mom’s room when he stays over I just know he’s an amazing lover.” Katie could feel herself getting wet as she let her thoughts run wild. 

Dan Jensen fit the typical tall, dark and handsome stereotype. He was 6ft 2” with dark brown hair and intense chocolate brown eyes. He worked out which was evident in his muscular frame but he wasn’t like those muscle men you see flexing at the gym or on the beach. 

“Come on, let’s get changed and get into that water. All these thoughts of Dan are making my temperature soar,” Melissa teased. She too had fantasized about Dan on many occasions since first laying eyes on him. The guy was absolutely gorgeous and she just bet he knew how to put his cock to good use unlike her last boyfriend, Chris, who used to just stick it to her and lose it after a couple of minutes. 

Katie got up from her bed and grabbing the hem of her pink spaghetti strap T-shirt, pulled it over her head revealing her pert 36C braless breasts. She then unbuttoned and slid off her denim cut-off shorts to reveal her shaved pussy which glistened with her obvious arousal at the topic of their conversation. “Hurry up Lissa, get naked,” she told her friend as she slipped off her sandals. 

Melissa smiled at her friend who was standing in all her naked glory. Even though she had seen Katie nude before, she still got transfixed at her gorgeous curves. Licking her lips, she unbuttoned her sleeveless blouse to reveal a pale pink bra holding her 38DD breasts. Reaching behind her, she released the clasp and pulled the bra away. Despite her breasts being large and heavy, they stood high and proud and as she moved to unclasp her long flower-print skirt, they jiggled enticingly. The skirt fell to the floor and Melissa kicked it away and sliding her thumbs into the waistband of her pale pink thong, she slowly pulled it down and then kicked it away when it reached her ankles. 

Katie was sitting on the edge of her bed watching her friend undress and upon seeing her also shaved pussy come into view, she automatically spread her legs and ran the tip of her index finger over her swollen clit to try and alleviate its throbbing. Her eyes locked on Melissa’s as she slowly brought herself to orgasm but before she could reach her peak, her friend had walked closer to her and removed her finger, replacing it with her own. 

“Oh...oh God...yessss...”

“Does that feel good, Katie? It feels good to me...you’re so fucking wet...”

“Uh huh...it feels amazing...oh god please...please...”

Melissa smiled at the rapture on her best friend’s face as she caressed and stroked her hard nub. This wasn’t the first time they had done this and it wouldn’t be the last. While they both loved fucking guys, they both enjoyed the sublime pleasure another girl could provide. “Please what, baby? What do you need?” she whispered.

“Lick me...lick my pussy. I’m on fire, Lissa.”

Without another word, Melissa sank to her knees and spread Katie’s legs wider before licking a path from the crease where her thigh met her pussy. She was rewarded with a long drawn out moan and she smiled against her thigh. She repeated the action once more before doing it on the other side. Next she pulled one of Katie’s pussy lips into her mouth and sucked on it, softly at first but then harder. 

“Ohmigod! Ohmigod! You’re so good...you’re so fucking good,” Katie told her as she tangled her hands in her friend’s shoulder length dark hair, holding her face firmly against her pussy. 

Melissa was in heaven as she sucked and nibbled on Katie’s lower lips before dragging her tongue up from her puckered opening right up to her clit. Her friend’s howls of pleasure were turning her on even more than she already was and she couldn’t help trailing a finger down her own body to rub her own clit. That first touch caused her to moan against Katie’s hot, wet pussy which subsequently resulted in a vibration jolting through her and her best friend let out a shriek. Stiffening her tongue, she plunged it inside her hole tasting her completely. 

“Fuck! Fuck! Yesss...do it again...fuck me with that tongue baby!”

Complying with her wishes, Melissa repeated the action over and over, using her tongue like a mini-cock. She couldn’t get enough of Katie’s taste and smell and she couldn’t wait for her to cum in her mouth. 

Katie was writhing on the bed with her eyes closed, her head thrashing from side to side as Melissa ate her out like a pro. One of her hands still gripped her friend’s hair while her other was now tangled in the sheets. She could feel her climax approaching as Melissa alternated between fucking her with her tongue and then using it to trace figures of eight on her clit. Opening her eyes, she looked down at her friend and gasped when she saw that she was looking right back at her while she feasted on her. That look sent her over the edge. 

“Aaargh...I’m cumming! I’m cumming!” Katie screamed out as her heart beat wildly and her world exploded into a multitude of stars.

Melissa greedily drank down Katie’s cum and continued to lick her through her orgasm which resulted in her giving her a couple more mini-cums. 

Releasing her grip on Melissa’s hair, she stroked her hand over the shiny locks and a second later the other girl was kissing her way up her body until they were face to face and they shared a hot, open-mouthed kiss, their tongues intertwining sharing the taste of Katie’s pussy juice. 

Reluctantly breaking the kiss for much needed air, the two girls panted against each other. Their breasts were pressed against each other’s while Melissa was grinding her wet, pulsating pussy on Katie’s thigh. She was almost there when her friend rolled her over so she was on top. 

“Katie, baby, why’d you do that? I was so fucking close.” she pouted.

“Aww sweetie, I know but I don’t want you to get off like that. I want to get you in the pool’s hot tub and return the pleasure you just gave me. I haven’t cum like that in...oooh...48 hours.” She said giggling. Melissa had stayed over a couple of nights ago and while Dan was fucking her Mom, her best friend was fucking her with a very thick six inch vibrator. It had resulted in one of the strongest orgasms she’d ever had or so she’d thought until a few minutes ago. 

Quickly getting up from the bed, Melissa grabbed Katie’s hand and pulled her up. “What are we waiting for then?” 

“Let me just grab a couple of towels for us,” she said detouring to the linen closet and taking two big fluffy towels from the shelf. 

The two girls practically ran downstairs in their haste to get to the pool and get started with their fun. Dropping the towels onto one of the sunloungers, Katie gracefully dived into the warm water of the pool. Coming up after a moment or two, she watched as Melissa climbed onto the diving board and then rose up and down, her large breasts bouncing. A second later she too gracefully dived into the water and then swam over to where Katie was standing. They embraced, their breasts once again pressed together, and shared a deep passionate kiss. 

Melissa let out a long drawn out sigh as she felt two of Katie’s fingers rimming her cunt before plunging deep inside. “Ooohhh that feels sooo good,” she told her. Her sighs turned to moans as the fingers began pistoning in and out of her faster and faster and her earlier denied orgasm was fast approaching. 

Katie watched the blissful expression on the other girl’s face before moving closer and planting soft butterfly kisses all over her face and neck. Arriving at her neck, she started sucking on the smooth skin. She wanted to leave a mark but couldn’t knowing that they’d have trouble explaining why Melissa sported a hickey when she had only been staying over at her house. Neither girl wanted their extra-special relationship becoming public knowledge. Their community was a small one and gossip was the last thing they needed. Soon both girls would be roommates at a college several hundred miles away from home and once there, they could then decide whether to be more public about their relationsihp. 

Melissa’s breathing was laboured as she savoured the feel of Katie’s long fingers plunging in and out of her pussy and with a final rub of her clit from her friend’s thumb, she was thrown over the edge and let out a wordless scream. Without thinking, Katie covered Melissa’s mouth with her own to muffle the scream. The garden may have been secluded but noise was noise and the last thing they wanted right now was an interruption by a do-gooding neighbour. 

They wrapped their arms around each other as they continued to kiss, their tongues exploring every crevice of the other’s mouth. After what seemed like an eternity but in reality was only a few minutes, they pulled apart resting their foreheads together. 


“Was that okay?” Katie teased.

Melissa laughed as she wound her fingers in her friend’s long, honey blonde hair. “Okay? That was fucking fantastic. I worship your beautiful long fingers,” she said smiling. She caught the hand that Katie had used on her in her own and brought it up to her lips where she licked and nibbled on the digits tasting herself. Her friend leaned forward and licked the fingers too, their tongues occasionally touching. 

As the two girls continued making out, they suddenly heard a car door slam and they froze. 

“Shit! Who’s that?”

“Maybe it’s one of the neighbours cars and nothing to do with your place,” Melissa replied. 

“Nah, it sounds too close to be one of the neighbours. Quick, let’s get out and see who it is just in case.” 

The two girls swam to the edge of the pool and pulled themselves up and out. Melissa took advantage of her position for a second and placed a sucking kiss on one of the cheeks of Katie’s curvy ass which made the girl shiver pleasantly. 

“Stop that,” she warned her playfully. There’ll be plenty of time for that later after we check this out.”

Melissa chuckled and nodded her agreement. Grabbing a towel each, they wrapped themselves up and quickly made their way inside the house just as the front door was opening. 

“Hi girls,” Julia Robbins said as she entered the house with her boyfriend behind her. 

“Hi Mom, what are you doing here? I thought you said you’d be away until tomorrow afternoon.”

“It’s nice to see you too, honey. I hope I haven’t interrupted any parties or anything.”

Katie took a deep breath to stay calm and hoped that Melissa, who was standing behind her, wasn’t blushing. “No, Lissa and I were just having a swim to cool down. So how come you’re back?”

“My boss called my cell phone telling me he needed me to go to that two-day conference he originally told me I wasn’t needed for. He didn’t give a shit that I was away overnight and already had plans.”

“I’m sorry, that’s horrible. I keep saying you should find a better job. He takes you for granted.”

Julia smiled at her daughter. “Thanks honey. I’m just gonna pack my bag and then Dan’s driving me to the airport. I’m on the seven-thirty flight. I’ll leave all the numbers you might need by the phone, okay.”

While Julia was saying all this, Katie glanced over at Dan and noticed the way he was watching her and Melissa. Letting her eyes look him up and down, she noticed the prominent bulge in his pants and if possible, her pussy got even wetter. 

“Uh...okay Mom. Lissa and I are just gonna have a quick shower but if I don’t see you before you leave, have a safe trip and I’ll see you in a couple of days.”

“Thanks Katie. I don’t mind Melissa staying over but I don’t want you having any parties okay.”

“Mom, you know me by now. I’d rather just hang out here with Lissa watching movies or listening to music than inviting a bunch of people I hardly know to wreck the place.”

“I know, I know. I just worry that’s all. Anyway, Dan will be staying here too while I’m out of town. The reason we were going away was because his place has just been decorated and the smell of paint is still quite strong.”

Katie’s mouth went dry at hearing her mother’s words. This would be the first time she would be totally alone with Dan. Giving herself a mental shake, she replied, “Oh, okay. That’s cool.” Turning to Melissa, she gave her a wink and her friend bit her lip to keep from laughing. “Come on Lissa, let’s go and get changed. I’m starting to get cold.”

“Okay. Have a nice trip, Mrs Robbins.” she told the older woman politely. 

“Thanks Melissa. You keep an eye on my wayward daughter,” she teased.

“Oh don’t worry, I will.” Looking past her to where Dan was leaning back against the wall, she eyed him up and down and licked her lips. She couldn’t help the slow smile that crept onto her face when Dan ran a hand down his body, grabbed his crotch and stuck his tongue out at her. 

Turning away, she walked up the stairs swaying her hips a little more suggestively than usual. As soon as she was in Katie’s room and Katie had entered behind her and locked the door, she threw her towel off and crawled onto the bed. 

Katie did likewise and they lay side by side on the bed, their hands stroking and teasing each other as they talked. 

Bending her head and leaning forward, Katie captured one of Melissa’s large nipples between her lips and sucked and tugged on it. 

“Mmmm you have such a talented mouth baby,” Melissa told her as her hand wandered down Katie’s body and she slipped two fingers inside her friend’s pussy, pumping them slowly. In response, Katie bit down on the nipple in her mouth causing the other girl to cry out in pleasure. 

As they played with each other, Melissa said, “I’ve got a feeling we’re gonna have a nice big cock to fuck while your mom’s away. You should have seen the way Dan was looking at us behind her back and when you had your back turned to him, he grabbed his crotch and wiggled his tongue at me.”

“Wow! Really?” Katie asked after she let the nipple pop out of her mouth. “Let’s hope we do ‘cos by the time we’re finished he’s gonna be wondering what he’s doing with a 36 year old when he can have two 18 year olds. But not only that, what guy can resist watching two girls getting it on. His cock is gonna be so fucking hard he’ll be screwing us blind the whole time Mom’s away.”

Melissa couldn’t help closing her eyes at the intensity of the image that her mind conjured up at hearing her friend’s words. She added another finger to the two already inside Katie’s pussy and the hiss that escaped her friend’s lips made her smile wickedly. “Let’s not use the vibe for a while okay. We want Dan to enjoy fucking our tight little pussies, right?”

“God yes. I can just imagine how great it’s gonna be.”

“So let’s put a plan together so that we know exactly what each of us needs to do. We can call it ‘The Seduction’,” she said giving Katie’s clit a flick.

Nodding in agreement, Katie replied, “Uh huh...here’s to ‘The Seduction’.” With that, she rolled over slightly, pulling Melissa down on top of her and kissed her hard. 

TBC