 My name is Carlotta Crusoe and when I was just eighteen years old I went to Italy on a High School trip. If I hoped this trip to be romantic and exciting I was quickly disappointed. Our two-week excursion was for educational purposes only and for the first week our teachers kept us on our toes going from museum to stately house, to boring lecture after lecture.

I think I would have thrown myself in the nearest river to end the purgatory of it all if everyone in my group hadn’t gone down with a nasty dose of food poisoning. I was lucky because being allergic to fish means I didn’t eat any of the fish that night but everyone else did, in great quantities, it was salmon after all and boy did they pay the price.

It’s fortunate we all had our own bathrooms because if we hadn’t there would have been one hell of a mess. There is something to be said for a single room with a toilet and a shower.

As I was the only person who was unscathed during this bilious encounter with salmonella I was given the task to cancelling the rest of our trips. There was no way anyone was going to recover quickly from this, and by the time anyone was better it would be time to fly home.

I thanked God for my allergy and happily made several phone calls, and when necessary went in person to cancel our visits. I remember even now the lecture Miss Gabb gave me between throwing up and running to the toilet.

I listened politely and assured her that I knew my responsibilities. I would cancel all the trips, and then come back to the hotel and perhaps I could use the pool and sauna? Miss Gabb agreed, we had all been banned from using the hotel’s facilities as this was an educational holiday, but with everyone being so sick, it seemed unfair to confine me to my room when I was hale and hearty, it wasn’t my fault I had a fish allergy. Also it would keep me out of mischief and stop me from wandering, something I have a habit of doing.

Of course Miss Gabb never envisaged me getting seduced by the Milano de Venus family. Did I say family? I do mean family, three generations to be exact. All were called Leonardo de Venus, but each had had identifying knick name. Fifty-nine year old Leto de Venus was the father of 38-year-old Leon de Venus who in turn was the father of 17-year-old Leo de Venus.

They owned one of the grandest Italian stately homes in the country and fifteen years ago had opened it to the public so that it could pay its way. Our visit was to be one of the last visits of the season, and this was probably the reason I could not get anyone on the phone to cancel the visit. In the end I took a taxi to the House to cancel it in person. I have to admit the house dazzled me the moment I saw it. It was made from white and grey marble, carved exquisitely in a baroque style that Miss Dabb was always going on about.

I marvelled at it as I paid the driver and walked up the stone steps to the wrought iron gates that led to the biggest oak door I have ever seen in my life. There was no doorbell of course and as hard as I knocked no one answered. Eventually I had the foresight to abandon the front door and went around the side. It was here I found the booking office but it was closed. The house was not open to the public on a Monday a notice said in several different languages. Today was a Monday. I swore under my breath.

“Can I help you Senora?” the voice was young, lightly accented and even before I turned toward the voice I knew I was in for a pleasant surprise. He was probably only a year or so older than me, dressed in expensive but casual clothes with a shock of golden hair and ice blue eyes that made my knees go week. I felt like a frump in my blue school uniform and I inwardly cursed Miss Gabb for making me wear it whenever I left the hotel. The vision smiled at me.

”Can I help you?” he asked again.

“I’m Carlotta Crusoe from St Hilda’s Roman Catholic Girls School,” I squeaked, “We are supposed to be coming here on Wednesday for a tour.”

“Oh yes,” the vision smiled and I felt my nipples tingle under my blouse, and at that moment his smiled broadened as if he was aware of the effect he was having on me, “How can I help you?”

I told him about the food poisoning. He looked appropriately horrified and sympathetic.

”And you escaped it?” he said to and I told him sheepishly about my allergy to all things fishy.

“Lucky for you,” he said and I nodded my head in agreement.

“We will of course cancel it,” he said, “We will refund all monies but we will have to keep the deposit, for administration costs.”

I nodded my head. Miss Gabb would be pleased, she hadn’t expected to be offered a refund of any sort because of the short notice involved.

“You look hot,” he said, “Come inside and have a cold drink?”

“I must be going,” I began but he smile such a glorious golden smile that I found myself saying, well just a small drink, before I called a taxi to take me back to the hotel.

He told me his name was Leo, short for Leonardo. It was a family name. He was gorgeous to look at and I think he knew it. Not in a smarmy way but in a self confident rich way that befitted his class and status. He took me to the biggest lounge I have ever come across. 

A room with wall to wall carpets, antique furniture and the most wonderful fifteen foot long sofa made of green and gold brocade. 

Surprisingly it was soft to sit on and the matching cushions were divine to sink back into.

“Lemonade?” he said to me and I nodded my head. I had been struck dumb and I felt foolish. Instead I tried to put across an air of silent sophistication. Clad in my blue school uniform I failed miserably. I squirmed thinking of the white knee high socks I was wearing, I must have looked like a country bumpkin! I watched him walk across the room with elegant strides. He was wearing black jeans; they looked expensive cut trousers but were in fact jeans. Tight fitting jeans around a firm, supple bum. I shivered but not with the cold. 

As I waited for my drink I looked at the walls 

of this magnificent lounge. There were paintings, small tapestries and delicate wall hung ornaments on display. Nothing tacky or cheap, tasteful and probably worth a fortune. I got up from seat and walked over to the huge marble fire place. There was no fire in but I could tell that it was used when necessary. It was a working fire place, and my fingers tingled as I touched the cold white marble of the pillars that made up part of its structure. 

Above it was a long red velvet curtain, pleated and heavy in its resplendent beauty. It was covering something and being a curious person I found my reaching for the gold tasselled rope that hung tempting near to my left arm.  The rope gave easily and the curtain slid away to reveal its hidden treasure. I sucked in my breath. I had never before seen a portrait such as this before. I doubted if many people had ever seen something so explicit, so erotic so deliciously wicked as what my sixteen year old eyes were gazing upon at that very moment. 

Three men were caressing a young woman lying on a green and gold brocade sofa. She was naked, as where they. You could not see their faces as the painter had painted them facing the woman lying on the sofa. One man was kneeling, his head bent over one of her succulent young breasts, you could almost see the nipple almost filling his mouth. The second man was by her legs, he had parted them and his head was buried deep in her crotch but it as the third that left me mesmerised. He was kissing the girl. His face hid hers and hers hid his but he had a shock of golden hair and his lean young body spoke of youth, where the other two men seemed varying degrees older but they were fit and lean.

The girl on the sofa was not struggling. Her body was arched, her hands wound around the golden headed youth and her very posture spoke of pleasure, willingness and desire. I was awe struck and didn’t here the door open or Leo return.

“She’s beautiful, isn’t she?” it was not Leo’s voice that invaded my senses. I swung around and faced a handsome older man, who had Leo’s eyes but his skin was creased and bronzed and his golden hair was lined with silver. I blushed with embarrassment but the man was not all perturbed.

“I am Leto,” he said in perfect clipped English, “Leo’s Grandfather; he told me we had a guest.”

“I’m sorry,” I heard myself say but he just smiled at me.

”Why are you sorry?” he said, “The painting is beautiful, we only keep it covered because it offends some people.”

“It is amazing,” I said and I heard my voice tremor, “Who is she?”

“She is called the de Venus Whore,” he said matter of factly, “She was the Mistress of three generations of my family in the 1400’s, it was a family tradition, sharing the de Venus Whore, it only stopped in the late 19th Century, Victorian prudery ruled the day.”

”She doesn’t look unhappy with her lot,” I heard myself say and then I blushed furiously. Leto laughed but it was with genuine humour and warmth.

“My dear girl,” he said, “You are quite right, all the Mistresses who held the title de Venus Whore were never unhappy with their lot, they were pampered, pleasured and spoilt by their Masters, of course they had no status, but as soon as they became pregnant, they were given a pension and married off to some middle class merchant or banker who was only too happy to turn a blind eye to their swelling bellies at the alter, specially as they were well paid for the magnanimity.”

“It sounded like it was a good arrangement,” I said.

“It was,” Leto said smiling at me, “Come, sit down, my grandson will bring drinks, my son should be joining us, his name is Leon by the way.”

I was dazed by all that I was hearing and taking in but I was also excited. An excitement I couldn’t quite place or understand. I felt hot under my armpits, and my breasts seemed to be pushing against the lacy cups of my bra.  Self consciousness to the curious gaze of my host I pulled my blazer tight across my middle. I was sure he could see right through me.

I sat on the green and brocade sofa, aware suddenly that it was the one in the portrait over the fire. As I sat on the slightly starched cloth, I felt a strange feeling run up my legs and deep into my crotch. I was shocked. I managed to sit down without crying out, composing my features into a strained smile.

A few minutes later Leo appeared carrying a silver tray, followed by another man I took to be Leto’s son’s Leon and Leo’s father. Looking at them it was like looking at three stages of one man’s life. The 19 year old pale skinned Adonis, his father, a man in his prime, lean and hungry looking with finely sculptured Roman features and Leto older than both of them but certainly more sexy. I was momentarily horrified by this thought. Leto was at least 50 or 60 years old, how could I think he was sexy…but he was, oh God he was!

I accepted the glass of lemonade from Leo, trying not to look at him the way he was looking at me. Our fingers touched and I felt a surge of electricity surge through me. I bit back a little whimper, managed to smile at him and accepted the drink. It was icy cold and deliciously sweet. The room had gone quiet; the men had drinks, in silver goblets which they sipped from their eyes on me, making me sweat though I did not know why.

“So Carlotta,” Leto said surprising me by knowing my name but Leo must have told him, “Do you like it Italy?”

“Yes,” I said, “Though I haven’t seen much of it, everyone got sick too quickly.”

“My grandson told me,” Leto’s warm rich voice was full of sympathy, “It’s a shame.”

“Yes,” I said with a sigh. I tried to concentrate on what was being said but my eyes were drawn to the painting over the fireplace.

“You like the de Venus whore I see,” Leon spoke for the first time, like his father and son he lacked a heavy Italian accent, but I could hear the ring of old Rome in his worlds, “She started a family tradition with her sluttish ways.”

They all laughed and I flushed but not from embarrassment. I liked what Leon was saying, liked it very much. They were all standing up I realised, in a half circle, watching me. Leo smiled at me.

“What was her name?” I heard myself say my eyes yet again drawn back to the painting.

“Does it matter?” Leto asked, “She was the de Venus Whore whilst she was here, that was who she was, her name is a footnote long since forgotten in history.”

I nodded my head.

“Yes,” I felt slightly dizzy which was odd because I was sitting down.

“I’m very hot,” I heard myself say.

“It is hot,” Leon spoke almost gently, “Leo, help Carlotta take off her blazer.”

I didn’t resist when Leo came to my side and helped me out of my blazer.

“Undo your tie,” Leto spoke now, “That’s it, remove it completely, you will feel cooler.”

I did feel cooler. I wanted to undo my blouse too but something momentarily stopped me. The room had got brighter, the furniture more antique and decadent but the three men and the painting were all that my eyes beheld. Leto eyes were holding mine in place, he wasn’t smiling but his lips were twisted slightly, almost mockingly but I was transfixed. I heard the buttons on my blouse pop open one by one. 

Leo was sitting beside me now and his long slender fingers were slowly undoing the buttons on my school blouse. I was aware of what he was doing but I did nothing to stop him, nor did I protest, I couldn’t if I had wanted to.  Leo gently pulled my blouse apart to expose the white lace of my bra. Leo’s fingers pushed the bra cups over my breasts to reveal two firm mounds with pink circular nipples mottled and taut. I almost protested then but Leo’s fingers curved around one breast and his head lowered to the other and his mouth took charges of senses. I gave a cry of pleasure as my right nipple filled his mouth and he sucked the puckered aroused flesh.

I was still staring at Leto when Leon came to sit on the other side of me. He took my left arm and began to kiss my fingers, one by one. It was delicious sensation, even more so when he began to gently suck each finger, using his tongue to run over the ridges on each of my fingertips.

Leto put down his goblet and seemed to glide over to the sofa. I had been eased back into the sumptuous sofa by his son and grandson and my body was tingling from their touch and caresses. Leto knelt in front of me and placed his hands on my knees. I watched as he slowly, ever so slowly unhooked my pleated skirt and eased it down my thighs. He tugged off my Mary Jane shoes and rolled down my socks, removing them slowly. I groaned, arched my back but allowed it to happen. Leto began kissing the ball of my foot and making me gasp and then my right foot and then his hands reached for the top of my knickers.

I think I momentarily stiffened but Leto kissed my thighs and stroked my knees and I relaxed. My underwear was discarded to one side with the skirt and shoes. With practiced ease he spread my legs wide and it was then I found out the true meaning of pleasure. His head moved downward and buried itself into my crotch whilst simultaneously his tongue did things inside me that I never imagined a tongue could do. My eyes widened, my back arched and I let out a cry of wonderment.

I realised that Leo and Leon were both sucking a nipple each and that I was stroking both their golden heads and rather than being horrified by it all, I was gloriously delighted. Leon kissed my breast, snaking up the mound to my chin.

“You are the de Venus Whore,” he whispered, “We’ve been waiting for you for a very long time….”

Of course, it all made sense now. The painting and my reaction to it. I found myself smiling as I pushed my face to his and let his tongue fill my mouth. I then turned to Leo and did the same, kissing them alternately, enjoying the taste of both them in my mouth whilst savouring the sensation between my legs.

Although I was a virgin I seemed to instinctively know what to do, how to caress, how to touch, how to respond. Bit by bit the last of my clothes were removed and discarded. I was soon naked and my throbbing body was lying on the green and gold brocade cushions as three men, sucked, kissed and licked me into virtual ecstasy. The three men worked together as a team, swapping places with each other so that all got a bit of the fruit (me) on offer. Leto nuzzled my mouth and snaked his tongue between my teeth. I kissed him back hungrily.

I could feel Leon’s fingers moving in and out of the slippery wetness between my legs, at first I had been tight and had winced when he had pushed his fingers inside me at first but now it was getting easier and easier to do as my juices began to flow.

“You get to choose,” Leon said softly to me as sucked my earlobe, “Who gets to pop your cherry and fuck you for the first time?”

My heart beat hard in my chest. Who out of these three glorious men was I going to let have me for the very first time?

“I want Leto,” I heard myself say, “I want him to be first.”

I think Leto knew he would be first though he did not make it obvious. The other two men prepared me whilst Leto stripped off all his clothes. For a man of 59 he had a magnificent body, and his cock which was a swollen throbbing mass was getting ready to deprive me of my virginity. He was stroking it with both hands, watching me, his mocking fathomless blue eyes gleaming like hard gem stones and I could feel myself sinking into those empty pools of shining light.

Leon and Leo kissed my mouth and nipples whilst each taking a leg each and slowly spreading them apart as wide as possible and holding them in place so that Leto could access me easily. My glistening cunt was exposed to the world and Leo once again moved between my legs.

“Don’t be gentle,” I heard myself say and I heard a soft chuckle from Leto.

“I don’t intend to be,” he said and I felt the hard tip of his cock touch my swollen wet vagina lips. He didn’t try to ease himself in, he thrust hard into me, making my eyes bulge and my body buck, a cry gurgled from my lips but it was one of pleasure mingled with surprise and pain. Leto and Leon held me in place, so I barely moved as Leto’s cock drove deep inside me.

“Oh God,” I heard myself gasp and my eyes watered and then Leo was kissing my mouth and Leon was sucking and squeezing my breasts and Leto was inside me and he was holding my thighs.

Leo and Leon let go of my legs then and Leto grasped them, forcing them around his waist and then he began to pump. Back and forth, hard deep thrusts hat made my eyes widen and breath explode from my lips. His balls were slapping hard against my buttocks and I had never felt anything so amazing in all my life. His cock was like a revelation to me and I was crying out in pure pleasure which each hard thrust. Leon pushed two of his fingers in my mouth and I eagerly sucked them. They weren’t enough.

“I want your cock in my mouth,” I gasped, “Hurry I want to suck your cock!”

He obliged, undressing quickly and climbing onto the sofa. My hands eagerly reached for his cock which was already hard and warm and I drew it into my mouth, gagging at first but not wanting him to withdraw. Leo helped his father, guiding my head back and forth on his cock, encouraging me to suck, moan and lick.

With practiced ease I felt my body change position, I was rolling so that suddenly I was on top of Leto and I was pumping up and down on his cock but Leon somehow had remained kneeling only he was above us both and I was sucking his cock which Leto sucked my tits and fucked me simultaneously.

I instinctively knew that Leo was going to enter me from behind. I knew it and I didn’t mind. I relaxed my bottom and felt him part my cheeks.  He lubricated me with his tongue. Do you know what it is like to have a tongue up your ass? It is absolutely wonderful! I would have screamed in pleasure if I wasn’t too busy giving head.
