 This story is completely a work of fiction. Any resemblance, in whole or in parts, to situations or persons is entirely coincidental. If you have any constructive criticism or comments, please drop me a line. Also, please vote! Thanks, and enjoy.

 #1 – The Pool Incident!

"These stories were related to me from my uncle. He has spent over thirty years working as a security guard in one form or another. From mall security to personal protection, from corporate security to high profile concerts, from floor walking to private investigations, he has done it all. He kept very detailed notes, and when the situation required, even more detail incident reports. He loved to tell stories, and when it came to the "Interesting" events, I was a very avid listener. My uncle, now 50+, and retired, still is an impressive man. He stands 6'3", and weighs in, now, at about 225lbs. He has won several amateur boxing titles, and at one time could bench more than twice his weight. With thinning charcoal hair, and eyes like steel, he is quite a package."

It was middle of summer in the lower mainland of British Columbia. I worked as a Mobile Patrol driver for a fairly sizable security firm. One of my duties was to patrol the provincial and city operated outdoor pools. They were all closed at nine, and no one, not even the staff, should be there after nine thirty. 

It was not uncommon for teens to jump the fence, and go for a late night swim. I loved this job. It was not unusual to see some barely clothed young women, even some not so young. It was about three in the morning when I arrived at this one pool. This pool was up high than the rest of the neighborhood. I got out of my car, and started toward the pool.

As I was walking I could hear the splashing of water, the laughter of at least two females. I worked my way to the fence line, and discovered that there were two women, perhaps in their late teens, or early twenty's swimming in the pool. There was a pair of towels right inside the fence, next to a pile of clothes. I also saw what looked like a large bottle of booze. The fence door here was hidden from the view of the pool by the change rooms, so I went around, and quietly let myself in.

I walked around the corner, and shone my flashlight into the pool, surprising the two ladies with my deep voice, "ALL RIGHT, LADIES! IT'S TIME TO GET OUT OF THE POOL!" They both shrieked with surprise, and stopped still, and stared at me. "Ladies," I said, "I am Security for this pool. It is after hours, and you are trespassing. Please get out of the water."

I watched them swim over to the ladder, keeping my flashlight on them. As they climbed out of the pool, I was surprised. These two were better looking than most of the women I find in the pools. Both were tanned, muscular, and both had fairly large breasts, and long, blonde hair. As they made their way over to their towels, I confirmed that they had a bottle of Rum with them!

"Now then ladies. I see you are also drinking in a public place. I think I should call the police." 

I watched them, as they yelled "NO." They both began to ask me not to, when I interrupted them.

"Ladies, please, be quiet!" I commanded. My size was intimidating, I'm sure. They both fell silent, instantly, watching me looking at them. "I might be convinced to forget that I found you here, but first, I am going to need to see some ID." They both reached for their purses, which were lying with their clothes. I enjoyed watching them, as they each fished around, and held out a piece of ID. I copied the names and address into my note book, and then looked at the two women, who I now knew to be Denise and Stefanie, and said, "Ladies, Denise, Stefanie, it goes something like this. I have found you here, trespassing and drinking in public. We have two ways of handling this incident. The first is the obvious, proper solution. That is for me to call the police. The second, well, let's just say the second would be for the two of you to try and convince me that I don't want to call the police."

I watched them closely, and could see that they weren't sure of what I meant. I smiled, and Stefanie spoke first, "Sir, what do you mean?" She looked at me, as did Denise, with a confused expression on her face.

"Stefanie," I replied, "it is quite simple. I believe it could be said that I am taking advantage of the situation. I will give you both a choice. You can either deal with the police, or you can deal with me." They still had confused expressions on their faces, so I continued. "How old are you, Denise?"

"19."

"Stefanie?"

"21."

"Good," I said, "You will both strip naked and do what ever I tell you to for the next 90 minutes." They both screamed with indignation, and a little fear, I think.

"You can't do this!" exclaimed Stefanie.

"I will not!" replied Denise.

"Ladies, it is your choice. What to you think the police will do, if I were to call them right now? Trespassing and drinking in public are two things that the police take seriously. It is up to you. Remember, if you try to run away, I have you names, and addresses, so I can always call the police and bring them to your door!" I loved the scared looks that these two young women had on their faces. It made me even hornier! "Well, ladies, what shall it be?" I asked, staring at them. They looked at each other, then back at me.

"Sir, I am willing to do as you ask," replied Stefanie, "but, I must confess that while I am not a virgin I am not so uninhibited to not be a little afraid." Denise was nodding her head, in agreement with Stefanie.

"Stefanie, Denise, I will not hurt you. Yes, I want you, both of you, and yes, I am not giving you much of a choice, but I will not hurt you. I intend to get my dick good and hard, and then fuck you one at a time. I am sure you will enjoy it!"

Both of the girls jumped at my language, and I grinned, "Well, then, I think it is time for me to see exactly what it is that you are offering me, what you will use to convince me not to call the police."

Stefanie looked me in the eye, and with a slight blush, reached around behind her back, and undid her bikini strap. She let it fall away, revealing her smooth breasts. They were beautiful, round and firm, with nipples that were already puckered, and hard. She looked over at Denise, and smiled, "Your turn, Deni."

Denise glanced at her, then looked down at her feet, and followed Stefanie's example. Her breasts were slightly smaller, and her nipples weren't quite as big, but they were still beautifully shaped, and about a handful. 

God! What a night. It was clear, and the moon and stars provided the only light by which we had to see by. Standing in front of me were two gorgeous women, naked to the waste, and damn! But they were hot! My dick was getting hard, and it was tough for me to stand back, and not attack them.

"Ladies, you still haven't convinced me that the police might not be needed."

That was all I had to say. They glanced at each other, then, at the same time, they turned around, and bent over. God, but their asses were wonderful. Each grabbed her bikini, and keeping their buts to me, slowly, teasingly, pulled them down and off their legs. They stood back up, and turned to face me.

I was in heaven! I couldn't help but stare. I was about to speak, when Stefanie said, "Well, SIR, do you like what you see before you?"

I nodded, and smiled, "Yes, Stefanie, I do like what I see before me. Come over here." I replied. They walked towards me, and I had them stop just out of my reach. I reached out, and ran a hand over each of their chests. Nice, smooth, silky skin, tipped with taunt, hard nipples. I turned, and unlocked the change rooms. I waved them forward, and once we were inside, I said, "Denise, I would like you to unbutton my shirt, and take it off. Stefanie, while she is doing that, I would like you to undo my pants, and take them off."

The ladies went right to work, doing as they were told. Denise came up, and stood to one side slightly, so as to provide Stefanie with room to get to my pants. Denise slowly unbuttoned by shirt, and ran her hands on my chest. Stefanie, mean while was unzipping my fly, and had started to pull my slacks down. I looked down at her as she gasped. She had just discovered how large I was. I must say, that while I am not huge, I am above average, around 9 inches or so, and my cock is quite thick. I have yet to have complaints!

"Stefanie, you must take my cock out, and I would like you to give me a blow job! Now!" 

Stefanie looked up at me, and replied, meekly, "Yes, Sir!" She pulled my pants down, taking my boxers with them. As my cock sprang free, Stefanie gasped again. Then I gasped, as I felt her hand close around my shaft. She started to pump my cock in her fist, slowly, tightly. God what a Feeling!

Mean while, Denise had my shirt off and was caressing my torso with her hands. I glanced at her, and reached a hand out, caressing her breasts, causing her to moan! I ran my hands over her breasts, tweaking her nipples, and then leaned down and sucking on them. I was in the perfect position, because not only could I feast on the succulent flesh of Denise's breasts, but I could also watch as Stefanie played with my cock. I moaned in unison with Denise, as we both started to get a little excited.

Stefanie drew my attention back to her, as she asked, "Sir, am I doing this right?" She was looking straight at me, giving me one of those sexy, bedroom looks.

"Stefanie," I replied, "I told you to suck my cock, not give me a hand job!" I made sure my voice had an edge to it. She stared into my eyes, holding my gaze, as she slowly opened her mouth wide, and took my cock deep into her mouth. HOLY FUCK! Her mouth was hot and wet, and I thought I would explode then and there!

She started to suck me hard and fast, and then Denise, who I had almost forgotten about, bit one of my nipples. The joint sensations caused me to explode, cumming deep in Stefanie's mouth. I groaned in pleasure, as Stefanie continued to suck, milking my cock until it stopped producing.

I reached down, and held her in place for a moment, prolonging the savoring the sensations of her warm, willing mouth. I pulled away, and glanced at Denise. "Soon, Denise, it will be your turn." Denise gave me a sexy little smile, and then said, "Yes, sir, anything you say sir!" I grinned back at her, and then I lied down, on my back.

"Stefanie, come up here, and let me have a feel of your beautiful breasts. Denise, it's your turn to get a mouthful of cum!" Without complaints, the girls switched places. Denise took over sucking on my cock, her mouth engulfing my engorged member, sucking deep into her throat. 

As Stefanie moved upwards, I moved her into position so that she was sitting on my chest. I pulled her forwards, so that she was leaning down, and her breasts were handing down right in front of my face. My hands began to wander over her body, learning it's curves, contours and it's sensitive spots. She liked having my hands caress her breasts, and the back of her neck was sensitive too. I sucked one nipple into my mouth, and at that second, I moaned, sending the vibrations over her nipples, causing her to moaning a counterpart to my own.

Denise, while not quite as skillful as Stefanie, still was a wonderful cocksucker. She was breathing though her nose, taking my shaft deep into her throat, using her tongue to path any part that she could reach. One hand was in use, pumping on the base of my cock, that what she couldn't get into her throat and mouth. The other hand had a grip on my balls, and was rhythmically squeezing and rolling them around in her hands. It was such a sensation that I was almost ready to cum again, and this in less than five minutes after cumming!

I reached down, and gripping Stefanie's ass, pulled her forward until she was now straddling my head. She looked down at me, shocked, "Sir, No, please, …" She couldn't finish, as I ran my tongue along the length of her slit! My god, she was wet. She was warm, wet, and god did she taste good. I ran my tongue around and around her lips, tasting, teasing. Stefanie was moaning, writhing in ecstasy. I used my hands to cup her ass, and pulled her tight against my mouth.

My tongue opened her lips, and found her clit. She was screaming with pleasure as I sucked her clit into my mouth. She reached down, and gripped my hair, holding me in place. Using my brute strength, I pulled back, and barked out, "Denise, ride me, fuck me, now!"

Denise did as she was told. As I sucked Stefanie's clit back into my mouth, Denise pulled my cock from her mouth, and with one smooth stroke, she impaled herself on my rock hard shaft. Her pussy was so warm, and so tight, that I groaned, sending great pleasure thought to Stefanie's clit. 

This wasn't going to last long. It was just to hot. The sensation that Denise's cunt was inflicting on my cock was too much. As she slammed herself down onto my member, thrust up into her. She was very quickly screaming, just like Stefanie.

Stefanie started to yell, "I am going to cum!" she said. 

I pulled back slightly, and let out a hoarse command, "Denise, Stefanie, I want you both to cum, NOW!"

With that, I dived back in, and bit Stefanie's clit, at the same time, I lifted my ass off the floor, thrust hard up into Denise. I heard them scream, and felt them both cum. God, that was one hell of a feeling. Stefanie's cum was streaming over my mouth and chin while Denise pussy milked my cock, clenching around it. Within seconds, I screamed, ejaculating deep inside Denise's pussy. I continued to pump for a few moments, completely emptying my cum into that warm fuck hole.

We collapsed on the floor, spent. I pulled them close, and said, "You have done well. You have convinced me not to call the police." 

I could feel their sigh of relief, and Stefanie spoke, "Thank you, Sir!"