 The name of the bar is The Secret Lounge which makes it not a secret at all. However, Claire and I have never gone to this bar in town, which isn't saying much because beyond a few fantasy escapades we don't go to bars very often. It was suggested to us by a man we know, Jack. He told Claire over a message online that he thought we would like it if we got "chosen" whatever that means. His instructions were simple. Go to The Secret Lounge on Saturday night. We're supposed to order an off-menu drink called the gatekeeper. He warned us that the drink would cost a lot, but if we kept it at our table with us we would be in for an interesting night. Claire tried to get more information out of him, but he wouldn't say anything and we didn't exactly want to go asking around the schools where we work about bars with secret drinks and "interesting nights." We talked it over and decided to go that very next Saturday. So on the day we dressed up and headed out.

Walking into The Secret Lounge it seems like a completely normal bar, but geared a little bit more toward adults rather than drunken college students. The tables are all low and the seats are pretty much just cushions on the ground. It takes this lounge thing seriously. There are even couches along the walls. Unlike most other bars I've been to, at least half the people are drinking wine. All in all, the bar seems to be trying to be a classy establishment, but it's still a bar as far as I'm concerned. It's too dark inside, too loud, and there's too many people acting way too drunk for this early in the night. I point to an empty table with just two cushions by it and we walk to it. I tell Claire I'll order the drinks Jack told us to and she can save our spot since it didn't seem like tables are easy to come by. It takes a few minutes but I finally get the attention of the bartender. He's wearing a suit and seems to be in his mid-40s.

"What can I get for you, sir?" he asks.

What kind of bartender calls people sir? What is this place?

"I was told to order the gatekeeper," I say and feel a little silly doing so. Maybe this was all just some sort of joke.

The bartender pauses and looks at me intently before saying, "Sir that is a drink strictly for two."

"Oh, well that's my wife over there sitting at the table," I say and gesture towards Claire.

"And what a beautiful woman your wife is," the bartender says after scrutinizing her for a moment. "I'll have your drink made and sent to your table. Will you be paying with cash or card?"

I get out my wallet and open it up. I have one 20 dollar bill that I'm about to give him when I remember what Jack said about it being expensive.

"How much?" I ask.

"One hundred dollars even," he says and looks at me expectantly.

I try and act like it's not a big deal and like I was expecting it, but I'm sure the bartender can tell I'm shocked. I pretend to look for the right card in my wallet by pulling out my library card, Walgreens card, Hyvee card, and anything else that will give me time to think. Should I just say no and tell Claire that we're leaving? We are making a lot more money now and it isn't like we couldn't afford it. Jack did say the night could be "interesting." Considering the fact that he's a male stripper, I'm not entirely sure what falls under the "interesting" category for him. I decide to go ahead and pay so I hand over my credit card. The bartender smiles at me when he grabs it and quickly runs it through. I sign a receipt and hand it back. He doesn't offer to give me a copy which is odd, but I wasn't going to take it anyway. I'd rather Claire not know how much it cost.

"Where's the drinks?" she asks when I sit back down.

"He said they'll bring it out to us," I say. "This place is just weird. It's giving me strange vibes."

"I like it. It's different, somehow elegant even if it is just a bar," she says and smiles at me.

"I wonder if the bar itself is what Jack meant by an "interesting" night?" I muse.

Claire just shrugs her shoulders and looks across the room as a waitress brings one large drink over on a tray. I don't even notice the drink at first because of the waitress. She's somehow one part Hooters girl and one party Playboy bunny. She's got blond hair that frames her cute face perfectly. Her uniform doesn't show anymore skin than any normal dress would, but it somehow reveals everything about her figure at the same time. She's petite with an hour-glass figure. Her hips sway as she walks toward us and as she gets closer her full lips are bright red with lipstick. The slit in her dress reveals her pale legs as she walks on her heels. The neckline doesn't plunge that far, but I can see just enough of her cleavage to admire her small, but full breasts. I try my best to look away and stop staring as she approaches the table.

"The gatekeeper for the beautiful couple," she says when she sets the tray down.

"Thanks," Claire says in a slightly stunned voice.

At first, I think it's because of how beautiful the woman is, but then I see that Claire is looking at the drink. It's actually a large cube that could hold at least a gallon in it. On each side of it is a different embossed depiction of a door. It has no handles and instead simply has two metal straws sticking out from the top. I notice that it has a lid on it, but it doesn't look like it comes off.

"Enjoy and good luck," the waitress sees before whirling around sending her dress in a flutter and walking away.

I watch her firm, tiny ass walk away, and it disappears behind a door on the wall beside the bar. I turn back to Claire and she's staring wide-eyed at the drink.

"How much did this cost?" she asks.

"You don't want to know," I say.

"I did ask," she replies and stares at me at me waiting for me to answer.

Of course I do answer because I can't lie ever. She's shocked and a little mad at me for spending so much money, but decides since I already did that we should at least try and enjoy ourselves. She takes a quick sip from the straw and then a longer one.

"It tastes good," she says. "Try it."

"What's in it?" I ask.

"No idea, but it doesn't even burn like alcohol. I can't tell if there's any in here."

"As much as could be in that thing, I'm sure we'll find out," I say and take a quick sip myself. The taste immediately reminds me of something completely different than any drink I've ever had alcoholic or otherwise. "It tastes like blue moon."

She takes another drink and frowns.

"I guess it kind of does. You know I don't like that crazy ice cream flavor of yours, but I like this."

We sit and talk while watching the people come in and out of the bar. Some people seem to treat it like any other bar that they'd come into for a quick drink. Others linger and socialize. We see a few other couples with the same drink as us. I watch as the same waitress delivers a few more throughout the next hour. The gatekeeper definitely has alcohol in it because we both start to feel a buzz at the same time and suddenly everything seems just a little funny. We can't help but snort and laugh at the man who is insistently trying to order our same drink. He starts shouting and it becomes obvious that the bartender won't serve him because he doesn't know the name of the drink and is by himself. We laugh more as he storms out. I look around realize that the only people who have the drink are couples. We feel compelled to finish it so we keep going and Claire starts to get a little bit more than buzzed and enters the realm of pleasantly drunk. I prefer not to get drunk, so I let her drink more of it and I drink just enough to keep the buzz going. 

After another hour, we've finished the drink and are starting to think about leaving. It is an interesting place and interesting drink, but it isn't one hundred dollars interesting. I'm even starting to stand up when I notice the same sexy waitress swish out the door by the bar.

"If you keep staring like that I'm going to get jealous," Claire says and laughs at me. "But what can I say. She's hot. I wouldn't turn her down."

"Look, she doesn't have a drink this time. It's the first time she's come out here without one of these drinks," I say and sit back down.

"You're right. What's she doing?"

I watch as she approaches one table with the gatekeeper drink and she talks with the couple there. She reaches down and grabs one of the door handles on the drink and to my surprise it swings open like a real door. She points to something inside and smiles at the couple. Then she gestures to the door that she'd been coming in and out of all night and the couple heads to it. She repeats the process at another table, but when she opens the door she smiles sympathetically at the couple who themselves look disappointed and leave. Two more couples go through the door and three leave. Then another two go through the door and one leaves. Other people have been looking around watching the people go through the door or leave. Some of them look confused and whisper among themselves. Others smile knowingly each time someone goes through the door. She's working her way across the room and I look around and realize we're the only ones left with the gatekeeper sitting on our table.

"Have you had a good evening?" she asks us when she stops right next to the table.

"Very," Claire says pleasantly.

"I'm glad to hear it. I think your evening is about to get even more interesting," she says and reaches down to open one of the little doors on our drink. "Number 6. You were lucky tonight. You may go through the door by the bar. Enjoy your entertainment."

She smiles and walks away. I hesitate for a moment, but Claire gets up right away saying this must be what Jack meant by interesting. I get up and follow them both. We reach the doors and the waitress holds it open for us. We walk into a dimly lit hallway, but it isn't the type of dim that is foreboding, but is instead more like mood lighting. There's nothing in the hallway except for a door on the right halfway down and a door on the end. The door on the right says "Employees Only" so we walk past it and through the door at the end of the hallway. Claire is ahead of me and stops short in the doorway gasping loudly. I nudge her so she moves and I can walk into the room. As soon as I do I see why she gasped. We're in a large room that is dimly light like the hall except for a small circular stage in the middle of the room. There's a bed on the stage and nothing else. In a larger circler around the stage are six couches. Each one has a numbered lantern hanging above it and it's clear that ours is number six. Claire looks around but starts to walk toward it. I feel apprehensive, but see the same look on another couple as we walk passed them. We sit down and wait in silence which is only broken once by me asking if she wants to leave and her telling me no. Then the waitress steps lightly onto the stage and the murmur of the other couples cease.

"Good evening to our lucky ones tonight. Welcome back to those of you who have been with us before," she says and nods in the direction of four of the couches. "And hello to those joining us for the first time." She nods at one of the other couches and then ours. "There are but a few rules we ask you to observe. If you break any of them you will never be allowed to return and legal action taken against you if necessary." She pauses a moment before continuing, "First, anyone can leave at any time through the door that you entered through. Second, there is no re-admittance to a performance after having left. Third, you may only watch the show and under no circumstances are you to interact with the performers. Lastly, you may watch anything that happens in this room, but you are required to stay near your own seating area and with your own partner at all times. The name of tonight's performance is Chivalry Isn't Dead. Enjoy the show."

She steps off the platform and walks briskly toward the back of the room. I look over the back of our couch and see her leave through the door. It appears to be the only door into and out of the room. I turn back around and look at Claire whose eyes are glowing with excitement and the alcohol.

"Is this what I think it is?" she asks.

"Seems to be," I say. "Are you okay with this?"

"Totally," she says and nods emphatically. "We can leave if you want to though."

"No, its fine," I say. "Well, we'll see."

She squeezes my leg and I smile at her. Any other conversation is cut off when a woman walks between our couch and the one to our right. She's young and short. I can't get a feel for her figure because she's wearing what appears to be some sort of medieval princess dress. She climbs onto the stage and sits on the edge of the bed. She arranges the layers of her dress around her and flattens them out with her hands as if waiting. Then a man walks in from opposite us and he too climbs onto the stage. He isn't actually wearing armor, but he has a costume on that is designed to look like chainmail and I think it might be made with real leather. As he approaches the girl on the bed he drops to one knee and holds out his hand. She acts as if she'll refuse it before taking it and pull him upwards towards her. They embrace and kiss sensually. It isn't long before the kiss moves towards passionate and then becomes lustful. They shed their clothes as they make out and soon they're both naked.

The princess lies on her back on the bed with her legs over the edge and the knight once again kneels before her, but this time he buries his face between her legs. We're so close to the stage that I can hear her breathing quicken and the sounds of his tongue lapping her up. My cock hardens in my pants as I watch the knight eat her out. I turn to Claire to see her reaction, but she's simply watching captivated. I look over at the only other couple I can see and they're already making out and his hand is down her pants. They're hardly watching the show. I look back at the stage and the princess has started to rock her hips back and forth grinding her pussy into the knight's face. I can hear her moans and they mix with a few others from the room. Then in a crescendo she's screaming wordlessly in pleasure as she comes.

I look back over at Claire and this time she looks at me. She seems to be breathing heavy and her face glows with excitement. She looks past me at the other couple to our right and I do to. I see that he know has his pants off and she's energetically bobbing her heard on his dick. I turn back to Claire and she thrusts her hand down my pants to feel my warm dick. She smiles at me and strokes it gently beneath my pants and turns again to watch the stage. I watch her enjoy the show for a moment before turning back to the stage myself. Now the knight is sitting on the edge of the bed and the princess is on her knees licking up and down his long shaft. He's running his hands through her hair as she wraps her lips around him. Claire slows down her stroking as she gets distracted by watching the princess and knight have live sex just a few feet away before our very eyes. She grabs my hand and puts it up her short dress and I can feel the warmth and wetness of her pussy soaking her panties. I gently rub her through her panties as we continue to watch. After a bit, the knight stands up while the princess still sucks away and he grabs her head and starts to fuck her mouth driving his hips back and forth slowly. The room is filling with the unmistakable sounds of the other couples enjoying each other's bodies.

The knight stops and picks up the princess form the ground and he holds her in his arms before lowering her onto his cock. She squeals in delight and wraps her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. He begins to slowly thrust into her as he holds her up completely. I hear Claire moan loudly next to me at the pleasure of the sight. I turn completely away from the stage and force Claire's head away too and begin to kiss her. At first she wants to break away to go back to watching the show, but as my tongue caresses her and my fingers work their way past her panties and begin to rub her pussy she melts into me completely. We kiss and fondle for a few minutes when there's a loud moan from the stage and we both look. The princess appears to be coming again as she's still being held in the knight's arms, but now he's plowing her fast. She moans and shivers in his arms and he slows down eventually turning around and lying her back down on the bed. They don't stop fucking yet though and she raises her legs in the air. He stands at the edge of the bed and thrusts his cock back into her pussy. He pumps in and out of her and her boobs shake up and down with the force of his thrusts. The entire bed shakes and she moans louder and louder, but it doesn't match the moans of those around us. I look at the couple again and now she's standing up bending over one of the armrests while he takes her from behind.

I turn back to Claire and kiss her and work my hand under her dress again. This time I don't go for her pussy but instead start pulling her panties down altogether. She moans and whimpers into my mouth before standing up and taking them off. She looks around a moment and sees the knight ramming his rod into the princess. Claire looks back at me then lifts up her dress completely and takes it off. She only has her short heels and bra on, but the bra doesn't last either as she quickly unclasps it and throws it into the pile of her other clothes. I rip my shirt off over my head and can't get my pants unbuckled fast enough. Finally, I'm naked too and she embraces me and we kiss aggressively. We sink back down to the couch and she rubs my aching cock and I rube her dripping pussy. It doesn't last long though as we look over again and this time we see that the knight is now on his back on the bed and the princess is riding him in reverse. Her tits flying as she bounces on his dick.

I push Claire onto her back and lift up one of her legs and put it against my shoulder. The other leg she spreads wide and dangles off the couch. I rub the head of my cock against her pussy a moment before plunging it in. She screams in pleasure and now our moans join the cacophony of sex filling the room. I fuck her fast and hard and her tits, larger than the princess's, bounce up and down with each thrust. Claire turns her head to watch the stage, but I keep staring at her mesmerized by the view of my slick dick sliding in and out of her tight pussy. On the stage, I can hear the knight start to grunt and come. I can hear the princess scream in delight as he erupts inside her. Elsewhere in the room I can hear other men and women in the throes of ecstatic orgasms. Claire returns her eyes to mine and starts to rub her clit while I fuck her. It doesn't take her long to build up to a rolling orgasm and her body starts to shake and she moans repeating my name over and over again. Finally, I reach the edge and plunge over it. I pull my cock out and watch as I shoot my cum far to land on her tits, and then her stomach and finally covering her bush and pussy lips. 

When we're both back under control, I look around and notice a towel draped over the back of the couch. I take it and use it to wipe her off and then myself. The princess and knight exit the stage and walk out of the room. Claire and I quickly put on our clothes as do the rest of the couples. We try to avoid eye contact with anyone, but when we do we all give each other knowing grins and smile, just like the people in the bar who watched us walk through the door. We file out through the door and Claire and I immediately exit The Secret Lounge. As we walk to the car we hold hands and we kiss before getting in. Once we're on our way, I finally open my mouth.

"That was worth the one hundred dollars."

"Yes it was," she says and nods. "We'll have to send Jack something nice for suggesting it."
