 Note from Slickman. Sex to some is love. To others it's just a roll in the hay. To Amy and Eric it is a game of seduction. Everyone is at least 18 years of age in the story so make sure you are at least 18 years old and enjoy. 

Amy was born to seduce. Her baby blue eyes and cute smile could melt even the coldest of hearts. As a small child she discovered if she used her good looks and charm she could get just about anyone to do what she wanted. In kindergarten she would only smile at the other kids and they would bring her their toys. 

With the other sex it all started for Amy while she was in middle school. She was in the running for the head cheerleader slot against another girl who had been a thorn in her side since elementary school. The girl, Gail Johnson, lived to beat Amy in any school activity or contest. The final day came and the list was posted by the gym door. Amy knew she had lost when she saw the girl jumping and screaming and the other girls patting her back. Gail turned to see Amy walking her way and smiled to let her by her to see the listing. 

"Too bad." The girl said with a grin. Amy just turned and walked away. It was the following weekend Amy took away the Gail's boyfriend. It was sweet revenge. A week after that she dumped him. She saw the head cheerleader at the next practice. "Too bad." She laughed. 

Eric and Amy were made for each other. Neither of them could be faithful to any of their seasonal boyfriends or girlfriends throughout high school and college. They used sex for fun, enjoyment and a challenge. When all of their college friends matched up and married they realized they belonged together. Getting married seemed like the thing to do. Being faithful was not to be included in their wedding vows.

THE NIGHT BEFORE THE WEDDING

Mark looked at his watch and at Eric who was gulping down his sixth beer. He tapped his foot impatiently until his watch read 9:30PM. Eric's eyes were half closed and didn't see Mark as he moved towards the restroom door. Mark did a quick left and almost ran out the side entrance. He thought back to his meeting with Amy that afternoon and their conversation when she asked him to meet her at a local pub. 

"So how is Eric holding up?" Amy asked Mark as he walked into the small bar located only a block from Eric's party. 

"Shit faced since 9:00PM." Mark laughed. "The dancer tried to give him a blowjob but he was too far gone." He stopped realizing he should not have said that to Eric's future bride. 

Amy laughed. "He gets that way when he has too much to drink. Not even I can get it up." 

Mark had wondered all evening why Amy had asked him to meet her at the bar after her party. He had known she had cheated on Eric but he also knew Eric had done the same to her. Mark was a newly wed himself and had left his newly pregnant wife at home so he could party with his long time friend. 

"So why did you want to see me?" Mark asked nervously. Amy was wearing a short denim skirt and a halter top blouse. Her small but firm tanned breasts were pushing outward trying to escape. 

"It's my last night as a single woman. Like you said, Eric is with another woman so I felt it fair if I did the same." She smiled. She could see how uncomfortable he was as she came on to him. 

"You mean me?" He asked surprised she would even think he could do such a thing to his wife. 

"Sure. You are a handsome guy and will definitely keep it a secret." 

"Amy I really like you. You know that. But, I could never do anything to hurt Eric or Maria." 

"Eric knows." She said waiting for his reaction. 

"What?" He heard what she said but it didn't make any sense.

"He knows. He was the one who actually suggested it to be you." 

"But why. Why would he allow you to...you know?"

"Sleep with the best man?" She finished his question.

"Yes." 

"Eric and I have our understandings. Rule number one: We can fuck anyone we want as long as the other one knows ahead of time. Rule number two: We can only fuck that person once." 

Mark let everything sink in. A gorgeous woman was offering her body to him with his friend's permission. He had not had real good sex for some time because of his wife's condition and he could not get excited knowing she was pregnant. Even when they did have sex before the pregnancy it was not as wild as he had expected it to be after they were married. 

"This is not a good idea." He said trying to convince himself. 

"I'm not wearing any panties." She whispered across the table at him. She slipped her foot from her shoe and moved it up to brush against his leg. 

As soon as Mark left the party Eric sat up and smiled. He had pretended to drink a lot but was actually spitting the beer back into the bottle and emptying the bottle when no one was looking. It took him all he could manage to not get a hard-on when the dancer went down on him. When Mark walked out the door Eric called the party off and headed out the rear door. It was only a block to Mark's house so he knew he could get there before Mark could get to the bar. 

Maria was almost asleep on the sofa when she heard the doorbell. She had not expected Mark to be home so soon. Her energy level had dropped steadily since she gotten pregnant and was going to sleep earlier and earlier each day. She pulled the nightgown around her two month pregnant body that was starting to show her motherhood. She peeked out of her apartment door and was surprised to see Eric standing there. 

"What's wrong?" She asked afraid that something had happened to her husband. 

"I'm so sorry to bother you." Eric said as he forced his way around her to enter the hallway. "It's Mark and Amy." 

"Are they OK?" She asked as she closed the door. 

"Can we sit down?" Eric asked breathing heavily from dashing from his party. She nodded and they moved to the sofa. Eric could see she was naked under the thin nightgown. It was too small for her expanding body and did little to hide her full breasts and round ass. 

"Tell me." She said realizing he was staring at her body. She was so afraid that something happened she didn't care at the moment how she looked. 

"I think they are together." Eric said tearfully. 

"What do you mean together?" Maria asked getting upset. 

"Together." Eric said forcefully. "They are fucking." 

Maria froze as she heard the F word. She thought she was having a nightmare as this man told her that her husband was having intercourse with his bride to be. 

"No. You must be mistaking." Maria said trying to smile. "Mark would not do such a thing." 

"I saw them with my own eyes." He lied. 

"You saw them doing it?" She questioned. 

"No. Mark left my party and I had suspicion he was going to meet Amy. I followed him and saw them together." He lied some more. 

"How do you know they were going to do something bad?" 

"I'm sure of it." Eric said. "They are not far from here. See for yourself." 

Maria knew it would be the only way she would believe Mark would do such a thing. She stood and took a long coat out of the closet. She grabbed her purse and followed him out the door. 

Mark pushed Amy's foot away from his leg. His prick was hard thinking about what she wanted from him. He stared at her long blonde hair and wondered if she was a natural blonde. 

"I can't do this." He said. "I'm married." 

"No one will know but us." She answered. Her foot returned to his leg. She looked around the bar and noticed no one looking their way. 

"Can you say no to these?" She asked as she reached up and pulled the halter down from her breasts. Her cherry nipples were like small erasers begging for his attention. They got it. 

"Amy." Mark whispered. He looked around to make sure no one saw her. 

Amy grinned as she pulled the halter top back up. She knew she had him because he had opened his legs to allow her foot to climb up towards his crotch. He jerked when her toes pushed into the large bulge. 

"Let's go outside to my car." She whispered. Mark watched as she stood and walked to the door. He knew he should stay in his seat but his body let him down. He stood and turned sideways to prevent others from seeing his excited condition. He followed her out the door. 

"There they come now." Eric whispered to Maria as Mark and Amy walked out the door into the parking lot. "Duck down." 

"They are not...." Maria started to say until Amy pulled Mark between two vans. She gasped when she saw Mark's mouth meet Amy's. His hands moved down to grab her ass. "Oh no." She said as she reached for the doorknob.

"No. Don't." Eric said grabbing her arm. "We need to leave and collect our wits about us." Maria let go of the doorknob and started sobbing. All she could think of was that she was pregnant and would soon be divorced.

"Let's get you home." Eric said on key. He saw Amy looking over Mark's shoulder smiling. 

Maria didn't speak as Eric drove her home and helped her into the small house. She was numb as Eric removed her coat and led her up the stairs. Her mind was somewhere else when he sat her on the king size bed she had only shared with her husband. 

Maria didn't complain when Eric pulled her against his body. "What will I do?" She asked as her face moved into Eric's neck. He was wearing her favorite cologne. 

"Nothing." Eric whispered. "Don't do a thing." 

"But, he....she was cheating." She said trying to understand why he wasn't as upset as she was. 

"You love Mark and he loves you." Eric whispered. His lips brushed against her soft neck. 

"Yes. But how can I forgive him?" 

Eric waited a few seconds before he answered. "Get even." 

"Get even?" She asked confused. "How can I get even?" 

"Not you. Us." He answered as his lips opened to gently nibble on her hot skin. 

"No. We mustn't." She said. His closeness was making her head spin. She had only known Mark before. He turned her face towards his and placed gentle kisses on her forehead, eyes, cheek, nose and finally her lips. Her eyes were opened wide as his tongue pushed between her lips. 

"Eric." She moaned as his tongue ignited her whole body. She wanted to have sex with Mark but he pushed her away since she had gotten pregnant. Now she felt like a woman again while his man she hardly knew explored her mouth and tongue. She didn't realize her nightgown straps were moving over her shoulders until her full breasts felt the cool air. 

"Oh God." She moaned when his lips found her long hard nipple. She closed her eyes and felt her back fall slowly down against the soft mattress. His mouth was everywhere. 

Eric grinned as he used his years of sex with various women to bring her beyond turning back. Her body cried for both revenge and release. He would soon give her both. She lifted her hips to allow his fingers to pull her silky gown down and off her body. Only her panties remained. He toyed with the elastic waistband for a few seconds until she reached down to push them down and off her hips. He pulled them the rest of the way off. Her dark hairy mound waited for his touches. 

Eric stood back to look at his treasure. Amy had bet him he could never get Maria to let him fuck her. Now her ass was squirming in anticipation. He wondered what they were now doing. 

Amy directed Mark away from Eric's car as he pulled from the parking lot. As he sped away she took Mark's hand and pulled him towards her car. "Let's go to the hotel." Mark didn't say a word as she led him to adultery. 

"But this is your honeymoon suite for tomorrow night." Mark said as she opened the large double door. "Why wait?" She laughed. "Coming in?" 

Mark couldn't say no if he wanted to because she quickly closed the door and pulled the halter and skirt off her body. He turned to see the most beautiful woman he had ever seen standing naked before him. Her body was so well proportioned and curvaceous. He saw a small patch of blonde pubic hair resting above her shaven slit. 

Mark stood rigid as she slowly and methodically undressed him. Amy was surprised to see his prick not fully hard. No problem. She laughed to herself. She wrapped her warm fingers around it and pulled him to the bed. 

Mark was like a puppet while she positioned him on his back and lowered her hot lips over his prick. She slowly stroked him while she tasted his pre-com. She smiled as she felt his prick fully expand between her lips. 

"I can tell you like it." She giggled as her lips popped off the tip. "Maria doesn't give you any blowjobs?" 

Mark shook his head no.

Maria was also shaking her head back and forth as Eric's tongue dove deep into her dripping pussy. He sucked her hard clit between his teeth and nibbled on it. His hands moved up over her blossoming stomach to cup her firm breasts. Maria grabbed his wrists and pulled his body and mouth up to hers. His muscular body positioned itself between her spread thighs. His prick was aimed at her welcoming pussy. 

"I don't want to hurt you." He whispered. The tip pressed between her pink folds. 

"You won't." She said now smiling. "Just fuck me." 

Eric felt her long fingernails dig into his lower back and ass as he fulfilled her wishes. For once he didn't have to worry about getting the girl pregnant. Her arms grabbed him and he thought he was riding the bucking horse at Gilley's. Her full thighs squeezed his hips hard and tight. 

Amy didn't know if Mark ate pussy but she was going to find out. She moved her body up over his chest and positioned her golden nest over his face. She looked down between her thighs to see his eyes looking up at her. "Bombs away." She chuckled as she lowered her damp folds. She moaned when his long tongue snaked out to taste her firm knob. 

Amy wanted Mark inside of her before he climaxed the first time. She wanted to show Eric how full of his juices she was. She grinned when he came as soon as his long and slim prick entered her warm oven. "That's OK. I'm sure I can get it hard again." 

Mark groaned as her lips once again found his hard pecker. He had only had one blowjob before but that girl was not even close to Amy. She had him ready to explode again when she moved her mouth away and replaced it with her already dripping pussy. Mark lasted a couple of minutes before his hose erupted deep inside her womb. 

Eric heard Maria scream and knew he had done another marvelous job. "OH MY! OH MY!" She screamed as her body exploded. The stored up frustrations ignited and she screamed so loud the neighbors next door heard her. "I'M COMING!"

Eric let himself come as her body shook from her climax. Finally her body stopped moving. 

"You OK?" He asked as he moved his weight off her stomach. She reached up and pulled him back. "Don't leave. Please." 

"I better go. Mark will be home soon." He said as he kissed her rosy lips. "I feel much better don't you?" 

"Oh yes. So much better. Will I see you again?" She said holding him to her firm boobs. 

"We better not. After all I am getting married tomorrow." He said with a straight face. "I'm sure you will work it out with Mark." Eric quickly dressed and almost ran from the house. He pumped his fist like he had just scored a touchdown to win the Super Bowl. 

"You better get going." Amy said looking at her watch. It was midnight and she knew Eric was leaving Mark's house. 

"Amy. I..." Mark started to say. 

"Don't. It was a one-time thing and that's all. Let's not complicate things." She said as she pulled the sheet up over her nakedness. She suddenly got shy as he stood over her looking down at her pink body. 

"They are not complicated now?" He asked as he pulled his shirt on. 

"No. Go home. Kiss your wife and I'll see you at the wedding tomorrow." She blew him a kiss. He turned and walked out of the hotel door. 

Eric drove down the street and saw Mark's car coming the other way. Their timing was amazing. He couldn't wait to hear Amy's story. 

Maria managed to get into the shower before Mark walked in the door. She was drying her hair in the nude when the bathroom door opened. He stood looking at her. "Maria. I have something to tell you." He said almost in tears. 

Maria turned off the hair blower and wrapped the cord around it. "It can wait until tomorrow." She moved over and took his hand. "Let's go to bed." At first Mark could not get an erection as they touched and kissed. Maria took the first step as she guided his penis into her mouth. Mark received a blowjob not even close to Amy's but one he would never forget. 

Amy was massaging her clit when Eric opened the door. "Hi honey." She purred. 

"So is he the Best Man?" Eric laughed as he stripped off his clothes and slipped under the sheet. She took his hand and guided his fingers deep inside her cream filled cupcake. "He is not the best but he sure packs a full load." She giggled as Eric spread Mark's cream all around her folds. 

"And how was Maria?" Amy moaned. "You didn't hurt her did you?" 

"No way. She may have hurt me though." He laughed. 

Eric's mouth and fingers were sucking and licking her well greased fittings. "Actually I have never heard a woman scream as loud." He laughed before he returned his mouth to her dripping nest. 

It was 2:00AM before Eric and Amy left their honeymoon suite to return to their homes to be ready for the wedding the next day. Luckily the wedding wasn't until the afternoon and the reception the following night. 

WEDDING DAY

Mark managed to get to the church around noon. He was nervous about seeing his best friend Eric after fucking his bride last night. He didn't see Eric until he felt someone tap him on his shoulder. He turned to look at his friend eye to eye. 

"Hey buddy." Eric said as he gave Mark a big hug. "It's my big day." 

"It sure is." Mark said trying to be cool. 

"Amy said you two had a great time last night." Eric said with as grin. He loved to play the game as Amy calls it. 

Shit she told the truth. Eric did know about it. "Eric, I don't know what to say." 

"Don't say a thing. Just be my Best Man." Eric laughed. "You know now that I'm getting married maybe Amy and I can go out with you and Maria?" Eric asked. 

"Well Maria doesn't go out much. Especially now that she's pregnant." Mark said. He didn't want Amy around his wife. 

"What? I read somewhere most women can still do just about everything they did before." Eric teased. "Even sex." He whispered. 

"Yeah. I guess that's true." Mark said smiling as he thought about the blowjob she gave him last night. 

The two waited for two more men in their wedding party. 

Eric caught Maria's eye as soon as he entered the main church and saw her sitting in the fourth row. He smiled and she smiled back. The men stood in front while the female members of the wedding party paraded down the aisle. Eric peered around the pews to see who would be tonight's seduction. When Amy left him last night she told him to pick someone out for them to enjoy on their honeymoon night. 

She was sure the two of them could seduce just about anybody. The tougher the better. 

Amy was scouting the crowd as well. She knew it was Eric's turn to select a victim but just in case it didn't work out she wanted a backup. Eric smiled as she stepped up next to him on the alter. Her maid of honor Rebecca adjusted her long white dress and the wedding was on. 

The priest looked at the prearranged vows. "Repeat after me." 

Eric took Amy's hands in his. 

"I Eric take thee Amy to be my wife to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish,..." The Priest stopped and noticed what they had removed. He thought to himself the words he had read so many times. "And I promise to be faithful to you until death parts us." He read the new words. "To love and to cherish with all of my heart." 
