 So we decided to go again. It had been more than two years. At other times, at other places it was fun and, "successful", if you will. We achieved our desires. Mine to experience the touch and feel of a woman or women, his to watch me experience the touch and feel of a woman or women. 

I wanted to continue satisfying his fantasies and mine but there had been rejections. There were husbands to deal with and there had been enormous pressure for me to participate (by my husband Tom). When the evening isn't successful he gets cranky. Once, I said I did not want to go back and he pouted like a boy who didn't get that toy truck for his birthday.

The time now, however, was right to return. Tom promised no pressure and to be cool. He promised just to enjoy our dirty dancing.

As we arrived at Club Amnesty we could see fireworks from not too far off Disneyland. The receptionist promised we'd find more fireworks inside (groan).

The theme for tonight's party was "Nighties". That is, we girls would wear our sexy pajamas, lingerie, bustier or some such thing. I brought my pink nightie as a backup but wore a sexy little number in while I gauged the crowd. It was a sleeveless blouse: yellow, lose, and plunging. It just covered what was necessary in public but clearly exposed the roundness of my breasts and invited hopes of more to be seen in a subtle slip . More than likely Tom would help the fabric fall away in a not so subtle exposure. 

After storing our stuff in a locker we scoped the crowd as we seated ourselves next to the dance floor. Only one couple was dancing, a May-December couple. She wore a thin material wrap-around-dress over well-augmented boobs. She was white and had dazzling legs with a tiny waist. He, though much older, was distinguished and handsome. They sat down in a dark corner, where he immediately got a hand-job and those tits, those wonders of modern science, also got a hand-job. 

In a more exposed section against the back wall another lucky fellow was getting his erection washed. His head back, eyes closed. Her head deep in his lap...I never did see her face. Couples and foursomes were spread out at the many tables throughout the club. 

Tom and I sat, chatted until something we could dance to came on. Alone on the floor we danced close, doing our usual twirls and dips. Tom squeezed me from behind, pressing my boobs together to make a tremendous cleavage. My blouse slid out just wide enough to expose only the slightest edge of my nipples. That's where I like it, just flirting with exposure. But then, as I warned you earlier, Tom exposed all by pulling my blouse to either side. I did not protest Others joined us on the dance floor now.

As we danced Tom again pulled around to my backside. His hand slid to inside my thigh. His palm open on my upper leg and his knuckle pressed on my clitoris. I threw my head back on his shoulder. We swayed as he rubbed. He kissed my neck and fondled my breast as I grabbed his cock. The bone in his hand stroked my slit. I shuddered. I was riding the wave toward a crash on shore. However, fear, the mind-killer took me over. People were watching and expecting! As that realization hit I straightened and turned. The wave pulled back to open sea and we continued to just dance.

In another time and at another dance floor I had rode that wave all the way in. The dance floor was packed and the music load. Ironically I felt much less self-conscious. Of course then it was a woman rubbing my panties, kissing my neck and fondling my breast. As Her two finger stroking became harder and more vigorous, I let out a siren that was not quite audible over the music. Tom, who watched from the sidelines, said that few others seemed to notice my orgasm.

Back at Amnesty there was a pole on the dance floor. Guess for what! Yeah you'll never see a guy seriously using a pole. 

Another couple joined the cast on the dance floor. She was pretty. Short blond hair, a blue halter top and nothing underneath it or her white skirt, I assumed. I was curious but cool. I wasn't going to be the one to approach. She went to the pole with her husband's encouragement. He was sort of accountant looking. He encouraged me to join her as she reached and pulled me over to the pole. I made a rather lack-luster attempt. Poles are not my thing. 

My performance was short. I made a few obligatory twists on the poll then returned to Tom. Surprisingly, she (the lady in the blue halter) soon followed. She sandwiched Tom between she and me. Tom enjoyed this immensely. We freaked danced. Ms. Blue-halter liked my hubby's thighs. Though they aren't big, they are tight. You can feel the sinewy muscle through his pants especially as he bends at his knees. She ran her hands along his thighs up and back on his ass, pausing to take them in. 

Breaking our rules Tom grabbed her hands and put them on my breasts. Again, I did not mind or protest. My boobs replaced his ass, I guess. Ms. Halter slipped the neckline of my blouse around the sides of my breasts. Tom pulled out of the sandwich and around to my back. I slipped her halter so that the wrap went between her breasts. I cupped her tits...yessss! I love that feeling filling my hands. We pressed together, nipples-to-nipples, my hands held on either side of our tits. She leaned back. I cupped her boobs somewhat clumsily. I admired her nipples, medium sized, round, reddish brown and sharply delineated from the rest of the breast. No fading into the whiteness of her skin but a high contrast edge to the aureole.

We French kissed, then, since we were both exposed, she dropped down to my nipples and sucked lightly, her tongue flicking their obtrusion. Tom was coming unglued. Her hand was on my pussy and mine on hers. She, as I expected was not wearing undies. I couldn't really find her clit so I ran the whole of my forefinger the length of her cleft. I inserted just the tip of my finger in her. She, pressing on the fabric covering my pussy, seemed like she was trying to enter into me with her finger(s). I was riding that wave in again, and again it pulled away as the music ended. We collected ourselves and off we went to our respective corners. Damn, my undies were soaked.

May/December got back up to dance. Her dress was superfluous. It clung to that young body like a vacuum packed hourglass. She must have thought the dress redundant too for soon it was lying on the dance floor. Her panties and fuck-me heels were all that was left. Her torso angled up from her tiny waist like an upside-down isosceles triangle. She raised her arms as she swayed and we saw the Bosu ball shape of her tits curve out of either side of her body. Amazingly, I never saw her nipples. Little guns I imagine. Like those on the assassins in Austin Powers. 

Tom and I relaxed and watched the crowd. Tom suggested I try on the nightie now. I went back and changed. It is pink, see-through, and reaches just below my butt. The bra cups you can't see through but they push up my boobs like a Renaissance barmaid. Now I had my own fuck-me heels on. We dirty danced a few more rounds.

The dance floor cleared. We sat. A young girl got up to dance with the other poll that was on a stage to the right of the dance floor. She was gorgeous. Cute with no fear, she undid something and her flimsy skirt slid along her butt and floated to the floor. As she stepped out of the flattened skirt she kicked it to the mirrored wall revealing the sturdy round porcelain cheeks of her booty split by a thong. The blouse...well I don't remember the blouse or how it came off. I was transfixed by legs and butt. Now though, I had something more to admire: tear drop shaped and firm were her medium sized breasts. No enhancement here...no need. Perfectly round nipples in similar high contrast as with Ms. Halter but somehow they blended at the edges of her melanin-challenged skin. She used the pole like a stripper.

There I was waiting for the departure of her thong when her boyfriend or husband burst in on my reverie. This guy was a car salesman, I'm sure of it. 

"Do you like her?" he asked. Stupid question. "Because she thinks you're hot!"

Oh, this night is getting better. Now I'm going to break the rules. He looked at Tom and said that he was a lucky man. Tom nodded, to indicate the statement was obvious. Now this is more like it. They want me!

I'm exotic half-breed. I have black, soft curly hair cascading down a ways past my shoulders. My skin is Pacific Islander. I have a narrow waist and round breasts with medium-to-dark brown nipples. Tom is white Anglo-Saxon, 6 foot, is average sized as US males go, but trim.

Mr. Car salesman continues looking at me, "She really wants to do you!" 

What's that mean? I don't care; I want to "do" her too.

Salesman grabbed a chair and took it over to the stage. He motioned to us to come over. Boy, oh boy, I want to go over, but I have to pee! I told Tom and he just laughed realizing the predicament. He said he'd join the salesman at the stage and feed the thong with money while I was gone. I started to go but turned around and came back. 

"This would break the rhythm wouldn't it?" I asked. 

So we both went over. 

I offered a dollar and told Tom to give 5. She took neither. She finally 86'd the thong. Yes! There it was, a thin runway of hair emanating up from that vertical slit of her pussy, mmmmm. She got on all fours and crawled over to me. She kissed my lips and inserted her tongue. Something about a kiss from a woman! I pressed back with my own tongue. I know guys get a charge out of this, but guess what, so do I! Passion filled me. She disengaged and dollied down. She pulled down the cups of my nightie and twirled one of my nipples with her tongue. She gently sucked it and moved to my other, now lonely boob. Her hands lifted my tits up and together. She released my breasts and dropped to all fours and we kissed again. I moved my hands inside her now standing arms and felt her breasts, their nipples pressing at the center of my palms. I was flowing!

We all stood up. Tom helped the pole dancer off the stage. She stepped down and embraced Tom. He fondled her. His hand ran down along her waist and landed on the landing strip. His finger slid the length of her slender slit. She gulped and grabbed his cock through his pants. 

The salesman wrapped around me holding on my butt. I twisted to watch Tom. Mr. Salesman's hand came up to my tits and his head went down. While he was sucking and fondling I watched Tom. Does he want her? Will he still want me? She's young, firm, soft and curvy. Tom has known me for 20 years and her not even 5 minutes and we've never even been introduced. No, he wouldn't leave me but he will perform for her. My jealousy, I think, was that I wanted to be where he was. Feeling those breasts and tasting that pussy.

The salesman detached and introduce himself: Jerry. His wife was Tina. Introductions were over and now on to the main event. It was time to be "done." We were boarding the train to the back room orgy and cataclysmic orgasm(s). I did not hesitate. If I was going to be "done" then I was going into it with passion. 

The first stop was the locker room. I still had to pee! Tina joined me in the ladies room whilst the boys undressed in the locker room and grabbed some towels. 

As we emerged I could hear the distant sounds of pleasure moans of the various orgies already in play. There was a buzz from a rather large vibrator you straddle. The woman on it now could have lit the block with her orgasm. I want to try it next time. 

We met the boys in the locker room and Tina immediately popped the question, "Can I bring a strap-on?" 

I hadn't had time to think, I was stunned. Now I knew what jerry meant by she wanted to do me. It was too much, too soon, to weird for me. I said no. Jerry asked if another could join in. She was waiting in the back room's entrance. It was ok with me. The more the merrier. She was big but pretty. 

We sauntered to the back rooms, Tina and I held hands and the towels around us. We peaked in to several rooms on the way to finding our own. We saw 2's, 3's, 4's, all sorts of bobbing, rolling, and bouncing in frenzied ecstasy. All were heading to the climax but none wanted to be there just yet.

We found a bed and spread out the towels. In the room with us but in a different bed was a woman impaled on her lover. Her climb to her orgasm was with little barks like a Pekinese but it grew to Great Dane level as she peaked. I was next!

Tina was definitely in charge. She put me on my back. Stared at my pussy and declared her intentions, "That is beautiful!" I trim it close but no bald pussy for me. Too juvenile.

She spread my bended knees and ordered me to suck Tom's cock. He was on his knees conveniently next to my head. I grabbed Mr. Happy and gulp him down. He was rock hard. Almost immediately I could feel the involuntary quiver in him. He was about to cum. I knew he didn't want to yet so I lightened up a bit.

Below I could feel Tina dive in. There was no need for her mouth to lubricate me I was already awash in a tidal wave of slippery wetness. Ooooh, that tongue! It circled, prodded and massaged my clit until I was shaking. I could feel the ends of her dark tresses slide across my thighs, caressing them, almost to the point of a tickle. 

So many sensations, cock, hair, tongue. I think somewhere in there she slipped in her finger or fingers. Something was definitely stroking the g-spot but I wasn't sure...and I didn't care. I couldn't concentrate on Tom's cock so I just stroked lightly with my hand while sensations were growing in my pussy.

I let go of Tom's penis. I tilted up and saw Tina's head mounted on me moving up, down, left and right in short shifts. She was flat on her stomach burrowing into me but I could see in the half-light that amazing ass. So did Tom. It was flat on the sides and round in the middle, like she was wearing tight jeans, but you could see through them. Tom ran his hand down her back, softly caressing that very tight bottom. He paused there a moment then continued. I could tell even from my vantage he slid a finger to her clitoris and rubbed in a typical masculine fashion. This affected her rhythm on me but she continued non-stop, she was on a mission.

I was building quickly to the inevitable. Tom recognized the sound of my whimpers and groans. He came back up to my tits, held one and sucked the other gently. 

Tina's hair caressed my thighs; her lips enveloped my perpendicular "lips". Her tongue flicked and swirled between my legs and her fingers (again I think) slid like a cock in and out of my vagina stroking my g-spot with each pass. 

It is at times like these I think I have Tourette's. Nothing...nothing can stop my shriek. The others in the room were certainly aware of what was pending. I shuddered and arched and then lightning struck.

No soft, slow climb and roll over the peak but a sudden surge like a rocket blast plastered my pelvis. The shock radiated out along my legs and up my torso. I think I gave Tom some of the shockwave as it exited through my nipples. Sparks came off my toes and lit the room. Tina, at ground zero, held on, extending the explosion for as long as possible. I think my growl-moan-scream could have been heard at Disneyland, over the fireworks.

The orgasm exhaled through my extremities. As I came down I realized I held Tina's head by her ears. I let go and slumped. If I thought there was going to be a moment for the afterglow I was mistaken. I motioned to return the favor to Tina as she rose to her knees from between my legs. 

She shot back. "Nope, I'm a giver." 

Tina lifted out and went for Tom's penis. 

Hey? Where's the salesman?! In all the excitement, I didn't realize he wasn't there. Ah, the other girl. They must have gone to another room. Soon though, he came in. I assume he heard my supernova. He stood naked, next to where my head lay on the bed. His penis was big, somewhat scary. It is wider than Tom's, maybe longer too. In a bit of an awkward position I palmed it with one hand and pull out his testis with the other. Tina stopped work on Tom long enough to ask if I liked it. I responded like a cheerleader, spontaneously and rather loudly, "I wanna suck it."

This was a statement as well as asking for permission (I can't believe I'm asking for permission from someone who is giving my husband head!). She turned back to T's cock and I took in Jerry. My mouth had to be a bit wider than I'm used to. I could taste the condom he wore for the other girl. Quickly, though, my saliva coated his cock from head to hair, the taste gone. This is the first time I've had a cock in my mouth other than Tom's since we started dating. Ok 2nd time...but don't tell Tom. My head bobbed horizontal while Tina's bobbed vertically.

My orgasm completely drained out by now. While I was at work Jerry palmed my breast. A slight squeeze and nipple twirl. He bent a little more and caressed my inner thigh. I opened and he fingered me. His forefinger slid out & up easily as I was still soaking. He circled my clit then pressed lightly but directly on it in. He played it like a button mouse on a laptop. It felt good, comfortable, like a back rub. Surprisingly, I wasn't numb or sensitive. 

I began to wonder if the salesman would cum. I enjoyed the fullness in my mouth for a moment then slid off. Now my tongue worked that little bit of skin just below the head along the shaft. It slithered in and out along that tuft while my hand, which was wrapped around his cock, pulled in an opposite motion. Then I slowly slid my wet, pursed lips along the head and snapped over the ridge until he was all in...or as deep as I could go. On the outward slide I stopped just covering Jerry's little-head, my lower lip on the magic tuft shifting laterally. Then I just stopped and sucked like I was draining the flavor from a Popsicle. My free hand held on to his butt. I felt it tighten and his body twist. There was an ahhhhhh which left his clinched jaw as I slid back in again. Was he going to cum? I'm not sure I wanted that.

Mercifully he pulled out while holding my head in position by my ears like I had with Tina. He rolled me on my back and positioned my pussy in-line with his re-established erection.

Tina also disengaged or was lifted off by Tom because he was on the edge. She asked Tom if he wanted to cum. He said not now. Tina mentioned something about him wanting to "splash" all over me later. She then asked if we full-swapped. Tom and I both said no simultaneously. Again we weren't ready to cross the line they were already beyond. I was hoping we weren't frustrating them.

Tom turned Tina over on her back, spread her legs and started doing what I wanted to do. Now his head was bobbing and weaving, his tongue ravaging her clit. I twisted myself over and suckled Tina's tits. She had wonderful nipples, round with subtle points. They felt perfect in my mouth. I held the far boob gathering it up to form a hump on her chest. 

While I was distracted Jerry found a condom and sleeved his cock. I felt the tip enter me slightly. I turned back on my back. Oh I wanted him to push in. Come on! Push! Now, before I have time to think. My pussy ached for his penis but my mind caught. Fear is the mind-killer. As his penis split my labia and cautiously entered I reached and pulled it out, tilted my pelvis and laid his cock on my clitoris. I pressed with my hand. Jerry understood and slid back and forth sandwiched between my hand and clitoris as if he was fucking me. OHHH I was on my way back. 

Some strange woman came in and took my place on Tina. Her much larger breasts spilled out over Tina as they kissed. Tom's hand was stuck between breasts. This vision plus the clitoral stimulation inflamed my thighs. 

Without warning Tina sat up. "I need a cock!"
