 Lisa Corbin had just entered her bedroom after an evening out. It was 8:00 PM and she was ready to get out of her dress and put on some comfortable clothes. She unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor then she picked it up and placed it on the chair in the corner of the room. Clad only in her bra, nylons, garters and panties, she looked at herself in the full length mirror and she liked what she saw. At age 36 she was a shapely knockout with a 36-24-36 figure. Lisa exercised regularly and at 5'6" tall, she was a fit 125 pounds. As she studied herself in the mirror she gazed at a very hot lady with long soft brown hair and brown bedroom eyes. She was so engrossed with her own self-admiration that she never saw the figures enter the room.

"Very nice," a deep voice rang out.

Lisa spun around and saw three very handsome muscular boys in her bedroom. One of them was holding something and then he pressed the button on his switch blade. The knife sprung open and the steel glistened as the light reflected off of it. The three boys approached her and Lisa covered her bra encased breasts in her hands. 

"Now, now, there is no need to cover up," one boy said.

"Please don't hurt me," Lisa pleaded.

"We're not going to hurt you. We're going to enjoy you and you are going to enjoy us," the boy with the knife said.

The three boys moved closer and surrounded her. The one with the knife stood in front of Lisa and he slid the knife blade under the front of her bra between her breasts. Lisa felt the cold steel against her skin and her body shivered at the touch. The two other boys pulled her hands from her breasts and held them at her sides. The knife blade turned and it cut through the bra like it was warm butter. The bra opened up and Lisa's gorgeous breasts were exposed. The other two boys slid the bra down her arms and tossed it aside. Lisa stood there naked from the waist up as the three boys admired her breasts.

"You really have great looking tits," one of them said.

The knife was next placed along side her thigh under the garter and once again Lisa trembled when the cold steel touched her naked skin. The boy wielding the knife was careful as he cut through the garter. One by one each garter was severed and the remains dangled from her garter belt and nylons. Lisa had goose bumps on her skin as she awaited her fate.

Next the knife cut through the garter belt which fell to the floor where it was kicked to the side by one of the boys. The three boys were still dressed but Lisa could see the outline of their erections in their pants. The knife was then placed under panties on her right side and cut through the elastic. Lisa held her legs together tightly trapping the panty between her inner thighs. The boy then cut the elastic on her other side but the panty remained trapped between her thighs and still covered her vagina. The other two boys pulled the panty from between her legs and Lisa felt the cool air touch her quim. The only remaining clothing was her nylons and tattered remnants of the garters.

The three boys stepped back and the one boy put the knife away. Lisa watched as the three of them removed their clothes. She stared at their muscular bodies and emitted a soft gasp when their impressive erect cocks came into view. All three boys had cocks over 7" long and 5" around. They were not huge but they were well endowed. The three naked boys approached Lisa and then guided her over to her queen size bed. Lisa's nylons were removed and the three boys joined her in bed. 

For the next several hours Lisa sucked their cocks and was fucked repeatedly both virginally and banally. The boys were extremely virile and she was sure that each one of them had cum four times, maybe even five. The finale was when Lisa took all three cocks in her at the same time. She had straddled the boy under her and his cock entered her vagina, the boy behind her put his cock in her bottom and the third boy fed his cock to her mouth. 

When they were finished with her, Lisa checked the time. It was nearly 1:00 AM and they had been at it for almost five hours. Lisa was sexually drained but sated at the same time. The boys had not injured her and in fact they had been gentle and good lovers. Lisa's vagina, rectum and belly were full of the boy's semen as they all had emitted voluminous ejaculations. Lisa watched as the boys got dressed and prepared to leave. In a way she almost wished they could stay the night.

"Good night Lisa, it was great," one boy said.

"It was incredible. I loved the role play with the switchblade," another boy said.

"We'll see you at the massage studio this Friday," another boy reminded her.

"Bye now," they all chimed in.

"Goodbye," Lisa whispered so softly that it was inaudible. Lisa dozed off into deep sleep thinking about the upcoming massage scheduled for the Friday with the same three young men.

INTRODUCTION 

Lisa was a single woman and at the age of 36 she had become a sexual predator. She seemed insatiable and she just could not get enough young cock. She had set her sights on young men preferably ages 18, 19 and 20. She liked them well endowed but not too big. For the past two years she had been seducing young men and welcoming them into her bedroom. 

Her gorgeous body and beauty was a magnet for the young men. They liked her ample firm flesh and her experience in the bedroom. Lisa was comfortable with one, two or even three men at the same time. Once the wick was dipped the boys could not stay away from her and it was only when she got tired of them did she move on to another conquest. She knew that once a young man was with her that he would be a better lover from then on. She sent many a boy off to college with a wealth of sexual experience. 

Lisa was a very successful self employed recruiter. She worked out of her home and enjoyed the freedom from Corporate America. Her success showed in her lifestyle, home and clothes. Lisa's home was not massive but it was very well appointed. The total square footage was just over 4,000 with a spatial office. Out back she had a swimming pool and a lush landscaped backyard. The entire backyard was fenced in and it was completely private. 

Lisa loved to swim and sunbathe in the nude. She would often work by her pool making phone calls to clients and candidates. She had a pool service, landscapers and a maid service to handle all the maintenance, cleaning and laundry. In the lower level of her home she had an exercise room with wall to wall mirrors and an abundance of fitness equipment. She would workout to aerobic and yoga videos and use the equipment for strength training. Life was good.

BREAKING IN THE NEW POOL BOYS

The only time that Lisa ever wore a bathing suit by the pool was when her contractors were on the property. On this particular day Lisa would be breaking in two new boys from the pool service company. She selected a one piece bathing suit that hugged her body and did not leave much to one's imagination. It was 10:00 AM that Wednesday morning when the new boys arrived at Lisa's home.

She didn't bother putting a robe on over her bathing suit and she smiled at the boy's reactions to her shapely figure. The two boys introduced themselves as Tommy and Marty and Lisa learned that they were both 18 years old. They were hired by the pool service company for the summer and Lisa's pool was one of their assignments. Lisa showed them around the pool area pointing out the controls and the cabana containing the supplies.

Lisa stretched out on the chaise lounge poolside and watched the young boys as they worked on the pool. They both shed their tee shirts and shoes before they began working and Lisa was pleased with their firm young bodies. As they moved about they continually stole glances of Lisa's hot body and she noticed that they both had boners. Although it was difficult to determine exactly how big the boy's cocks were, Lisa could tell from their tented swimsuits that she would be pleased with them.

The boys finished the sweeping and cleaning of the pool and they were putting things back in the cabana when they heard Lisa ask, "Is the pool ready for a swim?"

"Yes Ms. Corbin, we're finished cleaning it," Tommy called out.

The two boys stared at the beautiful mature brunette as she stood at the deep end of the pool preparing to dive in the water. They noticed that she had not tied the top of her bathing suit behind her neck and they both quietly hoped that she did not notice either. Lisa dove in and her shapely form knifed through the water. When she went deep she pulled her top down baring her firm perfect breasts. She could feel her nipples harden from the excitement of the moment. Lisa swam toward the boys standing on the pool deck at the swallow end. They watched her gorgeous form glide through the water with her marvelous ass rising above the surface.

Marty gasped out loud when Lisa surfaced from the water with her fantastic tits on display. Lisa acted as if she did not know that her top was down and she smiled at the two boys. Tommy looked at Marty and Marty looked at Tommy as they waited for signal for the other one. Both boys were rock hard in their swimsuits and Lisa had achieved the desired effect. Tommy and Marty were not virgins but the younger girls they had sex with did not look like Lisa.

Lisa followed their eyes to her naked breasts and then she feigned her reaction. "Oh my, I didn't realize that my top came down and you boys didn't tell me either. Were you just going to keep staring at my breasts?"

"I'm sorry Ms. Corbin but you're just so beautiful," Tommy apologized.

"Yeah and you have great looking tits," Marty blurted out.

"Why thank you Marty, Do you boys really think that my breasts are pretty?"

"Oh yes, they're beautiful, the best I have ever seen," Tommy answered and Marty added, "The best."

"That's nice of you to say that but I better cover up before I get sunburned. Unless you boys would like to put suntan lotion on them so they don't get burned."

"Yeah, I'll put some on for you," Marty replied anxiously.

"Me too," Tommy chimed in.

Lisa walked toward the two boys and handed them a bottle of lotion that was on the table by the lounge. The two boys excitedly poured lotion in their hand and then standing on either side of Lisa, they applied the lotion to her breasts. Her nipples stood out like little dicks and the boys were excited beyond belief. They each massaged a breast and they let the stiff nipple slip between their fingers. Marty got a little bolder and ran his hand over Lisa's flat belly inside her bathing suit. Not finding any resistance he let his hand go lower until he felt her tuft of pubic hair. Lisa smiled at him as if it was alright to go further and he did. Marty rubbed her vagina and he found it sopping wet.

The more assertive Marty pulled Lisa's bathing suit down to her knees baring her enticing pussy and curvy ass. The two boys moaned in appreciation when Lisa's lower body was exposed and their hands fondled her buttocks and probed her pussy. Lisa told the two boys to lower their swim trunks and she smiled when their erect cocks popped out. Tommy looked to be at least 7" long and just shy of 5" around. Marty was a smidge longer and thicker.

Lisa encouraged the boys to touch her all over and they complied with her request. They stood on either side of her and they each held a breast in one hand and cupped a buttock in the other. The two boys were fondling the shapeliest woman they had ever seen naked. Lisa teased them unmercifully as she left her hands glide over their pubes and graze the stiff cocks. She loved the way their bodies flinched at her touch and the way their cocks twitched.

She then took a cock in each hand and she heard them grown audibly. The three of them played with each other for several minutes and Lisa sensed that they wouldn't make it to her bedroom before the boys ejaculated. Lisa dropped to her knees and took Tommy's cock in her mouth as Marty wasted no time filling her pussy with his meat. The boys were so turned on that they ejaculated within minutes of entering Lisa's body. Lisa swallowed Tommy's huge discharge as Marty filled her womb with his seed. No girl had ever swallowed Tommy's load before and he was ecstatic that Lisa had.

"This is fun but if we are going to have more sex then we should go inside," Lisa said in sultry tone. The two boys nodded their agreement and followed the mature woman into her home and into her bedroom. She led them into her house by holding on to their cocks and the three of them looked somewhat silly as they walked clumsily with their bathing suits down around their knees.

Lisa was again anxious to experience the feeling of two cocks in her at the same time. Once in her bedroom they stripped and arranged themselves in her bed. Marty directed Tommy to lie on his back. He was already hard in anticipation of fucking Lisa for the first time. Lisa straddled Tommy's body and took his impressive cock in her tiny hand. She guided the cock into her pussy as she slowly lowered her body to his. Lisa felt Tommy stretch her and fill her cunt with his big dick. She groaned softly as he fully penetrated her. Lisa leaned forward as Tommy pulled her body to him crushing her tits against his chest. 

As she lay there now with Tommy's cock deep inside her and Marty's finger lubricating her anus, Lisa realized that her desire for another double penetration was about to come true. She felt the finger slowly push further and further up her ass, as little by little, Marty eased it inside until it was completely in her. Lisa felt that wonderful full feeling that she had experienced so many times before. She loved two real cocks in her at once. 

Lisa felt the finger slowly withdraw from her ass and she suddenly felt empty as it plopped out. The empty feeling did not last for long as Lisa became aware of Marty on the bed behind her and kneeling astride Tommy. She tensed as she felt the head of Marty's cock touch her ass and then she felt his fingers probing her tight asshole again just before the head of his stiff cock pushed against the entrance. Marty did not rush to enter her but he just kept a firm pressure pushing against her anus, waiting for her to relax and take him inside. Lisa sighed and leaned against Tommy's chest, enjoying the feeling of his substantial cock that was still deep inside her wet cunt. She could feel herself start to relax and the natural reaction of clenching her sphincter muscle to resist entry was slowly reduced. Very, very slowly Lisa relaxed her anus and as she did, she felt the head of the second stiff cock enter her. At first it felt way to big to fit but gradually Lisa felt the head push a little further and a little further until, suddenly, her muscles relaxed just enough to allow the cock head to push inside. Marty remained perfectly still as Lisa became accustomed to having her anus invaded again. In a very short time she started to enjoy the feeling of having the second cock inside her, even if it was just the head at the moment. She felt Marty run his hands over her back and then move down each side to her tits. Lisa lifted herself up a little from Tommy to allow Marty to touch her. She swooned with sensations that were starting to flood her body. As she arched her back to allow Marty to reach her tits she felt his cock move a little further into her ass. 

Tommy's cock was still deep in her cunt and not moving as he waited for the other one to slowly but surely fill her asshole. She felt Tommy's breath on her face and Marty's breath on her neck as they both filled her. Lisa felt her orgasm start and both boys kept still as she started to move. She began moving her hips back and forth a tiny amount, pushing her body onto the two cocks, and feeling them both inside her. As she continued these movements she pushed a little further back each time until her ass was completely full. Any doubts she had earlier about whether she could accommodate both of their huge cocks were now gone as she started to ride them back and forth fucking them both at the same time. 

The wonderful feelings between her legs were intense as she forced herself down onto both cocks, hungrily trying to get them as deep as she could. The boys felt her urgency and matched her thrusts. As she thrust back they thrust forward, stretching her as they filled both holes. Lisa began to moan loudly again as she felt a powerful orgasm start to take over her body. Marty squeezed and pulled her tits as his cock filled her ass. Lisa felt both boys begin to tense up as the first powerful wave of pleasure from this new orgasm swept through her ravaged body. She screamed loudly, almost out of control, wildly fucking both cocks. She felt Tommy gripping her ass cheeks with some urgency and the hands holding her tits squeezed even harder as she felt two loads of hot cum spurt inside her. This was enough to send her over the edge and she screamed and screamed with what felt like wave after wave of never ending pleasure rushing through her. Lisa's head was filled with the sounds of her own screams. All that she could feel was the intense pleasure sweeping through her body and radiating from between her legs.

Marty pulled out of Lisa's ass and then she rolled off of Tommy and flopped on her back. Lisa just laid there and moaned as the guys stroked her body. Lisa could still feel the presence of cum in her pussy and ass. But Tommy and Marty were not done yet and as soon as they recovered they were back at Lisa. Tommy moved her to the doggy style position and slipped his cock back in her pussy. Marty moved around in front of Lisa and offered her his cock to suck on. Lisa took Marty's cock into her hot sensuous mouth and sucked on it as Tommy began to plow her from behind. Lisa thought of her business clients and candidates and if they could only see her now. As she was thinking of them, Tommy interrupted her thoughts when he moved his cock from her pussy to her ass. He pushed in his thick cock all the way in with one steady thrust. Lisa gasped as the long thick cock filled her ass.

Marty continued to fuck her face as Tommy fucked her ass. Lisa's fingers traveled to her pussy and she played with her clit as her two young lovers moved toward another orgasm. Marty came first and flooded her mouth with cum. He was followed by Tommy who thrust his cock as far up her ass as he could and then fired a barrage of cum into her rectum. Lisa had now experienced her mouth and asshole being cum filled at the same time. She rolled over on her back begging one of them to take care of her pussy. Tommy dove right in and began licking her twat and fingering her pussy as Marty reached over and tweaked her rock hard nipples. Lisa had another mind blowing orgasm as her hips lifted off the bed and she held Tommy's face tightly between her thighs.

The final act of the afternoon was when Marty got between her legs and slipped his cock into her well fucked pussy and Tommy knelt by her head and fed his cock to her mouth. Once more Lisa had two cocks in her at the same time and once more they both came in her again. Marty's load was diminished since it was his fourth of the day but it still was enough for Lisa to feel as it shot into her womb. Tommy's load was also less then his three previous ones but it filled Lisa's mouth. The exhausted boys pulled their deflated cocks out of Lisa and flopped along side her on the bed. Lisa sighed and then she glanced at the clock.

"Do you boys have another appointment today?" Lisa asked in a soft voice.

"Holy shit Marty, we got to get going. We're already two hours late," Tommy blurted out.

The two boys scrambled quickly to get dressed and get going. "Don't worry boys, I'll call the office and tell them that you are running late. I'll tell them that you had to do extra work for me," Lisa told them as they left her bedroom. She laughed to herself thinking about using the phase, "Extra work."
