 Bill Jackson sat and looked around his office. At 39 years old, most people would have thought of him as a great success. As head of the legal department for a major corporation, he had all the trappings of success, large office, big paycheck and dedicated staff of lawyers and support personnel. And until 18 months ago Bill would have agreed with them.

That all changed the day he went home unexpectedly in the middle of the day to retrieve an important file he had been working on the night before and had forgotten that morning. As he drove down the street to his house, he noticed a strange car in the driveway. Although not initially suspicious, some instinct urged him to park a few doors down and walk back to the house.

Instead of entering through the front door, Bill went around the side of the house and opened the kitchen door. He moved quickly to the study and grabbed the file he needed and then looked through the rest of the downstairs rooms for his wife.

Not finding Phoebe downstairs, Bill then went up the staircase to check the bedrooms. As he reached the top of the stairs, he heard soft moans coming from the master bedroom. Approaching quietly, he peered around the half-open bedroom door and what he saw made him freeze in his tracks. There in the bedroom was his wife with two men, neither of whom he had ever seen before.

As he watched one of the men, Tom, was in the process of closing behind Phoebe and slipping his hands under her armpits, moving them forward to cup her voluptuous breasts. At the same time, he was pressing his body close to hers so that his engorged penis fit snugly into the valley between the roundly trembling mounds of her buttocks. At the same time, he moved her slowly forward toward the bed, and the other stranger, Jim, who was sitting on the edge of it, ran his palms upward along her naked legs and felt high up between her thighs at her blonde pussy. 

Tom now had his middle finger thrust lewdly into Phoebe's tiny anus, greasing it with something he scooped from a jar on the night table. From Phoebe's smile, it was evidently something she wanted. Then he applied some of the stuff to his stiff, up- standing prick and moved up close to Phoebe's milk-white ass cheeks. Slowly but surely, the big cock disappeared into the crease between the woman's trembling buttocks. Bill gasped as, still held from behind, Phoebe bent at the waist, lowering herself until her head was directly above Jim's loins as he sat on the side of the bed.

As Tom continued to pull and massage Phoebe's dangling, taut-nippled breasts from behind, and Jim obscenely fingered her naked pussy, Phoebe ovalled her lips and fit them down over the knob of Jim's thick, blood-engorged cock. She was obviously excited by the taste of him and began sucking hungrily while Tom kept inching his prod deeper and deeper into her by now well-stretched anus.

With Phoebe squirming more and more with each new thrust Tom made into her skewered asshole, Bill, still watching from the shadowed hall, found it impossible to keep himself divorced from what was happening inside. Without conscious thought, his hand dropped to his crotch and he began rubbing his hard cock through his pants.

Jim had now moved to the center of the mattress and as Phoebe straddled his middle, he fitted his lust-thickened cock up into the narrow pink slit between her slender legs. Without breaking contact, Tom was on the bed right behind her, his massive penis still locked tight in her widesplit anus. He waited only until his friend was properly adjusted to shove his cock right up to the hilt in the woman's rectum.

Then with her white, lovely body sandwiched lewdly between the two hulking men, they began fucking her simultaneously. They moved slowly at first with long, deep penetrating thrusts. Then as her twin holes relaxed and began to moisten with her helpless secretions and theirs, they drove faster and faster, establishing a rhythm all three could follow.

Even from the hallway and at a distance from the bed, Bill could see Phoebe writhing between them, see her moaning and shuddering in the throes of ecstasy as one small orgasm dovetailed into another in the woman's dually filled belly as the two men entered into a competition to see which of them could hold back the longest. Bill unzipped his pants and pulled his cock free from the confinement of his underpants and began stroking himself in time with the fucking taking place before him.

On the bed the sounds of Phoebe's passion had assumed a regular rhythm as the woman began a chanting moan in response to the steady humping of the two men between whom she was still helplessly wedged. Picking up the sounds of her impassioned gasps, Bill began stroking his cock faster and faster and he felt the sperm begin to gather in his balls.

Then Phoebe's choking cries began reaching a crescendo of wild abandon that could mean only one thing, her skimming orgasms were over and she was building toward the really big one. "Ooooooh, my God!" Phoebe's wild, delirious cry came screeching into the hall and then trailed off into a strangled scream. As Bill felt the sperm rush from his cock and splatter over the bedroom door, he could still discern the wild crashing of the bedsprings and the obscene outbursts of the two men as they emptied their lewd cum deep into Phoebe's beautiful white belly and her stretched rectum.

Having zipped himself up, Bill then burst into the bedroom. "You slut" he cried. "I want you out of this house now." "Don't be here when I get home tonight. I never want to see you again. I'll send your clothes to any address you give me." With that he stormed out of the house.

And now it was 18 months later and in that time Bill had not been with a woman. For the first year he had been so upset that the very thought of sharing feelings with women had been abhorrent to him, and in the last six months when he had started to think of sex again, he had not found anyone who appealed to him.

Tonight, at least, he was going to socialize. One of the young associate lawyers in the firm, Bob Jones, had invited Bill to his house for dinner. Bill vaguely remembered meeting Bob's wife Nadine at the last firm Christmas party and as he thought back he recalled a young blonde of 22 wearing a revealing party dress. He recalled a pretty face and two big firm breasts above a trim waist with long slim legs below. "You're a lucky man Bob," thought Bill, "getting to fuck that on a regular basis."

After work Bill followed Bob's car to his house. During the afternoon he had bought two bottles of good Australian red wine, Penfolds Bin 444, as well as a bouquet of flowers for Nadine. He followed Bob in the door as Bob called out "Honey, we're home." Nadine came from the kitchen and Bill found himself instantly aroused as he looked at her. She was wearing a sleeveless black cocktail dress, cut low enough in the front to show off the swell of her prominent breasts. The skirt was loose and flowing and ended several inches above her knees. Bill gave Nadine the flowers and he felt the press of her soft breast against his arm as she kissed him on the cheek in thanks.

"Have a seat, gentlemen," said Nadine. "Dinner will be ready in a few minutes." Bob mixed a scotch and soda for both of them and they sat on the facing sofas in the living room. From his couch Bill was facing the dining room table and, as he watched, Nadine came from the kitchen to make some last-minute adjustments to the settings. With her back to Bill she leaned across the table to reach something on the other side. As she reached further and further across the table, she started to raise one leg to keep her balance. As Bill watched, Nadine's leg lifted higher and higher until he realized he could now see all the way up between her legs and the white strip of her panties was plainly visible where it snuggled against her pussy. As Bill continued to stare Nadine finally reached the item she needed and she straightened up and her leg dropped. As she returned to the kitchen she glanced over and gave Bill a small smile.

The meal was excellent and the two bottles of red wine were soon consumed. After dinner the three of them returned to the living room for coffee and brandy and Nadine and Bob sat on one sofa with Bill on the love seat facing them.

"How would you like to see some home movies?" asked Nadine when they were settled. Bill was not enthusiastic, but he felt the least he could do to show his appreciation for the fine meal was sit through a few movies of someone's vacation. "Fine," said Bill, "Bring them on."

"I think you'll find this movie a little different from most home movies you'll see," said Nadine as she loaded a cassette in the VCR. Bill leaned back on the couch and watched as the flickering screen changed to a shot that he soon recognized as the living room in which they were sitting. As he watched Nadine came into the picture, accompanied by a beautiful young brunette. 

"That's Julia," said Nadine. "She lives next door. She's just 20 years old and has only been married for three months. Her husband Chuck travels a lot in his job. I've been talking to her every day, keeping her company, and for three months I've been trying to talk her into some relaxing, therapeutic sex. This film shows the result."

As Bill watched the video, he saw Nadine gently kiss Julia on the lips. After an initial resistance, Julia returned the kiss and soon they could clearly see Nadine's tongue pushing between Julia's lips. As the kiss continued, Nadine's hand came up until she was lightly squeezing Julia's breast through her blouse. Her lips trailed down until she was kissing Julia's neck and her hand became bolder as she started to unbutton the blouse. Julia's head was thrown back and her eyes were closed and shortly the blouse was completely unbuttoned and Nadine pulled it free from her shorts and reached round to unclasp her bra. The bra was pulled away and Julia's big breasts sprang free. 

Nadine closed her lips over one of the ruby nipples, and began to pull on it, rolling the tip between her lips and gently pressing her lower teeth into the crinkled outer skin. The nipple rose to an even greater length. Like a root reaching for water, it reached out for further caresses. She gently kissed the other rosy young bud, tweaking and teasing it until its length corresponded with its greatly erected twin. Her lips wandered over the finely grained periphery of her soft body, tracing a moist shower of kisses, which the love-parched skin seemed to soak up instantly.

Bill felt his cock swelling in his pants and he reached down to adjust himself. Once he had his hand on his cock he began squeezing it through his pants and he looked over to see if Bob and Nadine had noticed. To his surprise he saw that Bob had pulled the straps of Nadine's dress down over her arms and her tits were now free. Bob was massaging her nipples as they watched the tape. When Nadine saw Bill looking at her, she spread her legs apart until he could see the white of her panties high up between her thighs.

Back on the screen Bill saw that Nadine had managed to strip Julia's shorts from her body and as he watched Julia fell back on the couch and Nadine immediately dived between her legs and began licking and sucking her cunt. The camerawork clearly showed Nadine's tongue prodding under the swollen outer lips, and her mouth pulling gently at the purplish inner lips. She took the tiny button of Julia's clitoris between her lips and, imprisoning it there, began to tease it with the tip of her tongue. Julia was obviously approaching a climax and as Bill watched she clenched her hands into fists and cried, "Oh God yes. Lick it. Lick my pussy. I'm cumming, don't stop."

On the other couch Bill saw that Nadine had pulled Bob's cock out of his pants and was pumping her fist up and down the shaft as they both stared at the screen. Then Bob's hand worked its way up under her skirt and soon Nadine's panties were pooled on the floor and Bob's fingers were busy in her cunt. Bill could hear the squishing sound as Bob worked his fingers in and out of her cunt. 

On the screen Nadine had stripped and Julia was now busily returning the favor, sucking her cunt and fondling her breasts. As Bill watched a shadow entered the picture and then Bob's naked body approached the couch, his big cock waving in front of his body. He clambered up on the couch behind Julia and started slowly pushing his cock into her cunt from behind. At the first touch on her pussy Julia jerked her head from between Nadine's thighs and tried to pull away. "It's only Bob," said Nadine as she pulled Julia's face back against her cunt, "He's decided to join us." 

Bob kept pushing his thick cock deeper and deeper into Julia until finally he was fully inside her, his balls smacking against her asscheeks as he fucked into her. His big cock was glistening with her secretions as he pistoned in and out of her now welcoming cunt. Bob reached under Julia's body and began squeezing her dangling breasts as his cock continued to saw in and out of her wetly enveloping pussy walls. He could feel the warm fleshy ridges of her cunt clinging to it and, looking down, he saw the ragged edges, pink and moist, as they clung hungrily to his heavily burgeoning cock. 

By now Bill had freed his cock from the confines of his pants and he was masturbating furiously as he watched the tape. He looked over again at the other couch and saw that Bob was now on his knees in front of Nadine with his head buried between her thighs as he sucked on her cunt. Nadine caught his eye as he watched and said, "Why don't you bring that thing over here before you hurt yourself." 

Bill immediately sprang over to the other couch and knelt on the cushions with his cock level with Nadine's mouth. She quickly reached up and grasped him, pulling the head inside her mouth. Then she tightened her lips and began to suck him. Bill started pumping his hips as his cock thrust deeper and deeper into her throat until his pubic hair was tickling her nose on each stroke. He looked back at the movie just in time to see Bob empty his cock into Julia's cunt, his buttocks clenching and unclenching as he pumped his load deep inside her.

This was too much for Bill and he threw back his head with a roar as 18 months of frustration released itself through the eye of his cock, his prodigious load squirting deep into Nadine's throat. She swallowed rapidly but could not keep up with the overwhelming flow and two trails of cum oozed from the corners of her mouth as her throat worked convulsively.

"That was magnificent," said Bill as his rapidly shrinking cock plopped from Nadine's mouth. Bob raised his head from between Nadine's thighs, his face smeared with her juices. "Julia's a great fuck, Bill," he said. "You should try her too."

Then Nadine said, "I have a plan..."

To Be Continued...