 I looked across the room where Rob was dancing with my wife Susan. Dancing was probably not the correct word. It was more like a standing dry fuck; their bodies were grinding together while his hands cupped the cheeks of her ass. They were enjoying a passionate full tongued kiss as they swayed to the soft music. I was sitting across the room in the corner of the sofa, with Rob's wife Vicki laying stretched out in front of me; her head on my lap. Her blouse was open and I was working my hand inside her half-bra fondling her tits. Her legs were spread and the hem of her skirt was just below her panty line. We were both hot and ready but were waiting for the other two to make the first move. The situation facing us was that my wife Susan had not yet consented to exploring the swinging life. She realized that we others wanted it, and while being very attracted to Rob she just had not been able to take the final step and give herself up to him. We had been in this exact situation several times previously and she had bailed out each time. Vicki, who could not see them, whispered to me, "what is he doing, has he got her panties off yet, God Jim I am so fucking horny."

We were in Maui where we had rented a two bedroom condo right on the beach. We had been good friends with Rob and Vicki for several years. They were a much more adventurous couple than we and I yearned to join them in their quest for swinging partners. They had shared each other with other people, and both of them were very interested in Susan and I. Unknown to Susan, Rob and I had fucked Vicki together on three occasions, and I wanted more of her. It had been their plan to get me involved first in case it was I that was preventing Susan from joining in. 

Rob had invited me to come for a drink at his home after golf one day. Vicki was prancing around in a bikini covered by a sheer short gown. She teased me for an hour or so and I was very aroused by the time that Rob excused himself to get something at the corner store. Within minutes Vickie was naked and on my lap facing me; her gown and bikini on the floor. She alternated tongue filled kisses with her nipples to my mouth; as my hand held her entire cunt, rubbing it and seeking her wet slit with my fingers. We fucked on the living room rug. Rob returned just after we finished and claimed the right for a wet deck with his wife. I sat on the couch and watched him strip and mount her on the floor right in front of me. God I was excited. 

Despite my desire to engage in a swinger type relationship I was not real certain about how I would react if I watched Susan fucking another guy. But it certainly aroused me to see Rob playing with her and to watch her excitement build. 

We had come to Maui together to see if the relaxed soft lifestyle might relax Susan and bring success. It was said that frigid women became aroused in Maui, and normal women turn wild and horny. We were hoping for a positive effect on Susan and I was wondering what effect it might have on Vicki who was already looking for it most of her day. This was the night I hoped to find out. 

My fingers worked the edge of Vicki's panties pulling them aside to expose her wet swollen lips. Ah God, is there any other feeling approaching the first look and touch of a pussy ready for you personally? I ran my finger along the middle of the slit. Vicki arched her back upwards as if trying to grab my finger with her cunt lips. I slipped one finger into her and felt her close her lips on it. She was ready for anything at this point, and so was I.

I looked over as Rob slowly lifted Susan's skirt up to her hips exposing her lace mini panties. He was standing behind her; her face turned for his kiss as he slipped a hand inside her panties. I held my breath as I watched his fingers moving beneath the material; her legs spreading to allow him room to get at her slit. His full hand was holding her mound and his fingers slipped between her legs and I heard her groan with pleasure and she began to move her hips back and forth as she felt his fingers part her cunt lips. 

I pulled a nice tit out of Vicki's bra while I slid the other hand into her panties for a better feel of her hot cunt. Vicki raised her head with her tongue extended looking for my mouth and plunged it in for me to suck. She said, "now , now, fuck me". I was in a quandary of sorts, horny as hell to fuck Vicki but wondering if Susan was going to give it up for Rob; I just could not take my eyes off of the two of them. 

Rob had Susan's panties down on the floor and was kneeling in front of her and had buried his head between her legs. Susan's back was against the wall, her bra straps were loose and she was holding her tits in her hands with her head thrown back and her eyes closed. I was thinking "don't lose it now Rob, you are almost home." Once Susan had a tongue in her slit she had always wanted a cock soon afterwards. Rob lifted one of her legs over his shoulder and we could hear the sound of his tongue lapping at her cunt. It was as if time stood still and the only sound was that of Susan having her pussy eaten. I knew success was near.

I stood up and dropped my pants and shorts and turned Vicki around on the couch with her feet on the floor. I pulled her panties off as she ripped off her blouse and bra, and she was totally naked within about 60 seconds. I was so damn hard, my cock looked like it had ribs in it and the knob was a throbbing purple. I looked down to see the open red gash of her cunt and my mouth watered with wanting to taste it but the desperation to sink my cock in her was even greater. I hunched down a bit, worked the knob around her slit until I located the hole and just rammed it in. Vicki's knees rose up and clamped on my extended arms and levered her hips upward to take all of me in her. I began to fuck Vicki and could only throw an occasional glance over to where Rob's boomerang was finally entering Susan's cunt from behind. 

He had turned her to face a mirror mounted on the wall. He held her hips and he was screwing her mercilessly. She was leaning against the mirror pushing back with her hands and her tits were bouncing off the mirror with each thrust of his cock. She was crying out with each slap of his belly on her ass. Rob is a big guy at about 6'4" or so and he made Susan look like a little toy as he pounded her pussy from behind, his big cock snaking in and out of her as she pushed back at him. His hands moved up and grabbed her tits as he straightened her out and began to cum. 

I gasped out to Vicki as we drove for our own release; "he's fucking her Vicki, almost has her off!" Vicki did not care; as I looked down at her desperate eyes she thrust her hips up at me and tightened her pussy around me. We thrashed and jerked to a conclusion and I collapsed down on her, my upper body laying on her. My face was in her tits as I began to recover. I pushed up and we smiled at each other as we enjoyed the last few aching strokes as I began to soften. 

We looked across the room just as Rob was leading Susan by the hand into his bedroom. Susan looked like she was in a trance of some sort; meekly following Rob; her skirt still partly hitched to her hips; her ass bare and tits hanging out under her unstrapped bra. Whatever Rob had to offer she was going have more. Vicki and I kissed passionately; I rubbed my face in her tits as my cock slipped out of her cunt. She whispered, "Let's go watch a bit". We finished stripping and stood in the doorway to their bedroom. Vicki nestled back into my lap with her hands behind my butt pulling me tight to her. 

Rob finished undressing Susan by the side of the bed and removed his shirt. Their eyes were only for each other and they came together in a crushing embrace with open mouths and searching tongues. Susan's tits were mashed against Rob's massive chest and her arms around his neck. His hands held her ass cheeks, massaging and squeezing them in obvious desperation to fuck her again. He pushed her to a sitting position on the side of the bed and then pulled her head towards his semi hard cock. He whispered "stiffen it up for me baby, use your mouth and tongue to get me up for your pussy again." I watched my wife use her hand to direct it to her mouth and then close her lips around the knob. Vicki's hand had found my cock and was working to perform the same miracle on me. 

It did not take long for Rob's shaft to begin bending upward instead of downward and he pushed about half of it into Susan's mouth. But it was more pussy he wanted and soon he pulled his cock slowly from her lips and motioned for her to get on the pillow. Vicki and I stood there long enough to see him mount her; his cock rubbing along her belly as it slid downwards; parting the lips easily and then slowly disappearing up her cunt. She moaned loudly, "oh my God I can feel it all the way." Her legs rose up over his back then settled down to clamp her heels on the back of his thighs, as if trying to contain his driving hips which started thrusting like a jackhammer between her legs. 

Vicki turned and pulled me away and we hustled across the room to our bedroom. There was no rush as we knew we had all the time we needed to do it right. Vicki was very attentive as our bodies mingled and rubbed on the bed. We tasted and fucked and rolled around in a sort of erotic luxury just wallowing in sex. We stayed together most of the night, drifting off to sleep and then fucking and then drifting off again. At sometime during the night the thought crossed my mind about hoping there were fresh sheets somewhere in the condo. 

About 6 am or so, I felt Susan crawl up behind me coiled around Vicki's butt. Susan's tits were on my back and she was kissing my neck. I whispered something like, "did you have fun?" She replied "ah damn yes, he was great, my pussy is sore but I want some loving from my hubby." I rolled around to face her and she raised one leg over my hip, totally exposing her body. We kissed as my hand slid between her legs, my palm rubbing her mound and bush, fingers feeling her still swollen cunt lips and the need quickly built between us. I worked my cock into her silently as we lay facing each other sideways; and I stroked slowly so as not to wake Vicki. I rolled Susan to her back. Her legs came up around my back and clamped on the back of my legs. We ground out a quiet toe curling orgasm with Vickie sound asleep beside us. 

The rest of our vacation went very nicely. The frantic need to swap eased somewhat and sex between Susan and myself had become much more intense than it had been. I suppose it was the freedom we both felt we had gained by fucking Vicki and Rob. There was a realization that we were in fact desirable to others. Susan's outlook had changed dramatically. She had made the move and enjoyed it and had not been struck down from on high. We still swapped some nights with Rob and Vicki, but it was usually only for one session in the evening and we ended up in our own beds by morning. One memorable morning however I enjoyed Vicki in a different unplanned manner. 

I was up early, just before sunrise as the day bloomed over the quiet waters of Lahaina Bay. We were on the eighth floor of this particular condo and the view over the water to the nearby islands was spectacular. I was wearing a robe as I drifted out to the veranda for an early morning view. Vicki was there leaning on the rail wearing a light robe. The morning light shone through the robe and I could see the shadow of her spread legs. The top of the V of her legs was so clear that I convinced myself I could see the shape of her cunt lips. I moved behind her and slipped my hands under her arms to her breasts in front. She turned her head with a smile and pressed her butt back into my lap. No words were necessary. My hands fumbled with the robe tie in front of her; opening it sufficiently to find her tits and caress them. I had a great early morning hard-on and was rubbing it between her cheeks. She turned her head again and we kissed softly and then more urgently as we began to realize we were going to fuck. I released her tits and lifted the back of her robe up around her hips. I opened my robe and moved my cock between her cheeks and eased it in along her wet cunt. On the way I teased her butt hole a bit but did not get a reaction. She moved her hips and adjusted her body to allow my cock to enter her pussy. 

On the beach below us, a man was taking a walk with his dog. The  possibility that he might lookup raised our excitement. My cock entered Vicki and with little slow jabs eased its way right into her until I was fully engulfed. She braced herself on the rail as I began to fuck her; slowly at first; then my hands found her tits and I squeezed them as our intensity increased. She lost it just as my first shot of cum seared her pussy and our bodies thrashed and our knees crumbled with only the rail holding us up. Her hips tightened and squeezed my cock and forced it out, cum and pussy juice running down the inside of her leg. She turned and we kissed a tongue filled kiss and she whispered, "Hmmm baby, what a wake-up". We slipped back into the condo and enjoyed a shower together; our partners none the wiser. 

Our trip to Maui had been a complete success. Susan had relented to her hidden desire to make it with another man, I had enjoyed the excitement of swapping with another man's wife, and our own sex life had taken on new urgency. The future of more of the same loomed and we left the beautiful island, owing it a return visit soon.