 This is a continuation of the very well-received series, "The Seduction of McKenzie Rose" which were originally posted in the 'Mature' category.

This will be the steamy grand finale between the good Professor and fair McKenzie, as well as their surprise guest, who fits in very well.

My suggestion is, before venturing further, dear reader, first read the initial installments, so you can play along at home with the characters. 

My goal as an author, as stated previously, is to induce you to cum along with the characters.

I'm quite confident that you shall. Loosen your zippers...........aaah, that's it.

*

John's eyes lit up when he heard the handcuffed McKenzie's blatant proposal. He stared at the sensational coed, whose cunt and anus were still oozing a combination of McKenzie's love juices as well as his saliva from the vaginal and anal licking he had just administrated upon his student.

His dick, already in a state of perpetual arousal from the adrenalin-charged marathon encounter with this sexual wildcat, grew even longer and thicker, which did not go unnoticed by McKenzie's watchful eyes. She had found it hard to take her gaze off of the professor's magnificent dick ever since she had seen it, felt it, sucked it, fucked it, all through the afternoon.

He pop-quizzed his restrained student, manacled to the bedpost. No running from this question, he thought. "Are you saying, McKenzie, that you would want....another woman....?" He truly didn't know what answer he would prefer the most, but he put nothing past McKenzie. Intelligent though she was, she didn't seem to even know how to spell 'no'. 

The doorbell rang again, distracting John momentarily. He had almost forgotten his other lover was at the door. The beautiful Jill was many things, and insistent was at the top of her list. She knew damn well John was in there, and with another woman, and she wasn't going anywhere until John answered the fucking door. 

Hell, virtually the whole town was gossiping about it now, that's how Jill had found out. Their ride around town had garnered much attention.

McKenzie leered at him with a sinister grin. How could someone so young have this much control over my mind, John thought to himself.

The young sex kitten replied, licking her lips, "Let's have you invite her up and we'll find out, shall we?"

John's curiosity got the best of him and he couldn't resist one more question as the doorbell rang for a third time. "Have you ever been with a woman before?"

McKenzie's eyes twinkled mischievously as she squirmed on the mattress. "Maybe," she teased. John headed out the bedroom door and down the steps. He then heard her whisper just loud enough so he could hear her. "And maybe not."

John shrugged. 'No one is ever gonna believe this story', he thought to himself as he walked down the steps, erect and naked, shaking his head in wonder. 'Oh, well, no sense getting all dressed up.'

He cracked open the front door, just a smidge, to see Trophy Wife Jill, his steady extra-curricular fuck, standing with hands on her curvy hips, tapping her tennis shoe resolutely on the front step. She was adorned head-to-toe in a sexy, designer tennis outfit, a tight, white blouse and SHORT ruffled skirt which displayed almost all of her tanned, toned, defined, muscled calves and thighs, gams which could easily put Anna Sharapova to shame.

Jill peered inside the door, looked down, and saw....IT. Despite her anger, she couldn't help but to suppress a smile. It was this sexy, irascible man's nature to do something so brazen and irreverent as to answer the door nude for one lover when another lover was quite obviously inside.

That's why Jill found the professor so fucking irresistible. Well, that, and that Superman cock of his.

Just like McKenzie, Jill couldn't help but to stare at John's perfect example of manhood as it waved a charming 'hello' to her, twitching and flopping in its semi-turgid condition. She pulled herself together, not permitting herself to be mesmerized by his cock, which she had long ago fallen helplessly 'in lust' with, and pushed her way in from the outer vestibule. 

"Where is she?" she asked, getting right to the point, immediately letting him know that SHE knew.

John didn't even try to equivocate or feign innocence. He wanted to play this out, he was 'all in' now, no bluffing. 

"Upstairs, naked, tied to the bed." He waited until Jill absorbed that one, and grinned internally when he saw her blink. She wasn't expecting that answer, that was for sure. 

"C'mon in, it's so good to see you, what a nice surprise." She wriggled from his attempt at a welcome hug, although at the same time, she was battling the urge to drop to her knees and swallow that long serpent of a cock.

From the master bedroom, McKenzie's sweet voice echoed down the stairwell, in her best little-girl, sing-song shrill inquiry. "Daddy, whoooooo IS it...?" 

John burst out laughing, he couldn't help himself despite the awkwardness of the situation and the potential ramifications. What a set of balls, figuratively of course, on this young minx, he chuckled. He just may have met his match in more ways than one with McKenzie. She already had something in her favor that Jill couldn't do with a whoopee cushion.

McKenzie made him laugh.

Jill raised an eyebrow when she heard McKenzie's voice, and John smiled at her, inwardly pleased at Jill's distaste for not being in control of a situation, for once. Truth was, although John LOVED to fuck Jill, she was a sexual partner of Olympian magnitude, he really didn't LIKE her very much. 

Yet,that didn't stop John from looking right up her tennis dress to admire her strong, tight ass, barely concealed in a tiny white tennis panties, as she walked up the stairs in front of him to investigate the scene of the crime.

Jill stopped dead in her tracks as she approached the bedroom door. Even from the corridor, she could see McKenzie's beautiful torso shackled to the bed frame, the same headboard that Jill had so often gripped in delirious frenzy as she herself was being fucked senseless by John's huge dick. 

McKenzie's arms were still spread wide, in a crucifix position, and Jill glanced down to see the puddle of moisture on the bed, glazing McKenzie's taut thighs.

John stood behind Jill, who was strangely speechless, and began to rub her shoulder with one hand while cupping her ass with the other, surreptitiously hooking his thumb into the waistband of her panties and beginning to ease them slowly over her buttocks.

"Hi!" McKenzie yipped merrily, not the slightest bit nonplussed at being seen in her condition by a woman she'd never met, a beautiful one in her own right. In fact, McKenzie felt yet another small twinge in her already dripping pussy as she saw the twinkle of admiration in Jill's eyes as Jill surveyed McKenzie's nubile body.

"Hi, uh, I'm Jill," Jill mumbled in reply, lifting her legs almost unconsciously as John peeled the panties off of her legs from beneath Jill's tennis skirt.

Her next sentence was purely instinctual, a profound and sincere reaction to what Jill saw in front of her, Mckenzie's heavenly, nude body. "Um....you're truly gorgeous."

McKenzie's smile illuminated the room with pure joy. She watched in return as John took his hands, gripped Jill by the hips, and eased her short skirt to the floor, Jill kicking off her shoes as he did so, seemingly hypnotized now with unwitting sexual desire.

"Thank you, you look quite beautiful yourself. I'm McKenzie, nice to meet you." 

Jill lifted her arms over her head as John expertly relieved Jill of her blouse and athletic bra, and Jill stood before McKenzie, equally naked now. John took inventory of the striking contrasts between the two astounding woman's bodies.

Jill had recently turned forty-five, though her physique was that of a woman half her age, long and lean, with an athletic body that would put to shame that of almost all aerobic instructors. There was not an ounce of fat on Jill, and her proportioned, firm, all-natural tits accentuated the rest of her hard body perfectly. Her pink button nipples were in a constant state of erect arousal, and her ass was that of a college sprinter, which she was more than two decades ago. 

Quarters ran away in fear from Jill because it hurt them when they bounced off of her six-pack abs. She had smooth, tanned skin and kept her golden blonde hair in a tight bob so that it didn't interfere with her many physical activities, not the least of which was fucking the good professor several times a week in steamy, extra-marital trysts.

Jill awoke from her dream-like trance, shaking herself back to reality, realizing that the situation in which she now found herself was indeed very real. She was acutely aware of John's knowing hands beginning to stroke teasingly between her legs. The bastard always knows EXACTLY how to touch me, Jill thought, every fucking time, it's like he owns the instruction manual to jump-start my clit. 

Although Jill's body was reacting involuntarily to the scene and to John's hand, her mind snapped into recognition at McKenzie's introduction. 

"McKenzie, hmmmmm." Jill's memory was in overdrive. "How many beautiful McKenzie's can there be in town, anyway? By chance, you didn't happen to break a date with a handsome young man named Sean last evening, did you, McKenzie?"

Jill smirked, confident that she had regained some emotional control over the circumstances, wanting to demonstrate to McKenzie that she was a more than worthy opponent despite their age difference of a generation.

Sean was Model Beefcake Boy, the young model stud about McKenzie's age whom she had indeed blown off last night in lieu of her pending escapades with the good Professor, who now ran one hand over Jill's reddish-pink nipple, which reminded McKenzie of a tasty M and M candy.

But again, instead of being the least bit embarrassed, McKenzie's eyes lit up even more brightly. "OH MY GOD," she squealed in her best valley girl imitation. She looked at Jill intently, seeing the resemblance immediately. "You look JUST like him, what a small world, you're his MOTHER, aren't you?"

The delicious irony did not escape John, who began to steer Jill towards the bed where McKenzie lay, spread-eagled and still cuffed. He knew that above all else, Jill was a complete sex junkie, who could not resist any and all things carnal. He taunted her with his silent manipulations of her always-responsive body, nibbling on her earlobe while pressing one finger deeper into Jill's saturated cunt. Jill groaned softly, held sexual captive by one knuckle, a complete submissive to his every touch.

"Think about it, Jill. McKenzie blew off your son to fuck ME, and I blew you off to fuck McKenzie, and now she and I are both going to end up fucking YOU........" 

The older woman flinched as John massaged her clit now, taking Jill to the edge, using the allure of his own talented fingers and tongue and prodigious cock as well as McKenzie's beauty. It was like dangling a syringe in front of a addict.

He lifted Jill up so that she had no choice but to climb onto the bed, and with his powerful arms, he lowered her directly in front of McKenzie's angelic face. He kicked Jill's legs far apart, and watched with fascination as McKenzie's long tongue snaked into Jill's glistening cunt.

John bent his head so that he was almost directly beneath Jill's luscious ass, and he could already see Jill's juices cascading down her muscular thighs as McKenzie performed her oral magic on Jill with the same zeal and skill with which she had sucked John's dick earlier this afternoon.

John began to lap at Jill's pink, puckered rear hole, and the surprise intrusion, combined with McKenzie's lapping of Jill's needy pussy, sent Jill into orgasmic orbit that quickly. Her knees buckled so violently that John had to catch her as she shuddered, supporting her weight by holding her buttocks firmly, and he took the opportunity to snake his tongue directly into Jill's bung hole, and he tongue-fucked her asshole from behind while McKenzie, the breathtaking model, licked the hot cunt of the male model's mom.

With his other hand, John positioned his cock and speared it in one thrust into McKenzie's sopping, vise-like cunt, and her groans were muffled by Jill's pussy surrounding and engulfing her mouth.

John looked out of the corner of his eye into the mirror over his dresser at the unspeakably erotic vision of a triple-X fantasy being lived out by this implausible trio. The blonde, mature MILF Jill standing tall, legs spread wide above the shackled young dark-haired coed who, up to last night, was intent to fucking her handsome son.

Instead, she eagerly licked Jill's bright pink labia, spreading like petals in springtime, while John had his face buried in the married woman's anus and simultaneously fucked his student's tight young cunt.

John continued to plow deep into McKenzie's pussy and he lowered his head away from Jill's drenched anus and replaced it with a finger, dipping it into Jill's stretched bowel. Taking her cue, McKenzie dropped her own head from Jill's tasty cunt, and stuck a finger of her own into the older woman's snatch, and McKenzie took John's tongue into her own mouth, and they kissed and fucked while digitally assaulting Jill's helpless cunt and ass.

Realizing intuitively that Jill was about to collapse, he eased his cock out of McKenzie's pussy with an audible, 'POP', a loud squishy echo punctuating his cock's departure from the coed's tunnel. He leaned up, and gently took Jill's slender hips in his grasp and placed her onto the bed on her back, nectars of cum and saliva oozing out of her glistening slit.

He reached over to the night stand, and found the key to the handcuffs, and McKenzie huffed an audible sigh of relief. But, instead of freeing his prisoner, instead he only released the cuff off of McKenzie's right arm, keeping her left hand chained to the bedpost. With the dangling cuff, he leered evilly at first Jill, then McKenzie, who instantly understood what he planned to do.

McKenzie was now in the full throes of a sexual Stockholm Syndrome, still held captive, but now, over time, she would resist any rescue attempts. She had become a wiling accomplice to John's master plan. As long as she could have that magnificent cock in her, McKenzie reasoned, I'll endure any punishment.

Both women simultaneously felt a warm hand cup and begin to rub circles on their ass cheeks. He was kneading them. Massaging them. He took two fingers on each hand and penetrated both of their pussies at the same time, one belonging to his married lover, and the other to his young student, and each were equally sizzling. 

John moved the fingers in and out in the same rhythm and speed for both, in perfect synchronicity. The women cried out in tandem, like hungry, fidgety kittens from a newborn litter, and pushed back against his fingers, and begged for more. He added a third finger. Repeating and switching up the motions. Then added a fourth. Eight fingers in two cunts at the same time, David Copperfield couldn't pull of this magic trick. They were sooooo ready for to be sooooo fucked.

The women obviously couldn't move because of their position. So John used that to his advantage. All of a sudden he shoved his cock inside of Jill. Sinking deep into her heat. Her wetness drenching him. He pushed hard. Then he pulled out. Then he moved to McKenzie. He pushed himself into her pussy, pushing deep and hard. Then out again. Then into Jill. Pushing in hard and fast, pulling out slowly. Then back into McKenzie. Then back into Jill. Then back into McKenzie. 

Each of the women's scorching cunts was getting a 60-second vaginal workout with him. Then, John speeded up and the penetration lasted longer with each woman as he savored the difference in the texture and silkiness of their respective pussies, orchestrating their orgasms like a maestro conducting a two-cunt orchestra. 

While he fucked one with his cock, he fingered the other, occasionally smacking the pussy in front of him, driving them absolutely fucking delirious. 

"What a fucking stud," moaned Jill at one point to her younger impromptu partner, chained together at the wrists, who could only yelp and pant in affirmation.

Both women were crying out, making little mewling sounds, panting and cursing and beseeching God to evoke their cum, literally begging to be consummated. 

He decided he wanted to fuck McKenzie into a climax first, he owed her that much, at the very least. He took her and flipped her over onto her side, making sure the cuffs did not stretch so far as to injure her. He pulled her as far to the edge of the bed as she could go, and took Jill's head in his hands and implored her to watch, not that Jill needed any extra urging. 

John filled McKenzie in a quick, hard, measured strokes, his cock banging at her cervix now, his heavy balls lapping her firm ass. He began to pump her. Harder. Faster. Then short strokes again...then long, deep strokes, oh so fucking deep within her, varying them alternately. 

He looked into McKenzie's blazing eyes and leaned over and took a rock-hard nipple in his mouth and sucked deeply. Speeding up he fucked her savagely. Holding nothing back. 

With a violent shudder, her big, firm breasts heaving, McKenzie came all over him, screeching, pulsating, and quivering. He was soaked by her gushes of wetness. He uncuffed her, slipping his fingers into McKenzie's mouth so she could taste her own sweet young cum.

Then he looked over at Jill who had been watching and touching herself with her free hand. He turned her back onto her stomach, mercifully releasing the handcuff so that he could take her in this position, he simply loved Jill's butt. 

Her ass was high in the air, but her breasts and torso lay flat on the bed. He stabbed at her, thrusting fast and deep, giving no quarter. He continued this relentless thrusting for what seeemd to Jill an eternity, he was more durable than any sybian. 

He stopped for a brief moment and held still within her when he came too close to spilling, gaining a second wind. He knew she was close by all the sounds and movements of her body, and the clenching of her experienced kegel muscles milking his cock. It was perhaps the one trick that McKenzie's young cunt hadn't mastered. Yet.

With one last plunge he drove home deeper than Jill could have ever fathomed, and with a grunt that shook the walls, Jill, too, came splashing around John's turbo-charged cock.

By now, having completely sated two seemingly insatiable women, John was ready to cum, finally. Pulling out of Jill's gaping cunt, he ordered the women on their knees in front of him. They obliged, in competition with each other now to catch his seed like groupies waiting for Elvis' hanky.

John stroked his thick long cock until he began to feel that tingle. That feeling that it was about to happen. He unleashed the flow of his massive load of cum in creamy spurts on the women's faces below. The liquid ran down their faces, necks, and dripped onto nipples, trailed down their stomachs. 

He almost came on the spot again when the women spontaneously turned to one another and started kissing deeply, licking his man-juice off their faces, and following the trail wherever it went, lapping and licking the delicious sticky treat all up. 

Jill and McKenzie looked up at him dreamily when they were finished, like two harem members admiring their conquering master. They pulled him to the bed in a tangle of sweaty, cum-covered bodies. Then all three began to kiss, so that they all shared their pussy juices and his cum.

It was the most erotic experience of any of their lives.

The following weekend, McKenzie's pussy vigorously plunged up and down on handsome young Sean's meaty cock. Sean, the Model Beefcake son of Jill, who was enjoying the fucking of his life, was blissfully unaware that this sophisticated slut had eaten his mother's pussy just a few days prior.
