 The sun was setting on the horizon and the clouds seemed to glow like massive pillows of gold and the surrounding sky was an amazing blend of turquois, deep pink and twilight blue while the sky directly above and behind darkened into a startling indigo. We were only about 30 miles from our destination and I was captivated with the big skies of the southwest and the enchantment of the high desert landscape. This was my first time out west and I was falling in love with it. Where I came from, all you saw were trees so this wide open space with its dramatic colors, mesa's, sagebrush and small pine trees was captivating to me. Soon we were approaching the mountains and navigating through a stunning canyon that eventually revealed our destination. The sun had set and the city lights in the valley that lay before us were shimmering and elegant. We found our way to the Marriot hotel Samantha's dad had booked for us and settled into our room. Samantha and I had taken turns driving for 2 long days and we were too exhausted to go down to the restaurant so we ordered room service, showered, and started unpacking. We had the room for a whole week and all 5 of my interviews were tomorrow so it was a relief to know there would be plenty of time to relax and explore the city.

The next morning I woke up refreshed and anxious to get started. The cute little business suit I'd brought with me would surely impress my perspective employers. It was black with faint blue pinstripes and hugged my body perfectly. I left an extra button undone on the french blue collared dress shirt I was wearing just to show off a little cleavage. Being a bit of a tease was always fun for me and I'd learned to use my petite assets to get my way when necessary. With a map of the city, a handful of resume's in my attache, and my best friend Samantha in tow I was on my way.

The first four interviews went well for me but I was totally unimpressed by the companies I'd applied to and even further unimpressed with the manager's that had conducted the interviews. The last company on my schedule for the day was a small accounting firm that needed a new bookkeeper and because of how the day had gone so far I felt like my options were dwindling. Samantha parked the car in the tiny parking lot, gave me a good luck kiss and a few words of encouragement. I walked into the small office building that appeared to be occupied only by the firm and was greeted by a cute, young receptionist who was probably only a few years older than me and smiled in a warm, friendly way that made me feel welcomed. She introduced herself as Amber and told me they were all excited to meet me and had been looking forward to my arrival. 

I followed her back to an office, announced me to the person I was to interview with, then told me to go in as she introduced me to Steven who was one of two partners in the firm. I shook his hand as he greeted me and looked me over. Steven's handshake was firm and friendly, and he was an incredibly sexy man probably in his late thirties. He had dark, wavy hair, was clean shaven and a he had a slightly rugged look that sent a momentary jolt of electricity straight to my little pussy. He took a seat behind his desk and asked how my drive had been out to New Mexico from the east coast then told me a little about the firm and about himself. Apparently he had spent some time as an Army Ranger which helped explain his masculine build and obvious self-confidence.

Just as I was starting to talk a little about myself the door to the office opened and in walked a woman who introduced herself as Steven's wife Vicky. She was a striking woman about 5' 8", probably the same age as Steven, with an hourglass figure and full, round breasts that made themselves obvious right away. She was showing a little cleavage and her breasts were so beautiful she must have had a little augmentation and lift done. Her skin was tan and she had these light, sexy freckles on her chest. Her long, thick mane of honey blonde hair was pulled back into sort of a Nina Dobrev pony tail which allowed me to notice her captivating jade green eyes and she was wearing a gorgeous black and white bodycon mini dress that was much hotter than anything I would dare to wear myself, but her presence was actually very elegant with a subtle but commanding manner.

I stood to shake her hand and introduced myself, telling her how grateful I was for their time and consideration for this job. Vicky told me to have a seat as she turned to sit on the corner of Steven's desk. The two of them took turns asking me about my education and the accounting internship I'd served during my last year in college. I had served as an intern at a large accounting firm in my senior year to make sure I had some hands-on experience that would help me get a job after graduation and they both seemed impressed with my description of the duties I'd performed. They said they were looking to replace the bookkeeper that had just left and that I was the perfect candidate. Steve looked at Vicky and asked her what she thought, Vicky said she thought they should hire me and made me an offer right there. She went on to explain that they had just taken on a new client that was a mid-sized corporation who was expecting their full and immediate attention so a new bookkeeper was essential to taking on this new client. Steven added that I would start tomorrow, all my financial expenses would be taken care of and Vicky would help me lease a house. I told them I didn't have a car so Steven assured me he would take care of that. His partner, Michael, had a car that wasn't being used and Steven was sure Michael would agree to let me drive it as long as I needed.

Things were moving very fast here and the sudden rush of it all had my adrenaline going. I didn't even know these people and I would be putting myself in a situation where my whole life would be so different. But this was exactly what I wanted to do and this was what I had come out here for to begin with. Vicky and Steven were taking just as much of a risk on me as I was with them, so why not take advantage of their generosity? They seemed like nice people and were obviously running a successful business. My mind turned to how flirtatious Steven and Vicky had been during the interview, not so much verbally as physically. Steven had a way of looking at me where I could tell he was interested in more than just our conversation, and even though he was married to Vicky I couldn't stop myself from finding him an incredibly sexy older man. I knew that tonight when I got to bed my fingers would be gently moving in and out of my pussy thinking about him and I honestly felt comfortable around both of them.

Vicky was the first to break the silence that lingered while I considered everything that was happening. She offered to take me shopping for a few outfits that afternoon so I would feel confident and comfortable in the high level meetings that would be taking place this week and to consider the new clothes a sign-on bonus. I was a sucker for new fashion so I promised them I would start right away and we all shook hands to seal the deal. Vicky gave me a few minutes to fill Samantha in so I could tell her the good news. 

Samantha was shocked that I had made such a bold decision but she seemed just as excited about the whole thing as I was. She decided to go back to the hotel and wait for me there while Vicky and I went shopping and she made me promise to tell her the whole story when I got there. Vicky pulled around in a sexy little blue Mercedes SL with the top down, she waved for Samantha to come over and meet her. As Vicky and Samantha were chatting it up I noticed something behind the seat on the passenger side and could quite make out what it was. It had a rounded top and looked like it was covered in leather, it actually looked like some kind of saddle but I had never seen anything like it. I thought I would just ask Vicky what it was on our way to the mall.

We drove down a boulevard apparently heading toward the mall so quickly asked Vicky what the gadget behind the seat was and she called it a Sybian machine. I told her I didn't have a clue what a Sybian was and she promised she would show it to me when we finished our shopping. In just a few short minutes we'd reached the mall and Vicky parked in front of the Macy's; this was going to be fun.

The shopping went a lot faster than I'd expected, they had a great selection and I fell in love with three new dresses right away that fit perfectly and to my pleasant surprise were actually very sexy. Vicky wanted to help me pick out a few pair of pantyhose since I'd never worn them before and I was finally able to convince her I wanted the totally sheer panel's. I also picked up a pair of black thigh high stay up's in case the pantyhose didn't work out so I would have an option. Vicky told me to leave on my favorite of the three dresses so I could walk out of the store feeling sexy and to put on the pantyhose to see how they feel. I decided to wear the thigh high's instead and didn't tell her, I wasn't sure if I was quite ready for the whole pantyhose thing. The dress I chose to wear was a super cute little sleeveless, backless dress that hugged my figure like a thin polyester glove that made me feel almost like I wasn't wearing anything at all. The neckline was sexy but still practical that plunged just to my cleavage and was cut straight accross my chest with sporty little straps. It was a light gray and white block pattern I thought suited my style. I had chosen a pair of 5" suede black stiletto platform's with a stylish almond toe that would go with all of my new dresses.

By the time we were heading back to the office it was already dark and everyone had gone home for the day. Vicky asked me to grab the Sybian machine from behind the seat and I followed her into the building. She turned on a few lights and led me back to Steven's office where she told me to put it down on the rug. The floor of Steven's office was a warm colored cork that must have cost a fortune, there was a gorgeous afghan rug in the center with a rustic looking coffee table in front of a black leather sofa. Steven's desk was a rich, dark wood with a leather paneled top. Vicky pulled the coffee table aside to make room for me to put down the Sybian and plugged the power cord into a brass electrical outlet built into the floor. She placed a flesh colored rubber attachment on the top of it that kind of looked like a submarine.

For the life of me I still couldn't figure out what she was going to do with this thing but she stepped away from it and told me to sit down on it like I was mounting a saddle. Vicky moved around and knelt down on the rug in front of me on the leather step stool that came with it so that we were face to face. She picked up the controller, pushed the red switch and the Sybian started to vibrate. At first I was really startled because I hadn't known what to expect in the first place, but my initial shock was quickly replaced by an overwhelming sensation that gripped me in an unbreakable spell that launched me into an erotic state that I'd never felt before. Vicky swung around and pulled the bottom of my dress up over my ass so my pussy was making direct contact with the machine. Vicky didn't know I was wearing my new thigh high's instead of the pantyhose so my naked ass was completely exposed to her and to my surprise she lightly ran her hands over my flesh for a short moment then spanked me with a single swift stroke that sent a shocking jolt straight through my sexual center. I felt an uncontrollable surge of heat taking me over and I could feel my pussy immediately responding, I was as wet as I'd ever been and my automatic reaction was to lean forward placing my hand on the leather bench in front of me, my naked ass jutting out behind me. Vicky used both hands to gently pull my hair back out of my face and as she held my hair in her hands she softly blew some cool air on my neck sending shivers straight to my nipples which hardened to point where they ached. I hadn't put my bra back on before leaving the store earlier and I felt them pushing against the silky material of my new dress in a way that was teasing me even further into an erotic state that seemed to be overloading my senses.

I lowered my head and leaned into the machine to put more pressure on my clit as I felt an impending orgasm building deep inside me that was going to be impossible to stop. I didn't want to stop it anyway and didn't think I could have stopped it if I'd wanted to. Vicky pulled on my hair in a way that lifted my head back up and I automatically pushed my chest forward to put more pressure on my hardened nipples. In a flash I felt a pair of strong, thick fingers grab both of my nipples and pinch them so firmly I thought I was going to pass out. As my tight little cunt started to spasm into orgasm I opened my eyes for a moment and saw Steven kneeling before me. I had been catapulted into such a heightened state of ecstasy that I didn't hear him come into the office and it was Steven who had my throbbing nipples between his thumbs and forefinger's; pinching them and tugging at them in a way that probably only an experienced, mature man could. The muscles in my pussy were tightening and releasing in orgasm and my wetness had covered the rubber mound on the Sybian lubricating it as I grinded against it in a slow but deliberate swiveling motion. A sexy little moan escaped my lips as I felt the embarrassment of cumming like a little slut in front of these two people I barely knew. As I felt another wave of orgasm come over me Vicky slapped my naked ass again with a single, swift stroke that caused me to cry out in what sounded like a whimper and more of my fluids were leaking out onto the machines saddle so much much that I felt it on the inside of my thighs.

Steven was still clamping down on the nipple of my right breast but his other hand was now in his crotch and he was squeezing himself through the trousers of his suit. My immediate reaction was to reach out with my right hand and cup him with a desperate intention to feel his hardness and his heat. I found myself leaning into him lowering my head into his chest draping my left arm over his masculine shoulder pulling his upper body against mine. I lifted my head up and nuzzled my face into his neck as I continued cumming on the saddle of that machine. Steven's flesh smelled like lavender aftershave and his skin was warm. I kissed his neck and squeezed the thick bulge of his crotch. Lost in the moment that embraced me in a way that only my most extreme fantasies had ever allowed me to imagine I felt a slight pressure at the entrance to my ass as Vicky worked a hot little finger around the rim of my sensitive little knot. I had often slid the tip of my finger into my own ass while I fingered my pussy masturbating and she was massaging my little rosebud just the way I liked it.

Steven stopped tugging on my nipple but stayed on the floor in front of me with my mouth nuzzling his neck while he reached down with both hands to undo his belt and unzip his trousers. My eyes were open, watching him reveal to me what was surely to be a thick, rigid cock that had been struggling to be free of his silky royal blue briefs. He reached inside his briefs and brought his cock out into the open as I watched with my head now buried in his masculine chest. He had a nest of thick, dark hair that surrounded a beautiful cock as thick as a bicycle pump with nice big veins almost looked crude. He was uncircumsised and as he pulled back the hood he revealed a wide bulbous head with a spongy texture that surely would feel wonderful if it were nestled just inside my tight little cunt. He was leaking a flattering amount of slick juice and all I could think about at that moment was touching him.

I reached down with both hands taking his cock in my right hand and his balls in my left and as I fondled his heavy ball sac with one hand I squeezed the head of his cock as hard I could, pressing my thumb hard against the sensitive underside of where the shaft meets the head. A good flow of his pre cum leaked out over the head and onto my fingers as I began to massage the fluid into his skin, rubbing it all round the head of his cock as it seemed to start twitching from my attentions. In a naughty gesture I let go of his dick long enough to bring my fingers to my open mouth and licked them clean to taste it and feel it in my mouth. His musky scent was rising up to my nostril's and it was heightening my need for more. I felt an overwhelming desire to take this further than what any of us probably expected.

As if reading my mind Vicky stood up behind me, she still had my hair in her hands which forced me to stand up with her. I looked down to see my slick juices covering the flesh colored part of the machine and I felt myself dripping down onto the insides of my thighs just above my stocking tops. Vicky led me over to Steven's leather topped desk. She turned me around and told me to sit my ass up on the desk, which I did willingly; hoping that Steven was at last going to put his cock inside me. As I sat there she opened one of the drawers of Steven's desk and the next thing I knew she was putting a leather collar around my neck. The collar had a gold plated ring attached to the front with gold studs on the band itself. As she gently strapped the buckle in place at the back of my neck I felt I was about to be taken in a way that I'd always fantasized about. Of course I never thought that this particular fantasy would actually happen but here I was in the hands of these two people who were essentially strangers and it was all I could do to keep myself from begging them to have me.

I almost felt faint as she finished buckling the collar and she pulled my hair back again, gently gathering it in her hands only to tighten her grip enough for me to feel like she was in control of everything. Steven stood up and walked over to me sitting there on the desk, my pussy dripping and he got down on his knees in front of me taking the back of my legs in his strong hands and spreading them apart so that my pussy was completely exposed; the platform stiletto's on my feet made me feel so dirty and I was still wearing my new dress. He leaned in slowly toward my leaking pussy and drew a long hard breath through his nose. He was smelling me, breathing in my scent as he opened his mouth and ran his tongue from the bottom of my slit upward toward my clit where he closed his mouth again and sucked my hard swollen nub into his mouth, trapping it between his tongue and his teeth. My hips reacted by rising up in the air to force more of my pussy into his mouth and I knew I was going to cum again. He let go of my legs to put his hands under my ass pressing his thick thumbs into my slippery cunt. 

As my orgasm began and the walls of my cunt clamped down on Steven's thumbs I felt Vicky pull down the straps of my dress to expose my breasts. The cool air felt good on my tit flesh but my nipples were aching again from being so hard. Steven rested my ass back down on his desk and stood up to lean forward and take one of my aching buds into his mouth and at the same time slid two thick fingers into my twat. I placed the heels of my feet on his shoulders being careful not to hurt him with my stiletto's and I felt like a slut at their mercy as I started humping against his hand. Vicky opened another drawer in the desk and pulled out a thick, gold chain like a dog leash with a leather handle on the end. Now I was theirs to with with as they pleased and I was all too happy about it. Steven started moving his fingers slowly in and out of my pussy going a little deeper each time until he found what must have been my G-spot. I whimpered out loud and tried to lay back on the desk but Vicky stayed behind me keeping me upright almost in a sitting position. 
