 Eddie looked up at the sun, judging its angle in the sky, then turned his back to it and saw his shadow directly in front of him. That's where he laid is towel on the sand. He quickly peeled off his shirt and undid his shorts, dropping both to the far end of the towel to use as a pillow. Adjusting his cock in the tight pouch of his black Speedo bathers, he laid back and let the sun pour down on his skin.

He'd brought a book, but didn't open it yet. After the swim, he thought; for now, he was just thrilled to be lying supine in the sun, nearly nude, the perspiration beginning to glaze his skin. He loved being at the beach, particularly Brighton Beach. There are always so many beautiful young Russian women, in skimpy bikinis which they pull even tighter against their hard, firm bodies. Triangle tops are adjusted to cover just the bare minimum for legal purposes; girls lying on their bellies tuck the fabric covering their asses into the crack, making impromptu thongs. Eddie watched his neighbours from behind the anonymity of his dark glasses and felt his cock begin to swell against the fabric of his Speedos. But it was time for a swim, time to get into the water.

It was crowded, a hot summer Sunday that brought a good portion of the neighbourhood to the edge of the sea, this meeting of sand and shore. He swam out a bit in the gentle swells of salt water, and then got a bit of exercise by swimming parallel to the beach between three or four lifeguard stands. Eddie loved the feeling in his chest as his muscles propelled him through the water. When he was done, he stayed there, floating on his back, watching the beach, checking out the girls coming off their towels to the water's edge before gradually slipping into the surf.

One girl in particular caught his eye. She had short blonde hair and wore a small red string bikini which barely covered her petite frame and tiny tits, the ties highlighting her slender hips. Eddie thought he recognised her from a blanket near to his own. If he recalled correctly, she was alone. He imagined how nice it would be to suck on those tits; it was a particular attraction for him. Making his way out of the surf he passed close by her. She was pretty too, and for a moment their eyes met as Eddie realised she was checking him out as well. And why not, he worked hard to keep his body in good shape, despite his years. Though the cool water checked his previous erection, he still supported a decent sized bulge in the pouch of his Speedos. Back at his towel, Eddie laid down on his belly letting the sun dry the droplets of water from his back. He took out his book and lit a cigarette, happy and feeling wonderful on the beach, among the Russians.

A few minutes later he saw her again, directly in front of him. Ah, he thought, nice. She laid on her back and flexed her knees, spreading her legs a little bit, giving him an unimpeded view of her crotch. Eddie's eyes flitted back and forth between his novel and the girl's red triangle of fabric. Thoughts of licking her danced through his mind and he felt his cock swell slightly again. Not wanting to tan unevenly, he turned over again on his back, holding the book over his head to shield the sun from his eyes, losing sight of the girl in red. He slipped his hand into the waistband of his Speedos to adjust his thickening cock and felt the first dribbling of precum, but knew better than to linger there. He wiped the salty drop on his nipple and concentrated on his novel. 

It was hot, and soon Eddie began to think again about taking a dip in the sea again. When a shadow passed over him and he saw the wiggle of a slender ass clad in red, he put his book down and followed the girl. She certainly has a lovely bottom as well, he thought. As the girl waded in waist-deep and slowly sank to cool her torso, Eddie strode past and dived into the water, a mild way of showing off; when he came up and wiped the water from his eyes he was pleased to see that she was looking at him again. He didn't swim this time, just bobbed treading water for a few minutes, just long enough to soak away the perspiration. He waded back to the beach and sat with his arms over his bent knees, watching until she too came out of the surf, feeling himself get aroused again.

As she walked dripping seawater up the slope towards her towel, Eddie lit another cigarette and once again lay back on his elbows. He left his book alone and just watched, the direction of his eyes hidden behind the dark glasses until her hips swayed just feet from him. He held that position for a moment as though he were looking past her, then closed his eyes and laid his head back on the pillow of his clothes thinking about fucking her. So he was surprised a minute later when he heard someone speaking Russian beside him.

"What?" he said, opening his eyes to see the girl's tiny tits just inches from his eyes. She repeated, in English, "Excuse me, but do you have a light?"

Eddie reached for his matches and handed them to the girl. She lit her cigarette and said, "thank you," but didn't leave her position. "I like your nipple ring," she said without embarrassment. "Does that mean that you're gay?"

"No," Eddie said, "just that I like to have my nipples played with; a lot of girls ignore that part of the body when having sex. Some men apparently don't like it, but I do. And I wanted it to be obvious what I like."

"May I touch it?" she asked.

"Sure," he said her hand descending to his chest, lightly tracing over his right nipple and the running around the outline of the ring.

"It's nice," she said. "I'd be afraid to have that done. Did it hurt?"

"A little bit," Eddie replied. "But a little pain can be very pleasurable, don't you think?"

"I do," she said, "sometimes more than a little." She tugged on the ring, sending a little jolt to Eddie's crotch.

"Hey, now," he said, "keep that up and you'll get me aroused."

The girl released the ring and slowly and sensuously dragged her fingers down his chest and through the fine hairs of his belly, stopping to rest her palm over his stiffening Speedo-clad cock. "I'd like to see that, actually," she said, taking a drag on her cigarette and slowly exhaling the smoke. "And more," she added. "My name is Lara. Would you like to go and get a drink?"

"Eddie," he said by way of introduction, "and that would be nice; where should we go?"

"I have some vodka at my apartment; I only live a few blocks away. Let me gather my stuff."

She stood up then and again Eddie marvelled at her trim and slender figure. He quickly packed away his book and cigarettes, slipping on his shorts. He'd wait until they were out of the crowd before shaking the sand from his towel and putting on his shirt. Walking over to Lara, she too had quickly put her few things into a carry-bag. She slipped a sundress over her head, adjusting it against her slender frame. "I guess I don't need this now," she said, untying the bows of her bra and slipping it from beneath the halter of her dress. "This is still damp too," she said as she reached below the hem and quickly undid the bows at her hips. The red triangles of fabric fell into her hands. "And not just from the ocean," she added, whispering it into Eddie's ear as she dropped the bottom into her carry-bag. Eddie could just smile and he took her hand as they walked towards the boardwalk. His cock was tight now in his trunks and if it hadn't been for the loose fit of his shorts he would have been sporting a distinct bulge.

Eddie folded up his towel and took her hand again. "Tell me more about that ring," she said. "Do you like having it sucked?" 

"I do," he said, "very much." 

"I like that idea," she said. "You're right, many men don't, but I don't know why. I love having my nipples sucked, most girls do. Why shouldn't men?"

"And what else do you like, Lara?"

"Oh," she said, "I don't know, same as most girls I guess. Sucking cock, having my pussy licked, being fucked in a variety of positions." She stopped walking and looked up into his eyes. "Being spanked."

"That's not all that typical," Eddie said, "in fact, it's rather special. I've attempted that on a few women, but not all of them are willing to submit to being taken over my knee."

"You mustn't have fucked many Russian girls," she laughed. They stopped in front of a pre-war apartment house and she led the way into the lobby, unlocking the front door. "I live here with a roommate, Olga. But we each have our own bedrooms, and she won't be home for a while." When they got into the lift and the doors closed, she turned to Eddie and kissed him, slipping her tongue into his mouth and sliding her hand over his erection. "Nice," she said when they broke off the kiss, then she leant over and kissed his pierced nipple. "Is that how you like it?" she asked straightening up again as the doors slid open again.

"Only harder," Eddie said as they left the lift and walked down the hall. Lara opened the apartment door and dropped her bag, showing Eddie to the couch. "Let me get us that drink," she said disappearing into the little kitchen. It was a pleasant flat, filled with light. The windows were opened and a cool breeze blew in off the ocean a block away. Lara came back into the sitting room with two glasses of icy vodka and handed one to Eddie. Then she stepped back and undid the tie behind her neck and dropped the sundress in a puddle of cloth around her ankles. "Prost" she said, downing half the glass and kicking the dress aside.

She was beautiful. Her deep tan and the pale flesh usually hidden beneath her skimpy bikini highlighted her smooth shaved mound, the delicate flaps of the labia protruding from between her legs. The nipples of her tiny tits erect as Eddie's cock, two little brown bullets surrounded by quarter-sized areolas. Eddie took a sip of his vodka. "You like?" she asked.

"You're a very dirty girl," Eddie said, "exposing yourself to a man you just met."

"I know what I want. If that's bad, then so be it," she shrugged.

"It's very naughty," he said, leaning forward to take her wrist. "Finish your drink," he commanded, pulling her down and bending her lithe and supple body across his lap.

"Oh fuck," she said, caught off guard. "Yesss, I have been bad."

Eddie set down his glass and raised his hand, bringing the flat of it across her ass. She wasn't kidding; after just a few swats, going from cheek to cheek, Eddie reached between her legs and found her cunt dripping wet. "Get on your knees," he said, taking another sip of vodka, "and grab your ankles. NOW!" The girl quickly complied, and Eddie stood up and undid the button and zipper of his shorts, allowing them to drop as Lara's dress had done earlier. Then he pushed down the black Speedo and hooked the waistband under his balls, letting his erect cock protrude freely. Eddie grabbed his cock and swirled the dripping precum over the head. "This is what you want, isn't it?"

"Oh yes," she whimpered, "Goddamn, it's gorgeous."

"Suck it."

Eddie stepped forward and plugged Lara's mouth with his cock, slowly fucking her face as he gripped her hair and held her head in place. Lara sucked his cock with brio, taking it deep into her mouth with each thrust. Then she backed away. "We should go into the bedroom; I'm not sure what time my roommate will be home from work."

"Fine," Eddie said, "I want to get my tongue on your pussy too."

Lara led the way into the rear of the flat and Eddie slipped his bathers off. "I'll be right back," she said, "make yourself comfortable. I'll bring another drink."

Eddie lay down on the bed, his cock pointing at the ceiling and Lara returned shortly, shutting the door behind her. She took a slug of icy cold vodka and bent over his cock and sucked him in. Eddie liked the feeling of her cold mouth and tongue on him and he reached down to stroke the girl's moist pussy. "Come up here, and let me lick that," he suggested. Lara climbed onto the bed and swung her leg over Eddie's shoulders, gently lowering her cunt to his mouth as she returned to the blowjob.

She was sweet, tangy, the flavour of salt water mixing with her natural juices. Eddie reached up and spread her ass cheeks to tease her brown eye with his fingers. He didn't waste time, and concentrated his tongue on her clit, which was hard and distended. She certainly responded with enthusiasm, grinding her cunt into Eddie's face while bobbing her head over his shaft, fondling and sucking his hairy balls, teasing his asshole.

Eddie didn't hear the click of the latch on the flat's hall door, or any squeak from the bedroom door's hinges. He only knew that Lara knelt upright, releasing his cock, her mouth replaced by a hand which pumped him and slid over the head in the combined wetness of her saliva and his precum. So he was a little shocked when he felt the mattress compress as another leg swung over him and his cock was captured in a velvet vice. He heard Lara say something in Russian and another girl answer, hoarsely and breathlessly. Reaching down, he felt a pair of slender hips rocking back and forth, grinding against his pubic bone.

He must have given some sign of his confusion and surprise because Lara said, "It's my roommate, Olga. She likes your cock." Eddie couldn't reply as his mouth was still covered with Lara's cunt; the only way to express his pleasure was to reach up to her small nipple and roll it between his fingers. With his other hand, he stroked his thumb against Olga's clit, causing both girls to moan their approval.

Without warning, Lara orgasmed. She flooded Eddie's mouth with her cum, clamping his head between her thighs. It was enough to make Eddie thrust his hips, pounding into Olga whose cunt gripped his cock, her own orgasm building quickly. He knew it was time, but still was powerless to talk, and just stiffened his hips off the bed as he filled Olga with hot, sticky jizz.

Lara was the first to climb off, and she lay on her back, feet towards the headboard. Olga swung her leg over and Eddie slid to the side, watching intently as the girls now went into a sixty-nine position, his cum dripping from Olga's cunt to Lara's hungry, waiting mouth. Except for hair colour, the girls could have been twins: same age, same slender body and narrow, bony hips, same shaved cunts and deep tans. He still hadn't seen Olga's face clearly as it was now buried between Lara's thighs, greedily lapping her clit. But even more amazing was Lara sucking his cum out of Olga, into her mouth. When Olga was 'clean', Lara snaked down the bed and kissed Olga, transferring the cum to her roommate's mouth. Eddie was growing hard again.

"Such dirty girls," he said. They giggled and looked at him, noticing his renewed erection. Olga was the first to crawl over and take him in her mouth. "Nice to meet you," Eddie moaned as Lara joined her roommate, lick and sucking at his balls. He just laid back then and let the two women do what they wanted with him, luxuriating in a tag-team blowjob.

Lara abandoned Eddie's balls and licked her way up to his chest, sucking his pierced nipple into her mouth, swirling her tongue over, around and through the ring. She moved her head back and looked at the puffy protrusion, then pinched it and looked into Eddie's eyes. "You know you haven't fucked me yet? You're very good at licking pussy and have a cock just made for sucking, but I still haven't felt it inside my cunt. I want that." Then she rolled onto her back and said something to Olga in Russian who released Eddie's cock from between her lips and fisted it. "Da," she said, the only word Eddie recognised. Lara hung her legs over the edge of the bed, and Olga added, "Stand there and fuck her...she's ready for you." The height of the bed was just right and Olga guided Eddie's hard on into her friend's dripping wet pussy. She was tight and very slick; he slipped in easily and slowly but forcefully began to thrust into her. Olga knelt beside Lara and began to lick and suck her nipples, eventually straddling her, grinding their clean-shaven mounds together. Eddie continued his thrusting as he stared down at her beautiful up-turned ass. Taking a cheek in each hand, he spread them apart and spit into her asshole, then rubbed the saliva around her brown hole before slipping his thumb in. The girls were now kissing and humping their mounds together, the speed and intensity of Eddie's thrust increasing, flesh slapping against flesh, the squish and aroma of genital fluids filling the air.

Lara was moaning and humping back, raising Olga's ass to meet Eddie's thumb. She was getting ready to cum, flinging her head side to side, out of control. When he felt her cunt clamp onto his cock, Eddie pulled out and the bitch squirted, shooting a stream of hot, wet juice all over his thighs and cock. But he wasn't ready to quit and plugged her again, hard, driving his cock into the hilt and stepping up the pace. Olga's pussy was drenched too and on an out-stroke Eddie let his cock plop out of Lara and immediately into Olga's hot hole, which he pummelled unmercifully. He developed a new rhythm, going from one hot hole to the other, fucking both girls in sequence: three or four strokes into Lara, three or four into Olga. Now it was Olga's turn again and her moans turned into a scream as she exploded, unbelievably also squirting a long stream of juice all over Eddie's legs and onto the floor. His own orgasm was not far off and he didn't know into which cunt he wanted to shoot. He decided neither.

"Knees, now!" he yelled and pulled Olga onto the floor and plugged her mouth with his cock, fucking her face hard. Lara got on her knees next to her twin and Eddie pulled out and began stroking himself. The girls waited with open mouths, ready to collect his jizz. The first spurt hit Olga's cheek and Eddie turned slightly sending the next straight into Lara's mouth. As the remainder of his load dribbled out he tried to distribute it evenly between the two girls.

Eddie stepped back and rested against the bed as the girls once again kissed, licking each others' faces, sucking the cum off and swallowing all his cum. All three were drenched with perspiration and the two girls sat on each side of Eddie, kissing him and stroking his chest and now-limp cock.

"Shower?" Olga suggested.

"Yes," said Lara. "And then let's go get some dinner. And come back here for some more of 'that' dessert."