 I've always wondered what it would be like to fuck someone in the ass. I was in our favorite love shop looking for Christmas gifts for my wife when I saw a wall display of butt plugs and other toys for ass fucking. I stopped and was reading some of the information on the packages when a sales girl came over and asked me if I was interested in anal intercourse. 

I gathered myself and with a little bit of a red face said I was but I wasn't sure if my wife would enjoy it. The clerk just smiled and said that she enjoys it and she was sure that after building up to ass fucking that my wife would enjoy it too. I looked at her a little shocked and she told me to come back just before they closed and she would help me decide. I left the store a little dazed and my mind was afire with all kinds of thoughts. When I got home, I made an excuse to my wife that I had to go out again and left, arriving at the store a few minutes before it was scheduled to close. 

I walked in and there were only a couple of people in the store and the sales clerk was helping them. I wandered around, looking at the tapes and books, trying to look like I was in there to buy something. Finally, the other customers left the store and the clerk went over and locked the door. She turned to me with a big smile and told me to follow her, which I did, hesitantly. She stopped just long enough to turn some of the lights out and then proceeded to the back area. She held the door open for me and I entered a small room that was furnished with a small bed and a couple of couches. She said, as she closed the door, that this was their experimental room and very few people knew about it or that they gave demonstrations of products. I was getting a little aroused and tried to stand so my erection didn't show but the clerk smiled and said that it was alright, that she understood my excitement.

She turned the lights down and told me to sit on the couch, that she would be right back. She returned a few minutes later with some apparatus in her hands and sat down on the couch beside me. She started to explain what each toy was used for and how they were used. As she was talking, I was trying to concentrate on her words but my mind was thinking about other things. She finally finished showing me all the toys she had and explaining their use. She turned to me and smiled again, reaching with her hand over to rub across my erection, straining against my jeans. She asked me if I would like to see how some of these toys were used and all I could do was nod. With that, she stood up and undressed in front of me, taking her time and showing me all of her. She bent over to take off her panties and stayed bent over right in front of me, not a tongue's length away. She showed me her ass hole and I could feel the sex coming out of her as I stared at her brown button. She then started caressing her ass and spread her cheeks wide open to give me a better view of her button. She inserted a finger in her ass and moved it in and out of herself, giving out a small groan as she did. 

I couldn't help myself as I reached up and held her hand, helping her thrust her finger in and out of her. She moaned again at the feel of my hand and increased the speed of her thrusts. I reached under her with my other hand and ran my fingers up and down her slit, plunging a finger inside her vagina as I did. I moved my finger up and found her clit, gently rubbing it in small circles, which made her moan a little louder. After a few minutes, I leaned forward and ran my tongue up her slit, stopping to tongue her clit and then sticking it as far inside her vagina as I could, lapping up her juices. She was moaning loudly now and I was enjoying the taste of her as I continued to lick and lap at her cunt. We continued for a few minutes and then she picked up a large dildo and quickly inserted it into her ass with a single thrust. She asked me if I would like to help her and reluctantly, I stopped tonguing her and reached up to grab the dildo, thrusting it in and out of her. She was bent over, holding her knees to steady herself as I continued thrusting this large fake cock in and out of her, telling me to fuck her and to not stop. I thrust the dildo in and out of her as quickly as I could and soon she was moaning and groaning in orgasm, falling forward to her hands and knees on the soft rug.

She rested for a few minutes and then stood up again, taking the large dildo out of her ass and bent over again. Inches in front of my face, her ass hole was wide open and beckoning so I again leaned forward and started to rim her, running my tongue all over her ass, sticking it inside her, making her grunt loudly as she felt my tongue inside her. She held her cheeks open to give me complete access to her hole and I didn't hesitate in taking advantage of it. She finally, in a husky voice, told me to fuck her and I quickly stood and removed my clothes, mounting her and thrusting into her widely. It was like nothing I had ever felt before, so tight and warm and I was soon up to my balls in her back end. She told me to fuck her hard and I started to thrust in and out as fast as I could. I fucked her ass hole until I couldn't hold back any longer, coming inside her in great spurts, filling her canal with my come. I continued to thrust as I came and some of the come leaked out around my cock, running down her legs. I finally finished coming and slowly pulled my cock out of her. She quickly turned around and kissed me, thrusting her tongue inside my mouth. We sucked on each other's tongues and kissed for a while before she stepped back, looking down as my now soft penis with a huge grin on her face. She told me that she had been thinking about me fucking her ever since she had talked to me earlier in the day and found it hard to get through the rest of the day, wondering if I would indeed come back. 

She forced me to sit down again and straddled my legs, sitting on me with her cunt on top of my soft cock. It didn't take long before I started to get another erection and she felt it as it she was rubbing herself with it, up and down her slit. She squealed a little as she lifted herself off my lap and put my now hard cock inside her again, this time in her cunt. She was soon bouncing up and down on my cock, groaning loudly to fuck her hard and fast. I sat back and watched her do the work, enjoying the feel of her as she bounced up and down on me. I reached over and grabbed her breasts and caressed them as best I could as she was getting wild in her bouncing. I soon came inside her again and she moaned loudly when she felt my cock twitch deep inside her, my come spurting out inside her. She continued bouncing until I was finished coming, then sat down, kissing me.

After dressing, I left the store and drove the few blocks home, completely in a daze. My wife looked at me when I entered the house and asked if I was all right. I told her I was ok and tried to make it look like nothing had happened. That night in bed, I hesitantly brought up the subject of ass fucking and to my surprise, my wife said that she had sometimes thought about how it would feel to have a hard cock inside her back end. My erection immediately answered her and she quickly stuffed it inside her, bouncing up and down on it. We fucked for quite a long time and after, relaxing, we talked about ass fucking. We decided that it would take some getting used to and we would try it, working up to it slowly. 

The next weekend, we went back to the love store and were looking at the butt plugs and toys when a different sales clerk came over, asking us if we were looking for something in particular. My wife told her we were interested in trying anal intercourse and she started to explain what the toys and other apparatus were used for. My wife was listening in awe as the girl explained everything to us. We picked out a couple of things to try and as we were paying for them, the sales clerk suggested that if we were available, she could show us how to use the toys. I looked at my wife and we both nodded. The clerk told us to come back that evening and she would be happy to help us.

We went back to the store before it closed and again, like the previous sales clerk had done, she locked the door, turned off some lights and led us to the room in the back. We entered to find that there were already some people it. My wife hesitated and the sales clerk told us that the others would be finished soon. We reluctantly sat on one of the couches, watching a man ass fucking an older woman, who was squealing in pleasure as he plowed in and out of her brown hole. This guy was really hung. His penis must have been 8 to 9" in length and was thick. He was really plowing into the woman as she continued to yell at him to fuck her. I looked at my wife and she was staring at the couple, a look of wanton lust on her face, as she watched the large penis thrust in and other of the woman's ass hole. The sales clerk had sat down beside my wife and when I looked back at my wife, the clerk was taking my wife's clothes off, slowly caressing her as she did. They weren't paying attention to the other couple any more, but were concentrating on each other. I watched the two women for a few seconds and then turned to watch the other couple. When I looked back, my wife was completely undressed and was helping the clerk out of her clothes. 

I took a quick look at the other couple and then watched as my wife and the clerk, completely nude, started kissing and fondling each other, right next to me on the couch. My wife had never said anything about wanting to make love to another woman so I was quite surprised to see her, with her hands fondling the clerk's breasts and kissing her with her tongue deep inside the clerk's mouth. I watched them as the clerk moved over my wife, sitting on her lap, as they continued kissing and fondling each other. The clerk soon was kissing and sucking my wife's breasts and had her hand down, fingering my wife's slit, rubbing her hand up and down it. 

She started to move down my wife's body and soon was prying her legs open. My wife opened her legs wantonly, giving the clerk complete access to her pussy. The clerk dived right in, licking and lapping at my wife. I could hear the noises coming from the sucking and licking. My wife was leaning back with her head thrown back, moaning and groaning as the clerk expertly, lapped at her cunt. I quickly looked over at the other couple and they had changed positions, with the woman on her back, holding her legs up high in the air as the man plowed his thick, long cock inside her. She was almost screaming now and with the noise, I didn't notice my wife and the clerk had also changed positions. 

I looked back to my wife and the clerk and my wife was now on her back, her legs spread wide with the clerk between them, plunging a large dildo in and out of her. My wife was gasping as the clerk used the large fake cock on her and was almost pleading with the sales clerk fuck her as hard as she could. The clerk plunged the dildo in and out of my wife's cunt as hard and as quickly as she could, making my wife scream in organism. 

I couldn't sit there any more and quickly shed my clothes and joined the two woman, who had now moved to the floor. The clerk was still using the dildo on my wife and I went behind her and stuck my tongue out, licking her ass gently. She jerked when she felt my tongue and in a husky voice, told me to fuck her in the ass. I quickly put a condom on and mounted her, thrusting my hard cock completely inside her until my balls were resting against her ass. I waited for a minute and then with a little urging from the clerk, started thrusting in and out of her brown hole. She felt as tight and warm as the first clerk I had ass fucked and after all the sex I had watched between the other four people, it didn't take long for me to start coming in the clerk's ass. I slowly pulled out of her and sat back down to watch the other four again. 

My wife got up on her hands and knees and the clerk started to push a smaller dildo up my wife's hole. She soon had the whole apparatus inside my wife and started to gently push it in and out of her. She moved slowly at first, talking to my wife, soothing her and telling her to relax and enjoy it. My wife was writhing underneath the clerk and the woman quickened her pace and was soon pounding my wife's ass with the dildo. I quickly looked over at the other couple and they were watching my wife and the clerk. The woman had her hand wrapped around the man's cock, gently rubbing it, trying to bring it up again and the man was sitting with a glassy look on his face, watching my wife and the sales clerk. I turned back to the two women on the floor just in time to hear and see my wife have her second orgasm, screaming at the clerk to fuck her again and again. 

The two women slowly uncoupled and they were both panting and gasping from their energetic lovemaking. My erection was starting to come back by now and I felt a hand wrap itself around my hard erection. I looked up and the older woman had come over and was now rubbing her hand up and down my cock, making it harder. She quickly sat down on me, positioning my cock at the mouth of her brown hole. She sat completely down on my cock, sliding it up her ass hole, engulfing my whole erection. She hesitated and then started moving up and down on my cock, filling her ass hole with my cock. She was a wild woman, bouncing up and down, squealing and screaming as she did, feeling my hard member inside her back end. I took a quick peek at the others and was amazed to see my wife on her hands and knees again with the other man stuffing his large cock inside her. I watched for only a second as he started to thrust in and out of her with his monster cock. 

My attention was brought back to the woman on my lap though, as she continued bouncing up and down on me, all the time screaming that she wanted my come deep inside her. I finally started coming, spurting into the woman and it started running down her legs as she continued bouncing until I was finished. She carefully crawled off me and my come started gushing out of her. She quickly turned around and offered her ass hole to the clerk, who immediately, started lapping up the come oozing out of her ass and running down her legs. I heard my wife grunt loudly and I looked over to see the man pushing his large cock up her ass hole. 

My wife screamed in pain and in pleasure as the man pushed his cock into her until her was completely inside her. He started to thrust slowly and gently, caressing my wife's ass cheeks as he did. He was talking to her but I couldn't hear what he was saying. He speeded up a little and soon was pounding my wife's ass making her squeal as he thrust all the way into her and pulled almost all the way out of her. I watched in fascination, as her hole sucked in this large cock. I looked at the clerk and the other woman and they had moved into a 69 and were licking and sucking each other's cunt. I didn't watch them long as I was more interested in watching my wife get fucked in her ass by the man's monster.

As I watched my wife taking that large cock up her ass hole, I saw a look of determination and utter lust fill her eyes as she pleaded to be fucked harder. The man was thrusting in and out of her as fast and as hard as he could, grunting every time he reached the bottom of her hole. Without withdrawing his cock from her, the man repositioned himself so he was standing with his legs on either side of her ass. He was above her and really started pounding into her. My wife was squealing and screaming at him to go deeper and he was trying as best he could. Suddenly, he started coming inside her and she screamed in orgasm as his come seeped out and started running down her ass crack. I could see a river of come coming out of my wife as the man continued to pump into her, making her cry out even louder. He finally stopped thrusting and stood up, pulling his large cock out of my wife and spurted his last come on her ass cheeks. 

The other two women quickly scrambled over and started licking the man's come off my wife's ass, almost fighting for position. The man came over and sat beside me on the couch and we watched the three women finish off my wife, making her orgasm one more time. They finally finished and my wife got off the floor and looked at me with a big grin on her face. The other two women just sat back and were resting as the five of us looked at each other and I wondered if this was the end of the night or just the beginning. 

We all introduced ourselves and made small talk as we all watched each other to see who was going to make the first move. My wife finally came over and took my cock in her hand, removed the now dry condom and took my cock in her mouth, gently sucking on it. I was hard again in a minute and she got up on my lap, carefully lowered herself onto my hard cock and soon I was fully inside her ass hole. She started slowly again but was soon bouncing up and down on my cock as fast as she could, telling me in a husky, breathless voice, to fuck her and how good it felt to have me inside her ass. I noticed the sales clerk had come over to the other man and was now standing in front of him, bent over, stuffing his large cock up her brown hole. She grunted when he entered her with his monster cock and she leaned back towards him, engulfing the entire length of him. She rocked back and forth, helping him fuck her and was soon squealing at him to fuck her as hard as he could. He quickly stood up and pushed the woman to the floor, straddling her legs and entering her again from above. He was pounding in and out of her making her scream more and just then, my wife came again and fell off my cock. 

I was still hard and the older woman came right over and mounted me, stuffing my cock deep inside her brown hole. Soon she was bouncing up and down on me but I couldn't take my eyes off the man fucking the sales clerk no more than 4 feet from me. I watched his huge cock thrust in and out of the clerk's ass until he grunted and started to fill her canal with his come. Again it started seeping out and running down her legs as he finished. He withdrew his cock from her hole and my wife was all over the clerk's ass, licking and lapping at the drying come and fingering the clerk's hole. I had never suspected my wife was as wild as she was that night and I continued to watch her as the older woman finished taking my come up her hole, slowly sliding off to one side. Through all the sex that night, I kept thinking about how my wife was going to be when we were alone in bed and how much this night had changed our lives.

We finally finished and all of us got dressed again. I looked at my watch and we had been there for 3 hours and had fucked and sucked everyone several times. After saying our good-byes, my wife and I left the store and slowly drove the few blocks to our home. My wife was exhausted and quickly fell asleep. I lay in bed thinking about the night's activities and wondering what was the future of our lovemaking. 

I found out the next day as my wife announced that the couple from the night before was coming over that evening. Our lives have indeed changed in that we now have regular anal intercourse and meet with the other couple several times a week. We have had the sales clerk's over many times and I have had my cock up their ass holes, filling them with come, many times too. We have a schedule, so to speak, with the others and it doesn't take much to, when the four of them are together with us, to end up with a cock up an ass hole or in a cunt. We are completely free with the four of them and have and will have many nights of erotic pleasure together.