 Disclaimer: Like all lit stories this one would fit in multiple categories. This story has exhibitionism, lots of light bondage, and a few extra marital encounters. If those aren't your thing, stop now and find another story.

*****

One Saturday morning, when Jasmine was at a friend's house for a weekend sleepover party, I was in the garage with a friend fixing one of my bikes. He was helping me change out the transfer casing. Alex was a member of my motorcycle club and we'd been friends for almost two years. He was a tall, blonde, clean cut, good looking guy that had just broken up with his girlfriend. We were both dressed in blue jeans and black t-shirts because we knew we'd be getting dirty while working.

Alanza walked in with her hair in a ponytail holding a basket with a load of laundry and wearing a black sport bra and loose grey cotton shorts that had the top rolled over. The shorts were so low I was surprised they stayed on, the white string from her panties were visible on her hips. She tossed clothes from washer to dryer, then dropped her load in before turning the machines on. Afterward she hopped up to sit on the dryer and watch us. We worked in silence for about twenty minutes. I was having a little trouble with a really tight bolt, Alex helped me get some leverage and finally it broke free with a loud crack.

"Damn, you break it?" he asked.

"God I hope not," I said.

Laughing, "You ain't kidding, that would be a pain to replace, we'd be here all day."

"Yeah, that would be such a pain if you were both stuck out here all day," Alanza said. 

Something about her voice made me look at her, her hands were clasped in front of her on the dryer, she was biting her lower lip, and her eyes glittered as she stared at us. 

Giving her a dark look, "Yeah, it would be," I said. 

She nodded but kept the happy look on her face, Alex and I struggled to break all the bolts from the case. We were both breathing hard so I asked Alanza to get us some apple juice.

"K," she said without moving.

I stared at her but she shifted her legs and didn't move.

"Could you do it now?" I asked.

"In a minute," she said shifting her butt.

I stopped and looked at her, Alex noticed and looked at her too.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Mh huh," she said still biting her lip

"You're acting weird."

Immediately, she snapped, "No I'm not, you're acting weird, shut up."

Her voice was slightly higher pitched than usual and I was surprised at the aggressive tone of her comeback.

"What are you doing? Why are you acting crazy?" I asked.

I finally noticed her chest was flushed and her nipples were obviously hard the way they were poking against her top.

Understanding hit me, "Oh my god, you've got to be kidding me," I said rolling my eyes. 

"What? Shut up. Nobody is talking to you," she said.

Finally, even Alex noticed her unusual attitude and comprehension dawned. We looked at each other and laughed.

"Really babe? I don't even know what to say."

She turned bright red and shifted again in her seat while turning her eyes down, "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Really? So you won't mind if I turn off the dryer, the noise is distracting me," I said drily.

Her eyes snapped up, "NO."

She froze as she realized how loud she'd just been. Alex and I shook our heads and laughed.

"It's not funny," she panted.

We both pointedly looked at her as she shifted back and forth.

"I wasn't planning it or anything, it's just the dryer was so warm and I was watching the two of you looking all sexy and the machine was vibrating just right and before I knew it, I noticed it was feeling really good."

I threw up my hands in surrender, "I'm not judging, are you Alex?"

He mimicked my gesture, "Nope, not at all."

"We'll even go back to working and ignore you."

"If you wanted to work without a shirt that'd be cool," she pleaded.

I looked over and she was giving me lustful eyes so I shrugged and took off my shirt as I took a seat and began to work.

"You can too Alex," she said.

He hesitated and looked at me, "I'm not sure..."

I shrugged, "Dude, my fiance is a big girl. I don't mind her flirting or whatever. Anything she does is okay by me, she knows where I'll draw the line."

Alex nodded okay and looked at Alanza, "In that case, the only way I'm taking off my shirt is if you do too."

I burst out laughing at Alanza's shocked face, "Oh snap, he called you out."

"But..." she stammered.

"I just don't think it's fair for us to be shirtless and you get to enjoy yourself but we get nothing."

I looked at Alex, he was normally a shy guy and I knew he carried a small crush on Alanza but I was still surprised at his boldness. I hadn't expected anything like that from him and I'm sure it caught Alanza off guard. Still, I knew her exhibitionist tendencies so I wasn't overly surprised when she nodded her head. 

"You first," Alex said.

Alanza closed her eyes and in a smooth motion grabbed her top and pulled it over her head, dropping it on top of the washer.

"O wow," breathed Alex.

Her dark brown nipples were hard and stood out, their stiffness highlighting her own excitement. His eyes locked onto her chest and I could tell the way he was looking turned her on. 

"Your turn," she whispered.

Alex started to pull up his shirt but fumbled it, then recovered and grabbed it and hastily pulled it off. His hair was a little messed up and he was breathing hard as he held his shirt. His eyes went right back to Alanza's chest as they both checked each other out.

I'm pretty secure in my body, I eat healthy and workout a lot, my body is all lean muscle, but I felt a twinge of jealousy as I looked at Alex. He worked out 2-3 hours a day, six days a week and looked like he belonged on the cover of a muscle magazine. 

Alanza gasped, "Oh my god." 

After a second, she whispered, "I just want to lick you like the icing off a cupcake."

She glanced at me after she said that and saw my mock glower.

"Love you baby," she said. 

I rolled my eyes and shook my head. Despite her teasing, I was very secure in our relationship so I had no issue when she held up a finger and motioned Alex closer to her. Their eyes met as he walked to the edge of the dryer. Never breaking eye contact she leaned forward and gave him a cat-like lick on his chest, he immediately groaned. She tilted her head to glance at me and give me a questioning look, I gave her a small nod yes. Smiling, she went back to licking the muscles on his chest. Alex growled as she used her tongue to tease him. Her hips shifted back and forth as they played and I knew she was getting worked up. Alex must have noticed it to because he stepped back, making her frown. 

"My turn," he said.

Her eyes went wide and she bit her lip in hesitation for a moment. Nodding she reached her arms up and pulled him toward her. He bent his head and teased one of her nipples with his tongue. She moaned and her hips continued flexing back and forth on the dryer. The next few minutes Alex used his tongue alternately on each of her tits, moving back and forth, kissing, licking, and teasing her. His tongue traced her tits and nipples as she ground her body against the gentle vibrations of our dryer. She moved faster and her whimpers came nonstop as she gripped his head tighter, he grabbed her shorts and pulled them under her butt and forward on her legs exposing her rainbow striped g-string panties with white trim. Her bare ass pressed to the warm metal and the suddenness of the exposure sent her over the edge, she let out a cry and I watched her knuckles whiten from gripping Alex so tight. She was frozen for almost a minute, straining to hold him as she came in shuddering waves. Finally, she began to breathe and relax, releasing him and leaning back. 

Alex stepped back and looked at me sheepishly, his hands waving around, "Dude, I'm so sorry, I got caught up in the moment and..."

I held up a hand to stall him, "Man, we're cool. Don't even worry about it."

He looked unconvinced, "You sure? I mean I pulled her shorts down."

Laughing I pointed out, "Brother, she was topless and you were playing with her tits, do you think I care that you pulled her shorts down?"

His face was red with a embarrassed look as he replied, "I guess not."

"I promise man, we're cool. She's the one who's going to get her little ass spanked bright red later."

We both looked to Alanza, drowsy eyed, relaxed, and smiling on the washer.

"Worth it," she said. 

"Your fiance is soooo hot," Alex said.

Alanza kicked her shorts completely off and hopped off the dryer. I stood up and motioned her toward me.

"Yes she is, and thank you. Now I'm going to take her into our bedroom and have my turn with her. You get to finish taking the casing off."

Alex nodded, "I understand. Have fun."

"Oh I plan to."

Alanza moved to my arms and I kissed her hard. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Alex looking at her ass. I broke the kiss and leaned down and scooped her over my shoulder. She let out a shriek and laughed as I smacked her butt with my free hand.

"I'll be back," I said in my best Schwarzenegger impression.

"Have fun," Alex said.

I carried Alanza to the bedroom and threw her down on our bed. 

Stepping back while undressing, I told her, "Lose the panties now."

Eyes bright she hurriedly pulled her underwear off and threw them on the floor.

"Spread your legs," I commanded.

She whimpered and nodded as she did what she told.

I moved on the bed between her legs, putting my face inches from her pussy. I gave her a slow teasing lick and was rewarded with a hard groan. I started using my tongue with enthusiasm and had her gasping and squirming all over the bed.

"Oh god, oh god," she cried. 

Her noises were constant as I probed her sex with my tongue.

"Daddy, daddy, please."

Lifting my head, "What?"

Panting she whined, "I want you inside me, please daddy."

She knew I loved it when she called me daddy, it always got me rock hard. I moved up the bed until we were face to face. She wrapped her legs around me and smooth as silk I slid inside her. 

Our lovemaking was intense as she dug her nails into me while squeezing her legs, each thrust into her was met by an animalistic noise and strained muscles.

"Somebody is worked up," I grunted.

She grinned, "That was so hot. God I love doing things like that."

"You're such a bad girl," I whispered.

"You have no idea."

"Oh yeah, tell me."

"I can't baby, you'll think I'm a really bad person."

I thought about her words, I suspected I knew what she wanted but was just too embarrassed to tell me, or too worried I'd be mad.

"You want to fuck him, don't you?" I asked.

She looked down but her body wrapped tighter around me, after a moment she opened her eyes and nodded.

"You're not mad are you?"

I thrust hard inside her making her arch her back.

"Say it."

Her mouth opened and I pushed hard against her again, making her gasp. The next few seconds every time she started to speak I drove harder and harder inside her.

Finally, she whimpered, "Yes, yes daddy."

"Louder," I said. "I want to hear you say it."

"Yes daddy," she cried.

"Yes what?"

"I want to fuck him."

"Louder."

"I WANT TO FUCK HIM," she yelled arching her back, her body quivering as she rode her unexpected orgasm.

I waited until she stopped trembling before I started riding her again. This time I kept my pace steady as she looked at me through half-lidded eyes.

"You really want to fuck him?" I asked.

She nodded her head.

"You have to ask him yourself, I'm not going to do it for you."

Her eyes glittered, "What if he doesn't want to, what if he's too scared?"

"Guess you'll have to take that chance, but trust me, if the garage was an indication he'll agree."

"Any rules?" she asked.

"No love-making."

She nodded and gripped my ass, her voice went into a strong Columbian accent, "Te quiero mucho papi."

My own orgasm came instantly.

Afterward we were both rinsing in the shower.

"Are you really going to ask him?" I asked.

She nodded, "You sure about this? Do I need to use my coupon?"

"I'll tell you what, I'll use one of my coupons and give you permission to do whatever you want."

We got out and dried off, I redressed and she put on a black tank top that had a tattooed Alice in Wonderland image wearing a Jack Daniels shirt and a pair of white cotton bikini panties.

We walked back out to the garage together and Alex looked up as we entered, I went to work helping him and Alanza stood next to the doorway.

She watched us work for a minute and I could tell she was nervous the way she fidgeted and looked back and forth. She kept looking at me and opening her mouth as if to talk but then stayed silent. 

Rolling my eyes, "Alex, I think Alanza has something to ask you."

Alex looked toward her and she froze, she looked down for a few seconds before lifting her eyes and meeting his gaze.

"I was wondering if you liked what we did."

Alex nodded, "Of course I did. I'm sorry, did it make you uncomfortable? Should I leave?"

She held up her hands in a placating gesture, "No, no, nothing like that, it's just that... well... I was wondering..."

"My fiancé wants to mess around," I said.

Alex looked stunned, he looked back and forth between us, I shrugged.

"Like mess around, mess around?"

Alanza nodded.

"And you're cool with it?" he asked me.

"We have an understanding about certain things."

He paused for a minute to think and we stayed quiet.

Looking at me, "Are you going to..."

"Be out here and nowhere near you two, yes. This is her thing, not our thing."

Sighing, he nodded, "No offense dude but..."

I held up a hand stopping him mid-sentence, "I'm with you on that, nuff said."

"But you're cool with this, you're not going to be mad at me?"

"I promise it won't affect us at all."

He looked at Alanza, "So we would just go back into your bedroom and..."

"Have some fun," Alanza said. "I have some things planned, I promise you'll enjoy them."

He swallowed, standing up he set down the wrench in his hand, "Can you show me where to wash up?"

Alanza smiled and turned around, lifting her shirt to expose her pantied ass she said, "Follow me."

*****

(Alanza)

Once we got to my bedroom I pushed him down into the center of the bed. Standing at the edge I looked down at him.

With one hand on my hip I said, "If you want this to happen it's my way or no way, got it?"

He nodded, licking his lips, "Are you sure this is cool with Thomas?"

I rolled my eyes, "First rule, quit asking that. We don't swing or anything and I'm not swapping, but we occasionally have fun. I'm giving him a threesome with my bestie for this in return, so don't worry about Thomas."

Eyes wide, he nodded again.

"Second rule, what happens here, stays here, undertstand?"

"Understood."

"I wouldn't be embarrassed or anything but at the same time I don't want to answer a lot of questions and I really don't want other guys hitting on me thinking it might be a thing or something."

"I get that."

I narrowed my eyes, "Third rule, you do what I tell you."

"Yes ma'am."

Giggling, "I kind of like that."

He grinned as I went to the sides of the bed and pulled out our inch thick white-cotton rope and my soft black leather cuffs. His eyes went wide as I casually strapped and buckled his wrists then tied them tight to either corner of the bed.

"Uhmmm," he said as he tested each restraint. 

I giggled again, We're going to have a little bit of fun today."

I unbuttoned his jeans and opened them up, he was wearing dark blue sport briefs underneath.

"Very sexy," I said as I casually stroked his dick through the material. He hissed and started to get hard from my teasing. Wanting to see the rest of him I pulled his pants down and threw them on the ground. I grabbed his ankles and pulled out more restraints and started to cuff his legs. His eyes went wide but he didn't say anything as I cuffed his legs about a foot apart to the bottom of our bed.

"Comfortable?" I asked after I finished.

I stood at the bottom of the bed watching while he tested each cuff separately then all together. They may always be used on me but they were more than strong enough to keep him helpless. Our bed was sturdy because we liked to play and all the ropes and leather were heavy duty. 

After he finished he lay there chest heaving from exertion. I loved my Thomas and he was sexy as hell, he had a great body, muscular, lean, and with rugged good looks. However, I had to admit, Alex was sexy. He was a blonde haired pretty boy, not as rugged or manly looking in the face but classically good looking, soft blue eyes, and a baby smooth face that probably took days before he needed a shave. His body was gorgeous, he was huge, he looked like an Arnold Schwarzenegger wannabe. He had large, well developed arms and a chiseled chest. I knew from talking to him he spent a couple hours in the gym at least five days a week. Just standing there looking at all his hard rippling muscles I had an insatiable desire to start leaving teeth marks all over him. I wanted to mark my territory, even if it was only my territory for the day. 

I crawled on the bed and straddled him. Grinding myself against his dick I felt him grow even harder and a small sensation of heat began to build between my own legs. I bent over and started using my tongue to trace the lines of muscle on his body. 

I spent the next few minutes making a meal out of his stomach and grinding him while he made happy noises. Wanting to tease him some more I shifted and put my hands on his chest and ground back and forth against him while he whimpered and thrust his hips trying to get more sensation.

"You're driving me wild," he panted.

"Poor baby," I said grinning. I reached down and grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head and tossed it to the side. "Is that better?"

"Oh my god," he groaned. 

"What's the matter sweetie, you no like?"

"I love, I just want to touch them."

"Don't worry, we'll get to that. In the meantime..."

I bent over and nibbled on his ear, he was starting to squirm underneath me. I loved the feel of his massive body trying to get free. I could sense his frustration and it was turning me on.

"Tell me, how long have you wanted to fuck me?" I whispered.

"Wha..."

"You heard me, how long have you wanted to fuck me?" I asked while biting his ear.

I waited as he got his breathing under control, the whole time nibbling his ear and stroking his body with my hands.

"Since I first saw you," he finally managed to say.

"You bad boy," I said. "Tell me about it."

"It was at the beach, the club was throwing a party. I'd been with them a few months, I was a transfer from another chapter. I'd rode with Thomas a few times but somehow we never met or saw each other before."

I bit his ear hard, making him hiss. 

"Don't stop now sweetie."

"I... I pulled up next to the area we were all hanging out and the first thing I saw was this gorgeous female wearing a tiny black thong. I was floored, I couldn't wait to introduce myself because I was praying you were single. It was so sexy that you were confident enough to wear that in front of everybody. I thought I'd never stand a chance of getting you in bed."

"Aren't you happy you were wrong?" I teased, tracing my tongue along the rim of his ear.

"God yes, but I was crushed when I found out you were with someone from the club. I consoled myself thinking I never would've stood a chance with you since you were so beautiful." 

I paused and leaned back, "And now here you are. So what do you want?"

"I...uh... I want to... you know," he said.
