 This story is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved, this story is protected under international copyright laws. No part of this publication should be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise without the prior consent of the writer. 

Disclaimer:

1.The author recognises that sex addiction is a legitimate disorder and in no way seeks to belittle anyone who has been plagued by this disorder. Nor is this any attempt to ridicule the profession of psychiatry and mental therapy.

2.I incorporate both American and British “Use of English” styles so there might be discrepancies with spelling and grammar etc.

Especially for Melvin L . of Roanoke, Virginia – I really hope that you enjoy this one.

********
INTRO
********

Caitlin Pinard had never been inhibited sexually and where she could most definitely be classified as a sex addict; the hedonistic blonde had little care for such clinical association. She was a healthy, sexually active, young woman, in her early twenties with a ravenous appetite for all things erotic. Possessing a vivid imagination, her pursuit of happiness was not limited by society's standards and the fulfilment of one fantasy served only as a stepping-stone to an even more explicit one. She believed that sex was something to be enjoyed fully and was willing to indulge in the act whenever an opportunity presented itself.

********
BEGINNING OF THE STORY
********

Caitlin stood naked in the glass stall; the warm water cascading over her body evoked a sensual feeling. She held the pulsing showerhead between her legs, strong jets of water spraying across her throbbing clit. She was already extremely aroused at that point and reached up to just nimbly tug on her slowly hardening nipples, stretching and pulling on the shell pink teats, until they grew firm and stood rigid at the tip of her c-cup breasts. One hand moved slowly across her abdomen and through the downy blonde hair on her pelvis; the light caresses awakening every single nerve ending in her skin.

She used her thumb and forefinger to hold the outer folds of her labia apart before dipping the long, middle finger inside to feel the copious amount of fluids gathering there. Withdrawing the lithe digit, she brought it against the tiny head of her clit, smearing the viscous liquid across the shiny tip of the small nubbin, teasing the minuscule bud.

"Uhhhmmn!!!" She grunted softly, her body was wrought with tension, the need gradually building up inside her. She reached for the soap and stroked it across her vulva, she could feel the petals coming loose, and opening up as the blood began to fill the thickly textured folds. She pressed the bar firmly against her cunt, her passion-filled pants reverberating off the solid walls. Before long she was coming, the muscular walls of her vagina tightened, her buttocks flexing involuntarily. She pinched and pulled on her nipples roughly as her body succumbed to the sensations, her mind drowning in the euphoria. The bar of soap slipped through her fingers, landing on the tiled floor of the shower, as she rested against the wall for support, her trembling knees buckling. Her breathing was coming in laboured gasps, and she moved to sit on the floor, until her body recovered. She brushed her palm against her clit and then pinched the two flaps of her labia together, helping to seal the opening.

In the bedroom, Caitlin moves the towel slowly across her body before balling up one edge and bringing it between her legs. She continuously stroked her cunt gently against the rippled cloth, sucking in a deep breath as she felt that familiar spike of pleasure in her clit, her vaginal walls convulsing as a flood of juices erupted from between her pussy lips. All the while her free arm had been kneading the globular mounds of her breast and as the orgasm subsided, she lowered her head to flick her tongue quickly across each teat. The blonde woman used the unsoiled section of the bath towel to clean away the sticky liquid from her vulva before continuing to get dressed. 

Once Caitlin had hastily blow-dried her hair, she sat in front of the vanity to apply her make-up. Afterwards she removed the cotton robe, and then slipped into a pair of skimpy French cut underwear. It was a warm, breezy afternoon so she'd chosen to wear a flared mini-skirt, which ended about mid-thigh and a spaghetti strapped blouse; the fabric straining to contain her magnificent cleavage. She slid her finely sculpted legs into a pair of wedge-heeled slippers, took a long hard look at her sexy reflection in the mirror and prepared to make her exit; a simple shoulder bag completed the ensemble.

****

Caitlin's pussy was still twitching as she walked down the flight of stairs; her crummy apartment building always had some maintenance problem or another, the elevator had not been working properly for over a week. Sexually her body was insatiable, and although some people might consider that to be a problem, she had no qualms about her particular desires. 

Her new boss and trusted confidante, Angela, however, had seemed terribly offended when she had divulged her activities of the past weekend. The older woman had suggested she speak to a therapist and although she remained resistant at first, the other woman had a remarkable knack for persuasion. It was rather reluctantly though that she'd agreed, and that's where she was headed now, her first session with Dr. Dayle Langlais in a downtown office building.

Had her weekend activities been so outrageous? She readily doubted. There were people who indulged in that type of behaviour on a daily basis and did not seem to think that there was anything wrong with them. The blonde considered, as the memories of the past Friday night flitted through her mind...

****

In the club, flashing fluorescent lights illuminate the dance floor and the gyrating bodies, moving frenetically to the steady beat of the music booming from the overhead speakers. Caitlin allows herself to be led by Josh, a guy in his late twenties; she'd met only minutes earlier at the bar. He was handsome, well built, his blonde hair neatly cropped, grey eyes twinkling as he approached her. A polite greeting, followed by the offer to purchase her favoured drink, she accepted and from there, the conversation flows naturally. 

He presses his wide body close against hers; she can feel his warm breath tickling her neck and face, the cool minty scent as he whispers the words of the song. The tempo changes and the crowd goes wild, its one of those Jamaican dancehall artists, the lyrics only partly intelligible but no one seems to care. The movement is frantic, her pelvis bumps against his crotch and she can feel his manhood just beginning to swell slightly. She rubs herself against his genitals some more, her eyes are closed now, her mind concentrating not on the music but the thought of what it might feel like fucking this absolutely gorgeous guy. 

When the song ends they walk away from the dance floor, retreat to the bar for another round of drinks and more flirting. The steady heat is slowly stirring in her loins and lust is brimming in his eyes; she bums a cigarette from another patron then invites Josh to join her outside for a smoke. Her intentions become clear though as they slip out through one of the fire escape doors and step into a darkened narrow alley. His arousal is more apparent than hers, a prominent bulge at the crotch of his pants. 

Caitlin draws nearer and kisses the guy fervently, her soft lips pressing against his sturdy ones, before parting to allow his tongue entry into her mouth. She sucks softly on the flesh pink organ as he reaches out tentatively to stroke her nipples through the thin material of her dress. Her arms are at his waist working diligently to unbuckle his belt before she tugs on the zipper. The light material of his khaki pants slides down easily to expose the striped cotton boxer shorts. One hand snakes into his trousers and she cups her hand around the stiff cock, deftly rubbing the tip with her thumb. As her hand moves across the length of the shaft, it bloats and expands in her grip until the full seven inches are pushing out against the fabric of his underwear. 

Josh is now anxious to feel more of the blonde woman; he reaches down to grip the hem of the mid-thigh dress and brings it up to reveal the tiny triangle of cloth barely covering her mound, and the string nestled between her butt cheeks. He pulls roughly on the thong, pushing it down across her hip as the front of his boxers slips lower, his testicles and fully engorged penis finally exposed to the evening air, the full sacs bursting with desire. Caitlin manoeuvres the rigid dick between her legs and drags the tip slowly to the entrance of her vagina then she rolls the head against the muscular walls opening it up slightly. 

Josh grabs unto her buttocks and draws her closer until the mushroomed head just slips inside. He uses his hips for leverage, forcing more of his penis to enter, until all seven-inches are buried within; the silky walls of her cavern clinging to the invader. The union is splendid and they kiss once more as her dress drops back down. From their stance, the average person might wrongfully assume them to be just a couple locked in an amorous embrace.

Caitlin enjoys the feel of the massive intruder, she pushes against Josh, forcing him back against the wall, and his long cock is evoking wondrous feelings in her pussy. After several minutes of bucking his hips against her pelvic, he grunts vocally and she knows what that means, her own is not too far off. Her vaginal walls convulse around the stiff manhood and she gyrates her hips wantonly, soon she feels the eruption approaching and the viscous liquid, is suddenly ejaculated, splashing against her insides. She steps away and the limp cock plops out easily. Caitlin contemplates taking it into her mouth, sucking off his cum and tasting her own juices intermixed with his, but decides to leave something for later.

****

The couple stood in the alleyway, Caitlin's arms wrapped around Josh's neck, his own resting idly at her waist as they kissed once more, content to enjoy their mutual satisfaction. When at last they re-entered the club, the blonde woman immediately sought the refuge of the ladies room. She emerged from the washroom, somewhat refreshed, the soaked underwear, tucked away in her small change purse.

Caitlin sighted Josh at the bar, talking animatedly with another guy and instantly made her way over. He introduced his companion as Stephen, his paddleball partner. The other man was incredibly handsome, lean, well muscled and tall, almost 6'-0”, he had an athletic build. Even while she was lost in her admiration of his physique, she could sense his eyes on her. He silently perused her dressing, his gaze lingering at her cleavage as he swallowed a gulp; the lump disappearing into his throat. 

The three shared another drink and then made their way over to the dance floor. Caitlin was thrilled to be surrounded by the good-looking men, both with similar interests in her sexually, each vying for her undivided attention. The undeniable attraction was there and as they moved to the music, she made mental comparisons of the two. She was already familiar with what Josh had to offer, her curiosity was now piqued about Stephen.

She flirted endlessly with the pair, turning her attention to one and then the other. She would move up close, rubbing against Josh, then back away and do the same thing with Stephen, kissing and caressing the men. As the evening progressed, she worked them both up into a frenzy of sexual need, divulging an interest in bedding either, or. So hours later when Josh suggested they leave, and head over to his apartment, all were in agreement. 

Outside the club Caitlin and Stephen waits for Josh to retrieve his vehicle. The pair flirts some more, the other guy leaning forward to kiss her softly on the lips and nibble gently at her neck. She makes way to walk around the vehicle but the taller man, extends an invite for her to join him on the backseat and she readily obliges. A look of jealousy flashes temporarily across Josh's face but once the SUV is in motion his mood changes. As the couple settles in behind him, he adjusts the rear-view mirror to afford him a better view of whatever is about to happen.

Caitlin likes the way Stephen smells, just a faint hint of sweat, beneath his rugged outdoorsy cologne. He sits close to her, just slightly hesitant to make any type of move but then moves to kiss her again, one arm slipping around her neck, drawing her nearer. His tongue pushes between her lips, and almost immediately she parted her teeth to allow him entry into her mouth, lips churning gently against each other as they kissed passionately. He untied the strings of the halter dress wrapping around her neck, and the thin material easily glides down her chest, before he slowly slid one hand over her breast; cupping it in his palm, using his thumb to caress the hardening nipple. Stephen abruptly ended the intense kiss, before transferring his lips to the engorged nipple. As he fastened onto the teat, Caitlin's head fell back in elation, a deep moan escaping her throat.

Josh looked on as the slender blonde shifted in her seat, watching, as the woman's dress rose slightly, showing more of her upper thighs and the legs gradually opening. He got a slight glimpse of the inner thighs; his gaze fixed on the couple's reflection in the mirror.

Caitlin arched her back a little then spread her legs further apart, giving Stephen better access to her genitals; his nimble fingers began slowly teasing the clitoris and then caressing the folds of the labia. The index finger of one hand pushed its way between the textured folds to pause over her sensitive bud and an involuntary gasp escaped her lips at the gentle touch. Her legs jerked slightly to allow the hand easier admittance to the vagina as he pressed his hand between the trembling thighs, gently kneading the soft flesh of her slippery vulva. His finger continued to wiggled about inside her taut passageway before her groin started to clench and spasm sporadically. She could feel the warm fluid seeping from in-between her aroused sex and gave a muffled cry, forcing his hand harder against her cunt, as the orgasm slammed into her.

Stephen's arousal was clearly evident; the bulge at his pelvis was enormous, as his dick was straining at his trousers. As the orgasm subsided Caitlin couldn't resist reaching into his lap, to squeeze the hardness beneath the fabric. She fondled the stiffened cock and then slowly traced the outline of her lips with her tongue. The blonde woman reached for the zipper of his pants and tugged it downward, manoeuvring one hand inside the gap to retrieve the engorged organ, before slowly lowering her head to flick the top of his penis with her tongue. The aroused guy released an involuntary sigh, as the woman took in as much of his cock as allowable, then returned to lick the head, lapping away at the trickle of pre cum. 

Caitlin continued sucking vigorously on the length of the shaft as his orgasm erupted; his hips jerked uncontrollably but she never released her grip. The blonde swallowed all the creamy discharge and when he eventually stopped shaking, pulled her head away. Some of Stephen's fluids was dribbling down the side of her mouth and she quickly swiped it away with the back of her palm. 

The vehicle came to a complete stop outside a two-story duplex, Josh producing a bunch of keys and using one of the metal objects to unlock the main door. The young man hurriedly leads the way to his second story apartment; its an annoying task climbing the set of stairs in their condition but totally unavoidable, as the building does not have an elevator. Once they have entered the residence, they continue to follow the blonde man through a narrow corridor towards his neatly kept bedroom. Inside the confined space, the sexually charged atmosphere is overwhelming and the three of them immediately collapse onto the waiting bed, with Caitlin crawling over Stephen's supine body, while the other man contemplates his next move.

Josh came up behind her, pulled at the thin straps of the dress and soon the soft fabric was sliding down across her chest to reveal her cleavage, coming to rest at her hips. He cupped his hands around her bountiful breasts gripping the erect nipples between his fingers, tugging roughly on the pair and the blonde shivered slightly. As she continued to kiss Stephen, his hands playing across her exposed back and abdomen, Josh bent over her and nuzzled the back of her neck, with his wet lips, gently nibbling her at the junction of her shoulder. He then returned his attention to pushing Caitlin's dress over her hips getting her completely disrobed, and she broke free of her embrace with the other man to discard with the outfit. 

Naked now, she straddled Stephen again and returned to kissing him once more. The sight of her naked body is too much for the man to bear and he gently pushes her off him, to hastily begin removing his clothing. On the bed Caitlin rolls over onto her back and turns her attention to Josh, clad only in his stained boxers. His cock is already erect pushing through the hole in the pair of under shorts, the head just visible gleaming with tiny droplets of pre-cum. She reaches for the waistband and with a forceful jerk, pulls it downwards to free his cock of its most irritating restraints; her mind recalls their previous encounter and her body shudders at the memory.

Stephen's return interrupts whatever she was contemplating about doing to Josh. The other guy stands at the side of the bed, holding his flaccid penis in one, hand stroking the girth of the shaft; almost eight inches of manhood is presented to her and she cannot resist the urge to crawl over and take it into her mouth. Caitlin maintained eye contact with Stephen as she jerked on his dick and squeezed his balls with her hands, until the lengthy organ began to expand in her grasp. Slowly her tongue snaked out of her mouth and she gently licked the rotund head, before pulling back the thin strip of skin to reveal the head and tiny opening, which was already squirting out tiny droplets of cum. The blonde ran her tongue along the sensitive tissue, and then enveloped the head, before taking as much of the shaft as she could within her mouth. She slowly sucked on the swollen organ until it tensed in her grip, and then abruptly pulled her head away. Stephen groaned in disappointment, but his frown was soon replaced by a smile after she instructed him to lay down in the middle of the bed. 

Stephen's fully inflated cock, protruding erectly from his pelvis is a very welcoming sight, and the blonde immediately moves to crouch over the bulbous head. He held onto her hips as she separated her labia lips and gently lowered herself upon his stiff manhood. Inch after inch gradually disappeared within her moist canal until her perineum was resting against his testicles, rubbing the swollen scrotum. She leaned forward to enable her to share a kiss with the man, his tongue thrusting deep into her receptive mouth. The sensation of being filled with all of Stephen's eight inches was incredible, occasionally he would buck his hips upwards driving his bloated cock even further inside. 

Josh, who had been pumping his own member while looking on, finally decided to rejoin the couple on the bed. As the first load of sperm prepared to erupt from his slit, he aimed the tip between the crack of Caitlin's ass. The warm fluid was now coating the tiny puckered opening of the blonde's anus, and he smeared it about lubricating the rim. The woman felt Josh's hardened dick nestled against the entrance of her rectum momentarily, before forcing its way inside, struggling to stretch the resistant muscles. The head burrowed in and the rigid passageway soon yielded to the determined action of the blonde man's penis.
