 After we made our hello's I said there is no sense in wasting the evening I suggested we all go back to our place and have some drinks and maybe order in. 

Pt got in the car with me, and Tia was riding Phil (with). 

As we drove to my house I noticed a devilish grin on Pt's face and I asked her why she was grinning. 

She said that she thought that they had really pulled one over on me and I do have to admit that they really did. But I was kind of glad they did and it even excited me a little. 

As we drove on I noticed that Pt's Skirt was still hiked up to the crease in her thigh, and I dared her to take it off before we got to the house. 

Without so much as a bat of an eye her shoes and skirt hit the deck and there she sat nude from the waist down and I said why don’t you finish the job. 

She ever so slowly unbuttoned her blouse, and discarded it next to the skirt, again she leaned forward and undid the clasps of her bra and let her beautiful breast with their rings spill into view I was immediately rock hard. Pt giggled and tugged on my cock a little. 

As we pulled into the garage I noticed she was starting to get dressed I said don’t forget you lost the game I keep the clothes. Yeah she said I remember I do need something to wear okay I said the skirt, blouse are enough I GET the REST. 

As she put on the blouse I watched as those great tits disappear from sight, I miss them already. Pt finished as we pulled into the parking spot. 

Tia and Phil had to park in the visitors spots which was pretty far away so I got the opportunity to lay a long passionate kiss on her and fondle her tits a little, man could she kiss it made me even harder and hotter than before. 

We got out of the car just as Phil and Tia arrived at the door we went in. 

When we got to the living room I noticed Tia had about the same amount of clothes as Pt did they looked great. I invited them to sit down and asked if anyone would like a drink. 

Phil and I went to the bar and Tia said she was going to give Pt the dollar tour. 

Phil and I were engaged in a conversation about his invention the hummer and was explaining it work on the principal of an energy cell that is where it gets it power from the two different metals in the jewelry. That's too technical for tonight but we would talk about it in the future I told him it really works great. Oh she must have put the ring's on for you. I laughed and said yea I was a little embarrassed. Phil said don’t be embarrassed she told me she was going to have you. 

We continued to drink and talk about the girls and some of our experiences as couples I do have to admit they were more experienced than Tia or myself. 

I asked Phil how he met my wife he told me he runs a jewelry shop and has a sign body piercing done on the premises, Tia went into his shop and was asking about what kind of piercings I did He told her if it was piercable he could do it. He also told her he made special jewelry for the piercings. 

When Tia said the nipple piercings Phil explained that he had something special where not only the sides but the front of the nipple has a stud sticking out that attached to the barbell. Tia asked if I had any pictures I said better yet I said and took her in the back room where Pt was and asked Pt to show her. I love when she takes her clothes off in public it gives me a hardon just thinking about it. 

I told Tia it would take some time but we could do hers just like Pts she was like a little kid and wanted to start right away and started unbuttoning her blouse and removed her bra, After she was topless and I am telling you your wife is beautiful and her tits are fabulous they were great to work on. Pt laughed when I got a hardon while working on her and Tia noticed to and giggled. That Tia has some tolerance we did both nipples in about twelve minutes and she didn’t even flinch. 

Tia loved it, And I Think Pt was a little turned on to

I said have you seen her vertical. 

It was Phil's turn to be a little embarrassed, He said yes he did and was really impressed. 

That must be a real turn-on for her. I said and for me too you should see when I eat her and play with the barbell. 

Phil said he was going to do Pt's the same way and maybe add a small weight to the top for some extra pressure on the clit. 

I asked if I could be there for that one?

Phil said we will see. 

As we were talking we cold hear the girls as if they were in the next room and I said sounds as if they are having a good time lets go see what they are up to. 

As we crossed the living room the sound were coming from upstairs so I gave Phil the ten cent tour on the way up. 

When we got to the top of the steps I continued on to our bedroom where the master bath is we could hear the water running and the playful sounds coming from the room. 

We went to the door and looked in and there in the shower was Tia washing Pt's sensuous body. 

Pt appeared to be holding onto the side bars of the shower like she was tied there as Tia was working her over with the wash cloth on her upper body along her soft white shoulders and down the slopes of those beautiful shaped tits right to the nipple where Tia tugged on her rings a little extra hard to stretch it out Pt wiggled as if Tia was pulling a little to hard. 

As Phil and I moved in for a closer look we could see that Pt was indeed tied to the hand rails, but was enjoying every minute of it 

I was beginning to see Tia had a little dark side that I didn’t know about, But was enjoying. 

Phil was enjoying it also I could tell form the rather big bulge in his pants and his breathing was a little heaver than usual. 

As we approached the shower Tia was beginning to work her way down the flatness of Pts stomach toward her bald cleft which hid her rings and clit. 

Tia dropped the wash cloth and took the bar of soap in her hand and began massaging

Along the outer lips of her cunt in an up and motion deliberately slow. 

Tia squealed when her finger slipped into the slit of Pt's cunt and discovered her barbells Tia had to look at this closer and put her face right into Pt's crotch and said that looks good enough to eat. She ever so slowly parted the pussy lips with her fingers and took a long slow lick and just nudged the bells this made Pt buck and thrash around trying to get out of her restraints, as Tia continued to devour Pt's pussy and her climax was getting closer I noticed that Tia was using her right hand to stoke the backs of Pt's legs and ass occasionally it would part Pt's ass cheeks and a finger would kind of disappear and Pt would thrash about even more. 

Tia was so into getting herself off she let her left hand would stroke her own pussy and work her barbell against her clit. I could tell she was about to cum her nipples were rock hard and she was starting to quiver. Both woman were about to cum and were squealing and panting and thrashing about in the shower. 

I hadn't noticed that Phil had already got most of his clothes off and had his rather large cock in his hand and pounding for all he was worth. 

Tia was torturing Pt's with little licks and nips and tugs on the barbells crossing her clit when Pt pushed her pelvis forward and began to buck against Tia's face and was riding Tia to her orgasm, after what seemed like an eternity Pt pulled back and could take no more she could hardly stand except for the straps and her own hand holding her to the hand rails

Tia had not quite gotten off yet and noticed that we were outside of the shower and giggled, Pt turned from her delirious state and laughed also. 

Phil had his cock in his hand and was still pounding it when the girls spoke up and said

"DON’T WASTE IT GIVE IT TO US!"

the girls hopped out of the shower and we helped them dry off this really had us going. 

the girls walked over to the king size bed and lay in each others arm's and began to whisper to on another. They giggled and said Well you watched us and now we want to watch you two, And they were DEAD SERIOUS. 

Well the looks on our faces must have been priceless. 

Tia and Pt both lay naked on the bed. Tia spoke up and said you see how naked we are well if you want any part of us you better get each other off. Otherwise it will be a girls night in. 

Phil and I were both so horny we both had hardons that you could hit with a hammer and break the hammer!

Pt said why don’t you start by getting your clothes off. 

You didn’t have to invite Phil twice and he was nude, He did have a very athletic body and that cock of his was a monster, I didn’t know how Pt handled it. 

I had finally got my clothes off and stood there naked to the world the girls decided to have some fun and made the both of us pose and turn and jerk off a little in front of them. 

Pt said Phil why don’t you show Bill how to start. 

Phil went down on his knees and took the head of my cock in his mouth and began to nurse off the end of it like it was a soda bottle and then all of a sudden he opened his lips and took the entire length of my cock into his mouth and to the back of his throat, and then to the head where he would tongue and suck and lick and devour it right to the end. 

He seemed pretty good at what he was doing and really worked my dick over. 

The girls giggled and said don’t make him cum yet We think its his turn. 

I knew if I had reneged even a little I wouldn’t be getting any of Tia or Pt Tonight and I intended to fuck both of them at least once tonight. 

The girls made Phil get on the bed and he was laying there with this enormous cock sticking up. I made a joke and asked how big is that cock of yours Pt replied about ten inches. 

Without hesitation I leaned over and surrounded the head of his cock with my lips and flicked the end of my tongue back and fourth I could taste the precum on the end of his cock it wasn’t all that bad I opened my lips and jaw and decided to try and get part of it in my mouth as I slid down the length of his big cock and felt the head bump against the back of my throat I started to pump up and down like I was being fucked in the mouth. 

Tia shouted don’t cheat no hands. 

I pumped on it for a while and Phil was starting to pump back at my mouth, So I pulled it out of my mouth and began to lick all around the head this made Phil recoil and start to buck. 

Both girls said at the same time enough of that let us have some. 

I released Phil's dick from my mouth but still holding it what do you have in mind?

We want to fuck!!

Let's make it a game. 

Okay said the girls and Phil. 

Here's what we do We do everything we can to get one of the couple off and who every cums first loses. 

What do the winners get?

The losing couple becomes their slaves for a weekend. 

As we were laying there I noticed that Pt was stroking Tia's ball and was working her clit pretty hard she also had Tia's nipple between her thumb and forefinger and was squeezing it a little. Tia was starting to react to the sensuous treatment she was getting. I asked which partners are we talking about girl, guy, girl, girl, two guys or two girls one guy?

Well we must start somewhere said Pt and right now I am enjoying Tia. 

Well suppose Phil and I double teamed you while you were doing Tia would that count?

Why don’t you try me and find out. 

Pt rolled over onto Tia and went directly to her barbell and was eating Tia to an earth shattering orgasm. 

As she was licking and sucking Tia I placed myself under Pt's sweet box and spread her legs so I could start to eat her I stroked her inner thighs and went to the outer lips of her delicious cunt I inserted my tongue into the bald cleft and lapped upwards toward her swollen clit when I brushed against her clit bars it was like setting off a wild woman she bucked and mashed her pussy into my face and began to ride me as she was sucking off my wife this was the life. 

I didn’t notice that Phil had climbed to the top of the bed and was getting a blow job from Tia who was having a hard time trying to get all of Phil into her mouth. 

I mumbled something about me being lonely and nobody doing any thing for me. 

Tia was in seventh heaven Pt was sucking and playing with her barbell and clit while she would occasionally swab the entire slit from the top to the bottom and Tia would squirm and suck harder on Phil's cock. 

I suddenly felt something warm and wet cover my cock which was already at attention. 

As I broke my stare at Pt's cunt and looked down I cold see Tia had moved around and began sucking my cock, Phil was behind her eating her pussy while Pt was sucking on Phil's enormous cock and It was like watching a sword swallower she started at the head and consumed the entire length when she got to a point I watched as she twisted her head a little and then straighten her head again as if she were putting in an s tube and devoured his entire cock without gagging. 

Tia was working my cock up and down the back of her throat and trying to suck me dry. 

I have to tell you with all this going on it was kind of hard not to shoot my load to soon. 

As I felt my load building in I tried to think of something else but it was no use Tia and Pt had moved around and were both working on my cock as Phil was pumping Tia in her cunt and playing with her nipples. 

It was too late I began to moan and I could feel my dick start to pump my hot load as both girls were sucking and nibbling on the head when Pt sucked the entire length into her mouth and stole the entire load I could feel her swallowing it. 

Pt squealed with joy they had one we were to become their slaves for the weekend. 

Needless to say, the rest of the night was one fuckfest that Pt or Tia would never forget. 

To Be Continued... 