 My plane was about to touchdown at Sky Harbor airport in Phoenix so I fastened my seatbelt. It was a short flight from my southern California condo but I was excited to again see my online friend Nancy and her husband Joe as well as get a much needed break from college during my December holiday vacation. She invited my boyfriend Shane and I to stay with them for a week and after the immediate holiday, it became the perfect time.

It was December 27th and we going to be there until the second day of the new year. I had met Nancy only once, five years prior, at an Arizona State party and we ended up having so much sexual fun at a fraternity house. You may have read about that experience in "Let's Make a Fraternity Porno." Since that time, we had kept in contact with steamy late night chats but hadn't had an opportunity to meet up and in all that time, I had wanted to get together again.

Nancy and Joe were in their early sixties and even though their individual ages were more than Shane's 27 and my 24 years combined, we had a connection that was indescribable. Nancy was very sexual and a hotwife who had taken and continues to take many lovers with her husband's permission. I envied her lifestyle and wished I could get my boyfriend to allow me to do the same.

Shane, on the other hand, not only felt differently, he was unsure about us going. He was more of a traditional relationship kind of guy who still fought jealousy with my flirtatious nature. He was trying to be more understanding with my sexuality and agreed to go stay in Phoenix but could not arrive until late on the 29th due to his business. He was going to make the six hour drive and I would ride back with him. He was unsure of my plans but I was hoping to convert him once we were there.

The Uber in which I was riding pulled up next to the Villa and I quickly spotted Nancy standing on the porch smiling. She began walking toward the vehicle looking fantastic wearing a red top and white shorts. With her 5'7 small frame and short reddish auburn hair, she looked more like a woman not a day over 40.

I got out and we hugged as I spoke into her hair, "It is so great to finally see you again in person. It has been too long. Thanks for the invite. We are going to have so much fun."

We broke our embrace and she chuckled, "It is our pleasure. I am just glad it has worked out even if our significant others cannot be here for the duration. You and I will have a blast."

Nancy had told me that her husband Joe had accepted a four day golf outing invite with his friends at Hilton Head but would be back in a few days. The day after would be when some of our online couple friends were to arrive for their New Year's Eve party and her she-shed christening which at that moment, I wasn't quite sure what that meant but would soon find out.

Nancy helped me carry in my bags and while we walked, "Let me show you to your room and I have an idea for hubby."

When we sat the bags down in her guest room, she revealed her plan, "Joe will get picked up by his buddy Tim in an hour and they will head to the airport. Right now he is in the shower and I want you to sneak in on him and give him a great surprise. He has no idea you are here yet."

That is what I loved about Nancy. She was always thinking of naughty things which I could totally relate too. I questioned her idea but she insisted. I stripped my top over my dark blonde hair and dropped it on the floor before unhooking my bra and tossing it on top of my shirt. Soon my shorts hit the pile followed by my panties. After kicking off my cute slides, I was completely nude and snickering as we approached the bathroom door.

She pushed it open and Joe was lathering himself up and she whispered to me, "As soon as he washes his face, sneak in behind him. He will think it is me."

Sure enough, the water cascaded over his face and I made my move. I opened the shower door and stood behind him. He thought I was Nancy when I pressed my breasts up against his back and reached around his chest for a soft hug.

He spit out water and commented to whom he thought was his wife, "Hey babe. I can't believe you are joining me in here. Too bad I don't have more time."

He wouldn't have known the difference because Nancy and I were close to the same size. I was 5'6 and weighed 120 pounds and even though she had slightly bigger breasts, he wouldn't be able to tell that from behind. I rubbed and helped him lather his front while I kissed his back. By that time, Nancy was also naked and standing in the bathroom, snickering under her breath. I had Joe moaning as he continued to think his wife was pressed up against his soapy body.

From outside the shower, Nancy spoke, "Honey, what time to do you leave?"

He then snapped to attention and turned around quickly, "WHAT?"

I smiled and gave him a little wave, "Hi Joe. It is good to see you again. Nancy said you might need some help in here before you leave. I was making sure you were totally clean...especially your pipes."

Before he could answer, Nancy opened the shower door and slipped in behind him now that he was facing me. He was the meat in our human shower sandwich as her breasts were pressed up against his back. My hands that were rubbing his chest began to go lower and lower until I was soaping his cock and balls. It was about half erect and getting fatter by the second.

I giggled, "Since you are in a hurry, we can't waste any time getting this all clean."

Nancy was circling her slippery boobs on his back while pinching his nipples and I was getting wet from more than just the shower. I sat down on the built-in shower seat located in the back which put me at eye level to Joe's crotch. The water had rinsed all the soap off his six inch erection but I continued stroking it by using the remaining wetness and with my elbow out to the side, I stared directly at the head. Nancy was rubbing on her hubby and around his chest, through his mostly gray body hair. I had quickened my pace of jerking his cock.

The shower water continued flowing down on the Nancy's back. After squirting a large glob of shampoo in my palm, I grabbed his cock and used it as lubrication. I was jerking it so quickly, you could hear that washing machine squishing sound. Joe moaned and leaned back as to give me complete control over his penis.

I looked up directly into his eyes while coaxing, "I bet that feels great. Just think while you're gone, I'm going to fuck your wife and in a couple of days, she is going to be taking cock from my boyfriend. I hope you aren't upset that he is hung and will probably fuck her through the mattress." I teasingly added before opening my mouth, "Does that turn you on? Show me how much it does by cumming all over my face."

As if Nancy was holding up her husband he began to grunt while ejaculating, "Oh! Unghh! Unghh! Unghhh!"

His cock spit onto my tongue with the first shot and then began to paint my face with each subsequent squirt. I moved it around in attempt to cover it entirely. I cooed, "Oh yes! I love it! Give me all you have! Don't stop until your balls are empty!"

When his cock had stopped depositing semen all over my face, Joe's knees went weak and he exhaled before announcing, "Damn, that was intense! Just what I needed. Brittni, you are one naughty girl."

I giggled with globs of cum obstructing my eyesight. After swallowing the little amount in my mouth, I blindly maneuvered around them so I could wash the slime off my face. The three of us continued to shower and wash each other until every nook of our bodies had been scrubbed several times over. Joe got out and allowed us girls to play under the water. She showed me her recently added belly ring which was similar to mine. Nancy was fascinated with my breasts as she couldn't get enough of my nipples and I was fascinated with her ass and couldn't get enough of it.

After we had our fill with each other's favorite body part, we concentrated on each other's pussy. She went first and sat down with her legs up as I shaved hers smooth and then she razored my stubble until my female area was the same. Before we pruned, we got out and Nancy loaned me a robe and while we were brushing our hair, Joe's ride came to pick him up.

We stood at the doorway while he and Tim loaded up the golf clubs and his suitcase. He came back and said, "Brittni, welcome and make yourself at home." He then kissed Nancy before saying, "I love you. Have a great time. I will see you in a few days and we will have an even better time."

When his car sped away, she smiled at me, "I really love him so much. Now let me show you my new shed."

Still in our robes, walking barefoot through the house, we came to the back door then the back porch. From there I could see a new building that was half on her property and half on another person's property. It was a girly, beautiful wooden shed trimmed in burgundy. It reminded me of an adult version of a dollhouse with cute blinds and her homemade curtains.

I followed her on a little concrete trail to the door and when we entered, it had that newly built, fresh wood and paint smell. There were several apparatuses that fascinated me because I recognized them to be for sexual use. As I gazed at that immaculate little building, I gasped, "Wow! This is something else."

Nancy laughed, "Guys can have their man-cave so I figured I could have my she-shed. I didn't have enough room so I share this building with Robert and George, my gay neighbors. There used to be a wall between our properties and we tore it out and built this. My two construction workers will be here in a few days to finish adding the crown molding over there and it will be complete. Isn't it great?"

I first noticed the pattern on the cute curtains with matching pillows everywhere which I later come to find out Nancy made herself. I looked around and saw a sex swing, a Sybian riding horse with a dildo sticking up, a pillory that secured someone's head and hands like in the medieval days, a rolling fucking machine with a dildo that moved back and forth when turned on, and finally the two pieces that seemed to not fit a sex theme. They were a hair salon chair with beauty supplies on shelves beside it and a sewing machine desk.

I pointed at the chair and desk and laughed, "Those look out of place."

She laughed back, "Sweetie, only one of them is out of place. I love to sew so I had to have that in here and the salon chair is for Robert and George because they are hair dressers. But I want to show you something."

She walked over to the salon chair and pulled a lever causing it to fall back into a flat position. She then took each leg pad and pulled them out. She laughed, "Tada! Now it is a stirrup table like you would see at a gynecologist's office. Put your legs right here on these pads and spread your legs."

I exclaimed, "That is so cool. I want to try it out."

I laid down on the chair and put my feet onto the "stirrups" with my closed robe resembling a dress. I untied it so that I could spread my legs really wide. The cool air felt good on my freshly shaved sensitive pussy lips.

Nancy blurted out, "Oh my God...don't move. Your pussy looks amazing like that. It is so pink and tight. You care if I go down on it?"

I grinned, "Be my guest."

Just like a gynecologist going in for a closer look, she stooped down, manually spread my legs and began slowly licking my folds. Her tongue danced around my labia like she was trying to cover ever inch with her saliva. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the warm stimulation. She would to this thing with her tongue where she fluttered it against my slit opening then would pucker and go inside me with a large kiss. I loved how it felt and I was building up to an orgasm.

My head was shifting back and forth, "You are going to make me cum doing that."

She continued licking while adding a deep hum. That vibration sent me over the edge and my body tightened up. I held my breath and exhaled in rhythm with every orgasmic twitch of my vagina. When it had ceased, I hissed, "Now I want more."

Nancy walked over to a beautiful wooden chest and pulled out a strap-on with a six inch purple gel dildo attached to it. It was lying on top of a pile of adult toys. While fastening the straps around her waist and between her legs, she shifted the phallus until it stuck out perfectly from her crotch like a man's penis. She rotated her hips back and forth causing the cock to sway side to side while commenting, "I think this will do just fine."

I was still half laying in the reclined chair with my legs spread and feet in the "stirrups" when Nancy stood between them on her tiptoes for proper height adjustment. When the gel filled rubber cock entered my wet canal, I shuddered, "Oh my! That feels amazing."

She was pressed up against my crotch and pumped my pussy with it. It was difficult but I managed to keep my feet up on the foot pads. I would have never guessed she could move her hips so fast but that mushy rubber was going to make me cum again quickly.

She seductively asked, "Is my little pixie going to cum again?"

I whimpered, "Uh...huh."

Her thighs were slapping against my ass cheeks and I started moaning in orgasmic pleasure, "Uhhhhhhhhhhh...Mmmmmmm! Ohhhhhh! God...that was a good one!"

She grinned and backed up so that I could see my thick white cum smeared on the purple dildo. Taking her finger, she swiped a glob and sucked it off her digit, "Mmmm. You taste great." She then continued to clean my juices from that "cock" and licking it off her fingers like she was removing the sticky from holding a doughnut.

I put my legs down and stood up, "I want to do you. I am craving your pussy and need it now."

Nancy giggled, "Let me take this thing off." She unstrapped it and allowed it to drop to the floor and we stood in front of each other completely nude.

I took her hand and led her to the sex swing. I helped her sit down in it and put her ankles in the Velcro straps. She laid back and now it was her turn having her legs spread and up in the air. Her married bald pussy was gooey and inviting. Taking a pillow, I was down on my knees and my first move was to clamp my mouth around her lower hanging left pussy lip. It was wet and I sucked it like a nipple while allowing my nose to wonder inside her slit. Her natural scent combined with her Bath and Body spray was heavenly.

She was moaning and I used the swing to my advantage by keeping my head still, my tongue out and manually moving her back and forth on it. I could stop her, lick her clit and pee hole before moving her again. I was mashing her so forcefully on my face that her juices were present on my cheeks.

She began to moan louder, "I'm cumming! Ohhhhhh! Yesssss! Ohhhhhh! Eat it, Britt!"

I ate her out just like that for another ten minutes until she orgasmed once more only that time she released a little squirt that dribbled down my chin and neck. It was so erotic to feel her warm female ejaculate splashing me. It was slightly salty but tasted good.

We stopped our sex play and put our robes back on. Before we walked out of the shed and back into the house, I asked, "Why does each door have this low hanging picture on it?"

Nancy lit up, "Oh my God, I'm glad you asked that. I almost forgot." She pulled one side of the picture and it swung out like they do when one would see a wall safe behind it only behind this was a perfectly cut rectangle that led to the outside. She giggled while looking back at me, "You like it? I had to have gloryholes built into each door. Guys can stand outside and give us their ding-a-lings."

I laughed, "I love it! You really have thought of everything. We are going to have so much fun on New Year's Eve."

Once inside, we toured the house, got a snack, and sat on the couch talking. It was good seeing Nancy and as usual we mostly discussed sex. She informed me that Scott, one of her winter lovers, wanted us to come over the next day for dinner. His villa was just a short walk from Nancy's. After a couple of hours and glasses of wine, we headed off to bed.

I was slightly tipsy and in the bathroom peeing when Nancy stuck her head in the doorway and instructed, "By the way, while my hubby is gone, you can stay in our room with me. You won't need pajamas, we can sleep nude together."

It sounded great and after brushing my teeth, I soon found myself under the blankets in Nancy's bed. With the exception of some moonlight sneaking in the window, we continued to talk in the darkness like a couple of school girls. We worked ourselves closer and closer until our nude bodies were pressed against each other. We kissed softly and rubbed each other's breasts. For having two children, she had fantastic boobs with large gumdrop sized nipples. I couldn't resist but to suck on them creating heavy breathing from her.

My arousal was transformed into energy and I allowed my fingers to wonder down between her legs. She was slick with moisture and I couldn't help but dart a couple in and out. While I fingered her pussy, I only stopped sucking her nipples to periodically lift my hand to taste her juices. Even though I had just ate it in the shed, I was hooked again and needed more.

I whispered, "Do you care if I go down on you a little while?"

She smiled, "Of course not Sweetie. You can go down there and lick me all you want."

Keeping the blankets up around her breasts, I slid down the bed to get to her gooey vagina. On my journey down, I reached her pierced belly ring just and it was similar to mine. I stopped to lick around it to create that tingling. With the erotic smell trapped inside the covers, I couldn't resist any longer and needed to lick every inch of that pussy over and over. I reached my destination and Nancy would dig her bare feet into the mattress and tighten her legs when I would touch a sensitive area. I couldn't get enough and every time she would orgasm, I would drink her nectar and proceed to lick it that much more.

It was pitch black and the fresh air was stale but I didn't care. In my buzzed and horny state, I couldn't get enough pussy and Nancy had no problem with that. I would use my thumbs to spread her folds and literally try to shove my entire face inside her. I lost track of just how many times she came but it had to be in double figures. I eventually became exhausted and fell asleep while eating it.

I remember throughout the night, I would briefly wake up to munch a little more before going back out. The scent was intoxicating and I used her pubic area as my pillow. Nancy was the first to wake up and gently slid out from under me without me knowing. Later in the morning, I awoke with her licking me. It was a pleasant wakeup call and eventually I grabbed a fist full of her hair and climaxed all over her grinding face.

With my juices fresh on her lips and her scent all over my face, she crawled up overtop me and fed me my own taste with a large kiss, "Good morning Sweetie. Did you sleep well? I know I did."

I smiled as I opened my eyes, "Oh yes. That is the perfect way to be woken up. Would you want to go home with my and be my own personal alarm clock?"

She laughed at my joke, "As long as you stay here and be my own personal sleep aid. The last time I looked at the clock before I fell asleep, you had been licking my pussy for just over two hours! I thought it was the least I could do to return the favor this morning."

Shaking my head in approval, I agreed, "Mmm, I'm glad you did. What are we going to do today?"

Hopping up off the bed, she handed me my robe and requested, "I have breakfast and coffee in the kitchen then we are going for a bike ride before we head over to Scott's place."

We sat in our robes, sipping our warm lattes while eating breakfast. The Arizona weather was to be a cooler 55 degrees so we dressed in our spandex leggings, tennis shoes, and I wore a Nike hoodie while Nancy wore a lightweight zip up jacket. When I asked her if she had an extra bike for me, she responded, "I have that taken care of."
