 This is the second story in the "Shameless Slut" series. Each of the stories is standalone, but you may appreciate this one better if you read the other one as well. The nature of these stories is that the protagonist is trying new things as she discovers her sexuality, so each story will touch on different kinks and genres. So, some stories might be your thing and others not as much. Hope you enjoy this adventure.

*****

Heather had been a busy girl. Ever since her sexual awakening during the camping trip the weekend before, she had had an itch that was getting harder and harder to scratch. Her pussy ached and pleaded with her; it craved constant attention. Heather felt herself fidgety and distracted. When she got home from the camping trip, she and her over-sexed friend Tabitha took a trip to the porn store and got her some sex toys of her own. She and Tabitha played with them back in her dorm room for the rest of that Sunday night. The next week was a blur, which was both fun and a disaster for her educationally. It was the week before final exams and she had missed most of her classes. Her new friends from the camping trip had not been as available as she would have liked, so she had spent most of the week furiously diddling herself.

Heather had been pouring over the tube porn sites so much that she already felt burnt out over them. She had discovered over the last week of isolation and masturbation that she had certain kinks and tastes that she didn't know she had. She watched a lot of group sex videos and remembered how great it felt to let go of her inhibitions and fuck like an animal in the woods with two sexy guys and Tabitha. Because of her experience, she also discovered that she liked lipstick fake porn lesbian sex. She had tried the more realistic porn with more butch actresses, but that just wasn't for her. Besides a proclivity towards pretty lesbians, Heather also craved big cock. Her best orgasms where when the guy in the movie was a real stud and fucked like a champ. She thought about Jake's heavy dick and it made her moan with desire. At this point in her life, she didn't really care that he had the charisma of sawdust when she thought about what he could do to her physically. 

Heather turned off some European site where the boyfriend had to watch as his best friend screwed his girlfriend for money to check her email. It was the usual garbage, ads, offers, and nonsense. Matt sent her a funny picture. A message marked urgent popped up as soon as someone knocked on the door. She made a mental note to read the message later, it was from her Economics Professor.

"This room smells like sex! Do you have anybody over?" Tabitha whispered from the door. 

"I doubt I would be very successful hiding anybody in here. This room is tiny."

"That's true. Next year, let's get an apartment together and get you out of the dorms."

Heather thought quickly about what it might be like to live with Tabitha: showers together, lingerie, and boys that would be all too willing to come by and try to please both of them. "That sounds pretty good."

Tabitha saw the sex toys that Heather hadn't bothered to put away. "Is this why you haven't been returning my texts or calls all week? Have you been playing with yourself all week?"

"Not all week." She wasn't sure if she was lying or not. The last week had been a blur. "I just have been playing a little catch up, that's all." Heather looked around her dorm room and saw how it probably looked. She and her room were a mess. She felt embarrassed and started to put away all of her sex toys.

She felt Tabitha's hand stop her. "Hey, it's okay. I obviously don't mind these things. I did help you buy them."

Heather felt herself continue to blush. "I guess that is kind of silly huh?"

"It's okay. I really enjoyed my first year away from my parents too." Tabitha smiled rather conspiratorially. Heather hadn't really ever thought about what Tabitha must have been like during her freshman year. When she looked at how hot her ass looked in her jeans and how her V-neck shirt showed off her perfect tits, Heather thought that she must have had a pretty good time though. She thought Tabitha really dressed to kill. She always wore tight sexy clothes and showed off her curves. Heather, on the other hand, needed to step up her game. She looked in the mirror and saw that her face was flushed and her "bed head" was not doing her many favors. She thought she looked kind of sexy, but definitely not ready to go out. It was Thursday after all, the unofficial official start of the college weekend and she and Tabitha were going to a party.

"I, uh, guess I should clean up and get dressed. What time is the party?"

"Before you do that, I got one more surprise for you." Tabitha reached into her purse and pulled out a red bag that Heather instantly recognized from the sex store in town. Her eyes lit up as Tabitha pulled out a large pink dildo with straps on it.

"Is that a strap-on?"

Tabitha smiled, "See, a week of watching hardcore porn has done wonders for your education!" She licked her lips and looked at Heather like she wanted to eat her, because she did. "Want to try it?"

"Well, yeah. What's it like?"

"Drop your pajama pants and I'll show you."

Heather pulled off her t-shirt and pajama pants and stood naked in front of Tabitha. She waited as her best friend looked her up and down. She smiled because she liked what she saw. Heather had always been athletic and strict with her diet. It was times like these when she enjoyed the confidence of having an ass that you could bounce a quarter off of. Then again, Tabitha was voluptuous and Heather thought that she was sexy too, so it worked for all sizes she guessed. She felt a nervous excitement as Tabitha took her clothes off. She thought it was sensual how her friend smiled right before they were going to do something totally outrageous together. Heather felt her pussy getting needy and excited. Now that she was more comfortable with herself than she had been even the week before, she took pleasure in the moisture her excitement was causing. She had to fight to not squeal with delight when Tabitha finally got disrobed and put the strap-on on. She looked at her friend with the pink phallus and giggled. It was a little silly looking.

"What are you laughing at?"

"Just your great big pink dick, ma'am."

"I'll give you something to giggle out." She motioned with her head. "Come over here and suck my dick you slut." Tabitha made her voice a little deeper to impersonate a man. Heather thought her role playing was cute.

"Yes sir!" She bounced over to her and immediately dropped to her knees and begin immediately deep throating the dildo like her friend had shown her just a few days ago.

"You've been practicing haven't you?"

"MMM-HMMM" She had tried to answer, but Tabitha had grabbed her by the back of the head and pumped her fake cock into her mouth. Heather felt around and groped at her ass. This went on until Heather reached for Tabitha's ample bosom. Tabitha drew back from this and seemed a little annoyed. Heather realized her mistake; Tabitha was playing a part. She was going to be a pig headed man "getting his," and by Heather grabbing her tits; it took her out of it some.

"That's enough of that, get up on your bed and get on all fours bitch." 

Heather, remembering her role as a submissive, did exactly as she was told. Tabitha prepared to mount her from behind. She grabbed her waist with her left hand and slapped Heather's ass cheek with her right. "Damn, you got a tight body. I'm going to wreck your shit tonight."

"Be gentle, this is my first time." Heather couldn't help it, she giggled on that last line.

"Yeah right." With that Tabitha slammed the dildo into Heather's pussy. The strap-on was just like any of the other sex toys that she had, but with her friend controlling it, it just made it easier to get lost in the fantasy. It was just a matter of seconds before Heather was bucking against the dildo, and she erupted in climax. Tabitha had her so worked up that she pulled the sheets off of the bed from gripping the mattress so tight.

After her first eye-crossing climax, Heather looked back to see why Tabitha had paused. Tabitha was looking down and said very seriously, "No, you didn't give me what I wanted. We'll just have to keep doing this until I get what I want."

Heather grinned, "You promise?" With that, Tabitha thrust inside of her again. She fucked Heather relentlessly with the strap-on for another twenty minutes when she came for the fourth time, and Tabitha stopped again. Heather looked back and saw that her friend had been working hard. She had a sheen of sweat on her forehead and a look of determination. Tabitha pumped away again, but this time she used one of her fingers in Heather's ass. She bit her lower lip, enjoying the digit. Her whole body convulsed in an eye crossing orgasm that finally gave Tabitha what she wanted. Heather squirted all over the pink phallus and her friend's sexy thighs. She looked back to Tabitha and grinned. She collapsed onto the bed as Tabitha slowly licked the dildo.

"Hmm, that's exactly what I wanted... Dirty girl." They rested in her squeaky poorly made dorm bed while she caught her breath. After a few minutes, Tabitha spoke up, "You want to get cleaned up and we'll go out tonight?"

"Sure, but what would be better than that?"

"That was fun, but you know real dick is better."

Heather thought about it, it was fun playing around with her friend and toys, but the real thing was better, way better. "Is Matt coming?" Heather had been with Tabitha's maybe boyfriend once the weekend before, and she knew that he would be down for anything the two girls cooked up for him.

Tabitha crinkled her nose, "Probably not. Matt is kind of cool, and he is definitely good for fucking, but I'm not in the mood for him tonight. Let's just go out and see what happens."

Heather nodded. It comforted her that Matt was not that important to her friend because she was thinking about blowing him again and didn't want to betray her friend to do it. As she thought of his slim swimmers body, she remembered the urgent email that she had gotten before Tabitha had shown up to pound her pussy with a strap-on. "Yeah hold, before I get ready, I better check my email." Heather opened up her laptop, read her email, and frowned. "Shit, I can't go out tonight."

"What?" Now Tabitha was frowning too. "Why not?"

"That was an email from my Economics Professor, If I don't get at least a "C" tomorrow on my test, I'll fail the class."

"Oh, that sucks. But hey, that's pretty cool that he emailed you. I've never had a Professor email me to warn me about my shitty grades. Are you banging the prof young lady?" Tabitha mock wagged her finger at Heather, who playfully pushed it aside.

"No! But I may have to if my studying tonight doesn't go well." Heather had blushed. It was one thing for your friend to make you cum five times in an afternoon playing around, but it was an entirely different thing to have sex with a Professor for grades. She pictured her Economics Professor jogging through the quad. Sure he was bald and too old for a college freshman like her, but he didn't have an ounce of fat on his body from years of jogging, and he did seem really smart, which was pretty alluring to Heather. The thought of seducing a man like Professor Miles seemed very attractive to her. She had been seduced by and seduced boys her age for the first time the weekend before, but she could already see the benefits of an older man too.

"Well, then promise me you are going to come over to my house tomorrow after your exam. I'm having some people over. It might get pretty wild for a dork like you that stays home to study on a Thursday night." 

"I'll be there tomorrow. You couldn't have a great party without a nerd like me." Heather playfully stuck her tongue out to her leaving friend. She was a little disappointed to have to study that night and stay home, but it was real nice seeing Tabitha's ass in jeans walking away.

The next afternoon, Heather had not felt her best; she had been up too late studying, and she was pretty sure that this test was going to be a real shit show. She went to the bathroom and tried to get over any last minute test anxiety. She checked herself out in the mirror. After the last week, she saw herself differently. She didn't see a little girl in the mirror anymore. She didn't change what she wore so much as how differently she carried herself now. She had confidence in herself. She had been awakened and experienced a new facet of life that she wanted to experience many, many more times before she was too old or too married. She smiled and forgot about her test momentarily. She felt good about herself and her new life in college.

Those good feelings lasted about three minutes into the test. Heather had studied the wrong chapters. She panicked at the sight of theories and formulas that she had never seen before. It was a nightmare. She looked around in a panic; she hoped to see if Professor Miles had given out the wrong exam and if anyone else was freaked out. No luck, everyone else seemed to have the same test and were working along like they actually knew it and weren't so distracted with thoughts of Tabitha and her new toy that they actually studied the right chapters. She started to get really upset with herself for missing so many classes the week before just so she could stay home and finger herself constantly. Heather tried not to cause too much of a disturbance as she packed her belongings and ran for the door without crying too audibly. 

Heather cried softly in the hallway outside of the auditorium. Henry Lee, Dr. Miles' teacher's assistant, followed after her about a minute later. Even though he was only a few years older than her, she really thought he had it together and seemed so much more mature than her. She thought Henry was kind of dork-cute. He wore black horn-rimmed glasses and had smooth skin. What she really thought was attractive about him was his easy, kind eyes. He seemed empathetic somehow. Heather, hadn't really had many opportunities before, but she thought a nice Asian guy like Henry would be a good choice for a boyfriend. She perked up a little with the thought of being with a nice guy like him would be great for her; he could help her study and be there for her when she needed him. Unfortunately, she would probably be a terrible girlfriend right now. She would eventually have to fuck all of his friends and family as soon as he was too busy to fill her considerable needs. She was a shameless eighteen year old slut and she had deep needs to fill now. 'Nice guy' boyfriends would be there for her when she was ready to slow down and get married. For now, maybe a 'nice guy' fuck buddy would be a good idea too, but not Henry. The more she thought about him, the less she was interested in him. He seemed too serious. Sex was still new to Heather, and she wanted to have as much fun as possible.

"Hey, are you okay?" Henry knelt down to put his hand on her shoulder and smiled warmly. Feeling the strength in his hand sent flutters up Heather stomach. She felt her pussy tingle with excitement. She reached up and felt her mascara run down her cheek. She thought she probably looked like a hot mess, but she still tried to show her perky Cs to him through the top of her tank top as she recounted how she felt like an idiot for studying the wrong chapters. He seemed to take the bait. He stared intently at her chest as she talked and occasionally licked his lips. He brightened when he realized that he would be able to help her.

"Hey! It's going to be okay. We have test retakes in three days for freshmen, and if you come with me now to Professor Miles' office, I can get you the right study guide."

Heather, ever the perky cheerleader, clapped and bounced to her feet. "That's awesome. Thank you for being so nice."

He blushed a little as he pushed his glasses back on his nose. "That's okay. It's no big deal. I'm happy to help, besides we all make mistakes, right?" Heather smiled at him slyly as she passed him to lead the way to the office. She hoped that he enjoyed the view of her ass in tight jeans in front of him. She had been working on making her hips sway for the past week as she walked around campus, when she actually made it out of her dorm long enough, that is. It seemed to work on most of the boys around the quad. She knew this because she had witnessed two boys wreck their bikes as they passed her. She had been wearing short little vinyl shorts that were typically for soccer or jogging, but Heather wore them to show off her long tan legs and tight aerobicized butt. The jeans seemed to be working today. When she turned back to smile at him when they got to the office door, he was zeroed in on her. Heather thought he was lucky that he was cute, because he was not smooth at all.

They entered the small office that consisted of a desk and chairs and cases of books about economics that no one in their right mind would ever read or write lined the back wall. She smiled when she saw the picture of Dr. Miles crossing the finishing line of what looked like a marathon. Henry handed her the study guide and smiled like that was all. Heather thought that was probably why nice guys finish last. They are too shy to get any.

Heather looked back to check that the door to the small office was closed and placed her purse on the Professor's desk. She turned to Henry to find him still checking her out. She figured that now was a good time as any. "Henry, do you like girls?"

He broke his gaze and answered her like a guilty man. "Yeah, I do, but I don't have mu-"

She interrupted him by dropping to her knees in front of him. "Then I guess that will make this easier." 

She began to tug at the zipper of his business casual khaki pants when he got a panicked look. "No, you shouldn't do that here. We could get in trouble." He pleaded with her.

She took her hand and massaged his cock through his pants. "C'mon Henry, do you always do what you are supposed to? Let's have some fun." With that she got his zipper down and pulled out his dick. It wasn't exactly impressive in size or girth, but Henry's cock stood straight up. His eagerness and lust was a real turn on for her.

She smiled sexily at him as she took him into her mouth. He tensed as she slowly worked him. He soon quit begging off and grew silent. It didn't take long to submit to her seduction as she massaged his balls. He grabbed her by the back of the head and slowly pumped his hips. She took this as a cue to be a still as possible and let him mouth fuck her. Henry had a smaller cock, but he knew what he liked. He pumped short, fast strokes into Heather's eager mouth. She was getting really turned on listening to him breathing hard as he pumped like a rabbit into her, but what really turned her on was the sound of the other college kids in the hallway coming to and from class. They were doing what they were supposed to while she was about to get her TA's load in her mouth. She heard and felt him slow down and got ready to get his hot cum in her throat or maybe he would be a real pig and jizz all over her tits. She would have to figure out how to get back to her dorm with load all over her, but that thought turned her on even more. Heather had been so busy hoping that he would come all over her clothes that she didn't hear Professor Miles enter his office.

"Well, well, well... I wondered where you two got off to. Henry, you can't bring them here you know." He reached behind himself and locked the door. "Unless you do that."

Henry scrambled to put himself away. She thought it was a real shame. Why should a perfectly good set of balls like his have to turn blue. "No, no, Henry. Don't worry about that, just sit." Professor Miles pointed to a seat in the corner. Henry looked confused but did what he was told. Heather thought he looked kind of funny with his cock sticking out of his pants sitting with a dumb look on his face. Professor Miles turned to Heather and looked at her sternly. "How dare you do that with my T.A. before me. Get back on your knees now.
