 "Kanika.... wake up, Kanika!!"

I opened my eyes sleepily and saw Rohan combing his hair in front of the mirror.

"You're finally awake!" he smiled at me "Looks like you were really tired after last night. Didn't have energy to put on a nightgown, did you?"

I looked at him quizzically, and then looked down at myself... I was naked! I never slept in the nude. Even when Rohan and I had sex, I always made sure to wear my nightgown before sleeping. So Rohan had obviously noticed this unusual occurrence.

"Hmm...yes.." I replied, suppressing a yawn. "Got out of the sari, and then was too tired to look for a gown."

Which was partially true. I had come home, exhausted after my gangbang with the shop floor guys to find Rohan already asleep. All that strenuous sex had left me ravenously hungry, so I ate leftovers from the fridge. And then decided to take a shower, just in case I still smelt of sex. The long hot shower had felt really good, but it had also made me very very sleepy. So I just dried myself, stumbled to the bedroom barely managing to keep my eyes open and plopped on the bed, falling asleep instantly.

"Are you going to work late today?" Rohan said, putting his wallet and cellphone in his pocket.

"Yes, I will. I'll sleep some more, and go in around lunch time." I replied, turned over on my side and tried to go back to sleep.

Rohan came close to me, spanked me playfully on my butt, kissed me on the lips, and said,

"OK sweetheart, see you in the evening."

With my eyes still closed, I heard Rohan walk out and close the door behind him. I wanted to go back to sleep, but now that I was awake, I could not help but think of the previous night's events. What had I done? After several years of staying faithful to Rohan, I had gone ahead and cheated on him in the most scandalous way possible. A gangbang with 4 shop floor guys? The justification as of course, that I had no choice. Babu and the others could have shown that video clip of mine to the whole office and gotten me fired.

But as I thought about it, I realized what a flimsy justification that was. I should have dared them to do it. Gone to the police and complained about blackmail. Spoken to my boss and explained the situation. Or even quit the job and found work elsewhere. But instead, I had been a willing participant in the debauchery. In fact, I had thoroughly enjoyed it. And then I remembered some instances from last night when I had actually been enthusiastically slutty. The guilt and the shame finally overcame me and I started crying into the pillow.

After about ten minutes of crying, I thought of getting ready and going to work. But then the smiling and leering faces of Babu and the others flashed in front of my eyes. How could I face them? How could I face anyone? How could I concentrate on work at all? I was in too chaotic a mental state to cope with the situation. So I decided to take a sick day. I got up, went to the computer and typed out an email to my boss, explaining that I was down with a flu, and could not come to work. I got a reply from him almost instantly, asking me to take care of myself, and take as many days off as I wanted. He noted that I had never taken a sick day in over three years, and I deserved all the rest I needed.

With that done, I decided to try going back to sleep again. My body was still a little tired. I resolutely closed my eyes, tried hard not to think any thoughts that brought guilt or shame, and just force myself to sleep. In a few minutes, I had drifted off into slumberland.

I woke up with a start by the sound of the ringing telephone. Reached over to the nightstand to pick up the cordless, but the stand was empty. Rohan must have left it in the living room again, I thought to myself. Got up, caught a glimpse in the mirror and realized with surprise that I was still naked. Making a mental note to put on some clothes after answering the call, I went to the living room and picked up the receiver.

"Hello." I said.

"Hello, Madam. This is building security."

And my heart skipped a beat. I remembered how the night watchman had heard me talk to the guys, and probably seen me kiss Yousuf. But... was the night watchman still around? I glanced at the clock, and it said quarter to one. Surely the night watchman couldn't be around till this late. As I was thinking all this, the line had been silent.

"Hello Madam, are you there?" the voice piped up again.

"Yes, yes, I am here. What is it?" I said, finding voice at last.

"Madam, there is a Miss Kajal here to see you. Should I let her come up?"

"Who?"

"Miss Kajal. Says she works with you. Should I let her in?" the watchman asked again.

"Yes, yes, fine. Send her." I said, and slammed the phone down.

Another complication. Why on earth was Kajal here? Had Babu and the others told her everything? If so, why had she come here? Was she upset? Was she happy? Was she confused? Did she want to talk about it? Oh no, please no, please don't anyone make me talk about it. I felt like just running away to a different city to avoid this whole mess.

In a few seconds, the doorbell rang. As I started to walk towards the door, I kicked myself mentally - you are still naked, remember? I quickly ran into the bedroom to put something on. The doorbell rang again as I rummaged through my clothes to find something I could slip into right away. Just my luck, all I could see were saris, formal clothes and salwar kameezes. When the doorbell rang a third and again a fourth time, I finally reached over to where Rohan's running clothes were. I slipped on a pair of his running shorts and a white t-shirt. As I ran out of the bedroom, the shorts started slipping down. They had an elastic waistband, but were Rohan's after all, so were a few sizes too big for me. I pulled the shorts up, held the waistband up with one hand, and went to open the door.

"I am sorry, sweetie, did I wake you up?" Kajal said cheerfully as she walked in, carrying a big plastic bag.

"No..well...yeah.." I mumbled.

"I heard you were sick, so I thought I'd pay you a visit during lunchtime. After all, we are lunch buddies, remember?" Kajal said, taking a couple of plastic boxes out of the bag. "Got you some hot chicken soup. That always helps when you have a flu." 

"Oh, thanks. That was sweet of you. But you didn't have to do that." I said, breathing a sigh of relief. She was just here to have lunch with me.

"Come on Kanika, don't be so formal. I missed you in the office all morning. So I told the floor supervisor I am taking a long lunch and came here." she smiled at me. "Well, come on, let me serve you some piping hot soup."

I had been standing there, one hand holding the door open, and another holding the shorts up. I closed the door shut, and with the other hand, reached to lock it, when I suddenly realized my mistake. The loose shorts prompty slid down and fell around my ankles, leaving me completely naked from the waist down. The t-shirt came down to only my waist. Since I had turned around to lock the door, I was facing away from Kajal and my butt was completely exposed to her.

"Hehehe... looks like you need tighter shorts." Kajal laughed and said. I turned my head and saw her admiringly staring at my butt.

"Oh, these are Rohan's. I put them on by mistake." I said, bending down to pull them up. That's when I inexplicably froze for a few seconds, as I realized that by bending over, I had given Kajal a look at my pussy as well. I looked at her face and she was still staring at me. I finally pulled the shorts up, and said

"Well, that was embarrassing. Sorry. I'll just go and change into something else."

"No, don't be silly. The soup will get cold. Come and have it first. Change after that." Kajal said with a tone of finality.

I held the shorts up even tighter this time and walked towards the dining table. I sat down on a chair next to Kajal and looked at her. This time she was staring at something else. I followed her gaze downwards, towards my chest. And I saw what she was staring at. My huge boobs were clearly outlined against the thin material of the t-shirt. And my nipples were poking against the fabric, and very clearly visible. Kajal realized I had caught her staring and quickly shifted her gaze towards the soup box.

"Hehe, sorry sweetie... they are just.. quite a sight" she said with a smile. "You don't wear underwear at home, do you?"

"I do. I've just been so disoriented today." I said, putting my face in my palms.

"It's OK Kanika. I'm just pulling your leg." Kajal said with a chuckle. "Anyway, I enjoyed the peep show. You have an amazing body, you know. I wish I had a body like yours."

"Come on, Kajal. You have a great body too." I said.

"Well, yeah. I am not saying I am ugly or anything. Just that.... well, I have always wished I had bigger boobs, and a nice round butt like yours." she said, giving me a box of soup with a spoon in it.

"My boobs are too big. Uncomfortably big. I wish they were like yours." I said, taking a sip of the soup.

"Yeah, but I bet guys love them. I am sure Rohan does not wish they were smaller." Kajal said, opening a box of noodles and taking a bite.

I felt like saying to her that considering the lack of interest Rohan had shown in having sex recently, I don't think he has any major opinions on my boobs. But I stayed silent and kept drinking the soup. Kajal also ate silently for a minute or two and then said,

"Kanika..... to be honest, bringing soup to you was not the only purpose of my visit. I also wanted to talk to you about something else"

And the sinking feeling in my stomach returned. She knew. They had told her. Oh God, this was going to be awkward. She was looking at me expectantly, so I said,

"OK, what did you want to talk about?"

"Well, I have done something stupid. Something that could really hurt my career and reputation if word got out." she said.

"Ok..."

"You remember I was telling you about how I was having some trouble with some of the shop floor guys, and then it worked itself out?"

"Yes..." I said, still unsure of what she was getting at.

"Well, there's more to the story than that. Here's what happened. I am in charge of minimizing the number of errors in the tool parts' fabrication process. So I make rounds, giving them suggestions, stopping them if they are doing something wrong, and making sure whatever they are doing is correct. If they have made an error, I throw out that particular piece and tell them to restart work."

"I see."

"Most of the workers are manageable. But those guys - Babu, Yousuf and Heera, were always very uppity, talking back, refusing to listen to the changes I suggested, and generally being very rude. Which was still fine. They didn't make as many errors. But it was the new guy Jaggu that was the biggest headache for me."

I nodded, sipping on my soup, and Kajal continued,

"He keeps making small errors which he thinks should be just ignored. But even a millimeter here and there can affect the quality of the tools. So I had to keep giving him the most re-do's. One particular day, and it was a Friday, he was really bad. Nine of the ten pieces he worked on that day were flawed. The shipment had to go out the next day, so we had to get all the parts done that day. Which meant he would have to stay after work and do it, and I would have to stay after work to inspect them and okay them."

"This got me really upset. I had some plans with my family that night, which I had to cancel because of Jaggu's incompetence. So I lost it. I yelled at him, really yelled at him. Like I had never yelled at anyone before. I cursed him, abused him, and threw in a lot of Hindi curse words that I usually never use. And this was in full view of the entire shop floor."

"Oh God." I said "What happened next?"

"Babu stepped forward and started yelling at me, saying I should go easy on Jaggu because he is just a newcomer. So I yelled at Babu too, and said if he was so interested, he could stay back after work and help his friend too. Babu responded by saying sure, he would stay back. Yousuf and Heera also said they would stay back. That's when the supervisor heard all the yelling, came in, and calmed everyone down."

"Was this five days ago?" I asked, wondering if that was the night I had seen Kajal with those men.

"No, this was about two weeks back. Why five days ago?" Kajal asked with a furrowed brow.

"Oh, no reason. I just remembered some shipment got delayed five days ago and I wondered if it was because of this." I said, impressing myself at being able to lie so well on my feet.

"Anyway, the shift ended and all the other workers left. The supervisor asked me if he should stick around, but I told him no, I could handle it. So there we all were, the four guys working on the machines to make up for Jaggu's error, and me walking around to oversee them. The hostility between us was very apparent. They were all silent and so was I. Finally, I saw Jaggu about to make another error, and told him to stop the machine. I then said to him - you keep making the same stupid mistake. if you concentrate on getting it right, you'll be much better at your job."

"So what did he do?" I asked.

"He glared at me, grabbed his crotch with his hands, and said - suck my dick, bitch!"

"Really?" I said, feigning surprise. That actually fit well with the Jaggu I knew.

"Yes. I was taken aback. No matter how rude these men had been, they had never crossed the line into vulgar. As soon as he said that, the other three started laughing. I felt really annoyed. I should have probably just stayed silent, but I said something stupid and impulsive."

"What did you say?" I asked.

"I said to him - Jaggu, you are such a useless worker, that if you actually manage to finish all your pieces today without a single error, you know what? I'll gladly suck your dick." Kajal said, shaking her head as if still in disbelief at what she had done.

"Oh no!" I said, noting that a crucial piece of the how-did-Kajal-end-up-fucking-them puzzle had now fallen into place.

"Yes. Suddenly, they all stopped laughing. Babu stepped forward and said - are you serious about that? You will suck his dick if he doesn't make a single error? I said, yes, but it can't be a one-way bet. If he makes even a single error, you all have to stop mouthing off against me on the shop floor, and obey my every instruction." Kajal said. She took a deep breath and continued,

"Babu agreed, and so did the others. After that Jaggu started concentrating on his work with the sort of focus I had never seen him apply before. I was very sure I would win the bet. But after he finished two pieces without a single error, I started panicking. He only had to do three more. I started fearing I would lose. I was usually around them hoping they wouldn't make an error. And here I was staring at him wide-eyed, hoping and praying that he would make an error."

"Let me guess. He didn't make an error?" I interrupted.

"Well... actually he did." Kajal said.

"What?" I said, surprised.

"Yes, he made an error on the last piece. I breathed a sigh of relief, and the others groaned in frustration. I started laughing and gloating, and the four of them just stood there dejected. Jaggu was the most crest-fallen. With a spring in my step, I took the red marker, and made a big cross on the piece."

"OK.... so what's the stupid thing you have done?" I asked, confused at this anti-climax.

"Wait, I am coming to it. So they finished all the pieces. We put all the pieces in the packing. I took my bag to the bathroom to change into my clothes, and the men went into their changing room. After I came out, having changed from my overalls into my jeans and a t-shirt, I was about to head out when I heard Jaggu's voice call out to me."

"OK..."

"He was standing in the changing room window. He beckoned me to go near him, and I did. Then he said, congratulations on winning your bet, but I thought I'd show you what you missed out on. And then he stepped back and pulled down his pants, revealing his.... his thing." Kajal said and fell silent.

"Alright... so? What next?" I asked, partly guessing what might have transpired, since I remembered the effect seeing his monster cock had on me. Kajal didn't say anything. Just kept staring at the food. "Kajal?"

"I FUCKED HIM, OK? I FUCKED HIM... I FUCKED THEM ALL!!! THAT DAY, AND THEN MANY MORE TIMES SINCE. I HAVE BECOME THEIR GANG BANG SLUT!!! I AM SCREWED!! MY CAREER IS OVER!!! BECAUSE IT IS ABOUT TO GET WORSE!!!" she yelled at me, with tears streaming down her eyes.

Taken aback by Kajal's sudden breakdown, I leaned over, and put my arms around her, trying to console her. She thrust her face into my chest and kept crying.

"There, there, Kajal. It's OK." I said.

"No, it's not OK. I couldn't help it. Jaggu's dick is.... it is just so... I had never seen anything like it. I was spellbound. I just couldn't help it. And the other guys too. I was like putty in their hands. I am such a whore!" she said, sobbing on my shirt.

"No you are not." I said.

"Yes, I am. Every time one of them snaps there fingers, I just do what they say. Every time I decide I will put my foot down and end it, I get swayed. I just can't help it. I hate myself. I hate them. And yet I can't help it." she said, the tears still flowing.

"It's OK, Kajal." I said, running my hands over her back, conflicted about what to say. I understood exactly how she felt. In some perverse way, I was actually happy I had company for my misery.

"You always keep saying how difficult it is for a woman to be respected and taken seriously in this industry. I wanted to be like you, and look how I have started out. Becoming the cum slut for some random shop floor guys. And it is going to get worse. And destroy my reputation forever." she said, her face still buried in my bosom.

"How is it going to get worse exactly?" I asked. Kajal finally raised her face, looked at me, and said,

"Because today Babu said someone else knows. Someone from the sales team. And this person from the sales team is going to join us in our next gangbang."

"What? Who in the sales team?" I asked, and as soon as I said it, I realized... Babu had meant me!

"I don't know. He didn't tell me the name. But if one person knows, every one will soon know. What kind of a guy will keep this to himself? Pretty soon everyone will know me as the factory slut, if they don't know it already. I am ruined." Kajal said, crying even harder.

"No, come on. I'm sure it won't be that bad." I said.

"You're just saying that to make me feel better." she said.

I paused for a second, wondering how I should phrase my own confession. How should I tell her that the tiny glimmer of hope here was the fact that I was the person Babu had meant. I opened my mouth to say something when the doorbell rang.

Kajal and I both looked at the door, and the bell rang again, this time twice, as if someone was in a hurry. 

"Go to the bathroom there, and wash your face. I'll see whoever it is and get rid of them." I said. Kajal nodded, got up and headed towards the bathroom.

I got up and started walking towards the door when...damn those loose shorts... they started slipping again. I pulled them up, held the waistband and went to the door.

"Who is it?" I said loudly, hoping it was some neighbor I could tell to come later.

"It's me, Madam! Suresh!" answered a familiar-sounding male voice that I could not quite place.

"Who?" I said

"Suresh, the night watchman. From last night? Remember?"

Oh great! Talk about bad timing. What the hell was he doing here? I had to get rid of him somehow.

"What do you want?" I shouted again.

"Open the door, Madam. Or should I shout from here about last night?" Suresh replied.

That weasel! He knew I couldn't risk him yelling out what he saw out there. What if some neighbors heard him? I really was in a fix here. But I had no choice. And no time.
