 We are walking through the red light district in Amsterdam again having both fantasised about going into one the doorways together and actually fulfilling the fantasy. Both of us are extremely excited by the possibility of waking into one of the girls' doorways together, but in reality both of us are worried by it, concerned about any impact it might have on us. We have talked about the fantasy, could we ever make it a reality? 

Even the thought of doing it turns us both on immensely and it is on our minds as we walk through the crowded streets looking at the girls beckoning to us. The girls are mostly trying to catch my eye and avoiding looking at you but occasionally they motion to you rather than me sensing that you might be interested, either for yourself or the two of us. Most of the girls look bored and uninterested but every now and again one does appear to be more fun and interesting, a sense of humour coming through despite the situation.

As we pass one window a girl with a beautiful body catches my eye and then very obviously looks at me, smiling at me before looking at you. She looks you up and down very obviously guessing what must be going through your mind beckons you in smiling at you. She points at us both and then at herself, the suggestion is obvious. Sensing your interest she looks you directly in the eye and slowly slides one hand down over her body, lingering over her full ripe breast and pinching a nipple into stiffness through the thin, tightly stretched material of her bra before letting her hand drift down into her skimpy knickers. We can both see her hand cupping the plump mound of her pussy, her fingers moving down over her clit. I know the idea of going in turns you on but we are both too scared to take the plunge. Almost in unison we shake our heads and start to move away. The girl gives a pout of disappointment but still smiles appealingly as we turn away, which is almost as enticing as her erotic display. We both know that we were tempted to go with the girl but still held back.

We walk a little further and come across the bar we were in last time we were there. Inevitably we decide to go in for beer and end up having several, watching the tourists passing by looking at the girls.

We start talking about a threesome with the girl who was touching herself in the window and begin to tell each other how it would happen, building up our joint fantasy as we have many times in bed together.

Finally, after several beers we have turned ourselves on so much by talking about it and are now so horny that I say "Come on, Lets do it" standing up to take you by the hand and lead you out of the bar.

We walked back to the street where the girl we had fantasised about was. She was still there in the window when we arrived. She recognised us immediately and smiled at us, your hand gripping mine in a moment of fear and anticipation.

She walked to a door beside the large display window and opened it inviting us in. We hesitated a moment then gripping each other's hand tightly stepped over the threshold into the darkened room.

The girl led us in, walking over to the window and closing a heavy curtain shutting out the scene of the street, passers by looking in and seeing us standing waiting nervously, flashes of excitement and recognition crossing their faces as they realise what is happening.

I look at you and see the mix of nervousness and excitement in your face, your eyes open wide and your pupils dilated in the low light.

The girl turns back to us. We do not need to say anything. She knows this is for both of us. She slowly walks over to us and reaches out to stroke your hair. Gently and slowly she runs hers hands down over your hair and leans towards you, kissing you cheek tenderly before embracing you.

Her firm tits press against yours as she rests her head on your shoulder and her hands slip down over your back and hips. Gingerly you release my hand and lift your arms to her, you hands touching her shoulders and upper arm, feeling her soft warm skin, so different to mine.

She slowly unbuttons your top, her lips brushing you neck and shoulders as she peels back your collar. I stand behind you and help her undress you, lifting your top off your shoulders and letting it drop to the floor, then helping her with your bra all the time her hands are running over your newly exposed skin, feeling you and touching you softly. I undo the catch to your bra and she lifts it off your shoulders, immediately lowering her head to your pert little tits. Your nipples respond immediately as you feel her warm lips fasten onto your sensitive flesh. You look down to see her sucking you, moaning as her teeth nip your hard puckered nipple and my teeth gently bite your exposed neck and shoulder. 

She sinks to her knees in front of sliding your trousers over your hips and letting them collapse in a pile around your ankles. Then she hooks her fingers into the waist of your pants and slips them down. You feel material slide over your skin as she exposes the soft curls of your beautiful little cunt. Your knickers cling wetly to your damp sex briefly before sliding down to join your trousers on the floor. She looks up at you, her face inches from your plump mound and tells you that you have a beautiful body. You know that she can smell your excitement, the thought exciting you and making you want her to bury her face between your thighs and pleasure your aching sex. 

Rather than touching you she stands and with a hand on your stomach she gently pushes you back towards a blanket covered couch at the back of the small room. The couch touches the back of your legs and you sink down onto it. She takes a step back and watching your face she slowly takes of her skimpy lace underwear Her ripe tits spill from the cups of her bra as she drops it to the floor, your eyes fixed on her dark pink nipples as she teases then into hard points with her fingers. Still looking into your eyes she slides her knickers down over her hips and thighs, exposing her dark neatly trimmed bush to you. Slowly and provocatively she slides her fingers between her legs and runs them along the moist groove of her sex, letting you see her fingers teasing her clit.

You lie back on the couch she walks towards you and kneels in front of you gently pushing your knees apart. Coyly you let her open your legs watching her face as she exposes your pouting sex. Her fingers brush your damp curls lightly feeling wonderful on your sensitive skin. You feel her touching your swollen lips teasing them apart to find the wetness inside you. Her experienced fingers know exactly how to touch you, making you gasp with pleasure as she finds your clit and brushes it gently.

You look down along your own body as her head drops and her face starts to sink between your thighs. As I watch I kick off my shoes and drop my trousers and pants to the floor. My cock is as hard as iron, throbbing with pleasure and moist at the end where musky juice is bubbling from the tip. You see my cock spring out of my pants and smile at me, reaching out to touch it. Your cool hand taking hold of my cock and then using it to gently pull me towards you.

You moan loudly and squeeze my cock hard as the girl's tongue brushes your aching cunt. You feel it touching you wetly and running over your sensitive lips, separating them to find your clit. Opening your legs wider for her you pull my cock towards your mouth sucking it in greedily and tasting my musky juice on your tongue. She spreads the delicate lips of your beautiful cunt wide apart and runs her tongue up and down your open cleft, lapping at your wetness like a cat, her warm tongue running up from your creamy hole to your clit and back down again while your own tongue runs around the head of my throbbing cock and your hands cup my swollen balls.

She lies down on the couch, her head hanging over the edge towards me. She makes you kneel over her, your knees on either side of her body, and your exposed cunt pointing directly at her face. Like this you can feel her tits pressing into your stomach as your own sensitive nipples brush the silky skin of hers. Her thighs fall open and you can smell her excitement as you glimpse the delicate folds of her sex.

I stand behind you, my cock pointing at your soaking pussy, your pouting lips swollen open and glistening with excitement, inviting my rigid cock into your body. Her hand reaches up to my cock and guides the tip towards your tight little hole, the smooth shiny head of my cock touching your soft pink lips and making us both moan with pleasure. With her hand still holding me against you I slowly push my cock into you, watching as my thick shafts stretches your beautiful cunt and your swollen lips wrap around me. I slide easily into your warm hole watching the wonderful sight of my curving cock disappear into eager little cunt.

As I push myself into you, you push yourself back onto me driving me deeper into your body and your head drops between her thighs, so that your face rests against her excited cunt. In your excitement your mouth naturally opens and you breath in the scent of her arousal as your lips brush the soft curls of her mound. Putting out your tongue you timidly run it over her lips tasting the creamy musk of her sex. Spurred on by my cock pumping into you from behind you start to lick her, parting her lips with your tongue and slipping it deeper into her body finding the pert little button of her clit and teasing it with the tip of your tongue.

Watching your head move between her thighs I grip my hips and thrust myself into you, my heavy balls bouncing in her face as she opens her mouth to lick you. Her tongue runs over you clit as I push my cock deep inside you. The feeling of my cock moving inside you and her tongue moving against your clit stretched lips making you moan with pleasure into her cunt.

You start to come on my cock you pleasure peaking quickly and subsiding as fuck you, my cock plunging wetly in and out of your body. Your creamy cunt rubbing my throbbing cock as I slide easily in and out of your soaking wet wide open sex. She senses your orgasm passing away and takes her tongue from your clit, sucking on my balls instead and now making me groan with pleasure. The thrusts of my cock get faster and deeper as my orgasm approaches. As she senses this she runs her tongue between the cheeks of my arse and probes my sensitive hole, pushing her tongue into me just as my cock begins to pulse and I start to come.

My cock erupts deep inside you and my balls empty in a flood of searing pleasure, thick creamy sperm spurting from my twitching cock and pulsing against your cervix as it is milked by your beautiful cunt.

My softening cock slips from your body and falls into the open mouth of the girl below us. She gently sucks our creamy juices from my subsiding cock, teasing the acutely sensitive tip of my cock and savouring the taste as she cleans my cock perfectly. Then she starts to do the same to you, licking your pussy and letting my sperm run from your open sex into her mouth. 

Your delicate labia are swollen and wide open after being forced apart by my thick cock and your sensitive little clit is exposed and thrusting out, eager for attention. She can easily run her tongue across your clit as she licks my sperm and the rich creamy juice of your orgasm from your parted lips. She starts to alternate between licking your clit and lips with running her tongue up and down the sweet cleft of your cunt to probe deeply into your creamy hole letting large drops of my sperm to slip out of you and into her waiting mouth. She flicks her tongue over your clit until you start to come again. I gaze down between your parted thighs and watch the contractions of your excited little cunt push the remaining drops of my sperm from your body to run down over you clit and into her open mouth.