 Don and Suzanne were very close friends in more ways than one since the four of us had been having sex whenever we got together for the last couple of years and since we were all bisexual, we had an infinite number of interesting combinations to try. The four of us were resting in bed after a particularly athletic bout one evening when my wife, Tyko, started telling us about how horny the girls in her company were as they always talked about sex whenever they went to lunch and none of the guys were around. One of the married gals had told them about an experience she had just the previous weekend which got them all hot and horny thinking about it. Her husband had gotten an invitation to a private couples only party where the host and hostess had hired a young couple to put on a sex show for the guests. The tickets cost $100 a couple but she said it had been well worth it especially when some of the guests couldn't contain themselves and were mutually masturbating each other while watching the hot show. 

This had given Tyko an idea since the gals were always talking about a couple of gay executives in the company and wondering if they had ever had sex with each other and what they did, etc. It seems like it was a terrific turn on for them to imagine two guys having sex and, since no one at the company had ever met me, she was thinking about having a party where Don and I would put on a sex show for a bunch of women. She would tell them that she can hire a couple of good looking guys to put on a show for them and it would only cost them about $25 a ticket (which we would give to a charity). Suz added that no one at her company had ever met Don so she could probably sell some tickets also since she found that sex was the biggest topic at every gals lunch at her company also.

The gals went to work and in no time at all had sold 40 tickets, which was the limit they had set since that's all that could fit in the living room. Tyko had told the women that her husband was going to be out of town that week which worked out perfectly. The gal who had told them about the couples only party had mentioned that the hostess at that party had pushed all the furniture against the walls and put a king sized mattress on the floor in the center of the room with chairs all around it for the guests so that's exactly what we would do. On the night of the party, everything was in place. Tyko and Suz had rented 40 folding chairs and placed 10 on each side of the mattress and it was almost time for the first of the guests to arrive. We were in the bedroom wearing our terry cloth robes and nothing else, waiting nervously for our debut as sex stars. We heard the women arriving and soon Tyko came in and told us to start the show as everyone was eagerly awaiting us.

We walked into the room full of women and through the aisle left for us to get to the center and stepped up on the mattress to wild applause and some cat calls. We faced each other and slipped our hands under our robes to play with each other's cocks to get them hard for our audience and once they were at full staff, we removed our robes to the gasps and cheers of the audience. I walked over to the first row of chairs on my side of the mattress and waved my stiff organ at the gals and told them to touch it if they wished since it would get me nice and horny for a good show. One brave gal reached out and grasped my thick erection in her hand and squeezed it to the delight of all the others and soon other hands were touching my penis as I slowly walked around the perimeter. Don was doing the same thing on his side and when we finally made full circle, we got back on the mattress and I had him lay back and spread his legs wide so that I could start by licking his balls and asshole while running my fingers over his shaft. 

After a few minutes of that, I worked my tongue and lips up to the base of his shaft and began licking and nibbling on his sweet meat as I patiently worked my way up to his magnificent cockhead. I found a nice big drop of precum waiting for me there and captured it on my tongue just before taking the entire crown between my lips and sucking on it like a nursing baby. The gasps and raunchy comments of our audience only served to get us both hotter and I started to deep throat his delicious penis which drew moans from his lips as well as the gals watching.

I sucked him like this for some time and then he tapped me on the shoulder and told me to lay back as it was his turn now and he began sucking my balls into his mouth and running his tongue over them at the same time which made my cock jerk in heat and drove the audience wild. As he sucked my balls, I noticed that some of the gals in the front row had their hands under their dresses and were fingering their pussies and I smiled at them and ran my tongue over my lips as I looked at them letting them know I'd like to suck their pussies which got them even hornier. Tyko announced that if anyone wanted to sit on my face while I was being sucked, it would be OK and one particularly good looking and buxom blonde got up and removed her panties and shoes and got up on the mattress and straddled my head and lowered her crotch to my face. 

Her dress covered everything as she settled down and I saw a beautiful cunt coming down to my waiting mouth. She had large and petal shaped labia which were swollen and slightly parted revealing the pink, wet insides of her vagina and a fairly large clit hood in which a tiny button was just visible as it became erect and peeked out. I couldn't wait to taste her and as soon as her pussy got within reach of my tongue, I licked her labia and slit and ran the flat of my tongue over her clit which caused her to gasp and groan in heat. Her dress covered the entire upper portion of my body so no one could see my mouth on her cunt. All they could see was the passion reflected in her face as she slowly fucked my mouth and presented every part of her delicious crotch to me for sucking. 

Meanwhile, Don was doing a wonderful job on my cock and I was hoping the gal fucking my face would cum soon since I knew I would, and I wanted to keep the show going at full pitch for as long as possible. Suddenly I heard an animal like growl as she bore down on my mouth and shivered as she came all over my face wetting me with her juices. After recovering, she lifted herself off and I asked Don to lay back and let me work on him since I wanted to calm down a bit. 

As soon as he lay down and I took his beautiful organ in my mouth, another gal got up and took off her panties and shoes and straddled him as she dipped her pussy to his mouth and began rubbing it all over his face. Her dress also covered everything so the audience watched me suck him and watched her facial expressions and movements as she moaned and whimpered in ecstacy. I was enjoying his cock and remembered to keep him horny but not let him cum just yet so I would back off every once in a while and just lick his shaft from top to bottom until he cooled off and then go back to sucking him again. 

It wasn't long before the gal he was sucking exploded in orgiastic pleasure amid cries of passion and a whole string of dirty cursewords which had the audience laughing. As soon as she got off his face, we swung around and lay on our sides as we sensuously sucked each other from asshole to cock and everything in between. The both of us were extremely hot and decided to suck the cum out of each other as our balls were ready to explode and we couldn't wait to drink our cum juices. I started to swallow more and more of his cock and, as it disappeared down my throat, I heard the gasps and moans of our audience which spurred me on even more. 

He had my organ deep down his throat and was milking it each time he swallowed around it and I knew it wouldn't be long before I had to cum. I sucked down as much of his cock as possible and the two of us drew deeply on our organs until my penis swelled and began pumping hot cum down his waiting throat and almost gagging him. That triggered his orgasm and to my intense joy, his cock began shooting ropes of delicious juice down my throat while I was pumping the last of mine down his and both of us kept sucking each other to get the last drops of our cum before we rested our heads on each other's thighs to wild applause by all the gals. 

Then Tyko told them there would be a 15 minute intermission while we refreshed ourselves for the second act and we went back into the bedroom where Suz brought us drinks and a snack and both of them licked our cocks to get them ready for the second act as we relaxed. The gals told us that everything was going great so far as the comments they heard were all positive and everyone was waiting for us to return to center stage. I told Don that I was very turned on having sex with him with all those horny women watching and he agreed. We decided that we would fuck each other for the second act and give them a really good show. Our talented wives had us hard and ready for our audience so we slipped on our robes and went back "on stage".

We entered the room to wild applause and opened our robes to show our massive erections which got a terrific ovation as we faced the gals and turned so that all could see. We took off the robes and faced each other as we grasped each other's organs and played with them for a few moments. Then I slid to my knees and sucked Don's big balls into my mouth as I stroked his cock and, after a few minutes, he did the same to me as we turned slowly so that everyone could see what we were doing to each other. Our organs were rock hard and throbbing so he went to one side of the room and I to the other and we slowly walked around the room allowing the gals to reach out and squeeze our shafts as we passed. When we had given them the opportunity to feel our cocks, we got back on the mattress and I told Don to get down on his hands and knees so I could fuck him. 

When he was in position, with his firm ass thrust out, I got down on my hands and knees and wet his puckered asshole with my tongue to get him ready for my cock and then fit the head of my erection to his anus and pushed forward until the head popped in. I worked it back and forth slowly to make sure he was well lubed and then started to feed it inside. He was looking at a gal in the front row who had her hand in her crotch and was looking at him and going wild from his facial expressions as my thick penis filled his ass. He was moaning and asking for more cock as he thrust back to capture all of my organ and she was jilling herself wildly as she watched. When I was deep inside him and my cock hairs were mashed against his ass cheeks, I reached around and started stroking his cock which was rock hard and leaking precum. 

After playing with his cock a while, I grasped him by the hips and began long, steady strokes in and out of his grasping hole. His ass felt wonderful and was nice and tight around my shaft as I thrust in and out and I could hear the women gasping and commenting on how sexy it was to watch us. I looked around the room as I fucked him and saw many of the women jilling themselves as they watched. Two gals in the front row alongside us had their skirts around their waist as they played with each other's pussies. When I felt that I was approaching climax, I pulled out of his warm, comfortable asshole and told him to switch positions as I wanted his cock inside me also. As soon as I was in position, he fed his throbbing member into my ass and started to fill me with meat. 

I happened to be looking at the gal jilling herself in front of me and saw that she was looking into my eyes as he fed me cock and my expression must have been something as she cried out and clamped her thighs down on her hand as she went into a long, loud orgasm. His penis felt wonderful in my ass and I met his every thrust by pushing back onto his huge organ. Then, after fucking me beautifully for some time, he pulled out and I knew he was probably trying to keep from cumming. I lay down on my back and, while facing me, he sat down on my throbbing erection and began working his hips back and forth as he milked my penis with his hot asshole. He noticed that the gal in front of him was working on another orgasm and motioned for her to sit on my face. She didn't hesitate a second as she got up and kneeled over me and sat on my face with a long sigh. 

I saw her glistening wet labia descending and met them with my tongue and sucked both lips into my mouth as I ran my tongue all over them and then deep into her wet hole. She tasted and smelled delicious and I lost myself in pleasure as I sucked her and felt the wonderful sensations Don was giving me with his talented ass. Then she rubbed her clit against my lips and I was surprised at the size of it as it felt like a miniature penis. I took it between my lips and sucked it like it was a cock and suddenly, she grabbed my head and forced her clit into my mouth as she came and wet my face with her juices. She needed help in getting up after her orgasm and the gal sitting next to her came over and helped her back to her seat. 

Meanwhile, Don was moving up and down and around on my penis and I knew I couldn't hold out any longer so I looked up at him and told him he was going to receive my juices any minute and he redoubled his efforts to empty my balls of their load. Then I was completely overcome by my orgasm and my throbbing penis started shooting hot jets of cum into his hungry ass as I writhed in ecstacy with each spasm until they ended. When I calmed down a bit, he asked me to switch positions with him as he wanted his cock inside me and as soon as he was ready, I sat down and fit the head of his huge erection to my anus and lowered myself on his wonderful pole. 

When I was all the way down and had him deep inside me, I looked around the room and spotted the two gals playing with each other's pussies. I motioned that one of them should go over and sit on his face and the blonde immediately got up and straddled his head and fed him pussy to suck. She was fucking his face feverishly as I raised and lowered my ass on his gorgeous cock and suddenly I heard her cry out as she mashed her cunt down on his mouth and flooded his face with her juices. As she ground her cunt down on his face in orgasm, his penis swelled and started spurting hot cum in my ass in spasm after spasm of pure delight for both of us. When he at last came back down to Earth, she lifted herself off him and went back to her seat as I lifted my ass off him and my cock popped out along with a stream of his cum. 

Then we both stood up and bowed as we announced the end of the show to wild applause. As we were trying to make our way back to the bedroom, a number of the women came over and asked for our telephone numbers as they wanted to hire us for parties of their own. We told them to give their cards or phone numbers to Tyko or Suzanne who would give them to us before we left. We got back to the bedroom and lay down on the bed to relax as we listened to the gals saying their goodbyes and finally leaving. A few minutes later, the bedroom door opened and Tyko and Suz walked in totally naked. Suz lay down next to me and took my flaccid organ in her hands as my wife did the same with Don and they told us how horny they were from not only watching us but also some of the gals who were jilling themselves. 

Between their talented hands and mouths, we were hard in no time and both gals mounted us for a wild fuck which they so desperately needed. After they came, they calmed down a bit and we discussed the events of the evening and how well everything turned out. Tyko mentioned that a couple of gals from her office, who she never thought would be that wild, turned out to be really loose as they jilled themselves and each other during the entire show. We figured that we had made about a thousand dollars less expenses and decided which charity to give it to although Don mentioned, with a smile, that we could make a hell of a living if we put on shows every night and had the girls join us...