 Fiona heard them before she saw them. Frank and Evan had been out training for cyclecross, now both of them were walking by, stripped down to their bike shorts and covered in mud.

Frank pointed at Evan and said "Epic ride, and epic face plant.".

"Did you leave any dirt on the trail?" she asked

"Right after I face planted, your boy Frank here did a high speed endo into the biggest puddle out there," Evan added.

Both of them were coated head to toe in mud. The only bit of clean skin showing was where their helmet straps had been.

They both headed for the bathroom to clean up. She heard the shower start; their voices were mostly drowned out by the sound of running water. But she could hear bits of the conversation.

"Dude, how did you get mud there?"

"I don't know, just get a loofah and start scrubbing."

The thought of them and a loofah intrigued her, and she walked towards the bathroom.

Frank saw Fiona's reflection in the chrome of the shower head.

"Have you ever been in a threesome?" he asked Evan.

"No."

"Would you be interested in a threesome with Fiona and me?"

"Dude, where did that come from?"

"Yes or no?"

"Hell yeah!"

"Don't look now, but Fiona is watching us."

"Okay," Evan replied

"She has a thing for guy on guy. Mostly soft core guy on guy... "

"Where is this going?"

"If we just scrub each other down, she will be knocking on the shower door in five minutes. Ten minutes if she decided to masturbate."

"Okay, but two words.... Exit Only!"

"I plan on staying above your waist."

Frank started to lather Evan's back, running his hands from his shoulders all the way down to his ass. He put his arms around Evan, caressing his chest.

"You sure Fiona will go for this?"

"Absolutely, and the more we touch each other the hotter she is going to be."

"What is it like?"

"It will probably start with her getting in the shower and move on to her blowing both of us."

"At the same time?" Evan asked.

"She will between us, sucking on one dick at time. It's pretty hot to watch."

"What else?"

"She might blow one of use while the other fucks her. It usually ends with us taking turns fucking her while the other watches, but who knows? She can be pretty creative," Frank replied.

"Holy shit... dude, I'm getting a hard on just thinking about her fucking us, not because you are feeling me up..."

"Yea, thinking about her tends to do that. Okay, now you soap me up. Remember; Exit Only"

Fiona was watching Frank soap up Evan. The master shower was a large glass cube. It seemed like it had room for three people. Fiona planned on finding out if that was true soon. He was running his hands up and down Evan's back. They were talking. Evan had a naughty grin on his face. They looked a lot better without all the mud. Fiona's eyes ran up and down their naked bodies, admiring their firm muscles. Evan leaned forward, putting his hands on the wall and sticking his ass out. Frank was right up against him, massaging his chest. Fiona imagined being between them. She started to walk in, but stopped, putting her hands on her breasts instead. They would be there for a few more minutes. She had time to enjoy the show. She peeled off her shirt and began to rub her hands on her breasts. Her fingers slid against her nipples. Her eyes were on the two naked men. Frank's hands were on Evan's hips. Evan had an erection. In fact, he looked pretty turned on. 

"Stroke his cock, stroke his cock," Fiona whispered to herself, but Frank continued to rub Evan's ass. Fiona pinched her nipples between her fingers. The sight of the two guys covered in soap suds, caressing each other was almost surreal. Frank turned and faced the back wall. The water from the shower splashed on his ass, and ran down his legs. Evan stepped behind him, and ran his hand up Frank's back and onto his shoulders. Fiona's eyes fixed on Evan's tight ass. His cock had to be up against Frank. She thought being where Frank was, and squeezing Evan's penis between the cheeks of her ass while he moved it up and down. 

"Dude, Fiona's watching use", Evan whispered to Frank. "I can see her in the shaving mirror." 

Frank looked up at the small mirror on the shower wall. Sure enough, there was Fiona.

Evan continued. "She's got her shirt off and she's playing with her tits."

"Then it's going to be a few minutes before she joins us. "

Frank felt Evan press up against him; Fiona was clearly turning him on. Evan's hips pressed against Frank's ass.

"Don't get too excited. I'm all for putting on a good show for Fiona, but there are limits."

"My bad. Tell me more about what she will do to us."

"She's probably going to watch to us some more. All I can say is, you do what she asks, and the payoff is fantastic. Every offer she had made me has been totally worth it, no matter how bizarre it sounded at first."

"Dude, she has one hand in her pants. Is there anything I can do encourage her?"

"I dunno, her mind works in strange ways."

"Well, I'm going to kick it up a notch. Don't freak out on me." Evan said.

Fiona moved one hand down her body and slid it into her shorts. Her finger rested on her clit. She slowly began to circle it. Evan was still washing Frank. Frank turned again, so he was facing the side wall. Evan's hands were on his chest, working up lather. Frank had an erection too. Fiona watched as Evan's hands moved down Frank's body, getting closer and closer to his cock. She started to breathe faster. Then the hand on her breast started squeezing it harder. Evan's hands moved up Frank's hip and on to his ass. 

"So close," Fiona whispered to herself. Evan leaned back a bit; she saw the tip of his cock emerge from between Frank's cheeks. Her thoughts returned to the idea of having a dick pressed against her backside. Then he did it. Evan put his hand on Franks cock and started stroking it. She pressed hard on her clit, and began rubbing it. Almost right away waves of pleasure swept over her. Her knees felt week. She put on hand on the wall to catch herself. As she caught her breath, she decided it was time to go in.

Frank felt Evan's hands slide down his body, then up his hips and on to his ass. So far so good. Then he felt Evan's hips press against him, and his dick rubbed against his ass. He wondered how far Evan was going to take this. The next thing he felt was Evan stroking his cock. 

"Holy Masturbation Batman," Evan exclaimed," I think she is having an orgasm. She started squeezing her tits, and then just about fell over, "Evan said breathlessly, " She's taking off her shorts and coming this way"

"I guess you plan worked. Nicely done. You can let go of my dick now."

"Room for one more?" Fiona asked.

Evan and Frank both turned to look at Fiona. She was naked and opening the shower door. Her face was flushed and her nipples were erect. 

"Of course, come on in," said Frank.

"I don't want to interrupt," Fiona replied.

Frank and Evan both turned as Fiona stepped and watched as she knelt down. Frank felt her hands replace Evan's on his cock. Her hands were smaller and softer. Her touch was gentle. 

"I've go this, " Fiona said as she pushed Evan's hand away from Frank's cock. 

"You work on the top half, I will take care of the bottom half." Frank felt Evan's hands on his chest, but his full attention was on Fiona. Water was dripping off him, and onto her. Her tits glistened as the water beaded up and ran off them. He felt her fingertips on his balls. Then she put Evan's hands back on his cock. There was a stark contrast between Evans powerful strokes on his dick and Fiona's gentle caress on his balls.

Fiona began to lather up their legs. First Frank, then Evan. She started on Frank's calf, and worked her way up his leg. When she got to the top she lathered up his balls. She could see Evan's hands rubbing Frank's chest. She grabbed Evan's wrists and guided them down to Frank's dick. As Evan began stroking Frank, she resumed caressing his balls. Frank gazed down at her with a looked that combined curiosity and pleasure. She worked her way down Frank's other leg, and then started on Evan. By the time she reached the top of his leg, Evan had put his hands back on Frank's shoulders. She gave Evan a little shove back, and reached up between them to lather up his dick. 

"Fiona, I think its time to clean you up," Evan said, helping her stand up. He guided her so she was between him and the wall, and began to rub soap all over her. Frank squatted down in front of her, lathering up her legs. Evan's hands were covering her breasts with soapsuds, and his cock was nestled between the cheeks of her ass. Frank's hands were all over her legs. She felt his fingertips on the inside of her thighs. Evan's fingers felt electric as they pinched her nipples. Then she felt Frank's finger slip inside her. Her knees felt weak again. Fiona put her hands on the wall for support. She felt a warm wave of pleasure pass through her body. Evan's cock pressed between her checks. She looked down at Frank. His erection showed how much he was enjoying finger fucking her. She wanted to feel his penis.

"Frank," Fiona said," I think Evan missed a spot on your back, Stand up and turn around. Frank stood between Fiona and the wall. She put her hands on his back and moved closer, so her hips and thighs pressed against him. She stood up straight so Evan could continue to massager her breasts. Her arms slid around to Frank's chest, and then wandered down to his waist. Her hand closed around his dick. Fiona squirmed, slipping and sliding between the two soapy men she was sandwiched between. She squeezed both of them; Frank with her hand, and Evan with her ass.

Frank turned around, so that he was facing Fiona. Frank and Evan pressed tight against Fiona. She felt Evan's cock against the small of her back, and Frank's just below her ribs. Fiona stood on her toes, putting her arms around Frank's neck to pull herself up. As she did, Evan's dick slipped between the cheeks of her ass. Her breasts flattened against Frank's chest has they squeezed her tighter. Evan put his hands under her ass and lifted her up. He clearly liked rubbing his penis on her ass. Fiona felt Frank's erection rubbing on the small patch of pubic hair above her vagina. She pulled harder on Frank's neck, if she could get just a little higher; she thought she could start fucking one of them. Her feet left the floor; she wrapped her legs around Frank's thighs and pressed the lips of her vagina against the tip of his cock. Frank smiled, but he did not have any control of her. Evan lowered her a bit, and Fiona slide down onto Frank's throbbing cock. She rode up and down on Frank, feeling Evan's penis brushing against her ass.

"My turn," Evan whispered in her ear. She pushed her hips back and Evan lowered her again, this time onto his own cock. Evan continued to move her up and down, and Fiona continued to switch between Frank and Evan, getting fucked by both of them until they were about to come. She wasn't ready for the fun to end.

"All right you two, up against the wall," Fiona ordered. Evan lowered her to the floor, and Fiona let go of Frank's neck. She grabbed the shower handle as Evan and Frank put their hands on the wall and faced away from her. She sprayed them down very thoroughly, watching the water run off their shoulders, down their backs, across their asses and finally onto the floor. 

"Turn around," as they turned she repeated the process, hosing down their chests, and letting the water wash the suds off them.

"Now get out, I'll be done in a minute," Fiona said.

The two men stepped out and began to towel off. Fiona turned her eyes down, and began to wash herself off. She knew they were watching her, She started by rinsing her breasts, making slow lazy circles around her nipples with the spray. She turned slightly as she directed the spray over her shoulder and onto her ass. Finally she put the shower head between her legs, holding it there for almost a minute. The rush of warm water felt good, but knowing that she had their full attention excited her even more. She twisted the control from spay to massage, and the water pulsed against her. She looked out of the corner of her eye at Evan and Frank. They were both staring at her, their dicks fully erect. She aimed the water right on her clit, letting the warm water pound away at her. She imagined Evan's cock pounding into her while Frank caressed her breasts. She liked it when Frank watched her get fucked. She almost always had an orgasm when he watched her. And when Frank got ' sloppy seconds', she came even harder. She ran the shower massage across her breasts, then turned off the water and put it away. 

Fiona stepped out of the shower. Both Frank and Evan began to towel her off. Frank was in front of her, and he started with her neck. The towel felt soft and warm as it rubbed against her skin. The towel moved slowly, deliberately, across her collarbone, and began to swirl around her breasts. Evan was behind her, drying her shoulders. Frank's towel gently rubbed against her breasts, starting from the bottom and working up. His hands cupped her tits through the towel and squeezed. The soft cotton rubbed against her erect nipples. Frank was completely focused on what he was doing. 

Evan had worked his way down to her ass, and was wrapping his towel around her waist. Evan's hands pressed the towel against her thighs. She could feel his breath against the small of her back as he continued to work. Now Evan's towel was between her legs, lightly brushing against her vagina. They covered every inch of her body, and soon every drop of water hand been wiped away.

Frank picked up Fiona's thong and wrapped it around her wrists. Evan grabbed the makeshift restraint and slipped it over the robe hook on the wall. It was just high enough that Fiona had to stretch, and could not easily get down. They both started kissing her on the lips, turning her head left and right. Soon they were kissing her at the same time, one on the lips, the other on the ear, or neck, or shoulder. 

Frank and Evan continued kissing her, slowly moving down her body. It almost made her dizzy. They moved down to her breasts, caressing and kissing her tits. Fiona felt hands on her thighs. Both Frank and Evan's lips moved closer and closer to her nipples, but they stopped short, taunting her. She could feel their breath, but no tongues flicked against them, no lips wrapped around them, no teeth pinched them. At the same time, their fingers stopped short of her vagina. She ached to feel then inside her, but their finger were just out of reach.

Fiona started to tell them she wanted their mouths on her breasts, but before she could speak, Frank kissed her on the lips, and his tongue filled her mouth. She struggled to get her hands free. If they would not touch her, she would do it herself. She wanted to grab their dicks, stuff one in her mouth and the other between her legs. She wanted to pinch her nipples between her fingers, and squeeze her breasts while they fucked her. But she could not get loose from the hook. Frank's fingers were tantalizing close to the wet folds of flesh between her legs, Evan's lips were millimeters from her nipples. She ached to have the touch her in the right places. 

Both of them put a hand on Fiona's breast, fingers spread, straddling the erect flesh in the center. They started kissing her again, just below her breasts, across her ribs. She felt their mouths on her hips, then her thighs. She spread her legs apart, wishing one or both of them would go down on her. Their mouths quickly moved back to her breasts. They were frantically kissing, licking and sucking on her tits. She felt their tongues all over her nipples. Her breasts were being squeezed at the same time. Her breathing got faster. She could feel her pussy getting wetter, spreading on to her thighs. She felt their hands on her ass. She wanted them inside her; she struggled against the hook she was hanging from, she pleaded for one of them to be inside her. Frank and Evan were getting even more frantic. She started to climax. She watched the two naked men in front of her as they focused on her tits, and she came. This time the feeling started with her nipples and spread out through her body. The inside of her thighs were wet from the excitement. Her breathing began to slow down as her orgasm finished. Frank and Evan were slowing down too. Frank released her wrists from the restraints. Fiona took both Evan and Frank by the hand and without a word lead them back into the living room.

"Sit down Frank," she said, nodding towards a chair in the middle of the room. Frank settled into the chair, wondering what Fiona had in mind.

"Evan, come with me, I want your help with something. Frank, stay there and think about what I am going to do to you, "she said with a naughty smile.

Fiona led Evan back to the bedroom. She turned to face him, putting her hands on his chest.

"I really enjoyed watching you and Frank in the shower. Seeing you stroke his cock made me so horny I could not help myself. Did you like watching me masturbate?" she asked.

"Fuck yes," Evan replied.

"Do you like making me horny, Evan? Does that turn you on?" 

"Yes."

"If you could do anything to me, what would it be?" Fiona asked.

"Anything?" asked Evan.

"Well, anything you would let me do to you."

"Anything you could do to me... hmmm"

Fiona knew what Evan was thinking. She ran her fingers across his chest and whispered in his ear

"Anything that me and my strap on dildo could do to you..."

"So if I wanted to fuck you in the ass..." Evan started.

Fiona stepped behind Evan and pressed against him. She stood on her toes, pressing her hips against his ass.

"I would do the same thing to you, and I'd do it first" she interrupted. She grabbed his hair and gently pulled on it

"I'm thinking of you on your hands and knees, and I'm pulling your hair as I fuck you from behind, and it's making my pretty horny"

"That certainly puts things in perspective. I think we will keep the exit only rule," Evan replied " How about I fuck you from behind while you talk dirty about it to Frank, and when I'm done, I get to watch you ride Frank's cock".

"That sound absolutely fabulous" Fiona replied. She grabbed a few things out of the closet and headed back to the living room.

"I think I found everything I want," Fiona said to Frank as she walked back into the room. Evan followed her in. Fiona walked over to Frank and slipped the leather belts across his chest to form an X. Then she tied his left wrist to the arm of the chair with a silk ribbon, Evan did the same to his right. Fiona stepped behind Frank and put her hands on his shoulders, Evan tied her wrists to the straps on Frank's chest with more silk strips. 

"Frank," Fiona whispered in his ear "you are going to sit there and listen to Evan and I fuck. I am so wet and horny; I will probably want to ride your cock after I've made Evan come."

"Alright Evan," Fiona said, "Get behind me, I want you inside me"

Fiona felt Evan hands on her ass, then his tongue between her legs. 

"He's licking my pussy Frank. His tongue feels so good," Fiona whispered in Frank's ear. She looked down at Frank's cock. It was fully erect.

"Oh, oh, oh. It feels good. Your friend is very talented," Fiona moaned into Frank's ear. "He's got his mouth right on my clit. He's going to make me come Frank. He is gong to make me come and he has not even fucked me yet."

Frank hung on each of Fiona's words, each grunt and moan turned him on more. He imagined what she looked like; bent at the waist, her full breasts swaying as Evan went down on her. He could feel her breath on his neck, and it was getting rapid. Sometimes she would lean forward and press her tits against him. It certainly sounded like she was having an orgasm.
