 Tina and Carol, in order to keep things really lively, began exploring around the area to see if there were any like-minded groups that were possibly interested in expanding their sexual horizons. Fortunately both Carol and Tina were very careful about making sure about the introduction of disruptive individuals and potentially dangerous issues (read STD's). They really did a lot of leg work in screening other groups. If a group passed their scrutiny, then we would have our group meet the new group with a cook out or some other type of innocuous party. If everybody approved then we would then schedule a more intimate get-together. With a 16 person orgy, the parties lasted all night so we had to make sure no one had to go to work the next day. Ironically, if a party ended Sunday morning, it had to be by 9:00 am because some couples attended church.

We eventually found two other groups of four within our close proximity that we would meet with. Rather than shoot out a whole lot of names, I mention them as they become significant. The first group we hooked up with consisted of Pete and Kay, Julian and Julie, Mike and Pat and, finally, Virgil and Sally. They were all in their sixties and in good health, no smokers. 

However, as did the lovers in our group they all showed some signs of the good fight. Kay was an ample woman with love handles and some really massive tits. She loved dressing up in "fuck me" outfits and she would do anything to get her lover(s) off. Julie was kinda quiet, again she had little love handles but her breasts were smaller with small nipples. Her butt was a little on the large side but if there was a gang bang, Julie literally in the middle of it. She loved cock filling all of her holes. Pat was average in just about every way but she had a beautiful smile and she really loved swallowing cum. Sally was a demon, she was only 5' tall but had some great mature curves. She would get really bossy sometimes but she was absolutely merciless in draining every last drop of cum out of you. She was a cum vampire.

The men were all average in height with the little pot bellies common for their ages. Virgil and Pete had unusual cocks. Virgil when erect was a good nine inches. It was no wonder that Sally yelled so much. Pete's cock was IMMENSE in it's girth. When he pulled out of a pussy, it sounded like pulling a cork out of a champagne bottle. I guess the girls just really love sampling different dicks.

My favorite out of the new group was Kay. She just loved fucking soooo much and she seemed to really like me. I guess it was the fact that we were so alike in trying to please our lovers. Penny and I were home and it was a couple of days after our first intimate party with the Kay's group. Penny had taken Virgil's cock in the ass and was still sore. She was working on the musical selection committee and was all engrossed in the computer. The phone rang and I answered it.

It was Kay and she wanted to talk to me.

"Is this Jack Miller?"

"Speaking"

"Hi Jack, This is Kay Johnson. We kinda met the other night at Alan and Carol's."

I laughed, "Kinda? It was a fabulous experience and I'm so glad that we spent so much time together."

She giggled back, "I'm so glad you feel that way. I was wondering if you would like to come over for a glass of wine."

Penny was hearing none of this because she was all wrapped up listening to the old fart musical selections over the computer.

"I'd love to, when would you like for me to come and would you like for me to bring something?"

"How about now and, no, you don't need to bring anything. I only live three doors down on Monroe Place."

That was literally only 30 seconds out my front door.

She did add something extra.

"Jack, honey, not to be too forward, please take a Viagra."

"Penny, I'm going for a walk." I said after taking the pill.

She was still engrossed in the computer and just said, "Unnnhhh."

I got to Kay's door and rang the bell.

She answered the door wearing a black garter belt with sheer black stockings, crotchless panties and 6 inch spike heels. Her massive tits were being pulled by gravity but her nipples were hard and her panties glistened from her wetness. Despite the foibles of age, She looked damned good and I knew I was going to pump my cum into her pussy.

"Hi Jack" She cooed, "Since we had such a nice time the other night, I was wondering what it would be like if we weren't distracted by others."

I walked up to her and we embraced and I french kissed her. I closed the door behind us while she was sucking on my tongue. She was about 4 inches shorter than I with long brown hair which despite being colored, looked great. It went down to the middle of her back. I didn't even ask about her husband because I knew she had already planned for that. I was going to fuck her if he was there or not.

She took my hand and took me immediately to the bedroom. As I was removing my shirt, she had unbuckled my pants and slid them to the floor. She started sucking my already rock hard rod.

"Mmmmmmm, tastes great and, I hope, is really filling" She laughed, "I'm glad that you're so glad to see me, my pussy is sooooooo wet. You want to taste it, baby?"

I was squeezing her massive tits and lightly pinching her nipples when she asked me this.

"Miss Kay, I was hoping you'd want me to pleasure you."

Before she could move, I unfastened her stockings and removed her garter belt. She smiled and slid back on the bed on her back. I positioned myself over her and started sucking and licking her tits and nipples.

She was holding my head with her arms and I started moving down her tummy towards her snatch. Before I started my oral love, I removed her crotchless panties.

"What's the matter baby? Don't you like my lingerie?" she asked a little defensively.

"No, Honey, I love it but when it comes to making love, a beautiful naked woman like you is the ultimate aphrodisiac. I want to taste and love all of you."

With that i started licking and nibbling on her large pussy lips. She had a pronounced and very swollen clitoris and her snatch was cleanly shaved. I feasted on her privates for the longest time. I really licked and sucked hard on her clit and that drove her mad. She was holding my head in a vice like grip and holding me tight on her pussy.

"Oooohhhhhhhh, Ooooooohhhhhh, suck it, suck it harder, baby, harder," She begged.

I could feel the tension in her body ebb and flow. I would bring up to successively higher thresholds with my tongue and when her tension started easing, I would back off to let her rest a fwsecond before starting all over again. She was moaning the whole time

I knew I had her when the tension was so great that her back was arched. I pushed my head hard against her vagina and jammed my flicking tongue deep inside her. I was using my tongue to lick all inside her sopping wet vagina. The sensation was too much for her to withstand.

"JJEEEEZZZZZUUUUSSSS," She screamed and she exploded like you wouldn't believe. Her fluids exploded into my mouth and face and drenched my entire head. 

I didn't stop licking, sucking, or tongue fucking her. I was going to tongue her senseless. She had massive waves of orgasms. Her hips were bucking and the bed was bouncing. It was great.

Finally she was lurching and spasming.

"Stttttooooppp, baby, please sttttooopppp," as she tried to roll on her side.

I let her roll out and she rolled up in a fetal position.

"JJJEEEZZZZZUUUUSSS GAWD, my gawd, oh my gawd" She cried breathlessly and panting heavily.

I let her rest for a minute but as I said earlier, I was gonna cum in her pussy.

I took her ankles and stretched her out of the fetal position and put her on her back. She was looking right into my eyes with a sort of helpless look. I took my cock and pushed it past het pussy lips and deep into her. I then pushed her thighs into the bed and started slowly sliding my dick in and out. The combination of sounds and sensations was intoxicating. 

Her pussy was just drenched and the bed was soaked in warm pussy juice. Our flesh was rhythmically slapping together, fwop fwop fwop. She was now cognizant of my hard cock in her pussy and was coming out of her orgasmic haze. She was talking to me again.

" I want that dick, fuck me with your dick, fuck me, fuck me." She cooed in a loving voice.

I released her legs from my grip and placed my hands on the bed. Her hands were all over my ass and stroking my chest. She draped her legs over my thighs and put her arms around my neck and she sucked on my tongue hard as I was thrusting harder and harder. She released my tongue and looked me in the eye with the passion of a woman who wants buckets of hot cum.

"Are you gonna cum inside me? I want to feel every hot loving sperm swimming in my cunt. I crave cum."

I was talking back, "My belly is swelling with sperm, I need to flood your pussy"

"Don't hold back, honey. give it to me"

"I feel it moving down my cock. It's so hot, soo soo hot, I can't hold it, I caaannnn'ttt... ARRRRGGGHHHHH, ARRRRGGGGGHHHHH, ARRRRRGGGGHHHHH."

My thick ropes of love flooded her womb.

She was gently stroking my back and ass as I was convulsing inside her pussy. After it was over I collapsed by her side. We were both starting to get cold so she pulled up a blanket from the bottom of the bed that hadn't been soaked to cover us but first she cleaned my cock with her mouth and tongue. I held her as she rested her head on my chest and she ever so gently stroked my well worked member. The Viagra was having it's desired effect and my dick was responding to her magic but before it got much farther I went down on her to clean her pussy.

That took her off guard but she reveled in it anyway. She was soon clutching at my head again begging me to take her over the rainbow again. I did everything she wanted and soon she was cumming again. The squirting wasn't as massive but she did manage to soak our only dry blanket.

When the time to fuck rolled around, she climbed on top and rode me balls to knob and, again, I shot 80 million sperm inside of her pussy. While she rested on top of me, I caressed her back and ass with my finger tips. When my cock eventually softened and slid out, she collapsed next to me. She slowly inserted her fingers in her pussy and removed them with my cum on them. She french kissed me and then licked and slid her fingers into her mouth while making a "yummy" sound. Then she re-inserted her fingers in her pussy for more juice and cum and gently put them inside my mouth. She slowly pulled them out while gently caressing my face with her other hand. With a big smile, she licked them for good measure.

She embraced and kissed me. "This is the beginning of a beautiful relationship." She kissed me again and then said, "I love cum, I love it in my pussy, I love it in my mouth and I love swallowing it."

She then proceeded to give me a blow job that only the gods could imagine. I don't remember much other than the moment of eruption. My back was arched and my body was frozen in ecstasy. I don't know how much I blew but Kay swallowed every drop before she kissed me.

I couldn't keep my hands off of Kay and she knew it. Every time I saw her, I wanted to fuck her and she loved having me inside her body. We had these little sex games that we would play out. For example, our small retiree village has several shops and restaurants in its center highlighted with a nationally known Inn with lovely gardens. 

Kay and I would pose as anonymous lovers during the twilight of warm summer days in the gardens under the auspices of the room windows of the Inn. She would often wear a sun dress with no undies and I would sneak up behind her not saying a word, spread her legs and push my cock inside her pussy from behind. As I was pumping her I would squeeze her massive tits until I left a big load dripping from her snatch. Her dresses always had cum stains afterwards. We both loved it.

But I digress, getting back to this first one on one meeting with Kay, I was walking home with my dick in a state of bliss. I was walking by my master bedroom windows that faced the side walk. I heard some tell-tale fucking sounds emanating from the open window. I peaked in the partially open blinds and saw Penny in the middle of a gang bang. She was flat on her back with her head off the bed. One of the new guys was fucking her mouth and Alan was driving his cock into her snatch while holding her legs by her ankles. Another new guy was standing by jerking himself waiting for his pussy fuck. I guess the music selection work had gotten a bit frustrating and she needed some relaxation.

Instead of going into the house, I just went up to the coffee shop to get a scone and a cup of coffee. I ran into Carol.

"I guess you know that Alan is shooting cum into Penny. He told me he needed to fuck a long-legged wench and Penny has the longest legs we know."

I laughed, "Well there are two other guys helping him. Penny has really gotten enamored with gang bangs and DP's. Multiple dicks seem to really calm her down." 

Carol said, "Speaking of dicks, you look awfully relaxed."

I sort of blushed.

"It's that new girl, Kay, isn't it. I could tell that she was really into you the other night." Carol was sort of smiling but then again.

I nodded.

"Jack, 9 am tomorrow, my place, OK?"

Promptly at 9, I rang the door bell at Alan and Carol's. Alan answered but he was headed out to work. All he said was, "You're on your own, good luck."

I walked inside and Carol was her usual joyful self bouncing all over the place. She was dressed in white sheer thigh highs, her white hooker pumps and a white half-slip that did not completely cover her pussy or derrière. She was also wearing a cultured string of pearls that accentuated her neck and breasts perfectly.

She reached up put her arms around my neck and stuck her tongue in my mouth.

"I told Alan not to come home until tonight, he got his pussy yesterday. I want a stiff dick all day long, your dick."

I embraced her tight and reciprocated the sexy kiss. She took me in the bedroom and helped me remove my clothes. She whispered in my ear,

"I yearn for your cock, when we don't fuck for a couple of days I really get irritable." She took off her half slip and the string of pearls looked so erotic laying perfectly over her massive tits. She started sucking me. She was always mind blowing with her oral talents but there seemed to be a higher level of intensity today. 

She removed her shoes and slid onto the bed. The covers had been removed and the bed had silk sheets. She motioned me to lie down next to her and I did. She kissed me passionately and then went down on my cock again. I was gently stroking her pussy and teasing her clit and pussy lips with my fingers. When she licked the tip of my cock to clear off the precum, I put her on her back and started nibbling and licking between her thighs and up her pussy.

"Oh god, Jack, don't ever stop doing that to me."

I focused in on her clit and sucked and licked it.

"Stick your tongue in my vagina, baby." She begged

I did as she wanted and she grasped my head as hard or harder than Kay did and pushed me deeper. She exploded into my mouth, she squirted everywhere as her body was thrashing about. I was drenched as was the bed. She lay motionless for a good twenty minutes while I held and stroked her. She finally began to move and gingerly sat up.

"Baby doll, I want you to stand on the bed in front of me."

She had moved to a kneeling position and my cock was mouth level. 

"Precious, I want you to give me a golden shower."

"Carol, baby?..."

"Pee on me, I want to feel your hot pee cascading down my neck and tits."

By this time she had her hand on my penis and my bladder was full. I let go and my pee just was drenching her neck and chest and she was absolutely relishing it. She moved my penis to direct the flow of urine just where she wanted it. Her body was glistening from my hot discharge and my cock went into the hardest erection I had ever felt. I pushed her back and stuck my tongue back to her tonsils. She instinctively opened her legs as wide as she could and I jammed my cock really hard into her sopping wet pussy. With all the fucking that I had been doing, I knew I could pound her love canal forever without shooting my load. We were both humping so hard that we were bouncing off the bed. 

She was sucking hard on my tongue and wouldn't let go. She finally did.

She had a couple of vaginal orgasms during this maelstrom and the sounds she made were incoherent and LOUD. I was furiously pumping and I felt her dig her fingernails into my ass and then she went limp. I was pumping faster and faster and I could feel the hot cum starting to swell. Despite all the sex I had been getting, this was going to be a huge painful but euphoric cumshot. My whole body was launching into her when I came. I didn't scream or anything, all my energy was directed at shooting my cum ropes up to her brain. Despite our ages, my animal side wanted to impregnate her.

I collapsed and we were both limp, wet from pee, covered in cum and we just held each other. I grabbed a blanket from the floor and covered our wet shivering bodies. We slept in each other's arms when we got warm. 

Carol woke me by giving me little kisses on my face neck and chest. She was a mess but then again so was I. She started gently caressing my dick to bring it back to life. When it started to rise, she pushed me on my back and straddled me.

"Baby, baby, that was the most amazing act of love, I've EVER had. I want to know if you love me."

"Of course, Carol, I love you. I've never had anything like that either."

"Will you let me pee on you?"

"Of course, Sweetheart."

She smiled and kissed me and then squatted just above me and showered me with her golden love moving up and down my abdomen while gently steadying herself on my chest. She was looking at the ceiling with her eyes closed as she savored every drop leaving her body.

When she was finished, she re-positioned herself over my now stiff dick and slid it inside of her. She proceeded to ride me to orgasms for both of us. I just loved seeing her enjoy herself, bouncing tits and everything. 

This time we got up and thoroughly cleaned up in the shower. We changed the bed. Carol knew where she had wanted to go as she had put a plastic bed cover under the silk sheets. We made the bed up with more traditional sheets w/o the protection and a full complement of blankets.

We didn't put on any clothes though. We both climbed back in bed after the clean-up. We started kissing and caressing each other, she stroked my cock to get it hard. Without a word, we went to the missionary position. My cock naturally slid into her vagina and we began a gentle rocking fuck that lasted a very long time but not long enough.

We lay in a loving embrace, sleeping on and off and I finally asked the obvious question.

"Sweetheart, what happened that made you want to have a golden shower?"

She was gently stroking me.

"I dunno, I guess I was a little concerned with all this sex flying around that you wouldn't want me as your primary and best lover. The pee bit was just to show you, how much you mean to me. Besides," She was smiling now. "We were both marking our territory." 

"Carol, honey, remember I am YOUR slut" I whispered in her ear as I kissed her and fell asleep.