 Penny and I got an invitation from Rick and Renee to come over one afternoon for some coffee and tea and to meet some friends of theirs. I was anticipating that something else might be transpiring so I took 100 mg of Viagra about 30 minutes before we were scheduled to get there. If nothing else happened, I knew that I could hump Renee to release a load a sperm when no one was looking and I could ball Penny when we got home.

When we got there, Renee answered the door. 

"Jack and Penny so glad you could come," She kissed me on the cheek. "I'd like you to meet Bob and Arlene Armstrong. They are are the Pastors at our Church, Magnolia Presbyterian Church."

I was thinking that "Geez that was a waste of a Viagra pill. How am I going to Renee alone?"

Bob and Arlene were in their mid-fifties. They both had short grey hair and looked reasonably fit. Bob was about 6 ft and Arlene was about 5'7". She was a handsome woman dressed very conservatively with nice slacks and a cotton button-up blouse with a vest. Bob was wearing nice slacks with a polo shirt. Arlene was wearing black high heels which seemed a little out of place. The conservative clothing hid a lot of details but I could tell Arlene had a full hips and a nice ass.

They both rose and shook our hands, "We're very pleased to meet you."

"Thank you."

Rick and Renee had told us that their church was small and was an outgrowth of the big University Presbyterian Church in the town. As a result, Bob and Arlene were very liberal and Arlene, in particular, was a very vocal "feminist". They were actively looking for new members. I was kinda of dreading of hearing a multitude of lectures on the plight of this and that when we made the introductions.

However, we had a pleasant conversation. We asked about their background and history. It was Bob's second marriage, his first wife passed from breast cancer about 10 years earlier. He met Arlene who was divorced and on her second career as an intern from the local Seminary. They both had grown children and were expecting their first grandchild. I told them about my career path which included a second go as a nurse and Penny related some of her experiences as a school teacher. They seemed to be impressed.

Renee asked about drinks and went into the kitchen and brought out a couple of bottles of white wine and some decorative cookies (She took me later that she added some of Carol's secret ingredient). We enjoyed ourselves with the refreshments

We didn't discuss politics, but she did ask me about what it was like as a man in a female dominated profession. I told her the truth that often times we had better working relationships with physicians but we were also frequent targets of petty jealousy and mind games. I told her that sexual stereotypes were prevalent regardless of the gender of the management."

She found this comment interesting and explored some more. Rick and Bob went with Penny and Renee into the kitchen to remove some of the dirty dishes. I heard some laughing and Renee say,

"Oh Bob, you're such a tease."

I caught a glimpse and Rick had Penny in tight embrace his tongue in her mouth and his hand cupping her ass. Bob the pastor was kissing Renee and was squeezing her tits. Her head was tilted back and she was moaning slightly.

Arlene saw all this too but she was continuing to ask questions but they were getting stranger and more personal.

"Did any co-workers come onto you?"

"A couple of times but nothing ever happened. It would have made things that much more difficult in working there besides I'm married.

"I heard nurses make better lovers, is that true?" She slid over on the sofa tight. She nibbled on my ear and started lightly caressing my cock."

"Well, We do know where all the parts are and how they work," I laughed but with that Viagra I had a raging hard on and she was massaging it through my pants.

"Prove it" she cooed and she place my hand on her left breast. They were average in size B/C cup but very sensitive. I could tell when I lightly massaged her nipples. She really groaned loudly. Our open mouths met in a long wet kiss and our tongues explored each other.

Meanwhile, Rick had Penny on the sofa in the adjoining room and she was totally naked and he was slurping on her pussy. Her legs were wrapped around his shoulders and she was talking in her ecstasy,

"More, mmmmmm, mmmmmm, Make me cum like you always do, Ricky, Oh Ricky"

Arlene stood up and kick off her shoes and dropped her slacks. She was wearing pantyhose with no panties. The crotch was wet from her juices and she had a prominent clit and a clean shaven snatch. She slid off the panty hose and left them on the floor. I got up and dropped my trousers and shorts and my raging hard on was on display. I took off my shirt.

I helped Arlene remove her tops and removed her bra while we kissed again. She got on her knees she held my cock and hissed,"

"The penis is one of God's great gifts, it gives a great deal of pleasure," and she then wrapped her lips around it and started moving up and down the shaft.

She then something that made me laugh, "Jeezus, this thing is hard"

I took her hand and she stood up. I had her sit on the sofa and I got on my knees and spread her legs. I started nibbling on her inner thighs and oversized labia. Her exposed clit was hard and swollen. I put it my mouth and alternately sucked and licked. She slid down the sofa in order to tighten the mouth pussy connection. She was moaning and gyrating her hips.

I looked up at her and said, "God also knew what a great thing, pussy was."

She giggled while I went back to feasting. I started fingering her and her sexual tension was rising and rising.

I could her Rick now pounding Penny on the other sofa.

"Dick me, Oooooh, Dick me, I want your cum pouring into me," Penny cried.

I really sucked hard on Arlene's clit while ramming my fingers inside her at lightning speed. She blew in my face and convulsed and squirted all over me and the furniture. It was wonderful watching her cum.

She was panting and I pulled out of her pussy. Rick had Penny draped over the arm of their fucking sofa and was pounding her from the rear. One could see cum dripping from Penny's cunt and Rick's cock but they were still pumping hard.

Arlene said to me, "Let's go find Bob and Renee." I want Bob to see you fuck me"

We found them in the bedroom. Bob had Renee on her back and her legs were wrapped around him. He was plunging his cock into her long and hard and she had her head raised off the bed looking at his dick going in and out of her furry pussy.

"Ommph, Mmmmm, Ommph, fuck, fuck, fuck," said Bob as he pumped.

In full view of Bob, Arlene got down on her knees again and started sucking on my cock.

I clutched her head and pushed my dick all the way in. Arlene made a gurgling sound but didn't stop me. I started to fuck her face. She took my all of my cock with joy and when I finished she kept licking it.

Bob had rolled Renee over on her knees and started pounding her from the rear. Renee was looking through her legs at Bob's nut sack slap her pussy. She was getting ready to cum.

Arlene got up and took my hand and laid down on her back on the other side of the king sized bed. She drew me in, took a hold of my cock and slid it into her pussy. She locked me in with her legs.

"You are going to fuck me hard and deep and I want every last drop of cum inside me."

I started pumping her. Arlene grabbed each of her legs behind her knees to open her pussy up.

"Gawd, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," She cried.

Renee was violently shaking the bed with a series of orgasms and the screams of ecstasy drew Rick and Penny in to observe all the humping.

The view of me pounding Arlene with her legs straight up in the air drove Bob over the edge. He was pounding Renee so hard that she almost went flying off his cock. He was holding her hips when he exploded inside of her. He roared when he came and cum poured out of Renee's twot.

Arlene and I were the only ones left. Penny was talking to Arlene whose eyes were closed, face was contorted and her mouth was wide open.

"Arlene, Jack is getting close. His cum is really really hot and he's going to shoot ropes of his magic goo in side of you and we're all watching."

Arlene came on my dick hard. Viagra can make you lose some sensitivity and help you prolong an orgasm. It was certainly doing that. I was fucking her so hard her legs were thrashing all over the place.

Renee said to everyone else in the room, "I know when Jack is going to shoot, he's just about there." 

The bed was bouncing and squeaking with every thrust.

"I can feel the white hot luv cumming," I yelled and it shot out of my knob. I convulsed and quivered.

She twitched with every rope.

Panting she said, "Jeezsus, what a wonderful fuck." We all laughed.

We all laid on the now messy king sized bed stroking our lovers until Renee noticed that the Viagra was still working on me and started sucking on my dick. Rick started cleaning Arlene's pussy with his tongue and Bob was fingering Penny's pussy. This time we all stayed and fucked on the king sized bed. At one point, all the girls were being fucked in the missionary position and it was a wonderful thing to behold. We all shot our loads in our lovers.

As couples we took turns taking showers and based upon what happened the showers were going to take longer than usual. Penny and Rick went first.

Bob and Renee were just cuddling on the bed, resting. Arlene noticed my cock still had some life in it and started caressing it.

"Look's like we have some life left in this magic stick," She giggled

I was getting hard again. I started sucking and groping her tits and fingering her snatch.

In no time, we were both panting again. Bob and Renee were smiling at us and fondling the other's genitalia when Arlene got on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed. She took a hold of my now stiff cock and pushed it inside of her. I started rhythmically pumping in and out. She was bobbing her head up and down looking at my balls slap her pussy.

"Ooooh, that feels great, Jack, keep it up." I was out of cum but my body still had Viagra. I kept it up and up and up.

While we were fucking I heard Bob whisper to Renee, "I've never seen Arlene like this. She really loves Jack's fucking style."

Renee whispered back, "We ALL love Jack's fucking style, he never holds anything back and he'll do whatever we want. He's out slut."

Arlene had her head on the bed, her mouth was wide open and she was moaning loudly.

Penny and Rick had just come out of the shower. Penny started to say, "That naughty boy, Rick, made me cum on his hand...Well what do we have here."

I was pounding Arlene mercilessly and suddenly she screamed convulsed all over my cock. She was so sensitive she dropped right off onto the bed whimpering,

"Oh my God, Oh my God."

Bob and Renee went into the shower to clean up. 

Penny said, "You really need to put that thing away before you hurt someone."

Rick went to the kitchen to get some water. Arlene was folded up in a fetal position, I was still hard. I grabbed naked Penny by the ankles and pulled her straight in the bed.

"What the fuck are YOU DOING?" She screamed.

I pushed her legs over her head and smashed my cock into her still red pussy. I fucked and fucked and fucked until I got that little cork of cum to pop out of my cock into her furry snatch.

Bob, Renee and Rick were amazed at the carnage I had just left on the bed. I got up and took Arlene into the shower to bath. I had her sit down on the seat in the shower and I gently and sensuously washed her.

"You are the most incredible lover," She whispered as I cleaned her. She was still weak-kneed from the doggy exercise. 

We got out of the shower and I gently dried her off. She embraced me and our open mouths again met. There was far greater passion than there was the first time we kissed.

Penny just decided to use a wet towel to clean herself the second time around. We all hugged and kissed before we departed. 

Arlene whispered in my ear, "Bob and I wanted to know if you will visit and join our church."

""Yes baby, we will"

"We're having a new member's meeting Tuesday at 7?"

That Sunday, we visited the church. Bob hugged Penny in the door as we were leaving. I swore he groped her ass when no body was looking.

Arlene took my hand as I was going to the bathroom and swung me into the Church Library. She embraced me and our open mouths swapped tongues. It ended just as quickly.

That Tuesday night, we got to the church about 6:45. Bob said that he wanted Penny and I to fill out a couple of forms in the library. We walked in with Bob and Arlene was already there. Bob closed and locked the door. Arlene grabbed my belt buckle and pulled my dick out and started sucking on it. Penny immediately took the cue and did the same to Bob. Bob and I were leaning back on the Library conference table groaning.

We both came about the same time in the mouths of our lovers. They had our cocks in their mouths up to the balls and they swallowed every ounce of cum. Then they licked us clean.

We went into the new member's meeting relaxed and Bob and Arlene introduced us to the crowd. They were a little confused since they hadn't really seen us before but the Pastors knew us very well.

The following Sunday we went and Penny was sitting with Rick and Renee. Again I went to the head prior to the service. Arlene who was dressed in her street clothes saw me and motioned me into the assistant pastor's office. She was wearing a black and white dress with opaque white hose and white two inch heels.

"I was hoping to see you here," She chirped, "I need to get ready and would like to tell you something private."

I walked in and she closed the door behind me. She walked over to the closet and then proceeded to strip naked except for her thigh high white hose and shoes. I was flabbergasted. There was only 20 minutes to the service.

She sat on the desk, spread her legs exposing her wet pussy, "Fuck me!"

Without a word, I dropped and stepped out of my pants. My dick was hurting me it was so hard. I went up to her. I stuck my tongue down her throat, she sucked on it hard. I grabbed and squeezed her tit hard. I rammed my cock into her pussy. She wrapped her legs around me as her shoes fell off. We were fucking harder and harder. I know you could hear the slapping flesh through the door. We both had silent orgasms but mine blew a whole lot of hot cum into her cunt.

Satisfied, at least temporarily, she hung her clothes up in the closet and put the robe over her naked body. All you could see were her feet. She did put her shoes back on.

As I was getting dressed, She smiled at me and said, "I want to feel my lover's cum dribbling down my leg, It's so hot and wonderful. Bob and I would like to see you and Penny in the Library after the service."

I told Penny what had happened when I got back to the pew, She smirked and giggled, "I guess we're both going to get fucked after church."

I could tell when cum was sliding down Arlene's leg, She would make little body movements to direct it's motion. Not to mention she smiled at me, whenever she felt a drip cascading down her thigh.

She gave the sermon that day. It was about the need to treat the oppressed with dignity, respect and love and she talked about the empowerment of women. 

After the service and they shook a lot of hands, Bob and Arlene took us into the Library and fucked our brains out. I had taken a Viagra (50 mg) before I got back to the pew. I was ready after Church and I really dicked Arlene hard and came in her twice. She loved every drop.

Independent of Bob, from then on when I went to Church on Sunday, Arlene and I would fuck either before or after the service and sometimes both times. After I joined she never wore any clothes under her robe, Her pussy was always ready. As a last comment, we continued our monthly meetings with our favorite pastors to freely exchange our ideas and cum for an extended periods of time.