 "What's got you so pissed off, Jack?" asked Alan, "You've been trying to beat the golf ball like it's a politician's head." 

"That obvious, huh?" I mumbled "I hate this game almost as much as I sometimes hate my wife." I quickly added, "If you repeat that, I'll deny it."

Rick spoke up and asked, "What's she done now, scratch the car?"

We were all sitting around a table in the bar at the 19th hole having our after round libations. The other guys , Alan, Rick and Jim were enjoying their pints of beer while I was drinking soda water, lousy gout. We were all about 60 except for Jim who was the baby of the group at 44. Alan and Rick and their wives, Carol and Renee, were friends of me and my wife, Penny. Jim was a divorce who we had met through a tennis group. 

I said, "No, since she has entered that weight watching group she has been an incredible asshole." 

Jim remarked, "Well, the common wisdom is that losing weight causes irritability."

"Well, Jim" I said "She has gone over the dam with that crap." "I can't even get a hard-on anymore since she started this nonsense." Our sex life had been dwindling for a long time as would most any couple who had been married for 35 years. She had seemingly lost interest but I still had needs. Jim didn't understand this but Alan and Rick knew all about it. 

"Ah, crap! I've got to go. The shrew will make my life a living hell if I don't get home to walk the dog and fix dinner before she goes to yoga" I whined.

All three yelled "Henpecked" in unison. A few expletives followed and we walked out to our cars and went home.

A few days went by and I was out walking the dog early in the morning and ran into Alan and Carol. They always seemed to be lively and fun and touchy feely (sexy) sort of way. We stopped to talk and exchanged our good mornings. Carol then said something unexpected, "Alan tells me you and Penny are suffering from a case of Senioritis." Alan yelled "Carol!" I looked at her and chuckled, "Yeah, I guess."

"I think I can help put more zip into your life," She exclaimed.

Carol was a real dynamo. She was about 5ft 1" and had a unusual body shape. She was just a shade chunky but had massive tits that if they weren't held up by her bra would droop down to her navel. Her abdomen was slightly rounded with smallish hips. Her legs were really muscled and defined from her thighs down to her ankles. Her hair was grey and cut short. Her nose was slightly large for her face but she had this killer smile that could disarm an army. She also was wickedly funny and intelligent.

She was beaming at me with that devilish grin.

Again I chuckled, "How?" 

She retorted, "You just leave that to me. She likes Scrabble and Mexican Train Dominoes, Right?" 

Since she had played those games extensively with Carol and Renee, I said "You know she does." Alright, I'll let you know how things are coming along in a few weeks."

I completely forgot about it and several weeks passed. One day, Jim, Alan, Rick and I were out playing golf. I was riding in a cart with Alan and he asked, "How is Penny?" 

I frowned, "She is driving me nuts. I can't do anything right and I can't get any." 

Alan whispered, "Carol is about ready to make the major move in her plan." 

I looked at him "What?" 

Alan said, "We need to know if you mind her having sex with another man?" 

"Are you out of your mind?" I loudly replied, "She doesn't have sex with anyone, including me." 

Alan said, "Come on, seriously, would you mind?"

I shook my head and said, " If she did, at least someone would be having fun." dismissing his comment as something that would never happen.

About two weeks later, Penny came home from Mexican Train Dominos and was acting a bit odd. It was as if she was stoned. Neither one of us used drugs and I barely drank and when Penny drank she got mean. However, in this case she was acting sweet and playful. She hugged and kissed me and we talked awhile. She told me she was really tired and needed to take a nap. So off she went and closed the door. 

Penny was a tall woman with C breasts and very very long legs. Again, with someone in their sixties, her breasts were showing the effects of gravity. Short white hair, a few wrinkles but a few years ago she was drop dead gorgeous albeit a little weird in her behavior. She was a couple years older than myself and had had at least two engagements that were broken off. She had quite the potty mouth and talked about sex like she was the latest incarnation of Madame X but in reality was a prude in the flesh. Don't get me wrong, we had several hot sex sessions in 35 years (involving oral sex and unusual positions) but She had this overriding compunction to control everything and she abhorred losing control during sex. So after some great success with oral sex she decided no more. We did have two lovely and successful children who were both married and had two grandchildren. Our sex life was pretty much boring and listless.

Anyway, getting back to the story. After about 2 hours, I got a call from Alan. 

He said, "Meet me in the park, I have something for you." Fifteen minutes later, he handed me a DVD and said, "Play this when you are alone, totally alone. No Penny in the house, Understand? After you watch call me or Carol and we will set up a place and time to talk."

I nodded. The next day Penny went to exercise and I loaded the DVD. I couldn't believe what I saw. Penny, Renee and Carol were laughing playing Dominoes and eating brownies and drinking coffee. After awhile the conversation started getting a little raunchy The women, acting a little loopy, started talking about certain guys being eye candy.

Carol said, "Ya know, I wouldn't mind seeing Jim's cock. Alan says he heard some women at work talking about how big he was and that he fucked like a stallion." 

I heard Penny say, "He is goooood looookin" Mmmm Mmm!" 

Carol laughingly said, "Penny, Come on, you'd fuck him in a minute, if he came on to you."

I could see Penny blush. 

Renee piped in, "I'd fuck him in a flash." 

Penny laughingly said, "Come on Ladies, let's play."

Renee continued, "Come on, Penny, You know you would screw him." 

Penny said, "He hasn't come on to me and I'm old and have been married for 35 years. My sex life has flown."

"That's total shit," Carol said, "You're pretty and you're as young as you feel. You have experience that would put a young slut to shame."

"Penny quit selling yourself short," Renee agreed, " In addition, to your husband, I bet there are plenty of men that would gladly fuck your brains out." Renee started laughing and Carol and Penny joined in.

The conversation then shifted back to more mundane subjects. I saw the ladies consume a couple of more brownies and the drink of choice changed over to white wine. The women were acting silly now, There was definitely something in the brownies. 

Out of nowhere, Penny said, "That Jim is good looking, I do wonder what his dick looks like?"

Carol, equally high, said "Well let's find out. Jim come out come out where ever your are."

Jim, from our golf foursome came walking into the camera view wearing nothing but skimpy nylon jockeys. He was 6' 2", had longish dark brown hair with ample hair on his chest. His abdomen was flat and was well-muscled. He looked similar to Sean Connery circa 1962. 

Renee was giggling, Penny's mouth dropped to the floor. 

Carol said "Hey Jim, Can I look at your cock?" 

He walked over to Carol, who slipped her wine and pulled Jim's cock out of his panties. Jim was initially soft but started hardening up. Carol started licking his big dick head and Jim went fully erect. 

"Hey I want a piece of that, Renee slid over and started licking Jim's head but she went further and put her mouth all round the cock and started moving up and down. Jim was obviously enjoying the attention. Penny, however was blushing but she was also giggling which clearly indicated she was not repulsed and was looking interested.

"Penny you want a closer look?" Renee asked.

Jim was a full 8 inches and really thick. Penny didn't say anything. She was wide-eyed and giggling. Jim went over to her and put his cock right in front of her face. 

Carol said, "Come on Penny take it in your hand and take a lick. It's delicious and much better than the brownies." 

Penny reluctantly took Jim's cock in her hand and licked it a couple of times like a lolly pop. She stopped.

Renee kept egging her on, "Penny, come on, you want more."

Carol laughed "Yeah, Penny don't be chicken. Lick him, make him moan."

Penny started complying. I started getting hard watching this. 

Carol said, "Take all of his cock in your mouth." Penny did and started moving up and down. Jim was facing the ceiling knees buckling.

Carol whispered in Penny's ear, "Do you feel the cock pulsating and veins throbbing?" 

Penny nodded slightly while sucking on Jim's cock. Meanwhile, Carol and Renee started removing their clothes and Renee started sucking on Carol's huge tits. 

Jim recovered enough to start fondling Penny's tits. Penny was starting to get really hot. With clothes flying off, Jim started removing Penny's clothes and soon everyone was naked. Carol had her face buried in Renee's muff and Renee was moaning and groaning loudly.

Renee was about 5'11" and thin. She had small tits - size B - with large nipples. Her belly was flat and she had the most perfect legs. Her pussy lips were pronounced and her muff was bountiful. Her lips were full and she was getting close to orgasm. 

Penny, high on the brownies, wine and two women loudly loving each other, was in no position to resist Jim. He was biting her ears and neck. I started smiling, I need to check her for hickeys. 

He soon moved to her tits. She was laying on the sofa now. Jim was alternately sucking and biting her nipples. Penny's back was arched and she was trying to stuff her entire tit into Jim's mouth. Penny ordinarily was silent during sex but she was moaning and talking softly. 

Carol had started sucking on Renee's tits while vigorously fingering her pussy. Renee started cumming and cumming and cumming. She was screaming so loud that you probably could have heard it three blocks away.

I heard Penny say breathlessly, "Fuck me." 

Jim wasn't ready yet, He went down on Penny's cunt and started eating her out. I couldn't see what was happening except that Penny was in ecstasy. 

She kept saying, "Fuck me, Fuck me,"

Jim finally stood up and positioned Penny's hips and slowly moved his cock past her pussy lips, She gasped for air since it was so big. Meanwhile Renee was returning the favor to Carol and Carol was laughing and moaning at the same time. 

When Jim started thrusting slowly and rhythmically. Penny wrapped her legs around his ass, grabbed same ass and held on tight. She was out of her mind. 

Carol in the midst of her own carnal shenanigans saw what was happening and said. "Fuck her hard, Jim. She needs a good fucking. Hey Penny where do you want to him to cum?" 

I couldn't believe my ears when Penny said, " A real man always cums in a woman's pussy." 

Jim was now fucking so hard that you could see the full length of his cock from his tip to his balls feverishly pounding Penny's pussy. A few more thrusts and I could see whoever was holding the camera close behind Jim's cock and Penny's pussy. It was a real close-up.His cock was in up to his balls and you could see his balls contracting and throbbing hard. He was shooting huge ropes of cum into my wife's pussy. I counted 10 hard contractions. Then the camera went dark.

I was leaking inside my pants and I had to go relieve myself in the bathroom. After I calmed down I called Alan.

"Jesus, Was that my wife? Who was the camera man?"

He said, "I was. Renee and Carol had planned on me doing that."

I said "Say What?" 

He said that Carol had been planning this "orgy" for weeks. The board games were designed for socializing and learning about Penny, her hang-ups and fantasies.

Alan said "At some point, Carol started putting small amounts of pot into the brownies and gradually increased the amount over time."

He told me that they were really high during the filming which explained her behavior when she came home. 

Alan said, "Carol is having another sex game session in a week Wednesday at 10am. I want you to ready to drop in at Noon." 

I countered, "Penny committed to this during the last session?" 

Jim said, "No, she committed yesterday while stone sober."

"Good Lord" I stammered not able to get anything else out.

Jim then added, "If you don't have any Viagra, go to the doc and get some, you're gonna need it."