 Steve and I had a few stiff drinks in a nearby bar after the session in the sex cinema, I did my best to freshen up between my legs in an extremely basic ladies' room, then Steve broke it to me that he had told the man who had got a blow job from me half an hour previously to meet us in the next bar along the street. If I didn't want to, fine, we could just enjoy ourselves back at the hotel – but maybe we could play with him? Please? Pretty please?

I thought about it briefly. I always wavered between exasperation at Steve's determination to have other men use me, and sheer horny delirium at the prospect of another adventure, and another chance to use my wiles on a poor man. But we were off our faces and so, naturally, it seemed like a great idea. We staggered down the cobbled street to the next bar and found our dirty friend leaning against the bar. Boy, his face lit up when we walked in. He introduced himself as Hans – he was German – and he shook both our hands, and said thank you to me for his earlier release, which was nice of him.

He bought us both a drink and we sat down at a table and he began pumping us with questions. He was obviously delighted to have found a couple like us – we were mid-20s, good looking, good figures and he had only ever seen fat middle-aged German people putting out to strangers. He spent a lot of time looking at me. I tried to look detached, but it was kind of difficult with the knowledge that the inside of my top was glued firmly to my chest by wads of his cum. He asked what else we would like to do tonight. He knew a bar where we could have some fun. What kind of bar, we wondered. As he described it I knew there was no chance of resisting. Steve was already counting out some currency for a tip for the waitress. Hans grabbed his coat, Steve grabbed me. Off we went.

A short cab ride later and we were there. Hans kindly paid for us to enter and, down some stairs, a fairly cavernous bar opened out before us. It was male-dominated in terms of clientele, reflected by the suspiciously long queue for the men's bathroom, but there were some women. We sat and got a drink, though the guys were obviously wanting to cut to the chase. Hans had not been here before, but he had heard great things about it and had always meant to try it out. And here he was with us. And what a place it was... 

The bar specialised in glory holes - openings in a wall to facilitate anonymous blow jobs, hand jobs or full sex. The entrances for the men's and women's bathrooms were at opposite ends of the long, crescent-shaped bar. And the exits were similarly at opposite ends, hence the women's exit was right by the men's entrance and vice versa, so as to ensure you did not know who had entered at the same time as you. Cute. We observed for a while, and most women who went into the ladies' room entrance took their partner with them, though there were also a few groups of girls on hen nights looking for some x-rated fun.

After a bit more Dutch courage, the three of us went through the ladies' door. There was no queue at this end of the premises and, after walking round a slight bend, there were a series of cubicles facing the right-hand wall, maybe 12 in all, centred on a large circular wash-basin decorated with elaborate mirrors halfway down. As we walked past closed doors we heard the occasional groan, and further down a man's shout as – presumably – he came into some nameless, faceless, shameless woman's mouth. We walked past two open doors and inside each cubicle there were hard cocks poking through a hole against the far wall, just above a basic toilet with its cover down. "Great! You can pee and suck at the same time," I giggled to myself.

The men's bathroom was obviously the same shape and format as the ladies but further back in the building, behind the thin, curved wall. Steve asked if we should go into the second empty cubicle we encountered but I said I wanted to explore a little more. An 'older' couple came staggering out of a cubicle further down, giggling and playing something back on a hand-held camcorder. We scampered up and peered round the corner just in time to see a cum-smeared cock withdraw through the hole. A toilet flushed on the other side, a door unlocked and creaked open. Voices. Then the gents' door shut again. Hans and Steve nudged me inside and closed the door behind us.

We stood and waited, watching the hole before us with baited breath. Steve drew some tissue paper from the dispenser and wiped the stray cum away from the rim of the hole then lifted the toilet lid and tossed it inside. The sound of the lid closing may have prompted the movement on the other side but, in any case, a cock slid through. Bingo – a nice smooth hard black cock that just kept appearing more and more.

He was already nice and hard – maybe he had been teasing himself on the other side to get ready, maybe he had peeked through and seen my body – and at least 9 inches long. The walls didn't seem to be that thick for obvious reasons, maybe two pieces of plasterboard, and it was easy to hear noises on the other side. The guy gyrated, his cock moving about the room in an odd fashion, and he said something in Dutch. Steve and Hans were both looking at me, waiting.

I knelt, initially, on the toilet seat, placing my left hand on a small ledge on the wall and reaching out to run the fingers of my right hand along the cock in front of my face. A deep, maybe exaggerated, groan came from beyond the wall as my fingers stroked and scratched the dick, and then some more Dutch. I took a firmer grip and stroked a few times before settling the hand against the hole in the wall and squeezing around the base of the cock. I flicked my tongue lightly over the tip, focusing on his tiny slit. More noises from over there, silent entrancement over here.

I kissed down the shaft, as sensually as I could in the circumstances, then licked all the way back up. My 'customer' was groaning in all the right places as I teased with my tongue and teeth, doing my usual of building up to a momentous introduction of the mouth. There was no way I was going to be able to take even half of it in, but I would have fun playing with it. 

When I finally closed my mouth over the engorged end, I began to stroke up and down on the lower half. I sucked hard and jerked firmly, occasionally taking the dick from my mouth to roll it over my face, letting him feel the contours of me, my nose, my chin. I put it in my hair as I jacked him, I held the end in my eye as my tongue tickled underneath. He seemed to like that. And he wasn't the only one. Hans had his dick out and was openly jacking off as he watched me, fixated. Steve was just staring, trying to concentrate on recording the memory.

My knees were beginning to hurt so I switched to sitting on the toilet seat, straddling it and facing the wall, and upped the tempo with my hand and increased the pressure with my mouth. The garbled Dutch from the cock's owner became gradually more frantic and his groaning got louder. Hans shot a load on to his nice black shirt, the black guy shot into my mouth. I pulled him out as the first blast caught in my throat. I coughed and spat it out, the second shot streaking across my hair, the third hitting the flesh showing on my upper chest, the fourth taking a lower trajectory and landing nicely between my legs on the toilet cover as my hand slowed the stroking and squeezing to a natural stop. The moans were long and loud from my customer, I was just mesmerised by the sight before me. A solid black cock in my hand with cum dripping from the end and landing right between my opened thighs while guys to either side of me were seeing to themselves.

But it was fun. We exited, and I spent a while trying to sort out my hair while the boys went out and ordered some more drinks. When I was relatively happy I sauntered out into the busy bar – naturally checking out the black guys to try and guess which one had enjoyed me – and found Steve and Hans deep in discussion in corner. A floor show had started, and not a very good one. Four girls in bikinis, and incredibly drunk, were dancing at tables. Every now and then one would climb on to a raised platform in the middle and dance for the whole bar. I had been to lap-dancing clubs before and this was pretty unimpressive. Hans informed us that they would also be in the toilet cubicles now and then when the owners thought the female count too low. Yuk!

Steve leant over with a smile on his face. He pointed out that the dancing girls had dragged most of the guys who had been in the queue for the toilet 'facilities' back into the bar. The line was only two deep now! 

"Go on then," I smiled. 

"Thanks. I'll tell you all about it." He gave me a peck on the cheek and off he skipped.

I sipped at my beer, still scanning the crowd to work out who I had sucked off in there. Hans leant over.

"You know you could go back in there and maybe give Steve a surprise. Only he won't know it is you, no?"

It was brilliant. I told him so with a big grin. He turned to the men's room entrance, Steve had only just edged through the door. Hans said: "I'm thinking once he's in there he will have to wait outside a cubicle too. If you give it a few minutes then go over there, but it will be tricky to get to the right one, no?"

"It's worth a go! What about you? You going to come and watch too or stay here with these sluts?" I winked at him.

"I'm glad you asked me," he smiled.

I downed my beer. "Come on then!"

I led Hans by the hand through the crowd gathered around the drunken dancers, who had now switched to putting on a very effected girl-on-girl routine. We entered just behind three of Scottish girls from one of the hen nights. Oh great, I thought, I could do without that competition. There were plenty of free cubicles as before, with a dick in each. The ones I saw were not Steve's so we passed them by. The three Scottish girls went into one cubicle together carrying a Polaroid camera – it was someone's lucky day.

A few other couples wandered in as we waited by the central wash-basin. Any women in the place were obviously bored to tears by the show outside and thought it a good time to try in here. I spontaneously gave Hans a kiss, pulling his head down to mine, my tongue immediately searching into his mouth. He seemed surprised, but he responded and his hands moved to my waist and pulled me close. I could feel he was rock-hard still. I pushed back and looked down at the swelling in his jeans.

He followed my gaze and laughed. "I have taken a few pills tonight," he smiled. "As soon as you two agreed to come out with me, I thought I would leave nothing to chance. I want as much fun as possible."

"Oh, well, OK," I said, unsure of what to say.

"Steve has had one too, just now in the bar."

"The little monkey," I giggled. We'd soon see how hard he could get.

There was a good five-minute gap before any new doors reopened on our side. Three other couples loitered near us, also waiting, listening to the slurps, the bangs, the groans. The open door down by the entrance obviously contained some sort of hideous cock which no one wanted to touch. I occasionally grabbed Hans' cock through his jeans and gave it a squeeze, giggling as he put on a mock groan each time. One of the other women was watching this, she seemed quite taken with Hans.

Two toilets flushed nearby in quick succession, then two doors opened. A flustered old-ish woman came out of one, a young couple out of the other. Hans and I had been stood there first so the other couples held back, waiting for us to choose a door. I skipped between the two, waiting for a new cock to appear. After a few seconds, a long thin penis poked through the door on the left. Not my Steve. 

"OK, someone else can go there if they want," I said pointing to it. One of the couples entered. Then a familiar piece of flesh slid through the second hole. I started giggling and grabbed Hans, rushing in through the door.

The woman behind us said something in German and Hans turned, replying. He whispered behind me: "She said can they come and watch, they've never done anything like this before."

I tutted. "OK but explain the situation to them quickly, we can't have any noise that will give us away!"

I went and sat on the toilet seat. Somewhere down the row the Scottish girls were screaming in delight – at least I hope it was delight – as Hans ushered the couple in and whispered tersely and quickly to them. The door closed, I kissed Steve on the end of his dick.

Hans stood to my right again, the woman next to him. It was the same woman who had been watching me massage his crotch earlier. She was maybe early 50s but in good shape, her husband a little less so but OK for his age. He was stood to my left and shuffled right along to lean against the back wall to get the best view.

I began licking the dick, around the end, along the shaft to the base, along the top – and all the time I tried to leave as much saliva on it as I could. I had decided to use my mouth only – one of the things Steve complained about when he'd had a few too many drinks was my over-use of hands in a blow job, so I was going to try to give a dream service. I placed my palms flat on the wall and closed my mouth over his cock, sucking gently at first, building the pressure a few notches before releasing it and using my mouth to explore the rest of the shaft. Then I returned to the head, wrapping my lips around it and slowly taking it into my mouth, increasing the sucking pressure slightly more than before, holding for a few seconds, then going back to the shaft. This time I dragged my upper teeth along his dick and it twitched upwards in response. I was, of course, getting really wet in the knowledge that he thought a stranger was doing this to him.

When I returned to the top of his cock this time I began mouth-fucking him. I had my tongue slightly stuck out, extra slippery, as I slid him inside further than before. The tongue slid against the underside while my teeth scraped gently on the upper side as his cock poked at the back of my mouth. I thought I heard him groan. I tried to curb the slurping noises and strained to listen through the wall - but all I could hear this time was Hans' zipper being undone and his trousers fall to the floor. His new peroxide blonde friend sank to her knees to my right and began playing with his perpetual hard-on. 

As she got busy, I returned my attentions to my husband's tool and quickened the pace of my mouth's movements. I was having to concentrate hard on keeping it to pure sucking as a few times my hand would wander to hold the base of the cock at the opening in the wall. After a few seconds I would realise and had to force myself to remove it, back to its position to the side. Every now and then I would give my mouth a quick break by kissing biting and licking along the shaft for a few seconds before returning my lips to the end and sliding him into me again. Each time I was on shaft duty I would glance sideways to see what my companions were doing. The guy to my left seemed to be flicking attention from me to his wife beyond me, not knowing which show to watch, while she was bobbing up and down on Hans' cock while my German companion's eyes seemed to be fixed on me sucking off Steve.

I built the pace of my own bobbing until I didn't think it would go any quicker. I was sucking quite hard in between times and knew Steve wouldn't be far away. To top it all off I was going to swallow, something I hardly ever did – much to his dismay, naturally – but I figured it was another way to disguise myself. I had subconsciously edged closer to the wall, legs wider apart as I straddled the toilet seat, skirt riding further up my thighs. My own wetness, it turned out, was smeared on the toilet cover from my pussy rocking against it, my panties absent, lying somewhere in the darkness of the sex cinema from earlier.

I heard a few groans from Steve and then a familiar cry and then - bam. The first bolt hit the back of my throat. I focused on breathing through my nose and let the cum fill up in the back of my mouth. By the fifth shot the discharge was quite small and I made an exaggerated swallow, with his cock still mostly in my mouth, hoping that he would feel the muscle movement and know the slut on the other side of the wall had just taken all of his spunk down her throat. I tightened my mouth around his cock a little more and gave a few more light sucks, squeezing out any remaining drops of seed that hadn't quite made the initial release. Then I slowly drew myself off him, letting my lips drag along his slimy dick and kissing the end when he was out. 

I glanced at Hans, he smiled back, the blonde hair still bobbing at his crotch. On my other side her husband was watching, his hands deep in pockets and fidgeting with himself. Steve's cock withdrew from sight and I jumped up to move from the hole in case he peered through. As I stood against the wall with the German to my left, wiping my mouth with my wrist, I noticed the smear I had left on the toilet lid, only then remembering I was 'sans panties'. A little embarrassed, I gave a quick wave to Hans to let him know I was racing back to the table to beat Steve. He nodded and I unlocked the door, skipping down the corridor and back into the bar, weaving my way past the re-grown queue for the men's room and landing at our table just a few seconds before Steve.

I took a swig of his beer to freshen up my mouth.

"Have fun darling?" I asked.

"It was OK, not bad at all," he leant over and kissed me on the cheek. "Ranks so much...think we should head back to the hotel and play?" I nodded and smiled, hot inside knowing what I knew – knowing what he didn't.

"Where's Hansi?" he looked around.

"He went to get some with a German couple I think," I replied.

"Let's wait for him," Steve winked.

"OK." I tried to sound non-committal, but I was really up for it. As it was, it turned out to be a super idea... for me if not for Steve.