 It was only about half-an-hour after the most recent orgasm, which would have been Michelle's, when Kay announced that she was going to need a ride home. Jim, Rob and Beth all looked at me, knowing that I had driven, but I would have volunteered anyway; I wasn't about to turn down an opportunity to be alone with Kay. It turns out that Beth hadn't wanted a bunch of cars at her house so it wouldn't look like a party, so Michelle had picked everyone up, then parked her car at her parents' house around the corner. I guessed everyone still lived with their parents since we were all in college, but apparently Kay's still saddled her with a curfew. The things we put up with to avoid paying rent.

We both started getting redressed while everyone else still sat around naked and drinking. I wasn't too worried about missing out on anything while I was gone, especially since I was hoping at least something would happen with Kay. Since she'd already had my cock in her mouth and swallowed my load and I had eaten her to an orgasm, I couldn't imagine why that would be unreasonable. I followed Kay up the basement stairs, staring at her ass and still surprised that under her conservative attire there lurked a bona fide sex goddess. We got in my car and she told me where she lived but asked if I wouldn't mind stopping somewhere briefly before I dropped her off, her hand dropping onto my thigh. I asked if she wasn't concerned about not making her curfew and she replied that she actually had plenty of time and that she might have intentionally been a little misleading about why she was ready to leave Beth's house.

She directed me to a secluded road not very far from her house and I pulled over in a shadowy spot where we weren't likely to be hassled. We climbed into the backseat and started peeling each other's clothes off while occasionally making out. As I fondled her exposed tits, I told her that she shouldn't smother them in such a restrictive bra; she should consider some sexy lingerie that wouldn't hide the gifts that God had given her. She seemed touched by this, and not just in the sense that my hands were touching her gifts and I soon lowered my head so that my lips and tongue were also touching those gifts. We started working each other's pants off but soon had to switch and each take care of our own. Once we were both completely naked again, I sat in the middle of the backseat. She took the condom I'd retrieved from my wallet and, after rolling it over my stiff shaft, straddled me. She lowered herself down, guiding my cock to her pussy while I went back to fondling her luscious tits again.

I groaned and told Kay how great her pussy felt as it slid down to fully engulf my shaft; she was very snug, but very hot and slippery. As she started riding me, I moved my hands down from her tits to her waist, feeling the smooth skin of her hips. My attention was still focused on her bouncing tits as she moved up and down on my cock but, even through the condom, I was appreciating the incredible feeling of her pussy. She was moaning softly as she rode me, not moving slow and sensuously, but fucking me hard and fast. I was pushing up into her as she came down while simultaneously pulling down on her hips, her ass smacking against my upper thighs. We were hot and sweaty pretty quickly and the windows were pretty well fogged over as we both pursued orgasms.

Since I had already cum twice that night, I wasn't too worried about cumming too quickly. On the other hand, since she was pretty well worked up and had one orgasm already under her belt, Kay was getting to her second one pretty quickly. Though I could hardly imagine it possible, her pussy seemed to be getting even more engorged as we fucked so it didn't surprise me when she let out a cry and started to shudder. She slowed down briefly as she came, but quickly went right back to riding me hard and fast. Had we been somewhere other than my car, I might have suggested a change of position, but this realistically was probably the most comfortable we could be. Besides, I could feel my orgasm beginning to well up slowly, so why not just sit back and enjoy the ride?

I went back to fondling Kay's bouncing tits again, feeling the thin sheen of sweat that was beginning to cover her body. I was still pushing up into her, fully embedding my shaft into her hot, sweet pussy while also enjoying her soft, fleshy globes. My cock was swelling as my orgasm gradually built, a pleasurable sensation beginning to focus in my balls and the base of my shaft. Kay's breathing was becoming labored again as she continued to ride me hard and fast, my swelling shaft apparently providing her additional pleasure. As my orgasm grew even closer, I began to moan in anticipation, murmuring about how awesome Kay was. Her heavy breathing turned into moaning as well and the car was soon filled with the slurping sounds of her juicy pussy, the smack of her ass against my thighs and our moans of pleasure.

Finally, our bodies practically a blur, I pushed deeply into her and began to spew, crying out at the pure pleasure I was experiencing. Almost immediately, Kay let out a cry as well and began to shudder again. We rode out our third orgasms of the night together, not stopping until we were both completely spent. She collapsed against me and moved just enough to allow my shrinking cock to slip out of her so there wouldn't be a concern about the condom leaking. Holding our sweaty bodies close together, we caught our breath before needing to get the windows open. It was actually easier, and cooler, to step out of the car to redress, so it is a good thing that we were on a sparsely traveled road. It was too dark to admire her nude figure before she covered it again, but I had a strong suspicion that I would be seeing her naked again very soon.

We got back in the car and headed to her house, where I walked her to her front door. I asked her to make sure that she called me when she was ready to go lingerie shopping and she promised that she would. We made out a little bit more before she went inside, then I hopped back in my car and headed back to Beth's, pondering everything I'd experienced so far that night.

I got back to Beth's and replaced the condom in my wallet with one from my bag in the trunk before using the code she had given me prior to our departure so that I could get back through her garage. I headed back downstairs and found that everyone was still naked, but it didn't appear as though anything had occurred in my absence, which made me glad I had gone and experienced what I had. I grabbed a beer and asked whether I should strip down or whether someone else going to need a ride home. I was just kidding, but April responded with, "Actually..."

We didn't have to run off right away, so I had time to drink a beer and I wasn't too concerned about it affecting my driving because it was pretty much just replacing all of the fluids I had just sweat out. I wasn't as confident about something more going on with April even though I had eaten her pussy and she had sucked my cock. I had been more excited about the prospect of being alone with Kay, but I wasn't planning to pass up any opportunity that might arise with April between Beth's house and hers.

When she was ready, we went out and jumped in my car and headed for her house. As we were turning off of Beth's street, she asked me if Kay and I had stopped somewhere on our way to her house. I confirmed that we had. She then asked if I was interested in stopping somewhere with her before dropping her off. I confirmed that I was interested. She suggested a spot that I was aware of not far from where she lived, then started undressing. I tried to keep my eyes on the road, knowing not only that I'd already seen her undress, but that there also would be plenty of time to ogle her body once we'd stopped. I couldn't resist, however, and was stealing glances over at her as she first stripped off her shirt, tossing it in the backseat, then shimmied out of her jeans. She threw those into the backseat, too, then rubbed the front of her bikini panties with her fingertips while looking at me and telling me that I was really good at eating pussy. My cock was growing very quickly by this point.

I told her that I'd enjoyed eating her pussy and reminded her I'd be happy to do it for her any time she was horny; I also told her that even if she hadn't placed first, she was an awesome cocksucker. She replied that she'd suck my cock any time I was horny, except for now because she wanted me to fuck her. Her bra and panties were quickly in the backseat with the rest of her clothes, so it was a good thing we were just about to our destination. I parked the car as April slid her seat all the way back and reclined it as far as it would go. I slid my seat back all the way, too, to make it easier to undress and was soon slipping out of my briefs while she unwrapped the condom. I rolled the condom on and moved over on top of her, guiding my stiff cock into her hot pussy while she pulled my head toward hers and slipped her tongue into my mouth.

She wasn't as snug as Kay had been, but her pussy was so hot and wet that she was obviously very turned on. I started slowly sliding my cock in and out of her, but she pulled her mouth from mine and told me to fuck her hard. Her legs were up in the air and spread apart as wide as she could manage in the car so I started thrusting hard and fast while she buried her face in my neck, whimpering with each thrust. I'd had the sense to crack the windows before shutting the car off, so there was at least a little cool air hitting us as we began to work up a sweat. As worked up as April was, it wasn't long before she went from whimpering to moaning with each thrust as she braced her feet and raised her ass off the seat to meet each incoming one. She had both hands on my ass, pulling me into her as she pushed her pussy upwards. Finally, she pulled me in and held me there as I felt an exaggerated shiver passing through her.

When she released her grip on me, I got up off her and had her turn over onto her knees. She laid her face against the headrest and presented her succulent ass to me. I knelt between her legs and guided my throbbing tool back into her from behind then leaned forward to fondle her dangling breasts while thrusting in and out of her again. She was pushing back against me and, in this position, I could feel another orgasm beginning to well up. Wondering if she was hot enough to get there again, too, I reached one hand back between her thighs and stroked her clit as I fucked her. She started moaning again, which was a good sign, and pushed back harder against me as I fucked her. My orgasm built surprisingly slowly, but I was feeling immense amounts of pleasure thanks to April's hot pussy. I could feel my cock beginning to swell with my impending orgasm but before I came, I heard April cry out again and her pussy suddenly felt even hotter and wetter. It only took me a few more thrusts after that before I was cumming, though I would have loved to have fucked her pussy for hours longer.

Completely spent, I flopped back into the driver's seat as April flipped over onto her back. I opened the door and flung the condom out, then turned to look at April. She told me that I was really good at fucking, too, and that she didn't currently have anyone in her life for NSA sex so would I be interested? I told her absolutely, that any time she wanted to get fucked or have her pussy eaten, I wanted to be the first person she thought of. We made out a little bit more, then got dressed again so that I could drive her the rest of the way home. I walked her up to her front door as I had Kay and we made out just briefly before she went inside. Driving back to Beth's house, I had even more to think about and a shorter trip; my head was practically spinning and I wondered what else the night had in store for me.

Beth was waiting in the doorway between the garage and the kitchen, still naked and totally hot, when I arrived back at her house. She said that Jim and Rob had asked for me to bring their stuff in from my car because they were planning to stay over. She invited me to stay over, too, if I wanted. I did, so I grabbed all three of our bags from the trunk, then joined Beth in the kitchen. She thanked me for driving her friends home and gave me a really nice, wet kiss before telling me that she was going to make sure that I was rewarded for it. I wasn't sure what she could do that could top the rewards Kay and April had already given me, but I was certainly up for finding out. We headed back down to the basement and I grabbed another beer.

Before sitting down, I asked if anyone else was going to need a ride home. The responses were all "No," but I was also told that I was wearing too much and needed to lose my clothes. I noticed that Michelle had Jim's semi-rigid tool in her hand and was gently stroking it. Likewise, Rob's fingers were apparently busy between Tara's thighs. My cock tried to respond, but was understandably exhausted. I must have hesitated too long because Beth started helping me out of my shirt. Standing behind me as I faced the couch, she tossed my shirt aside and I held my arms out so that she could reach around from behind me to unfasten my jeans. Her breasts were pressing against my bare back making my cock want to grow, though it was still struggling. With my jeans opened, she slipped her hands inside and rubbed my cock through my underwear, then slipped her hands in there as well.

She fondled and caressed my cock and balls, finally getting my cock to at least semi-rigidity, then began to work my jeans down. She helped me step out of my jeans, then stood back up and slowly worked my briefs down until my cock popped out. I noticed that neither Jim nor Rob was watching, but Michelle and Tara were both attentive. Beth took my cock in her hand and gently stroked it, bringing it even closer to full rigidity. We all looked over at Tara as she suddenly gasped and realized that she was cumming under the stimulation of Rob's fingers. I wondered whether seeing me undressing had anything to do with it as Beth cupped my balls while still stroking my cock. She paused only to make sure my underwear hit my ankles then, standing behind me while fondling my cock again, whispered in my ear an inquiry about whether any of us had brought condoms. When I turned my head to respond that we probably all had, I found her tongue in my mouth.

Once she'd allowed me to actually respond, we both turned our attention to the bags on the floor. She got the last two condoms from my bag and I scavenged another from either Jim's or Rob's bag, then she gave one each to Michelle and Tara. She took the one I had and had me sit on the couch where I'd been blown earlier that evening. I saw that each of the girls was rolling their condom onto each of the guys and I liked the direction this was going. With my cock now fully erect and wrapped in latex, Beth aimed her ass at me and lowered herself onto my lap; I held her by the hips as she guided my tool into her pussy. Once it was in position, she dropped down, fully engulfing it within her hot pussy, the third one I'd entered that night.

Looking around Beth, I saw that Michelle was similarly positioned on Jim and Tara likewise on Rob. This was something new, watching two other hotties getting fucked while fucking one myself. While this was definitely piquing my interest, I had Beth's toned ass and tanlines immediately in front of me, which also captured my attention. My gaze jumped back and forth, from watching Beth's ass bouncing up and down on my lap, over to Michelle and her nugget nipples and across to Tara's big, bouncing titties and her bush engulfing Rob's cock. My own cock was raging with not only the visual stimuli, but with the hot, slick feel of Beth's pussy sliding up and down it.

I slid my hands up from her hips to her tits, lightly caressing her hard nipples and the smooth, soft flesh. She had both hands on my knees for leverage in raising and lowering herself on my cock. Looking over at Tara and seeing her big titties bouncing up and down got me thinking that she'd had another orgasm, as had Kay and April, but Beth had only had the one when Jim had gone down on her. I wasn't really concerned that I would cum before her, but I wanted to get her as many orgasms as I could before I did finally cum. I slid one of my hands from her tit down over her flat stomach and through her furry landing strip. As she continued to ride me, I gently stroked her clit with my fingertips, eliciting an immediate reaction in the form of a passion-filled moan.

She started writhing a bit more under the stimulation of my fingers while still riding me hard as it felt like her pussy was becoming wetter and more engorged. It was no surprise that after a few minutes, she was riding out an orgasm while continuing to bounce up and down on my lap. When she'd finished cumming, she leaned back and turned her head so that we could make out again. Fucking this way wasn't that easy, so after a few minutes, I asked her if she wanted to roll to her right and lean on the armrest of the couch. I thought I might be able to remain embedded in her pussy, but it wasn't as smooth a movement as I'd hoped. Once she was kneeling on the couch with her head resting on the armrest, I positioned myself behind her and guided my cock back into her hot pussy. My hips smacked against her ass as I held her hips and pulled her back against my incoming thrusts.

I wasn't even looking over at Michelle or Tara any longer, focusing my attention completely on Beth (and her succulent ass directly before me). I slid my hands up to cup her dangling tits, my palms brushing over her hard nipples as they swung with our hard fucking. I was slamming into her pretty good, working on another orgasm for myself, but I thought I could probably get another one for her with a little more stimulation. I let one hand slide down between her legs to lightly rub her clit again and felt her immediately pushing back harder against my incoming thrusts. I heard what sounded like Michelle orgasming behind me, but didn't let it distract me from my immediate objective. With my arm wrapped around her hip and tucked between her thighs, I wasn't able to fuck her as hard and fast as I had been, but with her pushing back we had a pretty good rhythm going. I could feel my orgasm slowly building, especially as her pussy continued to get hotter and wetter.

By the time she finally came, Beth's pussy felt beyond amazing and I was on the verge of cumming myself. When I was sure that she'd finished riding out her intense orgasm, I straightened up and took her by the hips again. I was fucking her hard, my attention on the white flesh of her ass outlined by the shape of her bikini bottom. Her cheeks barely jiggled as my hips smacked into them, a testament to the muscle tone from her gymnastic background. The closer my orgasm came, the faster I was fucking her until, finally, with a moan of relief, I started spewing into the reservoir tip of my condom. I kept fucking her until I was completely spent, then turned at the sound of clapping. Everybody else was sitting there watching us as we finished up. I pulled out and sat on the couch while Beth took the condom and went to the bathroom to flush it. She started a movement, because the other two girls immediately did the same. Jim, Rob and I just sat on the couch admiring their naked bodies moving about the basement.

We sat on the couch drinking for a little while longer but, eventually, Beth asked if I wanted to see her bedroom. I'd never been invited to the bedroom of a more beautiful woman, so there was no way I would have turned down the invitation. We hadn't been in there very long before we were engaged in a 69 in the middle of her full-size bed. By the time we had both cum again, we were physically spent and soon fell asleep naked in each other's arms. I found out later that everyone else had found a bedroom to finally be alone in and, eventually, to fall asleep in.
