 Thank you all for your e-mails and comments on my recounting of how I met the Windsor Sisters -- my wives (please read the first part of what I've posted here before you read this addendum installment). You've asked so many questions in your e-mails; I'll try to answer them. Most of them deal with how we live and love together.

First off, you should know that I wrote that recounting (Part 1) on our relationship a few years ago, mostly for myself, so I wouldn't forget some of the details as time passed. I did edit it a little so we could post it now; however, these pages are my update to you on our family and my answers to most of your questions. Kim and Stacy read all my writings and contributed here and there so know that these really came from the three of us, although I wrote it in the first person. So here's our update ... 

Relationship: Kim and Stacy Windsor and me (Jim Rice) became happily married in 2001, a little less than three years after I found Kim crying beside the Charles River. I formally married Kim and then that same day we had a family ceremony where the three of us pledged our commitment to one another. We've lived together very happily since 2000 when we did a major renovation on a condominium I'd owned in Cambridge. We still live there.

Children: We happily added Ethan Windsor Rice and Paige Ellen Rice to our household in 2002; they were born about a month apart. Both are smart; healthy children and we love them dearly. They feel other children miss out by not having two mommies. Both kids love their Daddy and I'd move heaven and earth to keep them happy. We don't plan on having any other children right now, although the subject comes up every now and again.

Childcare: Our nannies, childcare center, and now the kindergarten the children go to raised their eyebrows when we registered the kids and listed two mothers as well as a father on the various forms we had to fill out. They've pretty well accepted the situation now.

Religion: No, we are not Mormons. In fact, I'm embarrassed to say I know little of their faith, including the part that allowed polygamy. The three of us are very spiritual and attend a weekly service regularly; further we are instilling a love of Nature and a Universal God in our children along with a strong moral compass. We are students of metaphysics, in particular a branch of that tree called New Thought. We've all taken to yogi and meditating and devote some time each morning to the practice.

Legal Standing: Legally I am married to Kim. Stacy does not have any legal standing in the State regarding inheritance, social security benefits, etc.; however, we fixed most of that disparity in our estate planning (see below). (One interesting suggestion someone recently made was that Kim and I adopt Stacy, thereby making her an integral member of the family; we have not looked into this just yet.)

My Business: I have been fortunate and blessed to have a successful business. The Law of Attraction has worked overtime in our favor and seems to continue to do so. My business was worth about $50 million when we recently had it evaluated; I was amazed -- I had no idea our little company had grown to have such value. I moved the company into specializing in "green" office buildings early in its life and now the world seems interested in global warming and resource shortages, so our business is growing - dramatically at 50 to 100 percent a year. Part of that growth is due to Kim and her advertising company (see below).

I had been the sole shareholder since it was founded in 1988. We recently restructured the profit sharing plans as well as the ownership of the company. I distributed shares of the company to my senior colleagues -- now my partners. I added two other partners as well -- Kim and Stacy; together the three of us hold about 70 percent of the company although that number will go down as we distribute more stock and we have more senior staff and the company grows.

Estate planning: The three of us are equal partners in a Limited Real Estate Trust that holds the deeds to our condominium as well as a vacation lodge we bought in Maine. We're also looking at buying a home on the west coast of Florida. We formed a Family Limited Partnership that holds our shares in my company as well as most of our other investment assets. These two estate-planning vehicles will let the survivors of our trio assume full ownership of the assets without having to go through probate or the court system; further, if something happens to all of us provisions have been made for our children and our extended families. 

Kim's Job: Kim continues to work for Diamond Group in Boston - a prestigious advertising and PR firm. She'd been doing computer graphics for them when we met, however, now, after several promotions; she has become the Art Director and feels her career is soaring. Her job and the closeness to our home and schools afford her the flexibility to be a career woman, mother, and superb wife. Kim was able to bring in a large account when my company decided to start using an agency and PR firm. They've been promoting our skills in "green" building design and construction and have helped us achieve our enviable growth rate.

Stacy's Art: Stacy's artistic talents are now self-supporting. The year I met her she was named Most Important Artist in Boston Metro for 1998. She's gone on and collected many other prestigious awards since then and been invited to have exhibits in New York, London, Paris, and many other key locales. Each exhibition, award, or magazine article makes her work more popular and well-known in the art community and, of course, enables her to collect a premium price when a piece of work sold. Stacy quit her job at Genetech in 2000 and opened her own gallery in Cambridge that same year. She often uses the studio space there as well as in our condo. The gallery has been a hit and has resulted in even more demand for her work, including its displays of her work on the Internet. More importantly, she loves what she is doing.

Community: We share our wealth with those less fortunate through a variety of vehicles. One of the major charities we support is the Central African Children's Foundation founded by Mer Rice -- my daughter. We've been fortunate enough to build several schools and support expanding medical care in that part of the world. After she exhibits some of her work in Rome, Stacy is traveling to Africa next month to meet up with my daughter (Stacy's step daughter) Mer, and personally see how we can help even more.

Health: We continue to be an athletic family. Even when the kids were babies, you could see the three of us jogging along the Charles River and taking turns pushing a twin stroller. I've managed to stay fit and trim even as I turned fifty. I really believe the only way I can keep up with Kim and Stacy in bed and everywhere else is because I stay fit.

Friends: In the creation of our trio marriage not one of us lost a friend. We have our personal friends that we see often. Some we see when our families get together; others are just guy friends or gal friends that we see individually. As we have become more loving and comfortable in the world, we have formed many new friendships too. All of our friends enrich our lives, and we love them and applaud their support for our unusual union.

Other Family: We remain close to all members of our family. They have all been tremendously supportive of our three-way union and have welcomed me and the women into the folds of our families. Parents, brothers, aunts, uncles, cousins, and all our in-laws have all been helpful. Everyone is curious about how we live I might add; we are open about our relationship and its ups and downs. After all, we're normal -- well, pretty normal. My brother went so far as to add a king-size bed in their guest room so we could all sleep together when we visit.

Leisure: Stacy and Kim have pulled me out of the shell I'd created for myself and gotten me into other leisure activities besides jogging. We bought a place on a lake in Maine near a ski area and frequent that on winter and summer weekends. Stacy and I have been taking scuba lessons at a nearby YWCA too; we think this skill will come in handy when we get a place in Florida and a boat of some sort. Kim says she'll stay on dry land. I might add that Stacy insists on wearing a bikini for our scuba lessons; things about come to a stop at the Y when she comes out of the locker room. I've recently gotten interested in flying too; I have my private pilot's license and have nearly completed my instrument rating. So I've got some new hobbies to attend.

And lastly, and what you've all been waiting for ...

The Intimate Side of Our Relationship: Where do I start? I went from famine to feast; I haven't masturbated since I met Kim -- my wives keep me very content. The three of us feel that we are still in the honeymoon phase, although we have the kids, and it's been almost nine years now. We make love frequently, even more than I can remember in my first marriage and I thought we were a busy couple back then.

The jealousy that I was concerned about never materialized. There is no pressure that our sex life always is a threesome, but it often is. We are very inclusive. If we are jealous of anything it is our time together as a threesome; as the children get older we have less and less spontaneous time together.

We developed a vocabulary about 'having one's bucket filled' when we need some physical or emotional support from the others. One of us will say to the others 'my bucket is getting empty' and we try to make sure we give them all the extra love and attention we can muster. Most often we find events and tribulations in the outside world empty our bucket. Some TLC in an intimate setting and a good sex workout are often the only cure needed for an empty bucket.

We have gone to extremes to keep sex fun, and our lives filled with a significant and erotic component to them. I have had gift-wrapped dildos delivered by courier to each of the women at their work. Stacy showed up at my work one winter day, came into my office, and flashed me; she was wearing nothing underneath her long winter coat. We are always leaving phone messages for the others containing some provocative and lewd idea about what we'd like to have happen that evening, and of course there's always plain old phone sex. We have yet to run out of ideas.

I'm the one that has to remember about romance --doubly so. I thank God for my secretary who helps me keep track of all the key times and dates I must remember: when I found Kim that first time, when we saw Stacy, the date Kim moved in with me, when Stacy moved in, birthdays, anniversaries, our first trip as a family, and on and on. I've discovered that flowers and jewelry are a universal salve for anything.

Both women have matured and become more sophisticated in their appearance and manner. They dress and look like movie stars about to walk the red carpet, even in casual clothes around the condo. Heads still turn, and I know they are both appreciative and grateful for their gift. One might think I'd married two trophy wives except for the fact that they are both brilliant business people with robust, complicated, and giving careers.

In our king-size bed I think we're as innovative, passionate, and caring, as we were in our first weeks together. We all want sex. I sometimes call my wives my 'nymphomaniacs' -- and I'm serious. There isn't a time of day or night that we haven't been exploring one another's bodies and not a room or closet in our home or a car that we own that hasn't hosted some sexual event. Usually we're in the bedroom because it's convenient, but we keep trying new things in new places to spice things up. Kim and Stacy approach me more often than I come on to them (is this an age thing?). 

We experimented with anal sex, and although exciting it is not something we do routinely. We started with exhibitionism a few years ago and continue today, but not on a regular basis. It started when we were out at a club that had tall bar stools. Stacy wasn't wearing underwear (as usual) and tried to get up and sit on one of the stools; in the process she managed to flash her shaved pussy to the whole club. After she got over the initial embarrassment, she decided that what she'd done was a pretty titillating and we had mad passionate sex when we got home. That triggered a series of events by the two sisters to flash their pussy to guys in clubs or restaurants (they call it doing a 'Sharon Stone'), or to reveal breasts, or to invite a groping on a subway, and on and on. I often stood to the side and watched as they performed; they've become quite adept at feigning innocence to the planned nature of their acts. 

Eventually, we tried sex in public places too. The risk of being caught turned out to be a great aphrodisiac, especially to Kim. We fucked over the hood of my car late at night on a Boston side street, in the ladies room at the Ritz, and at a concert at Fenway Park. I've often fondled a breast or run my hand up a leg to a pussy when we were out in public; one time I brought Stacy to orgasm in one of the City's best-known restaurants. Another time Kim gave me a blowjob while we were waiting for our entrees to arrive. Keep your eyes open, particularly when you're in Boston or Cambridge, you never know what you might see.

We've acquired a modest collection of porn and toys that we sometimes use as a supplement to our sexual romps. Some things we tried once and abandoned to tell the truth (I'll let you guess). BSDM didn't work for us at all, however, both women love a pair of electronic vibrators we bought that they wear occasionally and to which I carry the remote control buttons. I've lost count of the number of times they'd put those on, present me with the radio controls, and then we'd go out to a party or dinner. During the event, often in the presence of others, I can turn on their vibrator and watch them squirm. Stacy had an orgasm once that I administered as she was standing in a group of people at a gallery event; everyone with her just thought she was in rapture over a new piece of art. Without fail, we'd have fantastic sex when we got home after those parties; several times we barely made it to the host's bedroom.

We've talked once in a while about having someone else join our trio for some added excitement. The idea of group sex is interesting, but we're already a group and there doesn't seem to be a lot of desire by any of us for something like that right now.

So you see we have not drifted into the infrequent and perfunctory sex that happens in so many marriages, sometimes only a year or two after the wedding. We have a vital and active relationship all around.

Let me end this short update of our lives by telling you how much in love I am with my Kim and Stacy, and our children Ethan and Paige. I recall a comment Kim made once that went something like 'I must have lived in hell in some other life because now I am in heaven.' My heaven is being with these fascinating creatures and the fact that we share our entire lives together. I could not ask for more.

Oh, lastly, if this update or the first part of my recounting didn't answer your questions I invite you to e-mail me through this web site. 

Kim, Stacy, and I wish you all the best -- as the saying goes "We wish you love."