 My name is Rachael, I'm 49 years old, and one of the three founding members of S.O.S., the Sisterhood of Sex. 

The sisterhood began a few years back as part of a running joke between myself and two very close girlfriends. We would get together during the day while the kids were at school and the topic would almost always turn to sex, or as was often the case, the lack of it.

Some of the girls from our group have moved on to other towns and started their own 'chapter', and from time to time we've had friends and family who've asked to join the sisterhood. Now, 7 years later, we have 37 'sisters' in 8 groups spread across 3 states.

My kids have left home and I now have time to put pen to paper so I thought the best way to describe the 'Sisterhood' would be to tell you about our latest 'sister', Kerry. This is Kerry's story...

Last year Kerry, Dave, and their 3 kids moved in next door. Kerry is 35, Dave 36, and their kids (all boys) are 7, 9, & 11. Dave works as a bricklayer and Kerry stays at home to take care of the boys.

Kerry and I quickly became good friends, she's a likeable sort of girl and prone to many 'blonde moments' even though she's a redhead. 

Most of my friends returned to work as their children got older. I never had any work experience and so I've continued to be a 'kept woman' and remain the dutiful housewife. Having Kerry at home next door during the day has been a godsend and I spend a huge amount of time with her.

I usually go over about 10ish for coffee and sometimes help her with the housework so we can go shopping or visiting together.  

Unlike the earlier days with my friends, Kerry and I rarely discussed sex, I've been getting more than my fair share so I guess it wasn't an issue for me, and Kerry, I guess it wasn't something she wanted to discuss. That was until last month, the day after a barbecue at my house, when she asked me about SOS.

It would seem that some of the guys at the barbecue had told Dave that in order to improve his floundering sex life he should get Kerry to ask me about SOS. (Truth be known it was those guys looking to improve their own sex life, not Dave's).

Anyway, Kerry asked me "What's SOS? Dave thinks it's like Viagra for women."

"What do you think it is Kerry?" I asked. "Or better still, why do you think you need it?"

"I have absolutely no idea, on both counts. Dave's got it into his head that every other man on earth has got a better sex life than him and of course that's down to me. The reality is that if he wasn't so damn tired all the time he'd get it a lot more often than he does."

"I take it then that you're a little frustrated. Sexually, I mean."

Then she hit me with "Look Rachael, I have feelings, needs, desires, just like every other woman, just not at the end of a day filled with screaming kids and while being pestered by a half drunk husband who thinks making love involves a quick grope of my tits and a blow-job".

"Well Kerry, sounds to me like you're a perfect candidate for SOS. Are you ready for what I'm about to tell you?"

"So what, you have some magic pill that's going to make it all better? Because I've gotta tell you the problem's at Dave's end, not mine. So your pill won't work on me."

"There is no pill Kerry, and the solution SOS can offer is for you. Your feelings, your needs, and most of all, your desires. Piqued your interest?"

"God I hope this isn't like Avon. Go on then, what's SOS?"

"If I tell you... whether you want in... or out, this remains a secret and doesn't go beyond these walls. Is that understood?"

"So... what... is it some kind of secret society?"

"Something like that. Everything from here on in remains between us, ok?"

"Ok."

"SOS stands for the 'Sisterhood of Sex' and while we have 36 'sisters' participating around the country our little group here is only four strong. It was 5 until a few weeks back when one of our members moved down south."

"Moved down south, you don't mean your friend Margaret?"

Yes, Margie was one of the sisters. How did you know Margie?"

"She came to visit you a few months back to tell you she was moving and you weren't home so she came to see if I knew where you were. We spent some time together, talking, and stuff..."

"What kind of stuff? If I know Margie, any more than half an hour alone with a pretty young woman like yourself and she would have made a move on you. Don't tell me she did..."

"Yes, I haven't told a soul until now. I was so shocked when it happened I just froze up. She was sitting beside me on the lounge when she put her hand on my thigh. I looked her in the eye and just froze solid. She ran her hand up to my crotch and rubbed me through my panties. She rubbed me for a few minutes and tried to kiss me but when I didn't respond she just said sorry and left."

"What did you do?"

"Rachael, I don't know that I should say any more about it."

"Look, it happened, get it off your chest. Tell me about it."

"Well, to tell you the truth, I felt so violated but all I could think of was how horny I felt. My nipples were hard as nails, my breathing was heavy, and my pussy was on fire. I continued to rub, just as she had, and within seconds I had the most intense orgasm I've had in many years. Do you think I might be a lesbian, Rachael?"

"No sweetie, you were probably just extra horny at the time. And that's what the sisterhood is all about, helping each other to relieve some of that sexual frustration."

"You mean you're all a bunch of dykes?"

"Not at all, and that couldn't be further from the truth. We girls make sure that we each look out for each other's sexual needs. We're all married, have families, and our husbands are all self-centered pricks when it comes to sex. Sound like anyone you might know?"

"So you aren't all lesbians?"

"Look, some of us enjoy the company of other women, as well as men, but we all enjoy a damn good fucking. The only difference between us and other married women is that we're organized and we're in control. SOS is about getting plenty of what you want, how you want, and with none of the guilt of having an affair. Are you still interested?"

"I'm not sure, Rachael."

"Look girl, you just told me how frustrated you are, and so much so that the mere touch of a hand on your pussy sent you over the top. By the sound of it your last orgasm was pretty hard to top but what if I could show you a way to better that and then some and still have no guilt at the end of it? 

"I don't know. Look, it's time for me to pick up the kids from school. I know you mean well but perhaps this isn't for me."

"I tell you what, you think on it overnight and come see me after the kids go to school tomorrow if you still want to talk about it. If not, we never had this conversation."

"I don't know."

"Well, it's time I was off too so I guess I'll either talk to you in the morning, or perhaps not." And with that I left.

At 10.00am the next morning Kerry came over. I had a feeling she would, if only to find out more, and I had plans in place to help persuade her this would be the best decision of her married life.

We sat and went through a bit of small talk for about half an hour or so before I finally said to her "So what's it to be? Do we take this to the next step or not? Everything is still just between us and won't ever be revealed. Have you thought about what we discussed yesterday?"

"I have and it was whilst in bed last night when Dave groped my tits for five minutes before falling asleep that I decided to at least consider what's on offer. So, tell me, how does this work?"

"This works to your favor. Just remember, you never do anything you don't want to, and you'll do it all with your husband's consent. In fact, your husband will always be keen for you to remain in the sisterhood."

"But what does the sisterhood actually do, Rachael? What sort of things are we talking about?"

"We come together once a fortnight as a group, husbands and wives, for an orgy of sexual pleasure. The women meet prior to the night to discuss what we each want to experience. We've been at it for so long that our men are used to our 'way of things' and just go with the flow. But there are strict rules that we 'sisters' stick to and I'll go into the details of those if and when you decide you're definitely in. Any questions so far?"

"Yes, so this is just about having orgies? Are you like... just a bunch of swingers or something?"

"Sweetie, how would you like to have hours of hot, torrid sex, with orgasms coming out of your ears, and the very next day your husband will kiss you, tell you he loves you, and ask when you can do it all again? We're talking about satisfying your desires here. The idea is that while your desires are being catered to your husband is being taken care of, with his attention diverted from your activities by a like-minded sister or two. Do you think you can cope with that?"

"It all seems so underhanded. Where's the 'guilt free' come in to it?"

"If Dave's keen for you to do it, would you be less concerned about guilt then?"

"What, me tell Dave about this? Forget it, he's not a violent man but I certainly wouldn't be in the same room when I dropped this on him. Christ, he thinks you've got some underground sex drug for sale." 

"As I said... if Dave's keen for you to do it will you go commit to a full group session? Trust me, you really won't have any regrets."

"So how do we convince Dave then? I'm not doing this alone. Surely your sisterhood has come across this in the past."

"Yes we have my girl... yes we have. And when my guest arrives in just a few moments we'll explain a little more."

My 'guest' arrived about 10 minutes later. Having convinced myself that Kerry would succumb to the call of the sisterhood I called 'Sister' Gabriel the previous night and asked her to come give me a hand this morning. Gabe is 37 and nearer Kerry's age than I am so I thought it might help sway things. I introduced her to Kerry and we got straight down to business.

I started with "Everything from here on in is about convincing Dave. If he believes the charade put before him he will take part in our 'group activities'. Trust me, we've been doing this same plan for 7 years and it hasn't failed a single time yet. In fact I'd say it's fool proof but it's more about proving how foolish men can be."

"This weekend Warren and I will have another barbecue, although the only people there will be our sisterhood group, wives... and husbands. We're not yet due for another night together and because you and Dave aren't yet part of the group the boys won't suspect anything."

"Kerry, the only thing you have to do is show up, look innocent, but look convincing. The sisterhood will do the rest. Oh, and get the kids over to your mum's for the weekend as well. Does that sound like something you can do?"

Kerry just looked as wide eyed as Bambi caught in the headlights of a car and said "Mmmm."

I continued "At about 10.00pm, once the guys are three parts shot, we'll have 2 of the girls put on a little show for them. Men fall to pieces when they see women screw each other and your Dave will be no exception. But from what you told me yesterday I think you might have a problem there Kerry." 

(I told Gabe on the phone about Margie's little effort and all Gabe could say was 'her loss is our gain') "Do you think you'll be able to cope with watching two women making love in front of you Kerry? This is an integral part of the plan. If you're not convincing during this crucial time Dave will smell a rat."

"I'm not sure how I'll react when the time comes, Rachael. Oh God, I don't want to fuck this up. It could be the end of my marriage."

"From what I've heard" said Gabe, "Your marriage is fucked if you do and fucked if you don't. Do this properly and you won't believe how much better your marriage will be."

"Gabe's right sweetie. So what are we going to do?"

Gabe, ever the little vixen, seized on the opportunity "Let's take up where Margie left off."

"What do you mean?" asked Kerry.

For me it was plain and simple so I said "How would you like to see what would have happened if you'd let Margie continue?"

And without waiting for a response Gabe went over to where Kerry was on the single seat lounge, pulled her to her feet, and drew her in till they were nose to nose saying "Just relax while we put on a show for 'Sister' Rachael. Think of the orgasm you had after Margie touched you and multiply that by 10. Are you ready?"

Kerry didn't say a thing. She was frozen solid, like a statue. Gabe put her arms around Kerry and tried to relax her. She kissed her gently on the mouth, nibbled at her ear, her neck, but nothing seemed to 'thaw' her from her freeze.

Gabe then lifted up Kerry's skirt, pulled her panties down to the floor, and lowered her back into the chair taking her right leg and lifting it up over the chair arm revealing Kerry's pussy, lips like rose petals and a clitoris that protruded, long and thin, like a stalk at the top of her tight folds and all this crowned by a wisp of golden hair. I was most jealous when Gabe knelt down and began to kiss along the inside of Kerry's right thigh, the fingers of her right hand moving slowly along the left thigh towards that rose.

Kerry looked over at me like she was headed for the gallows and while I should have put a stop to this, the heat building deep inside my pussy told me to let it continue for just a bit longer. I whispered to Gabe "Be gentle with her."

Gabe continued to kiss up and down the thigh, her fingers making circles in the small tuft of pubic hair when she turned to me and said "Geez Rachael, she's shaking like a leaf."

Buried deep within the moment and not wanting to stop just yet I asked Gabe to give it another try and to perhaps move her mouth to Kerry's pussy which she willingly did. With Kerry's eyes still fixed on me, looking to me to put an end to all of this, all I could do was reach down under my skirt, pull my now soaking panties to one side, and begin to rub my own clitoris.

Small moans were now beginning to emanate from within me, my clitoris engorged and throbbing, my juices dripping from my fingers as they worked feverishly to bring me to that inevitable release and while Kerry's fixed stare had not altered I noticed that she had placed her right hand on Gabe's head and Gabe was now making nodding movements that indicated she was running her tongue the full length from Kerry's anus to her clitoris, pausing at the top for what must have been a suckle on that long, thin clitoris. 

Kerry closed her eyes and her head drooped to her left shoulder and for a moment I thought perhaps she'd fainted, that was until I heard the moaning, deep guttural moaning. It was evident that she was nearing orgasm. 

As I looked down at Gabe I could see that she now had her left hand between her own legs, rubbing herself through the thick denim of her jeans, her head moving like her tongue was reaching a feverish pitch and the sound of slurping so great that I could tell Kerry's pussy was oozing with a mixture of saliva and juice. God how I wished it was me down there.

The sight before me was too much now and I bit down hard on my lip as I watched Kerry moaning in ecstasy, writhing in the chair and pulling Gabe's head fully into her crotch before falling back into the chair with a mixed look of pleasure, pain, and confusion. It was at this point that I gave in to the ministrations of my hands. 

Without even realizing it, as if on auto-pilot, my left hand had let go of my panties and I'd placed two fingers deep inside myself, plunging in and out, in and out, in a rhythmic dance that was feeding the flames of the fire now burning within my pussy and all the while the flats of three finger tips on my right hand were making tight forceful circles on my clitoris. 

Not one for silent pleasure, I grunted and moaned through an intense orgasmic release that would have left no one in any doubt as to how I felt about what just happened.

Kerry just lay there, somewhat dazed from her experience, and I was certain that she was now deep in thought trying to reconcile what just happened. Gabe turned to me and said "That's you two done, now what about me?"

I shook my head at how insensitive that sounded and walked over to Kerry, bent down, kissed her softly on the lips and asked if she was ok. All she could do was smile like a schoolgirl and say "Mmmmmm." I gave her the opportunity to decide what happened next and she said she'd like to watch Gabe masturbate. "Watching you do it made me sooooo horny."

"So you don't feel like a lesbian yet?"

"Hell no. But I don't feel fucked yet either. Somewhat satisfied, but not fucked."

And with that I got Gabe up from the floor, moved her back till she was facing Kerry, and while standing behind her unzipped her jeans and lowered them and her panties to the floor so she could step out of them. 

"Gabe's got really nice titties Kerry, would you like all her clothes off so you can see?"

"Why not?" was all she said. What a transformation. Was this the same woman that only minutes before had huge doubts about doing this? What a powerful persuader an orgasm is.

I moved my hands up and under Gabe's top and fondled her breasts and Gabe leaned back, turned her head and kissed me fully on the lips before parting them with her tongue, pushing it deep into my mouth. She pulled back, looked me in the eyes and said "Thanks sis, now take my top off so I can get on with Kerry's show. Kerry's waiting and so's my orgasm."

I smiled, unbuttoned her blouse, unclipped her bra at the front and peeled them back over her shoulders to reveal her full, plump breasts, giving her nipples a quick tweak with my left hand while running my right hand between her legs to see how wet she was. To my surprise, her entire inner thigh was slippery with her juices and hotter than hell. This was going to be a great show.

I called Kerry over to the two seater lounge where I had been sitting and told Gabe to go sit in Kerry's chair. Kerry told Gabe to sit like she had, with her leg over the chair arm. I guess she wanted the full show.   I removed my now damp skirt and before sitting down close to Kerry I took her hand and held it between my legs saying "Look how wet watching you got me. Do you mind if I touch you while we watch Gabe?"

As I snuggled up to her she just said "Mmmm, I think I'd like that."

Gabe began by tugging on her labia and I could see the juices already flowing from within her. Milky white beads were running from the bottom of her lips and pooling in the crinkles of her arse before finally running onto the lounge cushion.

Having seen Gabe 'perform' on numerous occasions before I knew that when she's this horny her orgasm usually erupts in a thick, explosive ejaculate, and so I made a mental note to move Kerry closer as Gabe's orgasm drew nearer.

Gabe pushed her fingers deep inside herself, removed them, and then teased us by running them up along her belly, over her breasts, and finally popped one inside her mouth closing her lips tightly around it before slowly pulling it out. A moist trail along her body showed where her fingers had been.

She then began running her fingers the full length from the pool of juice in her anus up to the clean shaven patch above her clitoris, pushing the heel of her hand into her pubic mound and clitoris each time. The level of moisture in this woman's pussy is nothing short of astounding and copious amounts were oozing from within her as we watched.

While entranced by this display I felt a nudge from Kerry who when I turned to see what she wanted merely looked me in the eye and with a nod from her head indicated towards her pussy. Once again, this was all for her and I could think of nothing but my own pleasure. I decided at that point to make Kerry the object of my pleasure and turned to face her.
