 Jen quickly escorted me to my office and closed the door behind us. After she's given me a thorough exam, she requested I disrobe. Jen is acting very cool and professional, and I wonder how because the sexual tension in the room is thicker than I anticipated. I slowly strip off my clothing. Jen seems to like the show and from the corner of my eye, I see her give her pussy a little rub through her pants. She doesn't think I've seen it, and I let her keep on believing I haven't. I finish pulling off my boxer shorts and Jen now has a full view of my soft member.

"Wow, Justin your cock is huge!" She exclaims, her eyes wide as saucers. Jen pulls a cloth measuring tape out of her lab coat pocket. 

"Let's see how big you are." The excitement over the size of my penis is gone from her voice and is instead replaced by the professional tone she had moments before. 

I was standing and Jen dropped to her knees with my soft cock inches from her face. She lays the tape measure on my soft cock. I feel her small hands holding the end of the tape at the base of my cock. Jen is trying to close her fingers around my cock and then she looks up at me with a little smile. "Your cock is very thick, Justin. It's 9 ½ inches long and 7 inches around. You're bigger than my boy friend when he is hard. I need to measure you at full staff." 

Jen then slips off her lab coat and to my surprise her shirt. I'm totally dumbfounded by what I see. It gets even more amazing when she turns around and asks me to help her take her bra off. I unclasp her bra at the same time taking note of the tag, 34C. 


Jen turns to face me and she has a big smile on her face. Jen looks to be about 23 years old short blonde hair blue eyes. I would guess she is about 5'-3". She has a very pretty face and a nice rack. 

Seeing Jen shirtless my cock started to slowly grow longer and thicker. When she turned around and gave me a full view of her full and luscious breasts, my cock hardened even faster.

Jen looks to be very pleased with the affect she is having on my cock. She then again drops to her knees and using both hands starts to pump my quickly expanding cock. She moves one of her hands down to my balls and starts to rub them. "This feels great. You're very good." I tell her.

Jen then pulls my cock to her moistened lips, and starts to swallow my hard member. Inch by inch she takes more of my rock hard cock down her throat until she has taken about 10 inches. Jen slowly removes my now throbbing cock from her throat. 

"You look to be rock hard now. Let me measure you now." She says in a shaky voice. I'm guessing her little performance has had the same effect on her that it's having on me. 

Jen reaches for the tape measure and starts to measure my enhanced manhood. With a bit of a quiver in her voice she reads "13 1/8 inch long and 8 inches around." I saw her blush, but she tried to hide the blush in her cheeks by rocking up on her heels to get dressed again. 

"I need some of this formula for my boy friend." Jen tells me, clasping her bra together. She goes into story telling me how she had told one of her girl friends about her ten inch vibrator and how it was the perfect size for her. Then Jen's girl friend then joking told her "You needed to find a boy friend with a ten inch cock."

She told me when she first saw Mike, her current boyfriend; he looked to have a huge package. She dated Mike for about a week before they first slept together. When she first saw Mike's cock up-close he looked to be almost 8 inches long but after getting him hard he got a bit thicker but not much longer. 

"I love Mike but I need a man with a ten inch cock" There is a bit of desperation in her voice, and a bit of hesitation on my mind. But I nod and grab my jeans, holding them for a minute while we finish talking.

"Ok I will do it for you but won't he wonder why his cock got 2 inches longer?" 

"Mike is taking those penis enlargement pills off of the internet." She explained. "He will just think the pills did it." 

"That sounds like a plan. See me before you go home and I will give you a dose to take home."

Then Jen takes my still hard cock deep down her throat at the same time working the still exposed part of my cock with her hands. I feel my cock expand and then I shot a huge load of cum down Jen's throat. 

"I would love to see how much of your massive cock I could get in my pussy, but I don't sleep with people at my work." Jen gets dressed and goes back to work.

~~~~~~~~

It's nearly time to go home and Jen stops in to pickup the formula.

"Give him this shot near the base of his penis. He should be about 1 ½ inches longer by morning and a total of two inches in the next week." 

Jen then gave me a hug and with a big smile told me "I will give you a full report in the morning." 

"Hopefully you will have something BIG to report." I joked. "I hope so too." She laughed and headed out the door.

The next morning I was working in my office and Jen came in with a huge smile on her face.

"It worked! I gave him the shot. Thank god he sleeps on his back. I measured Mikes cock this morning and he now measures ten inches long and he is also much thicker. You are the man." She says. 

With a smile I tell Jen "I hope Mike will fill your needs now." Jen gives me a hug and whispers in my ear. "Probably not as well as you could Justin." With a sexy smile and a wave, she headed out of my office.

After returning to my apartment, I find I have a message on my answering machine from Wendy, the busty blond I had meet last weekend at our apartment complex's laundry room. She invited me back to her apartment last weekend and we had some fun. 

The message stated that she wanted me to come to her apartment as soon as I got home and she would leave the door unlocked. I think to myself that this sounds a bit strange but hey, what the hell she's HOT! Reaching in to my dresser drawer I remove a pack of XXXL condoms and head out the door.

I arrive at Wendy's apartment, open the door and enter her apartment, closing the door quietly behind me. I hear a lot of moaning coming from Wendy's bedroom. I notice that her bedroom door is open so I take the liberty of peeking inside. I see Wendy, and another girl that I don't know. The unknown girl is gloriously nude. She has brown hair and a very athletic body with small breasts. Well I'm not sure you would call them small but compared to Wendy's D cups most other girls breast would seem small. She also had a completely shaved pussy. 

I watch as Wendy inserted a huge vibrator into her friend's pussy. Wendy alternated between fast and slow strokes with the vibrator, while she sucked on the girl's breasts. I could see the girl reach out and insert a smaller cock shaped vibrator into Wendy's pussy. Both girls started to moan with pleasure. My cock was quickly becoming rock hard. The girls were so wrapped up in each other, they hadn't even seen me. Even so, I was quiet when I removed my clothing and started rubbing my cock. I was not going to announce myself just yet. I was enjoying the show too much. 

Wendy was changing her position when she spotted me. "Hi Justin." She said casually. As I stepped fully inside the room she introduced her friend. "Justin this is Amanda." "It's nice to meet you." I tell the brunette. Amanda is speechless and I can see that she is intently looking at my huge member. Undoubtedly, she's never seen one so large before. Amanda breaks from her trance and says with a sweet smile. "Hi, Justin."

"Amanda normally does not sleep with guys." Wendy informs me. "But when I told her about your super size cock she begged me to set up a three way with you. As you can see Amanda likes to play with big toys."

I look over and see Amanda holding what looks to be a 12 inch cock shaped vibrator.

Wendy hopped off the bed and came over to me, reaching out and grasping my cock in her tiny hand, and leads me to her bed. I take notice how comfortable Amanda looks laying on the bed with her legs spread wide and her fingers slowly working her pussy. When she glances up and meets my eyes, I can see the look of anticipation on Amanda's face. 

With Wendy's hand still on my rock hard cock she guides me into position to mount Amanda. Wendy places the head of my member near Amanda's dripping pussy. Wendy asks Amanda in a sultry voice. "Are you ready to have your pussy totally filled with this huge piece of manhood?" 

Amanda responds quite desperately to her friend, but her eyes haven't left mine since I took position in front of her. "YES! I need his huge cock. Give it to me now!" 

Wendy releases my cock and commands me in a low sexy voice "Give it to her stud. Give it to her hard and deep." I'm thinking Wendy was having fun being in control of the action. 

My huge member slides inch by inch in to Amanda's wet pussy. I can feel her pussy stretching to accommodate my thick cock but not as much as Wendy's pussy did. I guess all her play time with her big toys has stretched her out. I could hear Amanda's low moan, her eyes closed and her back arched. I could tell she was enjoying this already. I had almost the entire length of my 13 inch cock into Amanda deep pussy. When I hit bottom, Amanda let out a scream that startled me. Up until this point she had only been moaning softly. 

"Oh! Yes I want it all. Push it in deeper. Yes deeper you big stud!" 

I push harder and I feel the bottom of Amanda pussy stretching to take my full length. I have all of my cock down to the ball and her pussy is now throbbing. I'm pumping my cock rapidly in and out of Amanda's wet pussy using long thrusts. It's all I can do to keep up with her wildly bucking hips. 

I glance over my shoulder and see that Wendy looks like she is enjoying the show. She is sitting on the bed watching the full length of my cock pounding Amanda's pussy. There's no doubt in my mind she's envious of Amanda right now, as her fingers work her own wet pussy.

Amanda shouts out "I'm Cumming Oh yes! Oh yes!" I feel Amanda's pussy muscles tightening around my cock. I groan and I feel my cock expanding. I didn't expect her to cum so quickly, or myself for that matter. I hold on for a few moments while she rides out her orgasm. When I'm satisfied she's done, I pull my cock out and remove my condom and shoot five huge streams of cum all over Amanda's chest. Wendy seeing me shoot my load starts to shout. "Oh I'm Cumming too Oh yes, yes!"

"Wow that was great. We all came at the same time." I say. "Seeing your huge cock shooting cum all over pretty Amanda was all it took to push me over the edge, baby." Wendy cooed.

"I never had an orgasm that intense in my life." Amanda admitted with a slight blush. She turned to her girlfriend then. "Justin's cock was the first real cock I ever had. Do most men's cocks give you that intense of an orgasm?" 

"No most men's cocks are less the half the size of Justin. They just don't fill you like he can. He's the best stud I ever had and I have had a few." Wendy replied with a smile.

"I need that huge thing in me now." Wendy tells me. "Stand up and come over to me." She demands. I stand up and move to Wendy who's waiting on her knees. She looks up at me with her big blue eyes and says. "Let me see if I can get this thing rock hard again so I can go for a ride." 

She takes hold of my semi-hard cock and guides it into her warm mouth. It's a huge turn on seeing this buxom blonde's bright red lips wrapping around my cock. Wendy takes my cock inch by inch until she has taken close to a foot of my now rock hard cock down her throat.

"How does that feel Justin?" Amanda asks. I can barely speak, it feels so good and I tell her "It feels great. Wendy is the best." 

Amanda asked Wendy if she could give it a try. "Sure give it a try. Justin is quite a challenge." Wendy says.

Amanda looks up at me with her big brown eyes and pretty smile and reaches out and guides my thick cock to her soft lips. Slowly she takes my cock deeper. At about the seven inch mark, she starts to gag. 

Wendy whispers some pointers into Amanda ear; I of course can't hear them. Amanda moves down past the seven inch mark. I look down in amazement, seeing and feeling Amanda has taken all of my 13 inch cock down her throat. Wendy also looks amazed and praises her friend. "Wow girl you're good" 

This is just too much for me to take and I let Amanda know I'm about to cum. I try to pull my cock out of Amanda's throat but she grabs my butt checks with both hands and forces my cock deep into her throat. I shoot a massive load of cum down her throat.

Amanda slowly removes my spent cock from her throat. She looks up at me with cum all over her pretty lips and ask me. "How was that Justin?" She sounds a little unsure of herself. 

"You never did that before?" I ask incredulously. "Sorry Wendy, Amanda is now the best." I reach down pull Amanda off her knees and give her a big hug and a passionate kiss.

Wendy jokingly tells Amanda, "Ha look what did you. You made him cum and get all soft. Now I'm going to have to make him rock hard again! I want to ride that big thing."

Amanda, with a sly smile, tells Wendy "Sorry."

Wendy takes my soft manhood and places it between her full breasts. The feeling of have Wendy's huge breasts wrapped around my cock, aroused me pretty quickly. "That was easy." Wendy boasted happily. She then playfully pushes me on to her bed. Wendy unrolls a condom over the tower of manhood and quickly mounts me. She slowly forces more and more of my thick cock deeper in to her very tight pussy. Moans of pleasure escape her lips, becoming louder and more intense with each inch she took. Wendy took my cock as deep as she could, she slowly moved up and down on my oversize cock.

On her upstroke the suction of her tight pussy would almost make me cum. I want to make this last. Seeing beautiful Wendy riding my big cock and seeing her breasts bounce up and down was a very hot sight. She tilts her head back, moaning and grinding her hips into mine.

I look over and see Amanda watching her friend, looking very left out. "Wendy is using my cock, but you can sit here if like." I gesture to my mouth and Amanda happily bounds over and positions her pussy lips over my mouth. She sits so she and Wendy are facing each other. Each girl can now see the other, I have good oral skills as well. Amanda is moaning and writhing against my mouth, Wendy is sliding up and down on my shaft faster, grinding her hips harder. I hear both ladies moaning with pleasure. I'm also running my hands over Amanda tight buns. 

I hear both girls in unison yell out "I'm Cumming. I'm Cumming!" Amanda was coming off her orgasm about the same time as Wendy. 

Wendy dismounts me quickly after hers was over and removes my condom. Using both hands she starts to frantically pump my quivering cock. Amanda then moves to my side and also using both hands helps Wendy in jacking me off. Seeing two beautiful girls pump my cock was the tip of the iceberg and I start to cum. I had five huge streams of cum shooting all over the three of us. I'm lying on the bed exhausted with a beautiful girl in each arm. I give them both a squeeze and a kiss. 

After a time we all get up and get dressed and Wendy asked, "Could you take Amanda home?" "Sure, no problem." 

I'm thinking "Yes! That would give me some time alone with her." The ladies and I say our good byes and Amanda and I headed out the door.

We get in to my pickup truck and head for Amanda's apartment which is on the other side of town. We start to talk about our jobs and families. Amanda slides closer to me and starts to rub the inside of my leg, coming dangerously close to my cock. Amanda tell me that she is a interior designer and she was picked to go on a new TV show that was similar to 'Trading Spaces' and that she was leaving for LA tomorrow. 

Then out of no where she asks me, "Do you think my breasts are too small?" 

"I think you are very pretty. You have nice size breasts" I tell her with a wide smile.

As if she doesn't believe me, she pouts a bit and says softly. "I see the way you look at Wendy's big boobs."

"Yes I love big boobs but I think you would be sexy with any size boobs." Her smile brightens a little. Just then we arrive at Amanda's apartment and she gives me a quick kiss and a quicker squeeze to my cock. She tells me with a cute smile, "I would invite you up to my apartment but I know I would not get any sleep." 

I looked at her, quite puzzled. "I thought you were a lesbian?"

"After today I'm not so sure." She admits. We exchange cell numbers and I watch Amanda walk to her apartment.

The next day at work I get a call from my Boss Laura and she tell me to report to her office A.S.A.P. Laura looks to be around 35 years old, short light brown hair and a nice rack. I enter her office, right away she's checking out my package. She clears her throat.

"Justin I asked the girls in the office which bachelor in this company they would pay the most to go out with. You were picked by a huge margin. The reason I did this poll is that the company needs someone to participate in a bachelor auction. The local chapter of the United Drive is holding a bachelor auction. Since you were picked, the ladies will bid for a weekend with you at Pine Woods guest ranch. You need to show up the Johnson Center wearing western apparel." 

Laura hands me a card and tells me "If you have any questions call this person. Do you have a problem with this?" 

"No problem. It sounds like fun." I say. 

End of chapter 3