 This is the continuation of a previous story of infidelity and mischief. We last left off our lustful characters in a state of impasse, having just been discovered by the husband of Katarina, Mark. It is suggested that you read Chapter 1 before continuing. 

*****

"Wh-h-hat are you doing home?" Katarina gracefully bolted up to grab her robe by the side of the lounge chair, feeling the unmistakable dripping of cum oozing down her pale supple shapely thighs. 

Mark's expression of shock was quickly replaced with a hard look, one that reminded Josh of a predator in the midst of a hunt. 

"Hey man, I don't know what to say, it was-"

"Shut up." Mark snapped at Josh before striding across the porch to grab Katarina's hand before she could snatch up her robe. "I see you have been a little slut while I was gone. How often do you slut it up when I am at work!"

Katarina fell to her knees, the pressure of Mark's strength was overwhelming on her lithe arm. His hands were dark and scarred, full of calluses and scratches from his work. His tan arms created a marked contrast against her skin, like that of Josh's but unlike Josh, Mark had only one tattoo on his body. 

Katarina looked up at his chiseled dark face, made more menacing by his intense questioning expression. His eyes were the color of clear Mediterranean water and seemed to pierce her deep green eyes with an undercurrent of violence that both frightened and excited her. 

"Never, I never have before, I promise!"

Josh had stood up and snatched his shorts while Mark was focused on her, but Mark wasn't ready to let him leave yet. With his grip still on Katarina's arm he moved to block Joshs' way. Though Josh was taller and wider than Mark, Mark was more than a force to be reckoned with. His whole body was rippled with strong muscles formed from hard work. His brown curling mohawk gave Mark even more height and in his steel toed work boots he stood only a couple inches shorter than Josh. 

"I didn't say you could leave. You fuck my woman and cum inside her and then try to bolt. I can see your cum oozing down her leg. If you like my slut so much, well you are going to have to help me punish her or else I will let a certain someone know you fucked my girl."

Josh looked at Mark with a mixture of shock and slight excitement, surprised he would bring up his relationship with Lara. Katarina didn't think much of it since Lara and him had an open relationship but Josh quickly shook his head and stood next to Mark, "Oh please don't man, she has made me promise I would never touch Katarina, she gets all crazy jealous about her!"

Katarina, still on her knees, gave Josh a shocked look. Her discomfort was growing every minute though as the hard wood worked its way into her soft skin and Mark's powerful grasp felt as if it was bruising her arm. Despite being threatened with punishment, she couldn't help but take in the view of the two men standing over her. Josh, with his tattoo covered body and shorts, and Mark with his worn work clothes and masculine anger excited her enough that the steady stream of cum which dripped from her satisfied pussy began to flow faster with the aid of her juices.

She tried to bring her thighs together so as to hide the evidence of her betrayal so that Mark would not get even more furious but it was too late, a huge pool of it fell to the floor underneath her with her adjustment, bringing with it, the attention of both men. 

Suddenly Mark was grabbing her hair and pulling her out to the yard, Katarina stumbled and tried to keep her footing as he roughly pulled her to where a large pillowed gazebo stood in the yard. 

"Grab the rope we got the other day at the store!" Mark yelled over his shoulder at Josh and Josh obediently walked to the shed in the back of the yard. 

"Mark please, you know you are my man, I couldn't help it! I was so horny!" Katarina pleaded. She knew Mark would be angry but had never expected this. Mark looked down at her and smirked, then lovingly brushed her dark long hair to the side of her face, brushing his hand on the high strong cheek bones she knew he adored. "You are my slut, I know, but that doesn't mean you won't be punished."

Katarina felt a wave of relief wash over her, she knew that after her punishment was doled out she and Mark would be perfectly fine. She had never seen Mark so angry before though, even if it was only a sexual momentary anger, and she wondered if it was because of how big Josh was. 

As Katarina was dragged to the center of the cushioned gazebo, Josh came back from the shed, holding a long smooth rope. 

"Give me the rope and hold her down" Mark said forcefully as he released his hold on Katarina to grab the rope. Katarina began to stand up but Josh grabbed her arms and pulled them to behind her back, making her lurch forward from the sudden loss of support. "He said to stay down" Josh murmured almost apologetically but with a tinge of excitement in his voice. 

Mark grabbed her leg and tied a tight knot around her ankle, Katarina struggled to look over her shoulder at what was happening behind her and could barely make out Mark taking the rope and looping it around the railing of the gazebo before cutting it with a pocket knife that was in his pocket.

"What are you doing?" Katarina asked with a bit of panic, as she felt yet another knot being tightened on her left ankle. She tried pulling her feet away but her right leg was restrained to the gazebo and her arms were in a lock in Josh's strong hands. 

"Josh," Mark said commandingly, ignoring Katarina completely, "smack her pussy every time she talks."

Katarina struggled in Josh's hands, her legs were spread widely apart, each ankle with a tight knot and tied at an angle to the gazebo so that it was impossible to close them. Her knees were being looped with rope by Mark forcefully as she struggled to bring them in and she could see him tying each rope attached to her knees outward and away from her body towards the bottom of the gazebo rail. 

She couldn't see Josh, only feel him above her holding her arms behind her back. Grunting, Josh transferred her right hand into his grip of her left hand, freeing a hand, before suddenly smacking her pussy with his palm. 

Katarina jerked upright and flailed desperately, "Oh fuck!" she cried in a mixture of pain and shooting nerve sensations. 

"She talked again, punish the slut like I told you!" Mark grumbled before grabbing one of her wrists and tying a tight knot around it. 

"No please, no don't" Katarina pleaded wrestling to try and get control of her body despite her movement being vastly restricted by the strong men and the rope. 

Josh flattened his hand again and brought it back before smacking Katarina's vulnerable pussy between her wide open legs. As his hand landed squarely on her clit, Katarina felt tears at the corners of her eyes. Her pussy was still oozing cum from Josh and the sound of his hand smacking on the glistening lips and sensitive clit echoed throughout the gazebo. Sensation was shooting through Katarina's entire body as she struggled not to say another word, her clit throbbing from pain and pleasure. 

"One more time, this time for her begging to not be punished." Mark said as he gripped her left hand and let Josh move to between her legs for a better angle. 

Katarina was now completely restrained. On her knees her legs were tied spread completely open at shoulder length, her wrists were tightly tied and her arms were pulled as far as they could be away from her body so that the tips of her nipples were resting on the ground and her ass was the highest point in the air. She winced, bracing for Josh's hand to smack her again in her most vulnerable place, preparing for the pain.

Josh stood between her legs and admired her red and swollen pussy. He looked at Mark, who stood to the side of Josh, to make sure he wanted him to proceed and Mark nodded with a glint of excitement. Josh reached back and smacked Katarina's pussy with full force, her entire body quivered and a strangled sound of pain came from the back of Katarina's throat. Her pussy oozed semen and her juices over her red and swollen clit. 

Mark placed his hand on the right cheek of her pale milky white ass. Her butt was a perfect round oasis before it curved down into her dimpled wiry back. Mark slowly moved his hand down the lower curve of her butt towards her abused pussy, pausing at the side of her lips where a tiny chestnut colored mole marked her inner thigh. 

He then turned to Josh and with a slow smirk told him to get on his knees. Josh did as he was told, his enjoyment of punishing Katarina had completely overtaken his guilt and he was ready to do whatever he was told to continue playing with this perfect slutty woman. 

Katarina was still in pain from her smacking but knew how wet she was despite all the abuse. Feeling Mark's hand resting on the side of her lips was driving her insane, she couldn't help but wiggle her butt in an attempt to lure his fingers to soothe her throbbing clit. 

Mark placed his other hand on the other side of her lips and pulled the skin to the side, revealing Katarina's wet cunt. "Lick her cunt," Mark demanded and Josh quickly placed his face between her legs and began teasing her clit and lips with his tongue. Katarina began moaning with sheer pleasure, the tongue soothing the stinging pain and the feeling of Mark's strong rough hands pulling apart her sex was overwhelming. "Nibble her clit" Mark demanded and Josh quickly did as he was told making Katarina moan with increasing desire. 

"Stop!" Mark shouted and Josh quickly pulled away. Katarina bucked with frustration, her entire body was on fire with need and pain. She felt her pussy juices pooling at the entrance of her sex, begging for someone to push inside of her. 

Mark slowly walked to the front of her, kneeling down on the ground he pulled Katarina's head up by her hair. "Hey little slut, I don't think you have learned your lesson yet."

Katarina opened and closed her mouth, afraid of being smacked again. Mark smiled and then unbuttoned his pants, taking out his hard swollen cock. She could see his heart beat pounding the skin of his member. Sliding his pants down, he took her head roughly and shoved his cock in her mouth, pulling her head up and down with one hand while squeezing her nipple roughly and twisting it with the other. His cock was not as big as Josh's, but his seven inches of girthy cock was still more than enough to satisfy her. Katarina felt her body burning with need, her butt wiggling as her face was forcefully shoved up and down on to Mark's cock.

"Put your... Put the head of your cock in her pussy" Mark groaned, his pleasure taking the edge off his voice. 

Josh slide his shorts back off and took Katarina's hips in his hand before slowly shoving the head of his cock into her wet cunt. Katarina moaned around Mark's cock as Josh's girth pushed apart the lips of her pussy in a painfully delicious way. Mark shoved her head harder up and down his cock, making it wet and slick with her saliva. 

"Shove yourself completely in her and then take it out" 

Before Katarina could protest, Mark shoved his cock all the way into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat and keeping her there as Josh shoved his dick all the way into her pussy eliciting a deep moan that reverberated around Mark's entire cock. Josh then took out his cock completely, making Katarina whimper with frustration as Mark pulled her head back up and down on his cock again before also taking out his cock. 

Katarina looked at his slick wet member covered in her saliva and met his gaze, pleading with him to give her more. Mark smiled and then got up from in front of her and disappeared from her view. 

She couldn't see what they were doing but it was clear that they had communicated in some way because suddenly Josh was where Mark had been and before she had a chance to say anything he shoved his cock, covered in her juices, fully into her mouth. She tried desperately to take it all as she stretched her lips fully around his girth and let his head rest deep in the back of her throat. Her struggling was interrupted by the sudden penetration of her ass. 

Katarina tried to flail out of this sudden onslaught against her asshole but the knots around her knees and legs seemed to only tighten and the power of Josh's strength kept her mouth firmly placed on Josh's cock. She let out strangled pleading which only made Josh groan with pleasure as Mark pushed his dick deeper and deeper into her tight unstretched asshole. Her eyes started to tear up as his cock was half submerged into her ass and Josh began thrusting her head with as much power as possible up and down his length. Katarina felt like she might explode with the penetration of being skewered so violently. Before she could adjust to his length, Mark began to thrust his full size into her barely touched asshole, stretching her with his fully hardened cock while gripping the sides of her hips with his strong arms. Every time he pushed her forward with his power she felt the pull of the rope on her legs and struggled to take in Josh's full member into her throat. 

When Josh pulled her head up with his one hand tangled in her long black hair, his other gripping her tit and pulling it with roughness, Mark submerged his cock deeply into her ass. She felt her clit begin to build with pressure and her body begin to tremble from the constant onslaught until she was on the verge of a powerful orgasm. Her frantic moaning began to tremble with desperation and the two men's heavy grunts began to become more pronounced with each of their thrusts. 

"She is going to cum, the fucking slut" Mark groaned between clenched teeth as he thrust once more fully into her and felt the walls of her tight asshole begin to quiver and pull at his cock, almost strangling it. Katarina latched on to Josh's cock with her mouth as tightly as possible as she released a moan of pure pleasure, her clit began to pound with satisfaction and the walls of her entire body pulsed up and down around Mark's cock. It was too much for the two men and they groaned heavily, "Cum on the slut's face" Mark yelled as he shot his load deep into her body, unable to resist the strangulation of his cock anymore by her orgasm. 

Josh was also fighting to not cum but Katarina felt his load trickle deep in her throat, he pulled her head off his cock and continued to shoot his load into her face and open mouth groaning with an animalistic grunt. 

Katarina was covered all over her chest and face with cum. Her asshole throbbed with pain and pleasure, her tits were sore and her ankles, wrists, and knees were rubbed raw from the rope. Her heavy panting was joined by both Mark and Josh's as they sat in silence, Mark sitting between her legs resting his head on her ass, and Josh with Katarina's head in his lap next to his slick still hard cock, resting with Katarina's tits in his hands. 

No one said a word, afraid to break the silence of the moment. Finally Mark stood up and smacked Katarina on the ass. 

"Let's leave her out here for a little bit to let her think about what she's done. Then we can decide what to do with her." Mark said as Josh nodded and stood up as well, gently placing her head on the pillowed surface of the gazebo floor. 

"No, please don't leave me here. At least let me wipe myself off!" Katarina pleaded tiredly, her whole body feeling complacent but alarmed.

Mark glanced at Josh and nodded and before Katarina had time to think she felt the full force of Josh's hand smacking her cum covered pussy. The force felt like shooting pleasure and she gasped in agony and enjoyment, feeling her clit pulse again with the force of a mini orgasm. 

"Slut" Mark said matter of factly, taking her chin and lifting her head up to meet his before kissing her on her cum covered face and walking away with Josh into the house.

Katarina laid out on the gazebo, her face and tits covered in Josh's semen, her pussy and asshole a mess of the mixture of her own juices and the two men's cum. Her horniness was mixed with her curiosity to what the men were doing. 

Little did she know, this wasn't the end of her punishment. Not yet.