 I am a married black man, early 50's. This is my story; a reminiscence of real thoughts, feelings and events of my life. My decision to write it was born out of a private personal need for erotic expression - an outlet for sexual frustration. My decision to share it is an extension of that expression, but not an invitation for anyone else to use it in whole or in part without permission. By the way, my name is NOT Roy Williams, nor are Rick and Tammy my old friends' real names, for obvious reasons. But hey, you can call me Roy if you like. Thanks for reading. 

*****

PART 2 

Chapters 6-12

Chapter 6

One Small Step for a Man

"Just breathe," I thought to myself. Those two words were the first focused thought I had been able to form since I found myself standing in my own bedroom, naked, kissing a beautiful woman, with her soft breasts and hard nipples flattened against my bare chest. 

"Just...breathe," I repeated to myself, willing myself to relax. I felt my cock begin that throb - that thing it does when it first starts toward the point of no return before I cum. I could feel it, hard, pressed against my stomach by her soft warm tummy. I could even feel the slight vibration of her body as she moaned softly into my mouth.

By mentally focusing on my breathing, I slowed my thoughts, and savored the moment without spontaneously and prematurely cumming all over myself. After all, so much had led to that moment (Please read The Sleepover-Part 1 of this series before continuing). I savored the erotic knowledge that the woman kissing my lips with hers was my friend's fiancé. I savored the naughty fact that the very same friend was standing directly behind her, also naked, using his body to sandwich hers snuggly between us.

Oh man, was I ever savoring the moment! 

Tammy rose onto the tips of her toes, allowing me to kiss her more deeply. Her movement caused her ass to push up against my right hand, which was wrapped around Rick's erect cock. I heard Rick groan as my hand shifted. I felt his cock slide in my palm as he pressed himself up through my grip and along Tammy's lower back. This certainly didn't help me relax. It was clear to me in that instant, that in combination with every other aspect of this very hot situation, intentionally touching another man's cock for the very first time is what had me on the on the edge. 

By 'porn' standards, I admit this wasn't a big deal at all. But this was real life - my life. For a self-identified masculine straight black man to get off on touching a dick, and admit it to himself, was a significant step beyond the psycho-sexual crap I had apparently bought into for far too long. It was true that I wouldn't have had the courage to initiate it myself; Tammy literally held my hand and led me to this point. But there I was. 

Feeling slightly emboldened, I tightened my grip on Rick's cock and began to stroke him in time with his movements, stroking deep down to the base each time. His rhythm gradually increased - so did mine. Tammy began to rub the top of her ass back against his balls.

"Fuck," Rick half whispered, half gasped. His breathing was ragged. He stopped fucking my hand and held tight against Tammy's back as he took a few deep breaths.

"Ha! Tables turned - take that!" I thought to myself. Now he was the one having to focus to keep from cumming. I liked the fact that I played a part in arousing him to that degree. Apparently, my competitiveness with my former brother-in-law extended beyond the basketball court and pool hall.

Chapter 7

Going Head to Head

Tammy released my neck and slipped from between Rick and I to lay on the bed. As she did, she broke my hold on Rick's cock, which was so erect it sprang from my hand and slapped his stomach. I'd seen it in the locker room without paying much attention, but this was the first time I had seen it hard, and it definitely had my attention. It was roughly the same size as mine, maybe a tad shorter than my 7.5" and completely shaved with noticeably larger balls. It was impressive.

"Nice, huh?" Tammy commented as she caught me admiring her finance's dick.

"Busted," I thought. But I didn't care at that point. She giggled as she spun around to lie across my bed on her stomach with her face next to both our cocks.

"Come here," she ordered, as she reached to grab both of our dicks. 

She positioned Rick and I at the edge of the bed, facing her from either side. Tammy began to stroke my cock slowly as she propped herself up on one elbow to raise her mouth to Rick's dick. He pointed it toward her and she went down on it all the way to the base, and very slowly drew back up to the tip. The sight of her full lips dragging up the length of his cock was incredibly hot. She repeated this several times, stroking me in time with her cock sucking. Her grip on me was firm on the way down, then loose enough to provide just the right amount of friction and sensation on the way up. The perfect slow hand-job; perfect because I felt I could have stood there all night without cumming, fully aroused, enjoying both her touch and the sight of Rick's cock in her mouth.

Tammy released my cock, shifted to her other elbow, and reached for Rick's cock. Her hand slid effortlessly down Rick's saliva-slicked shaft, and slowly back up again as she had done with mine. As I was hoping, she moved her lips to my cock, and came down over the head of my cock with her mouth.

"Oh Shhhit..." I heard the words escape my mouth.

The feeling was ten times better than I anticipated. Her lips were warm and soft. Her technique was flawless - smooth on the way down, more snug on the slow upstroke. I could have stood there all night, watching her lips on my cock and her hand on Rick's. Tammy was incredible. I had seen lots of porn double blow jobs, and experienced a few clumsy ones myself, but she had skills and coordination.

She switched off twice more before flipping onto her back. She gripped both our hard-ons again and tugged us closer. Tammy pulled our cock heads to either side of her face and looked up at us with huge smile. I had shared quite a few things with Rick over the years, but I would have never guessed we'd be sharing blow jobs from his fiancé. He and I were years divorced from two sisters, and it was fair to say that neither of them were popular with either of us, and both of them absolutely hated Tammy. 

"If 'The Bitches' could only see me now," as she commonly referred to the exes, "this would shut them up." 

"Ha! Yeah, I bet it would!" Rick reached over and grabbed his cell phone from my night stand. 

Tammy took hold of his dick again and playfully brought us both in closer so that she could lick both heads at once. She held the pose while Rick snapped a pic. 

He tilted the screen towards me, before showing Tammy. She frowned and said, "I love you, but you're a shitty photographer. Give me that!" She snatched the phone away. She was right though, it wasn't the best pic, but it was an odd angle.

"Ok, now come in close," she directed us as she held the phone up for an overhead selfie. 

Her head was at the edge of the bed and she guided us both to one side to get her face and both cocks in the shot. Rick and I were standing hip to hip.

"Closer," Tammy urged as she readjusted the cam position. 

Rick, being taller, adjusted his stance a bit so our dicks were at the same level, and I turned toward him. He put his right arm around my shoulder, I put my left around his waist. I had not looked him the face this entire time, but I glanced over and he asked if I was ok with this. I'm pretty sure I just nodded; this was a little awkward. We squeezed in for the perfect shot, holding our cocks close to each other's. Tammy took a shot. It was good, but she was still not satisfied. 

"Get on the bed you guys," she directed.

She had us move this way and that way until we were sitting, facing each other with our legs scissored past each other, and our cocks just inches apart.

"Perfect." Tammy said, "Now just scoot forward and let's get those nice boners together."

I thought she was kidding at first, but she was insistent. Rick and I scooted our ball sacs and cocks right up against each other. Rick was apparently a grower when it came to girth, and had me beat in that aspect. 

"So, bigger balls and thicker too, huh?" I thought. But I still had him beat by a good ½ inch in length though." Yeah, I was always up for a little competition with Rick, but in this case, we very literally head to head. Any initial apprehension on my part was brief. It immediately gave way to the erotic sight my caramel brown cock standing alongside Rick's thick white cock. The warmth of his cock against mine was amazing, as was the feeling of his shaved balls against mine. I had decided to shave my cock and balls about six months prior, after seeing it in a variety of porn. I was rewarded with heightened sensitivity during sex in general, but nothing felt as good as my hard-on and balls pressed against his at that moment.

Satisfied with our 'pose', Tammy grabbed her handbag and re-applied her lipstick. I don't know why I found that arousing, but as I watched her do it, my cock twitched against Rick's. Tammy held us together by our hard-ons, encircling as much of us as she could with her delicate fingers, each with a unique hot pink and red nail polish design. Now that was good shot -- she snapped a pic *snap*. She jacked us together a few times, and we both got a bit harder *snap*. She handed the phone to Rick, then she licked *snap*, then kissed *snap*, and finally engulfed the two heads with her lips *snap*. The series of pics were awesome.

"Nice! I get a copy of those, right?" I asked Tammy as she flipped back through the images.

"Of course you do Roy sweetie, but first things first," She said as she opened a text window and selected Rick's ex "Mary" as a recipient. 

"Oh no you don't, I was kidding! Don't you fucking dare ..." Rick panicked.

He slid from between my legs and dove toward Tammy who was playing 'keep-away' with the phone, both of them laughing and playing as they wrestled. Rick finally got the phone away and handed it to me.

"I'm gonna take a piss, and grab some waters from the fridge, protect that with your life." Rick hopped off the bed and went into the bathroom. 

Chapter 8

Eating Pussy

"What, you're not going to go hold Rick's dick for him?" Tammy asked sarcastically.

I frowned at Tammy, and put the phone back on the table after discarding the draft text she began. 

"Maybe you're right, he might need my help." I teased, as I acted like I was going to follow after him.

"Hell no you don't! Come over here." She patted the mattress next to her.

I laid down, and Tammy rolled on top of me. We kissed a couple of times, and I laid there looking up at her.

"You're beautiful," I said, "and pretty damn sexy." She was. I felt envious of Rick, and very lucky that the two of them were willing to share this night with me.

"I bet you say that to all the naked girls in your bed," she rolled her eyes and smiled.

"First off, you're not a girl - you are most definitely a woman. And second, you're not naked." I rocked my hips and rubbed my cock against her panties to make my point.

"So, you're just flattering me to get in my panties then?" She faked being offended. "I'll take them off, but I'll expect something in return." She rolled to one side and began to ease them down over her ass.

"Something like ... what?" I asked. It was a pointless question, I was prepared to do most anything.

"Something you'll like. Deal, or no deal?" She stopped midway pulling her panties down. 

"Deal, definitely." I assured her, and she rolled to her back beside me, kicked her legs in the air and removed her panties in one quick motion. 

"But, how can you be so sure I'll like it?" I quizzed her.

"Oh, I have it on good authority that you get off on eating pussy."

Tammy swung her leg over my chest knelt above me. Her pussy was completely shaved, and I could feel it's smooth warmth as she settled onto my chest. She wasn't wrong, I loved going down on women, and I was damn good at it too. But I didn't recall discussing it with Rick, ever. Where had she heard that?

"Ah, the fine art of cunnilingus." I commented. "And just where did you hear that?"

I looked up at her face, but I was distracted by those two firm tits, which seemed larger from below and swung forward temptingly as she leaned down and replied.

"The same place I heard you like big round titties, which is also apparently true," she laughed. "from your ex."

"Lisa? Bullshit, you have haven't been talking to her, she hates your guts for dating Rick so soon after his divorce was final with her bitchy sister," I questioned her source. There was NO way.

"Oh, believe me I know she hates me, I can't stand that cow myself. I have no idea what you and Rick ever saw in those two cunts in the first place." Tammy made a face as though she had a sour taste in her mouth. "I didn't talk to your ex Roy, I read her revenge blog."

"Her what!? What the fuck are you talking about?" I got a bad feeling.

"You didn't know? Shit. Well, after you two split she posted a whole pile of personal shit about you online."

"Shit, like what!?" My bad feeling was turning to anger.

"Calm down mister." Tammy scooted her ass back so she could lean down and gave me a *peck* on the lips. "It was only spiteful crap, nobody took any of it seriously I'm sure. She's a sad *peck* bitter *peck* excuse *peck* for a human being *smooch*."

Mmm, Tammy's lips could calm a wild animal. But fuck! Every time I thought I was past all the shit with my ex, some kind of crap like this seemed to surface. 

"So," I asked in a much more relaxed tone, "is it still online?"

"No sweetie, it was taken down well over a year ago. It didn't get much traffic beyond her fucked-up circle of friends. Don't worry about it," she smiled as Rick came back into the room, and continued, "besides, your dick is fucking huge compared to Lisa's description."

Damnit! I should have been pissed. I couldn't help wondering what else my ex said. But I was intent on enjoying the current situation. Still, I was curious.

"Rick, did you know about Lisa's blog?" I asked.

"Uh? Oh yeah, I almost forgot about that. Typical Lisa crap - no worries mate!" Rick faked an Australian accent and laughed very nervously as he took a seat in the chair by my bedside. Or was it an English accent? Who the hell knew, it was so bad it was hard to tell. He was holding something back though, guys don't lie worth shit.

"Knock off that cheesy accent!" Tammy threw a pillow at him, which he caught and propped behind his head as he settled in.

"So, when does the show begin?" Rick asked with a huge grin.

"Right now," Tammy said, and she lifted herself up onto all fours above me, and re-straddled me with her clean-shaven vagina hovering directly over my face.

"So Roy, do you or don't you like eating pussy?"

I answered her by extending my tongue and lifting my face toward her smooth pussy. Tammy's scent was intoxicating. A hint of perfume, the lingering fragrance of leather from her skirt, and the warm scent of her pussy combined in a way that affected me on a deep physical level. I first pressed my rigid tongue deep into her and tasted her, before beginning a gradual progression of licking, lapping, kissing, sucking, and flicking. 

I combined these with lots of up, down, left and right lip action with periodic humming and moaning. The moaning wasn't a technique, it was my reaction to the thought, feel and taste of eating Tammy's pussy, her light touch as she reached back now and then to tease the sides of my cock with her fingernails, and the knowledge that only few feet away, Rick was watching.

It took about five very enjoyable minutes or so to decode Tammy's 'combination': Long flat tongue swipe up, followed with a stiff tongue tip pressed against the hood as I encircled it with my lips, sucked the clit just inside, and flicked it lightly while humming or moaning. Repeat. All while slowly running my hands from her hips up her sides to her soft breasts, and back down to her ass, pausing to tweak one or the other stiff nipple every so often, but not both at once.

First, I felt her breathing stop with a sudden gasp. Followed quickly by a subtle lurch of the bed as her body stiffened. She quickly lifted herself off my face.

"Oh my god, oh my god. So good - not yet, not yet," she was breathless. "You need to teach to Rick how to do that, oh my fucking god." 

As she was catching her breath, I couldn't resist blowing air across her clit, making her squeal.

"Oh, you bastard!" she teased, "Take this!" She lowered her ass onto my face. 

I wondered if she thought this was some sort of punishment; if so, boy was she wrong. I loved eating ass almost as much as pussy, and after a few licks for moisture, I spread her cheeks and probed the stiffened tip of my tongue into her tight butthole.

"Yes Roy, yes," she gasped. "Lick me deep baby. Lisa's blog said you were an 'ass-eating motherfucker,' I thought she was just being vindictive, but holy crap. Uh, yeah..."

There it was again, that fucking blog, "What the hell?" I thought. But I remained undistracted from the perfect ass I had on my face. And then it was gone. With the agility of a gymnast, Tammy flipped around into a 69 position on top of me, and lowered her pussy to my face once again.

Chapter 9

Sixty-Nine + 1

I sank my tongue back into her wetness, and began again working her the way she liked, inverse now that she was turned around. That took a little mental concentration, and Tammy's hands and mouth on my cock didn't help with that. She was merciful, however, and pleasured me slowly. I had no doubt this woman could make me cum in seconds if she wanted.

I ran my hands up and down her sides and back down to her ass, again tweaking her nipples one at a time on each trip. We kept this up for a while before I felt the bed shift slightly. With both my vision and hearing somewhat compromised by my position, as best I could tell was that Rick had joined us. I was sure of it when my hand touched his as he was cupping her breasts. Tammy let my cock go and sat upright, and I knew the two of them were kissing. Tammy leaned forward again and we resumed our 69 as I felt the bed settle near my feet where Rick positioned himself. "He must have a great view" I thought to myself. 

Tammy began to work my cock and balls again as I began to focus on getting her back to the edge of orgasm again. My efforts distracted her from my cock as she rocked her hips and ground my lips and tongue. At one point I felt her bracing herself with both hands on my legs. I knew it had to be Rick then who was touching my balls and jacking me at least part of the time. I was OK with that, in fact it was pretty hot, and I started to focus on her clit and pull her down hard onto my face, which really got her going. 

Tammy started sucking me deeper and moaning on my cock; she would pull off for a second to say "Oh fuck yeah" or "Ooo yeah" and go back to sucking.

Both her hands were still on my legs and Rick continued to massage my balls and hold my cock while she sucked. Tammy really started to moan on my cock and tensed up when I hit the right spot, so I went for it and licked her harder. 

She rocked back on my face. We got the right angle and she started repeating "Oh fuck, make me cum, make me cum." 

I was in the zone. Rick jacked my dick a few times, then stopped. Tammy's moaning grew louder; her "Oh fuck!" changed to "Yes, yes!" and for a moment I thought about my neighbors complaining about the noise (a random non-sex thought that we laughed about later). That thought disappeared after I felt my cock being sucked again. It took a second or two for my brain to register the fact that Tammy was still moaning loudly; It had to be Rick sucking me.
