 When my partner, Dennis and I met our new team mate, we knew this was going to be an interesting engagement. We were transferred temporarily to a new office in southern California to help the local talent with some highly technical customizations of a specialized piece of software. We were assigned to three person office with Amy, the local sales person... the local talent. And it turns out she was a woman of many talents. 

Amy was about 5'9" tall with fiery chestnut hair that fell in dense waves of curls onto her shoulders and back. She was sitting at her desk when we walked in the room. As we entered, she looked up and leaned back in her chair, unveiling a pair of boobs that looked as if she had stuffed two grapefruit halves inside her dress. Big grapefruits, with cherries attached. Her dress was cut with substantial cleavage, exposing a substantial portion of the curve of her breasts. And it was thin enough that the cherries on the tips of her breasts were clearly visible. As she stood up to greet us, her breasts were a slight fraction of a second behind the rest of her body, and as she reached her feet, they kept on rising just long enough to make it clear they were not constrained by either a bra or by gravity.

As she stepped from behind her desk, my eyes were drawn immediately to the shortness of her dress and the length of her legs. Her hem ended well above her knees, and her legs seemed to taper beautifully from where they emerged from her dress to the open-toed heels on her feet. She was truly a sight for my jet-lagged eyes. 

I looked at Dennis who could pass as a double for Denzel Washington, and I could see that he was as enthralled as I, but my glance was instantly drawn back to Amy as she walked gracefully towards us, hand extended. She greeted me first with a warm hello and welcome, then turned her attention to Dennis. 

"My, aren't you a delight, sweetie?" she said as she took both of Dennis' hands and made a point of looking him over, top to bottom. "Oh my!" she muttered as her glaze clearly paused in its downward journey, fixating just below his beltline. 

She looked over at me and winked as she said, "Welcome to California, men. I will do everything I can to make this trip profitable, memorable and fun. Are you ready to get started?"

Dennis and I looked briefly at each other, trading a silent nod. We have worked together for many years and knew each other quite well. I knew that he was having the same thoughts as I as I winked at him and said to Amy, "Let's get our laptops setup up and online and give us a few minutes to catch up on email, then we can jump in."

Amy pointed us to our desks, which formed an interesting structure. All three desks faced each other and met in the center so that we could work easily as a team. There were network and power hookups on top of each desk, so we were hooked up and connected in just a couple of minutes.

We were still checking our email when Amy stood behind her desk and picked up two binders. As she leaned over to place one in front of Dennis, I saw him look up, and I could see the slight twitch in his body as his eyes met her chest. I could see the front of her dress fall away and even from my angle I could see a substantial portion of her left breast. In a continuous fluid motion, she turned towards me, and my eyes never left her cleavage as it opened before me. I could see between her breasts down to her belly, and I could even see most of her left nipple as she gently placed the binder in front of me. Instead of sitting back down, though, she remained bent over and opened the binder in front of me with one hand. She put her other hand under my chin and pulled my head upwards so that my eyes met hers.

"So are you enjoying your visit to California yet?" she asked with a wink. "There will be plenty of time for sight seeing later, boys; but right now, we have to do a project walk-through so we are ready for our client meeting at 4:00PM today. Are you with me?"

It took a couple of shakes of my head to bring me back from my reverie to the task at hand, but Dennis was a step ahead of me. "Could you walk us through the client's business issues and goals on the white board?" he asked. All business, that Dennis. Hell of a partner.

Amy went to the white board that was covered with past scribbling and started to erase it. As she cleaned the top of the board, the back of her dress lifted up and we caught flashes of thin, sheer and very brief red silk panties. Dennis and I traded knowing smiles as he pointed out a spot on the very top of the board that Amy missed. Amy knew exactly what was going on as she stretched as far as she could and held the stretch while she made a point of raising her dress to show several inches of her finely crafted ass. 

Did I mention her ass yet? I am an admirer of curves, especially curves that form the classic female hips. Amy had classic curves. And she knew how to bend them.

Without missing a beat, Amy switched from flasher mode into professional consultant mode and gave us an excellent briefing. The client was an excellent fit for the system we sell, and she had done her homework in both selling and preparing the client for our system installation. 

As time for the client meeting rolled around, we felt ourselves working together smoothly. Amy knew the client and she knew our product, and she had quick and accurate answers to every question Dennis and I asked her. 

We left the office around 3:15 to leave plenty of time to make our way through the southern California gridlock and arrived at the client's office with about 5 minutes to spare. We were escorted into moderately sized conference room and the client team assembled for the installation kick-off meeting. Introductions, agendas, issues and assignments were resolved quickly and we were back in Amy's car by 5:30.

"So can I treat you boys to dinner tonight?" Amy asked as we pulled out of the client's parking lot. 

"That would be delightful," Dennis responded. "Did you have a place in mind?"

"Yes, there is an excellent Italian place just a few blocks from your hotel. Why don't I drop you off at your hotel so you can clean up and I will meet you at the restaurant at 7:00PM? Does that work for you?"

"Sounds like an excellent plan, but what about you?"

"Actually, I live quite near your hotel, so I'll swing my apartment and freshen up a bit."

We were at our hotel by 6:15, checked in quickly and in our large suite by 6:30. Judging on the quality of our rooms, it looked like Amy was planning for us to have a pleasant stay. Two quick showers later, out of our suits and into something more casual we were out the door and down to the hotel lobby by ten till seven. The doorman gave us walking instructions to the restaurant which was only two blocks away. We could feel the temperature dropping as the sun was setting, as the heat of the day departed, only to be replaced by our anticipations of the heat of the night to come.

When we got to the restaurant, Amy was already seated in the center of a booth that was tucked away in a private corner of the quietly elegant eating establishment. It was clear that she had planned for Dennis to sit on one side of her and me on the other. And it was clear that she had freshened up, or at least slipped into something even more comfortable than she wore before. She was wearing a bright red silk camisole top with spaghetti straps and lots of lace around the edges. It was deeply cut so that the lace extended almost to her nipples which were plainly visible and quite prominent. 

As we took our seats beside her, I could see that she was wearing a tiny miniskirt that zippered up the front. The skirt (and hence the zipper) was only about eight inches long, and the zipper was unzipped about two inches, exposing much of her inner thighs.

We ordered drinks and toasted to what was looking like a very promising engagement (and evening), then focused on our menus. When our waiter came to tell us about the specials, Amy made a point of asking about something on the menu. The quizzed look on our waiter's face told her that he wasn't sure what she was referring to, so she leaned forward holding her menu in front of her and pointing to the item in question. As he leaned over the table to see her menu, I could see his eyes miss the menu entirely as they were drawn by a force of nature to the gap between her chest and the front of her camisole. As she leaned and pointed, the gap opened up and the strap on her left shoulder edged its off the cliff of her shoulder and tumbled in a heap on her elbow, pulling some of the lace off the top of her left breast. Did I mention that I was sitting to her left? I'm an engineer. The details are important.

As she continued to gesture with her left hand, the lace responded to each movement with a movement of its own, and her nipple emerged from its nest of silk and lace, making direct contact with the cool evening air, and reacting accordingly. And both the waiter and I reacted as well. He got more and more confused about what she was saying to him, needing ever more explanation, hand movement and nipple emergence. And I simply started to get a Johnson as what an old friend of mine called my "penis consciousness" took complete control of my body. 

After what was probably only a brief moment, Amy seemed to notice that her nipple was getting cold, so she pulled her strap back up onto her shoulder, finished her order and looked to me and asked, "See anything you like, Bob?"

Now how in the hell am I supposed to answer that question with a straight face? "Lots" I responded. "How about the breast of lamb?"

"Did you mean breast of chicken?" our waiter asked. 

Realizing my blunder, I said, "I meant the rack... the rack of lamb."

The waiter nodded, then shifted uncomfortably, trying to adjust his pants without being too blatantly obvious about his affliction. He turned to Dennis and asked, "And you, sir?"

"I'll have what he got" Dennis said with a smirk on his face. 

Amy turned to look at him with a quick smile asking, "Did you want the breast or the whole rack?"

"Oh, just a breast would be fine for an entrée, as long as I can keep my desert options open," Dennis retorted.

"And you, Bob? What do you want for desert?" she asked.

"What can you recommend?" I queried.

"Patience" she answered with a sexy smile. "Patience and endurance."

As she said this, I felt her left hand land gently on my right leg. It started to circle the insides of my thigh, moving northward as if on a migration to its summer breeding grounds. 

She turned her attention to Dennis and I watched raptly as her right hand landed on his left thigh and started a parallel migration. 

"Tell me about yourself, Dennis," she asked, as her hand landed on the lengthening lump in his trousers. Dennis, the true pro that he is, didn't miss a beat as he started to tell her about his background, first at college, then in the Army Rangers. As he talked about how hard the training was for the rangers, I could see his dick growing in his pants. And I could feel mine getting rock hard, too.

Our ever attentive waiter, returned with fresh drinks, and our salads, and Amy needed her hands elsewhere, leaving our dicks to linger longingly in our pants. But being left handed, I found my right hand free and wandering, seemingly of its own accord onto Amy's left leg. As I stroked her thigh lightly, I could feel her open her legs slightly. And I felt her zipper move upward. Both of her hands were on the table at this time, so my engineering brain rapidly concluded that some other force was moving it. It didn't take long for me to realize that Dennis was working in partnership with me on this one, making sure there was room for both of us a the proverbial "Inn at the Y."

My wanderings soon encountered the edges of a wetland and I realized that Amy had cleared the path for us by removing (or never putting on) any panties to impede our journey. She wiggled her hips and spread her legs further, and I took the inside of her leg and gently lifted it onto my own leg. Dennis quickly did the same, and soon we found ourselves eating our salad with one hand, and stroking Amy's pussy with the other. 

Amy, meanwhile, was enjoying her salad and her wine and her glass was soon empty. Somehow, our waiter seemed to sense an opportunity that needed filling, and appeared once more at our table. The table cloth hid Amy's legs, but it was pretty obvious that Dennis and I had our hands busy; but Amy didn't miss a beat as she ordered another round for all of us. 

As our waiter left us, Amy put her head back against the back of the booth and her breathing got more rapid. She took her breasts in her hands and pulled her nipples out of her camisole, rolling them between her fingers. This was clearly a woman who appreciated her sexuality and knew how to use it. She started moaning quietly and I felt her hips starting to gyrate. 

Without looking at either of us, she said, "I'm coming. Don't stop." Her breathing got more and more shallow and soon I could feel a gush of liquid on my fingers as she started to come. 

"Yes! That's one!" she said. "Give me another one!" 

I leaned my head over and took her nipple in my mouth, sucking it first gently, then biting it lightly and pulling it with my teeth.

Her hand pulled my head into her breast and her moaning grew into another orgasm. "Oh, fuck that feels good" she said with a shudder. "That's two for starters."

She pulled my head away from her nipple and pulled her camisole up just as our waiter returned with our dinners. I never learned whether she had some sort of sixth sense about timing, but it certainly felt like a well timed (and highly appropriate) strategic retreat, at least for the moment.

"You boys are great fun" she said as she started to dig into her dinner. "I think we are going to go for a record tonight."

"What kind of record?" Dennis asked.

"Orgasms. Mine and yours."

"What's your current record?" Dennis asked back.

"Well, I've had 23 in a single evening and I've made the men I was with have three each."

"How many men were there?" I asked?

"Oh, I think there were five, but I'm not sure. It started out with only two, and then somehow got out of hand. I wonder. Do you boys think this evening will get out of hand?"

"Holy shit" I thought.

"Holy shit" Dennis said.

"Do you want it to get out of hand?" I asked, wondering what "out of hand" might look like.

Her hands dropped directly to my crotch she unzipped me faster than I could do it myself. She reached into my pants and pulled my dick and balls out of my pants, and then in a single slithering motion, she disappeared under the table. I felt my cock disappear into her mouth until her lips were against my balls, and then I could feel her tongue somehow licking my balls. 

She stayed beneath the table for only long enough to give me a taste of desert before she reemerged and asked, "What do you think? Are you up to making things get out of hand?"

Every now and then, I remember that Dennis is my partner, and there is something about Dennis that makes him very special. I took Amy's face in my hands and leaned close to her and said, "Ask my partner. Ask him just like you asked me."

She gave me a wicked smile, then turned to Dennis and dropped her hands to his lap. She unzipped him and reached into his pants. 

"Oh my God!" she said. "Oh my God, you are huge!" 

Dennis looked at me and smiled and as Amy disappeared beneath the table again, we gave each a high five. I watched in fascination as she took his cock into her mouth and began to deep throat him. Dennis is 10 inches long and almost as thick as a pop can, so no woman has ever fully deep throated him... until tonight. 

As his cock disappeared inch after inch into her mouth, the look on Dennis face was priceless. His eyes started bulging and then this look of total bliss came across his face and I could see Amy's tongue sneak out of the bottom of her mouth and lick the tops of his balls. 

Amy stayed under a bit longer this time, and while she was busy with Dennis, our waiter returned. "Where is the lovely lady?" He asked quizzically.

"She is under the table giving my friend a blow job" I replied. Our waiter could not see into our laps, so he didn't know whether to believe me or not, but out of the corner of my eye, I could see Amy pull off Dennis and disappear. The table cloth on the front edge of our table rustled quietly and our waiter just froze as Amy's hands appeared at his zipper. Before he knew what was happening, she had him unzipped and had pulled his dick from his pants and into her mouth. 

As Amy distracted our waiter, I asked him, "What's your name and when do you get off of work?"

He looked at me with a confused look, akin to the look a deer gives the car's headlights moments before it realizes what is happening.

"Ah, my name is Joe" he stuttered. 

"That's good, Joe" Dennis chimed in. "And when do you get off of work?"

"Why" Joe asked?

"Well, our lovely friend who has your cock locked in her teeth would like to know if you are capable of helping us beat her record of 23 orgasms in a single evening. Are you up to the challenge, Joe?" I asked.

Joe nodded his head and mumbled something that none of us could hear. 

"Say again" Dennis said.

"I can be off work when you dinner is over" he mumbled again, this time only slightly more clearly. 

Amy ejected Joe's cock from her mouth and said, "Joe, do you have any friends who can help?" And then Joe's cock disappeared again as quick as a wink.

"No, I'm new in town" Joe said meekly.

Amy pulled slowly off Joe this time, and kissed the tip of his dick just as he started to cum. She quickly took him back in her mouth and drained him, letting him go soft in her mouth before she let him go again. 

"That's three" she said, turning to Dennis and me. "I come whenever a guy squirts his come down my throat. Just like clockwork."

She tucked Joe back into his pants, then crawled back under the table, emerging once again in Dennis' lap. "Four?" she asked him as she took his cock back into her mouth. 

"How could I refuse such a compelling request from such as beautiful woman?" he asked, leaning back to enjoy the experience. 

Joe, still in a daze, started to clear our dishes from the table as Amy worked on clearing Dennis' pipes and I just watched in amazement. 

"I think you can bring our check and clock yourself out" I told Joe. He nodded in foggy comprehension and disappeared into the kitchen.

Another thing about Dennis that I haven't mentioned: he can come over and over. I have never seen him reach his limit, even long after I have hit mine. And we have had some times together.

Dennis put his hands on Amy's head and looked at me and nodded, indicating that he was about to give her her fourth orgasm of the evening. I saw his eyes close and his hips buck as he pumped his first load down her throat. Amy stayed with him until he started to soften up, then pulled off and tucked him gently back into his pants. She slithered her way back onto the seat between us and gave us each a deep kiss. 

"I just knew that you boys were going to be good to work with," she said with a wink. "Want to get laid?"

"Does the Pope shit in the woods?" I asked, mangling two cliché's. 

Joe returned with our check and she took it with a reminder that dinner was on her. I was only beginning to realize how literally she meant that.

She pulled out her credit card and handed it to Joe who smiled and handed it back. "My treat" he said. "See you outside."

We waited briefly outside for Joe, who arrived shortly. Joe said he needed to change out of his waiter's penguin suit and agreed to meet us at a nearby bar in an hour. We figured it would take him at least that long to recharge his batteries. 
