 Blindfolded and naked I am walking through shadows, being led through them. A pair of doors open before me and I can sense the light waiting beyond, leaking in through the open doors. I am brought inside and as the doors are closing I get my blindfold removed. I blink a few times, adjusting to the light, what I see is amazing. A large room luxuriously decorated, warm enough that clothes are irrelevant, with sofas, chaise lounges, couches, large pillows and beds everywhere plus a small pool in the middle. Tropical plants here and there. Everywhere there's women, beautiful ones, interesting ones, sexy ones. Blondes, brunettes, redheads. Of every colour of skin and hair and eyes. Tall and short, fit, muscled, slender, wondrous. In various stages of undress, from totally nude to naughty night attire. Kissing and caressing each other in an erotic ballet of heavenly proportions.

As I enter all eyes turn towards me and soon I am surrounded, women everywhere around me. Their hands exploring my skin, allover. Soon their lips assault me, I am turned this way and that as different women compete to let their lips meet mine, torn from lips to lips. Other lips soon find their way onto my skin, covering my neck, my ears and all the way down to my chest. Someone finds my right nipple and nibbles on it, soon another does the same to my left. Hands sliding allover me even down to my legs. Finding my member and claiming it. They're pressing themselves against me, my skin drowning in their embrace. Every inch of my skin is conquered by their fingers and lips, nibbled and caressed almost everywhere. Some even bite. My own hands are pulled this way and that, drawn to caress the bodies of the women surrounding me, one of them licking my fingers and then sliding them along her cunt. I am absorbed in a mass of bodies, swept away by a sea of desire. Almost all my skin touched by one or more women. Running their hands through my hair. I am enveloped in their skin.

Pushed forward by them all, pressed from all sides. Suddenly I can look forward without gazing into another wondrous pair of eyes, at least for a moment. Before me a dark-skinned woman sits on the edge of a couch, she leans back and spreads her legs as the group of women around me push me down on my knees. They push my head down until my arms rest on the sitting woman's thighs, I can feel her skin against my own. The call-outs they make gives me no doubt as to what they want me to do. I am drooling as they help me down further, soon giving her cunt a sloppy kiss. My god what a gorgeous meal that awaits me, tasting her dark skin and marvelling at the pink treasure hidden within. More then one hand ruffles my hair, pushing me down, female hands tracing and caressing my back, groping and spanking my bum, tickling and caressing my stomach and chest, caressing the inside of my thighs, massaging my sack, pulling my member. I'm awash in a sea of hands. And then I feel gentle kisses along my stomach down to my member, soon it is enveloped by a pair of lips. Making me gasp as I worship this wondrous woman spreading herself out before me, her lovely thighs felt against my arms, my head deep between her legs.

I was drowning in her juices, her hand and several others keeping my head close to her orchid. But even with my ears between her thighs I could hear her moaning. Hands and fingers playing down my back all the way to my buttocks. My buttocks and upper thighs getting spanked and groped while an unknown woman nibbled on my rigid limb, swallowing it whole. I was being blown away as I licked her into ecstasy, female hands everywhere. As she started shuddering, her lovely lickable labia starting to convulse, she dug her nails into my neck. Her thighs tightening against my cheeks. She was shaking as she came, her rosebud in my mouth as I gently suckled it. Suckling her to greater and greater heights.

My member was almost aching, longing to burst in that woman's mouth. But when the victim of my talented tongue had come down again the other women pulled me up and for a while I was held in a tight embrace with the woman by the other women, pressed against her sweaty skin. We kissed, she smiled at tasting herself upon my lips, holding my cheeks she kissed me even deeper. Then my lips got usurped by another woman and soon I found myself pushed down into the couch by a several female bodies and even more female hands. Helpless to resist I could only submit and abandon all struggle, abandoning myself and submitting to pleasure. The pleasure of women pressing themselves against me, wondrous thighs pressing against my warm and hard member.

The woman in the middle managed to push the others to the side and climbed on top of me, taking me in. Absorbing my member and riding me, other women caressing my thighs and legs, even my feet. Gazing straight into my eyes she took me, supported by other women's hands as her bosom danced before my wide open eyes. The women on the sides of me, each more beautiful than the next, caressing my chest, twisting my nipples, running their fingers through my hair. I suddenly found myself gazing straight up as a woman pulled my head back, making me look up at her bosom from beneath, gazing down into my eyes she kissed me. Ridden into oblivion by one woman, with other women caressing everything they could reach including my scrotum, and kissed into heaven by another. Caressing my cheeks and ears as she kissed me.

She caresses herself, her lovely rose, into coming while she rides me. The woman to my right dips her fingers into her own cunt and then lets me, makes me, taste them, lick them clean. As the lady to my left, a spectacular blond, lays claim to my member. Holding it in a tight grip at first before leading it into herself with an eager smile. Holding my head and aiming my eyes the woman behind me who was kissing me a second ago orders me to watch the blonde, to observe all of her curves. The auburn-haired beauty to my with the mighty bush masturbates herself yet again before treating me to another taste. As if suddenly deciding she stands up in the couch. Standing over me and placing the source of her lovely nectar within reach of my thirsty tongue. Eagerly I begin to explore another orchid. No flower can ever match the beauty of such an orchid.

Moans coming from in front of me, above me, and behind me before the woman who steers my head treats me to a taste of her recently dipped fingers. In a way I wished I could have seen her do it, there is just something highly erotic about a woman touching herself, pleasuring herself. A woman in pleasure, filled with lust, is a work of art, a beautiful creature. A tribute to the beauty of mother nature's creations. It places me in awe every time I see it. The moans are like the sweetest symphony to my ears. With feminine hands caressing every free piece of skin I am driven insane with pleasure.

Suddenly they pause, the mass of hands helping me get up. On shaky legs I am led away, helped on my way with a thousand gropes, to a low bed. They let me breathe, surrounding me instead with kisses and caresses. Hands dancing all over my sweaty skin and making me distraught with pleasure. One woman sits down behind me, gently lifting my head she places it between her legs, letting me rest my head against her crotch as she plays with my hair. Smiling down at me with infinite sweetness. The slight elevation of my head lets me see a woman's bum moving up towards me, coming up against my feet whoever it belongs to has bent over displaying her thick lower lips fully in a most appetising way.

She back up all the way to my groin. As another woman grips my member and presses it against the lips of my most recent wannabee-lover this woman of which I only know the rear end moves herself,or rather just her bottom, up and down along my member. Teasing it, teasing me to want her, to desire to enter her. As I lie there with mouth agape a woman next to me seizes the opportunity to kiss me. Almost raping my mouth as she lounges at me with her mouth and tongue. Diving deep into both my mouth and mind.

They help me up, helping to raise me on to my knees, still somewhat wobbly. Resting my member in between her cheeks. Looking back at me with the sweetest and horniest brown eyes I have ever seen she tells me, nay, orders me to slide it into her. Telling me she wants it, needs it. Behind me the woman in which's crotch I just rested has risen, she has taken a firm hold on my buttock. Nibbling on my ear she proceeds to whisper into it that I should take the woman before me. Another woman looses patience and guides me in. Holding my member firmly to aim it as the woman behind me pushes my bum forwards. She kisses my neck and calls me a good boy as I disintegrate within yet another woman. I have no idea when it will stop and I do not want it to ever stop. I want to live forever in this mass of women, forever their prey, their piece of ass to grab, their sextoy.

They rule me, holding and caressing both me and the woman in front of me, my bent over babe with the magnificent brown eyes and wild curly brown hair. Spanking me and giggling, groping me as they start to set my pace. Sneaking up behind me and embracing me. One even slides in between the legs of the woman in front of me. Stealing my attention she licks my sack as I keep thrusting. Groping and caressing my perineum. Someone sees fit to tickle my feet and I start giggling. My fit of laughter is silenced with a sweet passionate kiss. Hands all over helps keep my pace. Caresses all over keeps me from being sane. Lust rules my mind. My body is beyond my control.

The mass of bodies, mine included, moves in waves and vibrations like a piece of jello or the water in a small pond. When my hands are free I cannot keep them from exploring the back of the wonderful sexy woman in front of me. Her tanned skin a severe temptation to me. My neck apparently an equally large temptation to several of the other women as they kiss, nibble and even bite it. Making me feel like the happy meal of a coven of female vampires. Fingers and nails trailing allover my skin and making me shiver as other hands push me in and pull me out of the kneeling woman before me. I can't help but think that I should be kneeling in front of all these women, worshipping them all.

Helped by the woman licking from below she soon convulses in ecstasy, pulling me in with her. Making me feel like a bull-rider at a rodeo. Seeing her arch her back as she is hit by wave after wave of pleasure astounds me, places me in awe. I am surrounded by beauty and my eyes revel in the experience. Almost making me drool. With me still inside of her she calms down, panting from her body's wild ride. Gently I caress her back.

They place me back down on my back. Now I see a red headed woman who's beauty almost outshines all the others come towards me. Her naughty smile makes me love her instantly. She gently caresses my chest, all the way up to my neck. As if to say that I am hers now. The woman, the wondrous woman who has been behind me rises up a little and then moves over my face. Edging herself down until I can taste her with the tip of my tongue. Greedily I start lapping up her juices. Reaching back with my arms I caress her bum, just because I have got to feel it.

Somebody is kissing my chest, leaving hickeys by the feel of it. Hickeys and now and then teeth-marks. Hair dancing down over my skin as my tongue goes further and further into the lady above me. I wonder for the lonely second that my mind is free if she thinks that she is using me or if she realises how much pleasure I am getting from licking her. My tongue brushes up against her love-bud. It has hardened and gently I start suckling it. The low moans of the woman on top of me reaching a whole other pitch as I do so. I can her starting to shudder and I love that realisation. Loving the fact that I am giving her pleasure.

The more I suckle her love-button the more excited she gets. Soon she seems to be getting quite beside herself by pleasure. Shaking on top of my tongue and moaning like she has been possessed. Shuddering and shaking she moans out that she is coming, achieving that wonderful climax that I love to see women in. I keep suckling her rosebud until she sags on top of me. As if I and the orgasm combined has sucked all the energy out of her. She sits down behind me. Taking my head in her hands she lifts it up a little, smiling down at me she the leans down and kisses me.

After a while of slow kissing I groan, feeling nails dragged along my inner thigh. Reluctantly released from the kiss I look and see the pale redheaded beauty smile seconds before she starts kissing my until now somewhat resting member. The blood flowing back into it almost makes it ache. Sensitive from such extensive use without release. I twitch a bit each time she touches it. Pausing she looks up at me and smiles like a tigress. Somehow I know that this woman will devour me, claim me much more deeply than all the others. That she is the one I will loose myself so much more too. And yet I know I want all the women I can see, want them, desire them and in a way love them.

Having gotten me up to my former size she moves up further. Keeping her grip on me all the while, smiling at me. Holding me like she is never going to let me go. In a way I don't want her to, ever. She crouches down on my member, aiming and smiling at me. I just toss my head back and groan as she takes me in. Digging my fingers deep into the mattress. The woman I just licked caressing my hair gently. When I can open my eyes again I see her smiling at me. Raising my head a little I see the redhead smiling at me, she leans forward and kisses me. Deeply. I move my hands up to caress her back and bum as she kisses me, her hands in my hair. For a moment, just a second, we seem to be alone in the room.

Then, as the kiss ends, I am again surrounded by women. Surrounded by their hands, nails, mouths and bodies. The redhead starts riding me, moaning as she takes me again and again. My pelvis working to help her, counter thrusting to get us both to our destination faster. I moan deeper and deeper as she rides me. For a moment she pauses and I get to raise myself so I can bury my head in her bosom. She holds me there as I enjoy her sweet softness. My unshielded back soon the target of many women's hands. As if to drown me another woman comes up from behind with her bosom against my neck, surrounding my head with breasts. Slowly our pelvises grind against each other. Releasing me from her bosom we kiss.

Suddenly she pushes me back down into the mattress. My hands gliding over her skin to her wonderful hills as she starts to ride me faster and faster. More and more fiercely. Pulling back one hand I lick the fingers before I start caressing her with it, touching her love-bud most carefully. Inside of me the pressure which I somehow have managed to keep at bay is also rising. Boiling over and like a steam engine with too much pressure I feel like I am about to blow. Release cannot come fast enough and yet I want her to come to. My mind disintegrating under the pressure. I bite my lip trying to keep some composure. As if to distract me some woman lean in and kiss me. After her another kisses me deeply.

Kiss after kiss like they have organised a line as my body seems about to explode and my blood boils. All my limbs going rigid as my tendons tense up. Hands tearing my mouth this way and that for kisses, like this is their last chance or they all want to taste my rapidly approaching climax. Some hands seeking out my neck to hold it, almost squeezing it. I feel like I am rushing towards a cliff in order to throw myself off of it. I get lifted up for one last kiss with the redhead. A kiss goodbye before we die, torn apart by internal explosions.

She rides my groin like a Valkyrie, a hard ride with a deranged pace into insanity. Both of our minds sacrificed for pleasure as we race towards the ultimate release. Bodies hard from tension, muscles tense from internal pressure. My member has been somewhat numbed off by the previous treatment, almost too much for me to be able to reach that blessed point. It almost starts to feel impossible just before the first warnings come, brought on by the contractions felt in her sweet cunt. In between moans I beg her to continue, to finish me off. Smiling like a crazy person she rides me if possible even harder. None of us can quit.

I begin to shudder. Those first few electric signals feeling like a million volts racing up my spine. I know I am seconds before shaking to pieces and soon my jaw clenches shut, biting my lip to keep from flying apart as it feels like I would do otherwise. I can feel it, just the brim of it. I hold back just a little, just to make sure that her convulsing pussy is really starting to come before I let go completely. As she starts shuddering and her moans go out of control I hold on to that minuscule piece of control remaining. Fighting my body for just a few seconds because I know that loosing afterwards will be a sweet victory for my sexuality.

Her hands going at my shoulders she squeezes. Screaming at me that she is almost there... almost there... a millisecond later I loose it. All my futile resistance, all my self control is washed away by that great inner flood. I cannot open my eyes when she first starts screaming at me that she is indeed arriving at her own blessed spot, my own pleasure overriding both muscles and senses. I feel it flowing through me, breaking down all bones and muscles and turning my nervous system into a misfiring mush of pleasure and lust. Short-circuited by an orgasm that blows my mind. Our bodies continue on the path as we both lack the control to stop them. Sheer momentum keeps them going, that and the fact that our brains are far too busy to be able to send any new instructions.

We wallow in pleasure for a while, minds gone into some primitive land of perfect animal lust getting released. More one with our bodies than we ever usually are, more at home and comfortable in them than we ever are when thinking about it. She collapses on top of me and I can do, want to do, nothing about it. My body too tired for me to control I just lie there, panting. Drained beyond belief. But having her breathe deeply on my chest is the sweetest thing and I enjoy it tremendously. Just lying there breathless together. As we rest a spontaneous applause starts among the other women, some even cheering. My forehead and cheeks receiving plenty kisses.

Sluggishly she raises her head and looks at me with bedroom-eyes. Looking like she has been drugged by all that pleasure. Carefully coordinating our lips we kiss. We kiss and I know that from now on I belong to every woman in that room, whatever they want from me, with me, I will agree to. But of all the women there this is the one, the redhead lying on my chest, that owns the biggest part of me... after all, she was the one who brought me here...