 My name is Erin. I am proud to say that I am the first female Event Co-coordinator at our fair city's sports arena. It's a big deal to me, because I grew up around the arena watching my father work the Zamboni machine during hockey games here. Let me tell you about something interesting that happened to me a short time back.

As you know, our country is going through yet another election process. Who am I going to vote for? Republican? Democrat? I'm still not sure. Neither party ever seems to have the people's best interest at heart, so I really don't care. I suppose that sort of political indifference began to manifest itself when I was put in charge of organizing a rally for one of the candidates within our arena. I made sure that the sound guys were doing everything on time and on budget, and made sure that all those buttons and paper hats and signs were properly placed near the doors so that hundreds of rabid supports could feel like they were really making a difference by being there. But I was in no mood to be there. It was all too fake for me. I wanted to just run out of there screaming. I just couldn't put myself into my work that day.

Near the end of the day, I was severely fatigued. My feet were killing me in those damned black pumps that I wear whenever I have high profile clients present. After arguing with the head of the cleaning staff about what he should do with all the balloons that would be spilling to the floor that night, I slowly made my way up to one of the empty skyboxes with heavy, measured steps.

When I entered the skybox, I was greeted by the muffled silence accorded by the soundproof space. Leather chairs and sofas lined the room. I didn't even bother to turn on the lights, the dark was too inviting. I kicked off my shoes, loosened a couple of buttons on my shirt, and collapsed onto the softest couch in the inky back corner of the room. 

I don't know how long I was asleep. A muffled roar coming from the arena gently awakened me. My eyelids became unglued as I fought my way back into consciousness. The rally had begun! Cursing myself for sleeping too long, I began to pull myself up when I heard a sudden commotion from the doorway.

Two people entered the room in an unsuccessful attempt at stealth. The man was a young thirty something. I couldn't quite make out the age of the woman, but I assumed her to be a similar age. He was a good foot taller than her, with jaw length, long dark hair. His choice of attire, flared jeans and a short-sleeved shirt, aided his ease of movement as he scanned the room for any onlookers. I sank into the chair, ready to scold these two for trespassing. He quickly relieved himself of the camera bags he was carrying as they entered my frame of view, backlit by the patriotic lights. She was dressed in a form fitting, but conservatively cut, business dress.

"Are you sure you won't be missed?" I heard him ask in a rich tone that spoke of martinis.

"No," she hummed, her voice made her seem younger than she probably was, and "I've already handed you our press kit. That's the only assignment I was given. I'm technically on a lunch break."

With that, she lifted her hand up, and released her shoulder-length hair from its bun, and gave it a shake. Her light-colored locks were still curling from the intense hairstyle. Suddenly, but gently, he reached out and pulled her close to him by her waist. They kissed. They're mouths were hungry but tender. Their breathing grew loud and wet as they both gasped for breath between long interludes of passionately entangled lips. 

Watching them took me back to my childhood when my mother took me to see a presentation of Thai shadow puppets. Only this was much more interesting. I must admit I am a bit of a voyeur. My bathroom window gains me an excellent view into the house across the way. From there I can see my neighbors when they make love. It's exciting for me to watch…although I enjoy participating too.

He unbuttoned her blouse, neither of them willing to break their kiss. She let it fall to the floor, and let her hands stroke his lean, muscular arms. Her breasts were much bigger than mine, and strained against the dark material of her bra, almost threatening to spill into view. They broke away for a moment, and then his mouth lunged for her throat in a motion that made her gasp…and me jump in my hiding place. I could barely see her expression as her mouth fell open as he suckled at her neck. I slowly raised myself in my seat, and leaned back into the couch, hoping that neither would see me. I could feel my clit begin to quiver as I watched his hands cup and squeeze her tits, one after the other. He was about to pull the front clasp of her bra apart when she stopped him.

"We don't have time for that," she gasped. "Come here."

She led him over to one of the tables near the skybox windows. They had no fear. They had no inhibitions. They had each other, and that was enough for them to do the things they were about to do.

I could feel my heart pound and my heat rise. This was really turning me on. I opened my legs in front of me and slowly touched my thighs as I continued to watch them.

She fumbled with his belt and then undid his pants, letting a rather impressive member spill out in front of her. Judging by the shadow, he wasn't enormous – but he certainly wasn't anything to scoff at. His balls were large and he was thick, which made me begin to imagine me there with them…feeling his steaming skin. The woman began to stroke him with gentle hands as she knelt before him. I could see his head bend down, watching her, as she brought his cock up to her mouth and began to stroke his shaft with her lips. I swear I could almost see him grow harder and larger with each pass of her mouth!

"I've missed this." She moaned.

With that, she plunged his now fully engorged cock into her mouth. He gasped aloud and threw his head back. Her head shot back and forth – quickly at first, and then slower at varied moments. I couldn't see what her hands were doing, but I imagined her thin fingers squeezing and toying with his balls as she slurped at his thickly veined rod. Oh, how I wanted to be there. I imagined his taste. I could already smell his skin. I wanted that cock in my mouth too. 

She pulled away, revealing a thin strand of saliva from her lips to the head of his penis. She stood up and then turned around. He watched her, his hand continuing to stroke his shaft, as she pulled up her skirt to reveal her fresh, pale ass. She wasn't wearing anything beneath the skirt. 

My fingers ceased their teasing at my thighs and worked their way into my panties. I could feel my smooth fingernails tease my labia as my middle finger began to press and rub my clit. I was so wet from watching this drama unfold. I couldn't help myself. All I could hear was the roaring crowd outside, the lovers' gasps and moans, and my own thundering heartbeat.

"You see?" She cooed, "I've been wanting you all day."

"So I see." He rumbled as he stepped up to her, holding his column before him like a club.

He knelt before her as she leaned forward. He then eased his mouth up and into the dark crease between her pale ass cheeks. 

"Ooooooh!" she moaned as he tongued her pussy from behind. One of her hands pulled her breasts out and over the tops of her bra, letting her thick pink nipples join them in the shadows. He lapped at her with muffled slurping sounds for a moment or two and then shifted upward. His hands parted her cheeks wide and I watched as he flicked his tongue against her anus. This short electricity through her body, and she jolted with a squeal. I felt a wave of moisture shoot out onto my fingers as I continued to masturbate. I pinched one of my own nipples through my shirt and bra. I was insane with desire!

He stood up and stroked her back as if she were an expensive cat. I watched, and nearly cried out in delight as he eased his cock into her wetness. His strokes were slow, and meaningful. She began to rotate her hips to match his strokes. 

"Ahhh…That's it, baby," she exclaimed, "fuck me with that thick cock."

He obeyed. His strokes quickened as he reached forward with both hands and clasped her tits from behind. I could see his fingers tease, pinch and pull at her nipples. 

"God," I whispered at them, my own pussy on the brink, "Fuck me. I want you to be fucking me."

Her motions sparked something in him. His thrusts quickened. He pulled her up by her breasts, until she was kneeling upright. Her ample bosom bounced uncontrollably in opposing circles as he began to pound away at her. I could hear he balls slap against her with each thrust. He snarled like an animal as he fucked her. One of her hand flew back and grabbed a clump of his hair.

"Oh yeah!" she yelled, "Yeah! Fuck me! That's it! Yes. YES!"

They began to gasp and heave in unison. My finger furiously rubbed at my clitoris like a machine. And then, as if on cue, all three of us cried out. His body stiffened and his hands clutched onto her tits as if they were the only things keeping him standing. She screamed in delight as he orgasm mixed with his. My hips shot towards the ceiling as my legs shook and stars shot out in front of my eyes. I could feel a deep, thundering orgasm strike me deep from within. They stood there for a minute, unmoving. They were beautiful – like a marble statue in a museum.

Then, from the arena, a burst of commotion ended the scene. The crowd was chanting the candidate's name. The rally was beginning!

"I think that's our cue." She moaned. I could tell she wanted more, but these were obviously creatures of duty. 

They parted and quickly dressed. She put her hair back into a ponytail, and not the carefully arranged bun that it was in earlier. He pulled up his trousers and gathered up his camera equipment. She went first as they made their way, on shaky legs I might add, to the exit. Light spilled into the room as she opened the door and stepped out. He stood in the doorway for a minute, as if in thought. He then turned his head and looked straight at me!

I suddenly realized that I was still sitting with my legs wide apart, and my hand still resting over my now exposed pussy. I was discovered! It must have either been the intensity of my orgasm, or the way I could make out his smile, because I just couldn't move. 

"Thanks for watching us," he whispered to me. He then closed the door sealing me alone in the darkness.

I let out a long, relaxed sigh of relief as I let myself fall back into the sofa and dreamed of my new friends; these lovers in the shadows.