 The story continues...

I was sitting in the kitchen chair looking at Dan sitting in his recliner. Greg was sitting on the couch, with only a towel wrapped around him. I guess Greg and I were waiting for Dan to talk first since Tammy was gone.

"You really just met that chick?" Dan asked Greg.

"Yeah man. We had our first date last night. I fucked her all night then Scott and I spent the afternoon fucking her at the lake." Greg commented like it was the most natural thing in the world.

"How 2 punks like you ever got lucky enough to find her will be the biggest mystery of the century." Dan proclaimed.

"She knows what good dick is." I stated.

They both cracked up and continued to discuss Tammy's abundant charms and I sat there thinking about my aching cock and the fact that I had experienced my first coitus-interruptus.

I looked down the hall of the trailer towards the bathroom and thought what the hell. I stood up and announced to the 2 crude talking brothers. "I have an unfinished task I will now complete if you all don't mind."

"Go for it man." Greg directed.

"Leave some for later." Dan snickered.

I walked towards the bathroom and could hear the shower running. When I got to the door I stopped and listened. I thought I could hear soft whimpering so I tapped the door and opened it.

"Tammy, are you OK?" I tried to sound as concerned as I could.

"Scott is that you." She replied.

"Yeah it's me do you need anything?" I asked as I entered the small and messy bachelor's bathroom.

"I sure do need something think you could step in here and finish giving me what we started earlier?" She spoke, giving me an instant grin.

"I was hoping you would say that." I said as I started to take off my clothes.

She pulled back the shower curtain and revealed herself to me in her wet glistening glory. Every time I see her it's taking my breath away. Her dark tanned skin was highlighted by those milky white tan free globes. Her white triangle shaped crotch looked like a frame for that insanely shaved pussy.

I stepped in and she put her delicate hand around my thickening shaft. I put both my hands around her neck and tilted her head back where her beautiful puffy lips were pointing towards mine. I leaned down to kiss her and stopped myself.

"Did you brush your teeth or gargle or something?" I inquired.

"You guys are all the same." She replied as she put her free hand behind my head and pulled me into her lips.

I totally forgot about the blow job I had just watched her give Dan, as soon as her lips touched mine. The shower wet kiss was incredible with just the right amount of tongue to make me not care about anything but the fabulous melding of our lips.

I brought my hands down from her neck and across her perky dripping breasts. She brought her hand down from my head and we continued the passionate smooches as she continued with both hands and stroked my cock. I continued my assault on her body by reaching around her to grasp that firm runner's ass of hers.

"I want you to take me from behind. My orgasm was interrupted by that asshole Dan." She squeaked.

Two thoughts entered my mind the first I kept to myself. She gave Dan a blowjob even though she thought he was an asshole. The second, I whispered in her ear. "Coitus-interruptus."

"What is that?" She gasped as my hands had found there way into her pussy.

"Coitus is the union of the penis and the vagina. Coitus-interruptus is when the union is stopped before ejaculation." I said with my best intelligent whisper.

"Listen to Mr. Wizard." She giggled,

"Well what else is there to do in the school library but look up dirty words in the dictionary?" I chuckled back.

"I won't tell you what all I did." She exclaimed very sexily.

I pulled her to me and deeply kissed her again. I then pushed her slightly back and spun her around. I tenderly eased her upper body forward and laid my steel rod on the crevice of her ass cheeks. "Oh God yes, fuck me now." She panted.

I placed my dick at the entrance to her pussy and eased my way in. She was still wet in a combination of pussy juice, water and soap. With a gentle push I entered her as far as I could. Her hand slipped down and she rested her cheek against the shower wall. She scooped her back down and pushed her ass up as I started a slow and deliberate rhythm.

"Ohh you feel so good." I praised her as I continued my thrusts.

"Ohh Yeah baby." She replied.

I was picking up my pace and I could feel my nuts starting to tighten. I was about to really get into it when she spoke again. "Fuck my ASS Scotty, Please Fuck my ass." She panted.

Not wanting to disappoint I pulled my dick out and nestled between her cheeks and her tight ass.

"Are you sure, I am bigger than Greg." I questioned.

"Oh God I know that's why I want it." She sighed.

I guided my dick in slow letting our combined juices the water and soap, provide the lubrication.

POP, in went the head and Tammy Groaned. "Ahhhhh."

I slowly etched my way in with my dick feeling like it was entering a knot hole that wouldn't get any larger. I stopped and let her get use to the invasion of her ass.

"Ohhhh Yeahhh Baabiiiee!" She winced.

"Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, damn that's tight." I gasped.

"Do it Baby, Do it, Fuck My Assss!" She cried.

I started a slow pace then increased the rhythm. Not wanting to come before she did I reached around her and touched her clit. I couldn't fuck her ass and diddle her clit as much as I wanted but the contact was enough to send her on.

"Damn, Damn I'm Cummin, I'm Cummin Hard!!!" She whaled.

That was all it took for me as I began to shoot my load into her ass with strong spurts each of which caused my head to bounce back and even my knees began to shake.

"Oh Damn Baby I never knew ass fucking would make me cum like that." I proclaimed.

"Oh shit, shit it always gets me off." Tammy winced.

We straightened ourselves up and then heard chuckling outside of the shower.

"I told you he was ass fucking her." We heard in the all familiar tone of Greg's frankness.

"Damn she's hot." Was the only reply, it had to be Dan.

When we came out of the bathroom we got a rousing round of applause to which Tammy curtsied and said. "Thank you, thank you all so much."

We laughed at her antics and discussed what we should do next.

- - - - -

Tammy didn't want to put her dirty halter top and shorts back on and it was Dan to the rescue. His girlfriend had clothes in his bedroom and he told her to take what she wanted saying. "She never knows where anything is anyway."

Tammy found a white ruffled short skirt, no panties of course, and a denim vest which made her braless cleavage look amazing. Dan had a date with his babe, so the 3 of us were off again to find James. 

We normally met James at his house on Saturday's that is if Greg or I didn't have a date. James never had a date. He was not ugly or gay he was just crude and dressed like a run down biker. He never seemed to be able to get a date. We knew he wasn't a virgin because after he told us about screwing this odd girl we knew in school, the girl told Greg's sister the same story.

Greg and I asked Tammy to tease the hell out of him then follow our lead and see how crazy we could drive him. She agreed as long as she had the option of deciding what was to happen later. This was fine with us as long as it meant torment for James.

They dropped me at my house to change clothes I told them I would pickup James and meet them at the gravel pit around 9. While I was home I grabbed my old Polaroid Instamatic camera and 2 boxes of film. You can probably guess why I wanted the camera.

I picked up James and listened to him ramble about how much of a bummer work was. I looked at him and said. "Chill out man, and make yourself useful." Then I pointed to the glove box of my truck.

James started digging in his pocket and fished out a full ounce of his newest score.

"You're not gonna believe what I got today." He snickered.

"You're not going to believe what I got either." I retorted.

He added. "It can't be as good as this." As he rolled down the baggy and opened it up. I could instantly smell the pot it was just like a new Christmas tree. He pulled out a perfect looking bud. "What did you get that could match that?" He asked.

"Later man, just get to rolling." I said, making sure not to let the cat out of the bag.

After becoming blissfully stoned we arrived at the gravel pit and found ourselves alone. Without anything to wet our whistles with we began to joke about pussy and everything else 18 year old guys discuss.

About 9:30 we saw Greg's car coming down the road. One reason we partied there was because of the way you could see cars approaching.

"I think he has someone with him." James declared.

"Probably his new babe." I added.

"Damn I can't wait to see if she is really as hot as Greg said she was." James added.

I just snickered and couldn't wait for the torture to begin.

When they pulled in and got out of the car you could see James's eye's popping out of his head. Tammy sashayed over letting the skirt sway around in the night breeze.

"Hey Dudes this is Tammy. Tammy this is Scott and James." Greg introduced.

"Hey Tammy." I said.

"Nice to meet you Tammy." James added.

"Hey Boy's what's happenin'." Tammy replied.

"Just hanging and waiting for our boy with the beer." I nodded towards Greg.

"Shit we forgot the beer." Greg recanted to a sizable glare from both James and me.

"Well let's jump in the Beast and go get a twelve pack." Greg said hopping to keep things from going south.

As we walked to the Beast, Greg's name for the LTD, he looked at us closely and said. "You guy's look utterly wasted."

"Yeah James got the killer weed today." I said laughingly.

"We want some were is it?" Greg responded.

"Right here in my pocket but I am too fucked up to roll." James laughingly replied.

"Scott can always roll. Let him ride up front and Tammy can sit in the back with you." Greg looked at me with a wink.

"Cool." Was all he said as he tossed me the bag.

We started down the road and I began to roll. Tammy was in the back with James and she started to complain about the music. 

Greg told her. "Pick a different station if you don't like the tunes."

Tammy was behind Greg and James was behind me. She leaned way up over the front seat back rest and instantly my eyes were drawn to the cleavage which was hanging down in front of her. I smiled and thought about the view James must be getting. I was trying to roll the joint but I stopped and looked back to see James. His eyes were glued to her ass. I looked to try and get an idea of what he could see. I could tell from the way her skirt was and the fact that I could see a lot of thigh he must be able to see the Promised Land.

Tammy continued to play with the radio and she was doing a lot of wiggling. Greg spoke up. "It's hard to concentrate on the road with those melons hanging down here." 

I laughed and said. "It's hard to roll to." James was speechless.

We got to Dan's trailer before I finished rolling. Greg and Tammy went in to get the twelve pack from Dan's never ending refrigerator.

I took the opportunity to try and finish rolling the doobie when James leaned up to me.

"When Tammy was leaning over the seat I could see her pussy." He said with obvious excitement.

"Don't bullshit a shitter. The most you might have seen was her panties." I stated while knowing the truth.

"No man she's not wearing any." He added with obvious excitement.

"Switch with me and let me try and get a look." I said trying to get a rise from him.

"No way man and slow down so she gets back here again." He begged.

"I am going to tell Greg you're trying to check his girl's cooch out." I badgered him.

"Come on man if you are done then he will want her in front and we both loose." James begged.

"Ok, just be cool and don't be vulgar so she won't want to split." I directed.

"Deal man, just try and get her to change radio stations again." He pleaded.

I took my time finishing and Greg and Tammy came out with the beer. Greg just pulled the front seat forward for Tammy to get back in which she did. We left the trailer park and I finished the joint. We started hitting on it and I had an idea.

"Hey Tammy you want a shot gun." I asked her.

"Hell yeah!" She enthusiastically replied.

"Come and get it!" I said as mischievously as I could.

Tammy came back up on the back rest with her ass on display. I took the joint and turned it around. I was a pro at shot guns and I started to blow the thick smoke down her ample throat. I also reached down and unbuttoned the top button of her vest. Tammy quickly fell back to the backseat partially falling on James who had moved over for a better view.

Coughing and gagging Tammy was partially on James's Lap.

"Oh Shit!" She gasped. "That was intense!"

James started to move back over to his side and Tammy pulled herself up to hers. Still coughing she pulled her right leg up on the seat and rested her elbow on her knee so she could cover her mouth. Her skirt opened just enough to see her pussy was open there in the shadow. 

"Hey Greg turn on the overhead light so I can see if she is OK." I asked.

Greg flicked on the light and boom; there it was, her perfectly shaped pussy in clear view and looking open for business. I looked at James who was open mouthed and staring like it was something completely new to him.

"Are you OK Tam?" I asked trying not to crack up.

"I think so but I sure am hot." She exclaimed as she unbuttoned the second button of her vest.

"You sure are hot." James gasped as he looked at our 'perfect 10 slut'.

We arrived at the gravel pit and Greg pulled up even with my truck. We all got out and I went and put the keys in my truck ignition and turned on the stereo. We all were enjoying our stoned condition by drinking beer laughing and enjoying our little party. Tammy danced around the 3 of us and brushed up against us all accidentally grazing the bulges we all had. She nestled up to Greg and they started to make out.

James never took his eyes off her actually with the exception of checking James's expression; I couldn't take my eyes off of her either.

Greg was feeling her ass over her skirt and Tammy was tongue wrestling him as best she could. Greg looked over at us and said. "We are going to get in the Beast for awhile if you guy's don't mind."

"Go for it man, we will just sit out her and enjoy the night air." I exclaimed as I looked at James and winked.

They climbed into the back of the Beast and obviously began a heavy make out session. I looked at James and told him. "I brought my Polaroid. Let's see if we can get some good pictures."

"You're shittin' me. Greg will get pissed." James replied.

"Don't be a pussy the worst that can happen is we get a picture and he gets out to try and get it from us. What have we got to loose?" I asked.

"Can I keep the picture?" He replied obviously getting a little excited at the chance of what he might see.

"Let's just try it and see what we get." I replied.

I went to my truck and got the camera I loaded a box of film which contained 8 pictures. I walked over to James who was at the front of the beast trying to look in. I stood beside him and looked into the car. All you could see was a leg of Tammy's up on the back seat. You could see a little of Greg's back and head.

I walked towards the back of the car on the side were their heads were. James was close behind me staring into the car with obvious lust. We reached the side window and all we could see was Greg laying on top of her humping at a good slow pace. We could see Tammy's face now and she had her eyes closed as she was tonguing Greg's ear.

James was starting to crack up and I whispered to him. "Be cool James or they might catch us."

Just then Tammy opened her eyes and looked back up at us and smiled. She looked at Greg and said. "Get up on your knees and fuck my Pussy hard."

Greg rose up and got on his knees. I had James duck down with me when Greg started to move. We waited until we could here her moan and rose up. What we saw was beautiful. The vest Tammy had on was completely unbuttoned her beautiful breast were jutting out and looking perfect as always. The skirt was crumpled around her waist and Greg was fucking her hard.

I pulled up the camera and 'click'. The flash went off and they both looked up as the picture came out the front.

"Damn you Scott what are you doing?" Greg said with a surprised tone.

"Pictures make memories." I replied. 'Click' I took another shot of them looking up at me while James was grabbing the developing photos as they came out.

Greg and Tammy just laughed and resumed their activity. I walked over to James who had moved over to my truck were he opened the door for light.

"Damn you got it." He excitedly proclaimed.

We looked at the first picture which wasn't bad. You could see Tammy's breast all right and you could tell Greg's dick was in her but you really couldn't see anything. 

"Lets' go and try and get another!" I said with much enthusiasm.

"Oh Cool!" James gleamed in his excitement.

We got back over to the Beast and saw Greg sitting up in the back seat. Tammy was on her knees in the seat leaning over him sucking his cock.

"Let's get a picture with his dick in her mouth!" James panted.

"Let's look at this end first." I directed.

We got to the side and her ass was pointed but her skirt had fallen back in place. Greg looked at us and smiled and lifted the skirt over her ass so you could see that beautiful tan lined ass and the bottom of her pussy. 'Click' I took another shot which James quickly retrieved. We then moved to the other side to see the Tammy working her magic on Greg's tool. 'Click' I got the picture with about half of Greg's dick down her throat. Tammy looked up at us and pulled out Greg's dick and smiled. 'Click', I had to capture that moment.

"Damn she seems to like us watching her." James reacted in astonishment.

We were examining the pictures when we heard Greg and Tammy getting out of the car. 

"Let's see those." Greg demanded.

"OK just don't tear them up." James relented as he handed over the photos. "I think we can get better pictures than that." Tammy commented as she looked at the photos.

"Cool I'm ready if you are." I said holding up the camera.

"Greg, go and get the blanket out of your trunk." Tammy directed.

Greg retrieved the blanket and Tammy took it from him and then spread it over the trunk of the Beast. She climbed up on the blanket and turned and sat back against the rear window. We all 3 watched as she unbuttoned the vest and revealed her perfectly shaped breasts then she raised her knees and pulled her skirt up to reveal her feminine charms.

"Damn Greg your women is exposing herself to all of us." James stated in disbelief.

"I'm not Greg's women. I am the slut of 3 studs." Tammy seductively replied.

"That's right man I fucked her pussy while Greg got her ass this afternoon." I said as I started to take pictures.

James was rubbing his dick over his jeans. "You guys are either fucking with me or I am dreaming one of the two." 

'Click', I got a picture with Tammy leaning back. 'Click', there was one with her spreading open her pussy lips with her hand.

"No man she even gave Dan a blow job to calm him down when he caught us fucking her in the trailer." Greg revealed.

"That's what you were talking about earlier when you said I would never guess what you got today." James said to me. "When do I get some?" He questioned.

"Right now!" Tammy responded as she gestured with her finger for him to come up on the trunk.

James was climbing up on the trunk with a big ass smile when all of the sudden.
