 This is the continued story. 

After our afternoon romp, the three of us went into the lake to rinse off. A single boat passed near us and Tammy made sure she exposed her breasts to the boat full of people. They then started to slow down and come closer. I thought about this situation for a moment and turned to Greg.

"I don't care for this action do you?" I stated as frankly as I could.

"No man I think we should boogie." He replied.

Greg took Tammy by the hand and pulled her close. "I think we should go now."

Tammy wrapped herself around Greg and stated. "I am yours babe, take me where you want."

We all walked out of the water totally naked as the people in the boat started whooping and hollering. We quickly pulled our clothes onto our wet bodies. I grabbed the blanket and threw it into the trunk and closed it. We all jumped in the car with Greg behind the wheel and we were off.

As drove out of the lake area and started down a country road. I looked at Tammy and she had a dazed glaze on her face.

"Are you OK?" I asked her.

"Yeah I think I am coming down." She said with a pout.

"Hey man let's go to your brother's for awhile." I suggested.

"Sounds cool." Was all he said.

Greg's Brother Dan was 22 and had moved into a trailer the year before. He worked at the local Beer distributor which was a very cool connection for us. His trailer was in a very small trailer park which had about 5 trailers and 15 empty lots. This was not a very nice place but to us it was heaven. 

We got to the trailer and we could instantly tell Dan was not home because his pickup was not there. We pulled up to the steps and got out. Greg unlocked the door and we stepped in. Tired was the operative word as Greg and Tammy lay on the couch and I turned on the TV to MTV and sat on the recliner.

"Who feels like a joint?" I asked.

Greg said "You know man I think that will be great after I take a shower." He looked at Tammy. "You want to join me?" he asked Tammy.

"No I am going to veg for a minute you go ahead." She replied.

Greg got up and headed for the back. Once the water started Tammy sat up and looked at me.

"I liked what you were saying to me when Greg was fucking me." She said while those beautiful eyes were sinking into my mind. "What makes you think I am a slut?" she said almost like a dare.

I stood up and walked over to the couch were she was sitting. I put my hand behind her head and encouraged her to sit up. I slipped down on the couch holding her up against my shoulders.

I reached over and slipped my hand into her halter top and gently squeezed her breast. "Mmmm." Was all she said as I continued to manipulate her fabulous breasts as her nipples started to come alive. 

I leaned into her ear and softly spoke. "Would you like to cum again." 

"Oh God yes!" She enthusiastically answered as she went forward and then turned towards me and we went into a lip lock. 

I pulled back and looked into her eyes. "You are a slut and we are the luckiest guys in the world to have found you." I honestly replied.

We tongue wrestled for a moment as I pulled her on top of me. I untied her halter top and put my lips on one of her luscious nipples. I lightly bit and teased the little hard eraser tip. She began to rock rubbing her crotch on my hardening dick. I put my hands on her hips and brought her back off of me to stand up while I unfastened her shorts. I wiggled them down off her and as soon as the passed her butt they dropped to the floor. I reached up between her legs and rubbed over her pussy lightly.

"Ahhh yeah." Was her reply, as my finger slipped into her folds to find it wet and very slippery.

"Let me lick it." I said as I gazed into her unfocused eyes.

I pulled her leg up onto the arm rest of the couch. I leaned up and placed my tongue at the base of her slit and pushed it inside as my tongue slid up and pushed against the muscle leading up to her clit.

"Ohh yes lick it Scotty." She instructed.

I flicked my tongue around and over her clit dropping down to get a drop of her sweet honey as she started to hump my face. I reached around her and grabbed her sides and took her down beside me onto the couch. I pushed her legs back and opened up that beautiful clean shaved pussy which sprouted like a blooming flower with dew dropping from its peddles. 

I Leaned down and savagely started sucking and licking the most succulent pussy you could dream of. Tammy was thrashing around and getting louder.

"Ohh God eat me Scott, that's it suck my clit Oh God!" She screamed aloud.

I pulled my face up and looked down into her with my best penetrating look. "I gotta fuck you Baby." 

"Oh yes, do it now." Tammy stated as she began to rub the lump in my shorts.

I quickly unfastened my shorts and kicked them off. I pulled her forward on the couch with her legs up to my shoulders. I placed my dick at her open pussy and pushed it forward.

"God that feels good." She stated as I pushed in to the hilt.

With her legs up to my shoulders I leaned forward and started pounding her hard. I could feel my dick all the way into her as my pubic hairs covered her clean slit. I would pull back to where the head was the only thing in her and ram back down.

"Damn I can feel you up in my stomach." She breathed. "Fuck I am going to cum!" She yelled.

I then looked up and saw Greg walking into the room. He looked at me fucking Tammy on the couch and grinned. "Damn you guys are shaking the whole trailer".

I looked down at Tammy and we both started laughing. Tammy looked up at Greg as I sat back to let her legs drop to my sides. 

"Come here I need something to suck." She demanded. 

Greg only had a towel wrapped around him having just come out of the shower. He walked over beside the couch and dropped the towel Tammy sat up on her elbows as She leaned forward and with her tongue she slipped the head of is dick into her mouth. It looked like a balloon filling with water as his dick became hard in her mouth.

I was still hard and inside her dripping cunt and started to probe her again with my rod. It was starting to fell really good as I watched Tammy bob her head on Greg's dick and he was starting to thrust fucking her face.

Just then the front door to the trailer opened and in walked Dan.

"What the fuck are you guy's doin on my couch." Dan barked.

Greg jumped up and I leaned back. Dan walked over and looked down at the naked Tammy as my dick started to soften and I pulled out of her pussy.

"Who the fuck, is this bitch?" Dan demanded.

"She is not a bitch Dan!" Greg shot back.

"I don't care who she is I want to know why you guy's think you can use my trailer like it's your own whore house?" Dan barked again.

"Sorry man it just sort of happened." Greg replied obviously a little intimidated by his brother.

I stood up and started to slip on my shorts Tammy leaned forward and stood in her naked glory and faced Dan. For the first time Dan realized how beautiful Tammy was. All of the sudden the enraged Dan was humbled and you could almost see a lump in his throat. 

Greg got up and wrapped the towel back around him.

Tammy stepped forward looking in Dan's eyes. "It's my fault I am their slut and I will make this up to you." She said in a very sexy voice.

She was right in front of Dan now in her full naked glory with her stunning tan lines. She went down to her knees and reached up with both of her hands and grasped his hardening tool though his uniform pants. Dan was open mouthed looking down as Tammy put her teeth against his cock and squeezed it with her teeth through his pants. 

"Oh Damn." Was all Dan could say as Tammy started to unzip his trousers.

Dan looked at Greg and me and had a look of disbelief. This beautiful girl he had never seen before whom he just caught sucking his little brothers cock while his best friend was fucking her. Now here she was sucking his cock.

Tammy used both hands on his dick while his pants and underwear dropped to the floor. She bobbed her head up and down and pulled back to show him a trail of his pre-cum stringing from her open mouth to his dick. His eyes got wider as she dripped her spit on his tool and worked both of her hands around his dick sliding them back and forth while bobbing her head on his dick.

Greg looked over at me and I shrugged my shoulders at him. I sat back on the recliner. Greg kinda grinned and eased his relieved ass back down on the couch.

Tammy continued her enthusiastic attack on Dan's dick which was probably about 6 happy inches being deep throated and jacked off at the same time. 

Dan's head rolled back as his knees went forward and Tammy continued to suck like her life depended on it. 

Dan announced, "I am going to cum." In an out of breath gasp.

Tammy went forward forcing him all the way down her throat. With one hand on his leg she reached his balls with the other hand and lightly started a ball massage. 

"Oh damn I'm cumin, shit yeah!" He happily announced.

You could see Tammy pull her mouth back where only a couple of inches were in her mouth. She continued to manipulate his balls as she brought her other hand to his shaft and slid it back and forth pumping his load into her mouth.

"Oh damn!" Dan gasped as he slumped forward with Tammy's head know under his chest he laid his hands on her head and shook as Tammy sucked him dry.

Dan stood up and looked over at me sitting in his chair. "That's my seat." He said as he started moving backward while his dick came out of Tammy's mouth with a slight pop. 

He looked down at her in wonderment as I got out of his chair and he slipped down on to it. I moved over by the smiling Tammy as she was staring into Dan's eyes with no sign of the load she just swallowed anywhere.

Dan looked at Tammy and smiled he looked up at me and over to Greg. After a brief moment of silence."My casa is your casa!" He exclaimed with a smile.

We all cracked up and I reached down and grabbed Tammy's arm and she stood. With all of us staring at her she lit up and said, "I will have that shower now. You boys be good while I am gone."

She walked out of the room and I walked into the little kitchen area and pulled out a chair and sat down.

"Where did you punks find her?" Dan asked.

Greg looked at him and replied, "I just met her."

"No shit." Dan said with a chuckle.

I looked down at the lump in my pants and thought to myself. I still haven't come.

To be continued... 