 My name is Scott and this is the story of a very real female. I say female because she wasn’t a girl, nor was she a woman but I got to know her real well. First I need to give a little background.

I moved to Kansas when I was 14. I was used to being a new kid in school since this was my 5th move in 2 states in 9 years. I had learned that the easiest way for a boy to get along at a new school was to find some fairly popular guy and try and beat the shit out of him. That way I could by-pass some tough popular asshole from beating the crap out of me and at the same time not alienate myself from a more popular crowd.

Fortunately things in my new High School were going to be different. The first day in my first class I was seated next to Greg. He was one of the most popular and coolest guys in school. We learned that we only lived a couple of blocks from each other and within a couple of days we became best friends.

I enjoyed my High School years I had a couple of different girlfriends, lost my virginity my sophomore year. Had my own car that I bought with my own money, something my friends all respected since they had theirs bought for them. Life was good.

Greg and I had been hanging out constantly all of that time. Our senior year we picked up a third named James. We were together every night. Usually after we all got off work we would meet up drink a couple of beers smoke a little and go home sometime before dawn.

After graduation Greg went to another town to do some work for a friend of his Father. While there he met Tammy. Now Tammy was a very pretty girl standing about 5’6” tall, 115 pounds with sandy blonde hair. She had about a 36C bust and a nicely rounded ass. She was in track all through High School and every guy that saw her walk away from them appreciated that fact. 

On their first date Greg scored with Tammy and could not wait to tell us about it. After taking Tammy out Greg met James and I for the ceremonial beers and refer. He told us that they went to the Sonic and ate and started heading towards the theater. Tammy suggested they go to the lake instead. Once they got there they immediately started to make out. He said it was the easiest lay he ever had. He said she initiated everything. 

First she started rubbing his cock through his jeans. He said when that happened he immediately started to rub her breasts over her blouse. She then started to undo his jeans so he just sat back and let her. She pulled out his dick and locked her lips right on it. I don’t think Greg had ever had a good blow job before, actually I can’t say I had either up to that point but Greg’s description was definitely exciting. 

“Man she started sliding her hand up and down my shaft while she bobbed her head in the same rhythm.” Greg proudly announced.

Believe me, to three 18-year-old horny guys that was an exciting description. Anyway After a few minutes Tammy sat up and started taking off her own clothes. 

Greg said, “She stripped naked for me and I just watched. I think her body is a perfect 10.”

I looked at James and we shook our heads together. Looking at Greg we both said, “In your dreams!”

Then Greg said something that made James and mine mouths hit the dirt. He Said, “The pussy was shaven clean Man.”

James could not hold back. He then asked the dumbest question, “Did you fuck her?”

Now Greg and I looked at each other and cracked up.

“I was in that pussy so fast I must of set a record.” He replied.

I had to react to that one with, “You probably set a record when you came in 2 strokes”.

After we all laughed a bit and chugged some more Greg gave us a couple more of the juicy details. “I have never seen a girl get that wet. She moved her hips back and forth when she was on top of me. She even rubbed her own clit!” 

At this point James and I started really ragging on him hard. James started by simply saying, “Bullshit.”

The rest of the night All Greg would say was “No really man, I‘m not shit’n anybody.”

The next day was Saturday and Greg and I had the whole day off. Usually that meant we would go play some basketball or something but that day he had a different idea. 

“Scott lets go get Tammy you gotta meet her.” He said as we started driving out of town. Obviously he had already made the decision.

When we got to Tammy’s house she came out to the car before we even came to a full stop. I was stunned immediately. She had on a white halter-top and daisy duke shorts that were cut shorter than I had ever seen on a real woman.

“Who’s this stud?” Tammy said, as she actually slid through Greg’s window giving me a full cleavage shot.

“This is Scott and your ass is right in biting range.” Greg replied.

She twisted while bringing her ass down to the seat between us and now had her legs across Greg with her feet out of the window.

“Get me out of here before you start biting anything. My Dad is home and in a mood and I want to go.” Tammy stated in a matter of fact voice.

Greg had a ’78 Ford LTD with no AC but it would flat move and move we did. As we drove down the street Tammy laid the back of her head onto my lap and I swear she pushed on my dick on purpose. She pulled her feet in and bumped Greg’s face as she swung them to the floorboard and pulled her self up.

She leaned over and kissed Greg on the cheek and said, “Sorry Babe let me kiss it better.”

She then started to lick and nibble his ear with her hand curiously close to his crotch. I looked down at the shape of her ass as she was leaning towards him and the perfectly round outline was unbelievable. 

We drove to the store and I went in to buy some beer. When I came out Greg was sitting in the passenger seat Tammy was still in the middle but they were lip locked and all I could think of was, Shit. I mean who wants to be the third wheel right?

I started driving to the lake as they made out next to me. I thought for a second and asked, “Do you want me to let you two go alone?”

“Sorry Man.” Greg replied. “Do you want to drop Scott off?” He asked Tammy.

Tammy looked at me and said, “No Way! We’ll be good Scott and you won’t feel left out.” Then she honestly winked at me.

At the lake we got to our personal secluded party spot and backed in. We opened the trunk in order to here the stereo a little better and I got in the back seat and started to roll a joint. Tammy and Greg went down to the water and I could here them splashing the water and playing around.

I finished the joint and got out of the car and walked in back of the car to sit on the bumper. Greg looked up at me then turned to Tammy and said, “We better get up there or he’ll smoke that himself.”

I watched in awe as they came walking towards me. I was in awe because Tammy’s halter top was soaking wet and you could clearly see her fantastic, hard, dark and luscious nipples. I think I even blushed and looked down in order to not be caught starring.

After we had smoked the joint and were proceeding to down our first beer. Tammy looked down at her top and said, “Damn I should just be topless as much as I am showing here.”

Greg looked at me and grinned, “I told Scott they were perfect you ought to show him so he knows I wasn’t lying.” 

“What else did you tell him about me?” Tammy giggled as she lightly slapped her hand across Greg’s arm.

“Let’s just say we don’t have any secrets.” Greg answered.

“Fine then.” She retorted. She walked straight forward a couple of feet spun around lifted her hands behind her head. She pulled her knees together and sort of dipped down then she began to rise slowly.

“Do tee do tee do.” She sang in a stripper chant. She lowered her top and exposed her perfectly shaped 36C’s. Her skin was tanned but her globes were white. I think my mouth fell open.

“TA DA”. She spouts as she sort of curtsied and came right back to us and leaned down and kissed Greg.

“What else did you tell him?” she asked in a husky voice in his ear.

He laughed and looked in her eyes, “I said you were a perfect 10.”

She looked at me and straightened up as straight as possible. Her breast jetting forward with her perfectly shaped nipples looking me straight in the eye.

“Well Scott am I a 10?” She tilted her head as she spoke in a brazenly coy way.

“Your breasts are perfect Tammy,” I stated. “But breast don’t make the whole package.” I pointed out as I looked at Greg who just nodded his head at me.

I thought it was getting a little hot just then. Since it was Greg who had just met and fucked this girl I thought I would lighten things by walking away. I turned and started towards the beer, which was in the car and asked. “Who’s ready for another?”

Tammy looked at Greg and said, “Nobody has ever turned away from me before.”

Greg replied to me, “One more here dude.” Then he looked to Tammy, “I guess he needs more convincing before agreeing that you’re a 10.”

I got a couple of beers and thought to myself. I don’t know how far this will go but she is too hot to not push it to the limit.

I stepped out and walked back towards Tammy and Greg and was met with a sight I’ll never forget. Tammy had dropped her shorts and was standing with her hands on her hips starring at me. I mean completely naked without a hair on her body except for on her beautiful head. She was tan all over except for the bikini tan line, which In my opinion just highlighted the good parts. 

“Damn man your girls naked!” I sprayed out to Greg while I stopped in my tracks.

“Well, come on over here and finish ranking her.” Greg replied.

I walked on over and sat beside Greg on the car bumper and starred at Tammy. She stood there smiling at us and turned around and pushed her ass out towards us and shook it.

“Well Scott what am I?” She asked.

Greg poked me in the ribs and pointed at her ass, “She’s a 10 admit it.”

“She is definitely hot but I have to see everything in order to tell.” I said in a judging attitude.

“Tammy spun around and sharply asked, “What else is there?”

“A ten would have perfectly shaped lips. And I’m not talking about your mouth.” I replied with a grin and a wink at Tammy.

“Throw me the blanket Greg”. She directed as she pointed towards the trunk.

Greg pulled the blanket out and walked over to Tammy and spread it out on the ground. He grabbed Tammy’s hand and they both sat on the blanket. Greg looked at me and said. “You better come get a close look.”

As I walked over Tammy laid back keeping her knees up. She spread her legs and placed her hand over her pussy. She pulled her hand forward while her finger slipped in her obviously wet hole. I sat down as I watched her labia come into view and they were perfectly heart shaped. Next she ran her finger right over her clit which stuck out like a beautiful bud. She pulled her finger to her lips and sucked on its tip.

“Am I a 10 Scott?” she said with a very sexy gasp.

I had a lump in my throat and a pulsing hard-on in my shorts. I looked at Greg who was gazing down at her pussy. He looked at me, “What do you think?”

I grinned and said, “Well there is only 1 way to really tell.” I looked Tammy in the eye, “Taste test.”

Greg almost rolled forward laughing out loud. “Tammy we are both about to pop here.” He straightened up and looked at her, “You’re about to get fucked.”

Tammy replied, “Strip for me boys.” She put her finger backed in her hot snatch and Greg and I looked at each other and stood up.

I had never seen Greg naked before but I must admit he didn’t look bad He had a rock hard dick, which was probably about 6 inches long. My dick was larger closer to 8 inches but I am the taller too. Tammy sat up and grabbed my rod and sucked it down her throat. Sliding her hand over it then bobbing her head was quickly demonstrated. I knew then that I had never had a real blowjob before. Greg began to walk around her but she reached with her free hand and grabbed his pole and pulled him right beside me. She alternated sucking as both for a moment and I had never felt so turned on.

“Hey this is supposed to be a taste test of you not us”. I commented.

Tammy giggled and looked up at us and simply said, “OK”

She lay back on the blanket and I got between her legs. She was rubbing her clit again and I took her hand and moved it to the side. I pushed her legs back further and got my head up close. I could see a drop of her honey coming form her swollen pussy. I licked the drop and spread it with my tongue lightly over the outside of those beautiful lips. She moaned slightly as I looked up to see Greg had moved around and she was sucking his tool again.

I pushed my tongue in as deep as I could and pushed it up and pressed against the center of her lips and slowly tracing up to her clit. I stopped there and brought my lips down and sucked on her clit. Tammy started shaking right then. I pushed my finger palm up into her wet pussy. I rubbed the back wall on the ribbed backside on her G-spot while directly on the other side of her pussy my tongue was dancing around and on her clit. 

Tammy gasped out load as Greg’s dick came out of her mouth. She panted and gasped as she shook and came all over my face. I rose up and leaned forward on her and kissed her for the first time. She panted in my mouth and danced with my tongue.

I pushed her back and looked at Greg, “Come and fuck her man she is ready.”

Greg grinned and made is way between her legs. He stroked his dick up and down her slit as he teased her slowly.

“Please Greg, Fuck Me.” She demanded as she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him into her.

As Greg began to slip it back and forth I came up to Tammy’s head. She grabbed my cock and acted like she wanted to suck on it but I had other ideas.

I let her hold my rod while Greg had a good slow pace in her pussy. I reached forward and tickled her clit while I leaned down and whispered in her ear, “Does it feel good?” 

She moaned. 

“Do you like to fuck?” 

“Oh God Yes.” She barley spoke. 

“We want to fuck and suck and lick you until you scream for more,” I proclaimed.

“More please more!” She cried.

“You’re a 10,” I whispered again as I kissed and probed her ear with my tongue never breaking the rhythm on her clit. 

Greg picked up his pace as he brought his arms in and sat up on his knees he gripped her on the underside of her knees and pulled her legs back.

“Oh God I’m coming so hard!!!!” She announced.

I whispered in her ear again, “Cum on his hard cock, cum on my dancing finger cum for us you beautiful slut!”

She thrust and shook and moaned. Greg started to slow down and I pulled back my hand. Greg looked up at me. “I can’t believe I haven’t cum yet.” He announced.

Being I had pushed thing this far I decided to push it further. “Greg what we have here is our own little slut. True she is a 10 but no less a slut. If we don’t make her have outrageous orgasms and use her to our hearts content we will probably lose her.”

“I agree Scott what do you suggest.” Greg inquired like it was a scientific discovery.

Tammy was beginning to calm down and I had an idea that in my mind that would test her limits real quick. I stroked her face and asked, “Are you ready for more?”

“Take me guys I am all yours,” Was her immediate reply.

I moved over and lay on the blanket and grabbed Tammy to move her on top of me. She knew exactly what to do and climbed on to ride me. I positioned my cock at her pussy and slid in. She was so wet I had never thought a girl could get that way. I told her to sit up on me which she did. Greg was standing on her side and she began to suck him while bouncing on my cock. 

I Looked at Greg and said, “Get behind her buddy.”

Greg moved behind her and I pulled her down making sure her knees stayed up beside me and in place. “We are going to fuck you to our Hearts content.” I said as I peered directly in her eyes.

Greg had figured my plan and started to rub his finger on her exposed open hole. Neither of us had ever had anal before but he knew he had to go slow. She rocked back and forth on my tool while Greg went back to the car and came back with baby oil. Greg played with her ass. Soon he had a finger in her and I could feel it with my cock. Between Tammy’s ample juices and the baby oil Greg worked a second finger in.

Tammy began to moan again. I looked up at Greg, “She’s ready man.”

“Oh yeas I’m ready you guys.” She responded.

Greg put his dick to her ass and I held still. I could feel him pop inside her and they both moaned at the same time. He slowly pushed in and I could feel his cock rubbing into mine on the walls of her cunt and ass. Tammy and I began to rock as Greg started to slide back and forth. 

“Oh God, Oh God, Fuck Me You Guys Fuck, Fuck,” Tammy panted

“Oh hell this is awesome.” I announced.

We continued to rock and slide into Tammy and she kept moaning. “Yes, Yes Fuck, Yes!!

“I am going to cum,“ Greg announced.

“Damn, me too”, I replied.

“Oh God, Fuck Me, Fill Me, Do it, Do it!” Tammy cried

I felt Greg actually spasm and that was all it took. I shot my load and that triggered Tammy. Unloaded now We all shook and panted. Slowly we pulled out and lay on the blanket with Tammy in the middle. 

“Damn it is only about 2 in the afternoon,” Greg announced.

“James doesn’t get off work for another 4 hours,” I added.

“Who’s James?” Tammy asked with an almost scared tone.

Greg and I started laughing and he replied, “You’ll find out tonight.”

To be continued...