 Now, be warned. If you are offended by slut wife stories don't read this. If you don't like slut wife stories yet continue to read it and can't help but send anonymous comments, well I'm sorry to say, but you're a dickhead of the highest order.

Enjoy.


Mark Franklin presented himself to my practice on Wednesday the sixth of January with concerns about his wife Sharon's apparent loss of self control. Mr Franklin looked tired and was quite emotional as he explained the circumstances that led him to request that his wife receive some counselling. 

Mr Franklin is 38 years old and his wife Sharon is 34. They have no children and have recently moved to this area from Coolamein in the Riverina. Mr Franklin is a survey draftsperson for Goodwin/Murray Surveying and Mrs Franklin is the head teacher of mathematics at Gooralong High School.

With their permission I have used the audio recordings that were made during our sessions to write this story. The dialogue is exactly as it appears on the recordings and the descriptions of what happened during the interviews are based on my notes and recollections.

The interviews appear in the order they were made.  

John Sebastian: Psychologist.

Wednesday January 6th 2010, 6pm

Mr Franklin is slumping in the chair and a heavy air hangs over him. He looks tired and his eyes are slightly red, almost as though he had been crying moments earlier. I have offered him a coffee which he refused. His hair is greying slightly on the edges and a tinge of grey permeates his goatee. He is a tall thin man with a slight stoop but otherwise very handsome. He seemed physically uncomfortable as he sat on the seat and he leant to the left as he spoke.

"How can I help you," I asked.

He looked out the window to his left and inhaled sharply, steeling himself for what he needed to say. 

"Saturday night was the last straw. I thought that when we moved here it might change but I'm afraid it's just getting worse and I'm at a fucking loss to work out what to do."

"What happened on Saturday night?"

"She said she was going to the movies with the principal of the school Di Turner, and I thought that finally she has met someone sensible. It was some awful art movie that I had no interest in seeing so I stayed home. Our bedroom is right near the front of the house and the dog woke me with his barking at four o'clock.... four o'fucking clock in the morning, can you believe it?" It was a rhetoric question, he wasn't expecting an answer. After a brief pause he continued.

"There was a murmur of voices and then the slamming of a car door before it took off. I have a perfect view of the front door and I could hear her fumbling for her keys. And then she fucking walked into the house with not a stitch of clothes on," he held his hands out and followed once more with, "Can you believe it?

"She was completely naked. Her hair was a mess, her shoes were in her hand with her handbag, but everything else was gone. She stood smiling to herself as if she was on cloud nine. I sat up in bed and asked her where the hell she'd been and all she could do was just stand there and look at the floor. She threw her gear down, rested back on the door and began to rub her tits."

He clenched and unclenched his right fist as a wave of anger seemed to spill over him.

His voice was raised and his face reddened as he continued. "It's only taken her one month, one fucking month and she's back acting like a complete slut again. We had to leave Coolamein because of her behaviour and now here she is doing it all again, and do you know what?"

His eyes were beginning to water over again, in the minutes he'd been in the room he'd gone from despair to anger and back again.

"It's all my bloody fault," he said slowly, "I turned her into a slut.

"It was all my bloody idea! I was the one who encouraged her to go out and fuck other men. It was me, I fucking created this monster and I did it because I was too gutless to go out and shag the women I was interested in. 

"Does that even make sense to you? I wanted to fuck some of our friends but when the opportunity came for her to fuck one of her workmates I organised the whole fucking thing. Is that stupid? Once she did that, a week later I was around at a friend called Kathy's house and we were fucking each other senseless. I was too gutless to go first but I'd opened a can of worms and now...." He tapered off once more, lost in his own remorse.

For a moment he looked like he was about to cry but I wanted him to stay on track and reveal all that happened on the Saturday night.

"What happened on Saturday night? Did she tell you what went on?"

"Yeah she always tells me, Strange though it may seem it was always part of our agreement that we would be up-front about everything. 

"On Saturday night she went to the movies with Sue but on the way back to the car she went into the pub for a beer. We both like a drink but she can't really handle it and when she has too much, well she goes off. We've always known it but we agreed that when we moved here we would both stop our extramarital affairs. But its only one month man, one month is all it's taken for her to slip back into her old ways.

"She was well drunk the other night and I could smell the booze on her as soon as I got near her. She slid down the door and began rubbing her...

"You can be as explicit as you like."

"Began rubbing her cunt. I could see that her hair was all wet and sticky and her pussy was red and damp so I knew exactly what had happened.

"She'd been in a gangbang again. One fucking  month and she was already taking cocks from anyone and anybody. She'd met some miners that were staying at the pub and she ended up in their room fucking four of them. It's like she's got this alphabetic list and is trying to fuck one or more people from every profession.

"So this wasn't the first time it'd happened?" I asked.

He looked at me with a look of incomprehension. "The first time here in town it has been. Christ, she's been gangbanged heaps of times but not here." Almost as an aside he said, "Because of what happened back in Coolamein we said we'd stop."

I was intrigued to find the logic as to how this agreement had begun, " So how did all this start? Take me back to the beginning," I asked.

"Ok. She met a workmate who I knew she fancied and he was married with kids etc. As I said earlier, I wanted to move on Kathy and a few others so I introduced the notion that we begin having an open relationship."

"How did she respond?"

"At first she was reluctant but when I said she could have a fling with Julian she was as happy as a pig in shit." He looked out the window and in a whisper muttered "Maybe too happy."

"Julian is a workmate?"

"Yeah one of these despondent fuckers that she seems to like so much. She doesn't go in for the macho dominant types. She seems to really like the arty farty or the down and out types. He's an alright kind of bloke, pretty harmless, or I thought he was anyway. But as they say, you have to watch the quiet ones."

"When was there first meeting?"

"Umm, I was away at a conference and I told her to ask him over for something, I didn't have any idea what, but she told him, she said she had some lesson plans to go over or some bullshit. Anyway they fucked themselves senseless and although I was kind of angry, I was also as pleased as punch because now I had, in my mind anyway, some bizarre moral authority to be able to go off and do exactly the same thing with Kathy.

"The problem however was his wife, she was as suspicious as all fuck. She rang me up one day and began telling me about how she was concerned about Julian's and Sharon's relationship. I told her not to worry because there wasn't any interest on Sharon's part. I also told her that, just to make her feel safer, that I would always make sure that I was around when he was."

"How did that go?"

"She was fine, so much so that the next night she left him at the pub with Sharon and I and went home. That was a big mistake."

"What happened?"

"Well after a short while Sharon went home as well and I was left with him so I told him all about Maree calling me up," he chuckled slightly, "He was fucking mortified."

"He thought it was all going to be over. No more free fucks for old Julian. But I simply told him what I told Maree, that as long as she thought he was with me, everything would be sweet. With a nudge and wink he finally caught on."

"In what way," I asked.

"Well the way it was going to be organised was that he and I would meet at the pub, or pretend to play golf or go fishing together, when in reality we were off shagging."

"So this is when you and Julian first organised the swapping?"

"Yeah but it went all arse up because on that same night, Kathy rang me to tell me her mum was crook and she had to rush over to help." He threw his arms theatrically in the air. "No stray pussy for me that night."

"But you could have gone home to Sharon, couldn't you?"

Ignoring my question he kept on. "I decided that the three of us may as well get together for a few drinks anyway so we grabbed some more grog and some take away and went home. Sharon was as pleased as punch to see us both there and we all civilly sat about drinking and eating until about ten o'clock when the hooch came out and the music came on.

"Sharon began dancing around the lounge room and I said to her that she may as well do a strip because we'd both seen her naked." He spun the ring on his finger and smiled. "Fuck me man, but that was the hottest moment of our life.

"Within minutes she was naked and dancing around the lounge room and Julian and I were stripping off our gear and mauling her body.

"I know that earlier you said I could be as explicit as I liked," I nodded, "Is that still true?"

"I'm a sex therapist, I'm not offended by anything. As I said before, you can be as explicit as you like. Recalling the details may prove beneficial later."

"Ok, well here goes then...." He sat up and leant forward in the seat.

"She dropped to her knees and sucked both our cocks and I must say I was pleased to see that Julian's cock was only about two thirds the size of mine. That always cheers a bloke up doesn't it mate?"

This time I ignore his question and asked him to continue.

"She was doing a great job on our dicks, so good in fact that within a few minutes poor old Julian shot a load over her face. Funny thing though is that Sharon swallowed as much of it as she could. I'd never seen her do that before and she never did it for me. Although Kath does. Julian began pushing the globs of his cum that she hadn't caught around her face and into her mouth. Christ she was horny.

"We moved over to the lounge and I sat down and Sharon moved between my legs and began sucking and licking at my balls and cock. Julian was still hard and he knelt in behind her and began fucking her.

"That was it mate. That was when I first watched someone else's cock sliding into my missus."

"How did you feel about that?" I asked.

"To be honest, it was mixed. I was glad to see her enjoying herself so much but I was also kind of jealous, or angry or something that I can't really put my finger on. I was...shit it's hard to explain," he leant back into the chair and looked out the window.

"It was like I was weak. I kind of felt as though she was now out of my control. Which is crazy because I was the one that urged the behaviour on. It was like I'd lost half of her. 

"After a while she climbed up and mounted my cock and boy did that feel good. She was so wet it made a noise. She was pounding hard down on my cock and she was cumming almost all the time. Julian stood next to me on the lounge and she was sucking his dick about six inches away from my face.

"That was a touch unsettling. I noticed she still had some of his cum in her hair for god's sake.

"I was so turned on that I came in her pussy as she bounced on me. She just crawled off me and knelt on the lounge and Julian got in behind her and after commenting on how he liked sloppy seconds he thrust into her.

"That was when the darkness fell over me. I felt really guilty though. I still don't know why but after I'd cum I was really angry with them both. It was only momentary but it was really dark. Really dark."

"In what way?"

"Murderously dark. I wanted to kill them both. I was disgusted. I could hear and see my cum oozing out of her pussy as he fucked her and I was appalled. 

"How stupid is that?

"I can see how these things go wrong and people end up getting hurt. Lucky for them we have strong gun laws in Australia otherwise...

"How long would you say that those feelings lasted?"

"Less than a minute, that's all. Maybe less than 30 seconds but fuck it was strong. It was like the devil wanted me to top them both.

"What happened next?"

"I hopped up and got a drink and watched them for a while. 

"Soon enough Sharon smiled at me and called me over and began sucking my cock again. My darkness was long gone.  She was insatiable. I'd never seen anything like it before. She was beautiful in a scary kind of way. Slightly out of, but in control if you know what I mean.

"Explain that a bit more."

"She kind of had abandoned her inhibitions but she knew what was going on.

"She was running the show but felt free I suppose. For example Julian was playing with her arsehole and tried to slip his cock in. She flipped out and told him no way. He didn't try again. Not straight away anyway. Weeks later she did though. That night though she did so many things she'd never done before like catch my cum in her mouth and let it drool down onto her pussy and her tits and scoop his cum out of her pussy and lick her fingers, that sort of stuff. No doubt Julian had taught her a trick or two.

"That was pretty intense when we DP'd her. I'll let her tell you about that though.

"You can if you like."

"No. I'm not sure what changed her mind and why suddenly she decided to give anal a go but she did. I was too busy with Kathy and our regular threesomes to be bothered wondering as to why the change."

"So by regular you mean what exactly?" I asked.

"It was a regular activity on most Wednesday nights," he said and as if he knew I'd want more information he continued. "Julian and I played volleyball every Wednesday night and afterwards rather than go to the pub, we went home where Sharon would be waiting."

"Otherwise you were with Kathy and she was with Julian," I asked. "Is that right?"

"Or obviously we were together." he said.

"How was the sex when you were together?"

"It's amazing." he said smiling, "Honestly the things she does would blow even your mind. Like on Saturday night when she got home she sucked me off at the front door before I fucked her in the arse. In the morning I woke up to her shoving this big dildo into her cunt so I knelt next to her as she sucked me off and then I blew into her open slutty mouth. Does that sort of shit happen in your bedroom?"

I didn't answer, but I had to admit...it didn't.

-----


It has long been noticed by anthropologist that tall men are often attracted to shorter women and visa versa, a biological control mechanism that balances out the height of the offspring. In this case Sharon Franklin is only about 5' 4" or a good foot shorter than her husband Mark. She resembled a more petite version of Elaine from Seinfeld. Long dark hair, a pointed chin, but she had a way of looking you dead in the eyes that entranced even I, a seasoned professional. Unlike a number of my clients, Sharon Franklin looked after herself, her calves were tight from exercise, her stomach wasn't overly slim and she dressed like the professional that she is.

Mark Franklin described his wife as somewhat of a tease. He warned me that she could be outrageously flirtatious and had a way with men that mixed innocence with a raw sexuality that few could resist. Her demeanour at our first meeting though verged on the hostile. She wasn't at all responsive to my questioning and answered only with short sentences, some of which were simply small grunts.

I soon realised that Mrs Franklin's reluctance to speak may well be more related to her need for control than I had anticipated. It wasn't until I told her about her husband Mark's concern for her behaviour did her attitude change.

She smiled and shook her head but Mrs Franklin's demeanour became much more pleasant, the change in her behaviour was almost palpable. She sat upright and leant forward in an almost conspiratorial manner.

"Like everyone, I bet you think little old Marcus is the poor victim here don't you?" she said.

"I'm not here to pass judgement," I said.

"Well let me tell you something that even he doesn't know," she said leaning back in the chair. "Let me tell you exactly what my poor darling husband is like."

She smiled that wicked grin at me and began playing with the pearl necklace draped around her slim neck.

"My first gangbang wasn't my own you know, in fact it occurred nearly fifteen years before I had my first.

"I was still at university and my housemate and friend Carol was turning 21 so, as you do at uni, we organised a bit of a party.

"It was going to be a big night, huge. There was at least thirty people turning up and it became a party like no other that I'd ever been to. Carol had the idea of making it a theme night, and after much deliberation, and because we'd just finished studying ancient Rome, we decided on a good old toga party. Everyone's been to a toga party haven't they?"

I just shrugged and nodded for her to continue. I hadn't.

"If you saw a picture of Carol you wouldn't think she was such a wild child. Underneath her private school exterior, she was a bit of, well what some people would call, a slut.

"Carol was a really hot woman. She was thin, very thin, with long brown hair and breasts that were in perfect proportion to the rest of her body. She really could have become a model.

"Now you may find this hard to believe, considering all you've been told by Mark, but I was still a virgin and it wasn't because of some conservative, Christian lifestyle choice, I just hadn't met anyone that was in the slightest bit interesting," she held her left leg in the air and if I'd maintained my gaze I would have seen her underwear, "I haven't always looked this good you know. I used to be fairly chubby, not fat, just a bit chubby." 

Inadvertantly and without realising, I nodded. She smiled even more.

"I did meet someone that night though,' she said, "I met Mark."

"Mark and I chatted for what seemed like hours. Occassionally Carol would saunter over and sit on Mark's lap and whisper in his ear doing a bit of flirting and that, and he would respond by smacking her on the arse. He was a part of a group of lads that Carol invited from her old school days. At one stage I was watching Carol with two of her old school friends. They were tucked away in the corner of the room and as she was talking to them Carol, the sly fox, would quickly and quite surreptitiously slip her hand into their togas and give them a quick grope. At one stage the staggering Carol had one hand down each of their togas and her body language suggested that a good fucking was what she was after."

She looked out the window and smiled to herself, 
"About ten minutes later, she whispered into their ears and she wandered off to her bedroom with one of them. The other guy wandered over to his mates who all immediately hopped up, looked to see if anyone was looking, obviously they didn't see me, and tore down the hall to her room. The same guy came over to Mark and whispered in his ear also. Mark smiled, stood up, said he was going to the toilet but instead of turning left into the toilet, turned right into Carol's room. That was a total of six men in with a drunken Carol.
