 [The Slutress is a series of sexual encounters by Cynthia Haygood, the wife of Benjamin Haygood, a wealthy and influential political figure on the West Coast of the United States. This is Episode One, our first encounter with our Slutress.]

Cynthia was already running late as it was, but the blue lights in her rearview mirror told her she would be further delayed. She cussed silently as she pulled to the side of the deserted two lane road.

Two police officers walked toward her car, one stayed behind toward the trunk as the other came to the drivers side door, "May I see your license please ma'am?" asked the officer.

"Certainly officer, was I going that fast?" Cynthia reached for her purse, took out her wallet and handed the officer her license.

He looked it over as if trying to find an error, "Well Mrs. Bridges, yes you were, 20 miles over the speed limit in fact. Could you please step out of the car.?"

He opened to door for her as she got out. Cynthia knew her outfit would raise an eyebrow or two. After all, she had dressed for sex this evening. Her lover, Charles, a black man she had met in college, was waiting her arrival along with two of his friends. She had always had an insatiable appetite for sex and Charles was just the man to help her when the husband was away on business.

"Place your hands on the trunk ma'am," instructed the officer who had taken her license.

"What? Is that really necessary?" Cynthia asked indignantly.

"Just do as you are told Mrs. Bridges."

Cynthia flashed a glare to the other officer who she noticed was a well built black man, at least 6 feet tall and no less than 220 lbs. She placed her well manicured hands on the trunk of the Mercedes and waited for the inevitable body search. She just knew if she was a man they would have given her a ticket and she would have been on her way by now.

The black officer walked toward Cynthia and stopped at her side, "looks like she is dressed to impress tonight Jim," he commented.

"Yes indeed my friend, perhaps we should get a closer look." Jim walked up behind her and ran his hand down her back.

"What is this all about, just give me my ticket and let me get out of here already," Cynthia pleaded. But her body reacted deep within to the officers touch, after all, she had been fantasizing about this weekend for quite some time.

"I don't think you are in any position to tell us what to do Miss, now you be a good girl and you will be on your way soon enough. Or if you wish, you can resist and we will take you downtown and hold you for the evening."

Cynthia didn't like what that implied but them being the police and her a speeding citizen, she figured she should just play along and see what happens. She hoped they would just have a good feel and be satisfied. After all, she had three black men waiting to ravage her, or vice versa, and she didn't need to waste any time in a jail cell.

"How bout we see if she is hiding any weapons Anthony," Jim suggested.

"Sounds like a plan,"

Jim knelt behind Cynthia and with both hands grabbed her left ankle, sliding his fingers over her three inch heels and commenting on how sexy they looked, "I just love the way your calf muscles bulge in these shoes Mrs. Bridges." She wore no hose, only heels, a thin cotton sundress, black like the shoes, with no underwear or bra, just as Charles had instructed her to do.

Her skin tingled under the touches of Jim and the scent of Anthony was starting to effect her. She could feel her pussy starting to get wet and knew it wouldn't be long before they realized how turned on she really was.

Jim's hands moved higher, under the hem of her dress, to her thighs, squeezing and kneeding them.

A low moan escaped Cynthia's lips as her backed arched slightly, showing off the ass she keeps in shape with workouts three times a week.

"I think she wants a little more Jim," Anthony teased as he saw Cynthia's body language.

"Let's make sure," Jim moved his fingers to her pussy, "my god, she is soaked!" He informed Anthony with excitement.

Cynthia's knees buckled as the finger entered her wet pussy, moaning seductively, pushing back onto Jim's finger, "yessssss, please, give me more," she hissed. Her breaths had become shorter, yet deeper.

As Jim inserted a second finger, Cynthia reached toward Anthony and rubbed her palm against the bulge in his black polyester pants. Looking seductively into his eyes, she bit her bottom lip and tilted her head back, moaning as Jim slipped a third finger deep inside just one of the three holes she lived to have filled.

Jim grabbed a fist full of Cynthia's shoulder length black hair and pulled her toward him while pushing his hard crotch against her ass, careful not to let the three fingers flailing inside this hot woman's cunt slip out. She could feel the heat of his cock, even through the material that separated her juicy cunt from what she needed, craved, desired. Cock, that is what she had to have, hard dick. Jim leaned forward and whispered lustfully into her ear, "And just how much more do you need slut?"

She wasn't sure of the answer, she was insatiable, and wanted it all in every conceivable position and situation possible. "I need it all, sir." Cynthia replied as she ground her pussy harder onto his fingers.

Anthony moved between her and the car to begin pinching her nipples. She responded by massaging his semi hard cock with her hands. Jim relaxed the grip on her hair and she melted onto the chest of Anthony with Jim staying glued to her back, rubbing his hands up and down her sides and ass. She had two men in uniform surrounding her and she was loving every second. If only there were more she thought.

Cynthia's breathing was erratic now as she craved to be filled, "Please, I need to taste your cock," she purred as she bit at Anthony's shirt, playfully pulling but painfully wishing the polyester would tear. Her fingers worked on his belt as she continued her pleas, "I want to slip your black cock into my mouth so I can feel your shaft grow between my lips and run across my tongue." She worked his zipper down and began pulling at his pants.

At that moment she thought about where they were, on the side of the road, though somewhat deserted, there was always the chance someone would drive by, but if they didn't mind, she wasn't going to say anything.

She dropped to her knees at the sight of the officer's black cock, it was semi hard, hanging away from him then dropping straight down like a fishing rod when you are reeling in a big one, and this was definitely unsmalI. Cynthia had never been one to carry around a ruler, but his cock went from the middle part of her palm to her elbow. And he was every bit as thick as the woman's wrist.

"Look at her, like a thirsty dog to a bowl of water," Jim looked on in amusement as Cynthia grabbed the black cock in her hand and gazed at it with awe.

"I have never seen such a large and beautiful cock sir," Cynthia rubbed the length of his dick on her cheeks, forehead, neck and lips. It oozed heat from it's size. Nothing turned her on more than the feel of a large cock slowly growing in her hand and mouth, stretching her lips wider and crawling deeper into her throat.

"You like black things yes?" Jim asked.

Cynthia knelt before Anthony and bent her head back, seductively arching her back to give Jim a good view of her ass. She looked into the black man's eyes. Holding the now hard cock over her mouth, she breathed warmly on his tool, "yessssss, nothing turns me on more than a big black cock rubbing against my body, fucking my holes, and shooting its sperm deep within my stomach." Cynthia meant these as sincerely as she said them. Her voice husky with lust, her body language screaming to be taken and fucked.

"Then you'll love this," Jim said as Cynthia felt an object rubbing against her aroused pussy lips.

Cyntia held still, but unconcerned as long as the object was going to fuck her.

Anthony watched as Cynthia's eyes glazed over with lust when Jim inserted the black night stick into her pussy, letting the head tease just within her now dripping cunt. Both men watched as she bent her knees a bit more trying to push the stick further inside.

Her hand tightened its grip on the black cock beating her lips as Jim moved the stick a few inches deeper, slowly turning the stick like a screw. This sensation caused a low moan to escape Cynthia's lips right before she dove onto Anthony's gorgeous cock. Her tongue circled the rim, then teased the underside before heading to those golf ball size balls and sucking them into her mouth one at a time.

"Dayum baby, you look so sexy worshipping my cock on your knees," Anthony eyes were beginning to glaze as well.

"Not as sexy as a black cock makes me feel lover," Cynthia shoved his cock into her mouth. The warmth of his meat filled her mouth as she pushed further still, until her nose touched the top of his cock hair. She could feel the head of this humongous cock deep within her throat, her circulation momentarily cut off.

When she first began deep throating, the sensation of having the air circulation cut off was scary, but when she grew accustomed to the sensation and realized all one needs to do is lift their head a few inches, the battle is won.

Suddenly Jim began moving the stick slowly in and out, finally pushing it in till the handle stopped further penetration. She whimpered at the depth of his penetration but after a few strokes she was meeting the pace of the fucking she was receiving.

"Yes give it to me," Cynthia begged, "god yes fuck me fuck me pleeeeeeease."

Jim moved the stick in and out, then would push it deep, holding it there, then turning small circles within her. Cynthia could feel it pressing against her insides, stretching her pussy in ways it had never experienced before.

She dove onto Davids cock, enjoying his blackness sliding past her tongue, through the back of her mouth and down her throat. Her hips began swaying to the rhythm of the pounding she was receiving.

"That's it baby, suck my black dick like the whore you are," Anthony urged, "I know all white women crave what we can do for you." He grabbed her head and began forcing her mouth harder onto his cock. The slutty lipstick she had put on only an hour earlier was a mere memory now, the large black dick fucking her mouth was the cause, and she wouldn't have it any other way.

"Time for your cunt to have the real thing bitch," she felt the stick slowly taken out replaced by a warm cock that pushed in without introductions. Jim's balls came to rest against her clit as he held his cock inside. She could feel his cock pressing against the magical button her pussy held within.

Slowly Jim began moving his cock from side to side, then in small teasing circles, letting the head of his cock traced around the button she craved to have have stimulated deep within her.

Cynthia began to drown in the situation, she sucked hard on Anthony's cock as Jim slammed her from behind. Her grunts were muffled by the large dick in her mouth.

"You are one hot slut baby," Anthony said, "Perhaps you should speed more often." His cock was completely soaked from the mouth fucking he was receiving. Cynthia was able to take his whole cock now and was using this to great advantage. Suddenly Anthony's cock started to bulge and she knew he was close to cumming. She pulled her mouth off his cock.

"No baby, please, don't stop know, suck that cum out for me,"

"But I want you to fuck me with it"

"Don't worry about that you slut," He smiled warmly and giggled lightly, "this cock will load up all three holes when ever you want it."

At that moment, Cynthia knew she would be coming through this town more often after this evening.

"Mmmmm, then by all means sir," She dove back onto his cock and began to slowly stroke his shaft with her hand as she sucked furiously at his rim and head. "Cmon baby, give me something to drink, I am so thirsty, I need your cum, please Anthony, fill your lil slut's stomach and mouth with your liquid treasures."

Her body worked on Jim's cock as she felt an orgasm approaching, " ughh, uuhhuuhhh, mmmmm ... that's it, fuck me b-b-baby, I am going to cummmmmmmmmmm, AAAHHHHH, " Cynthia felt her orgasm spread through her like a wild fire through a forest, hot, intense. Her cunt grabbed and sucked on the cock who caused this reaction. Her moans vibrated Anthonys cock and sent him over the edge.

He grabbed the back of Cynthia's head and rammed his cock into her. "now babyyyyyyyyyyy, ahhhhhhhhh, mmmmmmm yeaaaaaaaaaa" The cum was not even tasted in her mouth because of the depth of his cock. His squirts went straight into her throat and began the coating of her insides.

Cynthia bucked and moaned uncontrollably. She felt so sexy, so slutty, so content, and so desired all at the same time. Anthony's cock pulsed as the last drops of sperm leaked into her mouth. She hungrily licked around his shaft, under his balls, careful to lap up all his cum.

"Look at this rich bitch let loose." Jim said.

Cynthia could feel Jim's thick cock streaming into her, feeling her pussy with a strangers cum. "Yea baby, that's it, give mamma all your cum."

He spanked her as the last tremors of her orgasm rippled throughout her body.

Suddenly Jim thrusted hard sending her crashing onto her stomach, her dress and face in the dust as he took out his cock and placed the head at her ass.

Cynthia would be pissed about him getting her so dirty but now all she wanted was to be fucked in the ass. "Yea baby, that's want I want, shove that nasty cop cock of yours up my whore ass, show me what happens to bad little girls who speed." She arched her back as her asshole begged to be fucked and her pussy looked as if it always was.

The cock went into her slowly. Jim obviously was concerned about hurting her. This realization made Cynthia want to please them even more, "Oh yesssssss, Jim, feed me your cock lover, deeper for me, please do me and make that ass yours." Cynthia was use to getting fucked in her ass, something Charles had turned her on to many moons ago. The sensation was like none other for her.

Anthony appeared and slapped his cock on the top of her head. Teasing her and taunting her. "Look at you, you nasty little bitch. Whimpering like a dog in heat and giving up your body for total strangers who have thrown you in the dirt and are using you for their lustful pleasures."

The cock in her ass was driving her wild but she wanted to feel the power of Anthony's cock.

"Yes I am a cock whore, and if you don't fuck me with that gorgeous cock of yours now I think I may self combust," she looked over her shoulder, "let me suck my pussy juice and ass of that cock for you lover."

Jim simply smiled and grabbed her head when she came into reach.

"On your back bitch," Jim ordered, pointing to the ground.

"Yes Sir," Cynthia immediately replied, throwing herself over and lifting her dress over her head. She dug her spiked heels into the dirt and lifted her hips, rotating them seductively while she fingered her opened ass and dripping cunt, "let me feel your power lover, please, give me that black cock."

"You want this bad don't you slut?" Jim grabbed his cock and began waving the monster around. Cynthia could not take her eyes off the dark totum pole.

"Oh yes, sooooooooo bad baby, you know I do, please," Cynthia was now whimpering and losing all self respect. She flung her arms out to the side and grabbed handfulls of dirt and dumping them over her body.

"You are a bad bad girl," Anthony giggled, "we better get going." The two men started walking to their clothes.

"NOOOO, no you cant do this!" Cynthia pleaded, "Please, give me some black dick." Cynthia scampered to her feet and ran to Anthony as he got to his car. She dropped to her knees and rubbed her hands on his still hard cock. God she loved that. "Please don't take it away from me without filling my pussy with your juices."

"You'll be coming back through after your weekend trip slut, just make sure you come during the second shift and we will find you." He paused and grabbed her hair, pulling her face into his crotch, "take a deep breath and think about this cock in your ass, and perhaps even a few of my friends."

The thought of a group of cocks had Cynthia's pussy oozing more cum. "As you wish sirs."

The two got in their car and drove off.

Cynthia wondered what she would tell her lover, perhaps the truth, he would be proud of his little rich slut. She giggled, slipped a finger inside her pussy, then sucked as she drove to Charles. After all, more cock awaited.

*** Stay tuned for the next chapter of "The Slutress" ***