 A story with it's central character inspired by bootgrrl. It's a fantasy she tells me she'd love to play out in realty one day.

Read it, and if you enjoy it then please vote. Also send feedback that you think could be relevant. 

Marisa found the pub easily. The place had been described to her by one of her internet connections who knew of her propensity towards sluttish behaviour. He had suggested that if ever she visited England on business, a short trip off the beaten tourist track might be in order. The pub was in a well known British army garrison town, a place frequented almost solely by paratroopers, their reputation as wild men was well earned and Marisa had reasoned that these men would be able to give her just what she loved most, hard cock and plenty of it.

Marisa's body almost hummed with sexual tension when she arrived at the front door of the building. She had gone to great lengths to prepare for this excursion and had dressed carefully and slowly in her central London hotel suite. Prior to dressing she had taken a long soak in a deep filled, scented bath and had paid minutely detailed attention to her body. She finished her preparations by applying creams and lotions to her soft, tanned skin, and the feeling of her smooth, fresh body under her fingers meant that the sexual tension was already on a slow burn in the pit of her stomach, long before she set foot on the train that would carry her to her destination.

Marisa made these preparations more for her own benefit than for the men she hoped would be using her later. As she bathed and pampered herself she could feel her body begin to respond to the promise of high sexual adventure. Her pussy clenched with anticipation and her clit throbbed gently each time she pictured the scene of debauchery she envisioned for her evening's entertainment. She knew that when she stepped across the threshold of the pub that she would be sweetly scented and perfectly made up, her clothing immaculate and with every tiny detail of her appearance taken care of. It was the transition from appearing perfectly poised and untouchable to becoming a cum drenched slut that excited Marisa the most. She adored the power she held over men when they ogled the deep valley of her cleavage, loved the way they became almost impossibly aroused by her overt sexual aura, and by their instinctive, animal reaction when she finally made it clear that she desired nothing more than to be fucked by them all.  

Marisa paused and took a deep breath just outside the door of the pub. She savoured the fluttery butterfly wings of nervous anticipation in her tummy before she pushed open the door to the pub and stepped confidently inside. The hubbub of male voices continued for several moments until Marisa's arrival was telegraphed around the room. One by one the men fell silent and turned to observe the unlikely stranger in their midst.

Marisa quickly scanned the room and noted that their ages ranged from about twenty up to forty, all were dressed casually, most wearing jeans and maroon t-shirt, and they all had either neatly, cropped hair or shaven heads. Marisa also saw that all the men were in good physical condition, no doubt due to the arduous, physically demanding job they did, and She nodded her head in silent approval as she quickly appraised their bodies.

Marisa smiled slyly and walked up to the bar. She positioned herself next to one of the older members of the group who was seated on a tall stool, his pint of beer on the stained bar top in front of him. She smiled brightly at the man and he gave her a smile in return.

'Stranger here then love?' he asked, meaning that if she were local then perhaps she wouldn't be in this particular pub.

'Yes,' replied Marisa. 'I'm over from the States on business, just thought I'd take a day off, look around a little, who knows, maybe find some adventure.' She gave the man a lingering, suggestive look.

'Well, I think you've made an impression on these lads,' he grinned and indicated the assembled men. 'You want to be careful though, if its adventure you're looking for these boys may give you an adventure you're perhaps not looking for.'

'Really?' Marisa brightened at the man's suggestive tone. 'What would they do? They look like a nice bunch of guys to me.'

'Well, we are,' the man responded. 'But the boys can get pretty wild, they forget their manners sometimes. I'm just warning you that's all. If you want to stay and have a drink let me get you one, but I just hope you're not easily shocked or offended.'

'Oh, I'm not easily shocked,' Marisa laughed easily. 'Perhaps I'll shock you!' she added, giving the man another smouldering look.

The hum of conversation grew up around the room again as the curiosity of Marisa's entrance died away. The men returned to their drinks and conversations, several of which were centred on the attractive stranger in their midst.

Marisa accepted a drink from the man who identified himself as Pete. He'd been in the army for twenty years and had two years left to serve before he took his pension and left for a quieter life. He told Marisa that he'd visited the US in the past, working with the Rangers and Special Forces, and he pointed out one or two photographs that hung on the walls of the pub. The walls were almost completely covered in photos, pictures and other memorabilia that the boys had collected over the years, as generations of Para's had used the pub as their watering hole. 

As Pete and Marisa chatted two of the men racked up the balls for a game of pool. The table was adjacent to the front door of the pub, not quite in the centre of the room but visible from almost every corner of the bar. One of the men broke and the game got underway. This was the perfect opportunity for Marisa to kick off her plan because as the game swiftly progressed to a conclusion it became apparent that the men were playing a strip variation of the game, with every ball sunk meaning that the opponent had to remove a piece of clothing.

'Hey, naked guys, I love it,' said Marisa when one of the players had peeled off his underwear.

Several of the men were gauging Marisa's reaction to the impromptu strip show. Little did they realise that they were all pawns in the bigger game Marisa had in mind, and that far from being shocked, the well dressed American lady was actually juicing madly between her thighs.

Marisa shifted her stance frequently as the men's bodies were revealed. Her vulva was aflame and Marisa knew that she would have to find some relief very soon as she tried to apply friction to her burning core. 

'Shall we have a little game?' she asked Pete.

'Yeah,' he laughed. 'I can just see you playing naked pool.' Pete had fallen into the common misapprehension that Marisa was untouchable. Marisa's neat, two piece business suit and immaculate appearance belied the fact that she was actually ripe for the plucking, and that she actually wanted all of the men naked. She was becoming more and more aroused and desperately wanted to have them paw at her body and give her all the stiff cock she craved.

'Sure, naked,' Marisa's voice was a throaty drawl and her eyelids drooped with lust.

Pete stared at Marisa; he didn't quite believe what he'd just heard. Did this woman actually realise what sort of hornet's nest she could disturb if she flaunted herself to these men? They would hold themselves in check to a certain degree, but alcohol, Para's and a nude woman were a volatile mix and there was no telling where this could end.

'Are you sure?' he responded as Marisa looked at him levelly, a challenging glint in her eye. 'It could get out of hand.'

'Oh honey, I sure do hope so,' Marisa replied. 'If you don't want to play I'm sure one of these boys will be happy to oblige.'

'I'll give you a game love,' a nearby man said. He had been close enough to overhear Marisa's words and was more than ready to take up the challenge.

'Be my guest Webster,' Pete said to the young guy who'd offered to play. 

Marisa smiled at Pete and then turned to Webster. 'You set up the balls honey, I'll break.'

The young man did as Marisa instructed and then stood back grinning from ear to ear as Marisa bent forward over the table. Her skirt tightened across her firm rump as she took aim with the cue, and she bounced her buttocks saucily as she bent, just to make sure that every eye was focussed upon her tempting derriere. She wanted to build up the arousal in the men so that when the moment came, they would be ready to thrust their stiff cocks into her body.

Marisa miss hit the shot on purpose and then pouted with feigned disappointment. 'Oops,' she smiled slyly before she ran the pink tip of her wet tongue over her painted lips and added, 'Your turn.'

Webster grinned and took aim. 'Good shot Webby,' one of the watching men called when a ball dropped into a pocket. Then an expectant hush fell over the bar as Marisa pulled her pinstripe suit jacket off and handed it to the grinning barman.

'Push the bolt across, Phil,' the barman said to one of the men near the door. 'I think I'll lock up for an hour or so.'

The man that the barman had addressed as Phil pushed the upper bolt across the door, effectively barring entrance to anyone else, then turned his attention back to the situation that was unfolding in front of him.

Marisa took another shot and this time succeeded in potting one of her balls. Webster grinned at her and pulled his t-shirt over his head. He revealed his tight, lightly muscled chest to Marisa's hungry stare. Her eyes roved over his body, soaking up the image of his tight torso, six pack stomach and long leanly muscled arms.

'Yum yum,' Marisa purred when she saw Webster's physique. 'You soldier boys sure are fit.'

Webster grinned and even flushed slightly pink at Marisa's words before he sank another ball.

'Well,' Marisa sighed. 'What shall I take off next?' She smiled at the expectant faces in front of her. 'I could take off my blouse, or... I could take off my skirt. I just can't decide.'

Marisa paused for a short time as she cunningly tweaked up the level of tension in the room. Then,she calmly unbuttoned the waistband of the skirt she was wearing and unzipped it. She pulled the skirt over her broad hips and, giving a little wriggle, pushed it down her stockinged legs. Marisa stepped out of the skirt and handed it to the barman. 

'Fucking hell,' Marisa heard one of the men whisper as she stood bare assed in front of the assembled audience. 'The dirty bitch isn't wearing knickers.'

Marisa smiled as the men realised that her plump, shaven pussy was on display. Their hungry stares made her stomach tumble She loved the effect she was having upon these paratroopers and she could feel her juice begin to trickle slowly down her inner thighs.

This time as Marisa leaned over the table and aimed her shot, she pushed her firm rump out so that her slick labia were framed by her thighs. She made a show of pushing her hips from side to side as she teased the guys watching behind her. She was growing more and more desperate to have her pussy stretched by the first of these men, and if someone didn't make a move on her soon then Marisa was going to be forced to accelerate the proceedings herself.

Her ball clunked into its pocket which meant that Webster now had to pull his jeans off, much to the delight of an increasingly hot Marisa.

'Wow, that's a big bulge in your shorts honey,' she said when Webster had removed his leggings. 'How about we call the game a draw?' she suggested and walked slowly towards the immobile Webster. 

As she walked slowly to Webster Marisa unbuttoned her blouse. She let the front of her unbuttoned blouse flap unchecked to give the men tantalising glimpses of her tanned torso as she moved in close and cupped his heavy package in the palm of her hand. When he offered neither resistance nor encouragement Marisa pulled the elastic waistband of Webster's underclothes out and pushed her hand inside.

'Wow, it's hot in there,' she whispered seductively into the man's ear. 'And you've got such a lovely thick cock too.' Marisa pulled the elastic low and scooped Webster's semi hard cock out from inside his underwear. 'What do you say lover?' Marisa continued in her quiet voice. 'How about you just stick that fat cock in my mouth?'

Webster could only blink at Marisa's words. He had been fine playing pool with the American woman, but now he was out of his depth. He found the prospect of having Marisa sucking his cock in front of all his mates very intimidating and was at a loss for what to do.

'Go on Webby,' a voice called out. 'Let her suck your cock.'

'Or let her suck mine instead,' another man added, less shy than the reluctant Webster.

Marisa looked at the man who had made the last comment. 'I'll suck all of your dicks boys,' she smiled and added, 'I'll fuck every one of you that wants to as well.' 

'Come and get it then babe,' the man responded. He unzipped his jeans and waved his thick cock at Marisa.

Marisa left the half nude Webster with his cock still dangling in front of him and walked towards her new admirer. She took hold of his thick stalk and began to stroke it slowly. As she stroked him the man pulled Marisa's blouse from her shoulders. He then reached around Marisa and unclipped her bra, allowing her tender breasts to fall free. 

'Oh God, I'm so fucking horny,' Marisa said in a low, throaty voice. 'I want all you boys to use me, please just use me, I'm all yours.'

She dropped to squat on her haunches in front of her new friend and lifted his stiff length up to her mouth. She wrapped her delicately painted lips around the head of the cock and began to suck gently. As Marisa sucked at the man some of his bolder companions moved closer and soon Marisa felt their hands touching her soft, fragrant skin.

'That's it boys, don't be shy,' Marisa said confidently when she felt the men pawing at her body. She had been a little apprehensive for a moment when Webster hadn't been too eager to play the game. She'd thought that the whole plan was going to go down the tubes and that no one would be brave enough to accept her lewd invitation. Thankfully one of the guys had been sparked into action, and it seemed that his boldness had opened the floodgates.

'Come on lads,' one man called out. 'She's fucking gagging for it.'

Marisa licked at the cock she held in her hand with loud slurping noises. She was vociferous whenever she let the thick stalk spring from between her lips, and she told the excited men exactly what she required from them.

'I want all your cocks,' she said loudly. 'I want to suck you all; I want you all to fuck me, cum on me. I want you to use me as your fuck toy, stick your big, thick cocks into me... please.'

'Fucking hell she's a nympho,' one of the paratroopers said to his neighbour as they hurriedly stripped.

'Yeah... fucking great isn't it,' the man replied.

Soon Marisa found herself surrounded by naked men. Now she had a choice of cocks and was busy with three of them at once as they waggled heavily in front of her face. She had sucked each one briefly in turn several times over when she felt strong arms lifting her to her feet.

'Let's get you on the table,' said a hugely muscled man from the mortar platoon as he lifted Marisa effortlessly. He carried her across the floor and laid her on top of the hard pool table. Marisa sighed as the man spread her legs wide and slurped at her dripping vulva greedily. He held Marisa's labia wide open with his calloused fingers and tongued deep into her pink core.

'Lick my cunt... oh yes, lick me... I fucking love it.' Marisa's words were cut short by a thick cock as its owner pushed himself against Marisa's mouth. She opened her mouth to accommodate the probing penis and suddenly found three more vying for her attention.

Marisa slurped and slobbered at each of the cocks in turn, which was no easy task from her supine position on the tabletop. Her face was soon smeared with the pre cum that leaked from the insistent pricks being shoved at her. There was a trail of syrupy goo over her forehead and cheeks as the men came at her from every angle they could manage. There were men gathered around all sides of the table now, most of them stroking their cocks into life and just waiting their turn at Marisa's mouth.

'I just love sucking cock,' Marisa sighed as she paused for air. 'Feed me those cocks... come on, let me taste them all.'

Marisa groaned with delight when the man licking her dripping sex stood and introduced the blunt head of his penis to her opening. He shoved against the obstruction of Marisa's labia and slid easily inside once he was past that tender barrier. He held Marisa's legs by her ankles as he split her sex with the length of his thrusting cock. As the man pulled his shaft partially clear of Marisa's sex her labia clung wetly to the girth of his cock as though reluctant to release it. The exposed stalk of the penis that was was slick with Marisa's excitement, and glistened wetly before the man shoved his length into Marisa's body once again.

The man grunted and closed his eyes when he felt the tight tunnel of Marisa's cunt clench against his intrusion. He pushed her legs back so that they were bent at the knees as he fucked into her, and then climbed up onto the pool table to rest his knees on the green baize covering. He used the ridge of the cushion at the edge of the table as a support upon which to gain leverage for his thrusting as he pounded Marisa brutally with his length.

As the American slut sucked at the cocks that were presented from every direction the man began to fuck her with more force and power and his clenching buttocks rose and fell rapidly as he slammed his weight into Marisa's burning cunt. The big muscles in his arms bulged and stretched with the strain of holding himself over Marisa's smooth tanned body, but the man persisted in pumping vigorously into her and soon felt his orgasm tingling along the core of his cock. 

It only took a few more frantic thrusts before the man felt his seed surge hotly through his cock and he clenched his teeth fiercely as he fought back his inevitable climax. 'Shit,' he groaned loudly as the first hot jets burst inside Marisa's body. 

'Ooh, baby, do it,' Marisa squealed when she felt the sudden liquid heat splash against her womb. 'The first one... you're the first one. I want more of you to come inside me, but God, you're the first, and it feels so good'

The heaving man moaned loudly as his prick gushed the final spurts deep inside Marisa. He pulled his shaft out of the wanton slut beneath him and stood to one side. As soon as he had pulled his gooey cock from Marisa another man took his place. The second man slid in easily, the path well lubricated by cum. Marisa's cunt squelched obscenely with displaced semen as this man began to pump his cock into her, and thick, creamy goo leaked from her well filled hole. The white cream collected thickly around the root of the man's cock as he pumped, with Marisa continuing to suck on each cock that was presented to her face as she fucked. 

It was Pete who was the first to deliver a load onto Marisa's pretty face. He had been one of the first to stuff his prick into Marisa's mouth. The sensation of her snaking tongue on the underside of his shaft was too much for Pete and he pulled his cock from her and tugged frantically at himself to tease the cum from his cock.

'Yes baby, that's good,' Marisa cried with delight as Pete's spunk spattered onto her cheeks. 'Mmm,' she sighed, 'Let me taste your cum, spit it in my mouth honey.' Marisa opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out as Pete aimed his cock at her face. Thick gobs of his semen landed on the curve of Marisa's tongue and the woman swallowed enthusiastically as the viscous gloop spurted from the eye of Pete's fat cock.
