 When you make a ton of money before you turn thirty, you can pretty much spend the rest of your life doing whatever you want. I didn't know what that would be until my wife, Marcia, and I had a wilder night of sex than I could have imagined. This is the story of what happened and how I found my new "career". 

My name is John. I had just sold my startup company. The hours had been long with a lot of travel, which didn't leave me a lot of time with Marcia. When we sold the company, I got an eight figure payout that set me for life at the age of twenty six. We already owned a nice house on a few acres just outside the city, set back from the road and surrounded by woods. Marcia loved it because she could sun bathe naked without worrying if anyone could see her.

She was eighteen when we got married, almost a years before the big night. Like a lot of newlyweds, we had a great sex life. She didn't care whether its pussy, mouth, or hand job, she loved sex. Her first orgasm would come after a few minutes and last as long as five minutes. After that, she'd have one every few minutes as long as I kept fucking her. I've never heard of a woman who could cum that often, or that fast. 

Marcia's an inch short of five feet and only weighs a hundred pounds. She's very pretty with girlish features and dark brown hair she wears past her shoulders. She has petite figure, small breasts, narrow waist, and a cute, tight ass. All of that means that she can pass for a young teen or a young adult depending on how she does her makeup. She also shaves her pussy, so when she's naked she looks very young.

When we met, she was an eighteen year old virgin. I suspect guys were afraid she was too young, but it could have because she's so small. Whatever the reason, she always felt like she'd missed out on sex before we got married.

It started on a Thursday, or so I thought. Marcia called me at the office, and after the usual small talk, said, "I got a real scare today."

"What happened?"

"I was driving home down a one-way street in a black neighborhood. This van ran a stop sign in front of me and I had to slam on the brakes and swerved to keep from hitting it. The nigger driving the van just looked at me and smirked while he drove through the intersection. Well, you know me, I got pissed off. I followed him, honking my horn and waving out the window to give him the finger."

She paused, so I said, "And then ...?"

"Well, he stopped in the street between at a spot where there were cars parked on both sides got out of the van. So I stopped and got out and yelling at him, telling him he was a stupid fucking nigger and he drove like it."

That was Marcia's big "mistake". She has a bad temper, she doesn't control it, and that gets her into trouble. She says whatever pops into her head in the heat of anger, including the word "nigger" if she's angry at someone who's black. For most of her life, she got away with it because she's cute and young looking, but not this time. 

"What did he do?" 

"He took a few steps toward me and told me to watch my language. I said, why, are you too stupid to know you're a dumb fucking nigger? So he yelled back that I was a stupid little white bitch who shouldn't even be driving. I told him to go fuck himself with his tiny nigger dick. He said, If I called him "nigger" one more time, he would shove his black cock up my cunt and show her 'tiny'. So I yelled back that his nigger dick was probably too small for me to notice it."

Marcia took a deep breath. "I didn't know there were more niggers in the car because of that stupid tinting niggers put on their cars. The nigger started walking toward me while five other niggers got out of the van. I got back in the car, hit the gas, and almost hit him getting away."

She took another deep breath. "They followed me until I saw a police car in a parking lot pulled in next to it."

I was quiet for a minute, thinking about how she could have gotten hurt badly. "How many times do I have to warn you about your temper? And you know you shouldn't even think the word 'nigger'. Do you have any idea how pissed off you made them?"

"You're right. But I did get away."

By this time she had calmed down and we talked about our plans for the weekend. 

It was almost our first anniversary, and Marcia decided it was time to have our first baby. She'd talked to her doctor and studied pregnancy on the internet to learn the best time and way to get pregnant. She had been off the pill for a month and was using a program to track her cycle. According to the software, tonight would start a three day fertility period. She told me to plan on fucking her every day to make sure she got pregnant. 

The bad news was she would only let me fuck her during her three day fertile period because she wanted me to have plenty of sperm. I knew that was crap, and three days out of thirty isn't much sex, but she insisted.

Then she surprised me. She said, "If those niggers had caught me I'd already have a black baby in me. You know what they would have done with me."

It was a turn on to think about a bunch of guys gangbanging her, but gang rape was a different matter. "There's no telling how bad you'd have been hurt. If they raped you, they'd probably have killed you after to keep you from going to the police. I could be spending tonight at the morgue."

"Then I guess if it happens, I'll have to make sure it's not rape."

That was a turn on, but I wasn't going to tell her. I told her I loved her and I'd be home by seven.

When I got home, Marcia was naked in bed watching a porn movie on the bedroom TV. She enjoyed watching porn videos, gangbang videos, so I had a large library. Her legs spread wide apart, she was working a huge black, vibrating dildo in and out of her pussy.

She said, "I was so horny I started early."

I looked at the TV and said, "So you're watching a movie about a bunch of black guys gangbanging a little white girl? I guess you did get turned on this afternoon."

After I took my clothes off, I got in bed with her. My dick was rock hard. "Are you ready to swap your toy dick for a real dick?"

"Not yet. We have to wait for 7:00 because that's the exact right time. I don't want to waste your sperm by starting early. Let's keep watching the porn." 

I sat on the bed and she lay back against me. She said, "It turns me on when you watch me use the black dildo. It's like you're watch a nigger fuck me."

I got excited when she said that, because watching her fuck other guys had always been one of my fantasies. I'd dropped some hints, but I'd never said it outright because I thought she might get angry. On the other hand, we had watched dozens of gangbang videos and she was always horny as hell afterward. 

In the movie, ten black guys were gangbanging a petite white woman while her husband watched. One guy was fucking her pussy, one up her ass, one in her mouth and one in each hand while a sixth black guy jacked off on the woman's face. I played with her nipples while Marcia fucked herself with the black dildo with her eyes glued to the TV. She had a huge orgasm at the same time as the rest of the black guys in the video came all over the woman's face, hair and boobs.

I started the second video, this one with 15 black guys gangbanging a petite, dark haired woman with small boobs. Marcia said, "If those niggers had caught me today, this is what they would have done with me."

"Probably," I said, and watched the movie imagining it was Marcia on the screen. 

She was fucking herself with the dildo again, and I knew she was imagining the same thing, probably with the black guys in the van. Then she said, "Their nigger dicks would have felt a lot better than this black dildo."

I was excited to hear her talking like this, and decided to find out how far she'd go. "I'm sure their dicks would have felt a hell of a lot better than a dildo. You'd have really enjoyed that. Maybe next time you shouldn't try so hard to get away."

"Next time maybe I won't try to get away." She was quiet for a little bit, and we watched the woman in the video get triple penetrated by black dicks. "How would you feel if I did something like this? Fucking and sucking a bunch of niggers? Would you be mad and divorce me?"

Well, this was the moment of truth. What was I going to do? Should I tell her I have fantasies about her gangbanging other guys all the time? Or should I lie and tell her I'd be furious and I'd divorce her? I was so horny I decided to tell her the truth and see what happened.

I reached down between her legs and started rubbing her clit. On the TV, the woman was taking care of five black guys. Her husband was telling them to fill his wife's pussy, ass, and mouth with cum. I said, "I wouldn't be angry or divorce you. I know you've never had sex with anyone else. I guess maybe it's unfair when I've had other women. Maybe you should have sex with other men, have some experiences while you're still young. Later, when we're older, I think it will be good for you to have those memories."

She was quiet for a few minutes thinking about that. "Would you do something like that? I mean, would you set up a gangbang for me? How would you set it up?""

"To be honest, I get really turned on thinking about other men fucking you, filling and covering you with cum. I've got fantasies of crowds of guys fuck you. Large crowds. I'd set up gangbangs for you as often as you could handle them. I'd even give them rules about how to fuck you, and have contests for them to think of different ways and scenes."

I paused and she sighed. This was going to work out fine. "I wouldn't get mad over you fucking other guys. I think it would be good for you."

Marcia had an orgasm while the crowd of black guys In the movie finished fucking the girl and were cumming on her face. I could feel her relax. "John, I have so wanted sex with other guys but I was afraid to tell you. I have fantasies about crowds of men gangbanging me, fucking me over and over and over again, and filling me with sperm. Crowds of niggers. Filling me with sperm and getting me pregnant." She was quiet for a few minutes, slowly moved the dildo in and out while I played with her clit and we watched the black guys cum on the woman in the video. "I have this craving for sex other guys and I have all sorts of fantasies of being gang fucked and it's always a fantasy about gang fucking with niggers."

I knew she had a fantasy about big black dicks when she picked out a realistic black vibrating dildo that was nine inches long and almost two in diameter. Her hand didn't even go all the way around it. I hadn't known that the fantasy involved gangbangs. 

She went on, "But I want you there, helping. I get horny thinking about you forcing me to be a gang fuck slut for a crowd of niggers. That's the fantasy I have when I'm alone with my dildo. I want you to force me to gangbang them. I want you to watch them fill my pussy with their sperm and cum in me and all over me. Would you like that, John?"

"I'd like that. It would really turn me on to force you to gang fuck black guys while I watch. I'll force you fuck and suck huge crowds black guys. The more black guys there are, the better I'd like it. I'll make you beg them to fuck you and fill you with sperm. I'll make you to beg them to fuck your mouth and cum on your face. I'll make you to fuck and suck so many black guys that you're completely covered by their cum." I started rubbing her clit faster. "If you love me you'll let me force you to fuck and suck all the black dicks you can find. I won't take no for an answer. And if I don't think you're fucking enough black guys, if I don't think you're getting enough black cum in your pussy, I'll find more black guys to fuck you." 

While I was talking, she had the most intense, longest orgasm she'd ever had. She screamed, "I want nigger cock! I want lots of nigger cocks in me every day! I want to be full of nigger cum! I want you to make me fuck niggers! I want you to watch them gang fuck me!"

I was having a hard time not cumming, and when her orgasm ended, I said, "I'm ready now."

Marcia caught her breath, then looked at the clock. "No. We have to wait until 7:00. I want all your sperm in me then. That's the best time for me to get pregnant."

I had ten minutes to go, so I had to get my dick away from her if I was going to last. I leaned her forward so my dick wasn't against her back and stood up. Marcia pushed the dildo in and began fingering her clit as she started another orgasm. I looked at her lying with her eyes closed, legs spread, the big black dildo vibrating in her pussy while she rapidly rubbed her clit with one hand and her nipples with the other, and a happy smile as she trembled from another orgasm. She gasped, "Lots and lots of nigger dicks".

Just as I was about to lie down beside her, hands grabbed my arms. 

I was too shocked to yell or struggle as a crowd of black men walked into our bedroom. Ten black men gathered around the bed, watching Marcia's orgasm. Two more holding my arms meant there were a dozen men staring at Marcia's naked body while she panted from the orgasm. Her eyes closed, she didn't know she had an audience.

When Marcia's orgasm ended, the biggest black guy, standing at the end of our bed, said, "Looks like this is your lucky day, little white slut!" 

Marcia eyes snapped wide open and she turned pale. She lay with her legs spread wide apart, the black dildo vibrating deep in her pussy, panting from a huge orgasm. Looking around at the black men in the room, then back at the one at the end of our bed, she gasped, "Oh my God. You're the guy from the van." 

The guy looked at the TV where the video showed five black guys fucking one woman. He turned to Marcia. "You gonna have a lot more fun than she did." 

The black guys filling our bedroom all seemed huge. Marcia hadn't gotten away from the van today, they had followed her home and now they were going to get payback. The two holding my arms twisted them behind my back as eight more black men walked into our bedroom door and stood around the bed looking down at my wife. 

I struggled but it was no use, they were as strong as I was. Besides, what could I do to stop the crowd of big black guys filling the room. They had complete control. They could do whatever they wanted and there was nothing I could do to stop them. I was helpless, and I looked at my wife lying naked on the bed and knew what was coming. Marcia looked at me, her orgasm ending with the black dildo vibrating in her pussy. The look she gave me was a mix of fear and excitement added to the glow from her orgasm. 

The black man who'd been doing all the talking said, "Yeah, slut. I'm the guy who was driving. Remember? You said you didn't think you'd notice my nigger dick in you. Remember that? 'Cause you're 'bout to find out if you were right." 

He looked around the room with a great big grin on his face, and then looked at Marcia. "We been standing in the hall listening. Now we're gonna give you what you said you wanted. It's almost seven o'clock. I don't think this little slut's gonna be worrying about not getting enough sperm in her cunt." 

Two of the men pulled her legs straight out from her hips. One said, "Looks like there's something in the way, Damone".

The driver, Damone, knelt on the bed in front of Marcia's dildo filled pussy. He grabbed the end of the dildo and pulled it out until the tip was visible, then slowly pushed it back in. "Shit, Marcia, you were only using eight inches on an eighteen inch dildo. You're in for a surprise tonight." 

He slowly pushed the black dildo in and out of her pussy while she whimpered. He looked in her eyes and said, "You love big black things fucking your cunt, slut?"

Marcia looked at me and bit her lip. Damone wriggled the dildo and asked again, "I said, do you love big black things fucking your cunt, you little white slut?"

Marcia closed her eyes and said, "Yes. Oh God, yes!"

He was so big that his hand covered both her pussy and ass as he moved the dildo in and out of her. When she started lifting her hips to match the dildo fucking her, the men let go of her legs. She kept them spread as wide as she could and started trembling from another orgasm.

Another black guy brought in brought a chair in from the kitchen while some others walked in with pillows from our spare bedrooms. They put a folded a pillow from the bed on the chair then forced me onto it with my ass on the edge of the seat. They took neckties from the closet tied my hands behind my back and my legs to the front chair legs, leaving my dick completely exposed. One of them looked at me and nodded his head to the TV and said, "Get ready to see one of those gangbangs up close and personal."

Two of them picked up the chair and adjusted it so I was beside the end of our bed. One of them said, "Lucky guy! You get to watch from the best seat in the house!"

While Damone fucked Marcia with the dildo, the rest of the black guys took off their clothes. As each guy was naked, he'd hold his stiff dick and taunt us. "Nine inches of nigger for you, slut!" "Ten inches for your slut wife!" "Eleven inches for your cunt, Marcia!" "Think you'll notice this nigger cock, bitch?" "Hey, white boy, think she'll want you after all this nigger cock?"

None of them was smaller than eight inches, which meant they were all at least a little bigger than I am. I've got a good sized dick, but their dicks were all like something from a porn movie.

Damone said, "Put some pillows under the slut." Two of the blacks picked her up while another stacked the rest of our pillows under Marcia's ass, raising her pussy about a foot above the bed.

Damone stepped off our bed but left the dildo pushed deep in Marcia's pussy. I counted twenty big black men standing around our bed slowly stroking their long, hard dicks. They reached down and started fondling her. Some of them climbed on the bed and began rubbing her with their dicks, her legs, body, face, breasts, anywhere they could get to, but they always stayed out of the way so I'd have a clear view of what they were doing to her. A few kissed her nipples or licked her clit, then stepped back to let one of the others have a turn. All the while, they were talking to her, "You want this nigger cock?" "You love nigger cock, don't you?" "Want me to cum your cunt?" "Gonna make you beg for my cum on your face, slut." "You're gonna drink nigger cum tonight, Marcia."

Marcia looked like a doll surrounded by giants. A naked black guy with a huge dick was pumping the huge dildo in her pussy while more naked black guys were playing with her body, teasing her, kissing her, sucking her tits, licking her clit, rubbing their big hard black dicks all over her face and body.

My wife's nipples were as hard as I'd ever seen them.

Damone pushed the dildo deep into Marcia's pussy, held up his hard dick, and looked at me. "Twelve inches of nigger cock for your loud mouthed slut wife."

The size of Damone's dick shocked me. I believed him when he said it was 12 inches long and the huge thing had to be at least four inches in diameter. I have to admit, thinking about that huge, black dick fucking Marcia made my dick start getting hard. Damone lifted his dick up and put a hand under his huge black balls. "Full of nigger sperm for your little slut wife."

Marcia stared at Damone's huge dick and balls and began to tremble from an orgasm. 

"That's right, slut. This is a nigger cock. White boys have little dicks, niggers have big cocks. Sluts love big cocks and you're a slut. Right, slut?"

Marcia stared at his huge black dick and gigantic black balls, breathing heavy listening to him. She knew he was going to fuck her and fill her with sperm. Her face was flushed and her nipples were hard. I realized that Marcia really did want to be gangbanged by twenty black guys, and she really did want them to get her pregnant. 
