 Author's note:

Thank you so much Angel Love for editing once again.

It goes without saying this story is pure fiction. It was inspired by the FIFA World Cup and the unparalleled excitement brought to my friends, my place of work, the city I live in and of course to Brock Leigh, who I hope doesn't mind that I made him the bottom instead of the top. 

*

Brock Leigh and David Beckham had more in common than just soccer. They both ate pussy like champions, aimed their cum below the equator and always slept in the wet spot. 

It only made sense that she would choose these two perfectly polite and handsome men to fulfill one of her dirtiest fantasies. 

Both men had their own appeal and personality. Brock was tall, dark, handsome and kind. 

David was close to Brock's height but lighter in colour and although sexy as a man could be, lacked Brock's warmth. Nonetheless, she found him just as fuckable.

On a damp Sunday evening the stage was set. Her toys were within reach as well as soft towels and all the "slippery stuff" they would need.

Freshly showered and shaved, the threesome sat awkwardly in her living room each holding a glass of her favorite Lindemans Shiraz. Mundane topics such as the weather and latest CNN headlines were discussed and used to fill awkward silences. 

She had pictured this moment over and over again and wondered how it would start. Who would make the first move? She wondered if she should back out or if Brock would sense her fear and be the first to leave.

Her questions were answered as Brock walked over to where she sat, took her hand in his and told her if she had any concerns, it was all right to change her mind. His soothing tones alleviated her fear and she answered him by reaching to his thigh and slowly stroking small circles just above his knee. 

David, viewing this tender scene took this as his cue and advanced towards the couple sitting across from him. He moved the coffee table that sat in front of her couch far enough away to leave the threesome room to play. Taking his place beside her, David took her hand and brought it to his crotch. She blushed with embarrassment and drew away emitting a shy laugh. 

Turning her head to Brock for comfort she was met with his long, slim fingers gently stroking the back of her neck. His touched soothed and comforted her, slowing her skipping heartbeat. Their lips met and the warmth of his tongue dancing with hers blocked out sound and light. 

They kissed passionately and deeply, fucking each other with their tongues forgetting for a moment David sat by them. Soft groans emanated from their mouths as they briefly broke away from each other to draw air. Small bite marks inside her bottom lip stung and burned but were nothing in comparison to the flush of sex heating and dotting her neck, shoulders and chest. 

Both soccer players had seen her redden like this before and knew it was a clear sign her body was becoming ready. David leaned in closer and began to stroke her thigh. She met his touch by parting her legs thus inferring permission for him to join them. 

Brock's tongue wound its way from her mouth down her neck to her collarbone and up and around the small indentation just below her earlobe that wore a small, silver hoop. She jumped slightly at the erotic feeling of his wet tongue on her skin and reacting to the touch she dropped her head to the left letting Brock know he was in the right spot. 

As Brock continued, David stroked his hand gently on her leg beginning at her knee and always ending up mid thigh. His free hand reached for her and turned her face to him, inferring the need to kiss. She leaned in to meet David's lips. His kisses were gentle, as he preferred to slowly ease into her soft mouth with his tongue. Parting her lips and teeth she drew him in. In doing so her pussy filled with heat and she felt blood rushing to her walls causing them to swell.

As the woman and David slowly kissed, Brock eased forward and found the back of her neck with his tongue. The oscillating fan sweeping the room caught him and the scent of his cologne settled into the back of her throat. This familiar taste further comforted and excited her.

Shivers swept through her body as both men began to increase their grasp on her. Brock reached for the straps on her tank top and slowly eased them down and off her shoulders taking with it the cups of her bra. His hands gently kneaded both mounds and drew her breasts towards each other in a squeezing motion and ending the action by pinching both nipples with thumb and forefinger. He repeated the action over and over again as she tilted her head back and groaned his name. 

Watching the erotic scene before him had become too much for David and he shifted uncomfortably, his hard cock straining in his jeans. He stood before the couple and undressed reveling in the freedom his rod felt as it sprang from his clothes. His cock was fully erect and pre cum formed a bead of liquid at the tip. 

Using this slippery fluid he briefly stroked his member while massaging his clean-shaven balls.

The woman's cunt moistened as she watched this gorgeous man stroke himself in front of her. She was shameless and so while Brock continued to massage her tits her hand made its way under her skirt and down the front of her panties. Preferring to tease herself she drew continuous circles around her clit through the cotton fabric. Her pussy heated up instantly in response to the touch. Through the material she felt the cleft of her lips and stroked the path from clit to her hole with the tip of her fingernail, causing moisture to soak through her panties.

"I'd like you to be naked Brock," she asked gently requested. 

Complying he too stood before her and removed his blue tee and gray shorts along with black cotton boxers.

Standing before her were two exquisite, naked men. Both of their cocks hard and waiting for her. Her mouth watered as equally as her center did.

As if the move had been rehearsed Brock quietly asked the woman to lean forward so he could sit behind her while David kneeled between her thighs. Settling into Brocks arms she leaned back and raised her legs to David's shoulders. 

The light haired man gently rubbed her calves and tongued his way up to her inner thighs. When he reached her most private spot he did not rush but instead gently placed his mouth over her panties and watched her mouth part in a gasp as he exhaled hot moist air onto her. She moaned out in pleasure as her cunt was filled with warmth. Her ass cheeks inadvertently tightened and she pushed herself deeper into his face.

When she could take no more, she backed away but only long enough to lift her hips and slip out of her skirt and thong. Resuming her position she spread her legs before David and groaned in ecstasy as his tongue found her swollen clit. His touch was exquisite. He flicked his tongue on her in a continuous up and down motion over and over again while Brock continued his attention to her breasts. 

The scent of her juices filled the air and had not gone unnoticed by either the woman or Brock. She reached down and dipped her finger deep inside. Withdrawing she held up her hand to him and watched his eyes gleam as he sucked the wetness off her finger, licking off every drop.

Looking down again the red haired woman uttered to David, "Stick your tongue in me. Fuck me with it"

He grinned and dove in. His tongue was strong and seemed to touch the full length of her. Curling it upwards he aimed it hard at her front wall. One hand spread apart her lips as the other thumbed her clit. She jumped in shock at the motion and her pussy began to contract. Her breath came rapidly as her hips bucked and moans softly escaped her lips.

She was in a state of euphoria as one man tongue fucked her cunt and the other tongue fucked her mouth. Both ends were filled and when she finally came, she shot a hot stream of clear liquid, soaking David's face.

Sitting back on his haunches, David watched as she recovered from her orgasm. Her chest deep red and spotted and small beads of sweat dotted her forehead. Behind her Brock's breathing could be heard rough and sporadic. 

"Its my turn now. Switch places," uttered Brock who up to this point had been content where he was.

Thrilled to see his beautiful face in front of her she readily spread her legs and mounted them on his shoulders. Expecting him to eat her as well she was surprised he backed away and stood up.

Seeing the perplexed look on her face he answered her question by reaching for the already plugged in vibrator and dildo she had left by the table beside them.

"Fuck yourself in front of us," he demanded with a smile on his face.

More than happy to comply she took the vibrator, turned it on and held it to her clit. The touch made her jump and David groaned upon feeling body startle in his arms. Her pussy contracted and milky fluid left over from her previous orgasm glistened around her hole.

Brock knelt in front of her as she played with herself taking in the scent of her arousal. To him, the experience was new and wondrous as Brock had never witnessed the woman and her toys together. Wet pussy lips vibrated and convulsed and her entrance open and shut rhythmically.

At that moment nothing mattered more to him than making this woman cum.

He looked to his friend and growled, "hold her legs open"

Gently David placed both hands under thighs that she widened as much as she could. In doing so her ass raised permitting him to view her now open lips and the entrance to her second opening. His cock throbbed at the site of her so exposed to him.

Without hesitation he reached for the dildo and lube. Soaking the toy that was thankfully smaller than his own member, he placed it at her entrance and slowly guided it into her creamy center. The toy stretched her open and filled her as far as it could. The feeling was exquisite and she groaned words unperceivable to both men.

Brock slowly withdrew the object of her pleasure and guided it back in again. His mouth watered as her inner lips fell together as the toy left her body and stretched wide as it entered her again. 

Increasing his pace his stabbed at her faster now and with a steadier rhythm. In and out he moved it burying it to the hilt and withdrawing it enough to see the see the cream covering its length. Her cunt contracted hard and he knew she was close to cumming as it became harder to thrust as her muscles tightened. Her face contorted, her body stiffened up and with one final thrust she screamed and came so hard Brock could not keep the toy inside her contracting walls. Even as he held the wet toy in his hand, her lips still quivered.

Her head spun and tingles shot up her neck. For a few moments she was unaware of her surroundings as she floated in orgasmic bliss. Her ears crackled and unblocked as the pressure in her head left and her breathing returned to normal.

Once back on earth she found herself lifted and carried to the carpet, placed there gently and looked up at the beautiful men before her. Both had politely made her cum before they did as they had every time she had been with each before. 

Their cocks were still erect and she knelt before them. Taking both men into each one of her hands she stroked them simultaneously with a firm and steady rhythm. Wishing she had two mouths she divided her attention to both as equally as she could. Gently running her tongue along each cock and when the time came, sucking both men as fast and as deep as she could, always hesitating to lick circles around the rim of their dripping heads. Their balls were not forgotten and each generously sucked and licked as well.

The woman did not allow either man to cum as she wanted each man to remain hard. She was about to be fucked in a way she never had.

Kneeling on the carpet legs spread wide with her ass in the air she motioned for Brock to lie beneath her. Both men now knew what she was asking and positioned themselves accordingly. 

With her on top of him, Brock kissed her and stroked her back as he inserted his rod into her willing cunt. His mouth sought her nipples and tongue bathed them as she rode him hard. Grasping onto Brocks thighs for support she arched her back and ground her G-Spot against his cock in a steady up and down motion.

David knelt by them and watched in awe as the couple made love before him, both moving in perfect time with each other. He saw Brock's wet cock burying deep into her and felt his own cock throb at the site.

Just as he wondered if he would be forgotten she looked over at him and stated, " I want you to fuck me too"

That was all he needed and grinned as he reached for some lube and generously coated himself and her entrance. He rubbed his cock on her ass cleft preparing her for him. Slippery fluids glistened on his dick and her hole. Slowly and gently he pushed just the head of his cock in her ass and withdrew it allowing her to relax. He repeated the motion over and over again but penetrating deeper each time. 

The tightness overwhelmed him and for a moment he was in his own bliss. He remained still, giving her a moment to become accustomed to him.

David took the woman's cue as she stared to move. He thrust slowly at first and moved faster as she did. Below her Brock waited for reassurance she was ready for more and when she was, he lifted his hips and ground his cock into her hard and fast while one hand stretched her lips tight and the other worked on her clit. Together the three of them each set their own pace, fucking, kissing, sweating and cumming. 

She came first as she could not hold back. The tightness in her ass intensifying the pressure on her G-Spot. Feeling her warm, wet fluid spill onto his rod and seeing her face contort with pleasure shot Brock over the edge and he came deeply inside her. She groaned as the inside of her pussy was coated with his hot cum.

Her ass and cunt contracted around both men's rods and the added friction

caused the tell tale throbbing in David's cock. The sound of both coming was all he could handle and he exploded hot fluid inside her tightest spot. His dick twitched and throbbed as it emptied its contents into her. 

The threesome disconnected from each other and lay panting on the floor. Each spent and exhausted from copious fucking and cumming. Fluids tricked from both openings and puddled beneath her.

The woman closed her eyes and felt her heartbeat pound in her chest. She lay there for a long stretch of time until the world stopped spinning.

When she opened her eyes, the two soccer players were gone and she was alone with her fantasy and a grin on her face.