 INTRODUCTION

Amy Snyder was thrilled when she learned from the head mistress that her uncle would be picking her up on Friday afternoon. Her uncle Richard had arranged with the school to let Amy spend the weekend with him and his employer William Russell at Mr. Russell's estate. Best of all was that Amy was allowed to bring her roommate Beth Hopper along for the weekend. Richard told Amy about the estate and the large swimming pool that was there. Amy looked forward to a weekend of fun with her roommate. It would be a pleasant break from the private girl's boarding school.

Amy Snyder and Beth Hopper had both turned 18 years old which is why they were invited to the Russell estate. William Russell had plans for the two young girls and he was sure it would be a weekend that they would never forget. Amy was a cute brunette with shoulder length hair and deep brown eyes. Her 34-22-35 figure was perfect for her 5'6" frame and she was a fit 110 pounds. Beth could pass for Amy's sister except that she was a natural blonde. Beth stood at 5'7" and weighed 115 pounds. She too was fit and nicely put together with a 35-23-36 figure.

William and Richard rode in the back seat of the limo driven by William's chauffeur Charles. The car made its way to the school to pick up the young unsuspecting beauties. William Russell had a passion for young girls particularly those in private schools. He loved the uniforms they wore and he loved to watch them run around baring their thighs as the plaid skirts rode up their legs. The car arrived early at the school as William hoped to catch the girls out playing on the grounds. Charles pulled into a parking spot that gave the men a good view of the school girls playing soccer on the lawn.

The three men stared hungrily at the girls as they ran around kicking the ball toward the goal. Ample leg was displayed when a girl would kick the ball and a few times the men caught a glimpse of a cotton panty under the plaid skirt. The girls pushed and shoved as they jockeyed for position and then one girl fell down. Then three men leaned forward in their seats as the girl's skirt flew up over her head baring her young shapely legs and curvy panty covered ass. 

Minutes later a bell rang and all the girls dashed inside the building. "I'll go and get the girls," Richard said as he got out of the car.

As Richard walked up the steps to the main building he had a brief moment of regret. His niece had no idea what was in store for her that weekend. However Richard had no choice if he wished to remain in the employ of William Russell. Richard was handsomely paid and rewarded for his work and he knew that he would never able to be secure another job that paid so well. Richard had watched his niece grow up and he had always been attracted to her. Now that she was 18 years old she would be fair game for him as well as William.

Richard checked in with the school secretary who showed him to the head mistress' office. Richard filled out some paperwork as the two girls were summoned to the office. Amy and Beth arrived bubbly and giddy at the office as they were obviously excited about the weekend. Amy hugged her uncle and Richard felt his niece's shapely body press against him. He thought that she had indeed grown up. Amy introduced Beth and then the three of them left the office. The two girls got excited again when they saw the limo waiting for them. Charles got out of the car and held the door open for the two girls. They got in and sat facing William Russell and Richard.

"Girls this is Mr. Russell. William this is my niece Amy and that is her friend Beth," Richard said making the introductions.

"It is a pleasure to meet you both," William said and then added, "My driver's name is Charles."

"Mr. Russell, thank you so much for inviting us to your home for the weekend. My uncle had told me so much about your place, it sounds really exciting," Amy gushed.

"Well we will be sure to see that you enjoy yourself and please call me William. Mr. Russell sounds so old," William replied.

Amy and Beth just nodded their agreement. The two girls settled into their car seats and they slid back into them causing their plaid skirts to rise higher on their thighs. William and Richard both stared at the expanse of skin between the knee high socks and the skirt. As the car made its way to the estate the girl's skirts seemed to ride higher on their legs but the two girls made no attempt to pull their skirts down. William was hoping that he might get a glimpse of their panties but that never happened on the ride to the estate.

As the car pulled into the long driveway it paused briefly to allow the gates to swing open. The girls gushed when the saw the gates and the long drive leading up to the mansion. Charles steered the car up the circular drive and stopped in front of the house. Charles then came around and opened the car door.

"After you my dears," William said to the girls indicating that she should get out first.

Amy moved first and as she ducked her head to step out of the limo she felt a hand graze over her ass and gently pat her bottom. Then Beth stepped out and she too felt a hand caress her curvy buttock. Richard watched as William fondled both girls and once again he had that feeling of regret for bringing his niece to the house. Amy whispered in Beth's ear and Beth nodded and then they both giggled. William was sure that they were giddy from being fondled.

Charles showed the two girls into the house and carried their small overnight bags for them. The girls didn't pack much since they had nothing to wear but their school uniforms. They had just packed panties and toiletries. Richard had told Amy not to worry that everything the girls needed would be at the estate. Of course he didn't tell them that they were not going to need much at all. Charles showed the girls to their rooms and then told them that they were expected downstairs.

The girls followed Charles down to a room that had game tables and a bar. William and Richard were already seated at the bar and a third man stood behind the bar. Charles left them momentarily to put the car in the garage. 

"Ladies this is my man servant George. He is responsible for all the meals and making you feel welcome in my home," William said introducing George to the girls.

"Pleased to meet you George," Amy and Beth said almost at the same time.

"My pleasure ladies, may I pour you a glass of champagne?" George offered.

"I've never had champagne," Amy replied.

"Me either," added Beth.

"Well then it is about time you girls had your first champagne. It is the finest champagne from France," William stated.

George poured the girls a glass of champagne and then everyone toasted to an enjoyable weekend. Amy and Beth both loved the champagne and George saw to it that their glasses were always full. Charles then returned to the room and he lifted his glass in a toast as well. Amy and Beth were told to make themselves comfortable and they were offered the leather bar stools to sit on. Both girls stepped up on the stool to sit on them and their skirts rode up on their legs. 

THE SEDUCTION

For the next hour the four men and two pretty teenagers drank champagne and talked about school. Amy and Beth were both feeling the effects of the champagne and they were very giddy. Amy then felt William's hand touch her thigh as he talked and gestured with his hands. Amy ignored the frequent touching as she thought that it was just William's touchy way of talking. Then William left his hand on her thigh one time and eventually he began to caress it. Amy felt chills run through her body and she felt her pussy getting wet. Amy wanted to tell William to stop but she was afraid of offending him and getting her uncle in trouble.

Charles had moved behind Amy and he was standing very close to her, so close that she could feel his breath on her neck. Amy was getting uncomfortable with the two men so close to her and William's hand was now only a few inches away from her panties. Amy squirmed in the chair as if she was trying to get comfortable and as she did William's hand slid up under her skirt. Amy was about to protest when Charles spoke.

"Here let's get this jacket off of you so you won't be so warm," Charles said as he peeled the uniform jacket off Amy's shoulders. 

Charles placed the jacket on a chair and then returned to stand behind Amy. William's hand then touched Amy's panty covered pussy and it was like an electric shock ran through her body. Amy reached down to grab William's hand but as she did Charles put his arms around her and grabbed her bra encased breasts through her uniform blouse. William then held the champagne glass to Amy's lips encouraging her to drink some more. Amy took another drink and she felt her head buzzing. Things were moving quickly now as William caressed her panty covered pussy and Charles fondled her breasts. Amy's panties were soaking wet and her nipples were rock hard in her bra. 

"Please don't," Amy pleaded weakly.

"Relax Amy and enjoy your self. You are a very lovely young lady and we are going to help you mature. Look at your roommate and see how much she is enjoying herself," William said as he rubbed her pussy with more authority.

Amy looked at her roommate Beth and she could hardly believe her eyes. Beth was sipping from the champagne glass and allowing George and Richard to fondle her body. Beth's blouse was open and her bra was unhooked. Uncle Richard was fondling both of Beth's breasts as he stood behind her. Beth's skirt was bunched in her waist and George was massaging both of her thighs. Then Amy watched as George reached under Beth's skirt and pulled her panties down and off her legs. Richard then removed Beth's blouse and bra so that she was naked from the waist up. Beth was now only wearing her plaid uniform skirt and white knee high socks.

Amy was so intent on watching Beth that she had ignored Charles and William. Charles had Amy's blouse unbuttoned and he pulled it out of her skirt. William pushed Amy's skirt into her lap exposing her panty covered pussy and luscious thighs. The champagne glass was held to her lips and Amy drank some more. Charles had removed her blouse and then he unsnapped her bra. Amy gasped when Charles hands came around and cupped her naked breasts. Charles was so gentle that Amy enjoyed the caressing and when he twirled her rock hard nipples in his fingers; Amy was sure that she had a mild orgasm. 

"Amy your panties are so wet, it is best if we remove them," William whispered.

Amy was in a near unconscious and euphoric state so she did not protest when William removed her panties. Amy looked over to see what was happening to Beth and again Amy could hardly believe her eyes. Beth was now standing wearing only her knee high white socks. Richard knelt in front of Beth and it appeared that he was licking Beth's pussy. George knelt behind Beth and he had his face buried in her buttocks. Amy didn't know it but her roommate was getting her pussy eaten and her ass rimmed at the same time. Beth had a look of pure ecstasy on her face.

Amy then felt her thighs pried apart and William lowered his mouth to her pussy. Amy squealed when his tongue touched her pussy as for the first time anything but her finger touched her most private area. Charles had moved to Amy's side and now he leaned over and sucked on her tits. He sucked and nibbled gently on her nipples and Amy went wild. Amy pussy gushed and her juices coated William's face. Her body trembled in the bar stool as an orgasm rocked her young body. William was not deterred by her first orgasm and he continued to lick her pussy and suck on her clit. William then put two fingers in her pussy and quickly located Amy's g-spot. Amy went wild with passion and she felt another orgasm building within her loins. Charles continued to work on Amy's tits and her nipples never felt harder and more sensitive in her life. 

William lifted Amy's legs over his shoulders so that she had to lean back in the bar stool. He now had access to her anus as well as her pussy and he licked her from one hole to the other. Amy thought that she would faint when William's tongue touched her anus. It felt so wicked, so naughty and so erotic all at the same time. William used Amy's cunt juice to lube her anus and then he eased his index finger into her asshole. Only the school nurse had ever done that to Amy and the nurse wore a latex glove. William now had the middle and ring finger in Amy's pussy and his index finger in her ass as he sucked on her clit. Amy knew she was about to experience a massive orgasm but she looked for Beth one last time.

Beth was now on the sofa with Richard and Charles who both had their cocks out. Beth had a cock in each hand and she was stroking them as Richard and Charles fondled Beth's tits and fingered her pussy. Amy stared at the two erect cocks as they looked big and ominous in Beth's dainty hands. Beth had her head back and her eyes closed as she played with her new found toys. 

Amy found herself wondering what William's and Charles' cocks looked like but her thoughts were interrupted when an intense orgasm rocked her body. Amy's body lifted off the bar stool and she thrust her pussy into William's face. Juices poured from her cunt and doused William's face. Her nipples ached even more with the intensity of her orgasm. Amy had never experienced an orgasm like this and she was overcome with joy. She never knew it could be so good with a man just using his tongue and fingers.

Amy's body calmed and William and Charles stepped away for a few seconds. Amy looked over toward Beth again and saw that the three of them were all naked except for Beth's socks. Beth was on all fours and she was sucking on Richard's cock while George knelt behind her and fucked Beth from behind. Amy thought that if Beth had been a virgin that she wasn't any longer. Then Amy thought about her own virginity and she realized that she would lose it that night. She felt ready though, more ready than she ever thought she would be. Amy felt her body being lifted up by Charles and then she noticed that Charles and William were naked. Charles carried Amy over to the other sofa and Amy felt Charles erect cock brush against her naked buttocks. Amy knew that they were going to fuck her and make her suck cock just as Beth was doing.

Amy was placed on her back on the sofa and then Charles straddled her chest and ran his big erect cock between her tits. Amy got turned on by Charles fucking her tits as she saw a real cock up close for the first time. The cock slid up and down between her tits occasionally touching her cheeks and lips and she felt the wetness of pre-cum on her skin. One time the cock left a trace of pre-cum on her lips and Amy tasted the salty substance. Each time Charles' cock got close to her mouth Amy had the strangest urge to take it in her mouth.

"Come on take it in your mouth. You know you want to," Charles urged.

Amy had never seen a cock up close much less sucked one and Amy was fearful that Charles would cum in her mouth. Amy stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her tiny hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and Charles sighed as she masturbated him. She was in awe of his big erect dick.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Charles moved up her body so that she could get more of his cock in her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Amy began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. Because of his girth she was only able to get about five inches in her mouth. Amy slurped loudly on Charles's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

While Amy was distracted with Charles' cock in her mouth, William was preparing to fuck her pussy. William decided to start slow with Amy. He began by just placing his dick up to her pussy lips and rubbing his dick slowly up and down. As he did he noticed that Amy was soaking wet and she had already begun to moan. As William slid up and down the inside of her pussy lips, he made a conscience effort to rub over her clit every time. Each time that he did so, she would let out a very loud moan and her body would quiver with excitement. After a couple of minutes of this William decided that it was time to get inside of her. On his first attempt at getting in, he quickly realized that he would be getting the opportunity to fuck a virgin. As quickly as he noticed this he thought about getting a condom but he was so excited he opted not to. Fortunately both Amy and Beth were in that part of their cycle that they were safe otherwise there would be two pregnant girls returning to school after the weekend. By the third push he finally broke through her hymen and into her virgin pussy. William felt a pussy tighter than any that he had ever felt in his life. He started to pump in and out of her and before long he could tell that she was having her first orgasm by a man fucking her. 

Amy was amazed at how powerful her orgasm was and it wouldn't be the only orgasm that she had that night. She began to ram her hips up every time that William pushed his dick into her once virgin pussy to make sure that he went as deep into her as he could. Before long they had a very rhythmic pattern of his dick sliding in and out of her pussy and moans that became simultaneous. Within minutes both were moaning as loudly as they could as they both came at the same time except that Amy's moans were muffled by the cock in her mouth. Amy was so overwhelmed by her first experience and by being in front of her roommate and uncle that she hardly noticed or cared that William had just cum deep inside of her.

Amy then returned her attention to Charles as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her small hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Charles placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was incredibly hot as he held her hair back to watch her innocent face and sensuous mouth. Amy kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was passed her reluctance and she was incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Amy was desperate to please him now and to make him cum. It did not take long to bring Charles to the edge.

Charles did not announce that he was cumming and he held Amy's head on his cock determined to force her to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. At first Amy tried to break free but Charles was too strong. Amy had no choice but to swallow as quickly as she could so that she did not gag on his seed. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Charles took the cock from her mouth and he watched as more cum oozed out the end of his dick. Charles then pushed his cock back in Amy's mouth so that she could suck his man juice dry. As if in a trance she nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and then he pushed her away.

Charles remained hard and Amy stared at the ominous weapon that had just violated her mouth. Charles raised himself up, moved down and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips. Charles held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing Amy to moan in pleasure. Charles would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Amy sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. This was still a new sensation for her to be this full as his cock touched areas within her for the first time.
