 Karen did not sleep well Friday night. She was tired enough, but she just could not find a comfortable position on the floor, her neck chained to Billie's bedpost. She tossed and turned while dreaming about how her life had changed and the changes yet to come. At 7am, a hand shook her shoulder and beckoned her to wake. Looking up she saw the smiling face of Valentina, the Hoffmann's maid. Valentina was Brazilian by birth. She had come to America on an education visa three years ago, but had washed out of university life due to too many parties and not enough studying. Valentina had a body right off the beaches of Rio and knew how to flaunt it. Although she lived to party, she also had to live. She worked for a cleaning service six days a week. Besides the Hoffmann's, she cleaned for two other families in the neighborhood. Karen knew the young woman usually worked for the Hoffmann's on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. This week, however, she pushed Friday's cleaning back a day to better prepare the house for Billie and Sam's party. As Karen woke, she noticed Valentina unlocking the buckle on her collar.

Valentina: "Come on sleepyhead. Let's get you cleaned up."

Karen liked the sound of that. She felt dirty after the night before. Karen willingly followed Valentina down the hall and into the bathroom. The hall bathroom was a little tight for two people, not that Karen minded having her body close to the exotic maid. Valentina turned on the water in the steam shower and slipped off her maid's uniform. Karen drank in her beauty as she was ushered into the shower. Although the bathroom was on the small side, the shower was large enough for two. Valentina efficiently washed and scrubbed away the evidence of Karen's activities from the day before. She washed her hair and exfoliated her skin using sea salt. Karen felt invigorated. Karen loved being pampered, although this was the first time it was being done by another naked woman. Having been discovered chained to the bedpost of a girl the same age as her daughter, Karen assumed Valentina was hip to the unique dynamics of the Hoffman family. Karen waited patiently for Valentina to put the moves on her, taking for granted that the maid was a willing participant to the erotic games at play. But other than joining her in the shower, Valentina was completely professional.

After she was cleaned, both women stepped out of the shower and Valentina began drawing a bath. She added scented oils which released an intoxicating aroma into the room. Karen thought she could easily be at a fancy spa with the treatment she was undergoing. Of course she was being prepared for something much different.

Karen lay down in the tub allowing the warm water to flow over her body. Valentina turned to a cabinet and returned with a straight razor and shaving cream. With a well practiced hand, Valentina shaved Karen's legs, butt and finally her pussy. As she ran her hand over the now overheating older woman to check her handiwork, Valentina smiled. Karen was responding well to her program just as Terri had. Karen didn't know the history of the Hoffman family, but Valentina was in fact the mastermind of their erotic games. She had been a wild child in her native Brazil and when she first came to America had continued her hedonistic ways. By the time she began working at the maid service to make ends meet, she had taken several American lovers, but never for very long. The young American men she dated looked at her more like a trophy and were unable to provide the funds she needed to live the lifestyle she desired. 

When she went to work for the Hoffman's, she saw an opportunity to insert herself into higher society. Her first task was to seduce Jack. As it turned out, this wasn't as hard as she assumed it would be. She simply wore a skimpy maid's outfit the first time Terri was out of town and he was home and soon she was on her back on the dining room table braying under the spell of his wonderful cock. She had not expected the level of pleasure Jack could provide and decided she needed something beyond sex to keep control of the relationship. She found her muse in Terri. The next week Jack was out of town and Terri was home. Wearing the same scant outfit, Valentina made sure to make herself look available to Terri. She could tell Terri was interested, but was not as forward as her husband had been. Valentina discovered that Terri not only had more than a passing bisexuality which had not been fully explored but was sexually submissive. In short order, Valentina had made Terri her sex slave. Jack, who knew his wife liked to be told what to do in bed, took to the news with enthusiasm as both he had Valentina took advantage of the situation to learn about bondage and discipline with the eager Terri.

Valentina planned to have Jack and Terri introduce her to their wealthy friends whom she could also seduce for her benefit. Karen was the obvious next conquest, but Valentina needed a way in. Sam and Billie provided that service. Valentina had been sleeping with Sam for some time. His youthful cock never failed to please her. Billie had walked in on them one afternoon and like her mother, was drawn to Valentina's power. Unlike her mother, however, Billie was clearly dominant and a plan was hatched to ensnare Karen for their own sinful pleasures.

After Karen's shaving was complete, Valentina dried her with a large fluffy towel. Karen wanted to make love to the exotic maid. Her body was alive after the pampering and her pussy had long ago begun to moisten.

Karen: "That was wonderful. How can I repay you?"

There was no mistaking the meaning of her offer. For her part, Valentina would have loved to push Karen to the floor and grind her pussy all over the wealthy slut's face. But time was short and they had a lot to do that day before the party. Confidently Valentina reached out and drew a knowing finger over Karen's now bare slit.

Valentina: "I know you would do anything I tell you right now."

Karen's legs began to buckle at the teasing digit's stroke.

Valentina: "Perhaps later... If you are good."

Karen: "I can be good and I can be bad."

Valentina just smiled.

Valentina: "Wait here. I'll get you some clothes."

Karen wondered what kind of outfit she would be wearing. To her surprise, the maid returned with a tank top and pair of blue jeans. She also had a small plastic box. Karen noticed she didn't have any underwear.

Valentina told Karen to bend over the bathroom counter and spread her legs. Karen gleefully complied longing to have the maid's finger return to her now simmering pussy. Karen watched in the mirror as Valentina advanced on her, plastic box in hand. The Brazilian beauty pressed up against Karen pushing her down onto the counter.

Valentina: "You are going to be a good girl for me aren't you?"

Karen: "Yes mam."

Karen felt Valentina's finger return to her slit, this time more insistent and she was penetrated for the first time in the day. Valentina held up her finger triumphantly showing Karen the glistening wetness oozing from her pussy. Valentina drew her finger across Karen's upper lip, the smell filling her nostrils. Karen braced for what was next as Valentina opened the box. Although she had never seen a pair before, Karen knew what the Ben Wa balls were before the maid popped the in her mouth to warm them up. Valentina knelt down behind Karen and planted her lips squarely on Karen's pussy before transferring the balls from her mouth to Karen's vagina. The intrusion was pleasant for Karen, although she didn't yet grasp the nature of the inserted toy. 

After the balls were inserted, Valentina gave both of Karen's butt cheeks a resounding slap and applied pressure to Karen's thighs indicating she should move them together. She then took the pants and helped Karen slide them on. They were tight. Too tight for Karen's taste as she had to hold her breath to button them. The rough denim irritated Karen's pussy, the obvious reason for her lack of panties. Valentina then slipped the tank top over Karen's prominent breasts. For a woman her age, Karen was proud of her breasts. Although she almost always wore a bra, her boobs were firm enough that she could go without in an emergency. What the tank top did not hide, was her painfully erect nipples. Ever since she had been bent over the countertop, Karen's nipples had been hard. Now in the tank top, everyone would know. Given the balls in her pussy and denim rubbing her clit, Karen tacitly knew she was in for a long tease and that her nipple were going to be on display.

Valentina: "Oops, I forgot your shoes. Wait here."

Karen stood admiring herself in the mirror. As she shifted her weight from foot to foot, she could feel the balls beginning to come to life. She wondered what it would feel like to walk with these little devils deep inside her. She wouldn't have to wait for long. Valentina returned with a pair of 3" heeled shoes.

Valentina: "I don't know how often you wear heels, so we will start you small."

Karen looked at the shoes as they were slipped on her feet. She was no stranger to wearing heels, although at 3" these shoes looked like the highest pair she owned. She had one pair of boots with a higher heel, but she rarely wore them.

Valentina: "OK, let's see you move."

Karen wasn't sure exactly what that meant, so she just walked around the room. As she began to take full steps, the rubbing of the denim and the balls made her pussy come alive as an audible gasp left her lips. Valentina smiled at her handiwork.

Valentina: "You look ready. Go downstairs to the kitchen and fix breakfast for the family. I need to help Terri get dressed."

Valentina watched as Karen wobbled out of the room. Valentina was turned on by pampering Karen and dressing her. She knew Karen would have done anything she asked, but she wanted to tease Karen more and make her beg. Terri's experienced tongue would take care of her this morning, as it did every morning she was at the Hoffman home.

Karen found each step she took more exciting that the last. She wondered how long she could last before she would orgasm. She knew if she, or someone else, so much as touched her pussy she would cum on the spot. In the kitchen, Karen found eggs and English muffins in the refrigerator and set out to make breakfast for the family. Soon the smell of fresh brewed coffee filled the room and Karen had whipped the eggs in preparation of pouring them in the skillet. The muffins were in the toaster waiting and the table was set with a plate, knife, fork and a glass of orange juice. 

One by one Billie, Sam and Jack came into the kitchen. For all the world things looked like as regular Saturday morning in suburbia only their highly aroused neighbor was making breakfast. Karen was dreaming about being thrown over the table and ravaged as she prepared the eggs and served the muffins, but the topic of conversation wasn't about her, it was about the party, now some 12 hours hence.

Karen wasn't sure what to do when all three of her new lovers had their breakfast. Should she join them as an equal or should she stand behind ready to serve them?

Fortunately Terri and Valentina entered the room. Terri and Karen were dressed in matching clothes and from the wiggle in her walk, Karen guessed Terri was similarly enjoying a hidden treat. Valentina had donned a simple sundress which hugged her curves in all the right ways. Karen thought she looked stunning and her mouth watered at being near the beautiful young girl.

Valentina: "Your mom, Karen and I are going shopping for the party. We'll be home by about 1 so Karen has time to clean the house. See you later."

Karen watched as Valentina headed for the door and Terri wordlessly turned to follow. Karen knew her place and began to follow Terri, her pussy squishing in her jeans and her clit on fire. In the garage, Valentina slid behind the wheel of Terri's Land Rover and Terri obediently got in the back seat. Karen joined her as they were led out of the garage and into the world. 

Valentina: "No playing with yourselves back there sluts."

Terri: "No mam. I'll be good."

Valentina: "How about you, new fish? Are you going to be good or will I have to punish you?"

Karen: "No mam. I'll be good."

Valentina: "We need to find Karen a nice cocktail dress for tonight and then pick up some supplies. If there is enough time, I'll take you two to lunch."

Terri: "That sounds wonderful mam."

Karen and Terri sat quietly in the back street as Valentina led them to an unknown destination. Karen desperately wanted to cum and assumed Terri was in the same condition. They exchanged knowing glances. Terri was glad to have a new playmate as she sometime had trouble keeping up with the demands made by Valentina, Jack and his friends. She was also pleased that Karen would make sure Sam and Billie's needs were being met.

The first stop was a large shopping mall. The stores would not be open for another 25 minutes, but the mall was open for people who liked to walk for exercise. The mall was popular with elderly people, especially in the winter, who liked the safety of the dry floors and the constant variety of walking in front of the store windows. Valentina led her two charges on a lap of the mall pretending to window shop for Karen's new clothes but in reality just using the time as a excuse to tease her slave's eager pussies.

Karen in particular was almost panting by the time they stopped in front of a Victoria's Secret, the sexy merchandise display calling out to her lustful desires. Terri had been through Valentina's tease days before and knew how to better pace herself. The first time they had gone "shopping" together, Terri was a mess by the time they got home. Her pussy had leaked through the jeans and she was almost constantly moaning. Watching another woman in the state she had been in so many times before was a new experience and one she was definitely enjoying.

Karen had mixed emotions about being at Victoria's Secret. In just a few minutes the store would open and she was sure Valentina would take her inside to shop for underwear. While even a thong would help ease her aroused state, any sales clerk would immediately know how turned on another woman had made her. Karen wasn't sure if the embarrassment was worth the benefit. Fortunately she didn't have to worry for long. Just as an attractive sales associate was unlocking the rolling gate protecting the store, Valentina indicated it was time for the trio to get moving again.

Karen and Terri squished their way through the mall as Valentina directed them to a small, upscale clothing shop on the top level. Having just opened, the store was empty except for two sales associates, both attractive young women. At least to Karen they were attractive. But then again, right now she was ready to fuck anything that moved. The women began searching the racks of clothes. One of the sales girls came over and asked if there was anything in particular they were looking for. Valentina explained that Karen had a very important dinner party to attend tonight and that she had to look hot. They were looking for a black cocktail dress. More specifically they were looking for a black cock-tease dress.

The girl looked Karen up and down. Karen blushed at her obviously visible nipples and although she hadn't looked, she was sure her pussy juice had saturated the front of her jeans. The sales girl said she had just what they were looking for and led the woman to the back of the store. Picking a short black dress off a rack, she handed it to Karen and pointed toward the dressing rooms.

Valentina: "Try it on, but no playing with yourself."

Karen blushed again, although the sales girl didn't show any reaction. The sales girl escorted Karen to the dressing room where she introduced herself as Britney.

Britney: "Interesting friends you have."

Karen: "You have no idea."

Britney: "I bet I have a better idea than you think. Let's get you out of those clothes and into this dress before you get in trouble."

Karen blushed again. Somehow she knew Britney had seen her kind in the store before. Karen stood passively as Britney pulled the tank top over Karen's head. If she was shocked at what she saw, Britney didn't show it. Karen's nipples stood proud and begged for attention. Britney knelt down and fought with the button on Karen's jeans.

Britney: "Damn girl, I've never seen jeans this tight before."

Karen: "Yes, Valentina thought they would be fun."

Under her continued efforts, the button finally popped free of the catch and Karen exhaled seemingly for the first time in over an hour. As Britney pulled down the tops of Karen's jeans, the built up aroma of Karen's arousal was released. Trapped by the walls of the small changing room and amplified by the poor ventilation, the odor was overpowering to say the least. As Britney grabbed the hips of the jeans and pulled down, she came face to face with a very saturated and available pussy.

Britney: "As I said, such interesting friends you have."

It took all of Karen's strength not to grab the young girl's head and mash it against her mound. She knew she would be punished and although she sensed Britney would be willing, she didn't want to make a scene. Britney continued working the jeans lower, taking her time enjoying Karen situation. Britney was accustomed to helping beautiful women try on clothes, but had never had one who was this excited. In fact Britney secretly fantasized about making love to a stranger in the store. Of course she had kept that to herself since she was scared to losing her job.

As overpowering as the situation was to Karen, Britney too was feeling the effects. As the jeans finally passed Karen's hips and began to slide easily, Britney gave into temptation and blew her breath squarely at Karen's clit and pussy lips. The breeze tickled Karen and she lost control. Firmly grabbing Britney's head with both hands, she forcefully pulled the sales girl's head to her crotch and began rubbing her pussy against her mouth. As if on cue, the door to the changing room opened and Valentina and Terri stood by looking in along with the store manager, Jacquelyn. Britney pulled free as Karen released her head. Her face was a mixture of girl cum and shame. She was positively glowing as Jacquelyn took $20 from her purse and handed it to Terri. 

Valentina: "I don't recall you having permission to do that."

Karen hung her head down and agreed.

Valentina: "You earned a spanking when we get home. Now try on that dress so we can get on with our day."

Jacquelyn: "Britney, you have some explaining to do also. Go wait in my office."

Karen pulled the dress of the hanger as Britney squeezed past her toward the door. As she entered the hallway, Jacquelyn grabbed her wrist and whispered in her ear.

Jacquelyn: "If you want to keep your job, I will find you on top of my desk... naked."

Britney looked shocked, but nodded in agreement.

Jacquelyn: "And having a couple of fingers buried in that sweet pussy wouldn't hurt."

As Britney continued past the women, Jacquelyn gave her a less than playful swat on the tush. Karen tried to concentrate on her own task and quickly slipped into the dress. Turning to look at herself in the mirror, she felt Jacquelyn's hands zipping her up. She then felt Jacquelyn pulling and tugging on the dress trying to get the fit just right.

Jacquelyn: "Sorry girls, I don't think this one is going to work. It doesn't fall right against her tits and doesn't highlight her ass enough."

Jacquelyn ran her hands over Karen's body as if she was showing what she meant.

Valentina: "What do you recommend?"

Jacquelyn: "First off, she needs some good lingerie. I can't have her going commando and marking her territory in my clothes. I'll call Simone at Victoria's and send Karen there while we look for a more suitable dress."
