 NOTE: Someone plagiarized Parts 1-3 and posted them under the title "Screwing the Sorority" on Literotica. These illegal postings have since removed. I am specifically re-posting this series now so that you will be able to enjoy Part 4-6 and the side-story even if you've already read "Screwing the Sorority."

Part 2: More Sisters

***

It was a clear Saturday night. Normally The Off-Campus Bar was packed with students wall-to-wall, but with Finals Week starting in two days, people were studying instead of getting toasted. Most of my roommates and friends were back at our house studying as well (I should be studying too), but Tim and I needed to get out of the house to clear up the previous night's adventure.

We leaned back against the bar watching the NBA Finals game on a TV up in a corner. I was tossing back a Vodka tonic while Tim nursed a Corona. Neither of us could believe what had happened last night. Walking in on two hot sorority babes going at it and then being invited to join them only happened in porn films or some college boy's fantasy, not real life. And yet it had happened. Tim said he could still smell the air freshener Daphne used in her room. He could close his eyes and feel the firmness of her boobs. I could still taste the wonderful sweetness of Lisa's box, and remembered vividly that "perfect" feeling I'd shared with her. Love at first sight? Nah, I didn't believe in that kind of thing. Lust at first fuck more like it. But I could swear I could still see that glow in her eyes right now.

I was still staring off into space and daydreaming when I heard Tim gasp suddenly. I turned around just in time to see his head pulled downwards with small feminine arms wrapped about his neck. A familiar splash of short auburn hair indicated that he was being kissed rather passionately. As recognition of his assailant entered my mind, I felt my own face being grasped firmly and twisted around. I caught a glimpse of those golden eyes before Lisa's silky smooth mouth clamped onto mine. I was wrapped up in the kiss as our tongues danced together, my arms wrapping up her lithe body and lifting her off the floor instinctively.

I finally released her when I felt a finger poking me in the chest. There stood the auburn-haired little Japanese girl I'd met the night before. She cocked her head and stared back and forth between Lisa and me for a minute, gauging our respective faces. Lisa was breathing heavily and still staring at me with heavy- lidded eyes. Tim was right behind the Japanese girl with a dazed expression on his face.

"Hi there, I'm Aika," she introduced herself, then leaned up to give me a quick peck on the mouth. In a split second, I took in her features. Barely topping 5 feet, she was a hyperactive sprite constantly bouncing. She smiled as if it were the most comfortable position for her face to be in. Her chest was only slightly above the A-cup level, but on her very petite body it jutted out rather well in the baby T-shirt she wore. "We met last night in case you forgot."

Like I could ever forget last night. She was one of the sorority sisters who came in after Tim's and my sexual adventure.

Aika, still bouncing, continued. "We didn't expect you two to be here. I was just so tired of studying and convinced Lisa to buy me a drink and help me pick up on guys. Lucky we ran into you!"

"It must be fate." I murmured, still staring straight into Lisa's eyes.

Seeing that my mind was otherwise occupied, Aika bounced back to Tim where she laid out her body against his, grinding her hips into his leg and wrapping her arms about his chest.

Aika's hand slid off of Tim's chest and popped open her purse, where she fished out a compact cell phone. Holding down one of the speed dial buttons, she paused for a moment, then began to talk animatedly. "Hey Daph, it's me. I've got your Timmy-toy in the palm of my hand right now. You were right, he does have a firm ass! Anyway, be at Trinh's in 15. Bye, now."

She ended the call and turned to Lisa. "Let's get out of here." Aika tugged on Tim's hand pulling him towards the exit.

Lisa came up next to me and wrapped her arm behind my back. "Shall we?"

We followed them outside to where our cars were parked. As luck would have it, Aika's car and mine were next to each other. Lisa went directly for my passenger door while Aika directed Tim to her car. I followed Aika's baby Benz through the suburbs back towards campus and recognized the route directly back to Greek Row. I did my best to stay focused on road but kept getting distracted by the sight of Lisa's milky white legs next to me. Her microskirt was riding up as she shifted in the seat, tantalizingly close to revealing her panties yet never quite high enough. She had on a paper-thin red halter-top that allowed the wonderful curves of her full breasts to be seen at their best. At a red light, she leaned across the seat and kissed me on the cheek, whispering in my ear. "I hope you've got some energy in you. You're going to get quite a workout tonight." I turned my head to her and then my eyes drifted a few inches lower to where I had a fantastic view of her full bosom through the sagging neck of her top.

I drove on autopilot the rest of the way, my mind swimming with erotic images of the night's possibilities and a giddy awareness that I was about to get laid. We parked out in the back lot again and entered the house through an actual back door this time. The girls quickly led us up the stairs to the second floor and to one of the larger corner rooms. Reserved for the senior sorority sisters, they were almost twice the size of a standard room. A colorful poster across the doorway identified the room as belonging to Trinh Vu, the sorority treasurer.

At the door, Aika produced a key, and popped in the door. The four of us quietly slipped in and closed the door behind us before my brain registered the images ahead of us.

Daphne, Tim's main squeeze from the previous night and possessor of the pussy inferno was engaged in a passionate sixty-nine on the bed with the elegant Vietnamese babe I'd seen last night, apparently Trinh herself. Both were buck naked, with Daphne on top. In the midst of her munching on Trinh's bare-shaved cunt, Daphne had two fingers buried in Trinh's ass, plunging rhythmically with her head motions.

As we watched, their dual moaning accelerated in pitch and frequency until they brought each other to screaming climaxes. Like a locomotive slowly chugging to a stop, they lazily slurped out the remaining cum from each other's body. Lisa was nibbling on my neck as we watched this. Looking over to Tim, Aika had his pants open as her hand rhythmically pumped his cock. It was at this point that the two girls noticed our arrival, and still flat on her back, Trinh gave us an upside down grin. "It's about time you guys got back. We got bored waiting!"

Presently, Aika led Tim forwards to the bed, still tugging on his engorged rod. Giving it a few more jerks and apparently satisfied with his hardness, she guided him into Daphne's sopping wet pussy from behind. She let out a sigh of contentedness, then as Tim took up a familiar pumping action into her, she lowered her head once again to Trinh's awaiting mound. Daphne's well-rounded but fake tits bounced back and forth cheerily with their fucking motions. For her part, Trinh reached out her tongue to caress Tim's cock above her as it glided in and out of Daphne.

Lisa meanwhile stood behind me as she undressed me, then leaned in so I could feel the pointed warmth of her bare breasts pressing into my back. Tugging me backwards, she led me to a wide sofa and pressed me down next to her. Aika, now satisfied with getting her two other sisters started with Tim, sauntered over towards us, shedding what little clothes she had on the way. She was a sexy little schoolgirl fantasy come to life. I gasped at the sight of her perky nipples being brought into view. Seated on the couch beside me Lisa dipped her head into my lap, coating my rod with her wet mouth. After quickly bathing it, she leaned forwards to Aika standing before her, and leaned forwards to coat Aika's bare-naked cunt in another layer of her mouth's lubrication. Impossibly, I felt myself getting even harder at this sight.

Now that Aika and myself were both just itching to get it going, she straddled my hips and with Lisa's hand to guide me, Aika sank down onto me. She was extremely tight as I would expect from such a small girl, and could only get in a couple of inches. Twisting her hips side to side, she gritted her teeth as she descended lower and lower and lower onto me until finally she hit rock bottom. Aika moaned out at how much I filled her and then all of her pent-up hyperactive energy seemed to kick in. Her hip motions rapidly sped up until she pistoned atop me like a jackhammer. My hands were clenched about her hips to keep her from flying away as she pushed herself off my shoulders and then slammed back down over and again. As her hips flew up and down, her mouth was locked onto mine as her sharp tongue sparred with me.

I heard Daphne cry out her orgasm first as the dual stimulation from Tim's penetrating pole as well as Trinh's tonguing of her clit overwhelmed her. Trinh followed with a low bellow of her own as I absently remembered that Daphne was one of the best pussy-munchers of the sorority. In this moment, their steady rhythm degenerated into a desperate jumble as Tim's hips began to spazz. Even though she was already cumming, neither Trinh nor Tim let up on Daphne and as he began to spew into her, I could see her eyes roll back as unconsciousness from pleasure overwhelmed her. When Tim finished he let go of her hips and she collapsed onto her back, her proud breasts jutting straight up into the air. After he caught his breath, he made a little nest off to the side out of pillows and gently lifting Daphne's sleeping body, tenderly lay her down in it.

Lisa's tongue in my ear and the hyper-nympho bouncing in my lap brought my attention back to the task before me as Aika was a blur atop me, up and down at breakneck speed. With a piercing shriek that threatened to blow my eardrums she came, coating my rod with her release. After a few minutes she quieted down and I began to regain my hearing. Her hips still bucking she lost her grip and then fell sideways across the couch. In the midst of this, I felt my balls tighten from Aika's energetic fucking and began to unload, but as Aika fell off me I began to shoot straight into the open air. Lisa reacted quickly and only one shot made it out before her hot mouth enveloped me and I pumped my remaining jizz down her throat.

Even as I could feel myself trying to go soft, Lisa's mouth was working wonders at reviving me quickly as Aika attempted to recover. Looking across the room again, I could see Trinh similarly going down on Tim's deflated prick, coaxing it back to life. Watching her go at it, I took a moment to admire yet another gorgeous female body. A light blue eyeshadow brilliantly accented her almond eyes. She was fairly tall, but possessed a petite face. Her hair was a shimmering jet black that she obviously took very good care of. Above average tits with a pleasing roundness to them led down to a belly so tightly muscled she almost had a six-pack. Her hips were slimmer than one would expect from her height, and her butt was almost flat. And I was about to get a closer look at it.

When I had reached sufficient rigidity, Lisa led me to Trinh's wide bed. Kissing me gently, she whispered in my ear that I was in for a special treat, as Trinh didn't do this except for very few handpicked guys. But Lisa had told her how good I was. I wasn't about to complain. As I lay back with my legs dangling off the bed, Trinh got up from her position and lay herself back across me. With Lisa spreading Trinh's ass-cheeks, she pointed my rod at the rosebud star of Trinh's asshole as Trinh backed her way onto me.

She had apparently been lubed as she relaxed her muscles and slid slowly but surprisingly easily onto me. When I was balls-deep into Trinh's ass her muscles reclenched and I felt a wonderful tightness about my cock, tighter even than Aika's narrow cunt. With the springiness of the bed and my hands firmly on Trinh's hips, I eased myself a little ways out of her, then pumped back inside. Trinh let out a low moan of approval and after a moment, I repeated the motion. She lay her body back across me, resting her back on my chest as my hands instinctively wrapped around her to cup her round bosom. Her nipples were fully engorged and jutted straight out.

At Aika's direction, my legs were spread outside of Trinh's as she spread her legs, opening her pussy wide. Tim stepped up and standing at the foot of the bed, aimed and thrust himself deep inside Trinh's other hole. With this gorgeous woman sandwiched between us, Tim and I alternately thrust her hips back and forth. Each push of his drove her ass tightly around my shaft. Each push of mine back returned her pussy tightly back over his prick.

Looking to my left I saw that Lisa and Aika had returned to the couch and with their eyes on us, formed a sixty-nine to munch each other as they gazed at the three of us engaged in a double-penetration fucking. Aika's fingers were plunging downwards into Lisa's pussy, driving her up the wall as Lisa's head shook violently into Aika's crotch.

I almost lost it when Trinh orgasmed quickly, her ass muscles clenching around my oversensitized rod. As we continued to pound into her willing body Trinh's orgasm flowed into another one as she screamed so loud I was sure she notified the whole house what we were doing.

When Trinh came a third time in this round the rush of her juices triggered Tim's own release. With a roar he let loose inside of her pussy, filling her already overflowing slit with his own juices. Staggering back he collapsed onto the floor. I was sure he was done for. Seeing this, Aika bounced off of Lisa and buried her mouth in Trinh's crotch, slurping out the combined juices of Tim and Trinh's releases.

I had been working so hard to make this last as long as possible but with Trinh now focusing on getting me off, her ass muscles were proving to be too much. She had her feet braced flat on the bed as she kicked her hips up and down on me with reckless abandon. My hands left her heaving breasts and went to her hips, and at the last moment I put all my strength to pinning her ass down on me. With her hips held tight against mine I let myself go, geysering up into her back door. As I shot up into her ass I felt Trinh's body wracked with a fourth orgasm, her moaning coming in short bursts as she writhed atop me.

We lay there for a few moments, gasping for breath with her quiescent body laid out across my chest. The only sound in the room was the slurping of Aika still drinking down cum out of Trinh's box. Lisa was suddenly next to me kissing me softly. She lifted her head and told me, "Let's get you cleaned up. And then it's my turn."

With regret, I extricated myself from Trinh's ass and allowed Lisa to lead me into Trinh's spacious bathroom. She had a square shower bounded on two sides by wall and two sides by perfectly transparent glass. When satisfied with the shower temperature, she led me into the spray. I let the cool water calm me and wash away the built up sweat. As she took a bar of soap and began to clean me off, I took a moment to re-admire her fabulous body. Her hair fell straight back behind her, plastered to her scalp by the water. Her eyes shimmered in the fluorescent light. I watched as tiny droplets formed on her body and ran in rivers across her perfect tits and dribbled off her erect nipples. My hands traced the curve of her back and slipped down to cup her ass.

Reaching a little lower, my probing finger pressed into the folds of her pussy from behind. My fingertips encountered further warm wetness, but not from the shower. Her head lolled back and her mouth opened in an erotic "O" at my intrusion. Her hands stopped their caressing of my cleaned off rod as I introduced another finger to Lisa's wet box. As my left hand continued their rear assault on her pussy, my right hand slipped down her belly where I found her engorged love button. My middle finger caressed her clit, eliciting another wide-"O" gasp from her, and traced its way along the folds of her cunt. She braced her hands on my shoulders to keep from falling as her legs looked to buckle, and when her eyes closed shut she grimaced momentarily as a quiet orgasm overtook her.

Her eyes snapped open and stared into mine with unadulterated lust and I dared not disappoint. My hands captured hers and propelling her away until her back was pressed against the shower wall, I pinned her arms above her. She yelped when the cold surface encountered her back, and I covered her mouth with my own. I kicked her feet apart and dipping my hips, drove myself upwards and into her soaking pussy, burying all the way in one stroke.

As the water poured around us, Lisa gave out little shrieks as I drove myself upwards into her over and over. Her mouth hung open as she gasped for breath as my head pressed into her chest, tasting her globes and licking the water from the valley between her breasts. All the while she urged, "Fuck me" into my ear. When my arms began to tire from holding her up and against the wall, I disengaged. I spun her about to where she was facing the glass wall, and bent her forwards. Grasping her hips jutting back at me, I thrust into her from behind, pushing her forth until her chest banged against the glass. I'm sure that if anyone were standing on the other side they would have a magnificent view of Lisa's tits pressed flat against the glass.

Pulling back, I drove back in, shoving her chest against the cold glass again and again as the water continued to fall around us. In the moments where I pulled her hips tightly against me as we retracted I could see the fading foggy imprints of her hot tits against the glass. Horribly turned on but running out of steam I continued to pound into her, savoring the perfect feeling of my cock enfolded in Lisa's pussy. She came many times that session such that I could feel her juices pouring around my shaft and out of her, quickly washed away by the water. She yelled out "C'mon, fuck me! Harder!"

I had already come twice this night so I knew I could last awhile, but I couldn't last forever. We'd been going at it so long my hands were severely wrinkled, and we were so lubricated from Lisa's repeated orgasms I rammed into her without any friction. We had returned to face to face fucking, with Lisa's burning hot body pressed against the cool tiled wall again. My tongue danced with hers as we engaged in a frenzied kiss. I poured all of my remaining energy into ramming into her pliant body, leaving nothing to restrain myself. Immediately I felt the walls of my resistance crumbling, and I grunted out, "I'm cumming."

Lisa bore her eyes deep into mine, searching deep into me. At the moment my first jets splashed her inner walls, I saw the little flicker in the back of her irises as she poured over into another orgasm. Our bodies were unmoving, frozen together as one. Neither of us blinked as we shared the electric connection of the pleasure coursing through both our bodies. For a moment, we were one body, one person, one soul.

After what felt like hours, the feeling passed, I lowered her to the ground. My arms ached terribly and without me having to tell her she quietly massaged them. Standing tiptoe, she kissed me gently on the nose, and then taking my hand, exited the shower.

Without speaking, we toweled each other off then poked our heads back out into the room. Steam billowed out of the bathroom and into the cool air of Trinh's bedroom. Tim was apparently not as worn out as I'd originally thought. At the moment, he was plugging away doggy-style into a still hyper Aika, who had her hot mouth slurping away at a reawakened Daphne's cunt. Trinh lay visibly exhausted next to her kissing her gently. Trinh seemed as fascinated by Daphne's large breasts as everyone else. Then, with a low grunt from Tim accompanied by Aika's high-pitched shriek, they both came and collapsed onto the bed in a big heap. The four of them seemed content to snuggle together.
