  At this point if you haven't read at least since Chapter 3 you're probably going to be lost with the story; Cyn starts being more intentional about doing things. Thanks again to everyone who's favorited and left feedback. 

Chip Breakdown:

Clouds: 1, Touching, White

Canaries: 2, Kissing, Yellow

Lipstick: 5, Oral, Red

Skies: 10, Sex, Blue

Grass: 25, Anal, Green

Doubles/Oranges: 25, Double, Orange

Fucked: 100, Forefit, Black 

==================================================================

Cyn put her shirt back on after making sure she didn't have any of Steve's cum left that would stain it. Though in retrospect she guessed several other people's clothes probably had some on them somewhere; she knew Syl's tissue-like dress couldn't have come out unscathed from their escapades yesterday. 

Yesterday? Or was that this morning?

Cyn hadn't actually found relief with Steve, just a thrill at discovering someone at the spa was hiding a monster cock that apparently wasn't getting the attention it deserved. She considered ducking into a secluded corner and taking care of herself, but on the other hand being a little horny seemed to make her more open to the possibilities afforded by the chips she now held. She didn't have any to cash in (her set of Amy's skies had been a casualty of the morning game) but she thought it might make the next game more interesting. 

She didn't notice until she got to it, but the basement looked like it had on Friday. She guessed that every spa-goer was there milling about, and there was a palpable sense of excitement. She wanted to ask Carl about it, but the banker seemed busy, frantically stacking and reshuffling chips, moving a lot of them onto a rolling cart. She scanned the crowd looking for another friendly face. 

Robin and Vincent were having a close conversation near the table. She wouldn't have minded talking to Robin, but she was still miffed at Vincent setting her up and didn't want to deal with that right now. Reminded of the set-up, she looked for the bondage couple. Syl sat at the table and had traded her filmy dress for a less fancy but tightly fitted black dress. Cyn thought she was out of luck at talking to them, but she spotted Bill hanging around the edges of the poker room, swirling a tumbler of golden liquid. 

"Pregaming?" Cyn asked him. 

Bill chuckled. "No," he answered, "I'm staying away from that game, and so should you." 

"Why?" Cyn asked. 

"The late Saturday game is high limit. Three hundred chip maximum. There's probably a thousand worth of chips moving around each hand and the hot ones can get close to ten thousand."

"Holy shit," Cyn exclaimed, and Bill nodded in agreement. 

"I've seen an unprepared player walk out of there owing three hours of their sexual life to one person after a single bad hand. And everyone sitting at that table knows it too." 

Cyn scanned the table, now mostly filled being this close to game time. Vincent, Kathy, Syl, and Noelle she expected to see, as she'd already identified them as the stronger players she knew of. Charles was also there, which Cyn attributed to overconfidence. The surprises for her were seeing Robin, Amy, and Purna seated for play. She looked over at Bill and quizzically gestured to the three women Cyn wasn't as sure of. 

Bill scanned them and said, "Robin's not an amazing player but she can hold her own, and Vincent looks out for her a little bit. Amy and Purna are...different."

"Different how, what's up with Amy?" Cyn asked, remembering her odd encounter with the woman earlier and the number of the girl's chips she had. 

"I think she's an addict," Bill said.

"What's she on?" Cyn asked. She couldn't say she was surprised; in their crowd the access and money they had meant any drug you wanted to try you could. She herself had ready access to weed and ecstasy, and more than one of her high school tests and projects had only been finished with the grace of Adderall. And of course, the fact that there was an open bar at a college gathering said a lot about their familiarity with alcohol. 

"I don't know," Bill admitted, "but I don't know if it's a substance thing. I think she's addicted to the sex. Maybe the gambling."

Cyn shot him another quizzical look and he continued, "She never seems to care who has her chips or what kind of chips they have, but she likes paying them off quickly and she's never shy about asking the bank for more. Syl and I have ended up with her at least every other week, and I know Charles regularly trades around for her chips when he ends up with a lot of guys' favors. She doesn't seem to like it as much when Kathy claims her but she doesn't shy away either, and she won't avoid betting against Kathy." 

"So, she's a sex addict?" 

Bill shrugged. "She's either paying off the favors so fast because she's desperate for the sex, or she's paying the favors to get her chips back so she can sit at the table. You can't get more than double your starting chips from the bank and Amy's had that total maxed out by the end of the first month two years running."

Cyn let a bit of an edge creep into her voice, "And of course, who's going to worry about a sexy girl with throwing herself at them?" 

"I tried talking to her," Bill said, "So did Syl when I mentioned I was worried. She just ended up annoyed and demanded her chips back if we weren't going to 'actually use them'. If she is an addict she's nowhere near ready to acknowledge it. And I could be wrong; she could just like sex. I don't hear stories about her whoring around on campus, she's just really uninhibited here." 

Cyn sighed, thinking that she knew when Vincent first mentioned this place there was probably a dark side to it. "And here I was hoping I could just come back and have fun," she mused. 

"Some people do," Bill said. "I'm pretty sure that's what Robin's doing. But I also get more out of it than that." 

"Oh?" Cyn asked. 

"This isn't just a sex club, Cyn," Bill said. "Whoever set this up didn't just want to get laid. Look at how much you can learn about people watching how they play and how they spend their chips. That translates. Noelle's a classic saleswoman. She's ruthless getting what she wants, gives people a tease, and then demands higher payment for the full experience. Syn's an executive. She's cautious and calculating at the table, considering all the angles and figuring out the best bets to make both of us happy." 

"But...with you two..." 

Bill smiled. "She does the job she knows needs to be done, but that's not what she's going to do forever. I'm betting she'll start a company with some money, run it until someone buys it, and then retire and live on whatever she inherits. She loves the rush of being in control and making decisions when it matters, but alone when she's relaxing she wants someone else to take over. She's already getting tired of the spa," Bill said. 

"She's leaving?" Cyn asked. 

Bill nodded. "After this year we both are. I'm graduating. Syl could stick around for a while but she says she doesn't want to without me around. We think we've gotten enough out of the spa. We got each other, hopefully," he said. 

"Aww," Cyn said. She wiped a fake tear from her cheek, but she actually did think their story was nice. "Make sure you don't leave before we can have some more fun. Apparently, I have a new side I have to explore." 

Bill's smile back at her was more predatory this time. "Don't worry about that," he said, "I kind of prefer to be in charge but I'm willing to share within limits. And we always love pushing limits." 

Cyn felt herself thrill at the heat returning to their conversation, but she didn't want to leave the subject just yet. "So, you've watched Vincent and Kathy too?" 

Bill nodded. "Kathy is easy to figure out, but that doesn't make her less dangerous. She just likes control, and she gets off on being above other people. She never considers other people when spending favors. She doesn't abuse anyone, and she's not exactly mean, but most people don't enjoy when she has their chips. The group has had to speak to her a few times after some of her favors." 

Cyn blanched. "She hurt people?"

"Not exactly, but she definitely was pushing comfort zones, and not in a beneficial way. There are a lot of caveats to the rules that had to be defined because of her." 

"Like what?" 

"For example," Bill said, hesitating a bit, "we now have an officially approved list of sex toys because we needed a way to rule out use of a baseball bat." 

Cyn shuddered and cast a furtive glance over at Kathy before asking, "What about Vincent?"

"Vincent's a mastermind," Bill said, "He's got five different things going on at once all the time. I can't follow them or figure them out, but I know they're happening just the same. It's impressive, and he's generally a good guy, but he also scares me sometimes too. And don't ask me to explain it better than that because I can't. But before you ask, yes, I think he fully planned to have you end up in bed with us last night." 

Cyn felt another, less pleasant jolt run through her. She knew it wasn't accurate, but she felt like Vincent had pimped her out to the couple. If she was honest, she put herself in the situation. Nothing made her put that bet forward, and she assumed a signal from Vincent that may not have been there. Still, if he was as observant and calculating as people seemed to say, Vincent also knew what her likely reactions would have been. 

"If it helps," Bill said, "I don't regret that he did, if he did." 

That snapped Cyn out of her self-reflection. She smiled at the older man. "Thanks." 

She moved away from Bill a bit so she could watch the game as it got under way. They'd gone back to Texas hold'em and Cyn marveled at the difference in the gameplay. The first two games had felt like games. Everyone sat around and chatted, usually the bets were friendly competitions, and nobody pushed the stakes too high. 

In the game going on now, the gloves were off. The minimum bet to see the flop after the first two cards seemed to be fifty, and every bet after was fifty to a hundred. If the game went to the last card, then a three hundred chip bet was almost assumed. Occasionally someone would start the bidding lower, but it was usually someone who knew they had the winning hand and left the other person an out. Cyn observed that if Vincent opened with a low bet on the river, everyone else at the table was better off folding. 

Carl stood by the table with his rolling cart not because the antes were so big but because people were exchanging chips so fast. The betting amounts were so high that anyone with extra clouds, canaries, or lipsticks almost had to change them higher just to avoid needing a shovel to move the bets around. Cyn realized the stakes weren't just high in terms of numbers, but in terms of favors; anyone's chips who ended up on that table wouldn't stay below sky for long, and many of them would end up at grass. She was glad now that Bill warned her off of the game; she would have been too timid to play most of the hands and would probably have given up her position when she did play just through nervousness. 

Cyn almost had a panic attack when she heard her name on one of the antes. It was a lot totaling seventy, and her sky chip from her forfeit fee made up part of it, along with two greens from Kathy and another blue of Robin's. Most of the table folded almost immediately after picking up their cards and Kathy opened with a bet of one-fifty, but Amy and Vincent stayed in. 

Cyn had been watching Amy play and had to agree with Bill; she was either there just for the sake of playing or she was more interested in the favors. She called seemingly just to keep playing and rarely won. When she did it often seemed to be an accident or a hand against Charles when he was on a bad run. In the two hours Cyn watched up to that point, she knew the girl was down nearly two thousand in chips. She owes someone a grass favor by now. Two if she mostly lost to the same people. 

The river cards came down three, king, jack, none of them suited. Amy checked her first bet and Kathy immediately dropped three hundred. Her two opponents didn't hesitate to call when it came around to them. Cyn realized this hand was only going to come down to the cards. Kathy wouldn't fold because she wanted her chips, Amy wouldn't fold for her own questionable reasons, and Vincent seemed equally determined to stay in. She assumed Vincent held two kings and Kathy was hoping to scare him off. 

A nine showed up, introducing the possibility of a straight, but the bets went the same with Kathy immediately going to the limit and the others immediately calling. The last card was a two and eliminated any chance of a flush; there was one of each suit on the table with two spades. Betting went as expected. Over three thousand in chips sat in the middle, a pile of green, orange, and black with two lone blues left over from the ante. 

Amy actually had a pair of nines and twos but that was notable only in that she actually had a scoring hand. Kathy flipped over a pair of kings with a triumphant smile and Cyn winced, wondering how Vincent had let himself be suckered in. 

Vincent flipped over a ten and a queen. 

Cyn had to stop herself from laughing at how Kathy's expression dropped when he revealed his hand. Then she thought about it and wondered what the Irishman had been thinking. A queen and ten was arguably worth betting to see the flop, but when Vincent didn't get a straight the smart move would have been to bow out. 

Carl called a ten-minute break and Cyn approached Vincent, who was also being congratulated by Robin on his win. 

"Why did you do that?" Cyn asked Vincent. 

"Because sticking it to Kathy is awesome," Robin answered for him, but Cyn shook her head. 

"You knew she had to have a pair. Kathy hates losing her chips but she's not stupid. That was not a smart play." 

"It was a calculated risk," Vincent finally responded. "I wanted the ante out of her hands." 

"Why?" Cyn pressed. 

Vincent simply looked up at her with a raised eyebrow and Cyn realized his reason; he was betting on her chip. She backed off without saying anything, turned and walked up the stairs. She went out onto the deck attached to the kitchen and breathed the chilly air, trying to sort through her feelings. She realized every encounter and basically every move she'd made in the spa so far was orchestrated by Vincent other than her win against Kathy that gave her Amy's chips. But ending up with Amy's chips was hardly an accomplishment given how she bet; apparently any pot with a decent number of chips in it was likely to have one of Amy's in there. Cyn resented Vincent's stance of guardian and his manipulation of her time but given how he acted, telling him that would be pointless. 

Fueled by anger and, she thought, more than a little alcohol, Cyn formed a plan in her head. It was fast and probably sloppy, but it was helping Cyn feel like she was getting some of her own back. Cyn went in search of Bill and Sylvia. She found them in the kitchen and pulled them into a side room for a quick conversation. 

"Look, I want to get at someone's chips, but I can't sit down at that game. I'm...You were right, Bill, I'm not ready for it. So, first question: are you allowed to make deals about a game that's going on?" 

The couple looked at each other and shrugged. "Yeah," Bill said, "there have been people that staked a better player because they didn't want to risk their own chips." 

"Okay, this isn't...exactly like that. I want Robin's chips. Two hundred worth, skies if possible," Cyn told them. 

Syl looked worried. "You can get that next week in a lower stakes game," she suggested, but Cyn was shaking her head. 

"I want them tonight. It's...I'm making a point, and I don't want to explain it because it's complicated and it's probably stupid. But anyway, I'll pay you two for one." 

"You don't have that many of Amy's chips," Bill said, though he didn't sound sure.

"That's a lot of your chips, are you sure you want-" Syl began but then Cyn stepped over and grabbed the girl's hair. She wasn't pulling, but she had a forceful grip. Cyn brought her mouth up to Cyn's ear. 

"Are you saying I don't know what I want?" Cyn asked forcefully. 

She stepped back. Despite her tone and performance, Cyn's heart was pumping; it was possible she'd just crossed a serious line. Syl had said they didn't do the dom/sub thing much outside the bedroom and Cyn was basically a stranger. Sure, they'd all sort of had sex but in the spa that didn't mean anything except you'd gotten lucky at poker. 

"Fuck," Syl said, "Don't do that to me right before I have to play, you bitch." 

Her tone was playful, and she spoke with a smile. Cyn almost collapsed in relief, especially when she saw Bill's expression soften. Syl seemed to collect herself and straightened. 

"Right, two hundred sexy chips from the runway model. Would you like someone's ass with that?" Syl teased. 

"That I can't afford," Cyn replied. 

"Sure you can," Bill said, "You just have to spend an hour satisfying both of us." 

"I'm thinking that might happen anyway?" Cyn said. 

"Smart girl," Bill said, "Shall we?" 

Cyn shook her head. "I think I need some time away from the excitement," she explained, "do you mind if I use your room?" 

"It's not really our room, so go for it," Bill said as they walked off. 

*****

Cyn woke up. She hadn't meant to fall asleep, but after playing on her phone for a bit the fact that she'd only gotten two hours of sleep in the last forty-eight hours plus the adrenaline surge she'd got from enacting her ploy wearing off made her crash. It was dark outside and the lights in the room were dim, but it was light enough to see what had woken her. There were three stacks of skies sitting on the night table. Cyn reached out and picked one up to see Robin's name on it. 

"Payment on delivery," Syl said. 

Cyn's surrogate player stood next to the bed in a gown that barely qualified as clothing. It seemed to only be a sheet with a hole for one's head, and it was made of material that not only couldn't be warm, it was basically see-through. The only other thing Syl seemed to have on was her gold and silver choker, but it was missing the chain this time. Cyn rose to her knees and let the covers fall off, revealing her fully naked form. She leaned forward and kissed Syl tenderly as a thank you and a start to the payment. Syl responded in kind, immediately engaging in the kiss but not forcing it. Their tongues ventured out and found each other naturally and Cyn pulled the woman closer, the lacy material rubbing against her, teasing Cyn with Syl's warmth but preventing contact with the woman's body. 

As she thoroughly kissed the woman in front of her, larger, rougher hands came from behind. Starting at her ass, they kneaded Cyn's cheeks and trailed up her sides, sending frissions up her back. The hands quickly ascended to cup her breasts and though it hadn't been a long or thorough tease, the kissing plus the contact made Cyn pull back from the kiss to let out a moan. As she did, Syl descended to her breasts and began sucking and licking the gifts offered by her lover's hands. Bill's naked form finally settled in behind Cyn. His bare chest, slightly rough from his hair, pressed against her back, and she could feel his hard cock settle just above her ass. Cyn pushed back a bit, sitting on his thighs and shifting so his rod settled in her crack. 

"How do you want to do this?" Cyn asked breathlessly as Syl continued working her into a frenzy. 

"By the rules, you're our plaything for at least the next half hour, as long as we don't sodomize you," Bill said. 
