 Part 5: Beach Party

***

What have I done?

Friday morning and I awoke to a strange room. The walls and ceiling were all painted a matte black, with hundreds of little plastic glow-in-the-dark stars and moons hanging everywhere. The only light came in from a solitary window where the shade had been pulled up. Sitting on a loveseat with her feet pulled up and under her, Quyen was bathed in the glow of the morning light.

Her long, dark hair hung loosely over her shoulder and cascaded down her back as her deep eyes gazed out the window, as if in intense contemplation. She wore a large men's button down shirt, and apparently nothing else. She turned to look at me as I tried to sit up, saying nothing.

I say I tried to sit up because there was a heavy object on my chest. I glanced down to see the still naked form of Trinh laying next to me, with her head and right arm pillowed on me. Absently, I gently cradled her body to me, feeling her warmth. She stirred, but did not wake.

Looking back towards the window, I locked eyes with Quyen, her mesmerizing stare boring into the back of my head. I love eyes and the way hers glowed enraptured my soul. But there was a coldness to them that was a little off-putting. A bit shaken by her gaze, I broke the eye contact and looked about the room.

Tim and Daphne were cuddled with each other, much in the same way Trinh and I were, but on the floor with a quilt covering them. A black analog clock over the door showed that it was just after 6 AM. And then I thought of Lisa. She would probably still be asleep, but she would have gone to bed wondering where I was. I carefully slid out from under Trinh's tempting body, placing a warm pillow underneath her head. For a moment I gazed at her magnificent nude figure, but fear of Lisa's reaction kept any hormones at bay. For the millionth time I wondered, what had I done?

I got my clothes together as Quyen watched me silently from her perch in the corner of the room. Without thinking, I leaned down to give Trinh a soft kiss on the forehead, but stopped myself short. I'm devoted to Lisa. I'm devoted to Lisa.

As quickly, but as quietly as possible, I slipped out the door and rushed downstairs, hoping no one saw me in this early morning. I briskly walked to the back end of the parking lot; it had been pretty full when I arrived yesterday. On the way I saw Lisa's car, closer to the House than mine. With any luck, she would not have seen that my car was here all night. I drove home to shower and change. I was still exhausted from last night's exertions, and less than five hours of sleep did not help nearly enough. After stumbling out of the shower, I fell onto my bed and closed my eyes. Just before passing out, I whispered a silent "good luck" for Lisa and her final.

***

I sat on the desk chair in my bedroom, packing up nonessential items and planning on how to pack the rest. It was now Friday afternoon, and Lisa would have just finished with her final exam. What had I done? And what was I going to do? I was sure that Lisa was expecting me to come to her last night, to support her in her preparation for her last final as we had planned. She would want to know where I had been. What had I been doing? How was the party? Why had I not come to her?

I made up every elaborate excuse possible in the known universe, from staying away in her best interest to being kidnapped by aliens and rectally probed. In the end I knew what I had to do. I had to tell her the truth. I didn't know if I loved Lisa, but I knew that she was special, and what we had shared in the past week was special. I couldn't lie, and I had to come clean. Tim and Daphne were there last night also, and Daphne would surely tell Lisa about what happened eventually even if I tried to lie. I would tell her the truth and hope she would be forgiving. It wasn't like I had not slept with other women in the past week. I had in fact done so with her express permission and encouragement, remembering Aika and the bell tower. Surely she would understand a drunken orgy with the very friends and sorority sisters I'd banged when Lisa was present. If Lisa truly loved me, she could understand and forgive me.

The phone rang. It was her. "Hi honey!" She sounded cheerful. I was straining to detect the wounded tone I expected in her voice.

"Hi!" I was trying to be as positive as possible. "How was the final?"

"Oh, it was great! I think I may have had one problem with the last essay question, but I'm pretty sure I got a good grade!" She sounded so happy and excited.

"Look, about last night..."

"Oh, don't worry about it," she interrupted. "I figured that you wanted to let me focus on my final. It's so sweet that you cared enough to stay away from me instead of letting me get distracted. I know you wanted to come over. But it worked out great because I went straight to bed, got a good night's rest, and aced the final this morning!"

Wow. Was she serious? She was happy that I didn't come over last night? "Uh, I'm happy for you, Lisa."

"And I wanted to thank you personally, so don't go anywhere, mister." There was a playfully sexual tone to her last comment, and the sound of her happy voice all but melted away my fears. "I'll be over in a ten minutes!" 

It was closer to fifteen minutes, and the extra five only made me think more. I was waiting in the living room while some of my other buddies were watching a baseball game and shouting at the TV. I was thinking that I should tell her. She would find out eventually anyway. But in the middle of my last thought Lisa came through the door looking more gorgeous than ever. The guys were hooting at her superb figure now, the game all but ignored as they saw Lisa for the first time.

"Dude, you don't deserve that!"

"Hey baby, wanna ditch that loser and come play with a BIG boy?"

Lisa giggled at the attention, but simply crossed the room and planted a big, fat kiss on my lips. That shut up the boys pretty quickly. And she was stunning. She had on those heels with the straps that wrapped up her ankles that I adored so much. A tight black microskirt barely covered her tight, round ass. An equally tight pastel yellow tube top was cropped high to show off a flat tummy leading up to her voluminous breasts straining at the fabric and nearly spilling out of the top. Her streaked golden hair flowed loosely down her back, and that twinkle of joy was in her eyes. Without a word to the guys, she took my hand and led me back to my bedroom as the guys whistled and grunted after us.

Once in my room, she locked the door and turned off the lights, leaving the only illumination in the room the little bit of sunlight that glowed around the closed window drapes. She also turned on an old lava lamp I'd had for years, casting a deep blue shade throughout the room. Then Lisa turned and directed me into my desk chair, which was a simple, armless, swivel chair. She then crossed to my sound system, and extracted a CD from her purse, popping it in and starting up a song with a good rhythm but sounding like it came from a strip club. My eyes were hungrily taking in her lithe form, and I was starting to strain against my shorts as I watched her boobs jiggle around whenever she moved. There was quite obviously no bra inside of that tube top.

"You poor baby. It's been more than a whole day since you last got laid. I think that's the longest you've ever gone without sex in the last week!" She obviously didn't know about what I did last night, and must have been thinking back to the bell tower, although memory of the bell tower only made my dick even harder.

"Well, I'm going to make it up to you now. A thank you for letting me study for my final and waiting so patiently for me." She leaned forwards, her lips only inches from mine. I automatically leaned towards her to kiss her, but she stopped me with a hand to my chest. "No touching."

Then she closed her eyes and began to move. In time with the thumping beat coming from the speakers scattered around my room, her hips were popping this way and that. With exotic grace, she danced with the music while I watched her gorgeous form bounce and weave ever closer to me. I wanted to tell the truth about last night, but the erotic sight before me was too good to ruin. My adrenaline was pumping with my hormones, and I wanted to get laid. She was right next to me, showing off her round bottom and shoving it into my face when I reached up a hand to caress her, but she slapped my hand away at the last second. "No touching."

Still with that ass in my face, she began to slide the microskirt down her legs, revealing inch by inch that supple flesh I'd wanted to touch. With every inch further down, she revealed a nice pair pastel yellow panties, high cut over her hips and matching her top. At long last, the skirt dropped to the floor and she pulled her heeled feet through it, then kicked it aside.

The CD was by now on a faster song, and I watched her erotic dance continue as she now thrust her chest into my face, shaking side to side to cause her bosom to jiggle playfully. Then standing back, her hands went to the hem of her top. Still in motion with the music, she slipped the top upwards, until it was folded almost in half but still over her breasts. She left it there for a minute and kept bouncing with the music, the top now only a tight strip of fabric across the middle of her breasts, covering the nipples but revealing the top and bottom of each tit.

She straddled me and sat in my lap as she gazed straight into my eyes; her hands firmly attached to my wrists to remind me I was not allowed to touch her. Then with her chest in my face, she lifted her arms and pulled the tube top completely off of her, revealing those globes I had been fantasizing about for the last ten minutes. The moment was such a rush I nearly spewed my shorts right then and there.

Still in my lap she kept gyrating, and I felt the dampness of her pussy on my legs. With my hands still trapped to my sides, she pulled my head down; burying it in her bosom as she dry humped my engorged member still trapped in my shorts. I could hear her panting with arousal, and all I wanted to do was seize her, bend her over, and take her right now.

But she had other ideas as she got up from my lap, and turning around bent down to touch her toes, her pantied ass once again in my face. Then still folded over, she reached up and began to drag those panties down her legs, leaving her wearing only the heels, her earrings, and a big smile. She did a slow pirouette, letting my eyes drink in every curve of her naked form. I'd seen her nude body a hundred times, but had never been held back from even reaching out to touch her for this long before. My lust for her body and amazement at her beauty threatened to overwhelm my senses.

Undressing me came next, with my sandals kicked off; she ripped my shirt over my head and dragged my shorts and boxers to the floor, leaving me sitting in my birthday suit on my desk chair. All the while, the cheesy strip club music blared in the background.

I was about to just ignore her "no touching" rule and make a grab for her when Lisa got to me first. Her cool hand encircled my staff sticking out like a flagpole, quickly joined by her mouth. Up and down her head bobbed in my lap, sending sparks of pleasure shooting into my brain. Her hand pumped me, coaxing the sperm out of my balls while her left hand squeezed and caressed my heavy balls. My mind fondly raced back to exactly a week ago, almost to the same hour when we had first done this. I had accidentally barged in on her and Daphne, and Lisa had then just waltzed up and given me the blowjob of a lifetime.

I couldn't help but groan and moan at the pleasure she was giving me, her tongue expertly swirling about and dancing on my little head. I had been so turned on by Lisa's little striptease that I knew I couldn't last long, especially with Lisa's hot mouth. And then my balls were tightening as they readied their load, but in that instant she backed away and released me from her mouth.

I groaned out at how close I had come, but Lisa had a wicked grin on her face. "No coming, either." She waited for a moment, just watching my cock spasm as it strained at the border between release and denial, and when my hand moved to finish myself off she stopped me. "No touching yourself either."

At that moment I hated that grin she had on her face, but my gun apparently got the idea that it wasn't going to get to shoot off right now, and settled down. At this, Lisa leaned forwards, trapping my still very hard rod between her ample breasts, and began to move up and down, enfolding it with her warm flesh. Her hand was still on my balls, careful for any sign of imminent explosion. Every so often, she would slide me up all the way to her waiting lips, bathing the head with her tongue or popping me into her mouth for just a moment. She brought me closer and closer with her warm titfuck until I could feel the tightening in my crotch as I neared my climax. I visualized the sticky white explosion as I coated her face and chest with my seed.

But it was not to be, as she removed herself once again. I moaned my disapproval at coming so close, yet not quite to the end. She waited until I had calmed down, then planting her feet, still in those heels, on either side of my chair; she lowered her steaming crotch into my lap. She trapped my rod so that it pushed out under her ass, and with it sandwiched down there, she began to get herself off on me. She rotated her hips downwards to rub her clit against my rod, gyrating in my lap as I stared into her eyes and felt the hard tips of her erect breasts pushing into my chest. Faster and faster she moved in my lap, and I could hear her panting speed up in frequency. She was whimpering now, her eyes closed and her teeth clenched as she neared her orgasm, and with a deafening scream into my ear she let loose, coating my lap with her orgasmic fluids. She called out my name as she shuddered in my lap, vibrating in my arms as I absently wrapped them around her, forgetting the "no touching" rule; but she didn't mind. After a minute, she relaxed, then leaned forwards and kissed me on the nose. "I think that's enough teasing for you."

I couldn't agree more. My hardon was now quite painful, my whole body attuned and geared towards getting myself off. Lifting her hips, I redirected my cock and placed it into her folds. Then forcefully, violently I yanked her down onto me, penetrating her in one go. With her heels on the floor for leverage we fucked energetically, driving at each other with wild abandon. We were flailing about so much I had to devote some energy just to keeping us from falling off the chair. With all of the teasing, I knew I wouldn't last long and so after only a few minutes, I was grunting my climax as I came harder than I could ever remember. I slammed her hips down onto me one last time and held Lisa there as I erupted, bellowing loud enough I'm sure all of my buddies could hear over the television.

Spent, I had just enough energy to lift Lisa up and lay her gently across my bed, my juice oozing slightly out of her pussy. I crawled atop her, face to face, supporting my weight on my elbows instead of crushing her. For a moment, we said nothing, and I closed my eyes as we tenderly kissed. I felt the electric connection between us buzzing in my head, sparks of pleasure bursting from my brain and passing into her by way of our locked lips. I cradled her head in my arms as my hands stroked her head, my fingers combing through her hair.

And then our little quiet platonic moment was broken when I felt her hand on my tool, her fingers delicately tickling it as I felt the blood rush out of my head to ready my body for another go. Without a word, she looked at me sweetly and her hand changed into a pistoning motion as I felt rigidity return to my rod.

Before we went any further, I knew I wanted to please her first. I was pretty sure this was the first time I'd ever orgasmed before Lisa did while having making love, and it was not something I was especially proud of. I gently kissed my way down her chest, of course paying special attention to her upturned breasts, nibbling and pecking in a light path down to her hips. She sighed with pleasure and giggled whenever my touch tickled her. My lips brushed in and past her navel, down to her neatly trimmed bush. But at the last moment, when the logical path would have taken me to her now engorged clit, I veered left and continued down her leg. Lisa lightly slapped me on the back of my head. "You damn tease."

I popped up for only a moment to mutter, "You should be talking," then acquiesced by taking my nibbling pathway back up her leg and towards her crotch. But right at the last moment, once again, I veered off to the right and began down her other leg. Lisa only laughed and then hit me harder on the back of my head. "Get back where you belong, dammit!"

"Yes, ma'am." And I dove in, to be rewarded with the sharp intake of breath as my tongue headed directly for her pleasure button. I lapped up and down the length of her slit, dallying around at the top to tease her hard nub, and also at the bottom to tickle that delicate spot between her vagina and ass. My hands moved from their perches on Lisa's tight ass and moved upwards to worship her perfect tits.

It seemed like I was not the only put on edge by the teasing, and Lisa came quickly, her juices gushing out and coating my lips after only a few minutes of my ministrations. I headed back in to bring her to another orgasm, but she grabbed my head in her hands and stopped me. "Honey, I want to give you my ass."

That stopped me short. We'd tried it once seemingly a long time ago, and while the experience was incredible, she had distinctly avoided having anal sex ever since.

"I know you haven't done it since that one time, but I want to please you in every way!" Her voice was so soothing and tender, filled with love. There was no way she could know I'd just ass-fucked Trinh only last night. But that didn't mean I had to turn her down.

While I didn't have the bottle of lube that Trinh and Quyen kept, I wasn't entirely unprepared for this situation. A woman's ass is the kind of trophy that every guy dreams about and stays ready for, like keeping a condom in their wallet just in case they get lucky at a bar. I had a small tube of jelly in my drawer, and quickly crossed the room to retrieve it.

After coating my now fully erect rod, I began to coat the rim of Lisa's asshole. She was sweating with lustful anticipation, and the way my fingers kept drifting into teasing her cunt didn't exactly help to keep her calm. I pulled her body until her hips were at the end of the bed, and squirted the rest of the jelly up her chute. Then lifting her legs up to hang over my shoulders, I grasped her hips and slowly pushed my way inside her.

The feeling was exquisite, and unbelievably tight. Lisa had her eyes squeezed tightly shut with mixed pain and pleasure, and was moaning up a storm. Once it seemed that she had gotten used to my presence, I began to buck back and forth from my position standing at the foot of the bed, backing slowly outwards and pushing in with greater speed. Her buoyant bosom would bounce with each thrust, an erotic yo-yo effect as I propelled her body back and forth.

I could feel that I could last for awhile, and as we fucked over and over again the lubrication was joined by rivers of her pussy juices cascading downwards and coating themselves on my rod. We became a smoothly oiled machine, thrusting back and forth with almost no friction as her body relaxed and gave itself willingly to the pleasure. With a loud scream, she came, and without any direct stimulation to her pussy.

I began to tire from our efforts, and released her legs so that she would wrap them about my hips. I leaned forwards onto her chest as I continued to drive up her backdoor, she held my head in her hands and kissed me lovingly. I lost track of how much time we spent making love this way, but the CD she was playing had stopped and I was sure my roommates could now hear perfectly the moans and grunts emanating from my room.
