 Man, what a long morning, I'm so fucking horny after spending last night finding just the right porno movie to send over to my sexy little Jan. I finally found just the one I wanted, the star looked very much like Jan and she gets used over and over by from one to six men in leather masks. I had it sent to her this morning by special messenger with instructions not to open it. Then a little while ago Lori brings me pictures of what she sent to Jan. The dress was hot but it was the night gown that got my attention. It was just barely long enough to cover the models pussy, is red silk with black lace trim top and bottom and was more than just low cut. It only covered the bottom quarter of the models tits and acted like a pushup bra making for a truly spectacular site. The model wearing it tits were not near as big as Jan's so the effect on hers should be incredible! Now I think it's time give my little slut a call. 

J: Hello Master 

C: Did you receive the two packages I sent. 

J: Yes Master, the clothes are VERY sex and fit perfectly. I didn't open the small package as you ordered. 

C: Very good, the small one is a special DVD that I want you to watch as soon as we finish here. You will strip naked and watch the movie all the way through twice while playing with your tits and pussy. Bring yourself to the very edge of orgasm over and over until the is movie done, but DO NOT cum, understand! DO NOT cum. I want my little sex toy to be just one big sex nerve when we meet tonight. Be there at 8PM sharp! 

J: Yes Master 

Thoughts of beautiful little Jan stretched out nude, playing with her incredible tits and sweet little pussy made me hornier than ever. My cock is throbbing so bad I can hardly stand it; maybe I'll call Lori in to take care of it for me. 

"Sir, Martin Ross is here to see you," Lori interrupted on the intercom. Damn forgot about him, well I do owe him big time for the help he gave me on the West Coast deal, bet he wants something. 

"Send him in Lori and check my reservation for tonight, make sure I get the private VIP room and that Antonio is my waiter," I replied. Well let's see what my buddy Marty has on his mind, I know what's on my mind, FUCKING! "Well old buddy what's on your mind," I greeted my friend. 

"That secretary of yours for one thing, she's about the sexiest woman I've ever seen," Marty replied. Lori did look very sexy today wearing a soft floral print dress with ruffled collar that buttoned all the way down the front with nothing under it except pure sexy woman. Maybe I can kill two birds with one stone, take care of my hard cock and repay Marty at the same time.

I clicked the intercom and said, "Lori forward all my calls and come in here."

"If you'd like to have her that can be arranged right now, I asked Marty with an evil grin on my face as Lori wiggled sexily into the room. "Would you like to fuck her right now or take her home with you?" I inquired of my stunned friend 

"Lori take off your dress my friend wants to see you naked so he can decide whether to fuck you silly now or take you home for later!" Were my orders to my hot secretary.

"Damn Charlie you sure know how to repay a favor, man she's really something!" Marty drooled as Lori opened her dress, slid it slowly off her shoulders and dropped it to the floor. She was completely naked now as I moved up behind her, slipped my hands around her tan sexy body and cradled her huge melons. 

"Well what's it gonna be, now or later?" I asked my wide eyed friend while squeezing Lori's big tits and flicking her hard nipples with my thumbs. She leaned her nude body back against me, began to moan and breathe heavily as my attention to her breasts and nipples began to take effect. 

"How about both?" Marty asked as he opened his pants and released his semi hard cock. "What a about it slut you want this monster all weekend?" He continued as his cock stretched to a full 8 or 9 inches as he stroked it hard. 

"She'll do anything you want if I tell her to cause she belongs to me so don't ask her. You can have her over the weekend just bring her back unmarked, other than that use her anyway you please. Now slut, go let Marty see how those big jugs of yours feel." I said as I pushed Lori's hot body towards him. As she leaned over and offered her swaying breasts to him, I slipped my hand between her thighs and spread her pussy lips with my fingers and kneeled behind her sexy bare ass. Her whole body began to shake as Marty dug his fingers into her big tits and sucked her hard nipples. 

"If you beg me slut I might lick your pussy," I asked while fingering her white hot sex hole. 

"PLEASE!!!!!! Master lick me, eat me like the slut I am!" Lori moaned in lust. I flicked my tongue lightly up and down her sex slit which only served to increase her wanting. "MORE!!!!!PLEASE sir give me more," the overheated slut begged.

"Suck his cock real good slut and I may let you cum" I taunted my half crazed secretary as I began to lick her clit like a hungry animal. She attacked Marty's huge cock like a mad women while trying to hump her clit harder onto my tormenting tongue. I wanted to save my sexual energy for Jan but it took all the will power I had to keep from fucking her dripping wet cunt with my throbbing hard cock. 

"Damn hot cock sucking bitch she's gonna make me cum, OH GOD!!!!!!!!!!!" Marty bellowed as he forced the entire length of his huge cock down Lori's throat and pumped her full of hot sperm. She ground her dripping wet pussy into my face and let out a muffled moan as a massive organism swept over her. They both collapsed in each other arms as I stood by with a raging lust consuming my whole body. God I can't wait to get my hands on Jan, she's going to get MORE than she bargained for! 

Later at the restaurant. 

I sat waiting for Jan in the private VIP room sipping a rum and coke, as the clock struck eight Antonio opened the door and there she was. She looked incredible, her hair and make up were perfect while her small frame and large breasts looked so sexy in the low cut black dress that Lori had picked out. The dress was a soft black clingy material that just welded itself lightly to her small body, while it was fitted around her bust, lifting her huge tits up to show an incredible amount of cleavage. 

"Sit down slut, you are very sexy, my cocks getting hard for you already. Did you follow my orders today?" I questioned her, so full of sexual tension I had to use a lot of self control to keep from throwing her on the table and fucking her brains right then. 

"Yes Sir" Jan answered softly with a look in her eyes I didn't like, I would go into that more with her later, now I was just satisfied filling my lusty eyes with her sexy image. We ordered and eat our food without anymore talking for we both were thinking only of sex. She had no idea about what I had planned for her right here in the restaurant. 

The busboy came and cleaned the table and as he left I told him to send Antonio back in. "Antonio has been my waiter for as long as I have been coming here and does some very special things for me," I told Jan just as he entered the room. 

"Lock the door Antonio and come over here and meet Jan, she's, Donna my ex-wife's daughter. You remember Donna don't you old friend" I questioned the tall dark man standing there starring at Jan's big tits. 

"Oh, yes sir I DO remember Donna very well, but may I say sir her daughter is much more attractive," Antonio commented as he continued to leer down at the massive cleavage my little slut was displaying to him. Jan was obviously very uncomfortable sitting there being ogled by what she perceived as the hired help. 

"Not only that my friend but she has a much nicer rack than her mom's, but wait maybe you need a better look to be sure. Jan drop the top of your dress and give him a good look!" I said to a very stunned little lady. She froze and didn't move so I said again in MUCH sterner tone voice "I said show him your tits NOW slut!" 

"Yes sir," Jan replied as she slipped the thin straps of dress off her beautiful shoulders and pulled the soft materiel of dress down freeing her big breasts for him to see. The cool air of the room immediately had the most wonderful effect on her nipples causing them to pop out like little rosebuds. 

"Yes I agree sir they do look better than Donna's but do they feel better than hers did, may I sir," Antonio questioned as he moved to fondle my little slut's bare breasts, which he did for several moments much to the discomfort of my formerly prim and proper companion. "I have played with your ex's tits a lot and these are much nicer, do you want her to have the special desert Donna always asked for, sir!" he questioned while kneading Jan sweet melons. 

"Yes I think she would like that. Jan go kneel in front of him and suck his big cock like your mother used to. Suck it good and he'll pump your desert right down your throat! Hurry slut can't you see the man's horny!" I commanded my sexy slave. 

"Yes sir," Jan replied in a trembling voice as she moved to kneel before my tall waiter friend. He unzipped his pants and brought out his enormous cock, it was 8" long half hard and as big around as her tiny arm. 

"Use your mouth only slut put your hands behind your back and don't move them. Fuck her, Antonio use her mouth like a cunt, ram it to her!" I commanded as I watched the my petite lady take his 10" monster cock in her mouth as best she could. He put his hand on the back of her head and began to fuck his hard rod in and out like a machine until his head rolled and his eyes became glazed with lust. I watched him fuck her little mouth with sex crazed eyes for what seemed like forever, as my own cock threatened to explode. Then with one last ram he arched his back and exploded his sperm deep down her throat gagging her with the shear volume of his cum. 

After a moment to recover Antonio calmly put his spent cock away and looked at Jan's limp body still kneeling before him and asked, "Will there be any thing else sir?" in very soft voice. 

"No that will be all and thank you for your efficient service. Please don't disturb us anymore tonight." I told my big cocked friend. "Come here slut, we have something to finish." I summoned to Jan still kneeling where Antonio had left her. She stood with some difficulty and came slowly to me with a look of sadness on her petty face. "What's wrong little one" I asked as she stood half naked before me. 

"Master I thought you wanted me for your own not as some kind of performer to watch and be watch by others. Aren't I good enough for you sir? Jan asked with tears in her eyes. 

I said nothing but pulled her tiny body onto my lap and cupped her pretty face with my hands. "Jan you must learn there are many ways a man like me can derive pleasure from a beautiful possession like you and we have only just scratched the surface of them. Now it's time for you to bring us both pleasure." I lectured her. Then I removed her dress and brought her sexy soft body close to me so that her cunt was open to me and ready to be impaled on rock cock. I ran my finger inside her to test her readiness and her pussy was on fire with lust. She threw her head back and moaned as I stroked her sex, gently at first and then with more passion. 

"Please Master let me fuck you and bring us release! Please I beg you! LET ME FUCK YOUR COCK!!!!!!!" she begged like a person dying of thrust begs for water. My own lust had reached the point of no return so I pulled her tortured little body down on my rock hard cock and began to fuck her like she had never been fucked before. My big hands clamped on her small hips and thrust her body up and on my cock faster and faster until I thought I'd go mad. 

Jan tossed her head back, arched her back and begged "PLEASE LET ME CUM MASTER PLEASE! I can't stand it anymore PLEASE! MASTER! PLEASE! FOR GODS SAKE LET ME CUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I said nothing just kept up my relentless fucking of my helpless slave. Her eyes glazed over and her cries became incoherent as I used her body like it had never been used before. Then when I could no longer stand it I decided to release us both. 

"CUM SLUT CUM FOR ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I yelled as my own cock exploded inside her, she began to organism like I'd never seen a women do before! Her whole being seamed to erupt in a minute long spasm of release, then she collapsed onto my shoulder and passed out. 

I let her rest there in my arms thinking that this was just the beginning of her trip down the long road of sexual perversion. I looked down on her beautiful innocent face and soft little body with warm smile and began to make plans. 

More to cum!