 There are no customers in the store, just the cute, punky blue-haired girl who works behind the counter. I know because we planned it that way...

I enter before you, and head over to the magazine rack. I look around a bit, checking that the store is empty before grabbing a porn mag off the shelf. As I take it up to the counter, you enter the store as well, making a beeline for the same spot. We reach the counter at the same time.

The employee has surely seen what it is I grabbed from the rack, and I now look super embarrassed at finding myself in close proximity to two beautiful girls with a porn magazine in my hand. I have it pretty much rolled up and at my side, practically hidden from you, the other customer. I try to look like I'm searching for something else, hoping that you'll just buy something and leave.

"Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead," you say, noticing me there. My eyes dart to the punky girl-whose tight black tank top isn't doing the best job of hiding her big breasts- and then you. I look trapped. 

"No, that's ok, you go ahead." My eyes are on the floor.

"No, I insist-you were here first. I don't want to be rude. Please-after you." Trapped.

I go to put the magazine on the counter, face down, but manage to almost drop it. One of the little subscription inserts falls out in the process, and being a friendly co-customer, you bend down a pick it up for me. It is almost in my hand before you see that there is a naked woman on it, her legs spread eagle. You pass it to me and give blue-hair behind the counter a little smirk.

She flips the magazine over to locate the price. There is a naked woman on the cover, standing up in a bathtub, dripping wet. The girl rings me in, acting totally professional. "That's $6.99."

I am rooting around in my pockets in a flustered manner, unable to find my wallet or any money. The magazine sits there on the counter, face up in front of the three of us.

You lean in a bit as I'm hurriedly searching for cash and focus on the magazine. "Guess you were planning a night in, by yourself," you say in a slightly mocking tone while smiling at the girl employee. She laughs a bit, but it's definitely an uncomfortable, don't-know-what-else-to-do laugh. She seems a bit embarrassed for me.

"Uh...ya," I stammer in reply as I frantically try and find my money.

You lean on the counter, and as the punky girl's eyes widen you begin to flip though the pages of the porn mag. "Oh, my," you say as you flip by a series of photos of a couple fucking in a locker room. The last photo is a full-page spread with the man lying on his back on a bench, the woman's pussy practically smothering his face as his tongue touches her clit. "Is this the kinda stuff you get off on?" you ask, directing the question to me but making eye contact with the girl behind the counter. Your little smile seems to communicate that you are getting great pleasure from embarrassing me. She can't believe what's happening. 

"I'm sorry?" I manage to say. You continue to flip through the pages. "This kind of...material-is this what gets you going?"

I look at you, and then sheepishly at the girl. "Uh, well, I don't know." You come across a set of photos with two women sucking a man's cock. One of them laps at his balls while the other is taking his long shaft into her mouth. Now blue-hair is starting to look a little flustered herself.

"Or maybe you just read it for the articles," you say looking me in the eye. "While turning the pages with one hand, I'm sure." The girl seems sure that she should say something, but is so shocked that she just stands there speechless, pictures of a hot threesome right under her nose.

I finally find a ten-dollar bill and hand it over the counter. "God, how perverted," you say as you turn the pages to the end of the scene, one of the women licking the man's cum off of the other's tits. "You know, I bet when you're home you'll pretend that this is us," you say, and you make a little gesture with your hand that seems to indicate yourself and blue-hair, but it's hard to say.

At this point, it's my turn to take action. I close the magazine on the counter and turn to you. "I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you. Knowing that I'm gonna go home and imagine that you're one of those women." You seem a bit taken aback by me speaking, as does our audience of one. "You'd just love to think about that, wouldn't you-me looking at those pictures, naked and stroking myself, visualizing you. I bet that's what you're going to think about when you get home, and I bet you're hands are gonna be busy too." You are staring at the floor, looking like you've been caught doing something wrong. Blue-hair is watching intently, still shocked at the scene in front of her. I glance down quickly and see that her nipples are just starting to poke through her tank top.

"In fact," I continue-now taking my turn to smile coyly at the girl, " I wouldn't be surprised if really you were less interested in going home and playing with yourself-while thinking of me-and more interested in acting out a few of these...scenarios-with me." I tap the magazine on the counter for emphasis. 

"Hmm, I feel like maybe I'm right? Why don't you just be honest, and stop being such a little tease. Isn't that what you really want?" Now your eyes dart sheepishly to our stunned spectator before looking back down. 

"Yes," you reply, almost inaudibly. 

"Good," I smile, touching your arm. "Let's go." I turn to blue-hair behind the counter- who may as well have her jaw on the floor-and point at the magazine. "Uh, don't need that after all-sorry." As we walk away from the counter, you whisper something in my ear, and in response I give your ass a little slap just as we leave the store.

We are in bed together in a matter of minutes, both of us horny as hell. We fuck each other urgently, both of us thinking about how turned on our little show must have made that girl. We imagine her going home and jamming her fingers in and out of herself, excited beyond words at having watched two "strangers" hook up like that. We are both close to orgasm, and I am whispering in your ear. "I bet she's thinking about us right now-picturing you sucking my cock, imagining you grinding your pussy into my face. Think of her-squeezing one of those big tits with one hand while finger fucking herself with the other-all the while imagining what you look like on all fours with your ass in the air." You're whimpers fill the room. " I bet she's thinking about your pussy-trying to picture it. Wondering if you shave or not. I'm sure she's fantasizing that your pussy is nice and smooth...wishing she could run her tongue along those smooth lips...wanting to taste it..." This sends you over the edge and you come hard underneath me. 

I am starting to really moan now, thrusting into you, and now it's you who's talking in my ear. "I bet she wishes we'd invited her to join us. She'd probably love to be behind you right now, helping out as you fuck me. Running her little punk rock tongue piercing along the underside of you balls-how does that sound?" At this point, I find it hard to answer. 

"Or maybe her tongue would end up somewhere else..." and with that you run a wet finger lightly over my asshole, causing me to grunt. "Would that be ok?" I make some sound approximating yes, lost in my building climax. My imagination takes grip of me, and as you finger continues to tease my ass I can picture blue-hair in bed with us, her huge breasts squeezed against the mattress as she uses her mouth to pleasure me from behind. "Well," you whisper, just before I explode, "she still has your ten dollars-we might have to go back."