 And here is the story I will tell you the next time I am deep inside of you, my dear Fernandita. I'll be slouched on the couch with you riding on my hard cock. You can tell how turned on I am by you. My breathing, how hard I am and how I look at you with my eyes full of desire for you and your tight package... You are super wet, like you always get with me.

And you ask me, "Can you tell me a story before I come on your cock and completely soak it."

I smile my big happy smile, "My pleasure." I tell you. "So here she goes ..."

"We are on a trip with some friends in the woods. We are staying in a little cabin with no separate bedrooms. 3 couples in all, of which one is a lesbian couple. We are staying there for a week. It has a fireplace and a hot tub and everything. It's by a lake and it's a sweet setting. It's been a fun week so far; swimming in the lake, lots of hikes and enjoying good food in between.

One morning when you wake up you feel my hard-on touching your butt. Because I always wake up fully erect next to you. You are tempted to wake me up by taking my dick in your mouth like you are known to do. But it's a little different now that we are in this open space with others. You look around for a second and you notice that everyone is still fast asleep. So, you figure, "If I suck him off for just a little bit it would not get noticed." And you go down one me. It does not take me long to feel your lovely lips working it's magic on my cock. I role on my back to make it easy on your body to pleasure me so lustfully. I to look around for a second to see if it is safe what we are doing, and nobody is awake so no one is noticing what you are doing. 

I check out our friends the lesbian couple especially, their blankets have rolled of a little and it makes it so that I am looking directly at Rose's sexy ass. And what is the even sexier about it is that she is only wearing a T-shirt and some see through knickers. And Elizabeth, her partner, has her arm draped backwards so that she has her right hand touching roses butt under the underwear. If I needed to be anymore excited, I was now officially maxed out.

I lift up the blankets so I can look under there to see how you are doing. You are already attacking my cock with so much enthusiastic magic that makes me feel the best way I ever can. But, by me watching you, you put even more magic into it. I whisper, "It's my sweet little cocksucker. I love waking up with your lips on my cock."

I notice that one hand is missing from around my cock and the way it's jammed between your legs I can tell you are busy masturbating your self.

You let my big wet cock slip from your mouth to whisper back to me, "I have missed playing with your cock. I just wanna say hi to it before the others wake up. Just for a sec."

My hands reach down to your head and I pull your head down on my cock again. This seems to turn you on, and your mouth goes down on me real fast and deep. 

You go down on me so hard and we have not had sex for a couple of days because we have been in this cabin with the others the whole time, that it soon makes me feel like I'm already getting close to coming. Something that I am not ready for, but it's hard not to with such an amazing cocksucker for a partner. 

I pull your suction vacuum sealer of my cock and invite you to lay on top of me so we can kiss and slow things down. I just know how I get every time I get when you make me come with your mouth. I come so hard and get so loud screaming, grunting and thrashing the bed. Today in this space is not the right moment. The lips that were on my cock only a second ago are now on my lips, and your tongue that was draped over my dick circling spirals down my shaft is now circling my tongue so deep. 

But then you quickly role of me and take your undies off. You get back on top of me and I feel you reach between our bodies and line my penis in front of your yoni. My eyes get big, and I say, "Are you sure?"

You nod your head yes and say, "Just for a little." As you close your eyes and slowly sink my dick deep inside of you. I reach under your night shirt for those perfect little titties of yours. The shape of which always makes me be drawn to them. And with nipples that are always so electric at every touch. The softer the better, unless harder is the right way to go about it according to how excited you get. You reach your arms up and I automatically lift your shirt of off you, though I know that I shouldn't. But either way, there is your glorious body. Looking down at your body is such a sexy experience for me as you slowly fuck me moving those fine hips of yours back and forth. Pornstars got nothing over you. You know how to fuck me so good. You start to grind harder and faster and I get a little self conscious. I look around you into the rest of the space and see the others still sleeping the way they were earlier. You notice my concern and decide to mess with me a little. Something I have never seen come out of you before is happening right here in front of me. You smile a devilish smile and start slamming your ass on my cock with a lot of noise coming from your fine flesh slamming into mine. I give you an angry look, but you only smile with eyes filled with naughtiness.

"Hold on!" I say. You slow down and I take this time to flip you around with me still stuck deep inside of you. I lean forward so I can kiss you a bit before I stretch my arms to bring my body up. I look down our bodies and I observe my self as I pull my dick from deep inside of you, all the way out. This gives such an electric shock to your body as if your only child was taken away from you. But you soon realize I am not pulling away. If anything I am still right there slightly pushing up against those sweet tasting lips of yours down there. I feel your hands on my ass as you are trying to pull me back inside of you. But I resist it, so you can get even more excited to have me deep inside of you. Now I slowly slide myself deeper and deeper inside of you. But the side effect of this is that you make quite a bit of noise the deeper I go. And I go all the way. 

I quickly pull the blankets over us to try and hide what we are doing. Maybe it will dampen the noise well enough so that the others won't wake up from it? Because you Fernandita are not letting me escape. Your legs and arms are firmly wrapped around me. And with my roaring excitement making me so fucking horny I can't help but giving it to you. I start to fuck you properly. Deep, hard, steady pushes up your juicy cunt. Looking deep inside your sweet loving eyes as me make love together. Your hand comes up and touches my cheek, such a sweet way of you telling me you love me.

I can tell how much it excites you to get this solid fucking action in so early in the morning before the others wake up. Which turned out to be a false assumption because the next second the blankets are pulled off from us. It's Rose that is bending over the bed pulling the blankets away from us. She is right there with Elizabeth standing right behind her. 

I hear a soft oops coming from your lips as the two of us become frozen in time. My eyes quickly try to read the situation. Are we safe, or are we in trouble? I notice that Elizabeth is moving her body a little. And I let me eyes role down and I am now able to see that Elizabeth's right hand hand is still down inside the panties of Rose. Only now down the front while she is probably working out of Rose's clit. The movement that Elizabeth is making with her body is because she is gently pushing her pelvic bone onto the nice piece of ass that Rose has.

I look your way to see how you are doing and you are watching those fine ladies while you are biting your lip. You have shared with me many times how you fantasize about being with an other women, so I can imagine that I am not the only one seeing these hot women stand in front of us like this and getting super turned on.

I start to move my dick inside of you again which makes you look in my direction for just a breathe second. You smile and I can tell you are letting me know you are turned on by all this. 

You turn away again and reach out your hand to the hand of Rose who is leaning both her hands on the bed while she is bending forward and getting her clit still worked on by Elizabeth.

You and Rose clasp hands for a moment before Rose brings your hand to her lips to start kissing your hand. I even see her sucking on your thumb. Rose is getting real turned on already. The next thing I know she places her knees on the bed so she can get closer, and she immediately leans in to kiss you with passion. You place both your hands on either side of her face and draw her in even closer. It's so hot to see you give an other woman a real kiss for the first time in your life. 

Rose leans back and says, "I have always had a crush on you." She looked you deep in the eyes while she said this. She reaches back with one hand to grab Elizabeth by the ass while pulling her in more. Then she says, "Haven't I, Elizabeth?

Without missing a beat Elizabeth responds, "That's probably Rose's favorite fantasy. That we have a threesome with Fernanda. Even when Rose is totally not in the mood all I need to say is, let's pretend you get to go down on Fernanda while I lick you. Rose wants you so bad Fernanda."

It's clear Rose is blushing having all this be revealed in front of her crush. 

Elizabeth turns to me and says, "Don't be jealous. My fantasy is to have a real cock inside me again. It's been too long." 

Well I'll tell you this, I was not feeling jealous one bit. In fact it made me super turned on to hear about the desire of Rose to be with my sweet Fernandita. It makes my dick feel like gold;hard, shiny and super fortunate.

But anyway, I am not going to turn down the opportunity to be with a woman like Elizabeth. And the next thing I know was that Elizabeth and I were kissing. While Rose and you were kissing. And Elizabeth was still stroking Rose's clit. And I was still sliding in and out of you. 

I heard you getting more vocal and I looked over to see that Rose now is licking and sucking on your nipples. Your super sensitive nipples. I get back to kissing Elizabeth while I started to fuck you even harder. And in a mater of seconds I could feel you come on my dick. And I could hear you as well, you screamed. It was so hot. Elizabeth raced around the bed and came onto the bed to position herself next to you. She placed her self on all fours and looked in my direction. She said, "Can I have a turn?"

I looked over to you and asked, "Is that ok." You smiled and said, "Yes, I want you to have this fine piece of ass." And you proceeded to Smack the butt of Elizabeth. 

Elizabeth said, "Thank you for sharing this stud with me." And she leaned closer and the two of you kissed. 

Rose interrupted, "But remember Elizabeth, I am the one that gets to push it in there, because you are still my lady."

Elizabeth is quite the tall lady with real nice b-cup boobs. She has such the model body, I've always found myself attracted to her, and now I am getting the chance to have her. Wow! This whole thing was getting out of control amazing. I pulled out from your sweet love hole and immediately felt Rose's hand wrapped around my cock. She strokes it while I maneuver over to the fine piece of ass the Elizabeth comes equipped with. Elizabeth quickly undressed and she touched her boobs for a moment and pulled on her own nipples. As I get right behind her 

Rose maneuvered her head right between us and licked the slit of Elizabeth for a bit. She did not take long, and then she said, "You dirty slut. You are so turned on to have his dick inside you. I can tell because you are soaking wet."

"Ahaaa" was the responds Elizabeth gave, soon followed by, "I wanna get fucked so bad. Have you seen how good his cock looks. Are you gonna have him to, sweetie?"

"I'm not sure if I want a penis up my cunt. But I wanna suck it." She had already been looking closely at my cock and now she takes it in her mouth. Elizabeth pushes her ass back a little and my fingers reach over to start playing with her lips. Now my eyes look over in your direction. And without making a single sound, my lips say the words I love you. You smile at me with such deep joy it makes my heart flow over like the great flood it self.

Rose lets go of my dick with her mouth while her hand is still firmly planted around my rod. "Here he comes, babe!" She said while she strokes the tip of my penis along her partners slit. Then she places it right at love hole central and grabs my ass cheek and slams me forward. 

Elizabeth screamed as my dick went all the way in her lovely vagina. "This feels so different from the strap on we use. Hmmm it's so good!" She says.

"Well, don't you enjoy it too much!" She said, then she looked at me and said, "And the same goes for you, fucker!" But I think we were cool, because the next thing I know she kissed me. She wrapped my head with both her hands while she kissed me. She still had my head like this while she pulled away from me and said, "I'm gonna lick your lady like she has never been licked before."

I responded by saying, "Be careful, she is quite the squirter." The expression on her face told me she was quite turned on by that idea, and she asked me to repeat my self. 

I went into greater detail for her this time, "Well Rose, you should know. My beautiful Fernandita whom you are about to go down on, she can come bucket loads. And when you lick her down there and you touch her ever so softly on her vagina lips and clit with you lips and tongue you'll receive quite the reward for all your efforts. You'll feel it coming when she comes and and all her love juices will squirt straight into your mouth. Mouth fulls of her projectile hitting the back of your mouth. And ones you have her going you can push her over the edge again a and again with the littlest of effort."

I can tell Rose was playing with her self while she was listening to me like that. And I can also see you have been working your clit for some time now as well.

Rose is still looking at me and I can tell why. She wants to finger herself a little more so she can push her self over the edge. And a second later she pushes her self over that edge. Not like the grand canyon or anything, just a little edge. We are only just getting going after all. 

Rose turns her attention to you, and I start to focus on Elizabeth right now. It's funny how I am now fucking Elizabeth. Something I have fantasized about many, many times. Which is something I have never shared with you before, but you probably knew none the less. I have made the following joke too many times with you. "Elizabeth is so amazingly beautiful." Here I always pause for a split second, and then I continue, "She is almost as beautiful as you."

My dick feels so amazing being in the tight little love hole of Elizabeth. I hold her hips tight while I let my pelvic bone hit her super fine ass hard. Elizabeth has shifted towards you a little bit and she now has her right hand groping your tits and twisting your nipples while you two start to kiss each other again. 

Rose is totally consumed by doing her very best to make a lasting impression on your cunt. And it seems to be she is successful at it, because all of a sudden I hear you swear your head off, "Oh fuck, sweetie, you are good at sucking my clit. You can lick me anytime if you treat me like that. Any fucking time. Oh god!" I am pretty sure that was all the encouragement that Rose needed. 

Elizabeth decided to encourage me a little more while you were preoccupied with filling the mouth of Rose with your come. Elizabeth looked over her shoulder at me and said, "You feel so good. I can't believe I have waited this long to have a real dick up my cunt. I love getting fucked. I don't know if I don't remember how good it used to feel. Or whether you are just really good at fucking my pussy. But either way this is the best fucking I think I have ever had. It's so good. I can only hope you love it as much as I do?"

I tell her straight up, "Oh you have no idea how excited I am about this."

She is still looking at me when she says, "I think I do. I have always known you find me attractive. I always enjoy feeling you check me out."

I feel quite busted by this notion. I always think I'm subtle, but then it turns out I'm like an open book. 

I quickly look over in your direction, you are biting your lower lip and you give me this look. If I am correct in interpreting it you are letting me know you think I've been naughty but you find it hot at the same time. I pucker my lips like I am kissing you, and you do the same in responds.

I pick up the pace even harder, while I look you deep in the eyes. It makes it feel like I am actually fucking you, instead of Elizabeth. Your eyes turn back as you get turned on by this experience. And every time your eyes come back to me they immediately turn back again knowing I'm still fully giving it to you in this round about way.

But then Elizabeth starts to pick up the pace even more than me, and I decide to let her pump her ass on my dick while I hold my self still. I am so enjoying the sight of this. This feast for the eyes is amazing. I look over and see how Rose's ass is sticking up and out right next to me that I can't help but smack it. She is still dressed in her nighttime wear. I pull her undies down a little so I can see her booty fully. And I slap it again.

Next I slap the ass of Elizabeth and you both seem to enjoy it equally as much. So I continue giving it to you, one after the other. Sometimes after I slap Rose I bring my finger to the front of her slit and let my finger slowly slide back through her lips. And I can totally feel the folds of her lips opening and closing around my finger as I move along. 

That fine tinkle in my balls is starting to build and I know my balls are only minutes away from being about to blow. 

Elizabeth is sucking on your tits and I can barely see your face because of this. But from what I can tell Rose has got you going on her tongue, and your orgasms are coming one after the other. 

Rose pulls her head up and says, "Fernanda, I never wanna stop going down on you. It feels sooo good having you fill my mouth with your come. And by the way as soon as I get back to licking you you are going to come again."

She is right, as soon as Rose put her head down in your crotch you scream it out. "Oh fuck. Mother of Jesus. You make me feel so good. Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Aaaahhhh!"

While you are still screaming your ahhhs and ohhhhss Elizabeth turns around to tell me, "I'm about to come. I am so close, but don't come inside of me. It's not safe."

I pick up the pace and start to give it to her even more. I can hear Elizabeth is about to blow. She has an interesting way of coming. She does not get verbal, but instead she does this high pitched moan like she is in a lot of pain. It was fucking hot and it was clear how deep she was feeling her pleasures. My body was telling me the final countdown is here for me as well. I am sure I have only five more deep and hard pumps left in me before I'll have to put some serious paint job all over Elizabeth's back and ass with my come. My hands are back on Elizabeth's ass and hips so I can fully push Elizabeth onto my dick every time she slams back into me. My entire body feels electrified and one with hers while we slam into each other in perfect unison. My countdown is already down at the count of three, and I start to scream because I know my peak is about to hit hard. The groaning is so intense while I slam into her for countdown number two. I pull out and push in so deep and so hard, and I immediately feel Elizabeth start coming. I know I have to pull out right now before it blows holes in the side of your vagina and I send all my seed to go swimming upstream. Cause with this type of excitement the pressure is so much at least a dozen of my seeds will reach the end destination. And we can't have that. So I pull out and let it all out. Sweat, screams, saliva and come. Lots of come. 
