 The water feels nice spraying gently on my back, the warmth running down my legs and hitting my feet before descending down the drain. I pour soap into my bath sponge, for a second feeling cruel to the lifeless sea creature as I squeeze it to produce abundant suds. The thought is fleeting as I garnish my naked body with white nebular foam. 

It feels like the warm gentle touch of your hands as it slowly trails down my body. I instantly pause my actions, standing completely still as I close my eyes and imagine the suds as your perfect hands on my neck, trailing down my breasts, down my side, along my curvaceous hips, my thighs, calves and ending at my feet. I shiver and develop goose bumps on the whole of my body at the mere thought. I open my eyes and shutter as an entirely new wetness escapes my body onto my inner thighs coalescing with the shower water before it too trails down my legs and into the drain beneath me.

As I contemplate the fleeting sensual thoughts, I dispense a miniscule amount of thick white shaving foam into the palm of my left hand. I apply a small amount to my mons pubis with the tips of my right fingers. Utilizing small gentle circles I spread it evenly along my inner thighs, and around my vaginal opening. I part the lips of my pussy with the first two fingers of my left hand, scooping up the remaining foam with the fingers on my right hand, spreading foam as I move my fingers in a gentle up and down motion. I look down, smile as I am briefly bemused by the appearance of my foamed-up pussy. I grasp my razor firmly with my right hand and shave with nice smooth sweeping motions. As I finish shaving I rinse and wash away the remaining foam. I look down giving a final inspection to make sure I am perfect, nice and smooth, as a pillow for your lips. I release more wetness from within as I briefly imagine your sweet gentle kisses on my freshly shaved pussy.

I reach behind me, turning the water knobs into the off position. I pass my hand through the curtain opening to reach for the towel on the bench outside. I feel for the soft dry terry-cloth and quickly grab it and bring it inside the warm haven of the shower enclosure. I press the soft cloth against my face to soak up any remaining water. I repeat the process on the entirety of my body until I am completely dry.

With the towel wrapped and tied around my nude body I step out of the shower, feeling the cold marble floor beneath my feet. I lightly chuckle to myself at the ingenuity of my carefully laid-out plan. You don't know what is about to happen.

I proceed through the dressing room door into the locker room. Luckily it is barren and I am the only person in the vicinity. I open the exit door of the locker room ever so slightly, using the mirror on the opposing wall to view out into the hallway. I now have an unobstructed view to the steam room on the other side. 

I wait, while keeping a constant survey to the hallway outside.

A few moments pass, I finally see you. Your tall stature, your red hair and sexy smile, all unmistakable traits, exclusive to you. Your appearance signals the commencement of the next stage of the plan. The feeling of butterflies enter my body as I continue to watch you as you enter the steam room, clad in the white towel wrapped around your waist. The mere site of you invites the presence of goose bumps again.

Again, fortune smiles upon me as the hall is completely empty. I seize the opportunity to peer through the glass in the steam room door. I thoroughly enjoy watching you. You are sitting almost directly in front of me, eyes closed (fantasizing, I suspect), hands folded in front of your toweled body. You look serene yet so sexy. I catch a glimpse of the shimmer of beads of sweat on your forehead. The image gives me an instant flashback of the last time I was with you; the last time we had passionate sex. When we were done and I was in your arms, you had the same look about you. So wonderful; such a turn on.

Without further contemplation I hastily, but silently push open the door. I silently approach you, not wanting to disturb you until the opportune moment. You are sitting on the second tier, right at waist level, perfect. I place each of my hands gently on your knees. You flinch as I've totally caught you off guard, just as I intended. You open your eyes, looking directly into my baby blues. Instantly flashing me that sexy smile as you maintain our stare. I return your smile with a coy grin, signaling what is about to follow.

I stand upon the first bench tier and bend down to kiss you. My right hand is on the back of your head, playing with your tousled hair. My left hand trails down your shoulder as I place my lips upon your mouth. Your mouth slightly opens as I kiss you. It invites the presence of my tongue inside of your mouth. I insert my tongue gently into your mouth as I continue to kiss your lips with mine. I lightly flicker and wrap my tongue with yours. 

Still kissing, while your eyes are still closed, I untie my towel with my left hand. It drops lightly to the bench beneath. My right hand grasps your hair firmly as my kisses trail from your lips, to your face, then to your neck. I seek that special spot behind your ear as I increase the intensity of my kisses. While nibbling at your earlobe I run my tongue along the inside of your ear, letting out a soft moan. I pause my actions merely long enough to whisper in your ear. I softly, but firmly whisper four simple words into your ear, "Woody, I want you".

My kisses proceed down your neck. They are soft with intermittent licks from my tongue. I can taste the mild saltiness of your sweat as I work my way to your chest, and belly. Both of my hands lightly following the trail of kisses, stopping at the top of your towel, still tied around your waist. I drop onto my knees onto the padding of my previously dropped towel. I am kneeling directly in front of you, with my eyesight focused on the large mound under your towel. For a few seconds I do nothing but stare intently at the tempting lump between your legs. 

Without torturing either of us a moment longer I untie the towel that has been binding your hard on. Your huge erection now staring me right in the face, I moan at the mere sight of it. The pulsations grow inside of me, forcing silky wetness down my inner thigh. 

The lure of your erection is irresistible, my lips and tongue desiring to surround it. I lean forward toward your cock, without yet touching my mouth to it. I began by gently kissing your inner thigh, my hair brushing your leg as my kisses move upwards. My hands are on your hips, as I guide my lips upward, my warm breath surrounding the base of your cock and balls. Your hard cock brushes my cheek. I use my tongue to guide my lips to your balls; I flick them gently, teasingly. Your hands caress my face. I kiss your balls gently up towards the base of your erect cock and my tongue licks wet slurpy kisses around your base, getting it extremely wet.

Your cock is so hard it stretches toward my face, touching and poking my cheeks.

I move my left hand and wrap it around your hard shaft, stroking your cock as I continue to soak it with my tongue. Your hips move toward me. My right hand has disappeared you notice it is working its way across my abdomen, along my mound and to my bare pussy lips. I part my lips with two of my fingers, while I insert the other into my wetness. That sight makes you even harder now as you push your cock across my lips and tongue. My tongue moves its way up to the tip of your cock. A drop of pre cum appears at the tip, and licking it off, I then engulf it into my mouth, I am sucking the tip of your cock while still stroking up and down with my left hand.

We hear voices outside the door. I feel a little bit of panic, but I don't stop, it feels so damn good. You encourage me by putting your hands on my head, playing with my long hair, slowly pushing my head down to your engorged cock. You know how much I love to suck you, and I moan in appreciation. I remove my other fingers and hand from my pussy, placing those fingers on your lips, inviting you to taste. You quickly suck each finger deep in your mouth, the taste so sweet and delicious. Now it's your turn to moan as you lick my fingers, which only makes me wetter.

I continue to suck and stroke you until I taste more pre-cum. Now my pussy is aching for you. I know how good your delicious cock will feel inside me. Reluctantly letting your cock slip out of my mouth, I stand up and turn away from you, facing the door. You smile as my ass cheeks now face you as you sit on the step above me. I lower myself until I am sitting down on your lap. I reach between my legs to grab your luscious cock with my right hand and glide the tip of it over my clitoris and inner lips of my pussy, soaking it with my wetness. I rub it back and forth, then, not being able to stand the teasing any longer, gently slip you inside, moving easily deeper with my wetness as I lower myself on you. 

We both moan loudly just as the steam room door opens. I feel too fucking good as I move up and down on you, grinding hard against your naked body. Your left hand reaches around me to squeeze and pinch my rock hard nipple, as more tingles cover my body. Your right hand slips down to my hips to move me back and forth on your hard cock.

I barely even notice a man and woman coming in and sitting across the steam room from us. The steam is thick in the room, and I don't think they at first realize what is going on. I continue to glide my pussy up and down your cock. Your hands move to my ass cheeks, squeezing them tightly as you help lift me up, then back down as you push deep inside me. My wetness is slurping as you slide in and out of my soaked pussy.

As the couple sits down, they hear us and look over at us, finally realizing what is going on. They are transfixed watching us. I look up to notice now that the woman is a very pretty blonde, with green eyes and long, sexy legs, her body wrapped in a towel. Her cleavage is ample, so the towel looks strained across her chest. The man has short dark hair, muscular, with big biceps and a hairless chest. 

The woman reaches between the man's legs and under his towel, and we can both see his cock begin to rise against it. They are evidently getting turned on by our wild display of fucking. The blonde's gaze is fixed on my shaved pussy being penetrated by your hard cock. It turns me on even more knowing that they are so stimulated from watching us. Your cock grows harder and my pussy wetter, and I grind down even harder on you. 

They continue to stare at my pussy getting fucked by your cock until the man stands up, his towel dropping to the floor. I can see he is hard, his stiff cock standing at attention. He moves behind the blond now, pushing the woman down to her knees, bending her down away from him. I watch as her breasts sway under her, her nipples hard as little buds now. He slides his hard cock inside her quickly. She is obviously very wet as he moves into her deeply without resistance. She turns her head toward me, moaning as he fucks her hard from behind, her large breasts sway back and forth as he thrusts into her. They begin to fuck hard and fast. 

We also increase our pace.

Her gaze is still on my body, where your cock is slamming into my wetness, as she moans even louder. My tits are bouncing up and down as you fill my pussy with each thrust. I can tell it's turning you on to watch them fuck hard just inches away from us, because you are moaning even louder and your cock is even thicker inside of me. 

I am also excited by watching the man's thick cock slamming hard into the blonde's pussy from behind. You know it's one of my favorite positions too. So, I stand up slowly, and your cock slips out with a pop. You stand up behind me now; bending me over in the same position she is in. I'm now only about a foot away from her. I feel you rub your hard cock on my ass cheeks, and you slap it against them. Suddenly, you slip inside me again, fucking me hard and fast. As you hold my hips, you begin again pushing deep inside me. The blonde and I lock eyes, and a sexy smile crosses her lips. I return the smile, moaning as I do so as I feel you even deeper now.

We are fucking in rhythm with them. 

The woman, still staring at me, reaches over and caresses my breast as I move back and forth with you. The feeling of her soft hand on my breast is electrifying. My free hand does the same to her, feeling her nipple harden to my touch. I squeeze her breast harder and she does the same to me. Both of us are bucking back and forth into the beautiful hard cocks filling our pussies.

We are all covered in sweat from the hot steam. 

I whimper as you pull out of me again and turn me to sit back on the upper bench. I reluctantly release her tender breast from my hand as I sit back, my legs open. You kneel in front of me and begin to kiss inside my thighs. Your back is to the other couple, but I can still see them fucking hard and watching you. You move your lips and tongue toward my soaked shaved pussy with tender kisses and licks. Taking each inner lip in your mouth, you begin sucking them, flicking your tongue over my hard clit, alternating sucking and licking its stiffness. Your hands are on my hips, pulling my pussy to your mouth. 

I close my eyes and relax, enjoying the sensations of your mouth on me. It feels so good, such a different feeling from your thrusting just minutes earlier. I am so wet I am covering your face with it, and I look down to your face to see your eyes focused on mine. I move my hands up my body and caress my breasts, squeezing them together and rubbing my own nipples between my thumb and fingers. Your tongue is doing an expert dance on my clit, and I am trembling with desire for you as I close my eyes and enjoy your kisses and licks. 

I feel another set of soft hands on the top of my thighs. I look up to see the woman's fingers sliding up and down my legs while she watches me squeezing my tits. She is leaning over you to reach me as she rubs my thighs, and her large breasts are dangling over your back, sometimes even brushing against your neck and back. The man is sitting on the opposite bench stroking his rock-hard cock. He moves over to our side, and sits next to me, and I watch him as he plays with himself. The blonde's hands begin to explore my body while your tongue flicks over my clit with more urgency. I notice she has one hand rubbing her own pussy when she takes her other and gently trails her fingers down across my inner thigh, resting below my pussy. Her hand is under your chin against my pussy now as even more of my wetness is leaked into your mouth. Suddenly, she pushes two fingers inside of me, while you continue to lick all around my wet pussy.

I moan and glance at the man, still stroking hard right next to me. I reach out to caress his balls, wrapping my fingers around the base of his dick. His cock is huge, and grows even bigger in my hand. 

You smile at my gesture, and stop licking me and kiss your way up my body to my lips. We kiss deeply, tongues mingling even as the blonde starts to finger me faster. You whisper to me to kneel on the bench again, and you move in front of me while she helps position me on my knees, her fingers still rubbing my wetness. The man also stands up and moves around behind me next to his girlfriend. I can feel his hardness against my ass now, and I think his girlfriend is stroking it, slapping it against my cheeks. She guides him as he starts to push his hard cock into my pussy, and I slowly back into it. He is very thick, and even though I am still wet, he has to push slowly as my pussy expands. 

The woman is rubbing my ass and back as he fills me, her soft hands feeling so good on my body. She kneels next to me as you move in front of me, your hard cock in my face. I moan as he thrusts into me and I take your cock in my mouth. I can taste my own sweet wetness on your cock and I greedily lick and suck it, loving the taste and smell of your hardness. The blonde beside me starts to kiss my neck while I lick you. She caresses my breasts, dangling beneath me as I take his cock inside me and your cock in my mouth. She is squeezing my hard nipples gently. She kisses my cheek and turns to face you as well, with her cheek against mine.

Her body and mine are touching hips and shoulders, our cheeks together as she watches me sucking you. I can feel her hot breath so close to me as she licks her lips. She starts to kiss my cheek, then her tongue begins to lick my lips, and we both start to lick either side of your cock. The man's big cock is still pumping in and out of my pussy. Your cock is pushing in and out of my mouth now. I feel my orgasm building. My mouth opens as I moan, and the woman immediately takes you into her mouth, sucking you deep. I feel my pussy soaking his cock, and I start to spasm. The blonde is enjoying your hard cock in her mouth, slurping and sucking it deep. I watch her suck you, and I kiss and lick around your balls and her mouth as well. 

I can't hold back anymore, and suddenly I'm cumming all over his cock inside me, slurping loudly. I am moaning loudly, each wave of orgasm tingling over my entire body. Hearing me cum is too much for you and your hot white cum shoots over both her lips and mine. Some lands on my cheek, and then another on hers. I kiss her as I stroke you, both of us licking your cum off of each other's tongues and faces. 

================================================

If you liked the story, please leave us a public comment!