 It was one of those casual mid week deals. Our new neighbors had gotten settled and invited us over for a glass of wine and conversation one Wednesday evening. We met them a month or so earlier at a house warming and ever since been exchanging what we call "The Neighborhood Benediction", those drive by waves and smiles we all exchange around here. Of course I had a few conversations with Andy – the male member of the household – as we took care of outdoor chores, and found him interesting and likeable. 

Julia greeted us at the door that evening with a big smile. She wasn't especially pretty, but when she smiled the room just lit up. We – that is, Barbara and I (I'm Jack) learned they, like us, had two active careers going. Even more surprising is we all had bandages on our arms: we were all frequent blood donors and happened to do that deed again that very day -- we missed seeing each other at the Red Cross Donor Center by less than an hour. Too bad, we could have started cocktails much earlier. 

Finally, like us, they had parents who wanted to become grandparents, and we all agreed all four sets of parents were going to have to wait for that wish to come true. We all were into career building. We had a light and happy evening. 

When it was time for us to walk across the lawn to our house we had become good enough friends to feel comfortable with that hug and air kiss goodbye ritual. 

Except this happened: Julia turned her head so that my lips didn't touch her cheek but met her lips. She opened them and her tongue invaded my mouth and fluttered against my own. It was over in a blink of an eye, but she surely got my attention. 

Barbara took my hand as we walked home. "They're nice, aren't they?" I asked. 

"Yeah, although Andy makes me a little uncomfortable. He seemed to be coming onto me, and that goodnight kiss? He turned it into something more than a neighborly peck on the cheek."

"Julia did the same thing to me," I confessed. "Maybe that's the custom where they come from."

"Jack, they were born and raised in this city. I think it's them and not some cultural thing."

We shared sex that night, although mid week sex wasn't that common in our lives anymore. There are a couple of things worth mentioning about that. First, we both seemed to initiate sex, even though most times it's my job to start things off. Second, I do confess of thinking of the way Julia kissed me while I was kissing my wife, and worse than that, I was thinking of Julia when I was fucking Barbara. It probably wasn't the healthiest emotional thought sequence, but there it was.

When we were done and lying beside each other, comfortable, exhausted, and happy, Barbara said something that shocked me: "You know, the way Andy kissed me when we were leaving tonight? I probably shouldn't say this, but it got me excited. I'm glad we had sex."

"Don't feel guilty, I was thinking about the way Julia kissed me, too."

"Interesting coincidence," we both agreed, then went to sleep.

I guess it was by mutual consent, or that our minds moved in the same direction, but we agreed to invite our neighbors to our house on Friday night, just two days later. They accepted.

We like to entertain in our den. The seating is comfortable, the fireplace inviting even though it's one of those natural gas/artificial log remote controlled ones. 

We started out on the sofas -- we have two of them in that room – but soon were sitting among the pile of large pillows we have in front of the fireplace, enjoying its warmth on this early fall evening. 

"Too bright in here," Andy said at one point, and I agreed. I turned the lighting down so that much of the light came from the fire. We had background music playing. Barbara and I found ourselves both standing doing host things when a favorite piece – Sarah Brightman's Time to Say Goodbye – started playing. 

We danced.

Andy and Julia saw us moving to the music so they stood too, and what started out as "come have a glass of wine' evening morphed into something more.

At the end of the song Barbara flicked on the CD player and what we call our "Prelude to Lovemaking" CD started. It's just full of slow songs we like to slow dance to. We have cuts like Unchained Melody, more of Brightman's work, Armstrong's "Skies of Blue" (probably not the right title, but you know the piece) and so on.

It was inevitable, I guess. Andy and Julia were hardly moving, but just standing there embracing and kissing. Barbara saw that, our feet stopped moving but we swayed to the music and our lips met, too. 

We did this occasionally at home – hey, we call the disk Prelude to Lovemaking after all -- but never with another couple present. 

"Jack, this is getting intense," Barb whispered to me, but we didn't stop what we were doing. 

"Are you enjoying yourself?" I wanted to know. "I am. I'm also feeling very sexy." She was quiet for a moment and then said something I was already thinking about. "You know, you could cut in on Julia and Andy and dance with her a while and I'd dance with Andy. Would you like to do that?" 

"Mmm. I think so," I told her. "I guess we're both remembering those good night kisses a couple of days ago. Maybe we'll do some of that before the end of the evening."

"Maybe," my wife told me, "especially if you cut in. the mood is perfect for that. Is that OK with you?"

"You'll see how OK I am when we get to bed," I assured her. This was uncharted territory for us, it was something never talked about, never even fantasized about. Barbara's arms dropped away from me and we turned toward our guests. They noticed and seemed to understand. Their embrace ended, they parted, and in a moment we were dancing with new partners.

Julia moved close to me, and we moved together for a moment or two – it was intensely sexy. I couldn't wait for our guests to leave, I wanted my wife in bed. 

"Look," she whispered, and nodded with her head to the side. 

I looked, all right. Barbara and Andy weren't dancing. Their bodies were moving, but they were wrapped in an embrace, and they were kissing. It was light enough to see it was much more intense than a neighborly kiss – mouths were wide open. 

Both of their mouths.

I had been sporting a mild erection most of the evening, but that started changing into the real thing. Julia helped pushing her pelvis against mine and placing her hand on my cheek and turning my head to her. She treated me to that same fluttering tongue that got me so excited the other night.

"Let's get back on the pillows," she said after a moment. "I don't want Andy and Barbara to get too far ahead of us."

Barbara saw us move to the pillows and held Andy with greater intensity – their dance steps moved them toward the fireplace and pillows, too. 

Embracing a woman while standing and pretending to dance is one thing but it's very different when it continues if you're lying on a pile of cushions. Our legs aren't needed for support so they can move over your partner's hip so her pelvis is pressing against your, your, ah, let's say your growing erection. Julia demonstrated the advantage of our prone position by doing just that, and my world shrank to sensations of lips and tongue, of bodies pressing together, of her hand stroking my side, and mine, her back. It was wonderful, it was hot, it was erotic, it was sexy.

But wait! I'm married. What about Barbara?

I lifted up – I happened to be facing that direction – and saw Barb fully involved in a kiss that was just ending. Barbara was on her back, Andy on her far side, he was mostly on his side but there was a lot a full body contact going on, too. Julia turned to watch just as Andy lifted away from Barb. My wife turned her head toward me – it seemed we looked at each other for an hour, but I'm sure it was only a few seconds. 

Then she smiled, closed her eyes and turned away from me.

She drew Andy's lips to hers again.

"That's so hot," Julia said. 

"God yes," I muttered, pulling her a little closer, wanting some of the same intimacy.

"No, wait," Julia said. "We'll have time for that, I promise, but I love to watch Andy when he's being seductive." I remembered this comment later. It meant this was NOT the first time they did this!

Andy was busy kissing my wife while we watched. I was sure he knew that and was putting on a show for us. Maybe Barbara was, too.

It was hot. "We can have our fun in a little while," Julia promised, "but we can make what they're doing even hotter if we help."

"Help? How?"

"I'll show you," she said. "I promise, you'll like it, or I'll make it up to you. I'll make it up to you anyhow, but. . ."

She disentangled herself from me and pulled me next to Barbara and Andy. "You kiss your wife, I'll kiss my husband and then we'll help them really get into it," she said. She tapped Andy on the shoulder and whispered "I want to break in for a minute."

He lifted up a little – Julia was kneeling at about Barbara's hips, and leaned over her to kiss Andy. I was at Barbara's head, and leaned down to kiss her the way Andy did. I wondered, what was the message -- everything is fine, anything goes?

"I don't know where this is going, are you OK?" Barbara asked me during the kiss, and I answered partly by kissing her harder, kissing the same lips, the same mouth, the same tongue, that was involved with the man right next to her only a few seconds earlier. 

"Oh, you know where it's going, all right," I whispered at the end of the next kiss. "Let's let things happen. If you don't like that idea, you'd better do something about it now."

What she did is pulled me close and kissed me again. That wasn't much of a protest, was it? She confirmed the body language – "I think I like the idea."

Julia is a natural at directing erotica. She broke the kiss with her husband, and with a hand behind his neck directed him toward Barbara again. She motioned me to move away, and I did. I moved where she wanted me, way above Barbara's head. 

Julia took Barbara's arms – they had wrapped themselves around Andy – and extended them toward me. "Hold her hands up there, make her stretch out."

I did.

Andy had kissed Barbara's lips and then moved down and worked on her neck now. Barbara tilted her head back, making herself more available to him, and I hated seeing her lips not being used and leaned over, still doing my job of restraining her arms, and kissed her again.

And again.

And again, because Julia was unbuttoning my wife's blouse, and as neckline became more visible Andy's lips took advantage of that skin, too, moved down, into her cleavage, then below her bra to her exposed belly.

Julia issued a command: "sit her up."

I did, kneeling high, holding her arms over her head, while Julia pushed Barbara's blouse to her shoulders then out along her arms. "I may as well make it easy for Andy," she said, and reached behind my wife's back to release her bra. 

She pushed Barbara back, and Andy attacked her throat again, then moved to her belly, began moving up, his mouth pushing at her bra, brushing it up. Barbara, her eyes closed, could feel the bra's cups move up, until it became a useless piece of material high on her chest, because her breasts exposed to all three of us. 

Her eyes stayed closed, but she could feel Andy's breath and heat over her left breast. I worried that she was unwilling, until I saw her arch her back, raising that inviting nipple to his mouth. 

I was holding her hands, but she was holding mine too, and her grip tightened when she felt Andy pull her bra over her head, its straps still on her extended arms. Then his mouth accepted her offered breast and she held my hand so tightly she was quivering.

And me? I had emotions of every extreme: lust, of course. Jealous? You bet. I wanted to be doing with Julia what Andy was doing with my wife. But first? But first, I wanted to watch, to see this expert seduction. I wanted to see my woman let everything go, let her intellect go, let her morals go, and respond to what was happening.

While Andy teased her nipples I slid the bra higher, and off. Julia pulled at her husband's soft shirt, got it over his head, and with hardly an interruption he got it off. There were two people nude from the waist up now, and I – make that we, Julia and I – were spectators to a seduction.

Andy lay beside her, turned her head toward him, and I saw their lips meet again.

Andy pulled Barbara's hands free of mine– the tight grip she had on me faded to nothing when she felt Andy take her wrist.

He took her wrist and guided it to his own belly, just as Julia, now behind me, pulled at my own shirt, and helped me get it off. 

I saw Julia working on taking off her own blouse, but the real distraction was the scene in front of me. Andy was kissing Barbara, of course. He was mostly on his back now, she on her side. I'd seen them kissing before, but what had my attention was her hand on his belly. He hand his hand over hers, and he moved he hand down so it was on the waistband of his slacks.

I saw her fingers – it was her left hand, I have to tell you that, because on that hand was her wedding ring – I saw those fingers resting on his belt buckle. He was not holding her hand there anymore, he was stroking her breast while he kissed her. I heard him say "No, Barbara, not on top. Put your fingers on my belly."

She moved her hand up an inch or so, so fingertips were on skin, not fabric, and he said "Yes, like that", as the kissing continued.

And her fingers moved, pressed down, and her fingertips slipped under his waistband.

I could see him suck in his belly a little to make room for her hand – not that he had much of a belly – and she moved her hand a little more.

Can you imagine – can you even come close to imagining – what it feels like to see your wife's fingertips on a man's belly, moving under his pants?

Can you imagine my emotions when those fingers move a little deeper, as that wedding ring moved under the fabric too, hiding the ring, hiding the promises, and when the motions under the pants leave no doubt what those fingers are touching, especially when the man being touched sighs, and says "Yes, do that," and your wife lifts her head to recapture his lips?

"My turn," Julia said. She had pulled her own blouse down her arms. I helped her with that, helped her shrug it off, and as she lay back I kissed at her neck, and moved my lips down to her cleavage. She, more experienced than Barbara or me, had unfastened her bra. It was easy to take one of her breasts into my mouth.

She was moving while I enjoyed that breast. I looked along her body in time to see her push her own slacks and panties down her legs and kicked them free.

She was nude, and in my arms. She worked on my belt, then my slacks' waistband clip. I did the rest, and pushed them away, enjoying her looking at me, and enjoying her touching my erection, just as my wife – I looked over at her – had enjoyed touching Andy's. I looked in time to see Barbara bridging, lifting her hips off the floor so Andy could pull her slacks and panties down too.

Then he took off his own trousers and briefs, and his penis looked like an angry weapon searching for a target. My until then modest wife moved hand along his side, his hip, then let it move to his groin, and captured that penis.

She captured it, and rolled onto her back, pulled him a little, more guiding than pulling I guess, and I saw another man move so that his hips were between my wife open legs. He positioned himself in a classic pushup over her. There was movement and alignment between them. Barbara bent her legs so he was cradled between her knees, then – oh God, it was so erotic – then tilted her pelvis up, put her hands on his hips, and pulled him toward her. 

Pulled him so his cock would go in her. 

Pulled him until their pelvises were pressed together. 

Pulled him and tilted her hips more to accept him and arched her back and cried out as he entered her, as he fucked her.

"Do me, Jack. Do me while Andy does her," Julia said. 

I moved onto Julia. She moved my cockhead against her, and we both watched as she stroked herself with it. I could see moisture there, could see her own engorged lips open as my blunt head moved along them.

Julia, just as my own wife did, tilted her pelvis for me, spread a little wider, and said "Look at that, isn't that beautiful?" as my own purple head moved mostly inside those lips, followed by my shaft, until my dark pubic hair was pressed against her. "I love seeing how it looks when you pull out," she said. I never looked that closely before. In the light of the fire my cock looked like it was sprouting from her cunt, emerging wet and shining. 

I was having trouble controlling myself – not surprising, I guess, under the circumstances. Just as I was getting a literal grip on myself I heard a familiar soft "ahhh, ohhh," and a sigh – Barbara's signal that she had an orgasm. 

An orgasm! 

An orgasm with some other guy's cock!

That did it.

"Yes, Julia hissed, "empty yourself in me!" when she felt me moving faster and harder.

I did.

I don't think we fucked for more than five minutes, I simply and totally lost it.

Andy, on the other hand, did not.

Julia and I watched him move in and on my wife, we even moved so we could see his penis glistening as it moved in her, until it happened again – Barb began panting, coming to her second climax, and Andy reached between them and began masturbating himself into her.

Her "ahh," was masked by his "yesssss" as he ejaculated.

Then there was that roll off as he moved from on her to beside her, and we could see his cock withdraw, wet and still long, but softer now. There was even a thread of white fluid at its end, evidence there was no faking going on.

Julia moved beside her husband, and I, my wife. We were each holding bodies warmed by passion and moist with lust – but not of our own making.

We may have slept for a little while, but awoke when we saw Julia and Andy getting dressed.

"That was wonderful, guys," Andy said to us, "but we want to sleep together in our own bed tonight. I have to ask you something: are you OK with what happened?"

Barbara answered before I could: "Yes. I haven't felt as sexy in years."

"Good," Julia said, "Listen. Next weekend we're going up to our cottage: we have a place by a lake and it's lovely and secluded and private this time of year. We're going up with two other couples I think you'd really like. It'll be lots of fun, and sexy, too. Would you like to come?"

Barbara turned to me, with an expression on her face I couldn't understand. We were being invited to an orgy. She reached down and held my penis, found it hardening, and answered for both of us: "yes, I think we'd like that."

And the truth is, we did.

***************************

I hope you enjoyed the story. Your public comments are welcome, but subject to The Author's Rules.

If your comment (favorable or negative) is badly written, it will be deleted.

Flaming messages are welcome if they are well written and if your literotica identity is shown, else they'll be go into the byte basket too.

I almost always answer feedback messages that include a return address. We've already made some erotic friends that way.