 He lay on his back naked on the bed and idly played with his erection as he thought about the last six months. Placing that ad and meeting Joe was the best thing that could have happened to him and now it was over and he was right back where he started. 

His wife had stopped having sex with him the moment she entered menopause and, being the selfish person she was, never even proposed helping John out in any way and just cut him off totally. Having a very strong libido, he found himself surfing the net for sexy sites and masturbating quite often and one day while surfing and stroking, he came across a bi site with personal ads and, on the spur of the moment, decided to place an ad and see what happens. He fully described himself, 6'3", 190 lbs., athletic build, still in very good shape at 45, wavy black hair and a thick, 8" cut penis with a large flared crown. He included a pic of his erection and promptly forgot about it after finishing the stroke session that day. He had decided that, since he loves cock almost as much as pussy and guy to guy sex, especially with another married guy, would not lead to any romantic complications, he figured man to man sex would be perfect. He keyed the ad to a younger, married guy who would like good sex on a regular basis with an older guy. 

One morning a few weeks later, he was checking his emails when he came across a message from a guy named Joe who saw his ad on the site and wanted to get together with him and talk further. He said he had a steady girlfriend but loved male sex also. He enclosed a photo of his cock, which was beautiful and thick. John answered him immediately and proposed meeting for coffee the following day. Later that afternoon, he heard from Joe and the meeting was set up for noon the following day at a coffee shop around the corner from his apartment. They had exchanged quick descriptions and John spotted him as he walked towards the coffee shop. He was a little taller than him, very good looking and about 30-35 yrs old with the build of an athlete. He walked over to him and introduced himself after making sure it was Joe and then they entered the shop and took a table slightly away from any others so they could have some privacy in their conversation.

Joe was originally from Chicago and had been transferred here by his company a few years earlier. He was going with a gal and was seriously considering settling down with her soon. He told John that he probably has some sort of father complex since he gets tremendously turned on having sex with an older man and that's why John's ad appealed to him. Since his wife was at work and wouldn't be home until later, John suggested that they go back to his place where they would have more privacy but Joe told him that he just has enough time to get to an important appointment although he would love to go back with him. They arranged to get together at Joe's place the next night and after he left to go back to work, John went back home with thoughts of their meeting dancing in his mind. Naturally, he stripped and stroked as soon as he got back to his apartment and thought about what Joe looked like naked and if his cock was as gorgeous in person as in the photo.

The next day took about a year to pass but, at last, John was standing outside Joe's door at the appointed hour. Joe opened the door and John noted that he was even better looking than he remembered. He was wearing a robe and told John to go inside to the bedroom as there was a robe on the bed for him to put on. When he returned to the living room, Joe was sitting on the couch with his robe wide open and his beautiful, thick erection standing straight up over a large, full ball sac. John smiled and dropped to his knees in front of Joe and reached out to grasp the thick pole and run his fingers all over it from the thick base to the smooth, flared crown. 

Then he held it towards his lips and leaned forward and gently took the entire crown in his mouth and began to suck it as he played with the huge balls. Joe leaned back and sighed telling him that there was nothing like a man when it came to sucking cock and he guided John's head and gasped at the sensations he was receiving. John found that he tasted delicious and that Joe's precum was absolute nectar and he kept firmly sucking the gorgeous organ as Joe rewarded him with a copious flow of precum that he lapped up like the treat that it was. After some time, Joe suggested that they retire to the bedroom since he wanted to taste John also. 

They got into bed and lay with their heads resting on each other's thighs as they gazed at their respective organs before taking them in their mouths and promptly losing themselves in sucking each other. Joe was insatiable and not only kept sucking his cock long after John fed him his cum but after feeding John a nice load of hot cum in turn, his cock never got soft. After their mutual orgasms, Joe got them some drinks and as he placed John's drink on the table next to the bed, John couldn't help but reach out and stroke the magnificent looking erection standing straight out in front of Joe. It was a beautiful penis. It had a long, thick shaft that John estimated at about 8 ½" and had a large, smooth flared crown with a deep ridge all around it that made it totally irresistible to him. 

He marveled at the fact that Joe didn't even get soft after he came and Joe told him that when he's in a horny mood like tonight, his cock doesn't get soft until he's totally exhausted. While they were relaxing and sipping their drinks, Joe got down between his legs and played with John's semi-hard organ as he told him how much he loves sucking his cock and looking up at him to see the passion reflected in his eyes. With that, he covered John's cockhead with his lips and began nursing on it as he looked up at him. He told John that he was going to suck him until he's good and hard as he wanted to feel John's thick member inside his ass and can't wait to be fucked. 

John enjoyed the sensations Joe was giving him and kept his eyes glued to Joe's voracious mouth as it worked its magic on his penis. As his cock got hard, Joe lifted his head and told him how much he enjoys feeling his cock grow in his mouth and when it was fully erect and throbbing in heat, he pulled his mouth from the thick shaft and got on his hands and knees offering John his sexy ass to fuck.

John got on his knees behind him and rubbed the head of his cock into Joe's waiting anus to smear some of his precum into the puckered hole and make it easier to penetrate. As soon as his crown popped inside the anal ring, John knew that this was a very special asshole. The fabulous sensations that gorgeous hole was giving him sent him off on a long high as he started to fuck Joe with long, deep strokes. Joe was urging him on and telling him how good his cock felt inside him as he pushed back to get as much of John's penis inside him as possible and his moans and descriptions of his feelings added immeasurably to the excitement of the moment. 

As he stroked in and out of Joe's beautiful asshole, he reached around and grasped Joe's never ending erection in his hand and began to stroke it in time to his thrusts. Joe was beside himself in passion and turned his head a few times to tell John that he wanted him to keep fucking him forever because his cock was made for his ass. A short while later, Joe started to push back hard and John felt his ass contracting around his thickness as he began to moan. Then John felt the magnificent penis swell in his hand and begin shooting cum all over the bed as Joe gurgled in release and held John's penis deep inside him until his last spasm had passed. When they finally parted, John lay down alongside him and asked about Joe's girlfriend. He asked him if she knew he was bi and whether she joined in at all. 

Joe told him that he's been working on her for quite some time now and she might be ready for the next step. He said that she gets tremendously turned on while he has his cock inside her and describes what it would be like for her to have a cock inside her pussy and asshole at the same time. He told John that she, like him, seems to get turned on by the thought of fucking an older man so it may be possible for him to arrange a threesome soon. Joe told him that he would absolutely love to fuck her while John is fucking him and can't wait for it to happen. John told him to go slow and break her in the right way so she'll enjoy it as much as he and look forward to it as much as he. He also advised him not to say anything to her about being bisexual as he would take care of breaking her in to it if and when they ever got together. 

Joe looked at him quizzically and he explained that, if it occurs on the spur of the moment while she's present, she'll accept it more easily. He told him that, after the two of them work her over for a few orgasms, he would go down on Joe while she watches and Joe can act as though it was his first time. They can proceed from there depending upon her reaction to this. Joe thought it was a good idea and told him he'd start working on it tomorrow. He had gotten to Joe's place about 7 pm and they had fucked and sucked each other until midnight practically without stopping. All this time, regardless of the amount of times he came, Joe's penis remained hard and ready and John found himself reaching for the beauty all night as it was totally irresistible. 

When midnight rolled around, John had to get dressed and head home as he had told his wife he was playing poker and he usually got home by 1 am. They exchanged business cards and made tentative plans to get together again a few nights later. All the way home that night, John thought about his stroke of good luck in meeting a guy like Joe and was happy in the thought that he'd be having some great sex from now on.

Two days later, he was working at his desk when the phone rang and it was Joe. He reported that his girlfriend stayed over the previous night and had agreed to a threesome with him although she was still a little reticent. He had told her that John was a client of his and, because of his age and experience, could be the perfect person for them to experiment with. He told her that they could invite him to join them for dinner and see how things go. If everything looks OK, they could invite him over to his place and she could get him excited enough for them to start having sex. He told John that Friday night would be perfect for them and they made arrangements to meet at his place at eight o'clock. 

John had been looking forward to this night ever since Joe had called him the other day and now he was at last standing outside his door. The door opened to his knock and a very attractive, tall blonde gal with beautiful, firm breasts smiled up at him and introduced herself as Cory and invited him in. She said that Joe was just finishing dressing and would be in shortly and asked if he wanted something to drink. He asked for a coke and as she turned to go into the kitchen, he saw one of the most fantastic asses he had ever seen, moving sensuously as she walked away. He hoped things would go well because he was looking forward to worshipping that gorgeous ass as well as the rest of her. She returned with the drink just as Joe entered the room. After greeting each other, Joe told him that Cory had decided to cook dinner home instead of going out as he had originally planned and sat down across from him as Cory handed him a drink also. 

They talked for a few minutes and then Cory mentioned that dinner was ready so why don't they move over to the dining table. She proceeded to lay out a meal fit for a king from the appetizer to the desert and coffee and John kept raving about her cooking all through the meal. When they finished eating, Joe led them back into the living room where they relaxed drinking coffee. He asked John if he would like to try some very good Hawaiian grass which he had just gotten the other day and, from the way he asked him, John picked up that there was a reason for this and accepted immediately. Joe lit up a joint and passed it to him. After he took a big hit, he passed it on to Cory who took an even bigger one herself. It was very good grass and in just a few minutes all three of them were feeling no pain. Cory seemed like a different person. All her reserve had left and she was acting loose and relaxed. 

After a few minutes, she said that she was feeling very warm and was going inside to change into something more comfortable. Joe glanced at me and we both smiled as she left the room. When she was gone, he walked over and crossed his fingers as he remarked how well things were going so far. He told John that he broke out the grass because Cory always gets very horny while smoking it and he figured it would be perfect to help get her in the mood. John told him that he hoped he was right because he couldn't wait to get at her as she was gorgeous. 

They sat down to wait for her return and were in the middle of a conversation when she walked into the room and both of them stared at her dumbstruck. She was wearing high heel black stilettos and a black garter belt and stockings and nothing else! She looked like a goddess standing there. Her breasts were magnificent! They were full and firm, had a slight uptilt and were capped by very long dark brown nipples which were standing out fully erect at least a half inch from her rosette. She had a flat stomach leading down to a small, trimmed black patch of pubic hair which was just above two pouty labia guarding the sweet slit further down. Her hips were wide and sexy and her long legs were shaped to perfection. 

All in all, she was a real beauty and John couldn't wait to taste her as he guessed she would be delicious. She smiled at them and asked if they liked what they saw. Joe stroked his chin with his hand and looked over at John as he said that she seemed OK and what does he think. John looked thoughtful and told him that they could give it a try and see if it's OK regardless of what it looks like and Cory picked up a pillow and threw it at him. 

Joe asked her to come over and stand in front of them since he wanted to point out certain things to John about her. He reached up and tweaked her nipple as he told John how sensitive they are and how much she enjoys having them sucked or played with. Then he asked her to spread her legs a little and as soon as she did, her labia majora parted to reveal a good sized clitoris peeking out from the folds of its hood and delicate, petal like labia minora just below it. John was mesmerized by her beauty. Everywhere he looked, from her face to her pussy everything he looked at was beautiful and sexy. He looked up at her and politely asked if he could taste and smell her and, in answer, she parted her legs and offered him her vagina. He buried his face in her cunt and breathed in her sexy aroma as his tongue flicked out and entered her pink hole so he could taste her nectar. 

She was delicious! Everything about her was a turn on and he stood up and lifted her off her feet like she didn't weigh anything and carried her into the bedroom where he laid her down on her back on the bed and began kissing her body from her breasts to her anus and everything in between while she squirmed in passion and tried to feed him her cunt to suck as she begged him to drive his tongue in her. He pulled her legs way back and started driving his tongue into her anal opening and she gasped in pleasure at his reaming. Then he moved to her wet slit and concentrated on tongue fucking her pink hole for a while before he moved on up to that fabulous clit which was impatiently waiting for him. 

When he saw her clit, it was already well out of the hood and looked like a miniature cut penis with a crown. He flicked his tongue over it and she jerked and moaned as she told him how good it felt. As he lost himself in the heavenly crotch, Joe had undressed and was on the bed straddling Cory's head and feeding her his penis to suck while John sucked her pussy. It was very sexy watching her suck Joe's cock while he worshipped her crotch and tasted her offerings. He was sucking firmly on her clit as if it was a little tasty cock when suddenly she grabbed his head and pushed her pussy tight up against him as she shook in orgasm and he felt a flow of warmth on his chin and lowered his mouth to her pink opening where he discovered the fountain of youth. She was oozing a delicious clear liquid which came in spurts and he couldn't get enough of it. 

He kept sucking her sweet hole long after her last spasm was over to make sure he got all of those fabulous juices and finally she asked him to stop so she could catch her breath. Joe was lying alongside her and he lay down next to him and without thinking reached out and grasped his throbbing erection and leaned over and took the swollen head in his mouth and began nursing on it. He heard a gasp from Cory and lifted his head to see what happened and she was staring at him with an expression of lust on her face as she told him to continue what he was doing to Joe because it was the sexiest thing she has ever seen in her life. He took Joe's delicious penis in his mouth again and began to suck it from top to bottom putting on a show for her. He looked up at her as he sucked on the swollen crown and she was looking at Joe and telling John all the changes in his expression as he was being sucked. Then Joe said something to her and swung around and took John's organ in his mouth and the two of them went off on a sweet suck high. 

As soon as Joe took John's penis in his mouth, Cory went into orgasm and told them how hot they looked and what a turn on it was for her to watch them. She asked John to promise he would come over every day and suck Joe's cock for her and he agreed totally providing she would also feed him her delights. He and Joe lost themselves in sucking each other and he glanced up once to see Cory frantically fingering her pussy as she locked her eyes on her man sucking John's penis. She was close to orgasm and was telling them how sexy they looked sucking each other when her orgasm struck and she shook and moaned until her last spasm passed. She seemed fascinated by their sucking and asked them not to stop as she was enjoying herself too much and her fingers never stopped playing in the folds of her pussy as her eyes darted from his mouth on Joe's cock to Joe's mouth on his cock. 

John started moving his head up and down on Joe's beautiful erection so that Cory could see his thickness disappearing down his throat and then watch as he licked and nursed on the crown. Joe had been noting all this as he sucked John and started working his mouth around on John's thick cock so that Cory could see it going down his throat and then watch as he nursed on the head. They continued this for some time and Cory would orgasm from time to time and ask them not to stop as it was so sexy. Then he felt his orgasm approaching and lifted his mouth off the gorgeous organ to tell Joe that he was about to feed him some hot cum and ask him if he was close to cumming also. Joe told him that he was about to cum also and why don't they feed each other at the same time. 

Cory was going wild as she was fucking herself with four fingers and telling them that she can't wait to watch them both cum in each other's mouths. John's penis suddenly erupted and started shooting ropes of cum into Joe's hungry mouth just as he felt the thick cock in his mouth jerk and a load of cum splash onto his waiting tongue. The two of them sucked feverishly on each other to capture every drop of juice they could muster up from their quivering balls and Cory urged them on to suck up every drop as she shuddered and shook in another wild orgasm. 

From that time on, Cory bothered them incessantly to suck each other so she could watch and masturbate. He got together with Joe at least once a week and most of the time, they invited Cory over to watch and join in but every once in a while, they wanted to be alone and spent the entire evening in bed. They loved sucking each other's cocks and could spend hours either 69ing or pleasuring each other individually. They loved fucking each other and being fucked and John was always amazed at the fact that Joe's cock never got soft no matter how many times he came. 
