 Inspired by Paul, my lover and friend

You had left me in the early afternoon and instructed me to wear something nice for dinner. You wanted to have dinner at home tonight, and with a wink, said you would bring home dessert. Then with a loving kiss, you walked out. I stretched my body, relishing the ghost of your caress. I love you so. After a hot shower and nice powder, I dressed in my delicate white lace bra and panties, and over this, my green slip dress. It was warm, so I wore no stockings and slipped into strappy, low-heeled sandals. 

As I was preparing dinner, I heard you come home with more commotion than usual. I heard you walking about the house and talking, but couldn't make out who was with you. I continued my preparations knowing you would find your way to me. I never had to wait long for you to find me when you came home. You walked into the kitchen, so handsome and tall, wearing your khaki's and Dockers and a nice polo to match. You look good to me, no matter what you wear.

"Hello, love," you say and cross the kitchen to slip behind me and kiss at my neck. I close my eyes briefly to enjoy the feel of your hands at my waist and your lips on my skin. "I'd like you to meet Michelle."

I open my eyes to see a young girl standing at the kitchen entrance. She looks to be in her late teens, dressed as most girls this age pretending to be older than she is. Her sweater is one size too small in an effort to make her chest seem more endowed, paired with a skirt just this side of too short. She has auburn hair, cut in a sassy style, and, despite the layer of thick, poorly done makeup, I see a cherub face set with emerald eyes and pouting lips. 

"Hello, Michelle," I say, "I'm Sheri." I glance back at you and raise an eyebrow. You look at me with that sexy smile and give my bottom a squeeze. With that, I know why you have brought her here. This is dessert. 

Michelle is uncomfortable, at a loss it seems. "Um, hi," she states and her eyes fall first to you, then the floor. I get the impression she didn't think anyone was supposed to be here. 

You tell me that you found her wandering the streets in town and thought she looked a little lost. You want to help her and since Michelle told you she is down on her luck at the moment, you offered her dinner here, knowing I wouldn't mind. Of course I wouldn't mind and I reassured Michelle that she is welcome and safe in our home. Dinner would be ready soon.

You take Michelle to the family room where we will eat dinner. When I enter and set the low table with the meal, you have already started playing soothing music and have opened a bottle of wine, pouring a glass for all of us. You sit on the sofa while I take a seat on the floor by the table and invite Michelle to do the same. She is hesitant, but sits next to me on one of the large pillows there. We are casual diners, preferring to linger our dinner here in this room while listening to music, reading or just enjoying each other's company. Michelle is not exactly sure of what to do, but I assure her that we like to relax while we eat, and do not often use the dining table reserving that for other company. 

As we enjoy our dinner, you and I work at making Michelle feel comfortable and welcome. You keep the wine flowing freely into Michelle's glass without her even noticing. I give her light touches, gently squeezing her arm as the conversation goes on. I want her to relax to my touch and become used to being close to me. We can both see her visibly relaxing and starting to enjoy herself. She compliments dinner and tells us both how much she appreciates our kindness. 

"Paul, why don't you clean up the dishes and bring in more wine?" I ask. I look into your eyes to silently communicate that I want some time alone with Michelle. You read my mind exactly and gladly remove the dishes from the table.

"So Michelle," I say turning to look at her. "You have been through a lot from what you have been telling us. Your family has been harsh to you with your father gone and your mother throwing you out. I want you to stay with us. Paul and I will help you find a job and a place to stay."

"Thank you, Sheri," Michelle replies. "I just don't want to be any trouble for you. Paul told me he would help, but never mentioned you. I wasn't sure I should have gone home with him, but I was desperate for a place to stay. I am glad you are here and feel better with another woman in the house."

"Of course you do. Turn around and lean against me. I see you are tense and need a shoulder rub. And slip off your shoes, you will feel more comfortable." 

Michelle and I both slip off our shoes and she turns with her back to me so that I can rub her shoulders. My touch is gentle, using my hands to knead at her muscles. I massage the tension from her shoulders and make gentle caresses down her arms. Michelle closes her eyes and relaxes even further. 

"Mmm, that feels good," she says. "With all the wine I've had and this massage, I am feeling a little sleepy."

"Just relax," I softly say, my mouth an inch from her ear. 

You, dearest, have come back into the room. I see you smile and I mouth for you to be quiet while I continue with Michelle. You take a seat in the corner of the room, a little behind me, but still with a good view. I know you want to watch this and not disturb us. 

My hands rub Michelle's bare neck, and I reach around to the front and rub her skin exposed by the open neckline of her sweater. I can feel Michelle tense a little, but she does not open her eyes. I whisper in her ear that she can relax and enjoy my touch. I know it feels nice. My hands move quickly down her chest, over her breasts to her waist and quickly up again, making it seem like just part of the massage. Again, Michelle does not open her eyes and I am encouraged to go further.

My hands again sweep down and I gently start to lift the bottom of her sweater up. I tell her that I can do a better job without this in the way and pull it off. Michelle is not aware of you in the room, and in fact is so relaxed from the wine, good food and soothing music, I think I may just be able to play with her as I wish. With her sitting against me in just her skirt and bra, I look back to see you and notice there is a sparkle in your eye. 

I continue to rub Michelle's chest and belly, making sure my palms run over her nipples lightly with each sweep. Once, twice, and on the third caress, I make a gentle squeeze of her breasts. Michelle opens her mouth in a soft gasp that thoroughly excites me. I can feel the juices starting to flow in my pussy. I have never had a young girl before, and I can barely contain myself. I know I have to go slowly so as not to frighten her. 

I bend to plant soft kisses on Michelle's neck, continuing the caress and squeezing of her breasts. They feel so soft and warm. Her neck is so inviting, leading me next to her jaw and turning her slightly, to her lovely, pouting lips. I shift her a little and with gentle pressure kiss her lips. Instead of pulling back as I would have thought, Michelle responds to my kiss and opens her mouth to allow my tongue. With this, my attention is only for her. 

Michelle's mouth is small and hot, but she knows how to kiss and plays with my tongue. I reach up, remove her bra and cup her small breast hearing her groan. Leaving her mouth, I move her to the floor and, lying next to her, I suckle her tender nipple. Even as I feel the softness, her nipple hardens and I tease it with my teeth. I fondle and caress her other breast as I tongue and suck the one at my mouth. I am breathing faster and can hear Michelle doing the same. I know she is excited, but is she as excited as I am? 

I move to her other breast and caress down her belly and over her skirt. Holding her thigh just above the knee, I slide my hand to her pussy, and I am shocked to find she has no panties on. The shock immediately turns to excitement. I feel her pussy hairs fine as down with soft swollen lips. I cup them in my hand and feel Michelle press against it. Inserting my finger into her pussy makes my own pussy tingle. She is excited and very wet. 

I move between her legs and kiss my way down this lovely body. Removing her skirt as Michelle squirms on the floor, my eyes look to you. You are slouched in the chair with your hard cock in your hands, watching my every move. I am going slowly, so slowly, letting the tension mount. 

With the skirt gone I have a clear look at this beautiful young pussy. There is a small amount of soft, fine hair that does not obscure the view of pouting pussy lips and a hard clit, begging for attention. My mouth seeks out her juices. They taste sweet and salty at the same time. I lick and kiss making Michelle moan and squirm. My tongue first traces her love hole, then penetrates it as far as I can possibly go. I add my finger and find her clit to suck. This is so very good. Michelle is writhing now, and I know she will be cumming soon. I take her clit in my teeth and gently bite, fucking her with my finger up her tight, young pussy. She cries out and suddenly my hand is covered with her cum. Quickly I lap it up, not wanting to miss a drop. 

"Oh my God," Michelle whispers and covers her eyes with her arm. I can feel her trembling still and move up to kiss her. I move her arm so I can look into to eyes and tell her that she is wonderful and special. There is more to come, if she is not afraid; the night is still young. 

You have come over to join us, now that I have made Michelle cum. You have removed your clothes and your hard cock is evidence that you want her, too. I take the time to remove my bra and panties, and now we are all naked. After kissing her nipples and licking her pussy, I turn to you and give you a passionate kiss so you can taste her on my lips. I know this will make you rigid with lust. I move above Michelle's head and hold her arms back so her breasts stretch out giving you unhindered access to her lovely nipples. She is completely entranced and accepting of our caresses. 

As you cup and suckle her breasts, my hands glide down her arms, then across your shoulders. I place my hands over yours at the sides of her breasts and together we will squeeze them while your tongue makes her nipples into peaks of desire. She sighs with the pleasure of it. You kiss down her tummy, and I know you want to taste her sweet juices, but I cup your chin and make you look to me and shake my head. I know her young body won't handle all the vigor you put into eating a woman's pussy. 

I hold your chin and gently bring you up to kiss me again. You are still kneeling between her legs and your arms are supporting your weight above her. My kiss to you is wet and hot. With one hand I am fondling her nipples and the other is stroking the back of your neck. Our lips break and I blow heated breath gently in your ear, followed by the whispered words, "Take her." I know she is a virgin, but you don't and will be thrilled to know you will be her first. 

I reach down and place my fingers around your shaft that jumps with need. I place the head of your cock at her slit, so wet and ready for you. Michelle makes a small sound, but is trapped beneath us, exciting us. With a slow stroke, you enter her tight channel and when you find her barrier, you quickly look at me. I nod my approval and you close your eyes with the exquisite thought of what you are about to do. 

Michelle is writhing again and moaning in need. I doubt she has even a thought to what you are doing other than the building of her tension. We hear her moan as she feels every inch of you stretching her pussy, and a sharp gasp escapes her when you thrust through and bury yourself to the hilt. I bend to turn my attentions to her lips, her breasts, while you fuck our little vixen. As her excitement mounts, I kneel over her face and she eagerly starts to lick my dripping pussy, lapping my juice and finding my clit with her tongue.

This is almost too much and we both feel the tightening in our bodies that can only mean the peak is near. You are moving faster in her, making her moan all the more. I have my eyes closed and my hands are braced on your shoulders. Her tongue swirls over my clit and I shiver and gasp; she has made me cum, pouring my juice all over her face. You feel me tremble and watching me, see the ecstasy in my face, and with one more powerful thrust, you cum inside her, I know it. With that, she spends, crying out as your hot seed splashes in her. We kiss passionately both of us atop this lovely young girl.

We are all on the floor, spent, but sated with love. Michelle is asleep. I reach for your hand and twine my fingers in yours. We are also on the edge of sleep, but before we fall into blissful slumber, I look lovingly into your eyes and say, "Thank you, my love. She is just divine."