 Part 1

I was just putting the finishing touches on a presentation I had to make to an important client on Monday morning and had just enough time to shower and dress and get downtown to Rob and Marsha's on time. I had been looking forward to seeing them again as we hadn't gotten together for a few weeks since we had both been traveling on business. Marsha had told me that they had invited Gerri and Sean also and that they were bringing a friend who had just moved in town from California. She knew nothing about her except that Gerri had told her that she was sure that we were all going to like her. 

I hopped into a cab and on the way downtown all I could think about was getting Marsha into bed. She was a tall, well built redhead with large, full breasts and great legs but her one outstanding feature was her ass. It was huge and stood out like an aircraft carrier's deck but was firm and so sexy looking that men, and some women, walked way out of their way following her when she walked down the street and couldn't tear their eyes from it. Their doorman knew me and waved me on as I walked into the building as he picked up the phone and announced my arrival. 

Rob answered my ring and let me into the apartment and after we greeted each other, led me inside where Marsha was just putting the finishing touches on dinner. As we kissed, I ran my hand over her gorgeous ass,

"For luck" I told her and she smiled and playfully pushed my hand away.

Rob brought me a drink and we sat down to catch up on the events of the past few weeks. As far as I was concerned, we could forego dinner and hop right into bed since I couldn't wait to get at both of them again. The thought of Rob's beautiful, thick organ and Marsha's delicious crotch was overwhelming but I knew that I was just going to have to wait since she had obviously put a lot of effort into dinner and besides she was going to have other guests arriving. I asked about the gal that Gerri and Sean were bringing and they couldn't offer me anything other than what they already told me about her. As we were talking, the phone rang and Rob told us that they had arrived and were coming upstairs.

The doorbell rang and Rob went to answer it. He came back in a few moments later with Gerri and Sean, a very attractive couple who I knew very well, and a very good looking dark haired gal with a gorgeous figure who they introduced as Olivia. I stood up to greet her and the moment our hands touched, I felt the vibes and from the look in her eyes, she felt it also. We all sat down to have before dinner drinks and Olivia sat down next to me. Our conversation was mainly about catching up on events since we all had last gotten together and then Sean told us about how they had originally met Olivia at a party in LA when she was married to Kurt. They had become quite friendly with both of them and were shocked when they received a call from Olivia that she and Kurt were divorcing and that she had decided to come East to live. 

Olivia broke in at that point and told us how helpful Sean and Gerri have been in getting her settled in the city especially since she had never been here before. I asked her where she was living and she told us that Sean found her a beautiful apartment on Riverside Drive in the 80's overlooking the Hudson River and that she loved it. Before long, I noticed that the others started talking among themselves and that Olivia and I were engaged in a private conversation as we started finding out about each other. She told me that she's been divorced about a year now and doesn't have any children. I asked her how long she's known Sean and Gerri and she told me that she met them at a party a couple of years ago and that they had stayed with she and her husband whenever they came out to LA which was fairly often. 

She told me that she and her husband had been introduced to the party scene a few years ago and had taken to it like ducks to water especially since she considered herself a sexual hedonist. I told her not to stuff herself at dinner since I wanted her wide awake and fit when we get to know one another later. She smiled coyly and took my hand in hers as she said,

"I really don't think we're going to have any problem in that regard and, by the way, my friends call me "O".

I looked at her in surprise and asked, "Does that have any connection to the famous novel?"

She looked at me with a coy smile and said,

"Only in that I'm a slave to sex, not to anyone in particular" and then Marsha called us to dinner. 

It was a delicious meal and Marsha had prepared just the right amount of food so that no one was stuffed. She accepted our congratulations on dinner with a smile and told us to go back into the living room for coffee and cordials. Olivia and I went back to our seats and resumed our conversation as she told me about some of the more interesting LA parties and I told her about our group here in the city and suburbs. She told me that she had found out that she was bisexual at the first party she attended and has been trying to make up for all the past years since. 

"My husband wasn't bi and that became an issue with us and helped contribute along with other things to our breakup. Are you bisexual?" she asked.

I told her and her face broke out in a big smile as she told me that she knew we were going to get along just fine. I asked her if she would like to go inside with me so that we could get to know each other more intimately and she stood up and took my hand and turned to the others and excused us and asked me to lead the way. I took her back into the guest bedroom and as soon as we got inside, she turned to me and melted into my arms and we kissed. I put my hand on her full breast and felt her erect nipple through the fabric and as she sucked my tongue into her mouth, I felt her hand caress my cock.

We soul kissed and the electricity between us was fantastic. Our hands fumbled for clasps and belts as we undressed each other while still locked in embrace and finally broke away to remove all our clothing. We stood there a moment looking at each other's nude bodies and my penis was throbbing at the sight of her. She was staring at my thick erection with a look of wonder on her face and then she reached out and grasped it in her hand and dropped to her knees and began licking the head and shaft as she cupped my full balls in her hand. She looked up at me and said,

"I love your cock and want you to put it in every hole I have and then some" and then she took the crown in her mouth and began to nurse on it lovingly. I let her suck the head for a while and then lifted her to her feet and led her over to the bed. 

"I want to taste every inch of you also so let's make ourselves comfortable and get to know one another" 

We lay down on the bed in a 69 position on our sides with our heads resting on each other's thighs. I was gazing into the most gorgeous crotch I had ever seen. Her labia minora were shaped like the petals of a flower and were very prominent, just the way I like them. Her clit hood was long and also prominent and as I watched, her clitoris started peeking out of the folds and it was like a tiny penis with a little head and small shaft. I couldn't resist running my tongue over it and as I did, it came out even further so that I could get my lips around it and suck it like a tiny penis. 

When I started sucking it, she gasped and told me that she loved having it sucked like that so I continued as she took my organ in her mouth and sent me off on a wonderful trip. I alternated between sucking her clit and moving down to grasp her gorgeous labia in my lips and pulling on them before sliding my tongue into her wet hole to taste the delicious juices that were accumulating there.

I was sucking her clit when I heard her cry out that she was cumming and felt her shaking in spasms as her orgasm took her away while she swallowed as much of my penis as possible. When she calmed down, she asked me to please fuck her as she wanted me inside her right now. I swung around as she reached for my cock and fit it to her wet vagina. I looked into her glazed eyes as I fed my penis inside her inch by inch and watched her pupils dilate in ecstasy as I filled her with cock. 

She looked as though she was in another world and was moaning and gasping as she told me how wonderful my cock felt inside her. When I got in deep, I felt her cunt contracting around my thick shaft and milking it and it was driving me wild. I held it there and looked into her eyes as she kept milking me and suddenly my organ swelled and started spurting cum in one spasm after another and she cried out in passion as she felt my hot juices splash inside her and held me tight as another orgasm overwhelmed her. 

I kept my penis deep inside her long after our orgasms ended and then slowly lifted myself off her and lay down alongside her to relax. Just then, we heard applause and looked over to see Rob and Gerri standing by the door naked as they congratulated us on a wonderful performance and asked if they could join us. I told them to come in and they sat down on the bed. Gerri smiled at Olivia and asked her if she was having a good time as she ran her fingers over Olivia's full breasts and nipples. 

"You know me by now. I'm in heaven as long as I'm having good sex and this wonderful guy here is providing the best" she told her.

Rob reached over and took my soft penis in his hand and asked if there was anything he could do to make it well again and I told him that he's never had any trouble getting it hard before so why should it be a problem now. He needed no further urging and leaned over and took my flaccid penis in his mouth and began sucking it. 

"You look like you could use a little therapy also" Gerri said to O as she lay down and started to lick and kiss her pussy.

"Oh I love this!" she cried out. "I'm getting all this delicious cum from both of you!" and she went back down to sucking our juices out of O's pussy. 

O and I were looking at each other as we were being sucked and I leaned over and kissed her and told her how much I was enjoying our lovemaking. That's when she told me that she's happiest when she's having sex and it doesn't make any difference whether it's a man or woman. I told her that I'm exactly the same and asked if she would like to be my partner and attend parties together and she smiled and told me that she was hoping I'd ask her that. Rob was doing his usual good job in getting me hard and I noticed that O was holding Gerri's head in her hands as she sensuously fucked her mouth. When O noticed that my cock was in full erection again she suggested that the four of us get into the act. Rob said that the reason he went down to get me hard was because he wanted my cock in his ass so O suggested that I fuck him while he fucks Gerri and she sits on Gerri's face and watches me fuck Rob.

"I'd love to watch you fuck Rob. I know it's going to really turn me on to see the expressions on both your faces and watching two men have sex is something I enjoy very much" O said to me as Rob slid his organ inside Gerri and she lowered her crotch to Gerri's waiting mouth. 

When Rob was deep inside her, I rubbed some precum over his anus and pushed the crown inside, to his gasp of pleasure, and started working it back and forth as he moaned and moved his hips around to capture more of it in his ass while stroking into Gerri. His tight hole wrapped itself around my thickness and I was losing myself in the pleasure it was giving me as O kept telling us how sexy both of us looked as I fucked him. Rob started to describe the sensations I was giving him as my cock slid smoothly in and out of his ass and how wonderful Gerri's cunt felt to his penis and I glanced up and saw O's face contorted in passion as she quietly announced that she was cumming and proceeded to shake in convulsions as she bore down hard on Gerri's eager mouth.


A short time later, Rob told us that he was about to cum and I felt his spasms in my cock as he spurted his hot cum into Gerri's hungry pussy and at the first load, Gerri cried out in orgasm and the two of them went off together. I was nowhere near orgasm and knew that I could keep fucking Rob for a long time so I slowly withdrew my throbbing organ from his warm asshole as he pulled out of Gerri and the four of us collapsed on our backs to rest. 

Gerri brought us some cold drinks and we sat around on the bed and talked about how well the evening was going and O told us that she was more turned on watching me fuck Rob than she's been in a long time and loved every minute of it. 

"I'd like to watch you suck cock and have sex with a guy very often. I find it a tremendous turn on which I never had the opportunity to experience with my ex-husband" O said to me and then added,

"You are going to provide me with lots of good sex, aren't you?" she said to me and I promised her that anytime, anywhere, anything goes as far as I'm concerned and she smiled and leaned over to brush my lips with hers.

Just then, Marsha walked in with Sean and joined us on the bed. 

"I see that you two are hitting it off pretty well" she said us and, of course, we agreed. 

Sean asked me what I thought of her and I told him. 

"You haven't seen anything yet" he said to me and then, with a smile, "She's fantastic and will probably wear you out, old man" 

I told him that I would take my chances because if she was going to kill me then that's the way I would like to go. O took my hand and promised that she wouldn't kill me but then her face lit up with a smile and she told me that she would bring me right to the edge of death as often as possible and I smiled at the prospect. 

We wound up having a go with everyone and decided to pack it in and go back to my place to sleep so we said our goodbyes and thanked Marsha for a wonderful dinner and left. When we arrived at my apartment, I showed her inside and she was surprised at the beautiful view of the park through the floor to ceiling windows in the living room. She loved the terrace and when I told her that no one, except a helicopter pilot, could see what was going on, she loved it even more. I took her in my arms and we kissed deeply for a few minutes and I felt her hand fumbling for my zipper so I broke from our embrace and took her by the hand into the bedroom. 

We both started to undress as we watched each other reveal our bodies. She was gorgeous naked and she seemed to feel the same way about me as her eyes were roaming over me from head to toe but mostly on my penis and balls. The look on her face as she looked at my cock was enough to make me cum and I found her the biggest turn on I had ever met. 

We walked over to the bed and lay down and just looked at each other. My erection was reaching out to her and her eyes were fastened on it as she spread her legs and asked me to fuck her before we go to sleep. As I slid into her wet vagina, she wrapped her arms around me and said,

"I love having your cock inside me. Promise me that you'll give it to me whenever I need it."

I told her that it was now her toy to play with at any time of the day or night and her face lit up in a smile and she kissed me. We fucked until I came which was after O"s two orgasms and then we fell asleep with satisfied smiles on our faces. 

I awakened to find O sucking my cock.

"I was having a dream that I was being pleasured by a very talented woman and now I wake up to this!" I said with a grin as I lifted my hips to feed her more cock.

She was so good it was criminal. She sucked cock so lovingly you could see how much she enjoyed what she was doing. I had watched her a few times during the course of the evening and saw how much she really loved each cock that she sucked. It was a pleasure to watch her suck cock and I noticed that she was equally the same with pussy.

She brought on my orgasm with her fabulous mouth and I fed her my load which she swallowed after tasting it and moaning as she had an orgasm also. I hadn't noticed but her fingers had been busy in her crotch all the while she was sucking me. We rested for awhile and then I asked her if she was free for the day since it was Saturday and she told me that she was mine to play with all weekend if I wished and I smiled and told her that it was a deal. 

"Will you fuck me all day and all night?" she asked and I assured her that she was going to get more cock than she can handle so just be prepared and she smiled at me and asked,

"Wanna bet?"

We talked about all the things that we could do today like the museum or the park etc. but she came to the conclusion that she would rather stay home and have sex. I asked her if she would like anyone to join us this afternoon and her eyes lit up as she asked if I knew a beautiful, thick cock that I could invite over. I thought a minute and then told her that I have a couple of cocks in mind that I'm positive she will love but won't know if they're available until I call. I reached for the phone and dialed Frank's number but he wasn't home and I left a message for him to call me if he's free this afternoon and then tried to reach Bill. He answered on the third ring and accepted my invitation immediately except that he had a dinner appointment tonight so he would have to leave by seven at the latest. I told him that would be fine and he said he'd be over inside of 30 minutes.

I told O that Bill would be over in half an hour and that I was sure that she would enjoy him since he had an absolutely gorgeous penis and was good looking to boot. 

"In addition to his gorgeous cock and beautiful balls, he has the sexiest ass in the world and loves to be fucked so you're going to have to watch me fuck him and her eyes lit up as she told me that she couldn't wait to watch me fuck him. I asked her if she had ever been double fucked because Bill and I could take care of her very well and she looked at me with a smile and said,

"I love a cock in my ass and pussy at the same time. The only thing better would be another cock so I could have him face fuck me as both my holes are being fucked"

I asked her if she would like me to ask another guy over and she told me not to do anything at the moment since she wants to meet Bill first. Then she went into the bathroom and was still there when I got the call that he had just arrived. A few minutes later, I let Bill into the apartment after stepping aside so my neighbors couldn't see my naked body. When I closed the door, he grasped my penis and shook it in greeting and, as we turned to go into the living room, O walked in and Bill's jaw dropped as he shook her hand after I introduced them. 

"This woman is absolutely gorgeous!" he exclaimed and I asked him to please remove his clothing because I had bragged to her about his penis and wanted to prove what I told her. When he removed his shorts and turned around, O gasped and cried out in delight,

"Oh, that's a gorgeous cock you have there, Bill. Do you mind if I get to know it more intimately?" 

He smiled and told her that it was his honor and privilege and she led him into the bedroom and asked him to please lay back and relax so that she could get to know him. She started by licking and sucking his full balls and occasionally snaking her tongue into his anus. When she had him squirming in passion, she moved up to his thick, throbbing organ and started licking from the base up until she reached his swollen crown. When she got there, she noticed a large drop of precum sitting in his slit and deftly licked it off before it could slide down his shaft. She licked her lips and turned to me as she told me that he was almost as delicious as me and then went back down and wrapped her mouth around the smooth, sloped crown and began to nurse on it as she moaned in satisfaction. 

"Would you please come over and feed me that delicious cock of yours? he asked. 
