 As soon as she put the phone down Debra turned out the lights and decided to try and catch some sleep before morning. Her Mind was aglow with various thoughts and hopes about the day gone and the day ahead. A whole day with Chris, and she did not have to work in the evening either. For a guy who had barely known her 3 or 4 days he had definitely showed a certain amount of commitment. Though 3 or 4 days in a long scale relationship was hardly of note. However, she thought optimistically, it was necessary to pass the 3 or 4 day point to get to the longer relationship. She hoped. 

*******

"Hey! Madame red head, wake up!" yelled an insistent voice.

"Whuh? Whuzat?" Debra rolled over and squinted at the sunlight glinting through the curtains. She looked around her dim room, seeing nothing out of place. She could feel her hair doing a very good impression of an 80s Tina Turner. There was no one there and she decided she must have imagined the voice calling her. She rolled over and regarded the white ceiling above. Though rested Debra was really considering spending the rest of her day in bed. Slowly she swung her feet over the bed and made her way to the bathroom. Glancing in the mirror she felt a little peeved that she had been right about the Tina Turner. Who needed backcombing when you could just sleep for a couple of hours. The steam from the shower told her the water was already hot so she climbed in, grateful for the massage head that had so thoughtfully been installed by the previous owner of the house. The water rushed over her, coursing over her skin and hair, the heat relaxing away the stiffness in her back. She considered what she wanted to do today, perhaps some shopping for some new underwear or something else maybe. 

She turned off the faucet and reached for one of the towels on the rail. Debra toweled herself off to a decent degree and threw the towel on top of the laundry hamper. She turned towards the mirror to check her face and stopped in her tracks. There, in the steam from the shower someone had written a message. Someone was in her house. Someone had been in her bathroom with her and she hadn't even known. The message simply had a heart with "good morning beautiful" written across it. She racked her brain as to who it could be and how they had got in. Could it be another stalker that she would have to call the cops for or someone else? Johnny's face swam across her mind and she shuddered. She remembered last night with him and Chris. Chris!!! Suddenly Debra's heart leapt. What time was it! She ran into the bedroom and grabbed the clock. It was flashing a red and healthy 12:00 over and over. Perfect. She scrabbled about on her dresser trying to find her watch before remembering there was a clock over the sink in the kitchen. 

As she hurried into the kitchen her wet feet almost slipped on the polished floor and she had to grab the wall to catch her balance. The smell of food was wafting towards her and her stomach growled an involuntary response. She skidded to a halt at the doorway. The clock said 1.43. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK replied her brain. They had been supposed to meet at 11, but that still did not answer who was in her house writing messages and cooking breakfast. The skillet on the stove was sizzling with scrambled eggs and some bacon she didn't even realize she had. The toast suddenly popped up and she nearly jumped out of her skin. The kitchen was empty though and the intruding chef was no where in sight. She stepped backwards and was about to turn around to return to her bedroom in search of clothes when she stepped backwards into someone. He encircled her waist with one arm and covered her eyes with his free hand before she could turn and see him. 

"Morning Red. I see someone overslept, it's ok so did I. Miss me?" 

He started kissing the nape of her neck that was still damp from the shower. She almost lost her balance again as her knees became weak. Chris sure knew exactly which of her buttons to press. Debra recognized his deep voice and the scent he was wearing the night before. Unless some other guy who just happened to smell and sound the same had broken into her house. She turned to face him and he removed his makeshift blindfold from her face. The boyish grin she had immortalized in her memory shone out from his face as bright as the sunlight that had dazzled her earlier. His arms pinned her to him and she recalled how well formed they had looked without a shirt on. He was wearing a T shirt that said "kiss me I'm Irish" in huge green letters. Debra remembered joking to a girlfriend once that someone had to be drunk to wear something like that but she realized now she was wrong about that. 

"How exactly did you get in? I thought I had a stalker or someone and I was gonna call the cops." 

He looked at her lopsidedly and with a raised eyebrow sarcastically replied "I am the cops, remember! Well maybe not round here but still." He smiled at her as he chuckled before kissing her on the nose. 

Debra's brain went belly up. Cops! She racked her memory for when he had told her he was a cop and came up with a few cobwebs and a rather certain blank. That explained the physique, and how he had managed to get in the house. Then her mind began to visualize Chris in his uniform and she almost creamed herself. She smiled nervously back at him before regaining her composure. 

"I guess I'll have to remember where you keep your handcuffs in future. But before you arrest me for public nudity can I put some clothes on?"

"I could always take mine off........." He raised an eyebrow at her again and held her a little righter. 

Her stomach growled again and she decided she'd rather have an edible breakfast before any other type. She patted him on the cheek and gingerly disentangled herself. Then after looking stoically towards him marched towards the bedroom. Debra made sure to lock the door behind her because she could almost guarantee that she would have far less interruptions than if she didn't lock it. She gazed at the rather unkempt pile of laundry on the floor and the chair of discards from previous days. She tugged at a red tartan corner sticking out of the pile, which tumbled over to reveal a small kilt style mini. The after searching the chair she went to the chest of drawers to retrieve a set of plain black underwear and a black tank top. 

After quickly throwing it all on she decided to remove the underwear. It was probably superfluous anyway. She slipped her feet into some matching red flip-flops and regarded herself in the mirror. Her bangs were almost dry but most of her hair was still wet. Rather than waste time drying it she bound it into two long plaits. 5 bucks says he will call you Pippi Longstocking she thought. Debra glanced towards her makeup bag before deciding that with the warm temperature outside it was probably better not to bother. She unlocked the door and made her way a little more gracefully than earlier into the kitchen. Breakfast steamed gently on the table and she grabbed a fork before jumping into the seat and tucking in. 

"I like a girl with an appetite. Especially if she likes my cooking. What would you like to do today anyway? Since I've already had to practice breaking and entering, I guess its your turn to decide."

"Mphmm eraph eelrm iynad."

"You would like to learn English or you would like me to learn speaking with a full mouth?" He teased. 

Debra swallowed before replying that she didn't really mind and then shoving another forkful of the really, really, really, tasty scrambled egg concoction that Chris had made into her mouth. She hadn't had breakfast made for her in a while and she didn't remember it tasting quite so good either. 

*******

Debra removed her keys from the lock and pushed the door open. She deposited the various bags that they had accumulated during the day onto the floor and collapsed onto the couch. She wasn't sure that there was anything left at any of the stores they had been to. Chris was outfitted with various new t-shirts (which she had found out were pretty much the only thing he would wear outside of work) and her assortment of underwear had gone from plain and rather inconsistent to various shades, shapes, and styles. Not only was this guy thoughtful, caring, pretty good in bed, well great in bed and out of it actually, he was also a great shopping buddy. She could almost see the little voice in the back of her mind waving a gay pride banner and pointing to a list of attributes belonging to Chris. As she moved to straighten up Chris smacked her on the behind and made a dive for the couch. Damn he could move fast when he wanted. 

Chris grinned at her and motioned for her to sit. However seeing as he was spread out across the couch this meant more of a sit on my lap than sit on the couch. Debra had spent the entire day being teased by him and she decided to get a little of her own back. Every time she had gone into a changing room he had tried to come in with her, or rubbing himself against her when she bent over, or deciding to finger her while he was driving back. He just didn't seem to stop and he had totally refused to let her come while she was in the car. She pouted at the thought but decided to play along. 

Debra sauntered towards the couch and looking innocently at him lifted her leg to straddle him. By now he was thoroughly aware that she hadn't bothered with undergarments and his eyes were drawn straight to her exposed sex peeping out from under her short skirt as she paused for a moment before lowering herself down onto his lap. She could already feel the beginning of his erection growing beneath her as she sat on his lap. This gave her ample ammunition to wriggle slightly, and press her hips a little harder into his groin. His hands rested on her hips and Debra felt a small premise of what was to come. It was time for her to take charge of the situation. 

She stood up being sure to pause again before turning and beginning to walk towards her bedroom. As she began her third or fourth step of hip swinging saunter she began to pull her top over her head. Her current occupation had a certain amount of benefits in that she was very aware how to use her body to its best advantage. She paused at the doorway leaning on her left hip and lifted the back of her skirt to gently scratch her behind before turning towards Chris with a look that said some thing along the lines of "oops I forgot you were here". He chuckled at her and decided to get himself up from the couch at that moment to join her. By the time he reached her bedroom door Debra had already formulated a plan to teach this new puppy a lesson for teasing her all day. On the way to the bedroom his shirt had been unbuttoned and his pants unzipped. As always he didn't bother with underwear and Debra could already see the tip of his erection through the open fly. He was far too eager to please. 

She was spread on the bed, propped up on her elbows with her knees bent back under her. She was still wearing the skirt but it was hitched up around her waist a little further. So many guys had told her how much they loved to fuck a girl in a short skirt from behind that she couldn't count them all anymore. But despite Chris thinking that this was what he was going to be getting Debra had other ideas. He stood at the end of the bed admiring the view. She sat up and began to lick at his already erect nipples and his hands found their way straight to her breasts. They kneaded a little harder in sync with her tongue and he pinched her own nipples a little whenever she nibbled on his. She used her free hands to remove his shirt, meaning he had to remove his hands for a second or so and she used this to press her breasts hard onto his exposed chest. If he hadn't been aware of them before Chris was thoroughly conscious of them now. He had also managed to shimmy out of his pants and his skin was warm with anticipation as he pushed her down onto the bed. 

Debra chose this moment to act and instead of allowing him to pin her under his weight she slipped to the side and quickly climbed on top of him. She sat as she had on the couch pressing her naked self into his already engorged erection. She leant up towards him and began to kiss him. While he was occupied with probing every inch of her mouth Debra reached up and clipped his right wrist into the handcuff waiting on the bedpost. He was so engrossed that he didn't even feel her doing it and it wasn't until she finished doing the same with his left and broke the kiss off that he suddenly found himself rather tied up. She smiled to herself, satisfied that her idea had worked. She just hoped he didn't know some "Cop trick" for getting out of handcuffs. 

"You have been a bad, bad boy Chris. Teasing me all day. Now its my turn." she smiled smugly from atop him and wriggled her hips back and forth slowly, stroking him a little with her body. 

"Honey you don't think walking around all day in a skirt like that with no underwear isn't teasing me??" He sounded disbelieving but the small grin at the corner of his mouth gave away his interest in whatever she might have in store. 

"Well I thought we'd start off with a little taste of what you were doing to me earlier, only I thought we might kick it up a notch." 

She eased herself down so that her face was almost touching his. He closed his eyes in anticipation of kissing her but instead she sunk her body down and began to slide down his body. She paused for a moment to lick at his nipples again and then proceeded to lick down his abs towards his groin. He raised his hips a little, as if trying to present her with the target. However she had no intention of giving him such an easy ride. She bypassed his growing erection and stared kissing the inside of his thigh. As she reached his balls she started to lap gently at them, as a cat does to milk. Darting her tongue quickly in and out. She started slowly at the back of his sack, and nibbled gently on the lose skin as he grunted at the disappointment that he wasn't to have immediate satisfaction from her. She licked him again closing in further to his erection while at the same time being very careful not to touch his shaft. Then just as her tongue was about to reach the base of his cock she diverted it and started kissing again on his other thigh. He moaned a little at this treatment that Debra knew would become a torment before long. She started to massage his balls with her hand, gently squeezing at them while using her index finger to put pressure on the skin underneath. Having gay friends came in useful sometimes because they knew some truly unique things about how to please a man. 

She finally gave him some respite and licked at the head slowly as if savoring the salty precum that had already formed there. He raised his hips against her again, trying to slip himself over her tongue and into her mouth. She obliged him a little and sucked at the head making sure that plenty of her saliva dripped down his shaft. When she felt it was slippery enough she grasped the base with her free hand and began to take him into her mouth. She continued to lap at his head as she lowered herself about half way down him before pausing and withdrawing. She continued to tease him this way, starting down but not finishing and increased the pace of her strokes. As she quickened he pushed and bucked more at her and she could hear him begging at her under his breath. Then she paused leaving just his head inside her lips before starting down again and taking him all in. He moaned in satisfaction as she repeated the process a couple of times slowly and began to pick up the pace again. She sucked at him until she could feel he was about to burst and then she stopped. Debra sat back with a satisfied look on her face and would have liked to take a picture of his as she stood up to leave. The sheer disbelief coupled with the pain of his arrested orgasm made him seem to have lost all desire but that to come. 

Debra blew him a kiss as she stepped out the doorway. She enjoyed the power game that game from teasing a helpless man and she could feel her vaginal lips slick with her own juices squelch a little as she walked. When she returned he whined a little at her and looked pleadingly as she stood taking him in with her eyes. 

"Now Chris. I remember you said something earlier about enjoying the idea of girls together. So I have a confession to make to you. I haven't been totally honest. I have a girlfriend." She let that one sink in through his orgasm driven mind before continuing. 'She's on her way over and I don't think it right for you to be all tired out by the time she gets here so I'm giving you a couple of minutes rest. I'd like you to think about that until I get back." 

Debra however did not see any reason to deprive herself and while she waited on the couch she slipped her fingers under her skirt and started to ease the sexual force that had been building in her all day. Calling Hélène had been an on the spot idea. She wasn't her girlfriend per say but a very willing friend who loved the idea of a tied up guy being forced to watch two girls go at it before having a go at him. Debra had almost reached orgasm when she heard a melodic voice behind her. 

"I thought you said this was a guy thing, not a self pleasure I want my cunt to be licked by a pro 'cos I'm lonely thing." 

Hélène was a classic beauty. She had rippling golden hair with ample breasts and a very well rounded ass. The slinky silver dress she was wearing hid little as well as showing that Debra wasn't the only one in the room who needed some release. She had obviously enjoyed catching her friend in the act so to speak. Debra got up a little shakily and the two embraced and kissed each other on the cheek, before Debra led her new partner to the bedroom. 

Chris had obviously been contemplating Debra's last words only moments before and though still shackled to the bed his cock was free from such restraint and stood proudly out. His head whipped round to the doorway as the two of them stood there taking him in. 

"My My." Exclaimed Hélène . "You meant it when you said this one was worth the trip. Very nice. Well baby, I suggest we let this one get a good eyeful before we let him go." 

At that she pulled Debra towards her and began to kiss her. The kiss started out as a little light lip touching but quickly moved to a full on massage. Helen was much more confident and her tongue movement varied itself, sometime slow and other times quick and darting. Debra used her free hands to reach under Hélène 's dress and cup her ass with her hands. The two stood there together for several minutes pressing against each other and kissing before stealing a glance at Chris on the bed. He could barely contain himself and the grin on his face was bigger even that the one he had shown Debra yesterday when he invited Johnny to join in. Hélène tsk tsk'd at him and without waiting for Debra to remove her hands pulled her dress over her head exposing the remainder of her body underneath. She was wearing a strapless bra and matching thong in black lace and baby pink silk. Debra immediately felt rather female for wondering where she had bought it rather than what was behind them. Debra wasted no time in pulling the bra down with her teeth and suckling on Hélène 's ample breast. She pinched the nipple lightly between her teeth and Hélène gave out a gasp. 

Hélène moaned a little as she pushed Debra's head harder into herself. Debra raised her head and received another lingering kiss from Hélène. The two smiled at each other before checking Chris again. He was whimpering a little now and the head of his thoroughly erect cock seemed to have turned a rather deep shade of purple. Both the girls decided this couldn't be healthy but he was so adept at controlling himself he was refusing to let himself go. Hélène led Debra to the bed and lay down so that her head was at Chris' feet giving him a great view of her shaved self. She pulled Debra down to her and motioned for her to get on top in a sixty-nine style which she willingly did. She came almost immediately as Hélène's tongue touched her clit, flooding her face with the orgasm that had been building up for hours. As the feeling subsided she started work on Hélène. Slowly she tasted the outside of her, feeling the little bumps on her skin and nibbling lightly on her outer labia. Debra made sure to keep good eye contact with Chris so he knew exactly how much she was enjoying herself like this. 
