 It had been an exhausting morning of running around. Early that afternoon it had turned cold and grey, so I decided to cut off work early and head home. I was looking forward to having some time alone. 

Pulling up the lane, I was pleasantly surprised to see my hubby's truck parked in front of the house. He is a contractor, building new homes, and must have decided the weather was too gloomy to work in too. Knowing it was hours before the kids were due home, I started thinking about the ways we could spend the time together. I could feel a twinge between my legs at the thought of crawling naked into bed with him. I could see the plumes of smoke coming up from the chimney and I was welcomed by the warm heat of the fire when I went inside. 

I realized he must not have heard me pull up, or he would have met me at the door. I wondered if he was taking advantage of the fact the house was empty, and I was excited by the thought that I might catch him with his hard cock in hand, perhaps watching a DVD in the bedroom, or curled up on the couch with the laptop. 

I took of my wet coat, un-buttoned the top few buttons on my blouse, and took off my bra. I took the clip out of my hair and shook my blonde curls out onto my shoulders. With a quick approving glance in the mirror, I set off to find him. 

As I rounded the corner to the living room, I thought I heard a soft low moan. I quietly crept around the corner, I didn't want to startle him, I was really hoping to catch a good glimpse of him before he realized I was there. Peaking around the corner, it took me a moment to set eyes on him, and what a shock I received when I did! 

There, leaning against the couch on the floor in front of the fireplace was this incredibly gorgeous man, wearing only an unbuttoned flannel shirt, exposing a hard chest with sweat glistening in the hairs from the glow of the fire. His head was leaning back on the couch cushion, eyes closed, and soft moans coming from deep inside him. 

The reason he was moaning, was that between his legs, lying on the floor was my husband. Wearing only his work overalls, they had been unbuckled and were exposing the small of his back above his ass. I could see the muscles tighten and contract as he was lightly humping the floor. In his mouth was this strangers hard cock, and he was sucking it with such vigour and enthusiasm I could hear the slurping noises from my hiding spot in the doorway. 

The strangers hands were on my husbands (we'll call him Marc) head, guiding him up and down, and I watched as Marc used his hands to pull the skin of the stranger's cock tight, then loose, moving with the rhythm of his mouth. 

Standing there in the shadows I could feel the heat rise up my chest. The tight denim of my jeans was getting wet, as my hot juices were soaking my panties. I had never been so turned on by the sight of something in my life. My nipples were poking against the soft cotton of my blouse, I could not resist reaching up and squeezing one between my fingers. I took my other hand and pressed the hard seam of my jeans against my clit, a quick shudder ran up my spine as I did. 

Suddenly the stranger pushed Marc's mouth up and off of him, moving him so that Marc would be lying on his back. The stranger pulled the bib of his overalls down, and Marc's cock sprang out from underneath. This man started kissing and biting the smooth skin of Marc's hips, one of my favourite things to do. I could almost smell the familiar, soft, musky scent I knew was filling his senses at that moment. He quickly got right down to it, picking up the head of Marc's cock in his mouth, tasting it with his tongue, squeezing the head between his lips. He pulled the pants down a little further and Marc bent his legs at the knees. The stranger reached up and put a hand between his legs, and judging from the look on Marc's face, he must have been pushing one of his fingers against the tight nub of Marc's asshole, teasing it, maybe even inserting the tip of his finger. Marc's hand went up to cover his eyes, and I heard him whisper, 'Oh god, oh yes....." 

By this point I had quietly unbuttoned both my blouse and jeans, and was eagerly rubbing the hard nub of my clit, very much aware of the wet noises I was making, trying very hard not to make my presence known. I was so afraid that they saw me, they would be so shocked would stop what they were doing. But the excitement I was feeling was so overwhelming, I must have let out an audible groan, for at that moment the stranger looked up, staring right at me. 

I smiled at him, and lifted a finger to my lips so that he would not make my presence known. I crept quietly into the room, as he proceeded to suck Marc off. I approached my husband, still lying there with his hands covering his eyes, leaned down and softly kissed him on the lips. His hand flew off his face, and his eyes jerked open. I smiled at him and leaned down to kiss him more passionately. His hand came up, and found it's way to my breast, pinching the nipples with his fingers. I felt a tug on my jeans, and realized the stranger was pulling them down around to my knees, and I was shocked to feel an unfamiliar touch on my wet pussy. I allowed him to touch me a bit longer, excited by the new feeling, and then I stood up and pulled my jeans right off. 

Marc sat up and looked at me sheepishly. I could tell he was pleased by my reaction, but maybe a little shocked too. I stood over him, straddling him with my legs and lowered myself down, letting the soft hair of my pussy rub against his nose allowing his to feel it's warmth as I moved down, letting my nipple pass over his lips for a moment, then wrapping my hot wet pussy around his still erect cock. At first the stranger seemed a little lost what to do, so I took his hand and brought him closer, to stand beside Marc. Marc turned his head and took the stranger's cock back in his mouth and started to suck him with more enthusiasm than he did before. I looked up at the man and he looked down at me, obviously pleased. 

It wasn't long before I could tell the stranger was about to cum. I stopped moving for a moment, pressed myself hard against Marc, as he eagerly awaited the release of this strange man. He took the back of Marc's head in his hands and let out a loud moan as he released into Marc's mouth. I could see him eagerly swallowing the cum as it shot into him, and felt my own mouth water as I noticed a small amount escape his lips and move down his chin. 

The stranger released Marc, who turned to look at me. I took his head in my hands and leaned in to kiss him, wanting to taste the cum still on his lips. I kissed him long and hard, sucking lightly on his tongue, biting at his lips. All the while I was riding his cock, holding him tight against me, sliding my pussy up and down, his hands were tightly grasping my ass, keeping up with the rhythm of my movements. 

Marc broke the kiss, and moved to lift me off of him. He turned me around and while on my knees, he pushed me forward into the couch. He held my hands down tight, rammed his cock into me and began fucking me from behind. I could see the stranger in the reflection of the fireplace doors, as he moved behind Marc, bent over and began licking his balls and ass. Marc slowed his thrusts when he did this, but they became harder and deeper, almost lifting me off the floor. I was suddenly startled to find a strange hand reach around and start rubbing my clit, and I realized that it wasn't Marc's. This man seemed to know exactly how to touch me, rubbing my hard wet nub, sending shivers right through me. My breasts were pushed up against the couch cushions, I took a hand from Marc's grasp and began rubbing my nipples, squeezing and pulling at them. 

This was almost too much for me to bear. I could feel my orgasm coming on. My breath quickened, my moans got louder as I tensed up and pushed my hips back into Marc, forcing him as deep as he could go. The shudder that moved through me was so deep, I forgot where I was for a moment and became so enthralled with the feeling of it. My head was spinning, my hips buckling, I felt like I would explode. I closed my eyes and screamed in ecstasy, pushing my face into the cushions to muffle the loud sound. 

At that same moment, I felt Marc tense up behind me, and I could tell he was about to cum. I could see in the reflection the stranger was on his knees behind him, fingering his asshole like I know he loves, and Marc thrust hard and fast into me, shooting his hot cum into my throbbing pussy, still pulsating from my orgasm moments before. 

Marc collapsed on top of me, I could feel his heart pounding against my back. Once I caught my own breath, I turned around and looked right at him. He smiled at me, still breathing heavy, the sweat dripping from his brow. He said..."Hi Babe, this is Shawn, he's working on the same house as me." 

I looked up at the stranger, held out my hand, and said, "A pleasure to meet you". 

Shawn took my hand...."The pleasure is all mine." he replied.