 Mr. Kay walked in to what should have been an active classroom. He had left Amy alone for her first solo teaching experience. What he found was an empty classroom, due to a last minute assembly. Just as he was about to leave the classroom and head to the auditorium he heard a faint noise coming from the uniform storage room.

Mr. Kay walked to the door of the room and looked through the window. The lights were out in the hallway and there was only a small lamp on in the uniform room. This allowed Mr. Kay a good view of the room without the occupants seeing him. What he saw at first appalled him, but as he continued to watch he found himself getting turned on.

Amy, his student teacher, was bent over a chair with her ass in the air. Her skirt was pulled up over her back and her hairless pussy was exposed. Her blouse had been pulled down around her waist exposing her large breasts. This vision itself would have caused Mr. Kay to sport an erection. Just as he was about to enter the room, and give Amy a piece of his mind and also a piece of his growing cock, he saw a movement in the corner of the room.

Not one, but two of the Senior Men's choir members were in the room with Amy. Both boys had turned 18 earlier in the year and had been making comments about what they would like to do to Miss Amy if they ever got a chance. Well it seems that they finally were going to get their chance to make good on all their talk.

The boys, John and Matt, had taken their shirts and pants off and were approaching Miss Amy wearing nothing but their boxer shorts. Mr. Kay could see that the boys were very aroused at seeing Miss Amy bent over the chair. Their cocks were making their boxers tent out in front of them. John approached from the front and dropped his shorts exposing an almost fully erect cock. It was about 8 inches long and not too thick around the middle. Amy brought her head up to meet his cock and started to lick the head. Her tongue would flick across the top and down each side. With each flick of her tongue his cock would jump in anticipation. Mr. Kay could clearly see that Amy was getting wet between her legs. Her pussy was glistening in the light and he could see drops of her pussy juice start to slide down her inner thigh.

Amy was now sucking on John's shaft taking all of his cock into her mouth. As she bobbed her mouth off the head of his fuck muscle she would flick her tongue across the tip and then suck him back in to its full length. Matt watched from behind and reached his hand inside his shorts and began stroking his full erection inside his shorts. He would match stroke for stroke with John's blowjob. It didn't take long for Matt to have enough of just watching. He pulled his shorts over his erection and let them drop to the floor. 

Matt's cock was a little shorter than John's but seemed to be thicker around the middle. He shuffled his way closer to Miss Amy and took his shaft in his hand. First he took the head of his cock and rubbed it up and down Amy's wet slit. His first touch caused Amy to jump a little and she bit down on John's cock. This seemed to arouse him more. Matt slid his cock head up and down her hot slit until the head was covered with her love juice. Timing it to correspond with John's movements at the front, Matt slid his love muscle into Amy's pussy.

The boys were so in sync with each other it seemed that they had been practicing for this event for a long time. Their movements were so together that Amy didn't even have to move. She could feel each cock inside her pumping in rhythm. With each stroke she could feel the boys cocks begin to swell with the anticipation of cumming. Mr. Kay could hear a low moan coming from Amy's throat. He knew how this was going to end. He had heard that low moan before in one of their fuck sessions. Without realizing it Mr. Kay had taken his rock-hard, nine-inch cock out of his pants and was stroking it in rhythm to the pounding that Amy was receiving in the next room. 

Amy's moans grew louder and her ass muscles began to tighten, as her orgasm was getting closer. The low moan soon became louder and higher in pitch. Her legs were starting to quiver as her orgasm grew. The two boys were pumping in time to the moaning and they could feel that they were close as well. Amy's legs started to buckle but Matt held her up by her hips as he kept pumping faster and faster. John kept pace in the front and Amy's moans became screams of pleasure as the first waves of her orgasm hit her. 

She urged the boys to fuck faster and harder. Her screams of pleasure were matched as each boy in turn exploded into her mouth and pussy. Shot after shot of hot cum hit the back of her throat and the walls of her pussy were soon filled as the boys screamed with each wad of cum that shot out of their cocks. Amy's pleasure ride kept going for anther two minutes as her pussy muscles contracted and milked every last drop out of Matt's cock and her mouth sucked up every drop of John's cum. Her knees were weak from the sound fucking she had just received. 

John pulled his cock out of her mouth and pulled up his shorts. Matt pulled his cock out of her pussy with a pop. The boys quickly dressed and left the room out the back door heading for the auditorium and the assembly. 

Amy sat down in the chair and began to fondle her breasts. She put one hand between her legs and crossed her legs around her hand. Mr. Kay was still watching. He had put his cock away before the boys left the room but had brought it back out when he realized that Amy was not finished yet. He watched as she caressed her nipples with one hand and stroked her clit with the other. As she slid her fingers up and down her slit, they were getting coated in her pussy juice from the fucking she had just received. She then licked her fingers until they were clean. She put her hand between her legs and squeezed her hand into her pussy. He fingers slid into her slit and her thumb was touching her clit. Her tummy muscles began to twitch and her legs started to quiver again. She was about to have another orgasm.

Mr. Kay couldn't wait any longer. He entered the room without her noticing and snuck up behind her. His replaced her hands with his on her breasts. She was now free to use both hands on her pussy. She inserted first one finger then another and soon four fingers were inside. Her other hand was working on her swollen clit. Mr. Kay came in front of her and picked her up. As he raised her up Amy spread her legs exposing her wet pussy. He eased her down on top of his cock and he slid in easily. Her muscles tightened around his cock and started to contract. He could feel the walls of her pussy pulling him in deeper and deeper.

Standing with Amy's legs wrapped around his waist was more than Mr. Kay could take. He started to pump his hot cum inside her. This caused her to contract in another orgasm as the hot cum hit the inside of her pussy she was screaming his name again and again until they both were so exhausted they had to sit down. He sat with his cock still inside of her. His cock was spent and deflated out of her quickly. Nothing was said about the two boys she fucked earlier. Mr. Kay never told her he had watched the whole thing through the window. The next class was about to start so they both dressed quickly and left through separate doors.