 Barb stopped her masturbating, stood up and looked around at the men grabbing their bulges. Some of them unzipped their pants and whipped out their cocks. She smiled at them, cupped her tits and turned around with her ass pointed at her young stud. She grabbed the back of her chair and turned to us and winked.

"Watch this," she whispered.

Barb put both knees on the chair seat, pulled her skirt up over her naked ass, spread her legs a little, and brought her fingers up to part her pussy lips. Now the bills were falling like rain, all over my wife's naked ass. The men were closing in on her, and she loved it. One of them reached out to grab her ass and she scolded him.

"Hey, remember the rules, boys -no touching" 

Her young stud admirer, pumping his meat like crazy, edged even closer to her chair. She looked back at him over her shoulder and licked her lips. He wanked his manhood so fast that precum flew up and landed right in her ass crack. She let out a long ooooh and spread her pussy lips wider. Two of the men's dicks were poised inches from her face, so near she pursed her lips and blew a gust of hot air on them. One of the cocks erupted immediately and a stream of hot cum landed on her chin. She looked up at the culprit.

"Now that was naughty. Hope you're proud of yourself?" She said, and then stuck out her long tongue and licked the cum into her mouth.

"Oooh yummy! None of you other boys are that nasty, are you?" She begged.

About that time I was ready to explode, myself. I positioned my fingers around the base of my cock under the table, when all the sudden another hand took hold. Shocked, I loosened my grip. The little hand continued jacking my cock. I looked over at Rudy. He was breathing heavily and his eyes rolled back. I looked next to him where Debbie was. Where was Debbie? Wow, that must be her jacking me off -what a gal! Soon Rudy pounded the table once with his fist, and he struggled to get his breath. I knew then that Debbie was getting him off.

Barb was now a three-alarm-fire with about six firemen trying to hose her off. She raised her torso up, cupped her huge mounds and held them out like two big targets. Three guys took the challenge and ejaculated almost in unison, trying their damndest to shoot their cum on her tits. Surprisingly, most of them hit the target. She smooched her boobs together and made a cum-filled pool in her cleavage. That's when Debbie grasped the base of my cock and I felt her tongue flicking at the head. The next sensation was her mouth taking my cock down her throat. I was amazed that such a petite woman could take my 8" all the way like that. It flashed through my mind that Rudy must have one huge cock.

Barb laughed in astonishment as the men papered her cum-soaked chest with 10's, 20's and even a fifty.

"Thank you gentleman. That was my pleasure." She bent over the chair once again and turned her head back to gaze at the young stud. "Well, what about it, Honey? Got any milk for momma?"

The combination of watching my slut wife and Debbie's blowjob was too much. I felt my cock spray Debbie's throat. She expertly pulled my cock half way out and sucked me dry. I looked over at smiling Rudy.

"Hell of a cocksucker, ain't she?"

"Yes, Rudy. You are a lucky man!"

Suddenly Debbie popped up in her seat, with cum still seeping from the edges of her mouth. I offered my thanks.

"You're welcome Donny. Come here baby."

She grabbed Rudy by the back of his neck and sloppily kissed him, with our cum on her lips. The wet kiss must of turned Rudy on. He scooted his chair from the table and stood up to get a better view of his slut sister. His dick stood at attention right in front of me and I gulped. His cock was a good 12" long and as thick as Debbie's wrist. In all the years I've known him, I never guessed he was hauling around such a load. I wondered too if Barb had ever seen her baby brother's manhood.

Barb did her best to seduce the young stud, and now it was paying off. She fingered her pussy and teased him, until finally his cock erupted. He deposited one big load after another on her ass. The guys went crazy and applauded loudly, as the cum leaked its way down her asshole, pussy and thighs. The stud reached in his wallet and planted a $100 bill on her asscrack.

Barb smiled and told everyone the show was over. She gathered up her tips and dried them on her skirt. She shoved her tits back into her halter top and turned back around to face our table. The men tucked their dicks back in their pants and Barb started tallying up her winnings. That's when she caught Rudy packing away his bundle.

"RUDY! Wait a minute. What the HELL was that?"

"Just my cock sis".

"You know, in all the years I've known you, I've never seen it. Let me see."

Just then two huge bouncers came up to our table. They looked over at Candy, and she said, "Yeah, that's them. That's the bitch that's taking all my money."

"I'm afraid we're going to have to ask you four to leave," said one of the giants.

Barb started to put up a stink, but we convinced her that she should be happy with all that money. She whispered that she had taken in over $400. Not bad for a few minutes work. She soon lightened up and we headed for Rudy's van. We laughed all the way back home.

Once we got back to the house Barb poured us all some stiff drinks, flicked on the stereo, and recounted her exploits.

"Man, do I know how to put on a show, or what? And Debbie, you did a good job too."

"She did more than ONE good job!" Laughed Rudy. 

When Debbie and I laughed too, she wanted to know what was so funny.

"Let's put it this way Barb, while you were giving those guys a good show, Debbie was entertaining me and Donny."

"Oh I see, continued Barb, you gave 'em a look at your tight little bod?"

"More than that, actually. I went down on them," smiled Debbie.

"Wow, and I missed THAT? Speaking of cocksucking... I believe you still have something to show me, Rudy, huh?"

Rudy blushed, shrugged her off and retreated to the bathroom. Debbie took Barb by the arm and whispered to her that Rudy was a little embarrassed by the size of his manhood. Barb's eyes got big, as Debbie explained that he was afraid that people would think he was abusing his petite wife with such a huge cock.

"Oh that's just silly. I would never think that, would you Donny?" She asked, seriously.

"Hell no. I'd be proud to display a tool like that," I admitted.

Rudy returned and we polished off another round of drinks. It was a joy being with Rudy and Debbie again. We had really missed their company. Barb was getting her second wind, when she pulled out the wad of money from the club.

"Hey, I've got an idea. Let's play strip club with all this moolah! What do ya say guys?"

Debbie chimed in, "Sounds like fun -I'm in."

Rudy and I smiled in disbelief, but nodded approvingly.

"OK, but here at home we can make up our own rules," I said.

We all agreed to one different rule -that touching WAS allowed. The girls scampered off to the bedroom. I found some sexy, bump and grind music, and Rudy rigged up some lights to look like a stage. The women had been gone for quite a while.

"What the fuck do you think they're up to now?" I asked.

"I have no clue. I just hope Barb doesn't pull that slut routine on me again. I'm afraid I might forget she's my sister."

"Don't worry man. Remember, she's just playing with you -nothing serious here."

"OK Donny, I'll just follow your lead."

I turned up the music and we started whistling and catcalling for our personal strippers. Rudy shuffled the money and the bedroom door opened. Out stepped Debbie dressed in all-white ensemble. We whistled loud and hooted as she sauntered up to our stage. Rudy and I sat next to each other in separate chairs, with no stupid table in our way.

Debbie glided across the stage like a little white angel. Her sheer, floor-length, see-through robe revealed a tight white camisole, thigh-high white nylons, 5" white pumps and a white thong. Her long strawberry blonde hair fell in waves around her pretty face and shoulders. She moved with an air of innocence, but not purity. She had observed the strippers' every move and mimicked them like a pro. The robe came off soon and then the white satin camisole. She breezed back and forth from the stage to us, and back again. Every time she approached us it was closer and closer, until she stopped right in front of me.

"You boys having a good night?"

"Yes Ma'am." I answered.

"That's nice," she said, and turned around. She stuck her ass in my face, pulled her thong to one side, and backed her pussy into my lips. My tongue darted into pussy and she pulled away.

"Now, now...there's plenty of time for that later. Us girls have a special treat for you tonight." She winked at Rudy and slowly strutted back to the bedroom.

"Here, you were worried about Barb? I just got a sweet taste of my sister-in-law! Are you sure this OK with you, Rudy?"

"Go for it dude! I've never seen her with another guy. If I had my choice on the subject, it would be you."

"Thanks man. She sure has one sweet pussy!"

There was no time for further discussion, as the bedroom door opened and Barb walked out, wearing all black: black bustier, panties, pumps, hose and garter belt. Barb is no great ballerina, but she had suddenly developed into one hell of a slutty stripper. She walked directly up to Rudy, whipped her ash blonde hair at him a few times; lowered her bustier and shook her huge tits in his face.

"You know what really turns me on, don't you guys?" She whispered, breathlessly. "What REALLY gets my juices flowing..." She spread her legs and humped Rudy's knee.

Rudy started to put a dollar bill in her panties. She shoved his hand away, straddled his chair and sat in his lap. She ground her pelvis into his crotch and whisked her boobs in his face.

"I love cocks -NICE BIG COCKS!"

Rudy just sat there starring at her sister's big tits, not knowing what to do. Barb reached for his hands and moved them up to her chest. She leaned close to his ear.

"Rudy, dear. You've GOT to stop thinking of me as your older sister! Just put it out of your mind. If we are gonna have ANY fun at all... here, lick my big tits, like you did before."

She leaned back, made him close his eyes, and nuzzled one of her big jugs to his lips. After some more prodding, he started licking and then sucking away at her nipple. Keeping his eyes shut tight, he massaged her boobs, licking and sucking on them, until they were covered with his saliva. Her pelvic thrusts became more exaggerated, so she must have got a rise from him. Barb's teasing had gone a little beyond the "safe" zone and I think it scared her. After all, this was just for "fun". She dismounted him and laughed nervously. She stood in front of us, put her hands on her hips and proudly thrust out her 36DD's.

"OK boys, its time to whip 'em out. Let's see those beautiful cocks."

Needless to say, she didn't have to ask ME twice. I stood up, unzipped and whipped out my rigid 8" manhood. We looked at Rudy and could easily see the outline of his erection against his pants, but he still couldn't force himself to unzip and take it out. Barb saw Rudy's frustration, but was determined.

"We'll, maybe this will help," she said, and knelt in front of me.

She took hold of my cock, licked it from top to bottom, and thrust it into her mouth. She sucked and moaned. She slurped and slobbered. She whipped it out and slapped it against her face a few times then continued her blowjob. All the time, she was feeling up her tits and starring right at Rudy. I could tell she was toying with him, but hey, I was getting some of the best head EVER. Rudy's hand rubbed his bulge, but he wouldn't go any further. Just when I started to feel the pangs of an orgasm, she stopped and stood up.

"I guess Debbie was right. Maybe there IS only one way to get you going." She said, shaking her head at Rudy, and stuffing her tits back into the bustier.

"C'mon Debbie. Let's give them their treat," she yelled, rather reluctantly.

Out of the bedroom strutted Debbie with an all-knowing smile. The music played a slow, seductive jazz tune that was best suited for a porno movie. Debbie took Barb's hands and placed them on her hips, and put her own hands on Barb's naked shoulders. Looking at each other, their eyes locked.

"Just remember Debbie, we're just acting. This is JUST for the men, right?" Barb whispered.

Debbie smiled sweetly and nodded.

"OK guys -here's your surprise. Now you have to bear with us. We've never done this kind of thing," said Debbie.

The girls started swaying together to the music. Rudy looked at me in total amazement. I winked and started clapping. Rudy whistled loudly and also applauded. We grabbed the money off the table and stepped to the "stage" for a better view. Still focused on each other's eyes, Debbie's hands softly caressed Barb's shoulders. Slowly they bent their heads to opposite sides, closed their eyes and their lips met. It was really a make-believe kiss, but what the hell we applauded. I wiped some of my precum on a dollar bill and slapped it on Barb's upper arm, where it stuck. Barb's eyes spotted the bill. She jerked Debbie's hips to hers and slipped her tongue into her mouth. Debbie's eyes opened in wide surprise. Rudy stuck a bill into Debbie's thong. She gripped Barb's head and sucked in her tongue. She kept sucking until Barb pulled back sharply and stared at her disapprovingly.

"Its one thing to be a slutty stripper, Barb. Its something else to be a LESBIAN slut," Rudy chided.

Now there are three or four things you need to know about Barb: 1) She hates to be told she can't do or have something. 2) She embraces the challenge of trying new things. 3) She dearly loves an audience, and 4) All of the above are enhanced 3-fold when she drinks. So, even though she might detest making out with women, the challenge was on. Beside that, her ultimate goal was to get a good look at Rudy's cock, and nothing was going to stop her.

"Lesbian slut, huh? I'll show you a lesbian slut!"

She pulled Debbie's hands away from her neck, turned her around and unclasped Debbie's white, push up bra. She turned her back around, pulled away her bra and unzipped her own bustier. The bustier fell to the floor and Barb kicked it aside. Putting her hands on Debbie's shoulders, she slowly pulled their torsos together. She swayed her huge knockers from side to side, grazing her nipples lightly on Debbie's hard nipples. Debbie let out a moan, as Barb tightened her embrace. The two pairs of delicious double d's squashed together and Barb lewdly licked at Debbie's painted lips. Debbie tried her best to capture Barb's tongue in her lips, but Barb was too fast.

We hooted and hollered, as Barb bent down and scooped up Debbie's tits. She licked and sucked at them, until her saliva dripped from the nipples. Barb looked up often to see if Rudy was enjoying himself. Rudy was most definitely turned on watching the sluts. He had gone as far as unzipping and stuffing his hand inside his pants. Barb took this as a good sign and stepped up her routine.

Ignoring Debbie's moans and advances, she lowered herself to the carpet and started in on Debbie's legs. She ran her hands up and down the length of Debbie's sexy legs. She also ignored the aroma of Debbie's wet pussy, that was inches from her face. Debbie fondled her own tits, stepped over Barb's thigh and planted her foot next to Barb's crotch. That's when Rudy started his move. He leaned his tall frame over just a little, reached deep in his pants and began to extract his meat. This action got Barb's attention (of course), and she smiled up at him. He froze immediately, with his hand firmly wrapped around his thick cock. Barb smiled at him again, and turned to face Debbie's wet thong. She stuck her tongue out and licked Debbie's thighs all the way to her pussy. Seeing this, Rudy finally whipped out his dick. Barb gasped, batted her eyes and licked Debbie's wet spot. Rudy made one long stroke and stopped. Barb took two licks -Rudy made two strokes.

We were all aware of the pattern, when Debbie decided to up the ante. She knelt down in front of Rudy and took hold of his monster cock with her tiny hand. Slowly jacking the length, she licked the massive head and winked at Barb.

"So what do think of my lover's giant cock, you lesbian slut?"

"Very, VERY NICE! I never imagined..." Barb started.

"Well can you imagine this huge cock in my little pussy? Would you like to see THAT?" Said Debbie, opening her mouth wide to put in the head of his dick.

"Oooh, that would be sweet!" Said Barb, licking her lips.

Debbie held the tip of his cock in her mouth, ran her fingers inside her white thong and pushed it to her knees. Rudy undid his pants and shirt, anticipating the fucking he was about to get. I followed suit and stripped everything off. Barb was breathing heavily and her nipples were hard as rocks.

"He's so big I have to have plenty of lubrication, my lesbian slut," she said softly. I think you'll have to help me, my lesbian SLUT!"

Debbie took hold of Barb's hand held it against her shaven pussy lips. Barb's eyes were glued to the immensity of Rudy's manhood, as she started fingering Debbie's clitoris. Debbie leaned over and lapped a big gob of precum from Rudy's cock. She cupped one of her choice tits, leaned over and let the precum drip from her tongue onto her nipple. Then she offered it to Barb.

"Here want a taste?"

Barb eagerly licked the gooey cum from her sister-in-law's tit.

"Now before you swallow that, put it down here, slut," ordered Debbie, pointing to her pussy.

Barb took her hand from Debbie's pussy and brought it up to her lips to spit out the precum.

"No, no, you lesbian slut -not with your finger!" Debbie demanded.