 Now that Jen and Stacy had decided to become all-out sluts, they figured they would use the summer before they went to college for practice. They had learned so much from watching all of Stacy's parents' porno movies, and now they wanted to put that knowledge into action. They believed that any nasty act they saw a porn star doing, they could do nastier. And this summer they were out to prove it.

One of their favorite little games was to dare each other to do something filthy. It helped them to come up with depraved ideas that they wouldn't have thought of on their own. There was no real penalty for not completing a dare, because that never happened. The real trick was for the girl who was dared to think of a way to cross the line and do something even nastier. 

For example, one day they had spent a good couple of hours watching porn and shoving various toys up their holes. Jen had a string of four golf ball-sized anal beads in her ass, which always made her cum so hard. 

Stacy said, "Hey Jen… I dare you to go to work today with those things stuck up your shithole." They both worked at the mall: Jen at the movie theater and Stacy in the food court. 

Jen thought about the dare for about a millisecond and then said, "You're on!" The thought of walking around all day at work with her ass filled, talking to customers and employees, was something she relished. She knew her pussy would be creaming nonstop. 

They both got dressed and as Jen was putting on her skirt, Stacy could see just the plastic ring from the anal beads hanging out of Jen's ass. It looked so fucking hot. They both always wore skirts too, because they never knew when they were going to need easy access to a pussy or asshole. They drove to work with Jen squirming around on those anal beads the entire time. As they parted ways at the mall entrance, Stacy said, "Have fun!" 

"Oh, you know I will!" replied Jen.

The entire day at work was exquisite torture for Jen. Her pussy would not stop dripping the whole time, and there was nothing she could do about it. Finally it was time for her first fifteen-minute break of the shift. She ran to the ladies room and locked herself in a stall. She hiked up her skirt and sat down on the toilet. Then she leaned back as far as she could and put one leg up on the toilet paper dispenser. She proceeded to shove four fingers up her bald, sopping wet cunt. Jen sure hoped no one came in because she was pounding away with abandon and her twat was making squishing sounds that were echoing throughout the bathroom. Since she only had fifteen minutes, she had to make this quick. With her other hand she began to slowly pull the anal beads out of her ass. This pushed her over the edge and she had a powerful orgasm. 

Jen looked at the anal beads, which we completely clean except for her shiny ass juice, and she knew she had to taste them. One by one she shoved them into her mouth, sucking on them like hard candy. Oh my god, she thought, I fucking LOVE how my ass tastes!! While she was doing this, she pulled her fingers out of her soaked cunt and started rubbing them all over her face. As she sucked every one of those beads clean, she smeared her entire face with pussy juice. Finally, dripping with saliva, Jen shoved the beads back up her tight asshole. She composed herself and left the stall. She looked in the mirror to see her face glistening with pussy juice. She quickly washed it off and went back to work.

The girls usually got their dinner breaks at the same time, and they would often meet up in the food court to eat and hang out. As they sat at a table Jen told Stacy all about her adventure in the bathroom. Needless to say this made Stacy extremely horny. She could feel her pussy starting to leak underneath her skirt. Jen knew that her friend would be craving some cock so she decided to give her a challenge.

"Ok Stace… now it's your turn to get nasty. I dare you to eat some protein with your meal. I don't care how you do it, but you need to get some sperm and prove to me that you ate it. Think you can handle that?" Stacy was already a cum whore, and she knew she would have no problem completing this task. 

"I'll be back in ten minutes," she told Jen. "Wait right here." She went over to the place that sold hot dogs, where she knew one of the guys from high school. She had been dying to see what was in Gary's pants for a long time, so this was the perfect opportunity. "Hi Gar," she said. "Would it be ok if I came into the back office real quick to use the phone? I gotta call my mom to tell her when to pick me up."

"Sure thing," said Gary. After all, who could refuse someone as hot as Stacy? He let her behind the counter and showed her into the office while some other guys stayed out front to man the registers and grill. Once back there, though, Stacy got right to the point.

"Listen Gary I have a confession to make… I don't really need to use the phone. I'm desperate to have a cock in my mouth and I want to taste some hot cum so bad right now. I've seen you checking me out, so here's your chance to find out what a good cocksucker I am. You interested?"

As if he needed to be asked twice. Gary shut the door and Stacy got down on her knees. She unzipped his fly without undoing the button on his pants and pulled out his cock. She knew she was going to have to make this quick. She began to lick his balls while she stroked his cock, and it grew to a very respectable seven inches. Once it was completely hard she put it in her mouth and began to suck. Stacy loved to have cock in her mouth; she was sorry that this was going to have to be a quickie. She pushed her mouth all the way down on Gary's cock until her lips were in his pubes. Deepthroating seven inches was really very little problem for her. She kept her face there as long as she could, swallowing over and over and milking his cock with her throat. When she finally almost ran out of breath, she pulled off with a satisfied gasp. Long strands of drool and throat slime dripped off her chin and Gary's cock.

"Holy fuck!" said Gary. "That's fucking incredible!"

"Thanks hun," she replied. "Now fuck my throat like you fucking mean it. Grab my head and use my face like the cock pig that I am. Don't show me any mercy, you got that? I need to be used and I need to be used hard. I'm a jizz-eating slut so treat me like one!"

Gary couldn't believe his luck. He grab her by the hair with one hand and yanked it hard, while with the other he grabbed his cock and started slapping her face with it.

"Oh my God yes!!" she screamed. "Beat me with that fat prick you motherfucker! Slap my face like I'm your rented whore!!"

With that he grabbed her hair with both hands and rammed his cock down her throat. Her eyes grew wide as he slammed his dick into her mouth like it was a pussy. This was what she needed and she wanted more of it. Even though she could take his whole cock down her throat, she loved being nasty and acting like a porn star. So she started making those loud, lewd, exaggerated gagging sounds that the porn stars make. "GUH GUH GUH GUH GUH GUH MMMPHH GRRRRGH UUGGHH!!!" The whole time her saliva was streaming out of her mouth and dripping off her chin and off Gary's balls. She made no effort to control it or to wipe it up. She wanted to be a filthy cock pig. 

Just then there was a knock at the office door, and before they could say anything, one of Gary's coworkers walked in. "Holy shit!" he said. At this point Stacy didn't give a shit. In fact, she was so horny, she saw this as a way to top the dare that Jen had given her. So she said to the guy, 

"Don't say anything. If you want your cock sucked too, go back out there and grab one of those hot dogs off the grill." The stunned guy did as he was told, quickly returning with a hot dog and closing the door behind him.

"All right now get over here and show me your fucking cock too," demanded Stacy. The teen unzipped his pants and revealed a dick that was slightly smaller than Gary's, but very fat. She was going to enjoy having this one stretch her lips. She spit on the new guy's cock a few times just to show him how nasty she was, and then she went to town. She proceeded to go back and forth from cock to cock, slamming her mouth down on them every time, really relishing the feel of hard flesh filling up her throat. She never bothered to control her saliva or wipe her face off. There were long strands of spit attaching her face to each cock, and even from one cock to the other. It was a dirty fucking mess. 

Finally the second guy was about to cum. She grabbed the hot dog that he had brought in and opened up the bun. "Cum right on here, big boy," she said. "I want some special topping for my hot dog." The thought of this filthy act was too much for the guy to take, and he started jacking his cock furiously over the hot dog. Loads and loads of hot thick cum began to coat the hot dog, and Stacy moved it around to make sure the entire thing got covered. "Wow that's a huge load!" she said to the guy. "You must not have cum for days!" 

"Yeah," was all he could reply sheepishly as he zipped up his pants.

Now it was Gary's turn. "I want your load in my mouth baby," Stacy told him. "I'm gonna enjoy eating that cum-covered hot dog, but I want yours straight from the source. Fill my fucking mouth with your creamy nasty jizz. Make me your dirty little cum dumpster." All the while she was jacking his cock with one hand and rubbing her spit all over his face with the other one. 

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!" shouted Gary, and Stacy put the head of his cock into her mouth. She didn't want to miss a single drop of his sperm. His prick began to pulse and then spurt after spurt of cum blasted in her mouth. God it's so hot! she thought. But she wasn't going to swallow this load just yet. She had other plans for it. After she had milked the last drop out of Gary's softening rod, she stood up, wiped her face off, and grabbed the cum-coated hot dog. Since her mouth was full of cum, she simply winked at him and left the office, leaving him to wonder how he managed to get so lucky. 

Stacy returned to the table and put the hot dog down next to her soda. 

"Well?" said Jen. "Did you do it?" Stacy just smiled at her. "What are you smiling at, you bitch? Did you do my dare or did you chicken out?" With that Stacy picked up her soda, put the cup very close to her mouth, and began to slowly let the cum she had been holding ooze out into the drink. The supply never seemed to end, it just kept pouring out of her mouth like a slimy waterfall. Jen couldn't believe her friend was doing this right in the middle of the food court, and looked around to make sure no one was watching. 

When all the cum was finally out of her mouth, she took the straw and stirred the mixture up a bit. Then she took a few big gulps, savoring the taste of something she had never tried before: cum-filled soda. Jen was in complete awe. 

"Well, I guess you were up to my challenge!" she said. But Stacy had one more surprise in store for her. 

"I was having such a good time I decided to take it a little further," she said. "Take a look at this." She opened up the hot dog bun and Jen could see it glistening with cum. There was no doubt in her mind what was all over that hot dog. There was so much cock juice on it she could barely see the meat. 

And so Stacy sat there and ate the rest of her meal in front of Jen, frequently licking her lips to catch the stray globs of cum. Jen realized that her friend was definitely nastier than she had imagined, and swore that next time her dare would be much more depraved. She also decided that she was going to have to try some "cum cuisine" herself one day.