 1.

Wow, so it was really going to be real. My husband Ted had finally gotten that job in California. We were moving out west; in three weeks we would be out of the apartment and out of New York City, driving a Ryder truck across the country, on our way to a whole new life.

It still didn't seem quite real. And yet there was so much to take care of, so many loose ends to wrap up. I quit working --as a freelancer that was easy enough for me to do; Ted would have to stay in his office almost all the way to the bitter end.

I ran into Amy, the daughter of the couple who lived downstairs from us, sitting on the stoop. My hands were full of grocery bags. She offered to hold one for me while I opened the front door.

Amy was a pretty girl; soft and curvy and bookish, a polite and soft spoken eighteen-year old. I had had a huge --and rather perverted- crush on her ever since we had moved into the place two years ago. Sometimes when Ted and I had sex, I fantasized about her listening to us from down below, masturbating to our sex noises. Sometimes I would moan out loud just for her imagined benefit.

She was so cute, so pretty and serious and I found her teenage awkwardness absolutely enchanting. I think she kind of reminded me of myself at that age. Only sexier. I had hardly ever talked to her; in her presence I seemed to become as tongue tied as a teen myself.

"Is it true you're moving out Mrs. Katz?" she asked me, still holding a bag full of groceries.

"Yes," I told her, "Me and my husband are moving to California at the end of the month."

"Oh," Amy said, looking sad, "I'm going to miss you guys so much."

She very sweetly offered to help me carry the groceries upstairs (Ted and I lived on the fifth floor, Amy and her family lived on the fourth.) When we got to the front door, I set down my bags and fumbled for the key. When I unlocked the apartment door, there was an electrically charged pause. After what seemed like a long time, but what was probably only a couple of heartbeats, I said "Amy, would you like to come in and hang out for a while?"

Oh My God. Was I hitting on a girl half my own age?

"Sure Mrs. Katz, that'd be great. I've never even been inside your place before."

"Okay," I said as the door shut fatefully behind us, "but if we're going to be friends, you've got to stop calling me 'Mrs. Katz'. My name is Andrea." 

"No problem... Andrea," she said, "Where should I put this bag?"

"Right next to the bed, along with all your clothes." was what I wanted to say. Instead I said, "On the kitchen counter would be fine, thanks."

"Would you like a coke Amy?" I asked as I put vegetables away.

"Sure." she said. I dug a can of coke out of the refrigerator and opened a beer for myself. We sat down on the couch in the living room and talked about school, work, the weather, whatever. That is to say, we talked about nothing in particular. I had the eerie feeling that I was out on a first date.

Then, out of the blue, she hit me with a thunderbolt. 

"Mrs. Katz- I mean Andrea, have you ever kissed a girl?"

Oh God. My clit, which had been obnoxiously perky ever since Amy had said 'Hello' suddenly swelled up like a hard pink pencil eraser. 

"Yes," I managed to say without choking, "Yes, I have."

"Is it different from kissing boys?" she wanted to know, "Is it nicer?"

I thought back to the different girls I had kissed. Holy shit, I hadn't been with a girl since I was Amy's age. "It's certainly different," I told her, "Nicer? I guess it depends on who you're kissing."

"Oh, okay." she said, "I was thinking about being a lesbian. But I wasn't sure because I've never kissed a girl before." She finished her coke. "Well, I've got to go. Thanks for letting me hang out Mrs. Katz."

As son as she left I pretty much pulled my jeans straight down and masturbated to a humongous (and loud) orgasm right there on the couch. When Mr. Katz got home later that evening, he didn't know what had hit him. Not that he was complaining; I almost never initiated sex. To tell the truth I usually preferred my vibrator, any more. 

2.

The next day, about three in the afternoon, there was a tap at the door. I honestly had no idea who it might be. UPS? Jehovah's Witnesses? I had been packing books (books are the bane of moving) away into boxes. There at my door was Amy, bright and sunny, wearing a little white sundress that was almost but not quite see through. My heart leapt up into my throat.

"Hey Mrs. Katz! I was wondering if you felt like hanging out. My parents won't be home till this evening. If you feel like company that is. If you don't mind."

Of course I didn't mind. Amy's father was Polish, her mother Palestinian. I have no idea how they met. They seem like really nice people. He was an engineer, she was an architect, and they both kept long hours. I knew Amy had two older brothers, but they were both grown up and out of the house. Poor kid must be lonely.

"Come on in!" I said, "And stop calling me Mrs. Katz. I'm only 36. You make me sound so old!"

"I don't think you look old Andrea," she said skipping into the apartment, "I think you're beautiful."

Oh God.

"I hope I'm not interrupting you." she said, noticing the boxes strewn across the living room floor, "Is this a bad time?"

"Not at all," I said truthfully, "I needed a break anyway. Can I get you a coke or anything?"

"A glass of water would be great, thanks!"

I poured her a glass of water and opened a beer for myself (I needed a beer!), and we both sat down on the big comfy red couch. How were we going to get that big old couch down the stairs? Ugh.

"I decided I'm not a lesbian." Amy piped up. I almost choked on my drink. "At least I've decided that I don't have to decide yet."

"That's right," I said, "You've got plenty of time to decide."

"And some people like both, don't they?"

"That's right." I said, "Some people do."

"You wanna know what?" she asked.

"What?"

"I lost my virginity two weeks ago... Don't ever tell my mom that, ok? She wants me to wait until I'm married. As if."

Not to worry, I wasn't about to tell her mother anything. "Oh? Well congratulations. And how was it?"

"It pretty much sucked. It was with this guy from school, we did it over at his apartment when his parents weren't home. Some of my friends had told me he had a really big dick..." she made a face, "he did."

I went to take a sip of my beer and realized that I had already drained the bottle

"Bigger isn't always better." I said.

"Yeah no kidding." Amy said, "It hurt. More than I'd thought it would I guess. I was kinda glad it was over pretty quickly. But I didn't even get to... you know, have a come."

"I'm sorry Sweety." I said

"It's ok." she said brightly 

There was a long pause. I was hugely conscious of being incredibly turned on. I swear I was making the couch wet through the denim of my jeans at that point. I couldn't believe this was happening, that I was even having this conversation. 'Holy Shit' I thought to myself 'I am going to fuck this little girl.'

"Andrea," she started hesitantly, "Do you ever masturbate?"

"Of course!" I laughed, "Everybody masturbates. I do it all the time."

There was a very long pause. I held my breath. We made eye contact.

"Sometimes I do it with my hairbrush." Amy whispered.

Just then the phone rang. It was Ted calling in from the office.

"I should go." Amy mouthed at me. I fluttered my hand at her, and watched her shapely behind wiggle under that sundress as she left the apartment.

Oh My God I was turned on! This time I made it all the way to the bedroom, grabbing my vibrator from the top drawer and jamming. I came hard and I came fast and I came loud. I realized that I was being extra noisy for Amy's benefit, hoping that she was downstairs and could hear me through the floor. That thought turned me on immensely.

That night, Ted wanted to have sex again. Somewhat to my own surprise, I didn't mind one bit. Two nights in a row for us, something like a new record! He was actually still a really very sexy man, and I loved watching his face when he came. Later, when he was asleep next to me, I rubbed myself to a lovely little orgasm.

When we had started dating, we had had sex pretty often. Now that we had been married for nearly five years, the sex was- well I hate admitting it, but the sex was pretty boring. Not unpleasant; far from it. I loved Ted, and I was almost always happy to put out for him when ever he wanted it, and sometimes I would even get to come. But the fact was masturbation seemed like more fun and less fuss. And had been for years now.

Our sex life had never ever been very kinky, which was a drag, but I'd never know how to approach Ted about it. I'd say that I'm a pretty open person, and that I'm up for trying most things, but I've never been very good at talking about sex with Ted; I always get embarrassed. As for Ted, he's always seemed happy enough with our sexual activities, and never seemed particularly interested in trying different things.

He knew that I'd fooled around with girls, and even had a girlfriend in college, but I'd never known what he thought about that.

And I had no idea what he might say if I told him that I had a bad case of the hots for the teenage year old girl downstairs.

3.

The weekend passed by at a snails pace. We went upstate to a party at a friends place. It was fun, but bittersweet seeing people who it would be a long time before we saw again, if ever. And yet I was constantly distracted, unable to focus. My mind kept wandering back to New York City and that pretty girl downstairs. Could she really seriously want to --I don't know what- with me? Would I actually go through with it? I've never ever fooled around on Ted. And then there was the small matter of her age. She was fully half my own age. She could (conceivably) have been my own daughter.

On Monday morning, I got all snuggly with Ted, kissing him and telling him over and over how much I loved him. For a moment it seemed as if we were about to get it on, but then he realized what time it was. "Just wait till I get home Andrea!" he kissed me one last time and hurried up to get dressed.

I spent most of the day in the kitchen, packing up all the stuff that we wouldn't need to use in the next couple weeks. I was super jumpy. I kept hoping to hear a tap on my door, even though I knew that Amy was surely at school. 

In the early afternoon, sick of packing and itching with sexual frustration, I decided to bag it and go for a run around the block. It was a good choice. I took two turns around the park. It felt good to work out, and soaked in honest sweat, I climbed the five flights back up to the apartment. I stretched out, did some crunches, and jumped into a blessed hot shower.

I barely heard the knock over the rushing water. Fuck Me! 

I jumped out of the shower, dripping wet; wrapped a towel around my body and ran (yes ran) to the front door. If this was a Jehovah's Witness, I swear I would kill!

It was Amy. She was wearing a faded pair of blue jeans and a sweetly ironic Sailor Moon t-shirt; her thick dark hair cascaded over her shoulders. Her young breasts made delicious little bumps like Sno-Cones in the front of the white cotton shirt. She had never looked so sexy to me as at that moment. She looked all round and curvy and ripe as a peach ready to be squeezed and kissed and licked and... Oh my! I really am a pervert!

"Oh Mrs. Katz! Is this a bad time?"

"Not at all Amy. Come on in."

She stood in the doorway, the door half open behind her. I faced her, standing in the hall, towel wrapped around my body, a little puddle spreading out on the hardwood floor beneath me.

And then, like a diver on the high board, I pushed off, spinning downward into an rapidly accelerating unstoppable arc.

I took Amy's small soft hands in my own. I noticed that I was trembling. I bent down (she was a good six or eight inches short than me) and kissed her on the lips. She responded eagerly. It felt really good to kiss those soft little lips. How long had it been since I'd kissed a girl? Ages and ages. Years and years. Her hands squeezed mine tight.

Finally our kiss ended. Our lips separated, but our hands were still clasped together. 

"Is this ok?" Amy asked 

"Yes. Oh god yes." I said pulling her closer to me. Her lips found mine and we kissed hard and passionately as we embraced. Amy's tongue aggressively pressed into my mouth. I nibbled on her lower lip. She moaned into me. She was an amazing kisser. It had been years since I had kissed anyone but Ted. Just kissing this little nymph was making my knees weak.

Finally the kiss ended. As we broke off our embrace, the purple towel that I had wrapped around my midriff fell to the floor.

"Oh my god Mrs. Katz," Amy exclaimed from the open doorway, "You're beautiful!"

I blushed, despite myself. "Come inside. And close that door!"

"So how was it?" I asked once we were both inside and the door was shut, "To kiss a girl?" I could feel her eyes on my naked body, and I blushed once again.

"Great!" she said, not taking her eyes off of me, "I want more."

We kissed again, hotter, harder. I caught myself rubbing my naked tits against her smaller, bra-enclosed ones. I didn't ever want to stop kissing her. Finally, we came up for air.

"Mrs. Katz... Andrea," she said breathlessly, "You're so beautiful... I love your breasts."

I've always been secretly proud of my boobs. They're not the biggest in the world, but they're big enough, and I think they have a nice shape to them. I felt my nipples perk up even more at the compliment.

"I can't believe this is happening." Amy said.

"Me either." I said.

"I want to fuck you." she said quietly, "What do you want?"

"I want... I want you to be naked."

I pulled Amy into the living room. My trembling hands pulled the Sailor Moon t-shirt up over her head. She unsnapped her bra from behind, letting it fall to the floor.

Her tits were small and conical, and very perky, with gumdrop sized nipples that were swollen with excitement. "Do you think they're ok?" she asked, "I know they're not as big as yours."

"Oh Amy!" was all I could manage. I dropped to my knees, taking her tit into my mouth and sucking it like a fiend. Meanwhile, my fingers worked the button of her jeans.

It was a trick, keeping her boob in my mouth and unbuttoning her pants, but somehow I managed it. Finally I got the last button undone, and her soft faded jeans fell in a heap around her ankles. I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy through her white cotton underpants. I loved the smell of her.

I released her boob, all wet and pink and swollen, and tugged her panties down. She had a perfect little triangle of black curly pubic hair, incredibly soft. Unable to resist, I kissed her right between the legs. She was already quite wet.

Amy giggled at the touch of my lips, and squirmed, tripping on the bunched-up jeans around her legs. She fell laughing onto the rug. I crawled voraciously over to her, my tits hanging down, licking my lips hungrily. Her knees splayed apart, opening herself up for me.

Her pussy was beautiful, heartbreakingly delicate. Petite labia were puffy and engorged, and glistened with wetness. I could see her clit, a tiny little pink button, peeking out from beneath its hood.

"Please Andrea..." she whispered to me.

I licked up and down her pussy, spreading her wide open with my tongue. She tasted so good, so hot and sexy and clean. I couldn't keep my tongue off her clit long though. As soon as I gravitated up to her sexy little button, she got super excited, wiggling around and moaning "Yes Oh Yes God Yes!"

As I flicked her clit with my tongue, I let a finger slip up her sweet little pussy. I couldn't believe how hot she was inside! It felt amazing to be finger fucking this beautiful girl. Her pussy was super tight and muscular. She humped back against my thrusting finger. My jaw was starting to ache, but I wasn't about to stop. I had a rhythm going on her clit and I could tell she was really close. Experimentally, I let one wet finger brush against her anus. Her moans immediately increased in pitch and intensity, and her hips rose up off the floor. I kept my face buried in her pussy, finger fucking her pussy and very gently tickling her asshole as my exhausted tongue flicked her clit. I couldn't breathe and I didn't care. I just wanted her to come.

At last she came, and hard! Her body squeezed my finger, and her asshole pulsated, letting the tip of my finger slip inside. I kept my tongue on her clit as long as I dared, while her body shook and shuddered and she kept saying my name over and over again.

Finally it was over and I detached myself from her. She lay there on the floor in front of me, flushed and sweaty, jeans bunched up around her ankles, with a big beautiful grin on her face. I was covered in her juices. I felt like I was glowing.

"How was that?" I asked

"Oh my god!" she said, "That was amazing! I've never... Do you think I'm a pervert?"

"Now why would I ever think that?"

"It really got me off when you touched me... back there. No one's ever done that to me before."

"That doesn't make you a pervert. Lots of people like anal play. I do."

"Mrs. Katz, you have such a beautiful ass. That's what first... what I first noticed about you."

We kissed for a while more. She kicked off the tangled mass of jeans and panties. I encouraged her to let her hands explore my body all over. I loved feeling her hands on my breasts. I was so wet and excited, my pussy made little squooshy noises every time I moved. Finally, after what seemed like an exquisite eternity, I began to feel a purpose to her shy explorations. I let her maneuver me onto my hands and knees, with my head resting on my folded arms on the couch, my ass thrust up in the air.

I shivered with anticipation as she explored me from behind, softly kissing all over. How long had it been since I had received any attention back there? I wanted to scream out loud "Lick Me Amy! Lick My Ass!" but I didn't.

I was drooling. Wetness was literally running down my thighs. I felt her hot breath on my pussy. I thought I would melt. Then her soft, sexy, still a little bit shy tongue was running up and down my swollen, hungry crack, making me jump every time it met my clit.

"Oh fuck!" I moaned into the pillow. In response Amy licked harder, more aggressively, slurping my pussy like a kid with an ice cream cone.

My clit was so hard it felt it felt like a little dick hanging down between my legs. Exploring fingers found my breasts, tweaked and pinched the nipples. I was making all kinds of animal noises as she pleasured me. The next time she fucking touched my clit I was going to come all over her pretty young face.

And then she pulled back. Her small hands still cupped my breasts. I held my breath. I could hear the traffic down on the street, the thumping of my own heart.

Then her tongue again. Searching, tentatively shyly exploring between my spread cheeks. Her tongue brushed against my asshole, light as a feather. I wiggled my ass invitingly. "Yes, Oh please yes!"

Emboldened, she returned to my ass. Circling it with her tongue, then flicking it, and finally burying her tongue inside me. I was in heaven. It felt like she had about a yard of tongue up my butt. "Please fuck me!" I managed to gasp out.

Without removing her tongue, she slipped fingers, two, three I don't know, up into my hungry, more than ready pussy. She began fucking me in earnest, hard and fast, still licking my asshole like a mad thing. Every time she thrust into me, her thumb would brush my engorged clitoris. I exploded, coming so hard, coming over and over again in body shaking waves. She stayed with me until it was over, and I was a sweaty, quivering mass of flesh lying on the living room floor.
