 Barb looked at her questioningly, then at Rudy's full erection. She looked down at Debbie's pouting pussy lips, and I threw down two 20-dollar bills. She ever so slowly lay down, took hold of Debbie's thighs from behind and inched her body back, until her mouth was right under Debbie's pussy. She stopped and looked up at something she had never seen up close.

"WELL...do we have a problem here, slut?" Asked Debbie. 

No answer.

"Maybe she needs a bit of convincing boys?" 

Debbie motioned for me to pull off her panties and for Rudy to suck her tits.

"Show her how it's done, Donny," said Debbie, licking her lips.

I spread Barb's legs and stuck my head between her thighs, before Barb could object. Rudy got down on all fours and fondled and licked her tits. I stuck my tongue between her pussy lips and was shocked to find how wet she was. She locked her legs around my head and took hold of Rudy's head. She STILL wouldn't have a taste of Debbie's hot snatch. I inserted a few fingers in her cunt and reamed her, as I sucked in her clitoris. She was losing control, and knew it. Debbie reached down and parted her shaven pussy lips and lowered herself onto Barb's mouth. At once Barb opened her mouth and stuck her tongue into Debbie's pussy. Debbie started to moan and tug on her ample tits while Barb tongue fucked her. Barb's legs went tighter around my head and she screamed in orgasm.

"I think you better fuck her, Donny," said Debbie.

I pried her legs apart, as she licked feverishly at Debbie's pussy. I shoved my cock into her waiting cunt and started pumping her slowly. Debbie was the next to cum.

"Jesus Christ, God, that's good! Fuck me with your tongue you SLUTTT!"

Barb moaned and sucked Debbie's clit so hard she screamed.

"OH YOU NASTY BITCH! Now you can watch your brother fuck me!"

Debbie stood up, turned around and straddled Barb's head in the other direction, with her ass pointed at me. She squatted down over Barb's face again.

"OK slut, watch THIS!"

She motioned for Rudy to straddle Barb's chest. He knelt down and rested his 12" on Debbie's ass. Her cunt was so wet from Barb's tongue lashing, Rudy's cock went in fairly easily. Barb's eyes and mouth opened in awe as she watched her brother's huge cock slowly disappear into Debbie's little cunt. We both marveled at how much she could take. His cock was some three inches short of full insertion, when he stopped. Rudy began to slowly pull back and then pump it back into her, but never going any further than he had initially. As he stepped up the pace, I pumped Barb faster and harder. Barb couldn't help herself and had to touch it. She reached up and tried to circle the base of it with her hand. With her other hand, she softly cupped his big swinging balls. She felt the girth of his erection grow even bigger, and after five more strokes he let out a huge grunt. Barb could feel the cum ripple through his large vein, as it shot into Debbie's soaking cunt. He pulled it back a few inches and she wrapped both hands around it. Watching her pump away at his cock made me cum as well. Her tight grip helped him to another orgasm. With that, Barb pulled her hands away, and Rudy withdrew his semi-flaccid dick. The cum-soaked super-cock flopped out of Debbie's pussy, along with a constant stream of sperm that gushed all over Barb's face. The flaccid cock was still long enough to hit her chin. 

Debbie got up and wiped her soaking crotch, like it was an everyday routine. Rudy continued to kneel, with his hands on hips, trying to catch his breath. Looking down at where his cock lay on his sister's face, he started to get up. He was too late. Barb grabbed hold of it and shoved as much as possible into her mouth. She stared him straight in the eye and sucked it in deeper. I withdrew at that point, opting to watch the show. Debbie came over next to me and whispered, "I knew this would happen. She's a sucker for a big cock, pardon the pun."

Barb's blowjob was having its desired effect. Rudy's meat was noticeably growing by the second.

"I don't think this is such a good idea, sis," he said hesitantly.

She whipped it out long enough to say, "Was it a good idea when Debbie gave Donny some head?"

Not waiting for an answer, she slapped his tool against her wet face and continued to try and swallow the salami. Rudy couldn't think of a decent comeback. Hell, he couldn't think of anything, but his slut sister's blowjob. She had him almost back to full erection when she pulled it out of her mouth. Looking up at Debbie and me, she knew she was in control now.

"OK, my little lesbian slut, let's see how YOU like the taste of pussy."

She spread her legs wide and with two fingers parted her pussy lips. Debbie was at her crotch in a New York minute. After being eaten out twice tonight by women, she wanted to give it a try. She softly felt her way up Barb's black nylons, undid her garter belt and lowered her head. I smiled and tossed a few more dollars on Barb's chest.

"What are you smiling about, Donny? Don't you want to fuck her in the ass?" Asked Barb, as she slid Rudy's cock back into her mouth.

I looked over at Rudy for direction. 

"Don't ask me man. That's up to her," he shrugged looking down at his wife.

I knelt down behind Debbie's little ass and caressed it gently. She was busy licking and lapping away and Barb's pussy, like it was her first taste of ice cream. She turned her head around at my touch.

"Geez Donny, I've never been fucked in the ass. You can imagine why, right? Why don't you start with my pussy and we'll see what happens?" She smiled and went back to her task. 

I thought to myself, she does have one sweet ass, but I've never done that either. I couldn't even imagine where Barb came up with the idea. Watching Barb trying to swallow her brother's cock, I decided that I never could have imagined that either. It was turning me on though. She was able to relax her jaw enough to get most of his cock in her mouth and down her throat. I was amazed at how still he was, letting her do all the work. As I watched her throat muscles contract, my cock sprang to attention, one more time. I reached down and slid my dick into Debbie's pussy. GOD, was she HUGE or what? I stuck it in all the way and still hardly felt her vagina walls. Rudy had truly reamed her out over the years. Even at my full 8", it felt like I had about 3"! Debbie sensed my dilemma and turned her head back to me.

"Go ahead Donny, do me in the ass."

I took out my well-lubricated cock and lathered up her asshole with it. Slowly, I inserted it past her puckered hole. I kept going deeper. Now this is TIGHT! Before long, she relaxed and I slid it in to the hilt. I started pumping back and forth, firmly grasping her little hips. Surprisingly, Barb was succumbing to Debbie's tongue. She began to moan, which vibrated Rudy's cock. Debbie returned the moan, as I fucked her deep in her ass. Rudy couldn't hold out any longer. As his cock grew even bigger, Barb had to pull out most of it. She would have drowned otherwise. Out gushed his cum -way too much for Barb's mouth. She has just the head in was trying to swallow as best she could. Rudy grabbed the base of his cock with one hand and her head with the other. He pumped it in and out, unloading a full pint of cum. It foamed out the sides of her mouth and down her neck. That's when I blew my load into Debbie's ass. The girls had a mutual orgasm. Barb shivered in delight, while Debbie turned around and kissed me. The taste of Barb's pussy was still on her lips.

The three of us smiled as we observed Barb cum again. Then it was over. As relatives and friends, we had taken a giant step over the line. We all knew it. It almost felt like a right-of-passage thing. I headed for the bathroom and Debbie followed soon after. After taking a piss I helped her clean up with a washcloth.

"I never thought taking it in the ass could feel SO good! Thanks, Donny."

"Hey it was my pleasure. Just let me know when you want it/me again."

"I will," she said, and we laughed. 

We chatted for some time about what a wild evening we had and how Rudy and Barb's relationship might have changed. Since we hadn't heard a peep from the front room, we decided to spy on them. Sneaking into the kitchen, we could eavesdrop on their conversation.

"...Yeah, well its been along time since anyone's been able to suck my cock as deep as you did."

"Something's you just don't forget how to do, Rudy. You probably don't remember Scott, the guy I dated back in college. He had a big cock too -not quite as long as yours, but just as thick. I learned how to relax my throat, so I wouldn't gag. I learned how to relax my pussy, so I could take him all inside, and God, was it worth it!"

"Geez, I don't remember EVER being able sink my entire dick into a pussy. There are drawbacks to having this big old thing." Rudy said, rather disappointed.

The more Debbie and I listened at the door, the hotter we got. I think we knew where their conversation was headed, and we wouldn't dare interrupt them. As she stood in front of me, I reached around and fondled her boobs. She reached back and jacked on my growing cock, as we listened.

"Well, guess we better get dressed and find out what those two are up to?" Asked Rudy, reluctantly.

"Oh I'm not worried about them. They might have left us alone for a reason," said Barb.

There was a long silence, then we heard what sounded like kissing.

"I have to watch this, Donny," whispered Debbie.

We inched ourselves closer to the front room. Just as we looked in, the "stage lights" went out and we hid ourselves in the shadows. From here, we could see everything, and still get away with a little hanky panky ourselves. The two siblings stood embracing each other in a deep kiss, when Rudy pulled away.

"You know Sis, you shouldn't kiss me like that. I might not be able to stop."

"That's what I hoped you would say. I don't ever want you to stop."

She lowered her arms to his waist and kissed him again. Teasing his mouth with her tongue, she let her hands drop to his cock.

"I need you to make love to me Rudy. Your sister wants your big cock in her pussy -all the way."

With that he lifted her up in his arms and laid her hot body on the couch. She spread her legs wide. He leaned down and she reached up for his strong arms, and pulled him to her.

"I DO love you Barb, and I would love to fuck you. I just don't want to hurt you."

"It will hurt more if you don't put that beautiful cock in me right now!"

Debbie and I watched and tugged at each other's genitals, as Barb grabbed his cock and slid it up and down her wet pussy lips. Slowly he inserted the bulbous head. Barb grabbed her legs behind her knees to spread her pussy wide.

"That's it, Rudy. Give me more."

Slowly inching in more of his mammoth tool, her pussy lips tightened around it.

"Oh Baby -that feels sooo good. Keep going -and fill up my cunt."

He penetrated her deeper, finally stopping with about 3 inches left.

"Oh God Barb, your pussy is so tight. Does it hurt?"

"Rudy, you can fuck me now. Fuck your sister's pussy."

She let go of her legs and wrapped them tightly around his waist. He pulled his cock back and thrust it back into her wet pussy to the same length. She pulled and pushed against him faster, until his huge cock pumped in and out faster and faster.

"OH GOD, OH GOD, DON'T STOP. I WANT MORE! GIVE IT ALL TO ME!"

She threw her head back, grabbed his head and forced him to her heaving breast. Licking and sucking at her nipples, we could hear the sloppy sound of his meat banging her wet pussy.

"I want it ALL Rudy. Go ahead, I can take it, Honey."

Faster and faster they fucked. With every other stroke, his cock went deeper into her cunt. He must have felt then she could take it all and slammed his pelvis hard into her.

"OH GOD! I LOVE YOUR BIG COCK IN ME! FUCK ME... FUCK ME"

For Rudy, it must have been like the floodgates had opened. He was finally able to give a woman his full-length -and she was his SISTER! He accelerated his fucking to meet her thrusts. Soon they moved together, as his 12" manhood slammed into her pussy, over and over again. He screamed in delight as the new sensation enveloped him. Barb was almost breathless, taking his full cock to the hilt with every long stroke. Their passion was relentless.

Taking all this in, Debbie and I were on fire. We positioned ourselves, so as not to miss the show, when she knelt and sucked my cock. Staying as quiet as possible, she took my cock into her throat, as she had done at the club. She felt my orgasm building and took my dick out and help shoot my cum all over her luscious tits.

Barb and Rudy were sweating like they in a marathon, which was what their fucking was turning into. Barb had already had at least 3 orgasms and now it was Rudy's turn. His face turned pale, the heated pace slowed and he started to lean back. He was ready to withdraw, when Barb pulled him back.

"You didn't take me all this way to pull out, did you?" She asked.

"I don't think I can cum in you Sis."

"THE FUCK YOU CAN'T!" She yelled and tightened her legs around him.

It was too late to debate the issue. He rammed his meat into her several more strokes, tightened his ass and thrust hard enough to move her whole body a few inches forward. His hot cum exploded into his sister's cunt. Her legs unlocked and shot out straight, as his thrusts lifted her body. She threw her arms around his neck, as her legs once again locked around him. His big frame rose from the couch with her attached. Still impaled with his hard meat, she was bound to ride him as long as she could. Streams of sperm seeped from her pussy and leaked onto his legs. His big hands slid under her asscheeks, as she smashed her big tits against his chest. He lifted her stretched pussy up and down on his cock, until once again he shot another load into her. He leaned back from her face to see if she was finished.

"Take me in the kitchen," she said, smiling.

"Did she say KITCHEN? We've gotta get out of here!" I whispered to Debbie.

We scrambled to make our escape, but we weren't fast enough.

"Hey you two, where ya going? We knew you guys were there all the time. You might as well stick around. We're almost done." Barb said, chuckling and motioning us to join them

She still had a death grip on Rudy, as he laid her on the long kitchen table. His cock still buried to the hilt in her pussy, Barb turned her head to us. She looked up and ran her fingers on Debbie's cum sprayed tits. She licked the cum from her fingers and winked at her.

"This brother of mine sure has one big cock. Hope you don't mind sharing it?" She asked, sweetly.

"Don't mind at all. Besides, your husband is no slouch," answered Debbie.

I looked over at Rudy wiping the sweat from his forehead. Then I looked down at Barb's pussy, still holding on to his big boner and wondered if I would ever be able to please Barb again. He must have sensed my trepidation and started to withdraw. His semi-hard, cum-soaked dick was making its exit when Barb yelled.

"Hey, where do you think you're going stud?" She begged, not letting him pull away.

"Sounds like you've got a job to finish, son," I said, smiling at Rudy.

With his long cock half way out; he looked at Debbie and me.

"I don't know guys...," he began.

"What, do you need incentive?" Asked Debbie.

Knowing the girl-girl thing gets him going. Debbie bent over and started licking and sucking Barb's big tits. I could see the signs of revival, as his cock grew and stretched her pussy. I started rubbing on my semi-hardness, when Rudy resumed his pumping. Barb started moaning, as his cock filled her cunt again. Seeing me out of the corner of her eye, she reached over, grabbed my cock and brought it to her mouth. The kitchen table shook back and forth as Rudy rammed his cock into her. She could barely suck my cock, with all the shaking. Debbie stopped her boob tasting and climbed on top of the table. She turned around with her ass facing Rudy and lowered her snatch on Barb's face. Barb started licking and tongue fucking Debbie's pussy. Debbie motioned for me to stand on a kitchen chair. I stood on the chair, as Debbie sucked my cock.

Rudy took hold of Barb's ankles and raised her legs high, pumping her even harder. The close-up sight of my wife getting banged by her brother's prize cock was remarkably erotic. As his low hanging balls slapped her ass, she moaned into Debbie's pussy and I blew my wad one last time. Debbie sucked what little was left of my load and ground her shaven pussy into Barb's mouth. Rudy's long strokes slowed, but became more deliberate. The table inched across the floor with each deep stroke. Debbie knew from experience what was to follow and climbed off of Barb and the table. Barb's eyes and mouth opened wide, while her face twitched with each spurt of his cum. With his cock extended to its maximum length inside her, the hot cum burned in her vagina. Her mouth formed words, but she was speechless. Rudy pulled his drenched monster cock out and a flood of cum gushed from her pussy and down her legs. Slowly her enlarged pussy lips closed and her entire body went limp. Her head turned to Debbie.

"I have renewed respect for you girl. Any woman that can walk after THAT has my deepest appreciation. No offense Donny, but I've never been so FULL in my entire life!"

"No offense taken, Dear. I just hope you're not too spoiled?" I replied.

She laughed, "A bit SOILED, but not spoiled."

Rudy helped her up, kissed her like a brother and thanked her.

"THANK YOU little brother, or should I say BIG brother!"

Barb wanted to make plans to get together next weekend. I reminded her that we already had made other plans. Dejected, she eagerly consulted her calendar for the next available weekend. I looked at Debbie and winked.

"Debbie, I think we may have created a monster?"

She laughed, "One thing I know for sure. They'll never let us back in that strip club. We'll have to pick a new one."

"Why Debbie, what's wrong with this one?" I smiled.