 My senior year in college was most notable for social life getting worse as my study habits got better. I really needed to graduate so I decided that a year without a party every weekend and date every Saturday night would be all right. Except for vacations, and even they were somewhat limited by studying, my only social life existed within my several study groups. Years later I would joke that on my college diploma after the word "Graduated" it said "just barely." Of course that's not true but it is how it felt.

As April was turning into May and finals started my stress level was reaching new heights. It was a Thursday night and my thesis preparation study group just broke up. We all lived off campus but fairly near to on another. There was Jack, the thesis guru, Lisa, the rich party girl who claimed her father was going to let her retire upon graduation, Henry, group nerd and social outcast but expert grammarian, Caren and Stacy, like me an average students trying to get by their finals, and of course me. Henry was the only one who lived at home so as we our conference room in the library he headed home while the rest of us took the short walk off campus to our various apartments. We had agreed that it was far too nice an early summer-like evening to go right back inside so quickly.

"So Lisa," Jack said, "Are you gonna retire to Newport or Boca?"

"Ha ha Jack, neither, I guess you didn't hear. I got into Stanford. I'll be there this fall." That little announcement caught us all off guard. We knew Lisa was a good student but none of us had suspected she was that good. "So what about you Harry, what are you doing when you graduate?" Lisa asked me.

"Umm," I wanted to stall the answer but there was just no way. We were all pretty good friends so I felt they deserved an honest answer. "I'm going in the army. I got in to office training school and then flight school afterward."

"You're going to Vietnam?" Caren asked the shock obvious on her face. Among other things Caren was also the group pacifist and had protested at many rallies.

"I don't know yet but yeah, probably."

"That totally sucks man!" Jack said. Jack was also the official group hippie and source of all things marijuana. But that also cast a pall over the group and we walked pretty much in silence until we got to Lisa's apartment. Lisa's having money allowed her to get a rather large two bedroom apartment which she shared with no one. She claimed she needed the extra room for storage and no one saw any reason to not believe her.

"Why don't you all come in." Lisa offered upon our arrival in front of her apartment. I've got beer in the fridge and lots of food."

"I dunno," I said, "I've got a full day tomorrow."

"Oh come on," Caren chided, "What have you got to do that's so important that you can't spend a little time with your best friends?" It hadn't been so long ago that I would have challenged the best friends statement but as things had gone that year they truly were my best friends at college.

Stacy had been very quiet until then and said, "Yeah Harry, maybe you'll get lucky!" Now this was a totally shocking remark coming from the mouth of Stacy, a girl most of us thought as a virgin and resident good girl. I looked at her with utter shock, as did the others, but I have to admit I liked her idea even though I considered it a very long shot a best.

Since it was only 8:30 in the evening we all agreed and went up to the apartment. Her apartment was furnished better than my parent's home was but then I didn't come from money so it was no surprise. There was a sofa, love seat and an overstuffed chair in her living room area. After each of us circled the refrigerator and all but Caren got a beer we settled down into the seats. Jack turned on the TV and insisted we some new show called Star Trek. I'd never heard of it and so was totally disinterested as was everyone else it seemed.

When Lisa finally re-emerged in the living room she said, "Boy is this a lively group."

"Well we're all pretty tired Lise," I offered.

"Well, let's play a game or something," she retorted. "How about truth or dare?"

"Oh come one," Stacy chimed in, "That's a kid's game. If we're going to do that why don't we all just get naked now and not waste time?"

I knew Stacy was being sarcastic but I couldn't resist saying, "That works for me!"

"It would!" Stacy said pointedly to me.

The Lisa said, "I've got a confession to make. I wanted you all to come up here because I don't really have any friends and you guys are the closest thing I've got to friends so I just wanted to be with you a little longer. I've been pretty lonely lately." None of us could believe what we heard the poor little rich girl saying and I secretly wondered if it was just her way of getting attention. "I know I've been a bitch some times"

Lisa was about to continue when Jack interrupted by saying, "You sure can be!"

"Hey!" I said staring down Jack knowing I didn't need to say much more.

"Anyway," Lisa continued, "I earned that I guess but I'm trying to change. So I figured if we had some sort of an honesty game I could get to know you all better."

There was silence for at least a minute before Caren said, "I learned to masturbate in my high school freshman gym class." That little revelation floored all of us and briefly silenced us as well.

I took a stiff pull from the can of beer I had in my hand and said, "I lost my virginity to an older woman on my paper route."

There was another stunned silence and then Stacy asked. "How old?"

"Huh?" I said not understanding her question.

"How old was she?"

"I dunno, 25, 26 I guess, maybe a little older."

The truth forum was in full force now and continued unabated for well over an hour. Although we talked about things other than sex most of our personal revelations revolved around various sexual escapades we had all had. It was about then Stacy caught me staring at her rather large breasts and said, "You really like my tits don't you Harry. Why don't you take a good look!" With that she pulled her tee shirt over her head and sat there in only her bra."

"Take it off! Take it off!" Jack bellowed. I expected Stacy to object but instead she just reached behind her back and popped her bra off. Now we were all looking at Stacy's breasts.

"So Jack, why don't you show us what you've got!" Stacy chided. Now Jack was known for having a big mouth but not following through. Not this time. Although it was quick Jack had his pants and underpants off before anyone could object had anyone so desired. I couldn't believe the size of Jack's cock. He was almost huge. Well, that's what I thought that evening although I'd had precious little to compare him with. In truth I'd say he was a good seven inches flaccid which had me beat all to hell. The drinking continued but no clothes were shed for a little while and none were put back on either. I was silently wondering, and hoping, where this was all heading.

Finally the silence was broken by Lisa saying, "You know Caren, if I were a guy I'd do you."

"But you're not." Caren said almost defiantly.

"I'd still do you." I'm pretty sure none of us had known anyone who was involved in gay or lesbian sex. Hell, in those days it wasn't even spoken of and now here it was right in front of us. That was the first time a foreign idea excited me. I knew right away I loved the idea.

"So does that mean you'd kiss me?" Caren asked.

"Sure."

"Would you kiss me now?" Caren asked.

"Would you like me to?"

"If you want." Lisa didn't need any more prodding. She got out of her chair and sat down in the small space left on the love seat next to Caren. At first they just looked at each other and then very slowly Lisa leaned in and kissed Caren. It was a short kiss, an experimental kiss. None of us knew what to expect but when we saw Caren smile we also saw Lisa lean back in and kiss her again but this time it was a very long slow kiss that quickly became passionate. No one dared move as we watched the two women "get to know" each other. First Lisa ran her hands over Caren's breasts and then it was Caren caressing Lisa's breasts. It was long, either, before Lisa started unbuttoning Caren's sweater and Caren returned the favor by unbuttoning Lisa's blouse. Soon both women were naked from the waist up. My gaze went from the two women to Stacy who was sitting next to me. I saw her rapt attention to the goings on and then she noticed me looking at her and smiled but said nothing. I couldn't resist her any more and leaned toward her and kissed her on her neck. Stacy say or do a thing. I wasn't sure how to take this so I kissed her again in the same place only this time a little longer and somewhat like I'd do were I giving her a hickey. She still didn't move but she did moan a little and I took this as an invitation.

I looked to see what Jack was doing and no surprise, he was masturbating while watching Lisa and Caren in their love making. As I kissed Stacy on her neck I started squeezing her breasts. It wasn't long before her hand was in my lap seeking out my now hard cock. She fumbled with my zipper and so took things in hand. I stopped kissing and fondling her long enough to completely undress. Stacy for her part removed her jeans and panties. Thing progressed rather quickly from there.

I lost sight of everyone else preferring to give Stacy all my attention. I suckled her breasts and then found her wet pussy with my tongue. Although I was a rather inexperienced lover I still had a pretty good idea what to do and what I liked. What I didn't know was how a woman would react. Stacy didn't take long in filling in those blanks. She liked everything I did. It was long before Stacy literally grabbed me by my ears and pulled me up telling me she wanted my cock inside her. I couldn't say no.

We made love like it was the last time either of us would ever be able to do so. Both of us enjoyed total abandon in our love making and the words "fuck me" and "fuck me harder" flew between us. I was afraid I would come first but as it turned out we both reached our climax at the same time, a fact that still amazes me to this day considering our ineptitude from lack of experience.

But as I was coming I noticed that Lisa and Caren had surrounded Jack. Lisa was caressing Jack's balls as he fucked Caren. The sight was incredible and quickly drove my softening cock hard again. Stacy noticed this change, of course, and gave me a questioning look. I nodded towards Jack and as she looked over I heard her say, "Oh my gawd!" Stacy's breathing quickened and we were thrust into extreme excitement quickly.

As Stacy and I started to relax from our orgasms I think we all noticed what was happening in unison. I looked toward Caren and Lisa toward Stacy.

"What was that?" Stacy asked.

There were some mumbled responses but we were suddenly a pretty quiet group. Stacy was the first to suggest she was tired and needed to get going and I said I'd go with her. The others followed suit and just like that we were leaving the apartment. Our study group met one more time but nothing was said about that evening. Stacy and I did go out regularly, if you can call it that, until we graduated and then drifted apart. I lost touch with everyone except Stacy. About six years ago I ran across her near Boston common and we chatted for a while. Although I was interested she was married so I didn't pursue anything. But the memories are wonderful and I smile whenever I think back to that fateful evening.