 The Stripper and the Chef party it up in Philly

 So Brittni's spring break was coming up and she said she was dying for a taste of my Shepherd's Pie lol. She was also eager to sample the Philly hotties, especially in the downtown club scene in Rittenhouse Square. We decided to have a girl's night out. Booked a hotel and we were all set for some Clubbin' and SInnin' lol...

She got in from the Airport glowing with youth and enthusiasm. "Hiiiiiiii," she squealed, "I'm so excited to see you!" Mmmm....there goes that tingle in my crotch....I can feel my little shaved petals quiver at the sight of her. She smelled amazing too. We knew we were gonna have a blast. We headed downtown, dropped off her stuff and started toking it up in the Taxi. We were laughing hysterically. She had on a tiny dress which showed off her miles long toned legs....I was wearing a Low cut blouse and bell-bottom jeans. She whispered, " I can't wait to get my hands on your tits!"

Laughing, I took her hands and put them right on my girls. Right in the cab. The Taxi driver almost went off the road. She put her hand in my bra and pulled my huge breast out and started sucking it. I immediately had a quick spasm. Bitch got a tongue ring! FUCK!!!! I LOVE that!! I started moaning and loved the feel of her soft tongue with the stud sending erotic vibrations through my breast. I reached under her dress and she had on NO PANTIES....you slut lol.....you stole that move from me lol. I started stroking her hot little box that was getting so nice and warm and wet for me. The cab driver was swerving all over the road at this point. 

"DUDE!" I barked, "Watch the road!" I wanted to taste her glistening little clit but I didn't want to mess up my hair and makeup just yet. (YES WE ARE GIRLS lol)...so I settled for finger fucking her, slipping my middle finger in there and curling it to rub her G Spot. Oohhhhh, mmmm.....there it is....her head fell back and she let out a shriek as she was humping my hand. The cab driver was recording her every spasm. How he managed to drive with his Phone recording the action and one hand in his pants I don't know lol. But we got there....oooh, we got there....grins.

The bouncer did a double-take as we approached. You see, we look alike...both blonde, with silky long hair almost down to our waists. I look like a Penthouse Pet, a bit like Kate Upton, hourglass figure with natural 42DD breasts. Brittni could model for Sports Illustrated, from dancing and Pilates, she is incredibly toned with a 6 pack. I love licking her belly button lol. I realized at that moment that we probably looked like mother and daughter...which of course made me laugh. One of my favorite porn scenarios is "The Cougar Stepmom seducing the innocent daughter"....I started giggling my evil little giggle as I pictured this evening going down. Hmmmmm......lol.

The music was excellent...DJ was covering all genres including Hip Hop, and some Old School stuff. Lot of guys were checking us out while we surveyed the talent lol. We bellied up to the bar and I ordered a white wine, as did she. A young Hispanic guy rushed up to us and offered to buy the drinks. We said sure, and sat down on one of the sofas to watch the action.

We were clearly the most beautiful women in the room. I closed my eyes and silently chanted some words in Latin and sent out a wave of Lust in the room. Almost immediately two incredibly handsome men came over to talk to us. One was quite young, probably in his 20's. The other one looked to be in his 30's and had a bit of a Dom streak, I could see it in his Aura. 

The younger man said, "I'm Chad" and the other one introduced himself as Eric. They were both VERY built, tall and muscular, and ohhh....I could see the outlines of their cocks, even in a flaccid state. Chad was definitely a grower lol...whereas Eric...oh my....talk about a trouser snake HA HA HA. I extended my hand to both of them and passed my finger by both their noses so they could inhale Brittni's secretions that were still glistening on my fingers. They blinked in surprise. I casually then applied her whipped cream to my neck and cleavage. This is an old trick that I do to attract lovers. Girl cum or any cum really is full of pheromones...it attracts men like crazy. Courtesans back in the day used it. Besides, she's magically delicious lol.

I glanced around the room casually as Brittni chatted animatedly with Chad. I could see the energy changing as my Sex Magick permeated the crowd. The DJ switched the music to a slow throbbing sultry beat. I got up and said to Brittni, "Girl, let's dance"....the men followed us to the dance floor in a daze. I had enchanted them.

I started dancing with Brittni and running my hands down her supple back. She shuddered in my arms and nestled close to me. Her hair brushed my cheek and I gently pulled it out of her face and leaned in for a kiss. Chad and Eric were open-mouthed with baited breath. "Bro," I heard Chad mutter to Eric, "Is this really happening?"

I drifted my hands down to her tight high ass and squeezed it. By now, an interested crowd of horny men were gathered around us. I opened my eyes in the sensuality of the moment and saw people dancing together, dirty dancing, grinding...Smoke came down from the vents in the ceiling and enveloped us all in a dreamy silky haze. Just then the DJ put on one of my favorite songs, "Shake Your Money Maker" by Pharell...I gently cupped her breasts and turned her around to dance with Chad, who was eyeing her with longing.

Eric moved in and started dirty dancing with me. I moved to Brittni's back so I could stroke her body while she was dancing. She ripped out some serious stripper moves as the crowd got larger and started egging us on. Chad was almost panting as this point and I could see his short thick cock stirring in his pants. Hmmmm, I thought...he has some serious girth on the Cock-o-Meter hehehe. The four of us formed a mass of writhing bodies. I could feel Eric's big dong hardening against my full ass and it excited me. Eric started kissing my neck and fondling my heaving melons.

My nipples got hot and hard and I heard Brittni's intake of breath. Just then, the Manager approached us. "You need to get out, we can't have that sort of thing here", he said, motioning to the door. The crowd let out a collective sigh of disappointment as we grabbed our purses and headed to the door.

"Soooo," Eric said, "Now what?" His cock was twitching in his pants and I could see a little wet spot. Nice, I thought...

"We are staying at the Sheraton", I said, "Would you fellas like to come back and party with us?" Of course they agreed and grabbed a cab. It was the same cab driver! Brittni and I started laughing hysterically and I SWEAR that man had an instant erection the minute we piled into the back. Chad and Eric were befuddled but we just smiled.

We got back to our room and our lovely guests insisted on buying us a bottle of Champagne and the finest Cognac. Brittni sat sprawled on the couch sipping her wine. I like wine also but Cognac makes me REALLY horny. I could feel the Chemistry building between the four of us. I casually went to sit on the couch with Brittni who was smiling her sexy little kitten smile at me. I started to massage her shoulders and she started kissing my lips and neck. I love having my neck kissed, it makes me cum every time. I had a quick spasm. She moaned and lay back on the couch, pulling her short dress up to her waist. Her perfect tiny little rosebud of a clit peeked at me, begging me to lick it. I buried my face in her pussy and started licking her tasty little snatch. 

At this point, both men had their cocks out and were stroking them. They were so excited at the thought of having us. I got behind Brittni and pulled her legs apart, exposing her to both men. "Chad," I cooed, "She is soooo tasty, you want a lick?" Chad immediately dropped to his knees and began lapping at Brittni's sex. She was squirming around and loving it. I was stroking her inner thighs and perfect sunny side up tits. I was laughing in my head because I make Eggs Benedict and I was thinking of putting hollandaise on her for a second. 

I dropped to my knees In front of Eric and started sucking him. I like to start slow, with light strokes of my tongue to his scrotum and cock. He was moaning. Jeziz Fuck! He was becoming all the way hard and had to be at least 9.5 inches. OMG I LOVE Mario's Italian Sausage but Damn...it was nice and shaved with a wicked curve. I couldn't even deep throat it that well. I was drooling all over it and loved the feel of it gliding in and out of my mouth. He put his hands in my hair and his head back. Chad had climbed on top of Brittni and was fucking her. She was enjoying it but I know what my girl likes lol. 

I got my anal vibe out of my Toy Box and lubed it up good. Chad pulled his body up so I could insert the buzzing toy into her asshole. He was still inside of her and she screamed out that it felt amazing. He could feel the vibrations too and growled in his throat. Eric had found my handcuffs and cuffed my wrists playfully. He took me over to one of the beds and said, "All I want to do is pleasure you"

I said, "Then eat my pussy. It's hungry and it's not gonna lick itself!" LOL! He started cracking up, took a sip of my Cognac and got to work. My clothes were off in about a second and he was turned on by how wet I already was. He was licking me soooo good, exploring my sweetness and telling me I tasted fucking amazing, like the finest wine he's ever had. He was darting his tongue in and out of my tight fuckhole and I was loving it. I could hear Brittni and Chad making a lot of noise and it was hot as fuck. Eric put his finger inside of me and exclaimed how tight I was. He was rubbing my G spot in circles and I squirted. It wasn't a waterfall, like you see in porn but a warm trickly of girl-juice. He scooped it up and licked it off his fingers.

Brittni and Chad climbed onto the King-sized bed with 800 thread Egyptian cotton sheets with us. We were all naked and turned on. The guys straddled us and began pumping. Their looks of pure bliss were awesome to see. Brittni and I would reach out and fondle each other's titties while they fucked us. I started doing my signature move with my hips. I have been told that it feels like I am fucking a man and blowing him at the same time. "Brittni", I said, "Watch this...see how I twist my hips while he fucks me and I am squeezing my PC muscle? Try it" She did and Chad's love sounds increased in volume. He was getting close. It is one of the reasons I don't csre for younger men. I can fuck and cum for hours until I am satisfied. Brittni called out that she was cumming. As she did, I wet my finger and rubbed her little clit until I felt the vibration.

Eric had my legs up over my head and was fucking me in the most luxurious tantalizing way. He would withdraw his cock almost to the head then plunge back in, hitting my G spot. Brittni jumped off the bed and got my clit vibe. She started suckling my massive tits and rubbing the vibe all over my clit. I was cumming...and cumming...and cumming..."OH FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!! FUCKING LOVE YOUR COCK, GOD DAMN IT!" I bellowed. Chad whipped out his phone and started filming it. Britt is not a huge fan of being filmed so she ducked behind him as he filmed my steaming cunnie getting stuffed. 

With a loud groan, Eric shot a huge load into me. Brittni immediately got between my legs and started lapping it up. We all collapsed in a sticky heap. Then they decided to order omelets!!! I LOVE IT!!! 

 More adventures to come from Cougar and Kitten- Land.....xoxo....~Sexynursechef~