 Pam was a bodacious broad. Not especially pretty or possessed of a great figure, nonetheless her zest for life her sex drive, and her charisma attracted men to her. And she was adventurous. One evening she had set up a surprise for a guy she was seeing. Tim was tall and mustached and blond, one of the few blond men she ever found attractive. He had a great sense of humor and was good in bed, was very good to her, so she thought she'd treat him to one of his fantasies.

A friend of hers, Candi, was a petite brunette, and had a wicked sense of adventure herself. Pam had proposed being part of the "surprise" to her, and she accepted.

Tim arrived at the appointed time, knocking at Pam's back door. Pam got a huge kick when Tim saw Candi sitting in her living room. He shifted glances back and forth as if to say "what's this?"

"Well, you've been such a doll, I though perhaps I could give you a little present to remember," Pam said.

Candi got up from the couch, put an arm around Tim and said "Yes, isn't this something you've always wanted?" 

Whipping his coat off, Tim couldn't believe his good fortune -- "Oh hell yeah!! I just can't believe you'd do a thing like this for me," he smiled in Pam's direction.

"Well, neither of us has experienced this either," she said. "So I figured that we all felt comfortable enough with each other to make this a success. Come on," she tilted her head to the bedroom. The other two followed her in. Tim started pulling off his shirt, but Candi stopped him. "Let's us all take care of each other this evening, shall we?"

She finished pulling off his shirt, turned to Pam and began to remove her top as well. Tim returned the favor, taking off Candi's t-shirt and dropping it on the chair nearby. Pam was full-breasted and Candi ran her hands over Pam's bra, then quickly went to the back and unhooked it. Pam's breasts were barely contained by the lingerie, and she held them as the bra dropped to the floor.

Tim was moved to action, and undid Candi's bra so both women were now bare-breasted. He glanced from woman to woman -- "what lovely tits you two have," and he reached out and took one of each woman's breasts in each hand, caressing them. Each woman then reached out to fondle the other's breast, giggling at the unfamiliar feeling of another woman's breast in her hand.

Tim kissed first Pam, then Candi. He unzipped Candi's jeans, then Pam's, then his own. They all worked themselves out of their pants until they were standing there in their undies, Tim's showing his cock already erect. 

Pam pulled the other two to her king-sized bed. She lit a bunch of candles placed around the room so that it was quite bright. She pulled up some pillows so Tim was leaning against the headboard.

"OK, Tim, this evening is all about you. We are here to do your bidding. What would you like?" He hesitated for a moment. "Come on, speak up, don't hold back," she said.

"OK, I want to see the two of you play with yourselves while I do the same," he said huskily. 

"See?" Candi said. "Was that so difficult?" as she positioned herself on some pillows near the foot of the bed with her legs facing him. Pam did the same on Tim's other side.

Pam started stroking between her legs with her middle finger. "you see sweetie, I love to tickle myself thru the fabric right over the clit -- the sensation is fabulous, not too strong, just light enough. Oooh woww." she sighed.

Candi spoke up -- "and I like to gently squeeze my whole pussy and release -- it massages the clit indirectly and feels soooo goood. Mmmmm." Tim's mouth hung agape at their frankness. 

"C'mon, babes, tell us what you like to do," Pam nodded towards the bulge in his shorts.

He snapped out of his momentary astonishment and started massinging his cock through his shorts. "Well, um, wow, it's true that women are more verbal than men -- I've never had to do this before!" 

Candi laughed - " You're among friends. Just say whatever is going through your mind right now." 

"Well," he said, "the sight of you two playing with your pussies has gotten me so turned on, my cock is begging for attention. I start rubbing it through my shorts, and then," he pulled down his waistband to reveal his stiff pink penis "I have to touch it directly." 

"Mmmmm" both girls murmured. "You have a gorgeous cock," Candi said. 

"Isn't it though? Wait until you feel it," Pam smirked.

He made a fist around the shaft and began stroking it slowly up and down, again and again, pausing occasionally to shake it so that the head slapped against his stomach. 

"Now, what is that about?" Candi asked. 

"Well, it helps to slow down sensations a little bit, which I'm going to need every bit of tonight," he admitted.

"I just looove watching you masturbate, it makes my pussy so hot and tickly." Pam said hungrily. 

"Me too!" Candi added. And as if to accentuate that point, she pulled aside her panties to reveal her glistening lips. Seeing her, Pam pulled hers off entirely and spread her legs so he could see her moistness in the candlelight as well.

"Oh, wowwwwww!" he growled, that's just gorgeous. "Candi, off with yours too!" She smiled and pulled off her panties and threw them at him. He ducked, laughing. They all continued with their fondling and stroking and tickling, taking in the views which excited them all so.

Then they heard a knock on the back door. They froze. "You expecting somebody?" Tim whispered. 

"No,not at all." Pam whispered back. They waited. Another knock, more insistent. 

"You'd better take care of it before the mood is blown here," Candi said. Pam pulled on a robe and left the room. 

She got to the door, rather pissed at the development. "Who is it?" she said angrily. 

"It's Rob, let me in." Oh shit! This was a guy Pam had seen occasionally, and he had to show up now??? 

"I can't, I'm busy." she replied. 

"Oh baby, you've got to let me in, I need to see you, I'm so horny I can't stand it." Oh hell!!! Then she had a flash of inspiration. 

"Hang on!" she told him.

She went back to the bedroom, where Tim and Candi had progressed to fondling each other. 

"So did you get rid of whoever that was?" Tim asked. 

"No," Pam said. "I know you're not going to believe this, but it's Rob at the door." Both of them knew him socially, but were surprised.

"What's he want?" Candi asked. 

"The straight story -- he's horny as hell and wants to fuck me. I know you two didn't know we booty call occasionally, but there it is. I was just thinking...we could make this even more interesting if you two were willing......" 

"Oh shit, you want another guy in here?" Tim asked, sounding a little alarmed.

"No, it's your evening. I can tell him to leave, but it just crossed my mind." Pam started to explain.

"Now wait a second!" Candi spoke up, "Let's not rush here. Adding another person to the mix could be something beyond my wildest dreams, just think about it. How about it. Tim? Wouldn't this really be a night to remember? Besides, once he finds out that there's three of us here, he might bag it anyway." 

Tim mulled it over. Another knock at the door. "Well, OK. Let's see what happens." 

Pam went back out and unlocked the door. Rob burst in, grabbing Pam's face for a big lusty kiss. "Oh you won't be sorry, I'll fuck you silly and then some." 

Pam tasted alcohol. "Are you drunk?" she asked. 

"No, no. I just had a few, after the golf game, starting thinking about you, and I just had to come over." he said. 

"All right, before you start getting too crazy, I need you to take all your clothes off." she demanded.

"Allll right!!" he crowed. He stood there naked in just a few moments. He was already hard. 

"Wow," Pam said "you are eager tonight." 

"I suuure am." he responded.

"Well, I have something to show you. You may decide not to stay, it's up to you." Pam said. She took his hand and led him to the bedroom. Candi and Tim were sitting side by side, under the covers. "Chickenshits!" Pam thought.

"Wooooohhhh! What the hell is this?" Rob stopped short, first looking at the two of them, and then at Pam.

"Hi Rob" Candi said brightly. She was looking forward to this. 

"Tim, you had these two when I knocked on the door?" Rob asked incredulously. 

"Yeah, I sorta did. Just. Me." Tim said, still weighing his options.

"Now," Pam said, "Rob, you can stay, but whatever happens here tonight dies with us. We leave all our inhibitions behind for what could be one unbelievable night. No judgements, no nothin'!" She was laying out groundrules. "If you're not good with that, then you'd probably better go." 

The room went silent for a few moments. Then Rob spoke up "OK, I'm good with that. You've all seen me naked with a stiffie, so what am I worried about?"

Despite himself, Tim started laughing, and then the others joined in. "C'mon in Rob!"

Candi patted the bed. "I always fantasized about you, too." Pam dropped her robe and explained where they had been when the fateful knock on the door changed the evening forever. 

"You want me to what?" Rob asked, sounding a little freaked.

"Oh give me a break" Candi said. "Everybody knows that you boys masturbate in groups. Hell, sometimes, you even jerk each other off. Don't act so shy." 

Pam looked at him and then at Tim. "That's true, isn't it guys?". 

They both looked away for a second. Tim looked right at Pam and said -- "yep, goes on more than you think. She's right Rob, man up and join in. Here's some lotion." and he handed to Rob after getting some more for himself.

They repositioned so that both men were with their backs against the headboard and both women were as before.

The two women began to finger themselves again, and the men -- well they did what they did since they were young boys. 

"What an erotic sight," Pam thought. Both these gorgeous men masturbating in front of her, she and Candi pleasuring themselves in front of the men. 

Tim interrupted her thoughts. "Is is still my night? Do I get to ask for something?" 

"Sure, we can all ask for something." Pam responded.

"OK. I'd like you two to play with each other's pussies. That would turn me on so much.". Rob's eyes got wide as he looked from Tim to the two women.

Before she could respond, Candi said "OK!". She reached over and put her fingers on Pam's pussy and started playing away. Pam's hips arched with delight as she felt that zinging tickling sensation, and she reached over and started fingering her too. 

"Oh wow," she said to Candi. "You feel so wet and hot." Both guys were stroking themselves harder now, breathing more heavily.

"Tell me how you like to be touched," Candi said, "and I'll do the same." 

"Ohhh God! Just keep doing that up and down motion of your fingers from top to bottom, but lightly." Pam sighed. 

"Just keep doing what you're doing and I'll let you know if I want anything else." Candi responded.

The clicking sounds of fingers on wet pussies, and of cocks being stroked, and sighs and other sounds of pleasure were all that was heard for a while.

Then Candi piped up. "OK what's good for the goose is good for the gander," nodding at the guys. 

"You want us to touch each other? I'm not sure I'm drunk enough for that!" Rob said, hesitating.

"C'mon, it's only fair," Pam added. "Remember, no inhibitions, no judgments, just pleasure tonight." 

Tim looked at him, reached over and grabbed his dick, saying, "you know you did this when you were young. What's the big deal?"

Rob let out a surprised gasp, but settled when he felt that sure grip on his stout cock. 

He looked at Candi, and said. "OK. Goose. Gander. Done," and took Tim's long pink erection in his hand and started moving up and down. 

"Now isn't that as erotic as hell to feel another man's hand on your cock? I know feeling her hand on my pussy just about blew me away." Pam said to both guys. 

"Why thank you!" Candi joked. "You're doing wonderfully too!" 

"Yeah," Rob uttered, "it is pretty wild to see a man's hand on your dick." 

"Feels good too". Tim added. The men and women watched each other intently, so turned on the by the sight of mutual masturbation.

Several minutes later, Rob asked. "Do I get to put in my two cents?" 

"Sure" the others responded. "OK, well, I don't know if you girls have ever done this, but I would die with delight if I could see you lick each other's lovely pussies." 

Candi smirked. "Well, actually I have before. When I was in college, my roommate and I were dateless one Friday night. We both complained about how horny we were, one thing led to another, and..." 

"No shit!" Pam exclaimed. "No wonder you had no problem with signing on to a threesome! So who goes first?" 

"Do it at the same time!" Rob demanded, not believing his luck. 

"Nah, you really can't see what's going on, and 69 is overrated anyway. It's better to give than receive in that case." Pam said back. "Since you have some experience in this Candi, why don't you show us how it's done?" 

"My pleasure! Get on your back, sweets, and spread your legs very wide." 

Candi positioned herself so the guys could see Pam's pussy quite clearly. She came in from the side and ran her tongue along Pam's thighs, one, then the other. "Mmmm, your little clit is so hard." she observed. Then she lapped Pam's pussy from top to bottom, while Pam let out moan of pleasure.

Both guys' mouths were hanging agape, so turned on, stroking more slowly. She continued the lapping motion a few times, then went up and kissed Pam, with a little tongue thrust. "Your pussy is delicious!" Candi said.

She then went over and kissed both men, so they could share the flavor as well. She then returned to Pam's hot center and put her mouth over the entire thing and began a soft sucking motion. Pam groaned with pleasure and pushed her cunny upwards as her ass tightened. Candi didn't let go, but kept on and on, bringing orgasms to Pam, the likes of which she had not experienced from oral sex. 

After she recovered Pam said shakily,"OK, I'm as ready as I'm ever going to be!" They switched positions and Pam mimicked every move Candi had done. 

At one point, Candi begged," please, please, can you flick your tongue all the way up to my clit and back down again, and keep on going?" 

"Mmm-MMM" Pam said, her face moist with Candi's juices. "just a second." She went over to the men and indicated for them to lick her lips and face. "Doesn't she taste wonderful too?" 

Murmurs of delight came from both men, who she noticed had stopped rubbing, but were holding the ends of their cocks firmly. She figured they had come too close and were slowing things down. Good. She didn't want them coming yet.

Pam returned and did as she was bid, flicking her tongue up and down that wet pussy, to the groans and shrieks of delight from the recipient.

After she came. Candi looked pointedly at both men. "Now wait a minute!!" Rob said. "You don't expect us to..." 

"Oh I see!" Pam said. "Typical guy. You expect us to have our tongues in another female's cunny up to her bellybutton, and that's just fine, but the thought of licking another man's dick, and you're ready to about shit yourselves?"

Candi got up on her elbows. "She's right. You straight males are so homo-scared. You've already been masturbating each other and the roof didn't cave in. Aren't you the least bit curious as to what another man's cock feels like? Both of us now know what you experience when you do 'mouth music' on a woman. What happened to 'no inhibitions, no judgements?' That only goes for us?"

The room was very still. Pam finally spoke up. "You know Tim, I hope I'm not telling tales out of school, but you did tell me once that you would like to try that, but only if a woman was present, to make you feel OK about it. Personally, I would think of you as more of a man to have the balls to experience it."

"Yeah!! You tell 'im," Candi chimed in, sounding like a 5 year old. Pam arched her brow. "We can throw you both out, you know!"

With the ice broken. Tim looked at Rob, and said "Well, it's either both in or both out. What's it gonna be?"

"No one will ever tell a soul, right?" Rob asked. All nodded in assent. "All right, but no Deep Throat stuff." 

The girls cuddled each other, playing with each others' breasts, while Tim moved his head over to Rob's direction. 

Rob watched him wide-eyed, and Tim took Rob's knob in his mouth, running his tongue around it, eyes closed, experiencing the taste and feel of it. Rob let out a huge 'ohhhh!' and Candi patted his leg. 

Tim started moving his mouth up and down the penis slowly. Candi and Pam moved apart, and both women took the men's balls in their hands, fondling and bobbling and tickling them, to add to the excitement. After several minutes of this, Tim sat back against the headboard. Pam came up and gave him a deep kiss, tasting Rob on his mouth.

Then Candi gave Rob a slight push. He moved over gingerly, hovered a moment over Tim's cock, and reached his tongue out, barely touching Tim's cock. 

Tim said "hey buddy, this snake ain't poisonous. Just go for it!" Rob pulled away and they all laughed at the wisecrack. He then went back and took the plunge, the whole knob in his mouth, and more. 

He moved his mouth down the shaft, then up, sucking. Tim sighed. The girls kept fondling and touching the mens' balls as before.

After a minute or so, Rob stopped and sat back. He and Tim looked at each other, and Tim said "so shall we pick out drapes tomorrow?" 

Pam smacked him "Wiseass!!! Enough of this! I think somebody mentioned fucking earlier this evening." 

Pam grabbed Tim first, and said "now, everybody stay in control here, because we're going to take turns." She lowered herself onto Tim's cock, as Candi did on Rob's. 

"When I got up this morning, this was definitely not what I expected for today!" Rob got out between moans. 

"Me neither!" the rest said in unison. 

They fucked for several minutes like this, and then Candi called "Chinese fire drill!" 

Laughing, they changed partners, but the women moved to the bottom. "Ooh, tight pussies all around tonight!" Tim said lasciviously.

"Damned right," Pam said. "Now start fucking like you mean it. You guys have to get home at a decent hour."

"OK, this is it," Rob said. They began slowly, in and out, teasing the girls by tickling their dicks on the outside, and then --slamming back in!! The rhythm mounted and the breaths became shorter.

The girls shrieked with pleasure as the guys moaned with theirs as well. Pam grabbed Candi's hand , "Oh Gawd!! I'm going over!!" 

Tim fucked her harder until he too yelled with his orgasm and came hard into her. Rob and Candi were right there. As the other two watched, he fucked her fast until first she, then he, exploded into her.

The room was silent for several minutes except for the gasping of spent lovemaking. Without a word, one by one, they disengaged, headed for the shower, dressed, hugged and kissed goodnight with a knowing smile.