 This is a story of three friends after High School and their sexual growth. I am not sure where this will go but I can tell you one thing for sure that if you are turned off by man to man sex this won't be for you. As there will be some sooner or later. The story will take a while to build up so if you are in a hurry this may not be for you, if it was let me know.

So... 

The Talk

We had graduated together and Steve and I were best of friends. We had a lot of first together. We shared our first beer, went 100 mph in his dad's 60 Buick ragtop, double dated together and told each other what pricks our dads were, all the teen boy stuff.

Our senior year what we didn't ever tell each other was that we were both dating the same girl at the same time. I had an idea that she was also seeing him but Kathy was letting me touch her warm wet pussy and that was about all I cared about. I knew Steve had dated her and had some fun with her too.

As I remembered it he described her tits as spectacular! He loved to bury his face between them. My desires were centered much lower. I was equally inept with the ladies but was consumed with the unknown wonders to be found in their panties.

Kath was a nice girl. Smart, cute, liked by everyone but shy. It was the 60's and Mickey D hadn't fed us all those 28 cent burgers from hormone induced steers. So in a class of 65 students she had the largest boobs of all the girls. I bet if you put all their tits in a bucket they wouldn't equal one of Kathy's! And once they were reluctantly freed from her bra they just stood there proud in the moon light of my dad's cars back seat. But better still, when we dated she let me get a hand into her panties to explore the unknown wonders to be found there.

I think her breast size was what made her so needlessly self-conscious. But as summer came around and we didn't have the bull shit of school she started to blossom. In the Fall she was headed to the city to start college, Steve had to work full time in his family business and I started an apprenticeship in a design house learning drafting. She was working at the beach until school started to earn some extra money for school but Steve and I went right to work at our new jobs.

She would never see me as often as I wanted but it was summer and young girls were out of school too and everywhere. I was working with some older guys and all they talked about was SEX! I was just 18 and thought I knew something but quickly found out getting to third base was supposed to happen on the first date, not after months of trying and pleading. Hand jobs, fucking and even "eating a girl out"! These guys were worldly! They hadn't been farther from home than the hour it took to see the Red Sox but I was in awe of their experience so was on a mission to lose my cherry. Kath was holding me at bay only letting me finger her warm wet pussy and the night before she left for school did reluctantly give me a terrible hand job. But it was so much better that my hand! There is a 1966 Fairlane somewhere with sperm on the headliner to this day.

That summer, of 66, I did get laid. A frantic affair in the back of my car. I am sure it was far from satisfying for the young lady, but the deed was done. I can only hope her next experience was much better for her.

Fall then winter came and my sex life was picking up. The 60's was a great time to come of age sexually. Sex, drugs and rock and roll! Anything for a thrill and pissing off your parents was just a plus.

I didn't see Steve much as I now had new friends and his dad kept him pretty busy. Kath came home for the holidays and we got together a couple of times. She seemed different, more mature and self-confidant. I still had feelings for her but knew this was not the time to be getting too serious with her in New York and me in NH. She did let me eat her pussy which was my new obsession and freely gave me excellent hand jobs. I kind of knew Steve was seeing her but it didn't bother me as I was chasing as many willing young ladies as possible.

The holidays passed and Steve and I saw each other whenever he could get free for a few beers. I was really into pot and he wasn't so that was a little awkward, but we were still close. We both had heard from Kath but never talked about her once he found out somehow that I had seen her. I don't know what he knew but it made things a little awkward between us.

Spring and finally summer came and Kath was soon home. Before she would go out with me she said things needed to be different and she wanted to still date but we needed "to talk" first. We made a date to meet at her parents place one Saturday afternoon. Her folks were well off and had a beach house that they lived at during the season so Kath had the home all to herself. When I arrived I was surprised and upset to see Steve's truck there ahead of me! When she opened the door she looked spectacular. She was different, more mature. Something about her manner said adult and for the first time made me feel like a horny kid. I was but for the first time realized it. She held herself with more confidence but gave me a big hug and kiss on the lips, even a squeeze on one ass cheek.

Entering the living room Steve and I made eye contact and the tension was so thick you could feel it. The sexual tension was so thick I thought I could taste it.

Steve and I said our tense hellos as Kath handed us each a beer. An import I had never seen before. And I had thought Michelob was imported.

As she settled in I saw she had a cocktail, later I found out it was a gin and tonic. She then said: "I suppose you both are wondering what is going on. We have been tip toeing around the fact that I am seeing both of you and have been since high school."

Seeing our shock at hearing, what I at least knew deep down, she continued: "Oh, relax boys, you both each had your way with me and my seeing both of you didn't diminish eithers pleasure. Yes, yes, I know you both each wanted more but you each got what you needed. So let's get right to it. I am going to be home for the summer and do not see why we cannot go on as before. With some changes."

I assume Steve was dreaming about more from his relationship with Kath while trying not to think what I would be doing with her. I wanted everything but could not help thinking about his cock violating her beautiful pussy. A pussy that I wanted all for myself.

"Listen, I have been away for almost a year and have done some things. A lot of things actually, probably everything you each wanted to do with me. Yes it would have been nice to have done them with each of you but I loved you both and knew what good friends you were and had so much trouble trying not to be the reason for that to end, I didn't. We didn't. You both couldn't be the first to take my virginity. You each got to be the first at something and never mind what! It happened long ago. But it has been done and I like it. I like sex a lot and do not see why we cannot share this with each other. You have to be comfortable with that because I won't date only one of you. Both or neither and you have to agree and promise no jealousy or head games.

Steve and I are only thinking about the pleasures we could share with Kath and not thinking about the other doing the same when she says: "Before you agree you need to know something and agree to my terms. OK?"

"Ah, just what are the terms?" I ask unsure of what is coming.

"Steve? You?" she asks.

"I guess I am just confused. You are saying you want to have sex with me but I have to know that you are having sex with Ben too? And be OK with it? Is that what you are saying?" he asks.

"Yes, that is the bottom line but there is a lot more and my terms are not negotiable." She continues.

"How about a story, it may make you want to forget the whole thing but you will know what to expect. When I was in school I felt free, around here I was worried about what the other girls thought, you and the other guys and fuck, what if my parents knew I was having sex? So at school I tried everything. Yes boys everything, so you won't have to worry who got my cherry. Someone you will never meet did and it is done, forget it and move on."

Neither Steve or I had ever heard Kath swear and were surprised, but in hindsight that was nothing.

"Now I have tried everything I ever wanted and some I could not have imagined while gone and I have a proposal, but first let me tell you they story first." 

Pausing to take a sip of her drink she went on: "After I fucked a bunch of guys I met a pair of roommates. Their names do not matter but after I had been with one a couple of times, and by been I mean, been to bed with, we were in his bed when his roommate came home unexpectedly. I thought he was away for the weekend but they had planned a little surprise for me. As I was on top of the first in his bed the second walked in and to make a long story short after I realized that I was naked, exposed, fucking actually there was no sense in false modesty."

Another sip of her drink and she sees us both on the edge of our seats listening intently she goes on: "So, anyway, before I know it all three of us are in bed together and I really liked it. I mean I REALLY liked it. They were both all over me, both trying to please me. Then something happened."

She pauses to see our reaction and not seeing shock but two guys on the edge of their seats she asks: "Do either of you know what a bi-sexual is?"

Steve ever the farm boy seems confused says nothing. Thinking myself all-knowing blurt out: "That's a girl that likes sex with girls and guys!"

"Yes, my little horn dog, but you are only half right. A man can be bi-sexual also." She schools us.

Silence, our boy brains trying to work out the ramifications of this when she says: "One of the guys sucked the other off! Not a little kiss either, one of those blow jobs you both dream of. I bet you Ben at least have thought of me doing it for you, haven't you?"

I can only blush and take a sip of my beer, thinking about just that.

"So, when I didn't freak out, we all had sex. Together. With each other and in every way we could think of. Over the next months I had sex with each of them alone and together. They had been blowing each other for years and had tried what they surprised me with on other women with varied success, but I was the only one who liked it. Loved it actually. You see I am far from being ready to settle down and really liked doing it with them. They were a lot like you two. They grew up next door to each other and had done everything together. Their first sex was with each other and after they had sex with girls didn't stop with each other. I was the first that liked the threesome arrangement."

"Now the proposal, as you know my folks are at the beach for at least three months and I am offering for you to move in for the summer. Both of you. You are still living at home and need to get out. There will be no rent or utilities but we split food and expenses three ways. You can each have a room of your own and from time I will invite one or most likely both of you to my bed, or the floor, couch or hammock. Whatever strikes my fancy at the moment." 

"Ben. I will give you the blow job you have so wanted, you too Steve for that matter and Stevie, I will let you put that cock of yours between my boobies as you are dying to do. I am on the pill now and we won't have to worry about that, but you will only have sex between us. With me and each other, because I love making love to men that are adult enough to know sucking a cock now and then won't cause them to burst into flames. Ben, you will have to give up your floozies. I won't have any diseases coming in here."

"You see I can't get enough of men making love to each other. You two ass holes have done everything together I can't believe you haven't had sex with each other yet anyway. Or have you? A girl can only hope. No? Well, if I have my way, that will soon change once you find out that good sex is just that, good sex."

Pausing to finish her drink I ask: "Are you bisexual?"

Smiling she looks at me as she seductively licks her lips and says: "Yes, and now I know why you are so hard to pry from my pussy once you get your lips on it. It tastes fabulous doesn't it?"

"Fuck yes. Do you know you were my first? I know I was awful but I did get better didn't I?" I confess.

"Yes and I know you were practicing on that tart Leslie too you dick!" She laughs.

Shocked I ask: "How did you know?"

"Girls talk dummy! I didn't tell her you were slurping my cheesecake too! But she told me e v e r y t h i n g!" She tells us.

Steve is still in shock. I wasn't thinking about what Kath was asking us to do with each other but he must have been as he was silent.

"So what is your problem my blonde love." she asks him. 'Come on its only one little cock I am asking you to suck and you guys still haven't told weather you have done anything with each other, fess up one of you."

"Hey wait a minute, what's this little shit?' I snap.

"Look, it is so easy. You both move in here, we have sex, with each other. We have a wild summer and nobody ever has to know. At the end of summer we say see ya until the next time and everyone has more fun than we ever imagined. How hard is that? Is it as hard as those two tents in your pants and relax, you are both almost the same size."

More silence, even ear shattering silence when finally Steve surprises me by asking: "Just when is this to start?"

Kath moves to sit on his lap and rubbing his face all over her awesome boobs says: "Right now if we all agree."

"What if we don't like it?" I ask.

"Anyone can say no at any time they want. I just ask is please give it a chance. Try everything once. That should be easy for you Mister I'll Smoke Anything! Just remember if one of you walks out, there is no second chance. I might choose to continue with the one who stays but it will be my choice."

As she stands she reaches out a hand to each of us and says: "So...ready?"

The Test

After what seems like an eternity Steve and I both stand and take her hand as she leads us down the hall to her bed room. She had planned ahead as the shades were drawn and there were just a couple of scented candles burning. She turned to Steve unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders. After doing the same to me she kissed us each in turn and removed her blouse to reveal a sexy beige bra. Her beautiful breasts had gotten even more magnificent if possible.

She reached for my belt and opening my jeans pushed them down my legs and got me to lift my legs out of them and kick them off with my moccasins. My hard cock was plain to see in my underwear. She softly but quickly ran a finger across the length of it.

Steve had tie shoes on and she asked me to untie them as she helped him take off his jeans. This put me kneeling in front of him when his slacks fell and my face was right in his crotch and his hard cock was pressing against his underwear at eye level.

We all waited to see what I would do when Kath said; "Just stroke it once, trust me it won't bite.

Something possessed me as I reached out and covered the length of his hard cock with my fingers. I couldn't believe it, it felt OK, not natural, but about then Kath covered my hand with hers and squeezed my fingers and together we stroked his length.

"See, nobody burst into flames and admit it, both of you, it feels good doesn't it. Steve?" He can only close his eyes and nod.

"Ben, it feels hot, hot and hard, but soft at the same time doesn't it?" She asks removing my hand.

Unable to speak I too can only nod my head yes.

"OK now you Steve, help me take his underwear off."

"Just do it love, trust me." She urges him on.

As she gently guides his hands to the sides of my underwear he is the one who pulls them down and my cock pops free almost hitting him in the mouth. 

The room is deadly silent and after what seems like forever Kath whispers, well done boys, now me.

Steve rises to caress her breasts as I am drawn lower to her shorts and opening them they fall to the floor with everything else piled there and bury my face in her fragrant garden covered by her matching panties. I never realized just how wonderful her aroma was until I experienced others. I have never inhaled the scent of woman's most personal place that wasn't fine, but Kath was the best. 

"Bed, now." Was Kath's command.

As we three tumbled into bed Kath she easily fell into the middle with Steve kissing her and having removed her bra has both hands caressing one of her breasts. I am pulling down her panties and after pressing the crotch of them to my nose pass them to Steve and he does the same.

"Smells like heaven, doesn't it?" I ask as I lean forward to bury my nose in her bright red hair. 

This was the 60's and women wore lingerie and had hair on their womanhood. I miss those days!

But as I ran my face down between her legs tasting her was all I had on my mind. As my tongue separated her lips and found her opening I heard her moan and spread her legs for me. I reached behind her to grab her by the ass cheeks and she lifted her hips to meet my kiss. I kissed her and easily slipped my tongue into her as Steve was kissing her and making love to her breasts. Between us we were maybe unconsciously trying to bring her so much pleasure that she would forget our promise to try anything once. 

With the taste of her in my mouth I lifted just enough to find her clit standing up throbbing between her lips easily seen through them and her hair. I loved eating pussy and Kath had the perfect one. I could easily cover it in its' entirety, my tongue inside her grotto and my upper lip teasing her clit. Lost in the joy of pleasuring her with my lips and tongue I look up to see Steve with his cock in her mouth!

That bastard was reaping the fruits of my licking! Momentarily jealous I stopped my savoring of Kathy's juicy pussy but nearing orgasm she pulled my head back into her and moving her hips and pelvis seductively I returned to pleasuring her, but could not take my eyes off Steve's cock moving in and out of her mouth as she pleasured him.

As she reached her orgasm she arched her back and turning her head from his cock came loudly moaning: "Oh God Benny you do that like no other! Come up here and let me do the same for you. Stevie, fulfill your dream and slide your hot cock between my breasts."

Not wanting to leave the wonder of her mouth Steve moved and holding her grand tits together slid his wet cock between them fulfilling a long time dream. I quickly moved to the place left by him not realizing that this placed us side by side. And I mean side by side as she pressed us together so that we felt each other's sweaty body against our own. On our knees on the uneven surface of the pile of pillows she kept on her bed we were in a precarious position and were forced to hold on to each other. Somehow she found a way that I had Steve by an ass cheek and after his initial shock I could almost feel his ass relaxing in my grip. 

We were both caught up in our own pleasure but almost equally enjoying watching what the other was doing.

I am not sure about him but I was mesmerized watching his red cock head appear and disappear between Kath's big tits. Her nipples were as big as silver dollars and a dark red, almost matching her hair.

Redder still was Steve's cock head as it worked between the hills of her breasts.

"I need to be fucked, and in my pussy. Steve, you are doing fine, but how about doing it a little lower? For me, please baby?" She coyly asks. As coy as someone can be having just removed a cock from her mouth.

Hoping he is quick as I want to get my cock back in the heaven of her mouth and experience more of that tongue and lip action. I didn't know where she learned all this, but thought "thank you sir!". Remembering her story amended that to "sirs".
