 Hi, my name is Joe. I'll be the narrator for this tale.

A couple of years ago, I, and my wife, Helen, decided we didn't need to try & keep up the old house anymore. Our three kids were all grown up and moved out on their own. The old place was getting to be too much for the two of us. Helen and I still worked, at the time, and it seemed like all of our spare time was used up with house & yard.

So, we sold it off and bought a little cottage in one of the gated communities in the area. It was great. The community had a team of yard folks to take care of everything outside. Although if you didn't want to wait two days for the snow team to show, get a small blower for your drive.

The community had a central recreation center with tennis courts (Helens game), basketball courts and a swimming pool. The golf course was about a mile down the road and a shuttle carried folks back & forth from the rec center.

Then, Helen and I decided to retire. All we owned was paid for and we both had sizeable holdings, so I left the wild world of IT and she quit her retail business position and we officially became "Old People". Well, if you can call 67 and 61 old. Helen stayed pretty fit. Her job had her on her feet most of the day and, like I said, she made good use of the tennis courts. She is a tall slender woman almost to the point of being skinny. As her hair started to turn grey, she started to get blond coloring to cover it, but as the years went by she now just lets it be. I like a round of golf, every now and then, and we both made use of the equipment at the rec center & the pool. We no longer had six-pack abs and a few things had started to sag, but we were in pretty good shape.

While we were working, we were only occasional users of the facilities. After we retired we started to spend more time around the rec center and take walks around the community and on the hiking trails. We started talking about taking a couple of ocean cruises, and one day, while Helen was at the center, waiting for the visiting travel agent, she got to talking with some of her tennis buddies and learned about the Sunrise Club. Apparently, a group of community members gathered at the Rec Center once a month for breakfast and recreational activities afterwards. They even took trips together.

Helen told me about it that night at dinner, saying the way her friends talked; they had a lot of fun. She was wondering what one did to get an invite to the breakfast.

The next morning, after 9 holes of golf, I was sitting with Brad and Roger sipping a cold beer and chewing the fat. I asked them if they knew about the Sunrise Club. They asked how I knew about it and I told them what Helen had learned the day before. Brad told me, pretty much, the same info Helen had brought home, so I didn't really learn anything more, but Brad said he'd check on the info and let me know.

I told Helen what I had learned and we decided to wait for more info before investigating further. A couple of days later, I had, almost, forgotten about it, when we were walking to the center to use the pool. Brad and, his wife, JoAnn, came out of their house as we walked by and joined us on our walk. 

"Hi, Joe & Helen," Brad said, "Glad we ran into you. Listen, Thursday morning, some folks are getting together for breakfast at the rec center. How about you two joining us? I think, you'll find it fun."

"Yes," said JoAnn, "This Thursday is Dance Day. After breakfast, they have a DJ that plays the music from the 50's and 60's." She giggled, "The only rule is that you can't dance with your own spouse. It's a great way to get to know people." 

"Yeah," said Brad, "And JoAnn gets to flirt as much as she wants." He chuckled.

"Oh, you!" said JoAnn, "You get your share." They were both laughing about it.

Helen and I looked at each other and both said, "Sure!" "It sounds like fun," said Helen, "But can't I dance at least once with Joe?"

"You can try," said, Brad. "But," said JoAnn "Someone will catch you and cut in. Just think, Helen, you'll get to feel up all the old studs. It's lots of fun."

Helen gave me a funny sideways glance. "Okay," she said, "We'll have to see how it goes, but it does sound interesting."

We continued along the walk to the center with Brad and JoAnn, chatting about all kinds of things. Brad and I discussed the foursome on the greens the following afternoon.

That evening, after supper, Helen and I were sitting on the deck; having a glass of wine and watching the world go by. "What do you think about Thursday morning, Love?" she asked me.

"I think it will be a fun way to meet a whole bunch of people we don't know." I said. "Since we've retired, we haven't made it to many of the mixers, they hold, at the Center. I think we should go for it and see how it works"

"Well, I wish I could dance with you too." She said, "I love to dance with you. This sounds like one of those old parties where girls had a dance card that the guys all signed up for."

"If we don't like how it is going, we can always leave early." I said, with a grin. "Besides, it will be interesting to dance with that many different women."

Helen slapped my arm. "Actually, "she said, "It makes me feel like I'm looking forward to a first date."

Neither of us is above a little flirting with other partners when we were out partying, but we always came home together. Both of us traveled for our jobs, over the years and I'll admit to some interesting sexy hotel room parties, but she and I never discussed things like that when we were together. I don't know if she participated in those kinds of parties or not – and really don't care. We were still deeply in love with one another. We had an active sex life, maybe not lasting all night like when we were younger, but we still had a lot of fun.

So, Wednesday came and went. Bright and early, Thursday morning, we were walking out of the cottage and heading for the center. Helen was wearing her yellow sundress with the halter top and short skirt. She had some matching flats she said were good for dancing. I opted for a loose Hawaiian shirt and white chino shorts with some white buck loafers. We were almost past Brad and JoAnn's house when they called to us from their front porch.

"Hey, guys, wait up! We'll walk in with you." called Brad. He was outfitted like me in shirt and shorts, but JoAnn had on a light blue long jersey shift that clung nicely to her. I noticed that there weren't any bra or panty lines showing. Helen and I waited for them to catch up and we walked on to the center together.

"So," I asked, "Any tips on how to work this dance?"

"Just go with the flow." Said Brad, chuckling, "But you are the new guys and folks are going to swarm around you for dances. Look out, Helen, Joe going to see a bit of T & A this morning."

"And," said JoAnn, "Watch out for Bill EIchter, Helen. He has more hands than brains. In that sundress, though, some guys are going to try & find what's under it."

Helen & I looked at one another. I raised an eyebrow at her to ask if this was really a good idea. She smiled at me and said, "Hey – let's give it a try. We might be surprised."

"That's the spirit," said Brad, "Keep an open mind and have fun with it."

We got to the center and a small crowd of people were already there, standing around chatting while waiting for the buffet to open. Jerry & Sue Wilson saw us come in and came over to greet us.

"Hey, Brad, Joe," said Jerry, "Glad you could join us this morning. Hope you have your dancing shoes on." Jerry was wearing a loose T-shirt from some old rock band and his wife was in a tank top and very short, tight, white skirt. I wasn't sure of her age, but she fit nicely in that outfit.

The doors to the buffet opened and we moved in to form lines for the food. It was a standard buffet with steamer trays keeping meats, scrambled eggs and fired potatoes hot. There were a couple of fry cooks on small grills at the end of the counter whipping up custom omelets. We got our food and gathered at a table by the windows.

"Joe, you need to find Helen some kind of stick." Said Sue, She is going to be beating men away from that pretty yellow sundress."

"Oh, lord," said Helen. "This is sounding more & more like the old frat parties we used to go to in college. Just how many men are here today?"

"Well," said Jerry, "All the men are attached. There are no singles invited to the breakfasts, although there is one couple who have never been formally married. They've been living together for the past 46 years. Looking around, I'm guessing, there are about 35 couples here. Not all of them will stay for the whole dance though. By the time it ends, we'll be down to 15 – 20 couples."

"How long does that take?" I asked.

"They'll open the ball room in about 25 minutes." said Brad, "The DJ will play for an hour and a half. Then the Sunrise Club members get together for their shindig."

Helen frowned. "So this breakfast and dance isn't part of the Sunrise Club?" she asked.

The table got very quiet. Jerry & Brad were looking at each other, expectantly. Sue was looking out the window and JoAnn was getting a little exasperated.

"Well, no . . ." said Jerry.

"Uuumm, we need to . . ." Brad started.

"Oh, crap" said JoAnn, looking at Brad and Jerry. "I knew you two couldn't handle this."

Sue was giggling behind her napkin. "Yeah," she said, I was wondering when you two were going to spill the beans."

Helen and I sat back, watching the four of them. "So," I asked, "Is there some secret going on here? What's with you guys?"

JoAnn took a swallow of her orange juice and faced Helen and I directly. "I knew these two buffoons couldn't do this." She said. "I had hoped I piqued Helens interest when I mentioned the club, the other day. When Joe asked the guys about it, we figured it was time to see how interested you were. We are member of the Sunrise Club. We asked the other members about it and they agreed you should be invited to the breakfast and dance this morning."

Sue spoke up. "You were invited to the dance this morning is to see how well you mix with the others. JoAnn and I have been trying to drop hints about what you will experience this morning, during the dance. You are both going to experience some serious sexual advances. The women will be coming on to Joe. Helen, you will be fondled & cuddled constantly. We have some guys that can make a slow dance super erotic."

"Members will be watching to see how receptive you are." Said JoAnn. "By the end of the dance, if you haven't left earlier, you may be asked to stay with the remaining group for the sexy times. And, by the way, all clothes will be removed about 20 minutes later. There, now it's out and you probably want to just get up and leave. I just hope we haven't spoiled our friendship after this,"

Helen and I sat there a couple of minutes in silence. We were both looking around the table at the two couples who looked like they had just told their best friends to bugger off.

"Okay," I said, "Do you mind if Helen and I take a walk for a few minutes? I promise we'll be back in time for the dancing to start."

Brad looked a little relieved and said "Yep, you go right ahead."

I took Helens hand and led her from the dining area. We sat on one of the small couches in the entry way. 

Helen looked into my eyes. "What do you think we should do?" she asked. We had never talked or discussed swinging. We were always happy with each other and our sex life was wonderful, as far as senior sex goes. Neither of us is very judgmental. If other folks wanted to play the fields, and we had known a few couples who dallied on the wrong side of the mattress, we just kept them as friends. Now we were being asked if we were willing to participate in some sort of group grope or more.

"Well," I said, "We can always just dance and cut out before it gets to decision time. I don't think it will change anyone's perception of us if we don't want to play the swinging game. What do you think?"

"Do we have to make a decision right now?" she asked. "Can we see how the dancing goes and make a decision later?"

"You heard what Sue said," I responded. "I'm apparently going to have some women crawling on me and you are going to be a hands-on target for a lot of men. Can we handle that?"

"I think we should try it out." She said. "Let's just get together and trade notes every now and then and we can make our choice before it gets to the end of the dance. I hate to just prude out and leave our friends in a lurch after they vouched for us. Do you think you can stand seeing some men man handling me?" she asked with a smile.

"I guess if you can stand watching me playing feelies with other women." I chuckled.

"OK, then," she said, standing and taking my hand. "Let's go mingle and dance and see what happens. And – just know that I'm in love you and I'm going home today with you." As I stood up she stepped up to me, wrapped an arm around my neck and one around my waist, and kissed me with one of those "write home about" kisses. "Come on," she said, "Let's go dance."

We walked back in the dining room and back to our table. As we came up to the table, we watched four faces adopt a relieved look. Helen walked around and took both women's hands. "We're curious now," she said, "We want to see what happens, and we want to dance. We'll see how the rest goes, later."

As I sat down, I reached over and shook hands with Jerry and Brad. "Yep," I said, "We're always up for dancing and the rest is to be determined."

Jerry smiled and said, "Great. I think you'll have a really good time this morning."

About that time, the doors to the ballroom opened and the music was already playing. Another, sometimes golfing partner, Larry, came out through the doors and called, "Okay, everyone, the music is ripping and time to start tripping. Grab some woman who ain't your Significant Other and hit the floor."

Everyone laughed and started to leave their tables, heading into the ballroom. As I was standing up, Brad reached over and grabbed Helens hand. "I got mine!" he cried.

JoAnn Jumped up and ran over to another table and grabbed a tall lanky bald-headed guy. Sue reached over and grabbed my hand, wrapping my arm around her shoulders & tucking herself in close to me. "Hey, there, Handsome." she laughed. "Wanna go cut a rug?"

I looked to Jerry, but he was heading off towards another table. I looked down at Sue and laughed. "Okay, Babe – Let's boogie." I swung her around and guided her to the ballroom door. As we entered the ballroom, the floor was already crowding with people. The music was an old slow 60's tune that you could cuddle your date up and ease around the floor. Sue lost no time in molding herself to me, wrapping both arms around my waist and laying her head against my chest. Sue wasn't that tall, her brunette hair just bumping my chin. Earlier I hadn't thought she was that well built in her halter top, but as we danced and she moved against me, I could feel her perky breast rubbing just above my stomach. And, she did like to rub against me, often sliding one of her legs between mine. 

Her constant contact was starting to get a rise out of me and I was initially a little concerned, but then I remembered that was part of the whole routine this morning. The women were supposed to turn the men on and vice versa. So, I let my hands rub her back and down over her rump as we danced.

As we danced I looked around the floor and found Helen and Brad across the room. Helen is almost as tall as Brad and had her face buried in his neck. The way she moved her head I could tell she was giggling like crazy either from something she heard or something she saw. I saw JoAnn and her partner standing somewhat still and just moving to the music. JoAnn was actually facing away from her partner, backed up tight against him and doing some dirty dancing moves. He had his arms around her; his hands seemed to be holding up her beasts.

About that time the music changed to a nice rock & roll beat. Sue stepped back from me and we started and easy movement that soon had her backing into me and egging my hard-on with her ass rubbing up and down. She looked at me over her shoulder with heavily lidded eyes. "It looks like someone agrees with the dance routines this morning." She said with a smile.

I took the chance to look around the room again. Helen was dancing with another man who I didn't know. She looked over at me, seeing what Sue was doing, smiled and gave me a wink. Then she started a dirty dance routine with her partner. Brad had disappeared, but JoAnn was dancing with Jerry and had her long dress hiked up over her knees so she could accomplish some moves. Sue had turned to face me and was dancing close, doing a shoulder shimmy to wiggle the points of her breasts against my chest. These women weren't kidding when they said the sexual advances during the dance would get heavy.

After that song, I told Sue I needed a pit stop. I actually needed to go somewhere and rearrange the hard dick I was sporting. I didn't mind it showing that much as long as it wasn't painful. She gave me a kiss on the cheek and headed off to find another partner. I went into the men's room, stepped up to a urinal and unzipped to straighten out. As I was pulling the hard dick up, Brad stepped out of a stall. Seeing me, he laughed and said "Yep, I have to come in here to relieve the tension, myself. I think you'll find guys doing that all morning."

I didn't have to pee, so once I had it out of the painful position, I tucked back in. Brad held the door for me and we walked back into the ball room. JoAnn came running up to us.

"Brad," she said. "Helen got stuck with Bill Elchter. Go cut in!" We looked and saw Helen dancing with a stocky guy. She was currently pushing his hands down from the sides of her breasts. She held his hands and stepped back from him, and I could tell from her face, what she was saying wasn't very nice. Brad rushed over and tapped him on the left shoulder. As Bill looked around, brad moved around his right, took Helen's hands, and danced her away from Bill. Bill stood there looking like he was going to chase after them, but then turned and walked towards another group of people. Brad danced Helen over to where JoAnn and I were standing. Helen was still looking a little miffed. 

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yes, but I could do with a lot more Brads and Toms and Ralphs and Jerrys, and a whole lot less with him." She said. She looked at me and said, "And how are you doing with all of this?"

I chuckled. "Well Sue got me excited enough I had to go rearrange. Are you enjoying yourself?"

"I haven't danced like this, or been handled like this since our last frat parties." She giggled. "It's been fun. I just have to watch for Mister Grabby Hands, there and keep my distance."

JoAnn spoke up. "I'm sorry, you had to experience him." She said. "But, if you stay around for the sexy times, you'll see why we let him stay with the group. Anyway," she said, grabbing my arm, "I haven't had a chance with this fella, yet, and they're playing a nice slow foxtrot. Come on, Joe, me boyo, you're on." She pulled me onto the floor and plastered herself to me. I wrapped my arms around her and started to lead her around. She reached up and grabbed my arms, pulling them down so my hands were firmly on her ass checks. With my hands on her back, I could tell there was no bra involved, and when my hands hit her ass, I could tell there was nothing under that Jersey, but JoAnn.

I looked back to Helen, but Brad had passed her off to another man and they seemed to be wrapped up in each other and whispering back & forth.

After the dance with JoAnn ended, a rather voluptuous redhead, named Cathy, stepped up to take her place. JoAnn moved over to Cathy's old partner and we started a slow rock song that soon had us rubbing and feeling frisky again. The rest of the two-hour dance session ran pretty much the same. I danced, fondled and got fondled by more than a dozen women. I know Helen was passed from partner to partner and got pretty much the same. We would meet up in a corner to check on each other and make sure everything was OK. I could see she was getting pretty worked up and I was feeling pretty frisky. With about 15 minutes left of the dance session, I got her attention and motioned her to a side bench where we could chat.
