 Alice took the book from its glass topped case on the pedestal sitting beside their bedroom dresser. Its weathered leather cover, inscribed with a pentagram pierced by a phallus, exuded age.

"This belonged to my great-great-great grandmother," she whispered in a reverent tone. She stood holding the book, intent green eyes locked on the cover. Her raven hair flowed down to the middle of her back, accenting her brown skin.

"The one who was burned in Salem?" Jack, sitting on the bed, grinned at his bride.

"The very one." Alice sat beside her husband, cradling the book on her lap. "It's her spell book."

"So she really was a witch?" Jack edged closer to Alice, putting his arm around her shoulders.

Alice shrugged. "Maybe. Witches are not what everyone believes they are." 

"I know." Jack smiled. "I'm married to one."

Alice shot him a smile before turning her attention back to the book. She opened it carefully. For being well over two hundred years old the book was in remarkably good condition. The pages were old and yellowed with time, but not brittle. The first page had the same roughly drawn pentagram and phallus as the cover held. Scrawled under the oddly sexual symbol in brown ink was a short inscription in a strange language.

"What does that say?" Jack leaned down to look at it closer.

"It's in Gaelic. It say's 'I lamha ceart thiocfaidh chun bheith gach rud soileir' or 'In the right hands all becomes clear' or something like that. Gaelic is hard to translate."

"What does that even mean?" 

"Well, judging by the word choice, I would say it means this book gives knowledge if read correctly, but that is just a guess."

"Is the whole book written in Gaelic?" Jack peered closer at the book. It was thick, but the pages seemed thicker than most paper so maybe it didn't have as many pages as he first thought.

"Yep!"

"And have you read it?"

"Some, but most of it makes no sense. Here let me show you."

Alice turned several pages, finally stopping on an illustration of a man with an enormous penis that hung down past his knees. There was more of the Gaelic writing below the illustration.

"This one says, 'Oysters and calf testicles mixed and applied with care on newborn yields uncommon results when done with the' I can't read this word but it continues, 'incantation of male succubi.'" 

"I thought all succubi were women. But damn, if you could make me hung like that, imagine the fun we could have."

"I wouldn't want a monster like that in my kitty. Besides I would have had to start twenty-six years ago." Alice gave Jack a playful slug in the arm, but her eyes drifted back to the illustration.

"Oh come on, Alice, are you saying that if I had a cock like that you wouldn't let me fuck your brains out?"

"Well, you are big enough as it is, but I guess if YOU had that kind of equipment, I'd have to get used to it. But you might not ever bottom out in me like you do now and I sure as hell couldn't deep throat you like I can now."

"You are the only woman I've met that can deep throat me." Jack smiled at his wife.

"Megan could."

"Maybe. She hasn't tried."

"She will eventually. Probably sooner than later."

Alice smiled at her husband. His rugged good looks, with naturally curly short black hair and deep brown eyes made her want him. She tore her eyes away and flipped a page and then another. She stopped on a page with a picture of a group of succubi dancing around a nude man strapped to a pole. A woman sat on the ground in front of the man. She was reaching up and holding his normal sized cock as if presenting it to the succubi. 

"What does this page say?" he asked studying an obviously curvaceous succubus.

Alice giggled. "It's kind of naughty. It says 'Celebrate all hallows eve by giving yourself over to lust. Please them with your mouth and...' I can't read that word, then 'to seal the pact. Taken by many...' or maybe 'all, your power will grow.' It loses a lot in translation." 

She turned the page to show another picture depicting the woman being double penetrated by two decidedly male demons while her husband, lying beside them had a female demon straddling his hips and another on his face.

"This page says, 'Consummate the pact to seal your...' Hmm, I don't know that word either. There is a lot of that in here.

Jack studied the page for a moment. "Hey go back." Alice flipped the page back and Jack nodded. "Look at this. On this page there are male demons too. Maybe there are male succubi and this is them."

Alice studied the page for a moment. Raising her eyebrows she exclaimed, "You're right. I'd never noticed that before."

Jack leaned over and kissed Alice on the neck. "Your dirty book has my juices flowing. Wanna fool around?"

Alice giggled. "Let me put the book up. I don't want to get any of your 'juices' on it." She grinned as she took the book to its case and closed the glass top.

Turning she found Jack standing right in front of her. He slid his hands down her sides to the bottom of her blouse and then pulled it up over her head. She raised her arms to let him pull it off. Tossing her blouse onto the floor he reached around her and unsnapped her bra, pulling it forward and freeing her full breasts. They stood up on their own, swaying just a little as she leaned forward. Her bronze skin gleamed. No tan lines distracted from her beauty. Her breasts stood proud on her chest, capped with dark areola and even darker nipples that were poking out and inviting.

Alice wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down to a kiss. Their tongues touched and then slid past each other to explore the other's mouth. Jack slid one hand around to cup her bare globe, letting his thumb brush over her dark nipple. His other hand dropped down to cup her bottom. She pushed him back onto the bed and then straddled his lap.

"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked in a sultry tone.

"Yes." Jack leaned forward and took her nipple into his mouth.

"Do you want to drive your hard cock deep into my pussy and make me scream?"

He pulled back. "Yes."

"Tell me. Tell me how you want to fuck me. Tell me how you are going to make me cum."

"I'm going to pound your pussy so good, baby. I'm going to fill you with my cum 'till it drips down your legs. I'm going to fuck you until you can't breathe."

Alice pushed back from Jack, standing in front of him. "Then I better get these off." She unbuttoned her shorts and pushed them and her sexy underwear off her trim hips, revealing her bare pussy as she dropped them to the floor and stepped out of them. Her legs were toned, fit and freshly shaved. The skin tone of her hips was again flawless and unbroken by tan lines. She smiled at Jack who had removed his shirt but was still working on his pants. Without waiting for him she climbed back onto his lap and pushed him down forcing him to lie on the bed.

"Wait, I'm not undressed." Jack laughed as she straddled him.

"We can take care of that later. Right now you are going to eat my pussy until I cum." She wiggled her way up until her crotch was right above his mouth and then she squatted, forcing her smooth sex onto his face.

"That's it, eat my pussy. Taste my juices, see how wet I am."

Jack attacked her pussy, licking and sucking on her distended lips. She ground down on him while gripping his hair with both hands and pulling him up to her. He forced his tongue deeper into her, fucking her with it. His hands slid up her body to caress her breasts. He tweaked her nipples, pulling and twisting them gently. 

"Oh fuck yeah, suck my pussy. Stick your tongue in there. Now, suck my clit. Do it baby, make me cum. You know you want it, suck it. Do it baby, make me cum."

Alice arched her back as her passion grew. Her juice flooded Jack's mouth and he swallowed urgently. Panting, Alice rode his face as her orgasm took her. She threw her head back, moaning in ecstasy. Then she slumped forward, energy spent for a moment. Below her Jack patted her round ass to remind her that she was still on top of him. Alice rolled off and he exaggerated a gasp for air.

"Oh hush, I wasn't on you that long." Alice grinned at her husband.

"You know I love it when you do that." Jack smiled at her and then pulled her close to kiss her ruby red lips deeply.

"I like when you do that too. Now get those pants off and fuck me good." She reached down and grabbed his turgid cock through his slacks.

"Yes ma'am!" Jack quickly squirmed out of his remaining clothes. 

Alice rolled onto her back and spread her legs. "Fuck me like a demon, Jack. Fuck me so hard it takes my breath away. Fuck me like you'll never fuck anyone again in your life."

Jack maneuvered himself between her legs, lining up his cock with her entrance. He pressed forward, inserting just the head of his cock inside her.

"Mmm, don't tease me, Jack. Fuck me. Fuck me good."

With a hard thrust Jack buried his cock in his wife's pussy. He looked down at her, marveling at how beautiful she was and how she always made him feel so good. She reached up and pulled him down. Their lips met. Tongues entwining, they moved in perfect harmony. Alice wrapped her legs around him, holding him inside her. She matched his rhythm, pressing her hips up to meet him as he pumped down into her. 

"Come inside me, Jack. Fill me with your cum. Would you like to make a baby in me? I would let you. I would give you a son if you want, lover. Come on baby, cum inside my pussy. I'm so hot for you."

Jack stiffened, ramming his cock deep into her pussy as he climaxed, shooting his cum deep into his wife's womb. He held himself inside her until his orgasm subsided and his cock began to deflate. Alice held him in her arms, caressing his back. After a few minutes Jack pushed himself off of her and rolled to the side.

"Did you like that, lover?" Alice asked with a smile.

"You blow my mind, every time."

"Do I? Are you sure you weren't fantasizing about fucking a succubus or maybe one of the other women in the coven? Maybe tiny little Megan?"

"I'm sure." Jack grinned at her but a serious look swept over Alice's face.

"All hallows eve is coming, Jack."

"Yes, just a few days now."

"Last year ..."

"I'm not the same man I was last year baby."

"I know you say that. I don't want to hurt you."

Jack smiled at his wife. "Look, I was newly married to you and I didn't understand."

Alice started to speak but he put a finger to her lips and continued, "I know. You explained it to me before we married, but having something like that explained and seeing it are very different things. It was tough but I've worked my way through it. I'm on board now."

Alice nodded. "That's good. This All Hallows Eve we are going to do something a little different."

Jack's eyebrows went up. "You're not having an orgy?"

"It wasn't an orgy last year. Not technically. I mean I can see how you saw it that way, but everything was scripted and according to ceremony."

"Nine people having sex every possible way technically qualifies as an orgy to me." 

Alice punched Jack in the shoulder playfully. "It would have been ten if you had stayed."

"I really wish I had. November and December were the worst months of my life."

"I'm sorry, Jack. They were bad for me too."

"No worries. It's all in the past. So if you're not having an orgy this year what are you doing?"

"Well, it's why I showed you the book. We are doing a summoning."

"A what?"

"A summoning. We are going to summon a succubus to celebrate All Hallows Eve with us."

"What!" Jack's eyes went wide. "You are going to summon a demon? Holy shit! You can't be serious."

"We are Jack. We don't know if it will work because there are so many parts of the book we don't understand, but we are going to try."

"Wow!" He brushed his hand through his hair. What really frightened him the most was that he knew Alice really believed in this witchcraft stuff. And she had the pedigree for it as well. Not to mention some of the things he'd seen since he married her had convinced him there was more to her witchcraft than he could explain.

"Um there is one more thing I should tell you." Alice looked at him, her eyes locked on his.

"Okay"

"Since the book is mine and I'm the most powerful witch in the coven, I'm going to be the nexus for the ceremony."

"Okay, and what does that mean?"

Alice looked at him and then grinned. "Well I don't want to give you all the details. You'll have to see for yourself. It does involve sex. Lots of sex, but if you are really okay with me being in the coven, then you should be okay with this. Besides, you may get to meet a real life succubus. She might even fuck you." ---

Promptly at seven o'clock on October thirtieth Alice stepped from the bathroom into the bedroom where Jack was waiting. She smiled at the obvious lust in Jack's eyes and spun around in front of him.

"You like?" she asked.

"Holy shit! You really look like a witch! The sexiest witch I've ever seen."

Alice put her hands on her hips. "I really 'look' like a witch? Babe, I am a witch."

"Sorry, honey, I didn't mean it that way. I know you really are a witch, but most days you... what I mean is... Tell you what, I'm just going to shut up and ogle you, okay?"

Alice laughed. She looked down at the long black dress she was wearing. The material was sheer enough to hint at everything it covered, even though that wasn't a lot. It had long sleeves split all the way up to the shoulder but tied at the wrist. The neckline plunged down below her belly button, exposing the insides of her breasts while just barely hiding her areola. The back plunged as well, all the way down to just barely above her buttocks. The dress was also split on both sides all the way up to the waist. With the nearly transparent fabric she had not worn any underwear to possibly show through, but that decision allowed other, more private, parts to be nearly completely exposed.

"With that dress, you would be the star of any party."

"I'll only be wearing it until ten. That is when the ceremony will begin."

"Ten? I expected it to start at midnight. Isn't that the witching hour?"

"Yes, but we want the ceremony to end at midnight. That way the Succubus can be here for the entire All Hallows Eve. We will be celebrating for twenty four hours."

"I don't know that I can last that long." 

"Hmm, I may have a witch's brew that will give you just what you need." Alice gave him a wicked smile. "But you'll have to wait until the party to get it. I don't want you too frisky before we get there. Now stand up and let me see what you're wearing."

Jack stood showing off his gray slacks, black shoes and socks, deep gray button down shirt, open at the collar, with a gray jacket that matched his slacks. Alice came up to him, letting her fingers tipped with long ruby red nails drift down his shirt front until she cupped his cock in her hand. 

"No underwear?"

Jack shook his head, "Just like my witch ordered."

"Good boy." Alice leaned forward on her tip toes and kissed him. "Don't forget to bring the supplies for my potion." She pointed to a large cloth grocery bag that had several gallon containers and various jars full of powders. She swatted his behind as he picked up the sack. "I can't wait to get you out of your clothes, but you have to promise to obey any command I give you. It doesn't matter if you find it odd or even off-putting, you must do as I say or you could ruin the summoning. All of the rest of the coven have sworn to do the same."

"Even Adam?"

Alice laughed. "Yes, even Adam, although he only gave in grudgingly."

"I bet." Jack leaned down to kiss his wife. "You're going to fuck him tonight aren't you?"

"Yes. Are you sure you're okay with this?"

"Do I have any choice? No, I'm sorry. Yes, yes, I am okay with this." Jack took a deep breath.

"You're going to get fucked too and not just by me." Alice studied him, her eyes pleading with him to really be okay.

Jack smiled. "I'd be happy just getting you. But hey! A little strange is always nice too."

Alice gave him a stern look. "You can't just fuck any girl you want, you know."

"Just the one's you say, huh?"

"Just the one's in the coven. They are my sisters and we share. Well and the warlock's wives as well, but they are like you, really, a part of the group."

"And you only fuck the guys in the group too?"

"You know that's true. I would never cheat on the coven."

"I know, Alice, and I'm really okay with this." He forced a smile onto his face and picked up the large cloth grocery sack. "Shall we go? You don't want to be late for your own party."

---

They arrived at the coven house, a large gothic styled two-story home on a corner lot. Two stone gargoyles guarded the sidewalk that led to the large, intricately worked, front door. Alice didn't knock. There was no need because this house belonged to her as much as anyone in the coven. The door opened into a foyer with high vaulted ceilings. A spectacular chandelier was suspended in the center of the room over a worked tile floor that depicted a woman being taken by a group of men.

Jack had been there before. This would actually be his fourth visit. The first time he'd rushed out and thrown up outside the front door. It wasn't a pleasant memory. The second visit had been after he and Alice had reconciled. She'd brought him to the spring equinox celebration. Everyone present had stripped. The witches had created a brew and everyone had imbibed just a single glass. Instantly the potion, a thick slightly bitter concoction, had mellowed him, filling him with a warm glow. He'd watched as Adam, the highest ranking warlock in the coven, lined the witches up on their hands and knees before fucking each of the witches in the coven, in their order of standing; Alice first, then Olivia, and finally Megan. All of the witches were married; none to Adam. As Adam fucked Olivia, Deven, the only other warlock in the coven fucked Alice. Neither warlock ejaculated during this part of the ceremony and as soon as Deven finished with Alice she had rushed back to Jack, falling into his arms. 

After that the group sat on their mats and discussed the spring equinox as if nothing had just happened and they weren't all just sitting there nude. Jack had thought it was over but then Adam stood up. He'd made a sign in the air that hung after he'd completed it. Alice stood, reaching a hand toward the symbol and it glowed brighter, changing from golden to bright red. She added her own lines to the strange symbol and it grew more intense for a moment and then faded back to gold as her lines evaporated. Alice turned and went back to her mat.

Olivia stood and moved to the symbol. Her long dirty blonde hair cascaded over tanned shoulders. Like Alice she had no tan lines. From where he sat, Jack saw just a thin line of blonde pubic hair above her shaved slit. She was shorter than Alice by several inches but well proportioned with breasts that looked large on her slim frame. She reached up a hand and added lines to Adam's spell. Once again it changed from gold to red but Olivia's lines did not fade, they twisted, conforming to Adam's. The symbol grew, expanding from a two dimensional form to have depth and Adam and Olivia stepped inside. The warlock and witch came together. Adam lifted her by the waist and sat her down on his rigid shaft, impaling her. She wrapped her legs around him and leaned away, her outstretched hands clinging to his shoulders. Bucking wildly, Olivia rode Adam in a frenzy. 

Jack had looked over at Olivia's husband, Paul. He was white as a sheet and his hands were clenched in fists. Jack looked back and saw the glee on Adam's face. He was staring right at Paul.

"What's going on?" Jack had asked Alice in a whisper.

"Olivia will have Adam's baby. He is making her pregnant. That is what the spell is. It assures fertility." She'd whispered back. "Now shush, I'll explain when we get home."
