 Tom sat in the living room on the couch enjoying the warm breeze that came in from the opened windows. He was glad he had taken off work early today for several reasons. The weather played just a minor part in those reasons. It was beautiful outside with the sun shining bright and the temperature a perfect 75 degrees.

Sitting there on the couch, he breathed in deep. The air smelled of summer things like grass and flowers and the heat from the sun coming through felt great on his face.

He looked out the window as his mind drifted back to the day he came home and that window was closed to the outside world. It was only last week when he came home to his wife and she had surprised him with an amazing night filled with more pleasure than he'd had in a long time. 

He smiled as he remembered how it felt to be taken control of and tied down while his ass had been fucked for the first time by a real cock. 

Gina had really outdone herself that night. After the first wonderful orgasm, she proceeded to punish him for being unable to stop himself from cumming. He can't remember how many times he came that night. Cock after cock filled his ass and mouth after mouth sucked his cock. When she was done with him he felt so wonderfully drained and exhausted from pleasure. 

He'd admit to anyone he was sore and tender but in that "just had the fuck of my life" kind of way. A feeling he wouldn't have traded for anything. She never did confess to who had joined them that night although he asked her repeatedly. She would only smile and ask him what did it matter if he enjoyed himself. He would smile and let it slide. 

He figured he'd find out sooner or later. And he was right. 

He got up off the couch and made his way to the kitchen. There on the counter he picked up the paper he had found only the night before last. It was wrinkled and slightly worn but that didn't matter. What mattered was what was written on it. 

In Gina's handwriting he read the names of his next-door neighbors Becky and James. Below their names, a date and a time, which happened to be the day he came home to be surprised by his wife. When he found it, it had him instantly wondering. Was it the neighbors that joined them that night? He'd been too curious for his own good and just had to find out. Yesterday, while on his break at work, he called James. 

They'd been neighbors for ten years now and during that time neighbors turned into friends. James was one of his best buddies and they did everything from watching the super bowl to fishing together. Had they now moved on to being fuck buddies too? The idea excited Tom.

James was an average looking guy. Not too bad looking at all really with his brown hair and rugged looks. He was built about the same as Tom who was 6-foot 185lbs or so.

Now Becky on the other hand was stunning. Gina was a beautiful woman but Becky just had that "fuck me" look all the time. 

Tom and Gina had once discussed that they imagined James and Becky must have an incredible sex life. 

Tom's call to James proved just how incredible it was. He asked James what he'd been doing that night and James just laughed and asked why? Tom said he was just curious because he'd had an amazing night himself. James chuckled and told Tom what he wanted to know. James had fucked him! 

What was more shocking to him though was the entire time he thought he'd had a guy sucking his cock it turned out to be Becky! He'd shot load after load into Becky's mouth and never once thought it was a woman sucking his cock. The thought that Gina had let another woman suck his cock made him love her even more. 

After talking to James more it was decided they would return the favor to Gina, which led to why he was home early today. 

Gina would never be expecting him to be home, let alone that he had figured out who their guests had been. Tonight was going to be her night. He was going to surprise her at the door and tonight her fantasy was going to come to life. 

Tom decided to leave the curtains open. He didn't want Gina thinking something was up. Not that it really mattered because his plans for her would happen in the bedroom today. He'd been careful to pull his car into the garage rather than leaving it out in the driveway so she wouldn't even think he was home.

Tom checked the clock once more before getting ready. 

Gina would be home from work in about 10 minutes. She was a schoolteacher at the elementary school down the street and he knew she usually got home around 3:30pm. It didn't take her long to make the drive. 

While he was dressing for the occasion his phone went off. It was James making sure everything was still a go. Tom told him yes and James said they'd be right over. 

Tom's excitement was building more and more as the time for their fun got closer. He was a bit worried about how Gina would react because her fantasy was a rough one. But he hoped it would play out perfect and in the end she'd be happier for it.

There was a knock at the door and Tom went to let James and Becky in. James, like Tom, was dressed in all black. He had a long sleeve shirt on and black jeans. He wore a pair of black gloves to hide his hands and Tom knew that even his head would soon be covered by the ski mask he held in his hand.

Becky was barely dressed under the coat she wore to hide her outfit. She removed her coat to reveal black lace, barely covering her bulging breasts and a tiny little thong that showed her ass off perfectly. 

She smiled as Tom gave her the once over and asked if he approved. 

He could only nod in response as his eyes found her mouth and he remembered it wrapped around his cock. She chuckled and reached out to run her hands over the hardness that had sprung to life in his pants. He moaned and regretfully removed her hand from his crotch and told her there would be time for that later. Gina was due home any minute. 

They went over the details one last time and had just finished when he heard Gina's car pull into the drive. Becky ran off to the guest room to wait for the signal while he and James slipped their masks on. 

Tom watched Gina walk up the front walk. She was busy finding her keys and didn't even look into the window. He knew she had no clue what was about to happen. He ran down the hall as she unlocked the door and stepped inside. Tom was in the office and James was in the bedroom. He heard her toss her keys down on the table near the front door and close the door behind her. After waiting a minute for her to slip out of her shoes, Tom made a sound in the office. He started to pretend he was going through their desk shoving things on the floor to make enough noise to draw her attention. 

"Tom, is that you?" Gina called out walking down the hall. "Why are you home so early?" she asked. This time her voice was closer to the office door. 

He heard her gasp as she rounded the corner and found him standing there. To her he looked like a man intent on robbing her. He rounded on her and watched a few different expressions cross her face. First shock, then fear and then worry but Tom swore he saw flick of excitement slip in there as well. 

"What are you doing in my house? What do you want?" she asked in a slightly panicked voice. 

Tom slowly looked her up and down. Damn she was hot. Even in her teaching clothes. He didn't remember his teachers ever looking that hot. Gina had on a snug skirt that fit around her hips nice and tight. He couldn't see her ass but he knew it had to look great. She wore a soft pink blouse that buttoned up the front. One button looked a little strained over her breasts and practically begged to be popped by his hand. 

"I'm calling the police!" She said and started to run for the phone down the hall. 

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," Tom said, careful to disguise his voice. "I wouldn't want to hurt that sexy body of yours. It's just too nice to be marked up."

Gina froze in her tracks and he was almost afraid she recognized his voice. Slowly she turned around. Her eyes were big and she did her best to wear a frightened expression. 

But Tom looked at her and knew in an instant she was turned on. This was going to be fun.

"Hurt me?" she asked softly. "You wouldn't really hurt me, right?" 

Tom moved closer to her. She slowly backed herself up against the wall. He reached out and grabbed a handful of her hair causing her to cry out.

"Oh I don't know. You kind of look like you might like it." he said in a gruff voice.

"Please?" she whimpered. "Please, you can have anything in the house just don't hurt me." 

"Anything?" Tom asked as he grinded against her. He made sure she felt his hard on so she knew exactly what he was really asking.

She slowly nodded. "Anything." she answered, "Please just hurry, my husband will be home soon."

Tom decided to use this to his advantage. She didn't want him or her husband for that matter to find this happening. 

"Well we wouldn't want him to get hurt now would we lady?" he said. 

She shook her head the best she could because he still held a handful of her hair in his hand. He pulled tighter on her hair and used his other hand to roughly fondle her breast. He squeezed it hard and grinded against her again.

She cried out and tried to struggle free. 

He almost laughed because he knew she wasn't fighting very hard. In fact he was pretty sure she was dripping wet. Deciding to get on with this he grabbed her and pushed her towards the bedroom. 

"I think it's best we get on with this don't you?" he said roughly. 

It was his signal to James. Right on cue James banged something in the room. 

Gina suddenly tensed in front of him and stopped moving. Tom shoved against her backside. 

"Move it lady!" he ordered. 

When she wouldn't move he reached around her and opened the bedroom door, pushing her into the room. 

She landed on her hands and knees right at James' feet. He looked down at her and then he looked at Tom. 

"What's this?" James asked. 

Tom noticed he changed his voice some too. 

"Something I found in the hall." Tom answered.

James bent down close to Gina.

"Looks better than what I found in here." He told Tom.

Tom watched as James reached out and ran his hand over Gina's ass. He watched her struggle to not wiggle against his hand. Gina loved her ass being touched. 

James then slid his gloved hand up under her skirt to grab her thigh. He must have grabbed it hard because she cried out again.

"I think I want me some of this." he grunted.

"Me too." Tom agreed as he grabbed her hair again forcing her to stand. 

"Strip!" He demanded.

Gina just stood there looking at the ground. 

Tom noticed she was slightly shaking and couldn't tell if it was in excitement or fear. Being she was faced with two men and her fantasy only included one, he thought maybe fear. 

"I SAID STRIP!" He yelled at her. 

She jumped and began to undo the buttons on her blouse. 

"Please don't make me do this." she begged, pausing in her task to try and convince them. "You can take anything you want from the house. I won't even tell my husband I caught you here. Just please don't do this to me. Take what you want and go." She rushed the words together to get them out. 

"Right now what I want is you naked." Tom told her while he reached out, ripping open her blouse. 

All the buttons popped and cascaded to the floor. Gina was left standing there, blouse open and her breasts partly exposed. She had on her white silk bra that barely held her in place. Tom couldn't believe she wore that to school. He breasts were squeezed into it. 

She gasped and tried to cover herself up.

James seemed to read Tom's mind and got right to work. 

"Can't have her covering up that rack." James said grabbing her hands. 

He spun her around, unsnapped her bra and pulled it and her shirt down her arms. He then used the shirt to tie her hands up behind her back. When he was done her turned her back to face Tom. Her beautiful breasts hung free. He couldn't help but notice how hard her nipples were. With his hands still gloved he reached up and took a nipple into each hand. 

She whimpered when he began to pinch them between his fingers and thumbs. 

James moved up close behind her and pulled her at her hips so her ass felt his hard cock against it. He grinded against her ass while Tom pinched and pulled on her nipples. 

Gina cried out. 

Tom had heard that cry before. Gina was enjoying this. He stopped his torture of her nipples. 

"I think she likes this." Tom said to James. "Look how hard these things are." he said as he flicked his fingers over her nipples. 

"No!" she cried out. "Stop this please? I can't bear it."

They both stopped.

James walked over to the side of the bed Gina slept on and grabbed something from the drawer of her nightstand. 

"Well if she can't bear to watch we can make it so she can't see anything at all." James said 

He had found her blindfold. She usually used it to keep the sun out when she wanted to sleep but occasionally it got used in sex play. 

"Great idea." Tom said.

He took the blindfold from James and placed it over Gina's head. She tried to back away and James had to grab her to hold her still. She must have really been getting scared because she began to fight back with some force now. Her legs came up and Tom heard James hiss in a breath as her foot connected with his leg. She was kicking and trying to get free. 

"Hey Bitch!" Tom scolded her. "Knock it off or we'll make sure your hubby gets to watch the show." 

That stopped her cold. She didn't want Tom seeing this.

"That's better." he said. 

"Just incase you get the urge to fight us again though we better make sure you can't." Tom said. 

He bent down and lifted her skirt up to her waist. His plan was to tie her legs spread eagle to the bed so she couldn't kick. But when the skirt came up he got the surprise of a lifetime. She wasn't wearing panties. He almost fell over in shock. How many times had she gone to work with no panties? He was floored! He thought his cock couldn't get any harder until she saw her pussy bare and exposed. 

Tom decided this little bit of secret information deserved a treat. He took his mask off and pushed her back onto the bed. He knelt right between her legs and dove in. He pressed his face right to Gina's pussy and smelled her excited scent. He was right. She was dripping wet. He held her legs apart and thrust his tongue right into her. Gina screamed out and bucked up. Her hips came right off the bed and James came to hold her down. Tom went to work on her with his tongue and fingers. He removed his gloves and while his tongue pressed over her clit he thrust two fingers right up into her pussy. 

She cried out, begging him to stop. 

"No, no, no!" she cried as she tried hard to escape the feeling of Tom's tongue on her clit. 

"Hey man." James said, "I think the bitch likes it." He told Tom

Tom stopped everything he was doing.

"We can't have that now, can we?" he said and removed himself from between her legs. 

"Tie her up." He told James. "I'll be back." 

Tom went and got Becky. When they walked back into the room James had Gina stark naked with her arms and feet tied up. She lay there on the bed completely unable to move and fully exposed for them all to see. She was struggling hard against the restraints and she kept begging to be let free. 

James was about to gag her mouth when Tom stopped him. They wanted her mouth free for cock sucking. 

James dropped the gag and went to his wife. They kissed deeply and felt each other up. Becky was squirming under James hand and his cock was hard against her tummy as he pressed against her. They were both so hot and turned on. 

Becky stopped kissing James and went to Tom. She removed her bra for him and crushed her breasts against his chest as she reached up to kiss him. Tom ran his hands over Becky's body. He grabbed her ass in his hands and slammed her tightly against his own cock. Becky was careful not to make any noises. They didn't want Gina knowing she was there. 

James had stripped naked now and Tom was about to follow his lead. 

Becky went over to Gina on the bed and ran her hands over her. The guys stood and watched as Becky gently caressed her hands over Gina's body. She guided them over Gina's breasts and nipples. Causing Gina to arch her back the best she could. Then they roamed down over her tummy and towards her pussy. While Becky's hand paid homage to Gina's dripping pussy she leaned down and sucked a nipple into her mouth. 

Gina began to moan. Her body tried to ride the hand between her legs while it tried to force the nipple further into Becky's mouth. 

Tom looked over at James and found him stroking his cock. The scene on the bed in front of them was so wild and hot that soon Tom was stroking his cock too. Both men stood there playing with themselves while Becky finger fucked Gina and assaulted her nipples with her mouth. Just when Tom thought Becky might be being too nice he watched her bite down on the nipple in her mouth. 

Gina screamed out trying to get away. 

Becky latched on to the nipple with her teeth and only fucked Gina harder with her fingers. It wasn't long before Gina came all over Becky's fingers. Gina was crying when she came. Her body betrayed her and she had no defense against coming. Becky stopped her torture and moved away from Gina. She licked her fingers and smiled as she walked towards James. 

She whispered how good Gina tasted and suggested James try it himself. He looked at Tom for the ok. 

Tom nodded and watched as James knelt between his wife's legs. He watched James separate the lips of her pussy and slip his tongue in to taste her. 

Gina bucked her hips again. Tom almost felt bad for her but he knew she liked this too much. She had no idea what was going on or what was going to happen next. She could only lie there and take the abuse. 

"How's that pussy taste?" Tom asked as he watched the other man eat his wife out.

James stopped long enough to tell him it was sweet then went back to work. 

Becky was standing behind her husband rubbing his ass while he tongue fucked Gina. Tom's cock was so hard he needed release. He moved to Gina's face. 

"I think she needs to taste cock." he stated.

"Open your mouth Bitch." he told her. 

When she refused he reached down and grabbed a tit. He squeezed hard until she gasped. When her lips parted he shoved his cock right inside her mouth. God it felt like heaven. His cock just throbbed in her mouth. Her little moans of pleasure from what James was doing to her didn't help matters. He almost came right away. 

"Suck my cock you slut." he ordered, "And don't even think about doing anything funny. My buddy down there has a good grasp on that clit. Wouldn't want him to have to hurt you." 

Tears rolled down Gina's beautiful cheeks as she took all of Tom's cock into her mouth.

James kept at her pussy and he knew Gina was crying out of pleasure. He knew her clit had to be ultra sensitive and it had to be driving her mad. He could tell she was ready to cum again. 

Tom grabbed her face and began to fuck her mouth. In and out he thrust his cock past her lips. Her body arched and she moaned loud around his cock as her body gave in again and came all over James' tongue. Tom grunted and shot his load into her mouth.

"Swallow it Bitch." he told her. "Take it all you little cock slut." 

She did too. She swallowed his whole load. Tom slipped his semi limp dick from her mouth and rubbed it over her lips, smearing some cum on them.

"Lick your lips." he ordered her. "Show me how much you love the taste."

She did as she was told. Her tongue rolled around her lips as she cleaned his cum off them. Just watching her do that made his cock hard again. He looked down to see what James was doing now that she came and he found him getting sucked by his wife. Becky was kneeling on the floor taking all of James's cock into her mouth. She had her hands on his ass and he watched as James thrust forward as her finger found his ass hole. Between watching Gina lick his cum off her lips and James getting his ass finger fucked, Tom was hard as steel again. He decided Gina needed to be fucked. 
