 He had been working long days lately. He would come home tired, chase down a few beers, watch TV and take a bath. I was busy with work as well. He and I needed a vacation, and more. Our sex life had been hot, always hot. But I was about to make it a lot hotter.

I clicked the suitcase shut and smoothed down my short skirt. I am roundish and small and he is medium height with soft grey hair and warm kind green eyes. He's the kind of man women warm to immediately. I am shyer despite the red in my auburn hair which I finished brushing as I called him.

"Hey Sweetheart, since we are on our own for the weekend, I thought we could drive up north for the weekend. So I packed a few things for both of us. I thought we could leave my car at your work and head up to a motel for a night or two." I said. 

"Sure." he yawned. "Sounds fun". I could hear the tiredness in his voice, not just tiredness but the stress of months of working long weeks. I tried to keep the excitement out of my voice 

"I packed the suitcases...all three." That was the clue that it was going to be a hot weekend. 

"Hmmm." he said. This, of course is what he says when I say it's going to get hot. The third suitcase was the fun one, the erotic one we keep tucked under the bed, stuffed with toys, books, all kinds of special things.

About an hour later, I picked him up, dropped off my car, switched the suitcases and hopped in the driver's seat. I saw him walking out the office door, and took out a small thermos. As he climbed in the passenger's seat, I handed the thermos to him. 

"Here's a sweet shot of Jamison. Go ahead and nap." I said to him, winking....."You might need energy later."

He chuckled and as I pulled out to the soft voice of the GPS, he turned on the IPOD and we listened to music. Within a half an hour he fell sound asleep. While he napped I had time to think about what the resort would be like. Would we see other couples naked, how would I feel about being at least partially naked? My panties became very wet, as I thought of images and sounds of other couples. Before I knew it the GPS was directing me to the resort. I pulled in and stepped out of the car, pulling down the short skirt, as I got out of the car. My husband woke up as I opened the door and he looked around a little surprised. 

"This is no Best Western darling." he said with a wicked grin. I checked us in while he stood up and stretched. 

When I joined him outside, in the dark summer evening, he was looking at the thousands of stars in the sky. As we were talking softly about the beautiful stars, we heard soft splashing sounds and murmurs around us, as well as soft chuckles and throaty breathing that come from sex. We tried to see but the hot tub was obscured by bushes and trees. The murmuring sounds of the couple making love made my pussy grow warm and I placed my hand on his beautiful ass. He tightened his arm around me and pulled me close. We were kissing softly when we heard the sound of splashing water and soft intimate voices of a couple making love. Soft chuckles and moans of pleasure drifted through the dark as he made our way toward the cottage. 

At the entrance we could see there was a fence and two hot tubs were sheltered by a fence from the walkway but open to each other. It was delicious to tip toe by, I wanted to stop and look but it didn't feel like the right time, just yet. Instead we walked to the entrance to our cottage.

The room was nice, clean and comfortable, the comforter on the bed was warm and cottony, there were mirrors around the room, discrete, but able to reflect back the couple on the bed at many angles. And an additional door was on the opposite side of the room. Two doors! How curious. As I opened the curtains I saw through a break in the curtains that we shared a hot tub with two other cottages. All the cottages were joined at the back, and it seemed there were halls. A couple was kissing and caressing in the hot tub. In the dim light you could see they were naked as there were flashes of breasts, and bare bottoms as a woman and her partner kept bobbing up and down out of the water. They looked up and saw me. I smiled and they waved... and then she began to move down on him showing my husband and me a flash of her naked ass, and shaved pussy. Her husband lifted himself up to the side of the hot tub, and you could see his large erect cock. We watched as they switched places and he entered her from behind and began moving slowly at first and then moving faster and faster. A few seconds later she started to scream 'I'm coming.' My husband put his arm around me and we watched.

His eyes twinkled as he began to pull at my clothes. The sounds in the tub had made us both hot and we quickly fell in to each other's arms and made fierce love. We both came loudly and quickly. We cuddled a bit, and then helped ourselves to the 'health bar' with energizing and healthy drinks. As we sipped on juices, I have him the lowdown on the weekend resort. Clothes optional. No means no. No pressure, no expectations, just fun as you chose it.

We decided to walk around the inside and that's when we discovered the reason for two doors. The inner hallway was a hallway of windows, where couples could pull open the curtains and be observed in the delights of their passion. We could walk outside and see couples in the tub, or inside and join the exhibitionists as their voyeurs. 

We both decided to walk down the hall. At the first room, the curtains were open. A man was standing facing the window while his wife licked his cock. She had curly red hair and bobbed up and down. She would stop and stand back from time to time so the crowd could see his cock and then she would put on a show, twirling her tongue around the tip, and then running her tongue down his long shaft to his balls. She sucked each one and then ran her tongue from the middle of his balls to the tip and then she would stop. The look on his face was exquisite. The redhead stood at the window while her partner played with her breasts, pinching her nipples. He slipped his hand into her pussy and licked the juices. It was so hot. She saw me watching and waved to me to come inside the room. My husband stayed at the window smiling...

I tentatively stepped in. I had never tasted another man since I was married. His cock looked so long and inviting, I looked back at my husband, and he nodded. As I began to suck this cock, I saw the redhead beckoning again. I saw my husband step in and the tall redhead quickly unzipped and released my husband's cock. It was hard and standing tall. She caressed the tip with her tongue and began pulling it into her mouth. I went up to her husband and did the same. Together in sync we slowly caressed and teased each other's partner's cocks while couples drifted by. Each time the men came close to coming we would pull out. And people at the window would see their cocks bob. 

Finally we could see that the guys needed some relief. Her husband motioned me toward the bed, and I leaned over. His wife stood next to me and leaned over as well. Our panties were pulled down and the husbands looked at us. There was a knock at the window, and a long legged brunette stepped in the room and out of her panties in one smooth motion. She joined us on the bed. Three women, two men. One by one the men took turns entering us. At first I felt a familiar cock in my pussy. It felt so good, I was so hot and then it withdrew and another cock moved in and began an unfamiliar motion. As he moved inside of me I felt incredible lines of pleasure jolt through my pussy and I moaned just as the redhead began making soft mewing sounds. Suddenly I felt him withdraw and I heard the brunette moan.

I was so hot I wanted it now and badly. The redhead's husband lay down on the bed and the wife nudged me to lie on top of him, as I did, my husband entered me from behind, slipping into my ass. I began to move from my husband's thrusts to the man on the bed. It felt so incredible. I was crashing on the waves of the two men. Another man joined him on the bed and the redhead sat on top of him and another man had entered the room and was fucking her ass as well. The tall brunette lay on the bed and another man was licking her clit and had his fingers in her soft pussy. The room smelled sweaty and very sexy. 

"Look."I heard someone say. "It's being broadcast". I realized we were on cameras across the resort.

That did it. I began to scream...we all began to orgasm together, moaning and screaming. It lasted a while until the energy just slipped from the room. 

As we lay there with the others, my husband whispered. "We're staying another night, right?"