 Brad and Sally had discussed bringing one of their friends Reagan into their relationship over the last two weeks. Sally was excited, but nervous at sharing her boyfriend with another woman. The three of them were in their mid-twenties, made sure to eat decently and worked out together. Often Sally had observed Brad staring at Reagan's tight ass or firm breasts, as they all ran together. She would tease him about this, knowing that he was the fastest of the three of them and would prefer to watch his rock hard ass while the two ladies followed behind him. After these ribbings, Brad would tend to spank Sally hard on her ass before throwing her onto the bed and fucking her senseless with his thick seven inch cock as sweat beaded across their bodies. Little did Sally know that Brad had put their discussion into motion.

Looking down at his handiwork, Brad smiled. He could see his girlfriend's limbs bound taut with rope stretching her lengthy form across their king mattress. Her blue eyes were covered with a blindfold that was framed nicely by dark blonde hair. Brad traced his fingers along Sally's lips, down her neck to her nipples that he pulled causing Sally to moan. He smiled mischievously over to Reagan who entered the room shortly after the blindfold had been secured. Brad picked up some nipple clamps that were on the bed and handed them to Reagan. She took them eagerly and attached the clamps to Sally's hard nipples. Sally took a sharp intake of breath as the clamps were attached followed by a low moan. "You aren't going to be very gentle with me today are you?" Sally asked.

"I plan to tease you and bring you to new heights today." Brad replied as he winked at Reagan. He applied some earmuffs over Sally's ears. Brad walked over to Reagan and gave her soft kiss as he gripped he short red hair.

"I brought out my bag of toys which are next to the bed." He whispered.

She grinned and began removing her tight workout clothes that left little to the imagination as it was. Her breasts bounced slightly as her small nipples harden from her arousal. She began looking through the bag as Brad helped her out of her pants and g-string clinging to her ass. She pulled out a vibrating wand with a roll of tape. Turning the wand to the pulse setting she taped it against Sally's clit. Sally's hips began shaking back and forth as she groaned "ohhh god..."

Brad had stripped down as Reagan admired his chiseled body and rising cock. She reached into the toy bag and extracted the stainless steel butt plug with some anal lube. She applied a generous amount to the plug and she kneeled down in front of Brad. Reagan took his cock into her mouth and swirled her warm tongue over the head as she lowered him into her throat. It took three passes before she was able to accept his member without gagging. Looking up at the pure bliss on Brad's face, Reagan reached back and began probing Brad's anus with the plug back and forth until it sat firmly against him. She squeezed his balls lightly as she let his cock slip from her mouth as they listened to Sally feeling waves of pleasure overcoming her. They nodded at each other as they went to the bed. Reagan grabbed his cock and brought him over to Sally's pussy. She placed her hand over the wand and pressed down as her fingers rubbed against her pussy lips. Sally began shaking uncontrollably as Brad forced his cock inch by inch until to ground against Reagan's fingers. Reagan reached over with her free hand removing the clamps, earmuffs and finally blindfold.

Sally's mind was in overload and she could barely process what was going on. She had experienced two orgasms since their session had started and as her eyes focused on Reagan's sexy body she hit her third. Brad grabbed Sally's hips tight and pounded into her tight pussy as it clamped down against his cock. Reagan swung her leg over Sally's head and groaned as a tongue entered inside of her. Sally knew what she was doing and brought Regan to her climax quickly. Seeing his girlfriend making Reagan orgasm pushed Brad over the edge who grabbed their friend by her hair and covered her faced with his hot cum as she smiled at him.