 Chapter Two: The Next Afternoon

Needless to say, we slept in. Luckily breakfast started early and lasted nearly till lunch. We ate leisurely and then went for a walk. It was serene and beautiful. The air was warm and the birds were still singing. There was a swimming pool...suits optional and while we wanted to see more action, we were both a little full of our experiences and needed some quiet time. We walked for a while and talked about the night before as well as what might happen tonight. After an hour or so, we went back to the room and watched the television, falling asleep. 

We both awoke around 3 p.m. I slipped into a skirt that was artistically designed with uneven hem and slits, it fell just above my knees and the slits went far up my thigh. I had stockings and garters on which could be seen, but I left the panties off...just in case....My top was a button down red shirt. Tight around the breasts and the buttons were undone enough to show cleavage. No bra either.

My husband was dressed in white slacks and a black shirt and with his green brown eyes and graying hair, he looked distinguished. I was proud to walk with him into the lobby. There was a sign advertising a poker tournament and we stopped to watch.

Three couples sat a table and played. We watched as the winner dictated what clothes the losers lost. It went quickly that way and soon the table was in various stages of undress. One short curvy blond, her breasts spilling out of her bra, was down to just that bra and black thong panties. Next to her a tall bearded man wore only a shirt, his long bare legs stretching out and the shirt loose over the tops of his legs. I kept watching to see if his cock or balls would appear as he turned. Once or twice I saw his firm cock. I know the other women were watching as well and he seemed to play with us. The other two women at the table were naked from the waist up, their breasts on display. One woman was also a blond and slender with soft round breasts and her nipples were pink and very erect and the other was brunettes whose long dark curls slipped off her shoulder and down over her more slender breasts. Her dark nipples were very hard. Their partners were naked from the waist up and their playing was punctuated by their looks at the three women across from them. As I glanced at their trousers, I could see the bulges. 

The short blond won and she had the man who was only wearing the shirt remove it, so he was naked. He sat back, moved his hands and left his cock out for us to see. When he saw me looking he placed on finger on the tip of his cock and circled. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. I glanced at my husband and saw him watching the two other women who had just lost their skirts. The tall brunette was slowly slipping it over her hips revealing white lace panties. Under the panties, a small patch of dark hair could be seen. As she sat down, a wet spot could be seen between her legs as she spread her legs wide and then crossed one leg over the other. The blond turned and bent over, showing her bare ass and her pussy from behind. The other two men had not bet, so unfortunately, their pants remained on. 

The man who had lost his shirt asked for a task, and he was instructed to lick every available pussy at the table. All pussies were immediately made available and the players watched as each woman sat up on the poker table and spread her legs. The first woman was clean shaven, and threw her head back as her pussy was licked. Everyone could see the bud of her clit and how engorged her pussy lips were. She dipped her fingers into her juices and offered them to the other men, who quickly obliged. She then stepped down and the woman with the white lace panties was next. The other two men held her legs apart and caressed them while the shirtless man licked her pussy. The blond was then lifted up on the table. Her blond pubic hair was slightly shaven and her lips formed an OHHHH as the naked man lapped and rubbed his face across her pussy.

The next hand the women did not bet, but the partially clothed men did and one won, the other lost. As the one who lost stripped off his trousers, a tattoo appeared on his lower back and contrasted with his softly firm white ass. So two men were naked, and all three women. They sat at the table dealing cards but, really nobody was paying much attention. But the hand was played and the naked man who was with the brunette was instructed to fondle each breast of each woman. Everyone watched the women's faces and the erect nipples as the breasts were held gently, fondled, sucked, and nipples bit lightly. He took his time and each woman squirmed and moaned. The next game went to the blonde.

She said, "Guys it just became your night". 

Her man was the first to have his cock sucked. 

"Because you are so good to me" she said. She then whispered something to the brunette and she went to sit on his face. Everyone watched as the naked man had his cock sucked while he licked pussy. After five minutes one of the men was instructed to get up on the table and let the brunette suck him while she was being sucked. And then the third woman began to suck the other man. Soon all three men came and the women slurped it up.

The man with the tattoo, after his cock went soft, looked at all of us watching and sent the women out to suck every cock in the audience. I watched as the short blond went to my husband, unzipped him, pulled out his hard cock and began to lick, slowly, circling around the head. I wondered how she knew he liked that. I saw his eyes close and then his mouth open as he concentrated on the intense pleasure. I saw a man who I had noticed in the crowd, because of his hard bulge in his white pants and approached him. I smiled toward his partner and she nodded so I bent down and unzipped his pants. His cock was hard the whole time and had precum leaking out. I began to suck and lick it, while looking back at my husband. I saw him release his load and then he moved around and began to lick her pussy as thanks, I suppose. My pussy was begging for attention and I wanted, I really wanted a tongue. Or a cock, or two, on my pussy.

But I was not so lucky. Over the loudspeaker a new game of strip poker was announced. I looked at my husband and smiled. We joined two other couples, the couple I had gone to and the couple we had played with last night, the redhead and her husband. We found out their names were Fiona and Rick. Funny, all the things we did with them last night and we were just now finding out their names. I noticed another couple off to the side; they hadn't participated yet and were shy and tentative. I smiled and beckoned them with a wave and a wink. She smiled quickly back and they joined the table, sharing their names-- Theresa and David. After our introductions we started playing. A crowd formed around to watch us. 

My husband lost his shirt on the first hand, but I stayed dressed. The game was that the lowest hand loses. My husband then lost his pants on the second game. Because he didn't wear underwear, he was completely naked. He can be shy but tonight he leaned back and displayed his beautiful hard cock. I knew he was trying to lose. I also knew why, so he would have to perform dares. When a person is complety naked and loses a hand the host of the resort announces a dare. I was lucky at cards that night.  

The next hand went to me. My husband lost. It was time for my honey to perform. 

The host said, " You will remove the blouses of all of the women and play with their tits". It was hot to see him go to Theresa and caress her tits over her blouse as he unbuttoned it. Then he took off her bra, slowly, very very slowly. Teresa was small, very petite, with petite breasts. It was nice to see him take his time and gently caress her breasts, touching them softly till the nipple rose high. Kissing the sides and then the luscious brown nipples.

He them moved to Fiona. She smiled at him and quickly took off her blouse. She had no bra. He took an extra long time kissing her freckled breasts, it was so hot watching him lift each one, fondle it and then kiss the nipples.

Soon it was my turn, and he slowly buttoned down my red shirt opening it for everyone to see. He touched my breasts like he always does, slowly; knowing just how to tightly run his fingers over them and then pinched the nipple. I began to squirm and breathe more deeply. All eyes were on us and I felt a flush going up my neck. 

Too soon the game resumed. The next game went to Teresa with her boyfriend, Rick, losing took down his pants. He had on tight black under pants that hid very little

Next I lost my skirt. 

When my husband lost the next hand, he said, "Finally." 

He was instructed to take Fiona's hand and lead her over to Rick and lay her on his lap. He then told Rick to hit her softly ten times. We watched while he stroked her softly and slapped lightly. She lay still. Then he was instructed to hit her hard twice. The slaps were loud, and she moaned with them, in an aroused tone and she squirmed. When he finished her eyes were bright and she winked at David and sat on his lap briefly giving him a deep kiss and then returned to the cards.

Taking a cue from my husband I lost of few on purpose. Soon I was naked. I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and being naked in front of so many eyes had me soaking. When I lost again my dare was to remove David's pants and Rick's as well. I took a quick suck on each cock and wanted more. When Theresa lost the next hand. She was dared to lean over the table and spread her legs. Then Fiona and I were asked to join her. All the men were invited to look and touch lightly. Fingers traced over my ass. I closed my eyes and felt three fingers enter my wet pussy, whose I didn't know. I was ready for anything but the host announced that the men were to get dressed while we stayed lying on the table. There we remained while the men left to get a drink at the bar.

As people walked by us, a few asked if they could caress us and I said "light touch only". 

I'm not sure what the other women said but I heard moans. Soon the men returned with tall drinks for us and we returned to the game.

The next round I lost and the host announced that we would all end the game fucking our own partners, but there were some games before the end. We would first move two on one. Fiona the red started with Rick and my husband. She knelt before my husband and licked his cock while Rick licked her from behind. I was next and David and Rick took turns licking my pussy while the other placed his cock in my mouth. My pussy tingled. I got down on my hands and knees and I had my husband and Rick take turns fucking me from behind.

There were encouraging cheers as people walked by "Fuck them slow and hard" 

"Their waiting boys...don't keep them waiting too long' 

"Sweet. Very sweet" 

We ladies tingled. At one point David got up and played with each of us quickly. 

"Harder," Teresa demanded. 

"Soon, sweetheart" he chuckled back. 

Then the host said, "Alright ladies....we have a deal.....we are going to have you all come together. First each of the men gets to sample your sweet pussy then you are going to be fuck hard until you come. 

Hearing the words "fucked hard" while on display nearly did it for me. I had to restrain myself from coming. First I felt David touch my ass, he ran his hands over me and then gently touched my pussy. One finger went in. Next to me Fiona moaned softly as my husband touched her gently. Rick was putting two fingers into Teresa. David started moving inside me and then suddenly withdrew his fingers. In a minute all three men entered us with their cocks in our hot, dripping pussies. We groaned as one. And then they pulled out. David leaned over and kissed me on the lips. Later my husband would say it felt so wonderful to move from woman to woman. 

Rick was next. I could tell arousal was building as I felt one, then two fingers moved inside my pussy. They came out and this new cock entered my pussy and slowly one pussy coated finger moved into my ass. I groaned. And moved back. 

When each husband ended up behind his own partner or wife there was a shift in the air. The room quieted as our moans grew. It was three men moving into their wives asses or pussies. As my husband's familiar hard cock moved into my pussy, my arousal skyrocketed. 

"Oh my God," I moaned and together women and men began to moan, to grind together.

We exploded together, the sounds and the smells moving out like a cloud of passion. I lay exhausted on the table as my husband leaned over me. In a moment we stood up, grabbed our clothes and hand in hand, naked together we strolled back to the room. We lay on the bed and cuddled and soon fell fast asleep, preparing for another night of magic.