 My ex-fiance had been planning a trip up here for months, and last weekend was the the planned trip. But before I get too far into that, maybe I should let you know about our past. Katie was the love of my life for 2 years. We were engaged to be married, but she lived half way across the country. Eventually, she left me and it was over, but we stayed in touch, and stayed very close friends. When I went down to see her two years ago we both had thoughts of doings things, but neither acted on them. Now she was coming up for the weekend. Neither of us said a thing about it, but I sure as hell intended to act on my desires this time around. As I came to find out, she had the same plans. 

As for looks, well there could be no doubt in anyone's mind why I still loved her. She is about 5'4'' with long, blonde hair. Her blue eyes were like a window to a distant sea; power and beauty beyond contamination. To say that she was well endowed would be a gross understatement, and she had nipples that just begged to be sucked.

What she ever saw in me, I'll never know. I wouldn't say that I am ugly, but I'm nothing more than average looking. Standing 6 feet tall, I have the build of a football player, plus a little extra. I am a big guy, strong, but not ripped. About the only thing about my looks that I would consider to be above average would be my cock, which measures out to be a lengthy 9 ½ inches long, and a good 3 inches thick. 

So she had planned this trip for a few months now, she was staying with me, for a weekend, before going to visit some family a few hours north of me, and then coming back here at the end of the week, to spend another weekend with me before flying back home. Little did she know, I had been planning one hell of a visit ever since she finalized the plans. I had arranged for no one else to be around for two weeks starting the Wednesday before she got here, giving me plenty of time to set things up. The entire downstairs of my house was like my own apartment, and I intended to use all of it. There were two beds, mine, and a spare one for guests. Both beds were set up with straps, chains, and a few toys. All were kept hidden from view of course, lest she figure out my plans before I had a chance to make my move. It was Friday, and I only had one thing left to do before going to pick her up at the airport. I have a bar in the downstairs of my house, and I intended for it to be fully stocked before she got here. She told me years ago that she gets horny when she gets drunk, and well, if my advances toward her didn't go as planned, I might have to get her a little tipsy and try again. 

It was noon and I couldn't believe that in less than an hour my angel was going to be getting off a plane, and heading home with me. I went over the checklist in my head real quick as I drove to the airport. Everything should be ready for our wild weekend. My heart skipped a beat when I saw her round the corner in the terminal. There she was, she saw me and began to run a little. Apparently she was looking forward to this weekend too. I would have never guessed how much she was looking forward to this. 

We embraced in a friendly hug, and already I wasn't sure I could wait. Having her in my arms, so close to me was driving me crazy. Her tits pressed firmly against my chest, the smell of her hair filling my nose. I thought of a quick grab at her ass, but quickly decided against it. I was already getting hard, and grabbing her ass was only going to make it even harder to hide my excitement. 

"I've missed you," she said softly, as we let go of each other finally. Damn, even her voice still turns me on. If she glances down just once, there will be no hiding it.

"That makes two of us babes." Babes..I used to call her that all the time. I wonder if she even remembers anymore.  "How much luggage do you have?" I asked her, starting to walk toward the baggage claim area.

"Just 2 bags, and this," she said picking up the small carry on she had dropped when we hugged. "How long is it to your place? I can't wait to just relax, and catch up." What was that? she smiled, but it looked like more, like she has something up her sleeves. No it's just my damned head confusing me.

"Just about a half hour. I still can't believe you got a flight into this airport, It's supposed to be near impossible." She pointed out her two bags, which I quickly picked up, for her. She went to grab one, but I started walking away. "I'll carry them, don't worry, lets go." I need to carry them, they are my only hope of hiding this hard-on until I can make an adjustment.

The drive home was uneventful. We talked about her job, and how she had gotten such hell for taking this time off. "But I wasn't about to let anyone take this week away from me," she said with a smile. By the time we got back to my place, she looked exhausted, so I brought her stuff in, showed her the bed she'd be sleeping in, and suggested she rest for a little bit. 

She was reluctant to waste the first few hours of her visit sleeping, but as soon as she lay on the bed, she fell right to sleep. I sat there for an hour, just staring at her. This was my angel, The woman of my dreams, just a few feet away from me. After a while, I got up and went to my own room to hop on my laptop and check my email. There was an email from one of my best friends Kari. 

Kari was a great friend, and she was more. She and I had bonded over the last few years, and quickly got to a 'friends with benefits' kind of friendship. She was about the same height as Katie, with light brown hair and green eyes. Not as busty as Katie, but damn what an ass! Kari had the kind of ass that just screamed "Fuck Me"!

I opened the Email, and was greeted first by a picture of Kari, completely naked, spread eagle with a vibrator stuck in her ass. I was instantly hard once again. Before I continued, I went and checked on Katie. Still asleep in the bed, I closed the door, and went back to the email, undoing my pants as I went. I sat down on my bed in front of my laptop, with my cock in my hand, and just stared at the picture. I scrolled down to read the email, while I slowly starting stroking my cock. The email said only one thing. 'Call me when you get this!'

I reached for the phone, and called her immediately, my cock still in my hands. "Hello" came her voice when she picked up. I thought I heard cars nearby.

"Hey sexy, what's up?"

"Mmmm, you I hope."

"Oh yeah," I asked with a questioning tone to my voice. I didn't have to wonder where this was leading. "Why's that?" I was playing with her, and she knew. I always liked to make her say it.

"Because I have a surprise for you stud." A surprise? Hmm..I wonder what she has in store?

I started stroking my cock again, and continued. "Well, you know I love surprises, especially when they require me to be 'up'." She chuckled at that, and inquired to whether or not that requirement was being met. "Mmm..well, as a matter of fact, I happen to have a nice hard cock right here in my hand. Will that be enough to satisfy?" It hit me that Katie was still in the other room, so if this was going to be done, it needed to be quiet, and quick. 

"Well, we will certainly find out in about five minutes." I could almost see the smile on her face. Wait a minute! We'll find out in about 5 minutes..thats what she just said. What does she mean by that?

"Whats in five minutes?" I asked, honestly a bit puzzled about the answer.

"Well thats the surprise baby." She paused for a moment. "I'm only a few minutes away from your house!" What?!?!?! She lives in Tennessee...how could she possibly be here? She can't be here now. Katie is in the other room. "...It's going to feel so good." I was snapped back to the conversation. "Baby, I have been waiting for this for so long." A knock came at the door to the house. Shit! that can't be her already can it? Fuck, what am I gonna do? "Baby? Aren't you going to come to the door and find out what your surprise is?"

Shit, I guess I can't leave her out there. "Sure, hold on a second." I Hung up and went to the door. I opened the door, and was immediately embraced by Kari, and welcomed to a very passionate kiss. 

"Hmm..Is this for me baby?" She asked looking down at me. Suddenly with a bit of a panic I realized that in all the confusion, I never bothered to stuff my cock back into my pants, and so there it was, pointing at her. She reached down and grabbed a hold of it, giving it a light squeeze. She made one of the cutest little look on her face, as though she was thinking real hard. "Yup, I think this will do nicely," she exclaimed, as she began to walk down the stairs, pulling my cock with her.

"Uh..Kari.." Shit, how do I tell her this? "Babe...I uh...kinda have company right now."

"Oh really? What kind of company?" She had that devilish smile on her face as she continued toward my room. She stopped when she saw that the guest room door was closed. "Hmm..Could the company be in here?" She laughed as she opened the door and peered in. "Oh my..is that Katie in there?" She opened the door all the way, and stepped in, still pulling me by my cock behind her. She pulled me right over next to the bed, and turned around, with the same devilish smile on her face. "Oh my. Look at this." She pointed down to Katie asleep on the bed. "Well, since she is asleep, I hope she won't mind us using the room for a little while." With that, she dropped to her knees in front of me, pulled my pants and boxers down to my ankle, and smiled up at me.

"Baby..we can't do this now...not here..." I was stuttering. My mind was saying "no", but my voice didn't seem to confident in that. And my cock was definitely not agreeing.

She obviously didn't seem to care what I was saying. She looked to her side, seeing Katie's face just inches from hers, then looked back up at me. Without saying a word, she leaned forward and licked the head of my cock. She never took her eyes off of mine when she quickly began to slide my cock into her mouth. Being as big as I am, most women can't fit all of it in their mouth, and most have a hard time getting used to it's girth as well. Kari was no exception as far as the length came. She never could fit all of me. But having done this many time before for me, She was well used to the thickness by now. 

As my cock reached the back of her mouth, she began to suck lightly. Moving her mouth back and forth just a little bit, her tongue dancing around my shaft inside her mouth. Any chance of me fighting it went out the door. Her hands came up from her sides. One wrapped around the base, and began to stroke it slowly, while the other began to massage my balls. I started to moan, but quickly stopped, looking over at Katie. Kari didn't miss a beat. She quickly starting moaning around my cock. Knowing that I was trying to be quiet only egged her on. She moaned as loud as she could while bobbing back and forth on my cock.

The vibrations around my cock were too much to handle, and I lost control. I squeezed my eyes shut in an attempt to somehow stop myself from moaning. I don't know how long I stood there like that, but it had to be about 10 minutes. That is when the unexpected happened. My eyes shot open when I realized that I felt a mouth on my balls. I looked down to see that Katie had woken up, and without a word, had joined Kari. There before my eyes, was two beautiful girls, having their way with my cock. Kari expertly sucking my cock, and Katie greedily feeding upon my balls. When Katie looked up into my eyes, I lost it. I moaned, quite loudly, and erupted. Cum began shooting into Kari's mouth. Startled by this, she jumped just a little, causing my cock to slide deeper, past the point she could handle, and well into her throat. With my cock spasming like it was, and cum shooting out of it, she began to gag, and pulled back. Seeing her opportunity, Katie quickly grabbed hold of my cock, bringing it over to her mouth, and sucked it in. My entire body shook again, at the sight of my cock in her mouth. I had always dreamed of this, but until now, I'm not sure I ever really believed I would experience it. She took more of me into her mouth than Kari had. All but the last inch. And she sucked with all her might, trying to coax every drop out of me. Kari's hand found it's way back to my cock, and began to squeeze and stroke every bit she could get a hold of, milking me into Katie's mouth. Then she pulled it out, and brought it to her own mouth trying to catch the last few drops. A pouty look grew on her face as she realized there was none left for her.

Katie turned to see the look on Kari's face, and in response to that, she grabbed Kari by the face, and pulled her into a kiss. Seeing these two gorgeous women kissing, sharing the taste of my cum just turned me on even more. My cock never got a chance to get soft again.

I stepped back, and watched the two women making out, giving myself a chance to recharge a bit. Kari climbed up onto the bed with Katie, and the two began to get a little heavier. Katie's hand was lifting Kari's shirt up. When her bare breasts were exposed, I moaned. Her nipples were hard. Quickly Katie removed the shirt completely, and began to suck on Kari's nipples. Not wanting to waste my energy, I resisted the urge to start jacking off at the sight that lay before me.

Slowly the two girls began removing article after article of clothing, until both were naked, feeling each other, and kissing all over their bodies. It didn't take long before they locked into the most erotic sixty-nine I had ever imagined. 

This was just too much for me. I stood up, and walked over to the bed, climbing up behind Kari. I was graced with one hell of a view. Katie's tongue licking up and down Kari's wet lips. Katie, feeling me climb onto the bed, looked up into my eyes, not bothering to take the time to stop her oral pleasuring of Kari. I moved closer, and felt Katie's hand grasp for my cock, pulling it down closer. Expecting her to pull me into her mouth, I closed my eyes in anticipation of her warm mouth. My eyes shot open in surprise when I felt the familiar, tight feel of Kari's wet pussy engulfing the head of my cock. I looked down, to watch as Katie steered my cock into Kari's waiting pussy. "Mmmmmmmmm" I heard the muffled moan coming from between Katie's thighs. 

"Yea, Katie...fuck her tight hole with my cock." I said. I remembered Katie once told me how much talking like that turned her on. "She likes feeling it all baby," I continued. "Feed my cock to her pussy." Katie complied, grabbing my ass, and pulling me all the way into Kari. I had intended to have my cock buried into a pussy by now, but I had expected it to be Katie's, not Kari's. But my GOD it felt good. 

Kari's moans were getting louder. Even the wet pussy pressed against her mouth was no longer muffling the sounds. I looked down, and suddenly realized what was getting Kari so excited. Katie was now sucking on Kari's clit, while my cock was deep inside of her. "Mmm..Kari, you are about to get even more excited!" As I made my promise, I came through. I pulled back, slowly sliding out, until nothing but the head of my cock was inside of her. As she moaned once more, I quickly thrust forward, forcing my entire length into her fast. She screamed into Katie's pussy, which only fueled all of us on more. 

Kari was now lapping at Katie's cunt, while her own was getting slammed by my cock. Knowing what Kari likes, I knew just how to work her. Knew what it would take to push her over the edge. My hand came down on her ass, slapping her. "Oooooo...baby, slap my ass!" She was really starting to get into it. She didn't have long left. I could tell. Her pussy was starting to clamp down on me. Getting tighter and tighter. Time for the final nudge. I slammed into her harder, and slapped her ass again. This time, when My hand came down on her ass, it stayed there, and a finger quickly slipped into her. That was all it took. "AAAAAHHHH I'M CUUUMMMMMMINNNNG," she screamed out. 

Katie just lapped and licked at Kari's cunt, as it spasmed around my cock. "Cum....oh....in....mmmm...me...baby.." Kari was breathing hard. I doubled my efforts, wanting to oblige the request. Katie was the final key to the whole thing. She licked down Kari's slit, until her tongue found it's way to my balls, hanging down, and swaying as I fucked Kari. Quickly she sucked them both into her mouth, and began to massage my balls with her tongue. That was all I could take, and I exploded into Kari's cunt, sending her into another orgasm, just as she was ending the first. Having my balls emptied, seemed to spur Katie on, as she began to squirm around under Kari. I realized she was cumming as well. 

Have you ever came so hard that you passed out? Well, that's what happened to me. Last thing I remember was Katie sucking on my balls while I slammed Kari's pussy hard. We were all cumming..and then nothing. Next thing I know, I woke up alone on the bed. Was it all a dream? I tried to roll over to see if anyone was there, only to find I could not move. My hands and feet were tied to the bed. Too excited from the dream to panic, I just strained my head forward, looking around. Sure enough, I was alone, but I was naked, and hard as a rock. What in the world is going on? Who tied me up? And where are they? 

It didn't take long for that question to be answered. I hear giggling from the other room, and then the door opened. In walked Katie and Kari, naked. "It...it wasn't a dream?" They smiled and sat down on either side of me, Katie on the left, Carry on the right.

"No love, it wasn't a dream." Katie said. She leaned down and kissed me, followed by Kari doing the same. Katie looked up at Kari. "I guess we should explain huh?" Explain? Explain what? 

"Yeah, I guess he is a bit confused." Kari agreed. "Why don't you take care of that, while I explain?" Kari pointed to my cock. Katie just smiled, wrapped her hand around the base of it, and began to stroke it slowly. "You see," Kari began. "Katie here got in touch with me through you're myspace page. It seems you let slip to her that we have slept together before." I moaned when Katie's second hand cupped my balls. "And so we got to talking," Kari continued. "She told me about how much she wished she could fuck you. And I explained how you had confided in me, that you wanted her just as bad." It was getting difficult to pay attention, but being very interested in this, I tried my best. "When she told me about the trip, an idea struck me." She smiled at me. "You see, we both knew that you would be too scared to make a move on her, so we came up with a plan. I would show up, 'out of the blue', and get things started. And then she would simply join in." At this point, Kari leaned down and kissed the tip of my cock, making it jump just a bit. 

Katie then let go of me, and continued for Kari, as Kari began to swallow half of me. "I wasn't about to let you get away with it again," she explained. "And you know, as it turns out, both Kari and I were very interested in being with another woman, as well as having a threesome," she paused. "Thing is, the only guy we were interested in having one with, was you. So I told Kari what time I'd be coming in, and told her to get here a few hours later, assuring her that I would be pretending to sleep." She leaned down and kissed me. "I thought you had caught me for sure, when you sat there and watched me sleep for so long. I was sure you knew I was faking."

I was getting dangerously close to cumming once again. Kari must have sensed this, because she stopped and sat back up. "So now, you are going to do what you and your girl here have been fantasizing about for so long." She motioned for Katie to go ahead with the plan. "I got him nice and ready for ya babe. If you don't mind, I think I'd like to enjoy part of him as well." With that, she straddled my head, and lowered herself onto my face. Not wasting any time, I stick my tongue out, and quickly found her clit. At first contact, she began to push against my face harder. I began to wonder what Katie was doing, and then I found out. I felt a warm sensation on the head of my cock, followed by tightness. This was unmistakable. Katie was lowering herself onto my cock. My dreams were coming true at this very moment. I was finally learning what it felt like to be inside of Katie's box. I had waited, and dreamed of this for years. Apparently Katie had wanted it for some time too, because without warning, she just let gravity do it's work, and I felt my cock swallowed by her tightness. Instinctively I thrust up into her, but was held down both by my bonds, as well as both women sitting on me. But my thrusts quickly become irrelevant, as Katie began to bounce on my cock. 
