 Sommer sighed in relief as she swung her BMW into the drive out front of the side by side condo that Duke, her brother owned with his wife Brittney. They had been having trouble for some time and her brother had called her, fit to be tied, about that he just wasn't happy, this and that. Sommer tried to believe her brother, that he was at a bar drinking away his anger, but deep down she knew. Knew that he was shacked up with some fake boobed chick from the gym or the base, fucking his anger away. He had always been that way, never a clue in his head, but that was Duke and though he was a jackass, she still loved him because he was her only brother. 

She had driven down to comfort Brittney, having always liked her a little better than any of the other women Duke had been with over the years and when they had gotten married, Sommer had been over joyed, knowing that at least when she came to visit her brother she would have someone to talk to about more than just military this and supplement that. Even though her sister in law was a gym rat to the extreme, at least she had some other interests that they could talk about. She also held out hope that maybe she could build a bridge between them, get her brother to get his head out of his ass, come home, admit what he had done and maybe they could reconcile and be happy. 

She had no idea what she would find when she shut her car off and stepped out, stretching her back after the long drive down, her large breasts pushing hard against her dark button up shirt, her nipples poking into the front of her shirt and making the buttons strain to keep them back. 

She just didn't want Brittney to end up where she had, divorced with no kids, an ex-husband who only called when he wanted to throw a tantrum and a lonely house to come home to. Neither of them needed a man to keep them in a home, with Brittney being a successful physical trainer at one of the largest gyms in the state with a client list of some rich men and women who paid her fees without even batting an eye. Sommer owned her own consulting firm and did just fine despite what her cheating asshole of a husband had said would happen when she finally got tired of him stepping out on her and sent him packing three years ago. 

Still didn't make the nights any less lonely or the need for affection any less knowing you were taken care of. Sommer hadn't dated in more than five months and couldn't remember the last time she had been good and properly fucked. There was just no time for dating and most of the guys who trolled the dating sites and singles bars were shady as hell or losers with no job just looking for a quick fuck. She needed some good hard loving but not from some twentysomething with no life or job or prospects to speak of. 

She was not hard on the eyes either, her genes gifted her at 37 with 34DD breasts that would make a twenty year old jealous. Luck and no kids had kept them perky and upright despite her being almost 40. Pilates, Zumba and tibatta along with just good sense had kept her waist narrow and genes and her once a week leg day at the gym had given her the asset she was proudest of, her ass. She had an ass that would have gotten her into a lot more trouble than she already got into is she would have looked the way she did now in college. It wasn't big or creepy disproportionate, it was what Brittney had called a squat booty and if she had to admit it, she loved the way she looked getting out of the shower, shaving her legs or pussy, her butt round and rock hard behind her. It felt nice when somebody put their hands on it or gave it a good swat during the fucking she knew she needed. 

She fiddled with her purse as she tried to find the key Brittney had given her when they had first moved in when Sommer swore she heard something from inside the apartment. Pausing for a second under the porch light she stilled her breathing and listened. She could hear something but was not sure what it was. None of the front windows were open on the house, nor on her neighbor's house so it wasn't a TV or something. 

Shrugging, Sommer slid the key into the lock and opened the door quietly, getting ready to call out to Brittney when she heard finally what had only been a glimmer of sound before, the sound of a woman getting done right and hard. 

The rhythmic slap slap slap of wet flesh colliding filled the house as she stepped into the main room and closed the door quietly. Sommer stood in embarrassed shock as she listened to a woman, Brittney she assumed, moaning and wailing at the top of her lungs as someone pounded away at her from the sound of it. 

Part of her told her she should go, that Duke had come home and confessed his sins and that Brittney, being forgiving to a fault, had taken him back into her heart and then let the makeup sex begin. 

That was until she heard Brittney exclaim some filthy talk, saying another man's name and begging for him to fuck her harder. 

"Come on John...fuck...me...fuck...me oh my god!" Each break in her speech was punctuated by a series of body impacts. Then Sommer remembered who John was. The sexy next door neighbor, Duke's best friend. They had met a couple of summers back out on his boat, she and Brit had been laying out on the bow, sunning themselves, he and Duke stood in the back driving and drinking and talking about this new gun and that new scope or some other guy shit. 

She remembered he had been cut, muscular in the way most marines are but kept himself up after he got out. He worked at the same job Brit did; Sommer knew she would love to have a training session from him. And now here he was, fucking his best friend's wife. Bad form to say the least, Sommer felt two distinct things as she edged deeper into the house, the sound of their fucking ebbing and flowing as they took a minute, kissing loudly as they switched positions, before the bed began its rhythmic creaking again, Brit's sexy whimpers, the sound of wet flesh on flesh. Sommer knew she had to see for herself the blistering action just in the bedroom and she knew that her black thong was soaking wet and clinging to her engorged and freshly shaven pussy. 

Being single and alone meant she had to take care of herself quite often and she wanted nothing more than to rub her clit fast and hard until she came over and over and over again. She had to see it, had to see the fucking Brit was getting, then she would go out to her car and frig her pussy until she came screaming in the front seat of her car. 

She edged against the corner of the wall, just outside the partially open door, gasping as she saw the sight before her. It was john and Brit and they were fucking, the dirty kind of fucking she had only read about in dirty stories on the net while she played with her pussy alone in her bed. 

Brit and John were kissing and groping one another, Brits strong muscular body, those glorious breasts and hips, her clean shaven pussy peaking from between her strong legs, those thick lips, engorged and slick with her wetness, gaping from the fucking she was positioning to continue. 

Then she saw it, John's cock. It was huge, big like the cheap pornos she had seen in college, the head large and the shaft slick with fluid and thick veins that run up its length. She unzipped her skirt without even knowing she was doing it, it pooled on the floor about her nylon clad feet, she could feel the wetness had overwhelmed her panties and was now running down the insides of her thighs, darkening the mesh at the top of her black thigh highs. She held her breath as she slid her the fingers of her right hand down her taunt belly and over her smooth mound, she nearly fell as her index finger ran over her clit, the sensation was so intense. Brit had pushed John away, onto his back now, he lay there, his massive member bobbing in time with his pulse, straight out, obscene, god, and she wanted to touch it so bad. Brit was running the fat head of his prick between her pussy lips, over her clit, back and forth, eyes closed and mouth agape as she teased him before slipping the head inside her and sliding down over his length, issuing a whimper as she slid down to his base. 

Sommer's fingers began to circle her clit, paying attention to it but still teasing, rolling her pussy lips in a tight circle with her fingers before rolling over her clit again. This was her pace, her zone, she could cum in no time flat at this rate but she wanted to savor it, watch Brit ride that thick cock for a while, cum a few times herself before she excused herself quietly and left. Sommer bit her lip so hard she almost bled, slipping her other hand up under her shirt, pulling down one of the cups of her black lace demi bra and rubbing and pinching her erect nipples as she ground her clit against her wet fingertips. 

Brit had taken up a stance over John like a jockey, her feet flat against the mattress beside his thighs, his strong hands on her hips and nearly perfectly athletic butt, she began raising and lowering herself up and down his long thick cock, raising all the way up until just the mushroom cap of was inside her and then slamming down until she rest against his large balls before being the journey against with growing speed, his strong arms and her equally strong and legs aiding the torrid act. 

"Yea, oh god you are so deep inside me...you feel so good." Brit whimpered and clawed at John's strong pecs, the slapping gaining in speed and ferocity, their fucking was almost violent in its aggression but Sommer only fell deeper under the spell of their passion, now alternating between rolling her clit against her soaking wet fingertips and dipping her ring and middle fingers deep into her clinging tight pussy, trying not to moan aloud in passion, she felt so tight, even with her rabbit viberator being an almost constant passenger inside her before she could fall asleep, she still knew a cock like John's would feel like it was attached to an elephant. 

Brit lost all speech suddenly and dropped to her knees beside John's pelvis, his massive cock buried up to its root insider her as she began to saw back and forth on him, her eyes clamped shut, her darkly tanned flesh shinny with sweat in the low light of the room, the six pack of her abs clenching tightly every so often as she rolled her bare pussy around at ever growing speed, her whimpers growing in volume and desperation. 

"Baby I'm gonna cum really soon." John said as Brit continued her assault on his member, taking hold of her hips and adding to the speed of her gyrations and the volume of her cries. Sommer felt a quiver of anticipation run through her core as she too neared orgasm, edging forward a bit as the pair's sex reached the inevitable climax, hoping that she would get to see his great member twitch as it expelled what could only be a geyser of cum all over her sister in law, Sommer hoped sordidly that she would get to see it all over Brit's grapefruit sized breasts or perhaps insider her mouth, the thought made Sommer's inside clench down suddenly, the first sign of a massive orgasm to follow. 

"Do it baby, fucking fill me up!" Brit shouted, leaning back pulling her hands up into her sweat matted black hair, rocking her hips as fast as she could. "I wanna feel you pulse inside me again baby!!" 

The shock of it rocked rolled over her as Sommer realized two things: Brit had been with this guy before, and she was letting him cum inside her, fill her bare soaking wet pussy with his hot seed. It was sordid, risky and only made her body react even more when she watched John cry out as he pulled Brit tightly to him, slow her rolling hips to a crawl as he gave a number of short barking cries and Brit joined him, her cry was like one almost in pain, she crushed her breasts in her strong hands as her own orgasm tore through her, it seemed to catch hold of Sommer as well, her pussy contracted rhythmically around her fingers and she pulled her palm up tight against her clit, pressing on it herd, knowing she could ride this wave until she fell over. 

She heard herself moan and tried to catch her breath, stop herself from being too loud and being caught, she failed as she clutched and gripped her pussy as her orgasm continued to roar through her like a tidal wave, Sommer had to reach out with her free hand to hold herself up on the wall from falling over. 

"How long have you been standing here?" 

Sommer opened her eyes, realizing she had been standing there in the hall and how it must have looked, lurking in the dark, two fingers inside her pussy, hunching over with each wave of her orgasm, black thong balled up around her hand, black lacy thigh high stockings clinging to her wet thighs, black and white striped business suit top, open nearly all the way, her large breasts having shook free of the lacy demi bra inside, her nipples red from her rough treatment but still aching to be touched. 

Brit stood in front of her, still naked and sweaty, John's cum running down the inside of her thighs no doubt, Sommer licked her lips as she saw John was now just inside the doorway, his big cock hanging there, a smile on his sweaty face. 

"I'm sorry, I came by to see if you were ok, my brother leaving and all. I never expected...never expected to find you here with another man." Sommer knew she should have been angry, cursed Brit out for being a whore or something. She was in no shape to talk. There, looking at John and his chiseled muscles, his excellent v-shaped build and the log of a cock between his legs, she knew there was no way she wasn't going to at least touch it if she had her way.

"I'm sorry you had to see that, Sommer, but I'm not going to lie and say I regret being with John, not this time, or the many times before today." Britney said as she came to stand only inches in front of her sister in law, deep brown tanned skin in sharp contrast to Sommers own milk white skin. 

Sommer had never been with a woman, she had kissed her roommates best friend once or twice on a drunken night in college and fingered herself in front of her on a dare but she would have been lying if she had said she was not every turned on by Brit, standing there naked as she was.

Her six packed abs and narrow waist, the flare of her hips and the bubble of her butt; all of it wages from her hard work in the gym. The swell of her large perfectly round tits vaulting above her small torso, her flawless skin tanned the color of brown sugar and the midnight black curly hair framing her amazing face and big pouty lips. Not to mention the perfect pussy peaking at her form the gap between her muscular thighs as she drifted even closer to summer, the smell of her perfume and that of the sex from the room swirled around her and she wanted nothing more than to reach out and take hold of her, crush her against her body and kiss her hard, let her trembling hands roam the playground that was Britney's perfect body. 

Britney made that determination for her and leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips, biting gently at her full lips as she worked her way up full kiss, her sweet tongue toying with Sommer's teeth until she opened her mouth and accepted it into hers, bringing her hands up over brits, back and down, tentatively over the swell of her squat hardened ass. 

Britney broke the kiss, moving to Sommer's neck, licking and sucking her way along the flesh of her neck and collarbone, her hands moved up to the last buttons on her shirt and undid them, pulling the shirt open and pushing it off her shoulders to pool on the floor, reaching up and unclasping the lacy bra at the front, letting it fall to join the shirt at her feet before moving back in to wrap her hands around Sommer, kissing her deeply and wantonly, their hands roaming over one another. 

Sommer moaned into her sister in law's mouth as she felt Brit run her hands up her sides and over her large breasts, pulling and pinching at her engorged nipples. Brit broke their kiss again, lowering her head and sucking one of Sommer's erect nipples into her mouth, sucking hard and biting gently at it before releasing it and rolling her tongue over it in long slow circles. Planting little kisses on it before repeating the process again on the other breast and nipple. 

Sommer let her hands roam through Brit's sweaty curls, pulling her tight against her body as she continued to work over her large heavy breasts with her skilled mouth. 

Opening her eyes she saw john still standing in the doorway, pulling at his cock as he watched them make out, Sommer licked her lips and groaned as she saw the column of flesh begin to swell and thicken becoming even larger. She could feel her pussy begin to seep again at the sight of it, leaking again down the inside of her thighs in anticipation of touching that, putting it in her mouth and then inside her. 

Brit moved up behind her then, running one hand over her breast and then up to her neck, gently caressing her and then letter her caress drop back down to her breasts and torso; all along her body was the gooseflesh and heat of her sister in laws caress.

Sommer felt her stomach tense as she felt Brits soft hand trail down over her taunt belly, circle her belly button lightly and then drop over her mound, all the while nibbling and kissing at her neck, sending electric shocks down through her body that culminated at her attention raw nipples and lower as Brit found her clit and began to apply pressure to her button, circling her hand in the narrow space between her legs, finally sliding two fingers deep into her, Sommer felt like she would faint from the crippling ecstasy of Brits touch. 

"Holy fuck, Sommer. Your pussy is so wet. Do you like it when I touch you baby? DO you like having my fingers inside you? Do you like it when I play with your clit baby?" Brit whispered in her ear as she ran her tongue over it, sucking on her earlobe and adding a third finger to the mess between her thighs. Sommer had a wet pussy when she got hot, her ex had loved it, so had the men she had fucked over the years, loved how it felt to have a thick cock gliding into and out of her, coated in her juices to ease their intrusion as she flexed around them, coaxing the pleasure from them as the pressure and pleasure inside her built to its boiling point and an orgasm seized her, causing her to convulse in sweet release. 

She was far wetter now standing in the hall, her sister in law gnawing at her neck and ears, three fingers dipping into her soaking depths with growing urgency, she was sure she was actually dripping around the invading digits, making a sweet sexy mess on the hardwood between her splayed, quaking legs.

Sommer was totally lost to the sensation, her head back on Brit's shoulder, eyes pinched shut, mouth open as she moaned obscenely at the ceiling, coiling her fingers into Brit's sweaty hair as she reached back over her shoulder, letting her other hand reach back and grip at Brits hard athletic ass.

Sommer moaned loudly as she felt another set of lips close over her previously unoccupied nipple, lowering her gaze and seeing that John had taken the que and approached the pair, dropping his skilled lips and tongue to one of her erect nipples, sucking and licking it so well and giving her such needed attention, the pleasure so exquisite that it almost hurt. She was awash in sensation. Totally open to the pair as they worked her over like she was a soaking playground of sexual need.

Time to take the reins a bit, Sommer thought as she released Brits ass and snaked her hand between them, probing blindly for the wet folds of her sister in law's pussy and finally, with some help felt her middle finger touch the hairless lips and slid between them, slipping into the cum-drenched depths easily and began to probe and dig for Brit's g-spot, rewarded a moment later when she felt Brit tense and heard her moan in her ear before she redoubled her kissing at Sommer's neck, holding on as Sommer twirled her digit inside her, rubbing the walls of her sopping pussy. Her other hand reached out grasping the piece of flesh covered iron the sprouted from John's flat abdomen, her had working over his cock with gathering speed as he stepped closer, releasing his lip lock on her tit and standing up to simply enjoy the attention, finally reaching out and letting his hand join Brit's between her soaking thighs. 
