 This story is the 10th featuring these characters.

*

Carly and Steve had long talked about the idea of going to a swingers club but never quite got round to it. Carly had decided to take a month off work as she was starting to get tired of the long shifts. She had earned enough money to keep them going for months and felt that she needed some time away from the massage parlour.

Steve had never pressured her for sex while she was working but Carly felt that she was neglecting his needs. Steve had slept with Carly's friend Emma a few months ago, she had forgiven this but was aware that she needed some time with Steve.

Sharon agreed to give Carly the time off and promised to keep her job open for her. This was a relief to her knowing she could enjoy some time to herself.

That Friday they agreed to go out for a few drinks in their local pub, it was the first time in a couple of months they'd been out together.

"I'm sorry I've neglected you lately." Carly said, "It's just difficult to do it all day then come home and do it again."

"I understand," Steve replied, "I do really miss the sex life we used to have but at least we've got enough money to live on now."

"Thanks for being so understanding," Carly said, "We'll have to use this next few weeks to have some fun!"

Steve smiled. They chatted and drank for the next couple of hours, really enjoying each others company. Once closing time came they made their way home. Steve whispered to Carly how he couldn't wait to fuck her. This was how they used to be when they started seeing each other over 10 years ago.

They were both pretty drunk after a good session but decided to have one more drink when they got in. Carly also went outside for a cigarette, as soon as she was back in through the door Steve pounced on her and started kissing her.

Carly responded, passionately kissing her husband and feeling his arse. She felt a spark that had been missing for a while, it felt good. Steve then put his hand down the front of her jeans, inside her knickers and started to rub her pussy. He had an urgency about him that had also been missing a while.

"We can't do this here!" Carly suddenly broke off and announced. Their doors at the back were all glass so anybody would have been able to see them as the lights were on.

Steve said nothing and continued to rub Carly's now soaking slit. He pulled up her top with his free hand and started to kiss and lick her nipples through her lacy bra. Carly tried to protest again but could feel herself getting swept away by this feeling.

Steve now took her bra off and undid her jeans, sliding them and her knickers to the floor. Here she was, now totally naked in their Dining Room in front of a window with the lights on. The drink may have helped but she was now incredibly turned on by this.

Steve turned her around and told her to bend over. She did this supporting herself on their table. Steve got down on his knees and parted Carly's cheeks. She gasped when his tongue made contact with her lips, her legs felt weak but the feeling was fantastic. Steve gradually worked on her till she was almost coming then switched to lick her arsehole. He quickly penetrated her with his middle finger and rubbed her clit with his thumb.

This pushed Carly over the edge, her legs shook as she felt her orgasm come over her in waves. Steve probed deeper into her anus as she came which just heightened the pleasure. 

Steve got up, again saying nothing and dropped his trousers. He had an immense hard on and pressed the tip against Carly's moist hole. With one push he was inside, making her gasp again. Steve fucked her hard for the next couple of minutes, both of them occasionally looking out of the window, wondering if anyone was watching them.

Steve then pulled out. "I want you to suck my cock." He announced to her.

Carly dropped to her knees and took Steve's cock in her mouth. She could taste her own juices on him an hungrily sucked, her taste driving her more wild with lust.

Carly kept working on Steve while he lent back, enjoying watching his wife devour his cock. 

Steve lasted for a good 5 minutes before he could feel that he was going to come. He warned Carly as he thought this could be a big load with the not having had sex for a couple of weeks.

Carly continued to suck Steve while also wanking him hard. When Steve finally came, he shouted out loud, such was the feeling. Carly felt the first bolt of spunk in her mouth then directed the next couple over her face, knowing this would please Steve even more. He continued to come over her tits, some landed on her shoulder, some over her stomach and legs. She was covered but both of them felt satisfied, they had needed sex like this. 

Carly cleaned herself up and finished her drink. Steve had gone up while she had her last cigarette. She had expected him to be wanting to go to sleep when she got upstairs but he was sitting up watching a porn film. Steve was already starting to get hard again so Carly joined him in bed and started to slowly wank him back to stiffness. They hadn't had sex twice in a night for a long time, there was no way she was going to miss this chance.

Steve then entered Carly in the missionary position, kissing her and licking her nipples as the fucked. It was lazy, loving sex this time and extremely satisfying. Carly then went on top until exhaustion saw them stop. It was the best sex they'd had in a long time.

They cuddled up together and carried on watching the porn film which was now on a scene supposedly set in a swingers club. 3 couples were swapping partners and generally indulging in every sex act you could imagine.

"Have you ever fancied trying a place like that?" Steve asked.

"I wouldn't mind giving it a go," Carly answered. "We've just never had the time recently."

"We could do now you're off for a month." Steve continued.

"I'll give it a go, you know me!" Carly said, giving him a wink.

The next morning Carly started to look at local Swingers clubs through the haze of her hangover. Steve had gone to meet a couple of friends to watch a football match. She found a club about 10 miles from where they lived which looked very nice. The reviews she read all seemed to say it was a very relaxed, friendly club where new couples were always welcome.

"I've found a club." Carly said to Steve when he got in. "It looks lovely and has had great reviews."

"I like the sound of this." he replied.

"I've had a look through the site and it looks like Saturdays would be best." she continued. "They don't allow single men on Saturdays, only couples so there should be plenty of people like us there."

"I'm up for this," Steve said with a smile, "I've always fancied doing this!"

They agreed to give it a go next Saturday, why not give it a go they thought.

On the Saturday night they both got dressed up smartly as they knew it was a place to dress up a bit. Carly put on her favorite sexy underwear which made her feel great. They arrived at the club at 9pm, both of them felt the butterflies. They had tried a lot of different sexual thugs over the last couple of years but this was new to both of them.

They were welcomed in by a fantastic looking woman of about 30. She was dressed in a business like black suit with a low cut top showing a generous amount of cleavage. Her clothes spoke volumes about the kind of place it was, very well presented and classy.

"So it's your first time?" The woman said, introducing herself as Amy.

"Yes," Carly replied, "We have tried swinging before but never a club."

"You'll have a fantastic time here then!" She smiled.

"We only have a couple of house rules," Amy continued, "If any of the rooms have shut doors you don't go in. This means that it's a private party."

Carly and Steve both nodded.

"If a door is open it means you're welcome to go in." Amy went on. There are a couple of open rooms where anyone can watch, that's where the exhibitionists go to play! It's always a popular place for new couples to start.

Carly and Steve continued to listen and acknowledge. They couldn't wait to see what it was all about now.

"Our only other rule is to respect people," she continued, "I know it sounds patronizing but you'd be surprised how many people don't understand that no means no!"

Amy showed Carly and Steve through to the bar where they settled in for a drink. They were enjoying the people watching, trying to guess what people did for a living, generally enjoying themselves.

They had noticed a couple that they guessed were in their very early 40s looking over towards them, Steve had picked it up first and told Carly. They were both too nervous to go over and chat so sat tight and ordered another drink.

After about half an hour the place started to fill up. The music was turned up a notch and the dancefloor started to fill. The thumping beat of the House music soon had people dancing close.

The couple that had been smiling at them were also now on the dancefloor, after about 10 minutes they made their way over to Carly and Steve. They both now had their hearts in mouths.

"Hello," said the woman, "Mind if we join you?"

"No, of course not." Carly replied.

"First time here?" she went on.

"Yes, is it obvious?" Carly asked nervously.

"No, we're fairly new to this club too and thought we'd have a chat with a new couple. Some of the more seasoned crowd have their own little clique." she said, in a disapproving manor.

They introduced themselves as Kate and Tony, they were both well dressed and average build. Tony was about 6 foot tall with cropped hair, Kate had a curvy size 12 figure Carly guessed, with long dark hair and a nice smile. They were both attractive and looked like they looked after themselves. 

"Do you fancy going to one of the communal rooms?" Tony asked. "No pressure to do anything but there might be some action to watch!"

Carly and Steve agreed and followed them to a room on the first floor. It was a huge room with a bed bug enough for 6 in the middle. The room was darkly lit but certainly enough to see fully what was going on. There were laid back sofa's around the edge of the room for people to lounge and watch, Carly and Steve thought this was fantastic.

In the middle of the bed, a man was laid out naked with a woman sitting on his face, while another woman sucked his erect cock. Sitting on the edge of the bed was another man that was obviously one of the women's husband. They all looked to be about late 40s but again were all in good shape.

Carly and Steve were a little shocked at how open it all was. The woman sitting on the man's face smiled as the 4 of them entered the room, the others were too engrossed in the action to even notice. They sat on one of the sofa's and noticed that one other couple were also watching on the other side of the room.

"This is so fucking horny!" Carly whispered in Steve's ear, "I need to have sex here tonight."

"You will!" Steve smiled, "I think Tony and Kate are up for it, I certainly am!"

Carly agreed and got back to watching the action. The women had now changed places, one now astride the man's cock and the other sat on his face. The man watching was now wanking slowly and was clearly hugely aroused. They man laying on the bed let out a muffled cry and shook. Both women got off the man, the woman riding him taking off his condom. The woman then turned to the man wanking and stroked his balls. He eventually came in her hand, looking very happy with himself. The 2 couples then left the watchers to themselves.

"How did you enjoy that?" Tony said to Carly and Steve.

"That was such a turn on!" Carly was happy to admit, "I really enjoyed watching that!"

"This room always helps people get in the mood!" Kate added, "I don't suppose you fancy joining us upstairs?"

Carly looked at Steve and nodded her agreement. Kate led the way to a room on the 2nd floor, the room was much smaller with room for a large bed and not much else.

"This is a little more private," Tony said, "I'm not sure how far you want to go tonight, do you want to watch or play?" 

Tony was quite direct now, the show had obviously got him horny and he wanted some of the action.

"We don't mind joining in," Steve replied, "We've tried a few things like this at home before."

"How about we start off with our own partners then see how we feel about swapping?" Kate suggested.

"Sounds good to me!" Carly replied.

They hadn't mentioned that they had tried a few threesomes and an orgy before, but this was different anyway, more erotic and exciting rather than just plain dirty.

The 2 couples soon started to peel each others clothes off. Carly and Steve were kissing and touching while Kate had gone straight for Tony's cock. She took his full 7" length into her mouth, expertly deep throating him. Carly and Steve watched while they continued to touch.

Kate then slipped her knickers off and spread her legs allowing Tony to position himself between her legs. He started to lick her, slowly up and down her slit. Kate kept her eyes open to watch Carly who was now sucking Steve's cock, lazily alternating between licking his shaft and swallowing his length. Kate was soon bucking her hips and moaning loudly as she came.

"Do you want to swap partners tonight?" Kate said. Tony had already started to slowly fuck her now. Kate maintained eye contact with them as she received her husbands cock.

Carly made her way over to Kate and Tony and started to feel her tits. Steve also moved over and offered Kate his cock. She gladly accepted and took him in her mouth. Carly then reached down and started to rub Kate's clit. This made her stop sucking and gasp with pleasure.

Carly then took Tony's cock out of his wife and sucked, she loved tasting his wife's juice smeared on his length.

"I need to fuck you." Tony announced to Carly.

She said nothing, just laid back and opened her legs, stroking her wet pussy as Tony rolled on a condom. He licked at Carly's slit while she spread it with her fingers making her squirm with pleasure.

Steve also now moved down to tongue Kate, he licked her hungrily, penetrating her hole with his tongue which made her yelp. Kate them reached into her bag and pulled out a condom for Steve, she laid him down and rolled the condom over his erect shaft. Kate sat astride him, allowing his full length to enter her. 

As Steve looked over Tony was now fucking Carly hard. Steve enjoyed watching his wife receiving this pleasure as this beautiful woman rode him.

Tony was the first man to come, driving his cock into Carly he let go into the condom, holding her as he came. Steve soon followed as Kate rode him faster, practically milking his cock with her pussy.

The 4 of them laid chatting for the next 10 minutes, getting their breath back and talking about other things they'd like to do. Carly had told them about the gangbangs she had been a part of.

"Have you ever had 2 in you at once?" Kate asked Carly, "You know, one in the pussy and one in the Arse."

"Yes," she replied, "I've tried it a few times. It can get a bit intense but once you get over the initial pain it's unbelievable!"

"Will you boys do that for me?" Kate asked.

The 2 men smiled and nodded, this wouldn't be the kind if offer they were going to refuse!

While the boys got hard again, Kate and Carly kissed and touched each other. The girls put on a real show, kissing each other all over eventually settling in a 69, licking each other while looking up at their men, making sure they were enjoying this show. 

Carly then moved off to allow the 2 men to get to Kate. Steve pulled her up and guided her onto all fours and parted her bum cheeks. Tony knelt in front of her, allowing her to suck his cock again. Steve then started to lick Kate's arsehole, this was one of his favorite things so he savoured every moment of tasting her.

After a few minutes or licking, Steve entered her anus with a lubricated finger, followed by 2nd. Kate flinched at first but soon welcomed his attention.

Tony then laid on the bed and guided Kate onto his cock, she rode him while Steve worked her arsehole with his fingers. Carly then rolled a condom onto his cock and kissed him.

"Fuck her arse hard!" She told him, "Like you fuck mine."

Steve gradually edged his cock into Kate's tight arse. She held still until Steve and Tony were fully inside her. Once they were in they started to build up speed. Eventually both men were giving it everything they had, Kate was now screaming, her husband holding her as Steve pumped her arse hard.

Tony then tensed up and pulled Kate onto his cock, he released his load deep inside her. Kate collapsed on top of her husband allowing Steve to withdraw.

"I want your husband's spunk inside me." Kate announced to Carly.

Steve gave Carly a look as if to ask if that was ok.

"Give the lady what she wants then!" Carly ordered him.

"I want it in my arse," she told him. "No other man apart from Tony has ever came in my arse. I'm yours, do it now."

Kate laid back allowing Steve to hold her legs back. He slipped his now condom free cock into Kate's arse and again began to fuck her hard. Carly and Tony played with her tits as Steve fucked her with all the energy he could muster, them with one final push, shot his load into Kate's arsehole.

The pair of them were totally spent, exhausted. After a few moments to recover, the 4 of them got dressed ready to rejoin the party in the bar. They spent the rest of the evening drinking and chatting to each other while others started to get it on. After exchanging phone numbers the couple agreed to meet again soon. 

"That was so good tonight!" Carly said to Steve on the way home, "I enjoyed the intimacy and the erotic side tonight. It was different to other things we've done."

"Maybe we need to change the stuff we do for a while then?" he replied.

"Yeah, let's play it by ear and see where we end up. Could be fun........"