 This is a work of fiction. If you find it truthful then you live a much different lifestyle than I do. My writing style, as with most writers, is evolving. You can see the differences by reading some of my previous submission. I hope you enjoy this story; but like or dislike I am always interested in your comments.

Swenson Manor Chronicles: Jo Baley's Story

The view at the top of a short set of stairs descending from the upper yard level to the pool deck, was both spectacular and breathtaking. Actually, there were two views to consider. First was the clear blue of the sky reflected on to the large calm lake, and the extension of that reflection to the west toward what would, as soon as the sun set, turn into purple and orange shrouded mountains. A second view was the patio and pool area of Swenson Manor. The patio began at the back of the house and extended outward several yards to an elevated walled edge. At the center point of the wall was located a wide, three stairs deep cut, that descended to a very large rectangular shaped pool.

Around the pool was a fifteen-foot wide, natural stone decking that provided an expansive area in which to play or relax. At the house end of the pool, but slightly detached to one side, was an irregular shaped Jacuzzi large enough to hold twenty or more people. Spread about the patio and pool deck areas were many two-person lounge-chairs, a variety of mattresses large enough for three or more people, and several other large pieces of padded furniture; they looked like sawhorses with pads draped over them. If you wanted a drink there were two bars; both large, and well stocked. One was located near the house and the other was located at the far end of the pool area. In the center of the patio, staff members worked to cover tables with linen tablecloths as preparation to serve a very substantial buffet. 

That is what we saw from our position at the top of the stairs, but we need to go back one week to understand how a poor girl like me arrived at this point. It all began with a knock at my door. 

"Yes, may I help you?

"Are you Ms. Jo Baley?"

"Yes."

"I have a package for you. Please sign here on the line."

I signed, and in return was handed a large shipping envelope like you would use with FedEx or UPS. The envelope was very light, and the return address, while local, was unfamiliar to me, and there was no name listed. It was a perplexing mystery I hoped to solve by opening the envelope. Inside was a second envelope roughly the size frequently used for wedding invitations. I immediately wondered which of my cousins was announcing their wedding, but just as quickly dismissed the idea as none of them would go to such an expense. Besides, who would announce a wedding using deep green colored envelopes with gold script lettering?

Imagine, a hand delivered invitation; this seemed to portend something monumental. The picture was unclear to me so I stepped back, took a calming breath, and forced myself to not rush and rip open the envelope. Rather, I carefully peeled back the edges of the sealed flap to reveal a folded card in the same color of green as the envelope. The card, as expected, was an invitation. I removed it from the envelope and laid it in front of me on the table. I don't know why I felt so anxious. It was as if I was frightened to proceed further. After a few moments I retrieved my courage and opened the pages. On the left side was a handwritten note that read: 

"Jo, we have heard many good things about you. We hope you will join us. Please bring a companion. Paula" 

I didn't know anyone named Paula, so the mystery continued. On the right hand side was typical invitation information.

