 A few weeks have passed since Shelly danced at a strip club. I really never thought anything else would be going through her mind of doing anything more than that. Although I spent many nights reliving that evening, watching her stripping in front of all those strangers, how great it would've been if she would have been getting banged by all them.

We were sitting watching television one evening, Shelly looked over at me and asked if I would ever consider swinging? I kind of looked at her little funny and said" I thought we did that with our friends while back,"

"No, was thinking more in the line of something with strangers"

I have to admit that the thought of seeing Shelly getting banged by other people would be a definite turn on. Looking at her, I have to say that I have no idea of how this would ever happen. "We would have to find a place where no one knows who we are. I wouldn't want anyone from where we work being there. Do you have any idea of where to even look?"

Shelly just sort of shrug her shoulders, and said that she would search around on the Internet to see what she could find.

After about two weeks of searching, Shelly, manage to come up with a couple different sites that dealt with swinging and alternate lifestyles. The one website that we really read into was in a small town about 2 1/2 hour drive, where we lived. There was a contact link and when Shelly clicked it on and opened up a page with a man and a woman's picture. It had the caption of "hello, we are Lynn and James, if you wish to join us for fun and alternate lifestyles, click the link below to e-mail us."

With that Shelly sent an e-mail to them. We were both kind of waiting for an auto reply but nothing happened. We both just looked at each other and figured maybe the e-mail wasn't valid anymore. It was getting late and we both decided that we were going to go to bed.

The next evening after we got home from work and have our dinners, the kids took off their usual activities. Shelly decided to go back on the Internet to more searching. When she opened up her e-mails, there was one with the subject line of Lynn and James. Shelly opened the e-mail and called me over to read together. As we both sat there reading it over and were surprised that towards the bottom, there was some questions that we had to answer and send back to them. The e-mail also stated that not everyone are accepted and their parties were by invitation only.

I looked at Shelly and said "what do we have to lose except few minutes of our time answering few questions."

There were twenty-three questions that were either basically, yes or no, or multiple selections. At the end was an open dialog box that asked the question "why do you want to go swinging?" also stated that there had to be some type of answer or the application would be ignored.

We decided to make our answer as that both would be truly turned on by watching each other and experience having sex with other people.

We waited for a reply from our e-mail for a couple days but didn't hear anything. We were thinking that our application was rejected, and that maybe we should start a search on the Internet. So again we started to search that evening but after a few hours we couldn't find anything that we thought would work for us. It was getting late so we decided to end our search and go to bed.

The next day was Friday and as we returned home from work, we did our usual routine and went over to Jerry and Katie's place. It was nothing out of the ordinary Friday ritual. As much as I wanted to talk with the guys about finding the swinger's club, I knew that I couldn't since this was something that I want to keep between Shelly and me.

As we were walking home that evening, I could tell that Shelly was somewhat feeling down. I asked her what was wrong but I already knew the answer. I looked at her and said that we would find something that would work for us.

When we got home, Shelly walked over to the computer and turned on. As she opened up the e-mail, Shelly called over to me that there was one subject line -- greetings from Lynn and James. She opened the e-mail and we both sat there reading it. Although it wasn't an invitation to a swinging party but requesting that we could meet them in person to be interviewed. There was a name of the restaurant and town it was in along with meeting time of one o'clock in the afternoon on Saturday.

I looked at Shelly and said are you ready to take the next step? She smiled and said yes. With that we sent a reply that we would meet them tomorrow. We both kind of wondered what was going to happen on Saturday since we were meeting in a restaurant. This made me feel somewhat safe that we are meeting in a public place.

Next day we got up and had some breakfast, and told the kids we had to go somewhere for the day.They really didn't mind since they spent Saturdays with their friends. So at ten o'clock Shelly and I jumped in the car and headed out to meet Lynn and James there

It was about ten to one when we found the restaurant. It was a small family-style place a few miles off the Main road. There were only a few vehicles in the parking lot, so we knew the place wasn't very crowded. We walked into the restaurant, looked around and recognize them from the picture on their website. We walked over to the their table and introduced ourselves to them.

The waitress came over and asked us what we wanted. Lynn stated that this place served the greatest Apple pie in the state. With that we each ordered a slice of and coffee.

For about the first five or ten minutes basically chatted about the drive over and how good the pie taste. After that conversation turned to the subject swinging. James stated that they run a very safe and clean parties.

We said okay and that is something we are looking forward towards, and that we felt being the distance from where we live, that we should not run into anyone we know.

They both began asking us questions about our lifestyles. At first conversation was a little uncomfortable being that we were in a restaurant, but after looking around I could see that no one was sitting close enough to hear us. After twenty minutes or so, James says that everything sounds good with us but there is one more thing that we have to do first.

I looked over at him and asked him what that would be?

James replied that we would need to get checked for STDs.We both kind of looked at them with a stunned look on our faces but he assured us that this was for the safety of everyone that goes to the parties. He said you can go to your doctor or we know one that is very discrete.

I whispered to Shelly that I really didn't feel comfortable asking our family physician to check us for STDs. We decided then to use the physician that use. James told us that he isn't in his office on Saturdays but since he is personal friends with them,he can call the house and see if he can do a test.

After a few minutes of James on his cell phone, he said that he can see us and to the blood test. So we followed them down the road to the house where the doctor lived. It only took about fifteen minutes to fill out the forms, draw the blood and have a physical check.

After that we followed Lynn and James to their place. They lived in a rural area where there were not many homes close by. We turned off the road and went down a dirt road through a wooded area. Around 100 yards there was a clearing and you could see the house. As we pulled up and got out, they said welcome to our home.

The house appeared to be a ranch-style home with a privacy fence off to the left, and then a medium size pole building. The four of us walked over to the pole building and went inside. There were benches going down one wall and towards the house where three white garage doors. James opened one of the garage doors and exposing a view of large swimming pool. Built against the house was a large awning.

"This is where we have our swinging parties. You won't be invited until we get results back from medical test. Here is a list of rules that we do have and if you are invited, print out e-mail or you will not be admitted. We have smaller parties on Friday nights and larger ones on Saturdays."

As we sat on one of the benches, James handed a photo album to us. "These are some pictures of some gatherings that we have had in the past."

There were pictures from inside the building and also from around the pool of people engaging in sex. As we both were studying photographs, James said to us "are you comfortable with what you are looking at?"

We both kind of look at each other and almost simultaneously replied yes.

James said "okay, we just don't want either of you coming to a party and then freaking out. I have had couples that in the past couldn't deal with the fact one of them was having sex with other people."

Lynn then came out with a digital camera said we need to take your picture. I kind of jokingly asked if we had to get naked? She chuckled back and said if you want to but right now we're only interested in your faces. She took our pictures and then they said keep an eye on your e-mail. It usually takes less than ten days to get results of the blood test. We have scheduled a party two Friday's from now and one on a Saturday after that. 

Lynn asked if we had a preference of days. Although I we'd be a preferred to do the smaller party, we decided to go with a Saturday event's. With that Shelly and I went back into our car and drove home. 

We chatted along the way about what this may be like since this would be with only people we didn't know personally. I asked Shelly if she was nervous about this? She replied that she was somewhat anxious but also excited that we both were going to do this. She asked me what my thoughts were. I said that I hope that both of us come out of it completely satisfied.

That night after we got home and we are retiring to the bedroom, Shelly asked me if I was going to have any reservations about having group sex with strangers? I kind of looked at her and wondered if she was having second thoughts about this. I said to her "what you mean?"

She turned towards me while I was putting on my jogging shorts and said, "I was wondering what you would be thinking when I would be sucking multiple cocks and getting fucked by them. From what we've seen in the photos and from the videos we've seen online, the women seem to have sex with at least four or five guys sometimes more. I was just wondering if this was going to bother you?"

Shelly stopped for a second, staring at my crotch, then said "well I think I see my answer."

She walked over and pulled a jogging shorts down, exposing my rock hard cock.

"You are actually getting turned on by this, aren't you?"

As I looked at her, I had to admit that I did find watching her getting banged was exciting. I told her that ever since we got together with our friends and I watched each of the guys fuck her, I wanted to see her do more.

With that Shelly did something unexpected, she slid off her night clothes ,dropped to her knees and started sucking my cock while she was telling me things she would like done to her at the swinging party. As she was telling me how she wanted to have at least five different cocks so she would be sucking and fucking nonstop. When hearing that I began cumming and shooting my load into her waiting mouth. With that she smiled and said "you are going to enjoy what I'm going to do at the party".

Next morning after eating breakfast we picked up the list that they gave us and read the following:

Anyone that is intoxicated or under the influence of drugs will not be permitted to participate

Anyone that is violent or forceful will be escorted out

Recommend wearing comfortable clothes that are easy to take off

We do supply light wine, wine coolers and beer to help get people in the mood -- only one per person

Please bring carrying bag to put your clothes in

Bring a towel - we have outdoor showers -- Coldwater only

Remember that even though this is an open sex party, please be courteous to the other guest

And most of all socialize, relax and have fun.

After reading this we both agreed that this sounded like a good place for us to experiment with sexual relationships with other people. We now couldn't wait to get our invitation.

After ten days we were monitoring our e-mail carefully, he became disappointed waiting for a response from James and Lynn. After a few more days we still didn't get any e-mails and began wondering if we failed our blood test. Even though it's been about two months since we had the group sex with her friends, we began wondering if we contracted something from one of them. Shelly was even considering setting up an appointment with our family doctor. Although we were both worried I told her let's wait a few more days.

It was Wednesday and we both just got home from work, being both of us were tired, we took the kids and just went out to get something to eat. After having our dinner and stopping at the mall for a while, we returned home. Shelly went and turned on the computer to check our e-mail. She called me over and said there is one from James and Lynn. I looked at it and tell her to open it up.

Written in e-mail was.

Dear Shelly and Jim

you both are invited to our swinging party this coming Saturday. Please be at our residence between 11 AM and 12:30 PM. No one will be admitted after 12:30 PM. Please print out this e-mail and bring it with you. 

Your friends

Lynn and James

Once the initial excitement of getting invitation calm down, Shelly called Katie to see if it be okay for the kids to stay over at their place on Saturday. Katie asked her what was going on that day, Shelly said that we want to have a special day to ourselves.

As we made plans for Saturday, Shelly asked what should she wear. I jokingly gave her reply that she should only wear a smile. She looked back at me and said that will be happening there. I then suggest that she wear a short skirt and one of her semi-transparent shirts with no bra or panties. She smiled and said are you serious? I replied back yes, I think that would be really hot for you to do. She stood there thinking for a few moments and then said "I'll go braless but I am going to wear a thong and non-revealing blouse.

As we both got ready for bed and got under the covers, Shelly asked me if I had any fantasy's of the upcoming party. I really didn't know where she was going with this so I asked her as far as what?

"Well you know like you have any fantasies of what you would like me to be do or what you would like to do?"

I scratched my head for minute and thought about this. She already knew that I like watching her having sex with her friends and that I couldn't wait to see her doing it with strangers. I then told her that ultimately I wanted her to be well satisfied and that I hope that she would get at least once double penetrated.

"What about you?" I said to her.

She smiled at me and said "well I really hope you don't spend the whole time just watching me having sex. I do want you to get with a few women and have some fun yourself."

With that we kissed each other goodnight and went to bed.

For the next two days the only thing I could think about was Saturday and what was going to happen at the party. When the workday finally ended on Friday, I couldn't wait to get home. We went over to Jerry and Katie's place that evening, but we didn't stay that long. As much as we wanted to share what we were going to do, we promised each other that we would keep this just between us.

That evening after I showered I found one of our beach bags and grabbed a couple towels and threw them in. Shelly got out of the closet a few of the oversize beach towels and said let's take these too. I asked why and she said that if out around the pool having sex, I don't want to be on the bare concrete. I really didn't think about it but it sounded like a good idea. She also got out of her nightstand some tubes of lubricants. I then told her that since it does take couple hours to get there that we should leave somewhere between nine and nine thirty.

We both got into bed but neither one of us were able to fall asleep, so both just started talking about party and what we thought was going to happen. After an hour or two we both finally dozed off to sleep.

Next morning the alarm went off and we both climbed out of the bed. Shelly jumped in the shower and I got the kids up and made them breakfast. I poured coffee for Shelly and took it up to the bedroom. She was just about dressed when I got there, so I got into the shower while she finished getting ready.

After I got cleaned up and dressed I walk the kids over to Jerry and Katie's place and thank them watching kids for the day. Jerry asked when we were in the back and I just told them some time that evening. He said to have fun and don't worry about the kids. With that I walked back to the house and asked Shelly if she was ready. But then got into the car and started our drive to our sexual adventure.

About an hour into the drive I asked Shelly if she was braless? She giggled a little bit in shock her chest side to side. I could tell that she was but I just egged her on that didn't prove anything.

"So what kind of proof do you want" she said

I said about unbuttoning your shirt so I can see. We were driving down the interstate and I just wanted to see if she would do it. She unbuttoned the top two and pulled to the side where I could see her one tit and then quickly covered it back up. I then dared her to unbutton it the whole way and pull it completely open.

She looked at me and said are you kidding?

I said to her you like to have strangers watching you right? I moved into passing lanes and started going around a tractor-trailer. As we got up closer to the cab I told her to start unbuttoning her shirt. She looked out the window and could see that the driver had a clear view into our car. She then looked over and said "this is crazy".

She began unbuttoning her shirt and opened it slightly just enough to give a partial view of her cleavage. You could hear the truck driver honking his horn. I told her that if she's going to flash him that she better hurry because traffic starting to build behind us and I needed to get moving. I heard her take a breath and then she pulled open her shirt completely exposing her breast. With that I spent up and the driver blew the horn again and flash his lights.

"I don't believe that I actually did that" she said while laughing.

I got back into the driving lane and see the sign that our exit was coming up in about 2 miles. I looked at the time and seeing that we were running a little bit early, I suggest that maybe we should stop and get something to eat. We pulled up to the small restaurant where we met Lynn and James. We both just ordered sandwich and ice tea. After finishing our lunches we paid our bil and drove up to the party.

As we pulled up on the dirt road leading to their place, James and another man were standing there. We stopped in James leaned over and said do you have your invitation? Shelly took the e-mail out of the beach bag and handed to him. He looked at it for a few seconds then opened a binder that he had sitting on a makeshift stand. He then turned back towards us and said "welcome Shelly and Jim, pull up to the house and find a place to park. You can go into the party building and mingle with the other guest."

As we drove up we could see there were about fifteen or more cars already there. Shelly then said I wonder how many people are going to be at this?

I said I don't know but I guess were going to find out. I looked over at her and said are you ready? She shook her head yes and with that we got out and headed towards the building.
