 Chapter 1

As the two women stepped off the plane they were met by the smell of freshly cut tropical flowers. A lei was placed on each their necks by the traditionally dressed Hawaiian women who greeted them at the gate.

"I love this place already. Where else can you get laid the second you step off the plane?"

"Oh very funny sweetie, have you decided on what you are going to call yourself for the next two weeks?"

"Umm yes, Eowyn."

"What? You-win?"

"Yes, Eowyn spelled E-o-w-y-n, As in YOU WIN, just like in our life you always win. You convinced me to fall in love with you, you convinced me to come on this trip, and you convinced me to do what we have planned. YOU WIN!" She giggled taking the other woman's hand into her own

"What... did you read a book of odd baby names for that one?" 

"Actually, it was a web site. So what am I to call you, my love?" Eowyn asked in a mockingly formal tone

"Kenzie."

"Well then, look out Paradise; Kenzie and Eowyn are on the prowl!"

LATER THAT NIGHT

Eowyn stood in front of the full length mirror in the bedroom of their condo. She was putting the finishing touches on her hair, when Kenzie approached her from behind. Kenzie paused for a moment to appreciate the athletic tone of Eowyn's body. She liked her woman that way, fit and well defined. She loved the way Eowyn's muscles were cut just short of being masculine.

"You look hot, sweetie." she said trailing her hand along Eowyn's bare belly. 

"Mmm, you too, I love you in that dress." She responded, facing Kenzie. Kenzie was wearing a black halter dress; it was clingy, but not tight. It hugged her in all the right places.

"So you think we will attract some hot Hawaiian guys tonight?"

"I hope so, but if we don't, I'll still give you a little action when we get back to the condo." Eowyn teased, grabbing a hand full of Kenzie's rounded rump.

"Where are we going, Kenzie?"

"I'm not sure Eowyn, why don't we try a strip club, if there are no hot guys; we always have a guarantee of some hot chicks."

"That sounds like a plan to me, sweetie."

MAENWHILE IN AN APARTMENT ACROSS TOWN

"Hey Tuck, are you going to get out of the shower this century? You've been in there forever!" Jeremy yelled through the door at his kid brother. Tucker had only been out of the army for a few weeks, and Jeremy was looking forward to taking him out for a little of the Waikiki night life.

"Fuck, brah, I'm done." Tucker said emerging with a towel wrapped around him. "You spend a few years in the dessert and see how much you appreciate a hot shower, with no one watching you scrub your ball sack!"

"Tuck, that's disgusting, brah. Come on get dressed, the single chicks are waiting. They won't know what hit them when a double dose of Anderson charm hit's that club."

"You don't need charm where we're going, Jeremy, you just need money."

"Yeah, well I really hope you get over this thing you have for strippers, you have put everything in you're wallet down some chick's g-string every weekend since you've been home."

"And still haven't pulled any pussy! I'm hard up, brah, if I don't get some tonight ... I don't know what I'll do!"

"I know what you'll do, the same thing you've been doing for the last 5 years! You probably have calluses!"

"Fuck off Jer! I'll get some pussy eventually, and when I do I am going to wear that shit out!"

"I hear that, brah!" Jeremy said high fiving his brother.

"God, Tucker, no wonder you haven't gotten any! You two are pigs!" Katie, Tucker's twin sister, yelled from the other end of the hall

"We're sorry Katie we didn't know you were listening." Tucker said flashing her an innocent smile.

"Save it, Tuck, that grin only works on non-Andersons! You're still a pig!"

When the Anderson brother's arrived at the club they were swept straight to the VIP area, a perk of being the sons of one of the richest families in Honolulu. 

"What can I get you boys tonight?" the scantily clad cocktail waitress asked them.

"Two Coronas." Jeremy answered. Tucker was already eyeing the girl on stage.

"I'm buying a dance!" he said with a devilish grin

"Already? Tuck, we just got here."

"I know but look at the chick going into the private area, and she has a friend, come on brah!" Tuck said requesting two private dances.

"Ok sit back, hands on the arm rest and enjoy" The dancer called Bunny said as she straddled Tucker's lap. He looked over at Jeremy; he had a hot blonde sitting on him with her tits dangling above his face. As the dance continued Tucker couldn't help but take his eyes off of Bunny and stare at the two chicks on the other side of the room. They were both getting private dances. The one in the black halter noticed him staring. She reached over and began to run her hand up and down her friend's thigh. Her friend threw her head back, as she continued higher, to her crotch. He couldn't take his eyes off the two of them. When their dance was over they stood up and kissed each other. 

"Hey, Tuck, close your mouth, you never know what might fly into it in here." Jeremy said.

"What... oh, yeah, Damn, brah did you see that?"

"See what?"

"Them" Tucker said pointing to the women as they walked by.

"Not a snowballs chance in hell, Tuck, you don't have the right parts for those two" Jeremy said slapping his little brother in chest 

"Come on; let's go back to the table"

Kenzie and Eowyn made their way back to their table. 

"That was hot, we have to get another one of those before we leave" Eowyn said fanning herself.

"Yeah, hot, but did you see what else was hot in there?"

"Do you mean the two across from us? They were Ok I guess."

"Ok? They were prime beef! Especially the on the right, with the long braid"

"The one with the curls wasn't so bad either" Eowyn said with a naughty look in her eye.

"Oh yeah, I think we just found our boy toys." Kenzie said, kissing Eowyn on the mouth.

*

Chapter 2

"Excuse me gentlemen, the ladies at the corner table sent these." the cocktail waitress said, putting two Coronas in front of Jeremy and Tucker. 

Tucker looked up and spotted the two women he had been watching in the private room. 

"Jeremy, it's them! Oh hell yeah, I'm going to go over. Come on!"

Tucker practically drug his brother across the club. Jeremy could act like he wasn't interested all he wanted, but Tucker knew it was just that, an act. These two ladies were hot as hell, and Jeremy hadn't exactly been getting any lately either. 

"Hi, boys, so glad you could join us." Kenzie said leaning across the table to greet them, her ample breasts nearly spilled out as she did.

"I'm Kenzie and this is Eowyn." 

"Nice to meet you, I'm Tucker and this is my brother Jeremy"

"We have a table in the VIP area; you ladies want to join us?" Tucker asked 

"Sure!" Eowyn and Kenzie left their table and followed them across the club

"You are going to regret this Tuck, they look like trouble." Jeremy told his brother under his breath.

"I sure hope so Big Brother!" Tucker answered with a smile.

The four of them made small talk for an hour or so. The women continued to order drinks for the Andersons. The more the two brothers drank, the more they seemed to come out of their shells. Especially Jeremy, he had been very quiet at first. By now Kenzie had him leaning back against his chair while she gave him her own version of a lap dance. The lust in his eyes was immeasurable as he watched her gyrate on his lap, grinding her ass against his crotch. 

"I think your brother is enjoying himself." Eowyn said turning Tucker's face from them. 

"You jealous?" She purred, running her fingers through Tucker's thick brown curls, as she positioned her self on his lap.

"Naw..." Tucker said looking back over at the two of them.

"Well I am, that little ass she's rubbing all over him is my personal property. She likes to make me jealous, but she always comes home with me."

Tucker looked back at her "So you two are..." he couldn't say it, he didn't know what to call it. He felt the blood rush to his face, he put his head down as not to let Eowyn see him blush.

Putting a finger under his chin she raised his face to meet hers

"Two can play her game right?" She said, kissing him erotically. Tucker parted his lips as she slipped her tongue past them, exploring his mouth. He could feel himself growing hard under her as she slipped her hand into the collar of his shirt. Just as quickly as she had kissed him, she pulled away. He followed her face with his, trying to bring her back in for another kiss, but she stood in front of him and walked over to Kenzie. Taking her by the hand, she guided her up from Jeremy's lap and over to the table. Eowyn ordered a shot of tequila and laid back on the table, her bare abs glistened as Kenzie licked them then shook a little salt onto the wet spot. Eowyn moaned as Kenzie poured the Tequila into her belly button, and sucked it up into her mouth. 

"Ahhh" she said wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. "I love Tequila" 

Eowyn pulled Kenzie to her and kissed her softly, first on the mouth, then down the side of her neck. Tucker and Jeremy sat staring as Eowyn trailed her hands over Kenzie's body, slipping them beneath her skirt. Kenzie threw her head back and sighed, bracing herself against the table.

"Mmmm, that feels so good." she drawled as Eowyn continued to pleasure her right there in front of them. After what seemed to the men like forever, Eowyn withdrew her fingers and looked at Jeremy. She slowly licked her fingers, and then said "She may have rubbed it all over you, but it will always be mine".

Jeremy sat speechless as he watched Kenzie adjust her dress. Tucker was also sitting in awe. Kenzie looked at the two of them. 

"So you two want to get out of here, or what?"