 I had been working at the Manor for four months now and my gardening skills had transformed the wilderness into what would soon be a showpiece garden!

Summer was now ending and the lady of the Manor had often entertained her female friends at the swimming pool. They knew that I could observe them but this did not stop them from discarding their swimsuits and lounging around the pool naked. Their sessions would often turn into a bit of an orgy and I would get so aroused that I would wank off in the bushes.

Today however all was quiet and I had been working up a sweat all morning digging up part of the vegetable patch. Stripped to the waist, wearing only shorts, that showed off my long and muscular legs, enhanced by my gardening boots. I knew that my tan added to the effect. The muscles rippled in my arms as I dug in the fork and turned the earth. Not quite a six-pack but my body was firm considering I was now nearly 40, but I worked out regularly and ran to keep in trim.

Stopping for a break, I decided to have a quick swim in the pool to unwind. I took off my boots and socks followed by the shorts. I wore nothing underneath but felt sure the inhabitants of the Manor were out. The water felt so cool on my hot body and I enjoyed the sensation of being naked. The water caressed my dick and balls as I slowly swam the length of the pool.

I had just completed a couple of lengths when I heard voices. Damn! Perhaps they would walk on by to the tennis courts. I could feel the flush of embarrassment sweep over me as the lady and three companions approached the pool! Thinking they would turn around when I got out of the pool I stayed where I was. My manhood slightly concealed in the depths of the water.

They soon spotted me and stifled their giggles when they saw I was naked. "Well, this is interesting", remarked the lady. The women were all wearing very skimpy swim wear and I could feel my cock growing even in the cool water. "Allow me to introduce my friends. Girls this is Jack, my gardener." They were introduced, as Barbara, Mary and Louise. "Hi", they all said in unison. Obviously enjoying my discomfort, they glanced at each other, smiled and then began to slowly remove their costumes!

Wow! Their bodies looked even more amazing out of their costumes. Barbara was fairly short with large tits, small waist and the curviest bum I had ever seen. Mary was of average height and build but her nipples stood erect as she posed for effect. While Louise, was tall and slender, and had such lovely pert breasts. Her very firm small bottom got me even more aroused. The lady of the Manor, who was called Georgina, took of her costume and joined them at the side of the pool. She was exquisite, with a near perfect figure of such delight that my cock grew in anticipation! What were they up to? I did not have long to wonder about this as they split into pairs and proceeded to fondle each other!

Barbara and Mary were probably in their early 40s, while I knew that Georgina was 45, I had no idea how old Louise was. Her short red hair showed off her slender neck to full advantage, and although her figure looked like that of a girl in her 20s, she was probably in her 40s too. I didn't have much time to ponder on this because Barbara and Mary stopped stroking each other's breasts and joined me in the pool! Each woman draped herself on either side of me, holding my arms so that I could not escape (as if I wanted to!). Their legs were entwined around mine and I was trapped!

Meanwhile a show was being put on for our pleasure at the poolside. Georgina was laid out on a sun lounger with her breasts pointing skyward and her pubic mound in full view for my enjoyment. Louise was straddled across her and she leant forward and rubbed her pert nipples on Georgina's tits. Sliding her butt down Georgina's body, she was soon rubbing her pussy on Georgina's. I had the wonderful view of watching Louise's delicious bottom moving up and down Georgina's body. Mmmm! Was I in heaven or what! 

Louise kissed her way slowly down Georgina's body to her pussy. I could only imagine what it tasted like and my dick was now huge and bulging, all the more so because Barbara and Mary would take it in turns to massage me with their spare hands. My arms were pinned to my body and I was helpless. I watched as Georgina arched her back and then pumped her hips up and down wildly as she came under the expert licking and sucking by Louise.

Mesmerised, I was brought back to reality as I felt Barbara's mouth on my cock! She had slid under the water and was now using her mouth to kiss and suck me. I groaned out loud. Mary had moved round behind me and was inserting a finger in my arse. I could not control myself anymore and shuddered as I came in Barbara's mouth. The girls motioned that I should get out of the water. As I clambered out of the pool I noticed that five glasses of champagne had been poured and were waiting for us. I was led over to the sun bed. I sat on the edge while the girls draped themselves around me. The champagne tasted wonderful and we all downed our glasses.

"I think that you deserve a special treat for making my garden look so good", said Georgina. I thought I had just had one but was not going to complain about another! With that I was rolled onto my front lying on the sun bed. Louise moved over to the garden table and came back with some massage oil. Barbara and Mary positioned themselves within my sight and Mary slowly applied sun lotion to Barbara, but my attention was soon brought back to my own body as I could feel Louise's hand beginning to massage my butt!

Louise applied the oil expertly, sliding her hands up and round my butt. I was aware that Georgina had positioned herself in my sight and was masturbating slowly, with one leg over the chair arm and the other spread wide. I had a lovely view of her moist pussy lips. Mary was now applying the lotion to Barbara's breasts with slow, smooth strokes. It was a beautiful sight. Louise was now applying the oil to my lower butt and the tops of my thighs. I could feel myself going weaker as her fingers brushed against my balls and spread open my bum cheeks as she slid downwards. Soon she was concentrating on my balls entirely, spreading my thighs further apart with each downward stroke.

I groaned aloud. My cock was growing beneath my body. Suddenly I could feel Louise kissing my bum and softly making her way down to my balls with her lips. Aaargh! The pleasure was immense as she gently took my balls in her mouth and sucked! She then moved to lie on top of me and I could feel her breasts on my butt as she slid up and down. Her nipples were like bullets and I longed to take them in my mouth.

I was no longer concentrating on the scenes in front of me but the girls seemed to be enjoying themselves. Louise rolled me over on to my back and I could see her hard nipples standing erect from her small pert breasts. She straddled across me and continued the massage using her pussy on my balls and cock. The sight of her slender body above me was making me feel so horny and I was not sure how long I could last. Sensing this, Louise slowly slid her body forward and her nipples rubbed against my chest. Her moist fanny slipped up and down my cock until with one smooth movement, she slid forward, pressed down and back so enabling my shaft to enter her. The warmth and sensuality of this position was exquisite and with just a few thrusts I could feel myself cumming. The pulsating of my cock against her clit in this position triggered off Louise's climax and with a shudder, we came together.

Well! I had certainly had a special treat. My favourite! The girls all stood up together as if on cue and walked over to the shower at the poolside. I lay there for a while watching them wash each other, before going over to join them. Was another treat in store for me I wondered!