 I pulled over to the side of the road and parked across the street from the address we had been given. I saw what appeared to be an ordinary house in an ordinary suburban neighborhood. There was a sign out front, indicating that the residence also served as a dance studio. Perhaps it was, or perhaps it was just a cover story to explain to the neighbors why so many cars were parked in their backyard every Friday night.

I looked over at Charlotte, who was seated in the passenger seat. She looked stunning, as always. Her green eyes sparkled, and that cute dimple on her cheek hinted at the dirty thoughts that must have been swirling around in her head.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked.

"Sure," she replied. "Why not?"

We had learned of this house party from a couple we met online. We agreed to meet them for dinner one evening, and although we didn't find the four-way attraction we had hoped to discover, they were very nice and we enjoyed their company. During our pleasant dinner conversation, they mentioned this house party, and both Charlotte and I were instantly intrigued.

I put the car in gear and drove around the side of the house. The backyard had been converted into a makeshift parking lot. Given that we had arrived promptly at the party's starting time of nine o'clock, there were only a few cars visible in the lot. We could see several people through the windows of the house as we walked toward the back door. We passed over a large back deck that featured a barbeque area, a bar, and a hot tub, all enclosed by a high fence, presumably built to ward off nosy neighbors.

We entered through the back door and were greeted by a friendly, older woman named Kim, who collected our $40 "contribution." There was a large sign posted near her with several hand-printed rules written upon it, including "no cameras", "no drunkenness", and in big, bold letters, "NO MEANS NO." As it was our first time at the party, Kim briefly explained the rules of the house. She then beckoned to her husband, Jim, who greeted us with a warm handshake and led us on a short tour.

The entry fee didn't include alcohol, and most guests elected to bring their own. We brought a bottle of spiced rum and some cans of diet cola, and when Jim led us to the basement, he showed where we could store our beverages. It was a finished basement with a large living space that included a large sectional sofa and another small bar. Adjacent to this room was another, smaller, room that contained a bed and a sex swing hung from the ceiling.

"If you want, I could help demonstrate how that works," Jim remarked while smiling at Charlotte.

"Maybe later," she responded.

We were led around the corner, and were shown three small, dimly-lit rooms: one with a bed and the other two with mattresses on the floor. We were told there was a time limit of forty-five minutes on all of the rooms, and that they were awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. We were also instructed to change the bed sheets upon entering the room. As he turned to lead us back upstairs, Charlotte and I exchanged apprehensive glances.

"This is kind of creepy," she whispered, and I nodded in agreement.

As our tour continued upstairs, we passed another living room area with a couch that faced a large flat-screen television. A pornographic video was playing, which featured a hairless man with a giant cock fucking a strangely disinterested woman.

I noticed that there weren't any family photos displayed anywhere in the house, and as we were led past the kitchen, I noticed there were no cooking utensils visible anywhere. It seemed as though this house served solely as a venue for these weekly parties.

Down the hallway were two more rooms without doors. These were "public rooms," Jim explained. Anyone could use these rooms or simply watch the action, but touching another person without permission would result in banishment from the party.

After another handshake, Jim left us alone to fend for ourselves.

"I'll go make us some drinks," I said to Charlotte. "You go mingle."

By the time I returned with our drinks, she was engaged in conversation with a couple she introduced as John and Becky. John was an average-looking guy with a bit of a paunch, and Becky was tall and plump. She had jet-black hair and wore bright-red lipstick. That night's party theme was lingerie, and although Charlotte had opted to dress normally, Becky took the theme to heart, and wore a leather bustier with six-inch spiked heels.

They were very friendly and funny, and the conversation flowed freely. At one point, Becky demonstrated her unique talent for swallowing an entire beer bottle. I had to admit, it was impressive. As we continued our conversation, more and more people filtered into the room. Many of the women opted to dress in theme, which added a fun element to the party.

"So, what do you think?" Charlotte whispered to me.

"About what? Becky?"

"No, I know she's not your type. I can tell by your body language. I mean, do you see anyone that interests you?"

I scanned the room once more.

"Nope," I said with a chuckle. Perhaps my standards were too high. "How about you?"

Her eyes wandered from one corner of the room to the other, stopping nowhere in particular.

"I don't know," she said. "Maybe."

"Well," I said, snatching her empty cup from her hand. "Maybe if we drink enough of these, more attractive people will suddenly appear."

As I headed downstairs to refill our cups, John joined me. He repeatedly told me how hot he thought Charlotte was, and I thanked him, but tried to steer him away from any talk about having a foursome with him and his wife. When I returned upstairs, my wife was no longer where I had left her.

I walked down the hallway to the open rooms. I wasn't expecting to see her there, but it was a good excuse to see what was happening. In one of the rooms, a woman was busy servicing two men. She was straddling one man who was lying on the bed, and sucking another who was standing beside her. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness of the room, I noticed two other guys standing in the room, simply watching. One of them had his dick out and was stroking it.

I made my way back through the kitchen to the front entryway and peered outside. On the back deck, there were two couples sitting in the hot tub. They appeared to be naked, as their clothes were strewn about the deck, and the large breasts of the women were bobbing on top of the bubbling water.

I made a complete circle back through the top of the stairway and into the living room, and that's when I found Charlotte, sitting on the lap of a very large black guy, who was seated on a crowded couch. She noticed me immediately, and held her hand out for her drink.

"There wasn't anywhere to sit," she explained with a grin, "so Darryl offered to let me sit here."

"How generous of him," I said, and held out my hand. His hand was so enormous, I felt like I was a little kid shaking the hand of a fully-grown adult.

"I was just about to ask Darryl how big his cock is," she said in a matter-of-fact manner. I nearly spit out my drink. I instantly made a mental note to slow down on the drinks, as I could tell she was becoming far too uninhibited, far too quickly.

Darryl laughed out loud at this statement.

"Well, because he's such a big guy everywhere else, I mean," she stammered.

"Oh, okay," Darryl said, still laughing. His hands were all over her thighs. "It's not because of the black thing, right?"

"You're black?" she said with an expression of shock. This elicited a loud belly laugh from Darryl, who flailed on the couch as if he had just been electrocuted. As he did so, his meaty hands pawed her hips and midriff.

Just then, a full-figured woman entered the living room and shouted Darryl's name. He responded with an enthusiastic shout, and they awkwardly hugged with Charlotte still seated on his lap. When they broke their embrace, Charlotte hopped off of his lap and sidled toward me.

As we swiftly moved into the next room, Darryl shouted, "Hey! Where are you going?"

"I'll be around," Charlotte assured him.

"What was that all about?" I whispered to her as we made our way through the crowd toward the kitchen.

"I got tired, and wanted to sit down," she explained, coyly.

"Yeah...okay."

As it inexplicably happens at every party, the kitchen had become the gathering place for most of the guests. We struck up a conversation with several people around the center island, and discovered that there is never a dull conversation at a swinger party.

I glanced around the room to see if any new faces had arrived, and couldn't help but notice one incredibly cute woman who was leaning against the kitchen counter with a drink in her hand. She had curly black hair, and big, dark eyes. When her eyes locked on to mine, she smiled so sweetly, I couldn't help but break away from my conversation and introduce myself.

Her name was Maria, and she was there with her husband, Paul. I couldn't keep my eyes off her as she explained that this was their first time at a swinger party. They had never been with another couple before, and weren't sure how far they were willing to go, but were simply there to soak in the atmosphere.

I nodded my head, hardly hearing a word she said. She had me in a trance. I made her laugh a few times, and the chemistry between us was undeniable. Under normal circumstances, I would have been far more cognizant of their situation, and proceeded with more caution. However, I was so excited to find such an attractive woman at this party that I decided to be a little more aggressive than usual. As we spoke, I leaned in toward her, as if I were having difficulty hearing, and placed my hand on her hip. Happily, she didn't remove my hand, so I kept it there.

She still seemed nervous, and reached for a tray full of brownies on the counter. She took a bite, and declared that it was delicious. I noticed a crumb on her lips, and inspiration took hold of me.

"Let me taste," I said, and leaned in and kissed her.

For the next several minutes, the universe disappeared, and we were all alone. She melted in my arms, and I ran my fingers through her soft hair and held her cheek as I kissed her long and hard. She was an amazing kisser. Her soft lips and fleeting tongue stirred an intense passion within me, and I never wanted the moment to end.

Unfortunately, our make-out session came to an abrupt halt, and the universe collapsed upon itself, returning me to reality. Paul asked to have a word with his wife, and she politely told me she would be back. It was the last time I ever saw her.

"I was just about to head over there and be your wing man," Charlotte said with a grin.

"Yeah...I guess I blew that one."

"You should've waited for me," she scolded. "I would've helped you out by distracting him."

I looked at her cup, and it was empty once more. So was mine. I volunteered to refill our cups one last time, and headed downstairs to the bar with an erection still straining against my pants. When I descended the stairs and entered the living room, I saw two women kneeling in front of two men seated on the sectional sofa. Their heads were bobbing up and down, and the men appeared very happy.

I pretended not to notice them, and refilled our cups with the last of our liquor. When I returned upstairs, I once again discovered that Charlotte wasn't where I had left her. The open rooms were both occupied by couples having foursomes, and the hot tub was occupied by a woman giving a guy a blowjob while a man and woman watched.

I rounded the corner to the living room, and several people were seated on the couch, engrossed in conversation while the porn video still played on the flat screen to a completely disinterested audience. When your life is a porn movie, I noted, those videos become a lot less interesting.

At last, I found Charlotte in a darkened corner of the "dance floor", which was the room adjacent to the kitchen, where no one really danced. She was engaged in conversation with another average-looking guy.

"This is Peter," she informed me as she grabbed her drink. "He's an engineer. And he went to M.I.T."

She always had a thing for intelligent men, so it didn't surprise me that she was drawn to him. The three of us had a nice conversation for several minutes. I turned toward the rest of the house to scan the room once more, and when I turned back toward them, they were kissing like a couple of horny co-eds. I wasn't sure what to do with myself, so I leaned against the wall and pretended not to notice them.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, they came up for air.

"Peter wants to go to one of the rooms," Charlotte informed me. "Are you okay with that?"

Having a threesome with my wife and some strange guy she just met wasn't really in my original plans for the evening. But since I had yet to make a connection myself, and since she was clearly horny and interested in this guy, I figured why not. Charlotte gave me an enthusiastic hug and kiss.

We ventured downstairs to the closed rooms, and they were all occupied, so we positioned ourselves outside of one of the rooms and waited. This gave Charlotte and Peter the opportunity to continue their make-out session. They kissed and groped each other shamelessly as I stood there awkwardly. Finally, the curtain to one of the rooms opened, and two disheveled couples emerged with sheepish smiles.

As we were about to enter the room, John bounded down the stairs and immediately shouted toward Charlotte.

"Hey, you!" he bellowed. It appeared as though he had been enjoying the beverages he brought to the party. "I just want to let you know, you are – by far – the best-looking woman at this party tonight."

"Thanks," she responded.

Peter began to pull her into the open room by her hand. Just before disappearing inside, she turned back toward John.

"Do you want to join us?" she asked.

It took a moment for me to process her question. My wife was heading into a room to fuck another guy...and she was asking yet another guy to join us? We hadn't planned this impromptu threesome, and now she was proposing a mini-gangbang?

John didn't hesitate for a moment. He grabbed her other hand, and somehow I became the third man to enter the room. I had barely closed the curtain to the room, and Charlotte was already taking turns kissing both men. Their hands were all over her body, and Charlotte's hands were rubbing their crotches.

As instructed earlier, I took a bed sheet from the corner of the room, removed the old sheet, and replaced it with the new one. By the time I was done, Charlotte's jeans were around her ankles, her shirt was off, and both of the men's cocks were out. She was stroking John's cock while he kissed her and fingered her glistening slit. Peter was behind her, kissing her neck and unclasping her bra.

When her bra dropped to the floor, John took that opportunity to suck her tits while Peter turned her head and kissed her on the lips. I removed my shirt, shoes and pants, and simply absorbed this surreal scene before me. John managed to wrestle Charlotte's pants off, and she stood before them, completely naked.

She dropped to her knees and took John's hard cock in her mouth. As she worked on him with her mouth, she reached back to stroke Peter's cock. She then pulled him toward her and took his cock into her mouth as well. She alternated from cock to cock several times, keeping them both satisfied, and it suddenly seemed to occur to her that I had been left out of the action. She smiled at me, and seductively beckoned me toward her. I wedged myself between John and Peter, and she made my dick disappear into her mouth while she continued stroking John and Peter with both hands.

After several minutes of alternating between all three of us, I led her to the mattress on the floor. She lay on her back, and John immediately dived head-first between her legs. As he worked her clit with his flickering tongue, I positioned myself at her head and put my dick in her mouth. The sensation of her moaning with her mouth full of my cock sent shivers of pleasure through my body.

Peter took this opportunity to undress, and I told Charlotte to flip over onto all fours. I could tell she needed to be fucked. While I entered her from behind, Peter knelt in front of her, and she slurped and sucked his tool. John undressed and knelt beside Peter, allowing Charlotte to once again switch her attention from cock to cock.

This situation was so erotic, and Charlotte's soaking-wet pussy felt so good wrapped around my cock, I soon felt myself approaching the point of no return. I didn't want to finish that quickly, so I signaled for John to switch places with me. I reached into my pants pocket and handed him a condom.

I knew that if I knelt in front of Charlotte, her talented mouth would get me off in no time, so I opted to sit and watch the action from the corner of the room for a while. She gave a muffled groan when John entered her, and I could tell it was difficult for her to concentrate on sucking Peter's cock as she was being pounded by John. The sound of his pelvis slapping against her fleshy ass filled the tiny room, and her muffled moans became more intense.

John gave a loud moan, pulled out of her, shed his condom, and stroked himself all over her ass and back. Charlotte was still grinding against him, and I could tell she wasn't finished yet. She took Peter's dick out of her mouth and gave him a dirty look. She didn't need to ask.

Peter fished a condom out of his pants and positioned himself behind her. She was about to get fucked by her third dick of the night. The whole situation was so surreal, it seemed like a dream. Peter entered her, and had barely begun fucking her when he emitted a loud groan. He tensed and shook while buried deep inside her. He withdrew, holding a condom that was completely filled to capacity.

I could tell by the way Charlotte looked at me that she still wasn't satisfied. But we had been in the room for a long time, and I could hear people waiting outside.

"We should go," I said. She gave me an exasperated sigh, and rose to her feet. We all dressed, and exited the room. The sight of seeing one woman leave a room with three guys didn't seem to faze anyone. We thanked John and Peter, and returned to the party.

"What has gotten into you?" I asked Charlotte, once we were alone again.

"I don't know," she said. "I'm so fucking horny right now. I can't even explain it."

"Well, when we get home, I'll take care of that for you," I said.

"You promise?" she said with a sexy grin.

We lingered around for another hour or so. It was getting late, and only a dozen or so guests remained. We said our good-byes to the new friends we had met and exited through the back door to our car. Darryl was leaning against a car and staring into his cell phone. Charlotte called to him, and he smiled widely and gave her a hug.

"Any luck tonight?" she asked.

"Nah," he said. "It was a slow night. That's the life of a single guy at these parties. It's hit or miss."

"That's too bad," she responded. "Maybe if I see you again, you'll answer my question."

"What question?" he asked, before immediately remembering. "Oh, yeah! You really want to know, huh?"

"Maybe," she said with a playful smile.

"Well, then maybe you'll have to find out for yourself."

"Hmm," she said, pausing in a flirty way. "Maybe."

"Well, then why wait?" he responded. "Come on, I'll show you right now."

Before she could even consider the proposal, he took her hand and pulled her back into the house. I had to practically jog to keep up with them as they bolted to one of the open rooms in the back. The room was empty, and they moved to the side where they couldn't be seen from the open door.
