 Author's note: This story contains male/female sex, female/female sex, and male/male sex, all between adult humans well over eighteen years of age. If any of that offends you, this is not the story you are looking for. If you enjoy it, feedback is highly appreciated!

****************************

Alan felt his wife's pussy tighten around his cock, and he knew exactly what was coming next.

Alan and Amber had been married for fifteen years, and had been fucking for five years before that. They knew every inch of each other's bodies, and every reaction and response. They had just spent an hour cuddling on the couch with soft music and a nice bottle of wine, touching and squeezing and kissing. Then they had spent half an hour caressing each other's naked bodies on the bed, stroking and teasing and making each other feel nice all over. Then another half hour of oral foreplay. And now, they were fifteen minutes into some very passionate deep penetration, with Alan on top, supported on his knees and elbows.

Amber's long, slender body was bucking with arched back as Alan thrust deeply into her, again and again. He could see the nipples on her small, pert tits standing at attention, could see the perspiration on her forehead. He felt her fingernails gouging into his back as he thrust, again and again and again. He felt the smooth, snug walls of her pussy, gripping intensely onto his shaft as he slid in and out of her. He felt his own juices rising, his orgasm nearing.

And when he felt the sudden tightening of her pussy, he knew that she was only moments from orgasm. He thrust faster and harder, jabbing into her with all the momentum of his pelvis, his tight buns rising and falling with his motions. Her pussy clenched, her teeth clenched, and her hands clenched his back. She bucked and writhed and climaxed with a shout. The intensity pushed Alan over the edge, and he began to cum himself, pouring jolt after jolt of semen into her loving pussy.

Amber continued to writhe, and Alan continued to spasm, and they bucked together on the bed for a brief, sweet eternity. Finally, both of their bodies spent, they slowed and stopped. Alan carefully rolled off to the side. After a few gasps, he turned onto his side and propped himself up on one elbow.

"That was great, baby," he said, enjoying the sight of his beautiful wife. Tall, slender, with long blond hair and small, pert boobs, Amber was still as beautiful as the day they had met.

Amber looked back at him with a half smile on her face, still a bit dazed. She loved his own tall, slender body, his long arms and legs, his sandy hair, and of course his long, slender cock. "I love you," she said.

"Ditto." 

Her half smile became a full smile. She traced a manicured finger through the sparse blond hair of his chest. Now was the time, she thought. While he's most relaxed, most receptive. "Say, darling... There's something I've been meaning to ask you."

"???" Alan arched his eyebrows.

"You know I love you, and don't want anyone in my life but you, but... Well, what do you think of my friend Veronica?"

Alan was startled. Veronica? How does Amber know that he has a crush on Veronica? Those big tits, that round ass...

"Um, yeah; I think I know who you mean. Brunette, short hair?"

"Exactly. Well, I was thinking..." She playfully ran her fingers through his chest hair. "I was thinking, if you were into it, and if I could talk Veronica into it, if you might be interested in, well, swapping."

Alan was startled all over again. Swapping? As in getting to fuck Veronica? And watching Amber get fucked by, what was Veronica's husband's name? He didn't know. But he felt his dick twitch at the idea.

Amber saw the twitch, and laughed. "That's what I thought you might say!"

Alan was hooked now. "Honey, I love only you, but... this sounds hot as hell!"

"Great!" Amber threw a leg over Alan's abdomen and straddled him. She reached behind her back to grasp his already-growing cock. "Now where were we..."

***********************************

Vinnie liked to call it "riding the flagpole." He was on his back in their bed, cock straight up, and his voluptuous wife Veronica was sitting on it, cow-girl fashion. She was squatting on her toes and knees, having impaled herself on his short, fat cock all the way down to his balls. She bounced herself up and down, sliding up and down his pole like a horny firefighter, jamming herself as deeply onto his cock as possible.

Sometimes she would arch her back and point her chin toward the ceiling, and bounce with her arms stretched wide. Other times, she would lean forward, planting one palm on Vinnie's hairy chest, and undulate her hips. Still other times, she would lie all the way forward, mashing her jiggling boobs onto Vinnie's muscular pecs, and let him thrust upwards into her pussy. 

At the moment, though, she was doing her best to bring both of them to a thunderous orgasm. She was gripping two fistfulls of his chest hair with her hands, and grinding her clit against his pubic bone, all the while rotating her hips in a circular motion to bring maximum stimulation to Vinnie's cock. And it was working. She could feel her clit tingling, and she could feel his cock getting fatter and fatter inside her. She could see the clench of his jaw and the tension in the tendons of his neck. She could feel his hips begin to buck involuntarily, indicating that his climax was imminent. She could feel wave after wave of pleasure beginning to emanate from her own core, and knew that it would not be long now.

As soon as she felt herself begin to slide over the edge, she flung her chest down onto her husband's. She jammed her tongue into his mouth and began sucking at his noisily. He clamped his broad arms around her back and squeezed her in a bear hug, jamming her down ever tighter onto his cock. They both climaxed together, with thick jets of cum spurting, unseen, deep into the furthest reaches of her pussy. She bit down on his tongue until he cried out. Then they lay sobbing with pleasure in each other's arms for several minutes.

Eventually, Veronica raised her head. Vinnie looked at her, and couldn't help but chuckle at the streaks of mascara that ran down her cheeks. She looked like a raccoon!

"What are you laughing at?" she demanded.

"Nothing. Just thinking about how much I love you."

"Good answer!" She carefully, slowly, attempted to lift her pelvis off of his cock. Nope, too tight. And too sticky. She decided to stay there a bit longer. Vinnie's cock was so fat that sometimes dismounting involved waiting for the swelling to go down! Not that she minded.

She laid her head back down on his chest, listened to his beating heart. "You're still alive," she joked.

"Good! I want to live to fuck you, I mean love you, for many years."

She playfully licked one of his nipples. "Good. Say, baby?" She looked up into his eyes.

"Yeah, babe? What is it?"

"I've got a question for you. Do you ever look at other women?"

"Of course not!" Vinnie was no dummy.

"No, I don't mean instead of me. I mean, like, if we were to try swapping."

"Swapping? I never thought about it." Fantasized about it, sure, he thought. But never thinking it would ever really happen.

"Well, I've been thinking. You know my friend Amber? The tall blonde one?"

The tall blonde with legs up to her ass and a face like an angel? Hell yeah, Vinnie had noticed her. But all he said was, "Yeah, I think I know who you mean."

"What if we were to ask them to do some swapping with us. I think that might be fun."

Vinnie's cock, which had been thinking about starting to shrivel, suddenly changed direction and began to swell again inside Veronica's pussy. Naturally, she noticed.

"I think you just agreed with me."

Vinnie broke into a broad grin. "Baby, you're the greatest," he said. He squeezed her boobs in his big strong hands. "Now start wiggling that pretty ass of yours again..."

*****************************************

The next day, Amber called Veronica on the phone.

"Well, Ronnie? How did it go? Did you talk to Vinnie?"

"He went for it. He's in!" Veronica had never seen Alan naked, but Amber had mentioned his long, thin cock on several occasions. She had been dying to get a hold of that for some time. "What about Alan?"

"He's cool with it. I guess we're on!"

"Great! Let me look into making some arrangements. Talk to you soon."

As she hung up the phone, Amber thought about Vinnie. Veronica loved to talk about his fat cock and how it filled her up almost to the breaking point. Amber loved her husband, but she couldn't stop fantasizing about that short, fat cock of Vinnie's and how it would feel in her pussy.

****************************************

Two weeks later, Alan and Amber and Vinnie and Veronica were in the elevator at the Marriott several towns over. They were all silent, and the husbands were a little bit nervous. The wives exchanged a couple of secret smiles. They had just shared a round of drinks and some awkward small talk at the bar, and now were heading up to their room. They got off at the fifth floor and walked quietly down the carpeted hallway.

Veronica dipped the key in the lock and swung the door open. They all filed in. The room was a "junior suite," with a large living room containing a couch, chair, mini-bar, and a television. On the other side of a half-wall was the bedroom, with two large queen beds.

Alan felt his knees get a little weak. This was all getting very real, very fast. "I think I could use another drink," he said, sinking to the couch.

"I'll get us all a drink," said Veronica, opening the mini-fridge. She grabbed two splits of champagne, poured them into four glasses, and passed them around. Everyone drank, and Alan felt his courage returning. 

"So, how do we start?" asked Vinnie.

"We start," said Amber, "by getting naked." She walked up to Vinnie, thinking about that fat cock inside his trousers. "May I take off your tie?"

Vinnie just swallowed and nodded, too nervous to move. Amber tugged at the knot, and soon had the tie off. Then she began unbuttoning his shirt. Vinnie finally reacted, and started unbuttoning Amber's blouse.

Veronica pulled Alan up from the couch. "Wanna help me out here?" she said, reaching her arms up in the air. Alan loved the way that made her large boobs jiggle. He grabbed the hem of her sweater, and lifted it up and over her head. He threw it onto the chair. Veronica spun around, showing him the clasp of her bra. Alan unhooked it, as nervous as a high school kid. Veronica turned, shrugged the bra off onto the floor, and waggled her naked boobs at him. Alan wasted no time in grabbing them and massaging them gently. They felt fabulous in his hands!

Meanwhile, Amber and Vinnie were undoing each other's pants, which then slid to the floor. They both stepped out of them, leaving Amber in bra and panties and Vinnie in boxers and socks. Vinnie wrapped his arms around Amber and reached for her bra clasp from behind. She took the opportunity to plant her mouth on his, and they shared a long, deep kiss. She could feel the lump growing in his crotch.

By this time, Veronica had gotten Alan's shirt and trousers off, and was stooping to drag his briefs to the floor. She stopped and gave his semi-erect cock a little kiss before standing back up, marveling at how much longer and thinner it was than her husband's. She had plans for this monster! Standing back up, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall. Alan reached for her panties and stooped down, dragging them down and off. While he was down there, he leaned in to inhale deeply of her pussy. She giggled as his nose brushed her trim bush. When he stood back up, she wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face in his chest. She gave his long, thin cock a quick squeeze and stroke.

Vinnie and Amber were also naked by this time, and kissing and fondling each other in the middle of the living room. Alan and Veronica were soon doing the same, with Alan's hands on her boobs and her hand on his cock with one hand.

After a few minutes, Amber pulled her face away from Vinnie's. "Ronnie," she said. "I think it's time we gave the guys a little show, like we discussed."

Alan and Vinnie's eyebrows shot up. A show?

Veronica disentangled herself from Alan's embrace. "Okay, darling. You guys just sit on the couch and watch."

Alan and Vinnie sat down, grabbing the remains of the champagne. Veronica and Amber stood in the middle of the floor, facing each other and smiling broadly. Then they stepped toward each other, wrapped their arms around each other, and began smooching. Amber had to lean downward, and Veronica had to tilt her head upward, but their mouths fit together perfectly. Their tongues were in and out of each other's mouths like tiny pink snakes, and their hands roamed all over each other's boobs, backs, and asses. They ground their hips together and thrust and wiggled. They guys, semi-erect to start with, were now both rock hard.

After several minutes of enthusiastic kissing and fondling, the women leaned away from each other. But they were still holding hands. 

"Let's take this to the bedroom," said Amber, gesturing with her head.

"You fellas can sit on the other bed and watch," said Veronica.

They walked hand in hand to the further of the two queen beds in the bedroom. Amber yanked the comforter off and threw it on the floor. Veronica scrambled up onto the mattress, and lay spreadeagled in the middle of the bed. Both husbands sat down and watched, their mouths hanging slightly open.

Amber climbed up onto the bed and sat next to Veronica. She slowly traced a finger all around Veronica's cuddly torso: around her boobs, up and down her sides, flicking over her nipples. Veronica cooed with delight. Amber slid her finger down between Veronica's legs and began to slowly move it up and down her slit. Veronica moaned a bit louder, and started to squirm her hips. Finally, Amber bent her head down and sucked one nipple into her mouth, simultaneously plunging her finger deep into Veronica's pussy. Veronica purred and groaned and began bucking her hips.

Alan snuck a peek at Vinnie. Vinnie was watching, fascinated, and slowly stroking his cock. Alan suddenly realized that he was stroking his own cock, too! He turned back to watch the girl-on-girl action on the other bed.

Amber had repositioned herself. She was now on her hands and knees, with her knees straddling Veronica's face. Her own face was deep in Veronica's crotch. They were both slurping and licking at each other with with, noisy kissing sounds. Veronica's hands were clenching Amber's slender buttocks, pulling her close for a better connection to her mouth. Amber had one hand on the bed to steady herself, and the other was diddling Veronica's clit as her mouth lapped at the swollen pussy lips.

Vinnie couldn't tear his eyes away from the sight. He loved to see his wife receiving such intense pleasure. But he also couldn't wait to feel Amber's obviously talented mouth on his own organ. He tried to force himself to stop stroking his cock, but only managed to slow down a little. He certainly didn't want to waste his first cum sitting here on the bed!

Amber and Veronica were starting to disentangle themselves. Veronica said, "Scissor me, darling." They both sat up on the bed, facing each other, and then both scooched forward. When they were close enough together, they each threw one leg over the other's leg and pressed their pussies together. They also had their arms around each other's waist. They stared breathlessly into each other's eyes and started to undulate their hips, pressing and grinding their moist pussies together. Their eyes were wide and staring, their mouths slightly open and breathing heavily. 

Alan noticed that his own hips were starting to gyrate as he watched. He'd never seen anything so erotic in his entire life. He continued to slowly stroke his long, thin cock as he stared at the action.

Amber and Veronica were now leaning in with their faces until their mouths met. They were noisily, wetly kissing now as well as grinding their pussies together. Veronica had her hands on Amber's hips, and Amber had her hands all over Veronica's jiggling boobs. Their grinding began to get faster and harder, and their breathing faster and more ragged. They both began purring and moaning deep in their throats. Their bodies began to stiffen and sweat was breaking out on their foreheads.

Alan knew his wife's body as well as he knew his own. When he saw her clenched jaw line, he knew she was moments away from a powerful orgasm. And he was right: she wrapped her long arms around Veronica's waist and squeezed her with all her might as she simultaneously gasped and shouted. Veronica also let out a wail of pleasure and tightened her grip around Amber. Both women froze in place, clenching tightly to each other as they vibrated and shook and let the waves of orgasm wash over them.

Vinnie realized that he hadn't drawn a breath in almost a minute. As he watched the two women gradually relax and let go of each other, he slowly inhaled and exhaled and tried to calm his pounding heart. That had been quite a show! He looked down at his cock. It was beet red and hard as a pipe! He was very glad that his turn was coming soon. He couldn't wait to get his hands on that long, slender body of Amber's.

Alan had stood up, and was applauding and grinning broadly. Vinnie joined him. "Well done, ladies!" said Vinnie. "That was the best show I've ever seen in my life." Alan was nodding his approval as well.

The wives slid off the bed and melted into the arms of their own husbands. "Glad you liked it, baby," said Veronica, giving Vinnie a quick kiss on the mouth. Vinnie could taste the pussy on her face, and it made him all the hornier for Amber.

Amber, in Alan's arms, also gave him a quick peck, and a quick stroke of his cock. "I see you enjoyed the show too, darling."

"Absolutely," said Alan. "Now I'm ready for anything!"

"Oh, I'm glad to hear that, darling," said Amber. "Because now it's your guy's turn to put on a show."

"What?" said Alan and Vinnie together.

"Well, it's only fair," said Veronica. "We put on a show for you. Now you can put on a show for us!" Amber giggled.

"Oh, come on, you're kidding, right?" said Vinnie, glancing nervously toward Alan.

Veronica shook her head. "Nope. C'mon, Alan. You want a chance at these, don't you?" She put her hands under her boobies, and jiggled them erotically at him.

"And these, right Vinnie?" said Amber, tracing her fingers around her own own little titties, and sliding another finger seductively into her crotch. "I've had your wife's mouth on it; I'd like to have yours too."

Both men stared, open mouthed. Their wives pushed them both toward the center of the room, between the beds, facing each other. "Come on guys, it isn't that bad. Just give it a try. You'll be glad you did!"

Alan took the final step that brought him directly in front of Vinnie's naked body. He wasn't sure what to think. His wife took his hands and placed them on Vinnie's hips. Veronica took Vinnie's hands and put them on Alan's shoulders.

"Go ahead, baby. You can do it," she purred in his ear.

Vinnie thought about how much he wanted to fuck Amber. About how much he wanted that slim, lithe body. He pursed his lips and pushed his face forward. Alan, thinking about Veronica and her cuddly body, did the same. Their lips touched, a quick smack, and then they both pulled back.

"Oh, come on. You guys can do better than that!" Amber had her arms crossed, and a stern look on her face.

Alan closed his eyes. You can do this, he thought. He imagined that it was his wife standing in front of him. No, scratch that; he imagined it was Veronica standing in front of him! Veronica with those great knockers, and that great ass! He leaned his head forward, lips pursed. Vinnie did likewise. They touched lips, held.
