 Edited by Todger65

***

Saturday morning I headed out to the local market for a look around. While wandering through the stalls I bumped into an old friend whom I hadn't seen for a while. Her name was Pauline. I met her and her husband James when we lived in the same building. 

Pauline and James had a very open relationship, and were very open in sharing their experiences. I learnt a lot from Pauline and I guess that helped bring out the naughty side in me. They were both in their late forties and were both very attractive. I often fantasized about Pauline but was never game enough to tell her.

Pauline and I grabbed a coffee and checked out the markets together. I was so interested about what Pauline had been up to and she was happy to share the details. She mentioned her and James had started getting involved in the swingers scene, and recently hosted a party at their house. She mentioned next weekend they were going to be hosting their second party. Jokingly I asked Pauline how I could get an invitation. 

"Honey if you would like to come, you are more than welcome. I'll text you the details." She replied.

After about an hour of chatting and shopping the markets, Pauline and I went our own ways. It wasn't long after that I received a text message from Pauline. 

"Hi honey. Not sure if you were serious about joining us on Saturday night. If so, you are more than welcome to join us. Up to you. You are free to leave if you are not comfortable. Our address is. 

104 The esplanade.

Hope to see you." Pauline wrote.

That week I thought about Pauline's invitation and before I knew it, it was Saturday afternoon. I decided I definitely wanted to join the party. It was a decision I made early in the week. I showered and slipped into a matching white bra and g-string panty set followed by a white summer dress. Not knowing what to expect I grabbed my keys and headed out.

Pauline's house wasn't far, and after about 20 minutes I arrived. I parked my car and a little nervously headed up to the door. I could hear music playing and people inside and not long after pressing the door bell, Pauline opened the door.

"You came." Said Pauline.

"I did." I replied with a smile.

"Oh god you look so sexy. I might have to keep you for myself." She said as she looked me up and down.

Once inside, Pauline immediately started to introduce me to her guests as we made our way through the house. 

"Give me your things honey; I'll go put them in my bedroom where it will be safe. That room is out of bounds to guests." She said.

She quickly went in to the room then came out locking the door behind her. 

"You ready for some fun? Remember if you are uncomfortable you can leave anytime." she said looking at me with a serious face.

"Sure am ready for some fun and yes I understand I can leave anytime I want." I replied.

We headed out to the lounge where the party had started. People dancing and drinking and starting to get in to the mood and before I knew it, a few stripped off down to their underwear. Looking around I couldn't tell who was partnered with whom. Pauline took my hand and walked me to a large couch in the lounge where we both sat down. After a couple of minutes a guy came and sat to the left of me on the couch. Completely naked I noticed his nice cock. I could feel my panties were wet and I couldn't wait to get them off. Pauline put her hand on my leg running her hand slowly up under my dress. 

"Hi ladies. Having fun." Said the guy to the left of me.

"We are Andy." Said Pauline.

Andy grabbed my dress and slowly pulled it up revealing my upper leg. 

"God Pauline, your friend is cute." Andy said staring at my legs.

"She is. We need to be gentle with her. This is her first time." Pauline said as she giggled.

After a few minutes., Andy slowly separated my legs allowing access to my panties. I could feel both Pauline and Andy's hands exploring my inner thighs and rubbing my wet pussy through my wet panties. I sat still allowing them to do whatever they wanted to me while I watched everyone getting naked. On the other couch across from us two guys sat as a women on her knees sucked their cocks. By now I was so turned on. 

Pauline got up off the couch and knelt in front of me. She slid her hands under my dress slowly removing my panties. She ran her hands up my thighs spreading my pussy before teasing my wetness with her tongue. I spread my legs further and she felt so good. Andy got up and stood on the couch positioning his cock ready to fuck my mouth. I took him deep sucking him nice and hard. He grabbed my hair pulling my head closer shoving his cock deeper down my throat.

After a minute Andy pulled his cock out of my mouth and hopped off the couch. Pauline got up and took my hand before leading me to one of the many bedrooms. With the door left open Pauline removed the straps of my dress from my shoulders letting it fall to the floor. She laid me down on the bed, then slowly removed her see through dress. She knelt on the bed positioning her pussy over my mouth in a 69 position. All I could think was how much I fantasised about Pauline, and now her pussy was mine to taste.  

We lay in this position for a few minutes when I realised we had an audience. Another woman knelt up on the bed and started licking Pauline's arse. I lay my head down as she moved close licking the taste of Pauline's pussy off my lips. We continued licking Pauline's pussy and arse before her body froze. 

"Oh god girls I'm cumming. Don't stop." She said as her body started to shake. 

The taste of Pauline's cum tasted so good. I still couldn't believe my fantasy had come true.

"Her arse is nice and wet honey. Why don't you come and fuck her?" Said the woman licking Pauline's arse.

Next minute she got up and we were joined by a nice fat black cock. He knelt behind Pauline and while I lay licking her pussy I watched his cock slowly enter her arse, as he started fucking her nice and slow Pauline's tongue licking my pussy faster as his cock thrust her. I was so wet and ready to cum as I laid my head down watching his cock fucking her arse. 

"God yes, fuck her arse, don't stop." I screamed as I came all over Pauline's lips.

The black cock slid out of Pauline's arse as she hopped up off the bed leaving me naked and alone. As I looked around there stood about five guys and a couple of women. Before I knew it I was joined on the bed by three guys. Two guys took turns fucking my mouth as the other knelt between my legs sliding his hard cock inside me.

"How does she feel babe." Said a woman watching.

"She feels good honey." The guy fucking my pussy replied.

I took hold of both cocks beside me and as I started stroking them while I looked around. Pauline looked at me with a smile before kneeling down beside me groping my breasts and sucking my nipples.

After a few minutes the three guys got up off the bed. I got up and stood back as another woman knelt on the bed ready to be fucked. One of the guys moved behind and slid his cock in her pussy fucking her nice and hard. Another guy knelt on the bed shoving his cock in her mouth. I could tell she was enjoying every inch of each cock. I looked around at the audience in the room. They were all getting off watching.

Pauline took my hand and led me in to another room. Her husband James was lying on the bed with a blond women riding his cock. We stood watching for a few minutes before another guy in the room moved behind and slid his cock inside her pussy. Now with two cocks fucking her she started to moan as she was about to cum.

"Yes, yes, I'm going to cum." She screamed.

The guys held her tight as she continued to moan as she came. As she started to relax the guys pulled out their cocks letting her stand up off the bed. She was still eager to please and knelt down taking a cock in her mouth. 

"I want to watch you fuck my husband." Pauline said as she looked at me.

I was so wet and turned on and couldn't wait to have a cock inside me. I knelt up on the bed mounting James' cock. Nice and slow I rode him feeling the pleasure of him inside me. I looked around and Pauline was now on her knees watching while sucking a hard cock. A few more people entered the room. Pauline on her knees was now surrounded by hard cocks as she took turns sucking and stroking. James pulled me forward as I felt another cock stretching my wet pussy. Now with two cocks inside me I let out a loud moan.

A few minutes passed when the guy behind pulled his cock out. Before I knew it, anther cock joined James inside my pussy. Pauline got up and moved behind me. She pulled the second cock out of my pussy and sucked it nice and hard.

"You taste so good honey." Pauline said before sliding his cock back inside my pussy.

After a minute the guy behind me pulled his cock out and got off the bed. Again I was filled with another cock stretching my pussy with James' cock. As both cocks thrust my pussy I was ready to cum. The feeling was so intense and building.

"Yes, yes, don't stop." I screamed. "I'm cumming."

James held me tight feeling every shake of my body.

As I started to relax both guys pulled their cocks out of me. I rolled over on to the bed lying on my back. Pauline spread my legs apart and started gently licking my pussy. 

"Baby you taste so good." Pauline said.

I looked down at her enjoying my pussy as a guy moved behind her sliding his cock inside her pussy.

"God fuck me." Pauline said as she continued licking my throbbing pussy.

One of the guys watching knelt over me sliding his cock between my tits. He squeezed them together and started to fuck my tits. As his cock came close to my mouth I licked the head of his cock. 

"Fuck baby I want to cum all over your face." He said as he continued fucking my tits.

All of a sudden he knelt up stroking his cock. 

"Fuck yeah." He moaned as he shot his cum all over my face.

He stroked his cock shooting the last of his cum before getting off the bed.

"Oh baby you look gorgeous covered in all that cum." Pauline said looking at me.

I climbed off the bed and went into the bathroom to wipe the cum off my face, before heading back out to the lounge. I sat on the couch and no sooner I was joined by two guys who sat each side of me. Without a word both guys took turns kissing me grabbing my breasts and fingering my pussy. I closed my eyes enjoying the attention. The guy to the left took my hand and guided me up. He pulled me on to his lap where I mounted his hard cock. I rode him nice and hard feeling him slide deep inside me.

"God your pussy feels good. Let's give her a good fuck she won't forget."

The guy on the couch got up and stood behind me pushing me forward. His fat cock pressed against the opening of my arse, slowly spreading me apart. His cock slowly slid inside penetrating me. Now with two cocks inside me the feeling was amazing. My pussy was so wet and I knew it wasn't going to be long before I was ready to cum.

"Don't stop. Fuck me harder, fuck me I'm cumming." I screamed as my body tightened.

As both guys continued holding me tight fucking me, I moaned over and over. As my pussy and arse tightened I could feel every inch inside me. Both guys continued fucking me and we were joined on the couch by another woman. While she watched me being fucked she spread her legs fingering her pussy. 

After a few minutes the guys pulled their cocks out. I stood up and watched the woman on the couch. She looked like she was in her 50's, one of the older women of the group. I didn't mind as I always found older men and women more erotic. I knelt down between her legs, and as she removed her fingers from her pussy, I licked her juices from them before exploring her pussy with my tongue.

"Don't stop." She moaned as I continued teasing her pussy.

I slid two fingers inside her wet pussy fingering her as I continued teasing her with my tongue. She pulled her legs up and placed her feet spread apart on the couch. Her pussy now spread wide apart my tongue explored deeper inside her. As I continued tasting her wet pussy we were joined by a guy on the couch. I looked up as she grabbed his cock stroking him while I continued licking her pussy. All of a sudden I felt a cock enter me from behind. I looked around and noticed a guy behind me with his cock thrusting my pussy. It felt so good and every thrust drove my tongue deep inside her pussy. I felt her hands grab my hair pulling my tongue harder against her as she started to moan.

"I'm cumming." She screamed as her body shook.

My lips dripped with her cum as her body continued to shake. I continued to softly lick her pussy as she relaxed back into the couch. The guy behind me pulled his cock out of my pussy and stood up. He walked over to the couch stroking his cock. The woman took hold and started sucking and stroking him. 

"Fuck I'm going to cum." He moaned.

She continued stroking his cock as he let out a loud moan before shooting his cum all over her large tits. She sucked his cock taking the last of his cum in her mouth.

I stood up looking around the lounge and noticed Pauline. She had a cock in her pussy and arse fucking her hard while she sucked another cock. I stood watching for a minute getting more wet when James, Pauline's husband came up to me. 

"Come with me." He whispered.

I followed James down the hallway and noticed three guys following us to the bedroom. The guys started groping my breasts and arse as I started feeling their cocks. One of the guys lay on the bed with his hard cock ready for me to ride. I climbed up on the bed mounting him. James, very eager pushed me forward and knelt behind me sliding his cock in my arse. Both guys fucked me while the other two guys watched on. One by one, they took turns fucking my arse and pussy from behind while I continued riding a cock. James lay on the bed and rolled me off on to my side. Lying behind me he lifted my leg and slid his cock in my pussy. As he fucked me, the other three guys took turns fucking my mouth.

"Are you having fun honey?" Said a voice from the door.

"Always honey. She has a nice pussy." James replied.

"Honey I want to see you fill her pussy with your cum." Pauline said watching.

I glanced over at Pauline. She made herself comfortable on a chair at the end of the bed before fingering her pussy as she watched her husband fucking me. The three guys continued fucking my mouth and I knew before long I was going to be covered in cum. I glanced down at Pauline fingering her pussy. I could tell she was about to cum. She laid her head back and closed her eyes. She pulled her legs up fingering her pussy deeper.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah." She screamed as her body trembled over and over.

James slid his cock out of my pussy and slowly slid it in to my arse. He continued fucking me as one of the guys walked over to Pauline, still rubbing her wet pussy.

"Come all over me." Pauline said as he stroked his cock.

"Yeah I'm cummimg." He said before letting out a loud moan.

His cum shot all over her tits and stomach. I could tell Pauline enjoyed him cumming on her. I could feel James cock getting hard as he started breathing heavy. Watching a guy cum on his wife turned him on to the point he was ready to cum in my arse.

"I'm going to cum." James said.

"Fill her arse honey." Pauline said, watching.

"Fuck yeah I'm cumming." James said as he shot his cum over and over in my arse.

"Yeah, yeah, oh God." I screamed feeling his cock pulsating deep inside me.

James pulled his cock out of my arse and hopped off the bed. I rolled over lying on my back. I noticed a few more guys had joined the room and I was now surrounded by four. They stood around me stroking their cocks and I could tell I was about to be covered in cum. I lay rubbing my breasts and wet pussy as the guys moved in close.

"I'm cumming." Said one of the guys as he stroked his cock faster.

His cum shot all over my tits as I continued rubbing my pussy. He stuck his cock in my mouth as I licked him clean. He got off the bed as the remaining three guys moved in close stroking their cocks hard. All three guys we're ready to cum. One buy one they shot their cum all over my body. I opened my mouth catching drops of their cum before the guys took turns stick sticking their cocks in my mouth. I sucked them nice and clean swallowing the last of their cum.

"God honey you look so hot." Pauline said looking at the cum all over me.

I got up off the bed and headed into the bathroom where I wasn't alone. There was a woman bent over the basin being fucked from behind. Not bothered I hoped in the shower washing the cum off my body. As I washed the women moaned over and over. I couldn't help watching them as my fingers started to explore my pussy.

"Oh baby I cumming. Suck my cock." Said the guy pulling his cock out of her pussy.

She turned around and knelt down taking his cock in her mouth. She sucked him hard until he was ready to cum. 

"Oh baby suck it. I'm going to cum." He said as he let out a loud moan.

She kept her mouth open stroking his cock as he shot his cum in her mouth. As she swallowed she got up leaving him in the bathroom. He turned around looking at me rubbing my pussy in the shower. He opened the door and got in joining me. Straight away I knelt down taking his cock in my mouth tasting the last of his cum. 

I got up off my knees and walked out of the shower, drying my body with a towel. I headed out to the lounge where I found Pauline enjoying two cocks in her pussy. Just watching her was getting me so turned on. One of the guys, stroking his cock while watching Pauline, came over and took my hand lying me on my back on the floor. He spread my legs and lay on top of me sliding his cock in my pussy. I was so wet and his cock slid deep inside me as he started thrusting my pussy. His cock felt so good and I could tell he was ready to fill my pussy with his warm cum. He continued thrusting as he got harder.

"Fuck I'm cumming." He said as his cock exploded inside me.

Over and over his cock pulsated filling me with his cum, and it felt so good. He got up off me and before I could move, another lay down inserting his cock inside me. He fucked me hard and fast and I knew he wasn't far from cumming.

"Oh fuck baby. You ready for my cum." He said as his cock grew harder.

"Fill her pussy honey. Make her scream." A watching voice said.

After a few thrusts his cock was hard and ready to explode. His breathing got heavier as he pushed himself up and pushed his cock deep inside me.

"Fuck yeah feel it baby." He screamed as I let out a loud moan.

I could feel his cum shoot deep inside me over and over filling my pussy. He collapsed on top of me before getting up. As I lay still catching my breath, I could feel cum running out of my pussy. I got up and headed to the bathroom to clean myself. 

After about 20 minutes I exited the bathroom and headed out to the lounge. Most people had finished their fun and were starting to dress. They all left leaving only James, Pauline and another woman. I sat on the couch where I was joined by Pauline and the other women. I didn't know her name but that didn't bother me. 

"How about a little more fun honey?" James said as he walked over to the couch.

Pauline got up and knelt down on the floor. She took James cock in her mouth and sucked him until he was hard. The woman on the couch leaned over and started to tease my nipples with her tongue. It felt so good and I could feel my pussy was so wet. I spread my legs and started fingering my pussy. Her hand joined mine and she pressed my fingers deeper in to my pussy. I looked over at Pauline still stroking and sucking James hard cock. 

After a few minutes James took my hand and pulled me up off the couch. He positioned me on my knees and started fucking my pussy from behind. Pauline laid down on the floor watching while rubbing her pussy. The woman on the couch got up and joined Pauline in a 69 position on the floor; both enjoying the taste of each other's pussy. James continued fucking my pussy bringing me to the point of cumming as my body froze ready to cum all over his cock.
