 My dad was always working hard to give me what I wanted and needed. Since my mom died he'd been overly protective but super nice. Every summer since I got into high school, I would work at his tiny little taco shop around the corner from our house. It was very successful and every summer dad was opening up a new one. He still left me working at the old shop with the men I called uncles. I was always a skinny little kid and half the time people confused me for a boy. Ok I was kind of a tom boy. I would wear my hair back under a cap. I preferred pants to dresses and didn't really care for makeup. Everything changed my junior year in high school. My body started to develop and I grew out into a very voluptuous young woman. I had seen pictures of my mom and her sisters and they were a little on the chubby side. When I started to developed I was so scared that I was going to get fat and ugly. Because of this I watched what I ate and tried to keep in shape. 

The boys at school notice the sudden change but my dad ran them off with his shot gun. He put me to work more and more at the stand with my "uncles" Tavo, Enrique, Miguel, and Alberto. All the men were older than my father. My uncles were overweight, greasy, and sweaty, yet they were kind to me and worked very hard for my dad. They had seen me grow up before their eyes from a scrawny little boy to who I am now. Not a day goes by without them teasing me. Every day they remind me of how I used to love getting dirty and had to be into everything. I was so curious and had to experience everything first hand. "Curiosity killed the cat" they always reminded. I would just laugh, they always remember. 

After graduation my father sent me to Mexico for a few weeks with some relatives. He felt I needed a break from school and work before I went to college. Even though I had a blast with my Tio's and Tias it was good to finally come home to my dad. When I came home he had many new ideas for this little franchise. Daddy had everybody wearing uniforms, the shops had new menus, and he was having some remodeling to his shops. Our little taco shop was half way done when I got back. 

My dad and uncles were at the shop when I arrived for my first shift since my vacation. 

"And what do you think you're doing young lady?" asked my dad coldly when I entered the tiny shop.

"What do you mean?" I replied.

"Where's your uniform," he demanded.

"I thought that was just for the help papi," I answered.

"Oh no, everybody who works here needs there uniform. See I got mine," he retorted. (His uniform consisted of everyday pants and a polo shirt with the shop's logo. 

"But papi you know how much I hate dresses. And besides I left it at home," I pouted.

"I thought so. I had Erlinda drop one off at the shop for you. You better put it on or I'll have them put it on you," he said with a stern face as he pointed to the men in the shop.

I pouted and stamped my foot like a little brat. "Now, now mijita I have to go the other shops. You know what to do. So listen to me and take care of your tios and put on that dress to. Ok? I will see you later," he said. He kissed me on the fore head and left. 

After the door closed, I heard Tavo say, "So we're the help now? Mira, mira she goes to Mexico and now she all high and mighty." 

"Yea and after everything we did for her. The help. Pues si," said Enrique.

"We better get back to work before she fires us," said Miguel.

"No no I didn't mean you guys," I tried to explain. "I was talking about the other shops," I continued. 

"Here your dad said to put this on," said Alberto as he tossed me my uniform. The all went to the kitchen and started to prep for the day. 

I stomped and pouted into the break room. I threw the dress on the table and stared to change. It was a traditional Mexican waitress dress, white at the top and blue at the bottom. The frills on the edge of the dress both on the top and the hem gave it a Spanish feel to it. It was worn off the shoulder and was very thin. Dam it I had to take my bra off otherwise my straps would show. Erlinda must have brought me the smallest size they had because it fit me tighter than what I was used to wearing. Oh well I should take a look at how silly I look. Making my way to the bathroom mirror, I looked myself. Wow, it was a totally different person. The dress showed off every curve of my womanly body. I was five foot four inches, with long black straight hair. My dark skin made every white piece of material stand out. My perky 30ds barely fit in the tiny top and lots of cleavage was showing. Looking down I posed. My round ass could be seen clearly in the snug skirt. It came half way up my thigh showing off my long firm toned and naturally tan legs. I could not believe it was me in the mirror. I was gawking at myself. I blushed. This strange sensation rolled over my body. Looking at the mirror, I was shocked to see my nipples poking through the material like it was not there. You could clearly see the outlines of both of them. I played with my pigtails trying to see if they would cover them up. That only happened if I stood very still. 

When I turned all four of my "uncles" where gawking as well. Again, I blushed. "How long have they been standing there?" That's when I realized that never closed the door. "Did they see me change? Oh my god, I had my bra off," came to my mind. I don't know why but my gaze moved down. Four tents were looking back at me. "Oh my god, my 'uncles' are dirty old pervs," rushed to my mind. "Big thick pervs," came another thought out of nowhere. I felt my face getting hotter and redder. I was truly embarrassed because they were looking and my own thoughts. I cleared my throat and stammered, "We should get to work right?" I slowly walked towards them but they didn't move. I squeezed through them. Every nerve of my body was super sensitive. I felt my skin brush up on theirs as I squeezed through. My ass and tits were squished as I moved through the mass of men. My hands brushed up against the four of their cocks. I heard them inhale and I was out in the front of the shop. I never heard them exhale. 

I had my elbows on the counter with my chin in my hands trying to regain composure, when our first customer came in. Like most mom and pop shops we had plenty of regulars. Many didn't recognize me in a dress. Yet, everybody made a big fuzz about the beautiful woman I had become. Every man tried to hide the fact that they were all staring at my huge nipples that were poking through my shirt the entire day. The more they stared the harder my nipples got. 

There was plenty of sexual tension throughout the day in the shop, especially when there were no customers. At of the corner of my eyes I could see them staring at my tits or my ass or undressing me with their eyes. This made my nipples poke out even more. We were all ready to go home at the end of the day. I started go when I passed the mirror again. I decide to change out of my uniform before I went home. This time I made sure the door was locked.

When I got home, I had to show my dad the food stained uniform before he believed that I wore it. He also promised to call the shop tomorrow and check with my uncles. I was too tired to argue. We were not that busy but all the tension had burnt me out. I put my dress to wash and went to bed. That night I slept soundly. 

Dad was gone when I woke up the next morning. I put the dress in my purse and headed to the shop. Everyone was there when I got in. We all said hello and I went to the break room to change. Oh my god, the wash had shrunk my uniform. It was smaller and tighter than the day before. You could even see the outline of my thong through the dress. Ok I have to admit even though I'm a tom boy I do enjoy thongs. Now my uncle would know as well. As I made my way to the front I had to go through the crowd of uncles again. They all had on their uniforms but they were wearing cooking aprons as well. I could still see the bulges poking through their aprons. Today they looked bigger and straighter. Making my way through them, I could feel the bulges better than the day before. Part of the reason I noticed that they brush up on my hands more today. Silly, I thought and went to the counter. 

I went to my usual position at the counter; my elbows on the counter and my chin in my hands. By this time my uncles were busy cleaning preparing or darting around but I saw no one. I looked back over my shoulder and saw them just staring at me. It took only a few seconds to realize that they were staring at my ass. The tiny skirt had shrunk and in my current positions half my ass was showing. They were getting an eyeful. I looked at them and decided to turn around. I spread my legs a little more and arched my back. This gave them a much better view. They could see my white thong and went down the middle of my ass and barely covered my pussy. Why I did it? I do not know. It was something in me that said I should. 

As I kept thinking about them checking out my ass I started to get wet. Nobody had ever checked me out before and certainly I never showed off. Yet my boldness and their perverseness made my blood boil. My face felt flush and my body tingled. Every now and again I wiggled my ass. My body just react again I have no clue why I did it. Not long I felt one of them brush by. He was getting a wash cloth that was next to me. I felt the back of his hand as it grazed my bare ass. I didn't move. A few seconds later another one walked by doing the same thing with his hand. They took turns finding items they needed to get or put back next to me. Every touch got me hotter. Very little was spoken but lots was exchanged. 

The next day things were pretty much the same. I was in my spot when we didn't have customers and they paraded back and forth rubbing up on my bare round ass. Tio Tavo changed it when he stood behind reached in front of me for some toothpicks. They just happen to fall out of their container and we had to pick them up. It took forever. For every one I put back, it seemed two would fall out. More importantly, Tio Tavo kept grinding his cock on my ass. I could feel the hardness slip between my cheeks but because of his apron and pants it would not go all the way. The other three men found other ways to get behind me and repeat Tio Tavo's actions. By the afternoon my young body was screaming for attention. Yet I understood why they didn't do anything further. I wanted to see what else they would try but I needed something done soon. The end of the day finally came and I couldn't wait to get home.

That night I lay in bed tossing and turning. My fingers went down to my pussy and I started to play. I had masturbated before but I tried not to do it. If I was going to cum, a man would have to do it. Tonight I was making an exception. I was too hot and horny and I let my fingers bring me to a satisfying end. My thought went to the taco shop. Feeling their hands on my ass, then their bulges fighting the material to get at me, I fell in love with the attention. I went to sleep eager for the next day at work. 

Again everyone was at work before me. I went to the break room to change. I started to close and lock the door but I stopped myself. Instead, I closed it just enough to where it would open slightly and I adjusted the mirror in the restroom so I could see if anybody came near. Slowly, I got undressed. I heard a slight noise when I was bending over taking off my pants and again when I took off my bra. I looked at the mirror from the corner of my eyes. Yes, they were all watching me. All I had on was my tiny little thong and nothing else. My nipples grew long and hard. I did not want to get dressed. Purposefully and slowly, I put lotion on my body. My hands slowly spread it all over my body paying very close attention to my perky 30ds. As my hands left my tits I would pull my nipples making them harder. I made sure they could see that. Then I turned so they could see my ass as I applied the lotion to it as well. Finally, I could not find any other excuse to stay half naked and I slowly put my uniform on. I heard them scuffle away when I put on shoes on. 

I went to my usual spot and waited for the attention. I didn't have to wait long before they started. Today, we talked and played and giggled like before I had gone to Mexico. But the games and banter was much more adult. We had a great day. As a matter of fact the day went by too fast. 

For the second night in a row, I found myself masturbating thinking of the day's events. I pulled my nipples, sucked them and fondled my own breasts. My fingers explored my hot wet pussy. I made myself cum three times before I fell asleep. As good as I was with my fingers, I wanted the real thing. 

Thursday was always the slowest day for us. As usual they were waiting for me and I slowly walked into the shop. We said hello laughed and played as we walked by to the break room so I could change. I was so involved in our conversation that I didn't notice they had sat down. I was already pulling my shirt from my pants when I realized they were going to watch me change. I hesitated for a second. The room went dead quiet. I tried to act like nothing out of the ordinary was happening but it was too quiet. Tio Miguel was the first to make a joke and we all laughed. We started talking and joking around again. I was too nervous should I go on and change in front of them or wait to see if they leave. The decision was made for us. An early customer had walked in and they filed out slowly to attend to him. I quickly changed and joined them. We had another good day. This time if their hands came to my ass they would grab it or rub it. They tried harder to grind their cover cocks into my ass. The day end with me frustrated again.

The following morning I made it a point to start the conversation before changing. Again they followed me back. We kept talking as I started to change. Tio Enrique and I were doing most of the talking because my other uncles were watching me with open jaws. First I took off my shirt like I did when I was alone. Then my pants with a matter of fact attitude, but the room became dead quiet when I took off my bra. I even stopped. Did I go too far? Was this too much? I was standing in a tiny room with four old horny men in just my thong. I could not move. 

"Ay dios nina que lindas tetas tienes," said my Tio Enrique.

I blushed. They were licking their lips and absently mindedly playing with their cocks over their aprons. My body went hot and cold at the same time. My face was flushed like I had a fever and my mouth went dry. 

"Turn around mijita," said Tio Miguel. "Show us the rest of your nice body."

Slowly, I turned. They had lust in their eyes as they looked at me. Tio Alberto reached for my hand and pulled me to the center of the tiny room as they surrounded me. "Que linda. Que buen estas. Ay dios que ricas tetas. Mira esta nalgitas tan mas ricas," were the comments that came from them. When I face Tio Tavo both his hands went up to my breasts.

"You have the biggest tits mijita. Who would have thought that that skinny little brat would grow tits this big and firm and soft," he said as he kneads them. It was the first time a man hand ever touched them and I was on fire. He groped them, pulled and pinched my nipples, and pushed them together. He even showed them to the rest of the men to get their agreement. 

Tio Miguel stood behind me and I felt his hands grabbing my ass. "Look at this round ass. You used to be so skinny, how look how round it is. Between the squeezing and the rubbing he would give it a light tap. Every time he did that it sent a chill up my spine. 

Tio Enrique brought his hand to my face and cupped my chin in it. Pushing his thumb to my lips he brushed them back and forth. "What I love is this full pouty mouth you have mijita; it's so red and full." He slipped the thumb into my mouth and I started to suck it. 

Tio Tavo stepped closer. "I want to get a better look at what's under these," he said as he pulled my thong to my ankles. He was on his knees looking right at my pussy. With Tio Enrique's thumb in my mouth I looked down at him pass Tio Alberto's hands which were massaging my tits. I saw him stick his middle finger in his mouth and wet it. Slowly he brought it to my pussy and ran along the slit. I moan and slighted bit down on Tio Enrique's thumb. "You like it huh mijita," he asked. I shook my head yes. "Well mijita we're going to teach you how to be a woman," he said. They all moved back and got undressed. Oh god, I never been with man before and here I am about to be with four. I stood there naked and watched. My eyes transfixed on their hard cock. I never seen one much felt them. My body was tingling with excitement. 

Tio Tavo lay on his in the middle of the room. The other three men help me place a foot on each of his side as they help me lower my body onto his. I was afraid and excited at the same time. I felt the head right on the entrance to my tiny little bald pink pussy. Looking up at me, he asked, "Are you ready?" I didn't say a word I just nodded yes. He grabbed my tiny hips with his strong hand and started to pull me down onto his cock. It was too big. It did not want to go in. The other three men put their hands on my shoulders and helped him push into me. Pain rifled my body as his huge cock entered my virgin pussy. I let out a tiny scream. "SSHHHHH, you will get used to it. Hold still," he said. I held very still. After a few moments, he again started to pull me onto his cock. When it was all in, he stopped. Everyone was looking at me. I was in the middle of the room, naked with a cock deep in my pussy. I looked at Tio Tavo. He was in other world. His smile told me he loved having his huge old cock in my tiny little young pussy. I looked up and all the men were smiling at me rubbing their cocks.

I felt Tio Miguel go to his knees behind me. He placed his one hand on my shoulder and pushed me forward just enough. One of my hands landed on Tio Enrique's high and the other one on Tio Ablerto's thigh. I felt Tio Miguel's cock rubbing up and down the crack of my ass. He then stopped and I could feel him trying to take the virginity from yet another one of my holes. Tio Miguel was having a harder time than Tio Tavo, after a few minutes of struggling, he past the entrance into my ass. Oh god I had two big cocks in my tiny body. They were both moving very slowly in tiny motions.

I opened my mouth to say something when Tio Enrique shoved his cock in my mouth. "Oh my god I'm a little cock sucker," ran through my mind. Tio Enrique placed his hands on my head and slowly started to fuck my mouth. He held my head firm and still and he pumped slowly away. "Suck it," he kept repeating. After getting over the initial shock and grossness I first felt, I began to enjoy it. The long shaft going in and out of my mouth was like nothing I ever felt. It was hard and soft at the same time. I had no clue what to do but Tio Enrique was quickly teaching me what to do. 

Tio Alberto guided my hand to his cock so I could jerk him off. He was pulling and tugging on my tits the whole time. I could barely get my little hand round his thick cock. It was awkward for me. The first time being fucked, I have a cock in my mouth, one in my pussy and one in my ass. I was being stretched and gagged while trying to jerk off this huge member. The three other men where fucking me at their own pace so I focused on Tio Ablerto's dick. Up and down long gentle strokes. Listening to his moan, I found my own pace. Stroking and pulling it as best I could. 

I had never heard them curse until today. "That's it baby; let me fuck that tight little pussy. Oh mijita your ass is so tight. MMMMM little girl, you suck cock good. That's it you little slut stroke my cock." Tio Alberto and Enrique began to take turns making me gag with their big cocks. They would each grab the back of my head and forcefully shove their cocks down my mouth. Tio Tavo kept fucking my tight little pussy; it was being stretch good by his fat cock. I just heard him moaning every time he shoved it in. Tio Miguel kept pounding my ass hard. When he spanked me and called me dirty names, it sent a chill up my spine. They were stuffing my little body with huge cocks and I loved every second. 
