 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

Looking back in time, it is funny – in a strange sort of way – how things develop into something that you never expected to happen.

Back in my college days, I played the field at a party school for a couple of years, loving the ready availability of pussy around the campus. I suppose in a way it was lucky that I didn't come down with something, some STD, but I managed to get lucky even though I seldom used condoms.

Then in the third year of a five year program, I met Patty Snider and things changed. Patty and I - my name is Gene Layne, and yes, I've gotten lots of jokes about "you've lain with a lot of women, huh?" - seemed to be made for each other. We had so many things in common, including the love of a good fuck, that we spent most of our free time together. After graduation, I signed up with a multi-national company who gave me a very nice signing bonus for a five year contract. I used the bonus to purchase a nice three-bedroom house in a not-too-old suburb and Patty and I set up house. We talked about getting married but neither of us was really sold on the institution, since we both came from split families.

It turned out that we had a lot of neighbors within a small radius who were our age and friendly. We were invited to a barbeque at the home of nearby couple where we met a number of other couples, some married but others not, just like us.

Soon after the barbeque, six of us couples started getting together for card nights at one house or another. Actually Patty and I started the ball rolling by inviting them to our house first. There were Jim and Jean Thomas, Dan and Trish Williams, Gary and Wanda Baccus, Charlie Nolan and Lisa Harrington, and Irv Daniels and Nora Fellini.

We started off playing tournament spades, both women and men drawing numbers and pairing up as partners for the first round. Then each subsequent round, there was a pre-arranged pairing so that every man and every woman were paired up as partners at some point in the nights' games. That made it fun, even if it was just cards. For the next several weeks, we played at a different couple's house using similar rules.

The next week before we started, Jean suggested that we change to poker just to make things different. Gary said that was a great idea, as long as it was strip poker. There was a long discussion, mostly among the women but finally they agreed. The women gave the men a good run but in the long term, they were not as experienced as most of the guys. We had all six of them totally naked, along with Dan and Irv, while the rest of us guys still had on various bits of clothing, although no one was still fully dressed.

We were still playing to see who would be the final winner, not allowing any of the women to put any of their clothes back on, when Dan scooted around behind Trish and began to rub her shoulders. While the game was still going on, Dan's hands slipped down to cup Trish's heavy tits. Any of the guys who didn't have a hard-on before had one then. And Trish didn't need any other encouragement before she shifted onto hands and knees, pushing her ass back at Dan. His cock slipped between her buttocks, found her slick pussy and buried balls deep inside her.

I glanced around the room. The card game had been forgotten. Everyone was completely focused on the couple fucking among us. Guys and girls alike were licking their dry lips. Patty leaned forward to get a closer look at their coupling and I couldn't pass up the opportunity – I wet my cock by sliding it up and down between her labia and then slipped it into her.

I closed my eyes for a bit, slowly slip-sliding in and out of Patty's wonderful core. For some reason, it seemed far more sensual than our usual sexual activity. When I did open my eyes, seemingly after just a few moments, each couple was similarly involved. Every man was fucking his wife or significant other. It was a very erotic scene, maybe made even more so because we were so close that we couldn't help touching other couples.

Patty reached a hand out and cupped Dan's balls. To our other side, Charlie had Lisa on her back with her legs high in the air as he plowed her missionary style, her head next to my legs. Lisa spotted Patty fondling Dan and dropped a hand over my leg to massage my testicles. Charlie cupped a handful of Patty's nearest tit so I captured one of Lisa's and began fondling it.

The other couples had taken their cue from us and were fucking their partners and feeling up those nearby. Even so, it took me by surprise when Lisa's middle finger slipped into Patty's pussy, alongside the big swollen vein on the bottom of my cock.

Sounds began to fill the room, sounds of wet flesh smacking into wet flesh, sounds of women moaning in pleasure, sounds of men groaning in anticipation, words of encouragement from all players. It wasn't long before the room was filled with the sounds of women having orgasms, and signs of men spurting their loads of cum into their sweet ladies. I was the last to finish, perhaps not being quite so fast to fuck Patty hard as some of the men did with their partners.

We had rested several minutes, a humorous looking group of naked arms and legs intertwined, too tired for the moment to sort ourselves out. Then abruptly, Wanda jumped up and said, "Ladies, time for refreshments. Will you all help me in the kitchen please?"

The six women followed Wanda and like all the other guys, I couldn't help but follow the six naked bottoms swaying out of the room. I already had another hard-on before the last straggler was out of sight.

We began to talk among ourselves. I don't think anyone could believe what had just happened. Yet it was obvious that none of us regretted the turn of events. We wondered about the attitude of the ladies though, and whether they were of the same opinion as the men or not.

I had begun to think that it was taking the women a long time just to get refreshments when they returned, single file, each one with a tray of drinks or bowls of chips or containers of dip. They put a small table in the middle of the group and we all sat on the carpeted floor, digging into the goodies, replenishing our energy.

In just a few minutes, Wanda clapped her hands until everyone stopped talking and looked at her. "Fellas, the women talked and we are all in agreement. We think that we should be able to swap partners tonight – as often as we want to – as long as we all stay in this room. That way if anyone develops an objection, they can know what is happening with their usual partner. What do you guys think?"

You could have heard an ant crawl across the floor for a moment. Then pandemonium broke out among the men. Everyone agreed, wholeheartedly, once they understood that the women had already agreed to a swinging arrangement. There were no dissenting comments, at least that I heard.

Wanda explained that the women thought that, to keep from having some conflicts, all pairing should be done by a draw, like we used to do for the spades tournaments. That would keep any down jealousy in case two people chose the same partner. However once all participants had been fairly well satisfied, any pairing would be acceptable so long as it was agreeable with the involved parties.

All of the guys conceded that those rules would be acceptable. Even if someone wanted to fuck a particular woman, you had to figure that the luck of the draw would let every guy fuck every girl sooner or later. This had to be the ol' proverbial "bird's nest on the ground" kind of treasure. I just didn't see how there could be any losers.

The women made up slips of paper with the numbers one to six and put them in a coffee mug. Dan passed the mug around, making the women reach high to draw a number. Then with the numbers back in the mug, Lisa passed it for the men to draw. I drew number five and matched up with Wanda.

The ladies decided to use the missionary position and arranged themselves in a circle with their heads at the center. When the guys matched up with their respective partner, I looked around the circle and thought that it was one of the most erotic sights I had ever seen. I slipped my cock into Wanda's pussy, finding her already dripping wet with anticipation. Although Patty's 36DDs were the largest tits of the group, I estimated Wanda's at 40D, nice pillows with extra long nipples so I spent a few seconds teasing her breasts and suckling on those big nips.

Sitting upright on my knees, I pulled Wanda's legs up to my shoulders and began to slowly plow her soft warm pussy, glancing around the group to see how everyone else was doing. There were as many different techniques as there were guys controlling the action but everyone was doing great. Looking around the circle, I noticed that most of the women had let their hands stray to someone beside them, whether it be to the man or the woman. 

A few of the more industrious ones had a hand on someone on each side. Patty's left hand was teasing Jean's clit while her right hand was squeezing Nora's tit, all while Gary roamed in and out of her pussy. I felt a small twinge of something that could have been jealousy but it quickly disappeared as I realized that we were both enjoying a little "extracurricular activity."

The party didn't break up until nearly two in the morning, although some of the men had already given up. Before I called it a night, I had fucked all six of the women and I don't think anyone was disappointed. Several hours before, the group agreed that this was a lot more fun than the card games and we should change our get-togethers into swingers night. Lisa agreed that the following Friday night we would meet at their house, where they had a finished basement that would be ideal for our use.

I could barely wait for the next Friday to arrive. The week seemed to pass so slowly. Finally it did and the gang gathered at Lisa and Charlie's place. The atmosphere seemed to be a little giddy ... I think everyone was just as anxious as me.

We started the night drawing for starting partners and I got Trish Williams. We decided to start with doggy style, primarily because I loved Trish's big round butt. Patty and Charlie were to my right, with her on her back and legs in the air, while Jim was working above Lisa on my left side. While I pumped Trish's pussy, she and Patty and Lisa were kissing and sucking each other's tits and generally exploring each other's bodies.

After the first round, it was decide to dispense with the drawing for partners and just let it happen. Nobody got left out and I think all of the guys, at least, got all the pussy they could handle. Gary and I were the last two guys "standing" and neither of us got any complaints from the ladies, although I was so tired, I let the last three ladies control the action from above.

Our Friday nights followed a similar pattern for the next few months. Then one Friday before we got started, Charlie asked for a meeting. He said that his secretary, Faye Randome had learned about the club and asked if she and her boyfriend, Ted Noviski, could join. They had been monogamous for over two years but were looking to add a little spice to their sex lives. Four of the group already knew Faye and two of the guys knew Ted, all of whom vouched for them being a fun couple. Charlie was given the go ahead to invite them to join us the next week.

That seemed to open a sort of floodgate – well, maybe not a floodgate but at least it opened a crack in the beaver dam. We began to get applications to join the group almost every week. Along the way, it was suggested that we come up with a formal name for the group. Because it was a group of swingers and the Williams had a swinging gate in their back yard that they couldn't keep closed – a source of much kidding – it became The Swinging Gate, or often just The Gate.

By the time we reached the first anniversary of that initial poker game, the club consisted of eleven regular (almost every week) couples and seven couples who came as often as they could work it into their schedules, usually one or two times a month. We elected a president, vice-president, secretary-treasurer, and a photographer. Since my career work involved photography and I had access to professional equipment, I was elected to that position. All of the officers came from the original six couples.

Having just past the club's fourth anniversary, we are up to 51 regular couples and 77 "transient" couples, so at any given night, we could have up to 128 couples or 256 people. Obviously that was too much for one home so we began to assess modest monthly dues, which went into purchasing an old but sturdy warehouse, which the guys spent weeks in remodeling and repainting while the women purchased furniture from second-hand stores and garage sales and set about making it comfortable for our purposes.

The warehouse is now open six nights a week and some of our members take advantage of it almost every night. We have a rotating Supplies Committee that provides refreshments, condoms, and towels regularly. We charge a nominal fee for the consumables just to be able to keep the supply up, not to make any money on it.

I love being the designated photographer. One of the more popular activities, other than the normal swapping, is for a woman to request a gang bang on a special day – birthday, anniversary, or some such. She selects the number of men she would like to give her attention, makes the invitations, and sets the place, usually in her home. I get invited to almost every one of those to record the action – and to participate, usually toward the end of each round, maybe just before the hubby or s/o. Okay, so it is sloppy sevenths or twelfths or something but it is still pussy. Patty will usually "visit" with one or more of the wives or s/o's while I am occupied.

In our third year, I began posting some of our pictures on an adult website, at the behest of the club. Some of the participants wanted their faces pixilated out but most agreed to the posting as is. The members enjoy reviewing pictures of themselves fucking and really love the comments of visitors who write about the pictures being hot.

Patty and I used to get along fairly well. We enjoyed each other's company but ultimately our sex life settled into a bit of a rut. Now, Patty loves it when we fuck, because it is different from what she had become accustomed to at the club. She loves sampling the wide variety of techniques of all the men and the various sizes and shapes of their equipment. I have to say the same thing is true for me. Although some people say a pussy is a pussy or a tit is a tit, I think all women are a little different from all other women and I get a thrill out of trying different women. Not only do their bodies feel different but their expressions are unique and the way they show appreciation – or disappointment – varies from person to person.

Earlier I said that I had been lucky; I've got to say that term continues to apply to me. I have been endowed with a larger cock than the average man and few of the ladies fail to comment favorably on it and how it makes them feel. I have been fortunate to have more "staying power" than most of the men. Yes, we all love screwing the women, but some of us are fortunate enough to get to fuck more than others. I guess some of that is technique, some of it is physical shape, but a lot of it is luck.

Feel free to check us out online. Or, if you're settled in our area and would like to be part of the group, give us a call. New cock-and-pussy sets are always welcome at The Swinging Gate.

The End