 For my birthday, my wife Amy gave me quite a surprise. When I came home from work, she met me at the door. "Don't even think of coming in here, we've got hotel reservations and we are going to use them." She practically shoved me out the door with the carry on luggage that she had packed already. 

As we drove to the hotel I inquired about the plans for the evening but was met with silence while she entered the address of the hotel. I decided to simply enjoy the drive, as I had no reason to complain about the situation so far. Amy slapped my hand away as I tried to rub her leg. "Nope, I am saving the fun for later." 

After checking into the hotel and getting "freshened up" we headed off to dinner ("gotta make sure you have energy for tonight!"). Dinner was enjoyable but forgettable, given what followed. Afterwards we had an Uber pick us up and Amy provided an address. 

During the ride Amy teased me a bit, rubbing my thigh - but continuing to refuse me doing anything to her - and inching her way toward the growing bulge in my pants. 

The car service dropped us off in front of a large family home in a nice neighborhood. I had no idea whose house it was and looked curiously at Amy. Her voice shook a bit as she said "you'll find out soon." We knocked on the door and were greeted by a middle-aged man in casual clothing. He gave a noncommittal look until Amy said, "I RSVP'd ahead of time, we're the Ponds."

"Oh, great! Come in! I'm Steve," he said as he stepped aside to let us in. "Make yourself comfortable. Most everyone is still downstairs, but feel free to head upstairs to the play areas whenever you want."

Play areas? My curiosity piqued. I started to think...would she? I mean we had talked about it, but she seemed too nervous about the idea...But maybe for my birthday was she finally going to give a swinger's club a try? It made sense, given that Amy had managed to free up an entire weekend without the kids. 

I reached around and squeezed Amy's butt to let her know that I was getting excited. We stepped down into the group area where some couples were casually sipping drinks and chatting. 

"First time?" one of the woman asked. "That obvious?" I responded, taking control. Amy had gotten us here, but I suspected it would take the pair of us to get through the night without losing the nerve to try something this daring.

"Yep, you two look so nervous. But relax, we're all just here to have a good time. No pressure." We both smiled and I poured drinks for the two of us. 

We looked around trying to find a couple that were on their own as there were many people in larger groups. Clearly there were a lot of regulars here. We wandered over to a man with a well-groomed beard and his beautiful-in-an-unassuming-sort-of-way wife. They seemed just our type so we struck up a conversation. We seemed to hit it off right away, conversation flowed quickly and easily. They introduced themselves as Clara and Rob, and had been in the lifestyle for about five years. We were having a great time, but soon another couple that clearly knew them walked up and joined us. The man winked at them and gave a knowing nod. The couple took the cue and went off towards the stairs.

We chatted with the new couple, but it wasn't the same, the night was progressing as more and more couples headed upstairs. The woman draped her arm around the man and nodded toward the balcony. 

I looked where she indicated and noticed that some couples had made their way upstairs to the "play" areas. Amy gripped my hand and whispered, "Do you want to head up there and maybe watch a bit?" I tried to contain my excitement and we excused ourselves and walked up the stairs. 

The first room we came to we cautiously peeked in and to my surprise there were three beautiful, naked women casually making out on a bed while lightly stroking each other, a man was lounging in a chair nearby languidly smoking a cigarette watching them. Clearly we had just missed the main event. Nonetheless, I could feel myself harden and I knew that Amy was getting excited, I could feel her body heat rising as she interlaced her fingers through mine and we continued down the hall. 

We very quickly encountered an open door where a man was on the floor with his face buried in a woman's crotch. She was moaning and gripping his head while it bobbed up and down furiously. The energy here was much more feverish than the previous room and we watched the scene unfold. Soon the woman pushed his head up and squirted all over his face. He reveled in the moment. Amy reached over and squeezed my cock through my pants. She leaned over to me and whispered, "I'm getting more wet than I think I've ever been. Let's go find a room." I nodded and followed her, content to follow her lead. 

We heard moaning as we walked over to another open room and I realized it was the couple that we had been talking to downstairs, Clara and Rob. Clara was on her knees while her husband casually entered her from behind. She noticed us and said "Hey guys, come on innnnnnn," as she suddenly bowed her head from the quick thrusts of her husband, who started laughing knowing he was hitting the right spot. 

We walked over the the bed next to them where Amy pushed me down with my head on the pillow. I was pleasantly surprised. She went to the other side and immediately unzipped my pants and worked my painfully-hard cock out of its underwear. She made sure to position herself in just the right way to ensure she had a great view of the wife as she was getting fucked from behind. She kept her eyes trained on the woman as she began slowly licking up the side of my cock every so often glancing up at me with a little vixen smile. I so very much wanted her to pull me fully into her mouth, but she spent at least a minute working around it, up and down. Every so often flicking her tongue across my balls which sent quick jolts of pleasure through my entire body. 

Finally she grabbed my engorged member in her hands and sucked me fully into her mouth and began bobbing up and down, up and down, while at the same time reaching behind to take off her own underwear, a little clumsily at first, but then seductively as she realized the wife was watching her too. However, she amazingly still slapped my hand away as I tried to finger her. "I want the first thing that enters my pussy tonight to be you." I groaned as she took her mouth off and began licking while rubbing her fingers around my perineum. Just feeling her getting anywhere near my asshole caused my cock to throb in her mouth as she slid her mouth all the way down my shaft again. 

Feeling the pulse, she asked, "Can I ride you?" I nodded and fully pulled off pants so she had full access. I grabbed her then and pulled her toward me. The husband and wife on the other bed cheered. Amy groaned as she lowered herself onto me. She was so slick with with the lubrication her body had generated that I was immediately deep inside her filling her wholly. As she began grinding I pulled off her dress so that she was absolutely naked and I could watch her beautiful tits bounce as she rode me.

In the background I heard the wife scream "Oh god, Oh god, Oh god, yes, yes, yes, mmmmmm." Immediately followed by her breathy "Fuck yeah babe, why don't you go see if they want some help." I glanced up at Amy as she panted on me, grinding her clit on my pelvis slowly back and forth. I looked over at Rob as he pulled out of his wife, still hard. His cock looked a bit smaller than mine. More importantly, it was thinner. Both Amy and I glanced at each as we realized at the same time that he had the perfect cock to fulfill their long time fantasy. 

Amy nodded at me, and I said "We'd love it if you joined us. But it would be our first time."

"I'll be gentle."

The husband sauntered over with his cock swinging slightly as Amy moved so that her ass was presented more. He came up onto the bed and grabbed my wife's hips and looked at me. "You sure?" I nodded and Amy responded while looking me in the eyes, "I want to feel you both inside me." His cock was still soaked from his wife's pussy and the liquid from her orgasm. This made it easier as he gently began to push the head of his cock into Amy's ass. We had had plenty of anal play with toys, so she knew how to relax to allow him in. 

She moaned and bit her lip as the large part of his head got through, he pumped in and out a few times and she collapsed forward as he was finally able to push all the way in. 

"Oh my god" she said as she leaned up and began pushing back onto him. Taking the cue, he stayed mostly still to allow her to control the motion. I leaned up and began thrusting into her again while taking her right nipple in my mouth and biting down. "Oh fuck, oh fuck" she said and squeezed her eyes shut as she began pushing back more with a quickened pace. 

"Oh fuck me, I'm about to cum, oh my god, please cum in my ass. I want to feel you explode inside me." 

I looked over and saw that Clara, who had been lazily playing with her own pussy, had quickened her pace as she moaned. She smiled at me and nodded to him. Rob took over and began thrusting harder and harder while Amy reached up to grab the headboard to brace herself to take his pounding cock. 

As soon as he started groaning I felt her legs tighten as her Kegel-strengthened muscles gripped my cock as her orgasm rocked her whole body. Finally being in a place where she could vocalize she screamed "yes, yes yes, I'm cumming I'm cumming I'm cumming." That of course set me off and I felt the release of all the sexual energy of the night as my penis pulsed inside her. Her juice mixed with mine spilling out her throbbing pussy and onto her thigh.

Amy came for a good 30 seconds before finally pushing Rob away and collapsing onto me. 

"Fuck your ass felt good, you ok?"

Amy was unable to speak but nodded furiously. 

Clara walked over to the bed and kissed Amy on the cheek and whispered, "Maybe next time we can have some fun?"

She kissed her back and nodded. 

I knew Amy would think of something.