 The swingers party........................

I'm a woman. NO, I don't ask you to judge me. Just read, enjoy, and realise that in my stories I leave out the boring details like putting on condoms, washing up, etc, etc. If you like the story, please leave a comment. If you don't, that's ok too. However..................

Please, if you don't like sex to be fun, dirty, or hopefully both - then DON'T READ IT!

Steve and I have a couple of really close friends. Their names are Carol and James, and we have a great time together whenever we go out.

Steve and James met in University, and James married Carol a four years ago after a steamy romance and several highly erotic break ups and get back togethers. They are now really happy and a wonderful couple. Together, we have shared many, many good times, and the occasional sexy one too!

Anyway, we introduced them to the Saints and Sinners Balls here in Melbourne, and they loved them! James has always been a perv, but it was Carol who surprised Steve and I with the level of experimentation and daring she as shown at the balls we have attended so far.

This story however took place recently when the four of us decided to go out together to a house party we were invited to by a friend from my work. Apparently Kelly and her husband Tony were chatting with Steve one day about a property deal when the subject of hobbies and fun came up. Tony mentioned that he and Kelly were exploring the swinging scene here in Melbourne, and wondered if he and I would like to come to their next party at their home in the outer eastern suburbs. To cut a long story short, we decided to go and we invited James and Carol, thinking it would be good to have another familiar couple there in case it was boring, or we felt uncomfortable.

Anyway, the weekend was fast approaching, and Carol rang me.

"Dee, I'm so nervous about Saturday. What will I wear? Should I wax? Will you stay close? What do I do if someone touches me?"

"Whoooooo baby, calm down!" I said, sensing both her excitement and her anxiety at the same time.

"Now let's deal with one issue at a time ok?"

"Oh. Yep. Sorry. Am just getting all excited and nervous too. Ok, so tell me what you think, Dee. James keeps teasing and turning me on talking about watching me fucking other men, and he even told me he wants to watch me eat you! Can you believe that?"

"Mmmmm, well we may just have to tease him a little then huh?" I answered, slightly shocked but also totally turned on.

You see, James and I go way back, way before Carol was on the scene, and I know he has always wanted to fuck me. The extra issue in all of this is that he has a massive dick. I mean, his penis is easily ten inches long, and once, when he was drunk and stiff in our spa, he pushed it at me and begged me to hep him cum. I declined his offer, but fucked Steve like crazy that night thinking of the size of it and imagining it was fucking me to my own climax. It really IS a large cock.

"Listen, I tell you what. Can you come over Thursday night and we can try on a few outfits and have a chat and stuff?" I asked, not wanting to rush things at the last minute on Saturday. 

I always like to make a special day of it when I am going out to a sexy function. I like to have my hair done, get my nails done, and generally relax and enjoy myself before the wild events of the night. Carol said she'd be here at 7.30 Thursday, and I told her to come alone, so that James would not know what we had planned to wear, or what we were thinking of getting up to if we organised anything 'special'. In addition, I thought that by telling him to stay home, knowing that we were together with Steve, trying on sexy outfits and being naughty, would increase his sexual frustration a little, and make him all the more horny for Saturday night.

At work on Thursday Carol emailed me and told me she would bring a bottle of lambrusco to go with our pizza. We'd shared lambrusco before and we knew we loved the fruity taste. We also knew a bottle between us would relax us a little and make trying on erotic clothes and lingerie more fun in front of Steve.

I left work a little early and ran myself a nice long bath when I got home, trimming the few pubic hairs that had regrown since my last brazilian waxing. I did my hair, applied some light makeup, then added the final touch, my Jean Paul Gaultier perfume that Steve loves so much. I put on my satin nightgown and made the kids some dinner, before sitting down with them to help them with their homework.

Steve arrived about six thirty, and we sat around and chatted with the kids until seven, when he excused himself and showered and shaved, in anticipation of a special night with me once Carol had left. He knows I much prefer him clean shaven all over, and he winked at me when he came back into the living room wearing a pair of shorts and a relaxed polo shirt.

Carol arrived a few minutes late, and we ordered the pizzas. She was still in her work clothes, and apologised as she'd been held up at the office.

"No problem" said Steve, and he headed off to grab a couple of pizzas as the two of us chatted.

We shared a coffee, chatted about work, and spent a little more time with the kids before they went to watch some TV in the theatre room. Carol ten confessed she was totally excited by the thought of attending her first swingers party.

"God, me too" I said. "I've always wondered what it might be like to wander through a house and watch people fuck!"

"Shit, Dee. Forget watching, what about the thought of actually fucking other people? Doesn't that make your nipples hard? It sure makes me want to reach down and play with my pussy just at the thought of it!"

We both laughed.

"I guess I hadn't really thought of it that way, but yes, definitely!"

About an hour later, and after two glasses of lambrusco and some pizza, I put the kids to bed.

The three of us retired to the billiard room where we relaxed and chatted once more. Steve set up the balls and we had a couple of games just to relax the atmosphere, before I suggested Carol and I grab some outfits and get started trying them on.

"Sounds good to me girls" said Steve. "I'll check on the kids and get things cleaned up in the kitchen. Call me when you need a man's opinion, ok?"

"We will, baby" I said as I grabbed Carol by the hand and lead her to our bedroom to get the fun started.

Our main bedroom is built like a kind of playroom I guess. We've always liked spending lots of time in bed, and playing sexily, but with teenage kids, we have to be a little careful where we fuck. So, our main bedroom and ensuite is set up for just that purpose. It is a large room and features two matching walk in robes, both covered in mirrors so we can see ourselves from every angle. Their' also that hook in the ceiling that the kids ask about all the time. I tell them it's to hang clothes to dry in emergencies, but it actually holds our fantastic sex swing!

Anyway, Carol and I quickly took off our clothes and put on the first of the outfits I had laid out.

Carols was a black mesh mini dress with large bell cuffs. It had a deep plunging neckline, and a sexy exposed back, which showed off her amazing back really well. Carol is a fitness fanatic, and her back is very, very sexy. Her muscles are defined and I love rubbing suntan lotion on her because I find her back very erotic. On her feet, I gave her my black platform sandals. Luckily we are both the same shoe size, despite me being almost three inches taller than her. Looking herself up and down in the mirrors, she liked what she saw. So did I. She looked hot. I imagined the men at the swingers party would not be able to keep their hands off her body in the dress for very long. The fact it was sheer meant she could only wear a small thong, if any underwear at all.

My outfit was different. It was a pink mesh tube dress, which I matched with my lipstick pink platform mules. I have worn this outfit before to the ball, and I know the effect it has on men's dicks. It's perfect. I never wear underwear underneath it. (I have a few pics of me wearing it at the last ball if anyone wants to see – just email me ok)

Anyway, by the time we checked ourselves out in the mirror, we knew we looked pretty hot together, and knew the men on Saturday would be in for a sexy time when we walked though the door.

I called to Steve, and instead of him rushing in as I had expected, he called for us to come to his study, which is just down the hallway.

We walked in, our huge heels clicking all the way down our timber floors, and he whistled as we entered.

"Wow. You both look HOT! Can't wait to get my hands all over you on Saturday, and I bet James will say the same thing!"

"Don't get too excited" I said, "We haven't made up our minds yet. We've got two other outfits each to try on first before we decide."

"Well. Those two get my dicks seal of approval so far" he said, rubbing his obvious erection in front of us both.

"Hey. James says Hi. He's on MSN and wants to know if you'll show him on webcam how you look?"

"Tell him no. Tell him he has to wait till Saturday, the cheeky bugger" said Carol.

I wiggled my way over to the screen where I could see James sitting at his pc in a chat window

"HI James" I said, "Sorry, but you'll have to wait till the party."

With that I slowly walked away from the computer, knowing that Steve would have had the webcam set to catch my ass as I walked away, giving James a good teasing shot of my bum crack through the see through mesh material of my tube dress.

The rest of the night was spent trying on the sexy outfits, and we made our choice based on what I call the "Cockometer". Steve's dick indicated to us that the first outfit was the best and so we decided to wear the black mesh mini with the long sleeves ad the pink mesh mini tube dress.

All was in readiness.

Friday went relatively fast as I had three appointments with clients. Saturday came and I left the kids with Steve, picked up Carol, and headed off for a day of pampering in preparation for the erotic night ahead.

We had the nails done, the hair done, went shopping for a while, then headed to Chan's for a massage before heading home to get dressed. James was calling a cab and collecting us all from our place at eight. Carol and I were dressed and ready as the cab pulled up in front of our place and James knocked on the door.

Steve and he had obviously talked, because when Steve came out of his computer room, and opened the door for James, both men were wearing togas!

We jumped into the cab and headed off for the party, looking forward to seeing Kelly and Tony again, and totally excited by the thought of attending the swingers party and the adventures the night might hold for us all.

In the back of the cab, Carol sat on one side, James sat in the middle I was on the other side. Steve sat in the front and gave instructions, as James started being naughty with Carol and I, earning him a few slaps on the hands as he tried to get under our short hemlines. In fact, he was SO persistent I grabbed his crotch and gave it an almighty squeeze as I told him to stop.

When we arrived at the house, a few other cabs were there, and there were also some cars parked along the driveway leading to Kelly's home, which was situated at the end of the long winding driveway.

As we got out of the cab and walked to the front door, we were met by a lingerie-clad woman who explained the evening to us, before showing us through to the bar area. In Kelly's living room, a large temporary bar had bee set up complete with two bar staff, one male and one female, both wearing sexy attire.

We all took in our surroundings as Steve got us all a drink. Carol tapped me on the arm and pointed towards a black couple that were wearing leather bondage costumes. She was a very tall woman, amazon like in her dimensions, whilst he was toned like a racehorse, with amazing abs and lovely muscled legs.

Steve arrived and gave Carol and I a champagne, and passed a beer to James as we all tapped our glasses and toasted the beginning of our evening of swinging fun.

We spent a while just sipping our drinks and watching the other guests arrive. I guess there would have been thirty or forty others there, some in couples, and a few singles. I noticed with interest a gay couple smooching in the corner, and was slightly aroused as I watched the two men kiss as one of the men squeezed the ass cheeks of his partner.

Steve and James decided to go look around, and Carol and I chose to stay a bit longer and finish our drinks. Just as we'd farewelled the boys, a young man came up behind Carol and tapped her on the shoulder.

"Hi there Mind if I join you for a drink?"

I looked him up and down. I liked what I saw.

He was wearing a leather thong, and had a nice, hairless body. His hair was shoulder length, brown and wavy, and his eyes were dark and mesmerising. I decided there and then that I would fuck this young Adonis.

Thirty minutes later, the three of us were in a room filled with bean bags, and he was laying back as Carol and I sucked alternately on his penis, and slurped on his balls. In a corner, a man slowly stroked his own penis as he watched Carol and I service the young man together. I looked across at him, before completely taking the young man's dick in my mouth and attempting to stuff the whole length of it into my mouth and throat.

As I stopped sucking, Carol moved up and positioned her pussy over his penis. I know what she wanted, and I wanted to watch it first, before taking my turn. As she slowly lowered herself down and fucked him, I leaned forward and sucked on her nipples. My own fingers reached down and I felt my own pussy moisten, my clit thicken, and I fingered myself as I watched my good friend fuck this man we had just met. She began to bounce up and down on his dick, and his hands rose to her boobs and played with them as I continued to suck the nipples. It was very sexy. For a short moment I sat and watched, just playing with my clit, watching them fuck. I enjoy watching people fuck, and to be so closely involved with Carol as she fucked the young ma made me feel totally horny.

As I fingered my own clit, I felt a hand on my ass, and turned to find that the man in the corner was no longer stroking his own cock. He was now touching me, and I liked the feeling. I pushed my bottom back as he rubbed my cheek, and I kept fingering myself, until I felt his fingers replace mine on my clit. I leant my head back and he bit my neck deeply, making me moan and throw my head back. Then, as I watched Carol reach down and play with the balls of the man fucking her next to us, he pushed fingers inside me and began finger fucking my pussy nicely. There was no fumbling, just the confident assurance of a skilled lover.

As I watched my friend Carol have her boobs played with while she was being fucked, I enjoyed being fingered and reached down to fondle the penis of the man playing with my pussy. I was shocked. He had been stroking his own penis inside his trousers when I watched him earlier. Now that he had come over and fingered my pussy as I played with my lovers as they fucked, I discovered he had a very small penis indeed! Poor baby. His dick was totally stiff in my hand as he fingered me and yet it must have been no more than three inches long!

Carol began to cum, which snapped me back to attention. Her head thrashed as I watched her own fingers playing with her clit as the young man fucked her. Her bosoms heaved and then shook sexily as she quivered on the dick inside her. Her tongue snaked its way around her lips as she climaxed and then collapsed in a warm heap, allowing Mr hard dick inside her to pop free. Seizing the opportunity, I moved forward, facing the young guy with the still hard and now very wet dick, and pushed my own pussy down onto him, engulfing him with my wet cunt. 

Mr little dick came with me and sucked on my nipples. He was close enough to allow me to see his cock at eye height as I fucked the dick below me, and I took the little penis into my mouth, sucking hard as I fucked.

I continued this motion for a few minutes, enjoying my first fuck in the swingers house, little more than an hour after arriving! Not only was I fucking a man ten years my junior after watching him fuck my friend and make her cum, but I was also sucking the cock of another man as the three of us enjoyed the sex we were sharing in the sexy house.

I felt the little dick man bite down on my nipples, and just as I thought I would cum, the man fucking me grabbed my hips and pulled me off his cock. I watched in awe as he pulled himself, making his cock spurt cum into the air for a few bursts, until he moaned and shook. I watched as I kept sucking the cock in my mouth, until he too pulled from my mouth and jacked off all over my boobs. God it was sexy!

The young guy lay on the floor covered in his own spunk, having just fucked both Carol and I. Carol was laying there watching us, her fingers still pushed inside her sopping cunt as she enjoyed the show. Mr little dick was enjoying cumming on my boobs as I cupped them and caught every drop of his spunk on my tits, smearing the white gooey liquid all over myself. Carol, not to be left out, jumped up and started to suck my boobs clean, licking up and then swallowing all the cum that had collected on my tits after he had cum.

We both needed to get cleaned up, and so we headed off to find a bathroom. Ten minutes later we were refreshed, had redone our lipstick, and were seated at the bar sipping on a nice pina colada cocktail, sharing details of what we had just done.

"Dee, you slut, you were being double teamed right there in front of me!" said Carol.

"OOOh? And just what were you doing fucking a stranger less than an hour after we arrived? So much for 'Mrs Shy'" I stirred back.

We giggled together, then she leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. I responded by reaching forward with my hand, taking her chin in my fingers, and pushing my tongue into her mouth our tongues tangling and flickering in a totally erotic wet kiss.

"So there you are, babe. Been looking everywhere for ya!" came a voice behind me. 

I turned to see Steve and James standing there, still both fully dressed.

I reached down and gave my husband a long squeeze of his cock, before removing my hand and reaching in to James pants and doing the same, the stirring monster in there reminding me of my personal goal to fuck James before I left the swingers party that night.

Carol excused herself to go to the ladies room, and Steve asked me what I felt like doing.

"Well, I was wondering what was upstairs" I said, having not ventured that far yet, despite being involved I my first foursome already!

"Ok, then upstairs it is!" said Steve. "Coming mate?"

"Yep Was wondering what might be up there myself" James replied, and the three of us took of for the stairs, each of the men putting an arm around my waist, before James dropped a naughty hand to my ass and squeezed the cheeks he has wanted to fuck for so long.

At the top of the stairs we found a long hallway. On each side were doors leading to rooms, and at the end of the hallway, the large playroom had been converted into a group room filled with all kinds of sexy equipment. The one that caught my eye most was the large wooden box with holes on all sides, as there was a woman inside, and men were reaching through touching the woman, playing with her in whatever way they wanted. I could see her face through a large hole near the top, and she was obviously totally turned on and enjoying being fondled by strangers all over her body. Her eyes were closed and she was gripping the sides of the box allowing the invading hands to touch, fondle and probe as they so desired.
