 This is a story I wrote several years ago but just decided to publish. It's my first attempt at erotic fiction so any suggestions/recommendations would be appreciated. Thank you. 

***** 

Chapter 1 - Friday night caught in the act 

Ann and Fred White live in a small bedroom community outside a large Midwestern city. They are both in their early thirties and in good shape physically working out at least three times a week. Ann is a real stunner at 5'9" with gorgeous 36D breasts, trim figure, flowing blond hair. Fred is just over six feet, blond hair and a moderately sized cock, not overly large but very thick. He's managed to maintain his weight and through years of strenuous workouts kept himself in good physical shape. They have a comfortable life with a nice house, good jobs, and an active sex life. 

But all that changed after their son was born. Like so many other couples, pressures of work and raising a child resulted in their sex life stagnating. They started talking about it and then experimenting with ways to spice things up in the bedroom. Ann had been a bit of a wild child in college and Fred knew she was attracted to both women and men. Her college experience included a several hook-ups with women as well as a few threesomes with both men and women. They experimentation started with sharing their bed with other women and eventually other couples involving full on swapping partners and mini orgies. They both liked the experiences and the effect on their marriage and sexual appetites was amazing. They started fucking like bunnies and were up for just about anything in the bedroom. 

After a particularly stressful week at work for both Ann and Fred, they decided on dinner and a movie to de-stress and relax. They arranged for Amy, their long time babysitter, to watch their four year old son for the evening. Amy has been their regular babysitter ever since their son was born so they've gotten to know her pretty well. They have watched her grow from a gangly 14 year old to a fully developed 18 year old young women. She is quite the looker with medium length blond hair, a gorgeous figure, full firm breasts and a beautiful smile that just won't quit. She was an outgoing and friendly person, never afraid to say what's on her mind. But they knew from Amy that her parents were pretty conservative and apparently had no clue on how to deal with a teenage girl and the problems and issues that arise when growing up. 

When they got home around 11:30 pm, they entered through the garage which opens into the family room at the back of the house. Amy was asleep on the couch which was not unusual given the time. But what was different was that she had apparently discovered their private video collection and one of their favorite porno DVDs was playing. Amy had a hand shoved down her cutoffs with the other under her t-shirt. Both Ann and Fred were stunned momentarily but Fred remarked that Amy looked pretty hot like that and said, "You better wake her up, she'll be too embarrassed if I do it." 

Ann dropped her hand to Fred's crotch, felt his growing hard-on and said, "Yeah I'd better before you get yourself in trouble." Smiling, he reluctantly left the room. 

Under Ann's gentle nudging Amy woke up confused at first then realized her situation; her eyes got real big, her face turned a bright red, and she tried to straighten out her clothes while saying, "Oh god, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." Ann tried to console her and tell her that it was OK and nothing to be ashamed of. This calmed Amy a bit who was still very apologetic and embarrassed saying, "I'm sorry, so sorry, I should have never looked at those DVDs." 

"Nonsense, don't worry about it. Fred and I like to watch them because it gets us really hot...and I can see it did to you as well." 

Amy blushed again and said, "Yeah it did, but oh god, if my parents found out about this, I'll be grounded for a year." 

"Don't worry about it, Fred and I won't say anything. We know your parents are pretty conservative when it comes to sex." 

"Conservative, hell they act like it doesn't exist and refuse to talk about it. Most of what I know, I've learned from girlfriends at school." 

"Well if you ever have any questions or want to talk, Fred and I will be glad to help out. But right now, I think we'd better get you home, it's a pretty long drive." 

Ann went and got Fred to drive her home and told him about their conversation. Ann suggested he prod Amy into talking about sex on the way home, that it might loosen her up a bit. Fred smiled and said, "No problem!" Of course, other more lecherous thoughts were racing through his mind which Ann's smile let him know she knew exactly what he was thinking. 

When Amy and Fred got in the car for the drive home, she was understandably quiet due to the embarrassing situation when they arrived home. 

Fred broke the ice saying, "Amy, don't worry about what happened earlier. I won't tell your parents or anyone else. Besides, what you were doing was perfectly natural and nothing to be ashamed of." 

Amy relaxed a bit and said, "Thank you Fred, my folks would probably lock me up and throw away the key if they knew." 

"So did you like watching the video?" 

"Yeah, it was pretty interesting and got me pretty excited." She squirmed on the seat and rubbed her legs together glancing over at Fred. 

"What parts did you like the best...do you have any questions about what you saw?" 

"Questions, god yes, tons of them...like when the women started sucking on the guy's...uh..." 

"Cock" Fred interjected. 

"Yeah, is that what you call a 'blow...job'?" 

"Yes that's what we call a blowjob and guys love it." 

"I figured that from watching the video, and it got me pretty hot as well." 

"Well it's normal and talking about it with you is getting me pretty hot as well," which it was as his cock started growing. 

Amy glanced over at him and down at him crotch and asked, "Fred, I hope you don't think this is a little strange but I've never seen a ...'cock' really close up and in real life, do you think I could. . . see yours?" 

Fred felt his cock nearly jump out of his pants and was able to respond, "Sure but let me pull off the road over there. I don't want to have an unfortunate accident." (and be caught with my cock sticking out of my pants, the car wrapped around a telephone pole, and an 18 year old girl in the car) 

Amy giggled and started acting more like the teenager Ann and Fred watched grow up over the years; an outgoing, talkative, intelligent and very sexy young women. 

They were passing by a large parking lot for a local mall so Fred pulled in and parked in a secluded part of the lot. He turned off the engine, killed the lights and scooted around to face Amy. His cock was rock hard at this point creating a visible tent in his pants. He said, "Guys like it when the girl unbuckles their pants for them." 

No longer the shy and quite Amy from the start of the drive, she leaned over and unbuckled his belt followed by the top button on his slacks and the zipper. When she pulled down the zipper, Fred's engorged cock literally sprang out of his pants surprising Amy. "Oh my god, it's so big, I never knew they were so big in real life!" 

"Now grab it gently with your hand and slowly move your hand up and down." She leaned over tentatively grabbed his cock and started caressing it with her fingers and instinctively started pumping it rapidly. 

"Whoa, whoa, slow down a bit. Just take it nice and slow." 

Amy slowed down her stokes, "It feels so hard! Wow, it feels really neat!" She leaned over to take a close look and held her face just inches away from the tip. "What's this liquid coming out when I stroke it?" 

"That's lubrication that helps during intercourse. Some people call it 'pre-cum' and it's supposed to taste really good." Without any further prompting, Amy leaned forward a little more and licked up a drop of pre-cum off the tip of his cock. 

"Oh...you're right, it does taste kind of good, a bit salty but not bad." She continued licking and eventually took the tip of his cock into her mouth all the while stroking him with her hand. "Is this OK? This is what I saw them doing on the video." 

"Of course it's OK, it's wonderful baby, but you know if you keep doing that, I'm going to cum in your mouth." 

She pulled back for a second and said, "Really, I make you that hot...that you could cum?" 

"God Amy, you're hot enough to make anyone cum just looking at you." 

This seemed to please her as she renewed her efforts on Fred's cock, sucking it deeper and deeper into her mouth. He responded by thrusting his hips up and driving his cock deeper into her. When he hit the back of her throat, she gagged and backed off a bit but continued her efforts. He felt an orgasm building as the first spasms started to erupt from his groin. He warned Amy that he was about to cum but she didn't stop and continued her blowjob until Fred erupted in her mouth with spurts of jism down her throat. 

"Swallow as much as you can," he instructed and she did a pretty good job on the first couple of spurts but some slipped out and dribbled down her chin. 

When his orgasm subsided, Amy sat up and gathered the rest of his cum off her face with her fingers and then sucked them dry. "God, that stuff tastes pretty good. Did I do OK, was that a good...blow...job? I tried to do it like I saw in that video." 

"That was fantastic." As she sat there next to me, Fred saw her rubbing herself and asked, "Did that make you hot?" 

Amy replied, "Oh god yes, it was fantastic! I'm really wet down there." 

"Well why don't you let me return the favor?" as he slid his hand up her luscious thigh to her crotch. 

Amy jumped as his hand caressed her pussy through her cutoffs but said, "O...K...I guess that would be all right," 

He continued to rub her pussy through her cutoffs with one hand while the other started to unbutton them. He told her to lift up and slid off her cutoffs and panties together revealing a beautiful neatly trimmed pussy glistening with pussy juices. The car immediately filled with her sex scent, which started driving Fred wild. He told her to relax as he gently spread her legs and lowered his head to her lovely pussy. 

When his tongue first touched her pussy, Amy let out a moan and let her legs fall further open. He continued lapping up her luscious juices until his tongue found her clit and began flicking it. Amy was going wild at this point, nearly shouting out groans and squeals of delight as he continued to flick his tongue over her clit and suck up her cunt juices. She tasted wonderful and he could have gone on eating her for hours but Amy soon erupted in a tremendous orgasm and started jerking around in spasms of pleasure as she thrust her cunt into his face. 

When she calmed down, Fred sat up and gave her a big kiss, thrusting his tongue into her cute little mouth. Amy returned the kiss and stuck her tongue in his mouth prompting a deep, sex craved kiss with Fred feeding Amy some of her own juices plastered over his face. When they separated, Amy licked her lips and said, "Is that what I taste like...I kind of like it." 

"So do I." 

They got dressed and talked for another few minutes mainly about how uptight her parents were about sex in general. Amy said all she knows about sex came from friends at school and watching porn, obviously not the most reliable of sources she admitted. Her dating experience was rather limited and she explained that she had only gotten to third base (kissing and fondling under the clothes) with one boy. She explained she had never experienced anything like what Fred just did to her and wanted to learn and experience a lot more. Seeing his opening, Fred asked, "Well why don't you stop over tomorrow around noon and let Ann and I show you what sex can really be like?" 

"Really, but won't Ann be mad at me for what we just did?" 

"Oh god no Amy, Ann and I have a very open marriage when it comes to sex. We both like to play around and have other partners and Ann likes women as well as men, she could probably teach you a few things as well." 

"Really, you mean Ann likes to sleep with other women?" 

Fred could see this excited Amy and responded, "Sure, Ann always says no one knows how to please a woman better than another woman." 

At that moment, they pulled into Amy's driveway. Fred gave her another deep kiss and said, "So can we expect you at noon tomorrow?" 

"Yes. I can't wait!" 

When Fred returned home, Ann was already in bed but not asleep. As he entered the bedroom, Ann said, "Come over here and let me taste Amy's cunt juices." 

"How did you know?" 

"I could smell that lovely cunt the minute you walked in the room...how was it?" 

"God she was amazing, I think we might have opened up the floodgates with her. She might turn out to be a sex monster just waiting to come out of her shell." Fred slipped out of his clothes and slid into bed next to Ann. Ann was completely naked, which is the way she usually sleeps, but he caught the strong odor of her pussy juices as he snuggled up to her. 

"She's got a thousand questions and is not afraid to ask or to try something new. The drive started off with a blowjob and ended with me sucking her pussy...She's ready to try lots or new things." 

"I can't wait to get into that hot little pussy myself." 

"You won't have to wait long, I asked her to stop by tomorrow around noon." 

Ann squealed in delight, "Oh god I can hardly wait, I knew I married you for a reason!" She slid down Fred's body, giving it soft kisses and licks until she reached his growing hard-on. Fred got his second blowjob of the evening and returned the favor eating his second pussy of the evening and loved every drop of it." 

Chapter 2 - Saturday  

The next day, Amy showed up at Fred and Ann's door precisely at noon. They had farmed out their son to Ann's mother for the day so Ann and Fred were in their swimsuits and greeted her at the door. Amy was wearing the same cutoffs as last night but had changed into a skimpy halter-top that showed her excited nipples poking through the thin fabric. They both greeted her with Ann giving Amy a big hug. Ann said, "I understand you and Fred had an interesting ride home last night." 

Amy face turned bright red and stammered out, "Oh Ann, I hope you're not mad at me, it's just that watching those videos made me so hot." 

Ann gave her another hug and said, "Don't worry about it, I glad you were able to experiment, it's natural to be curious and ask questions. Why don't you join Fred and me for a swim and we can talk some more?" 

"Oh, I didn't bring a suit." 

"Don't worry, I've got lots of extra suits and I'm sure we can find one that will fit you, come with me," as she grabbed Amy's hand and led her off to the bedroom. Fred was left standing there feeling a bit ignored so he figured he would give them some time alone and headed for the pool to relax. 

As Ann led Amy into the bedroom, she said, "Take off your clothes and check out the suits in the top dresser drawer. Ann sat down on the edge of the bed to watch. Amy was a bit hesitant at first but untied her halter and let it fall to the floor exposing her huge 18-year-old breasts. Her nipples revealed her emotions and were hardened and extended like pencil erasers. When Amy shed her cutoffs revealing that she wasn't wearing any panties, Ann sucked in a breath especially after noticing her smooth shaved pussy. Amy started checking out the suits in the dresser causing Ann to get up saying, "Here let me see if I can help 

you find one." Amy stammered a response suspecting that Ann had other intentions but wasn't sure how she felt about it. Her pussy seemed to make up her mind for her as she felt her cunt juices dripping down her thigh. 

"Here, try this one on," as she held up a skimpy bikini top. It was little more than two triangles of cloth connected by shoestring thin straps. Amy took it and attempted to get it over her mammoth breasts but wasn't having much luck. 

"Let me help," Ann said as she maneuvered around behind Amy to try and fit her breasts into the skimpy top. Ann cupped Amy breasts in her hands and said, "God you've got lovely breasts Amy." While saying this, Ann used her thumb and forefinger to pinch her nipples lightly causing Amy to let out a moan. Ann pressed her body into Amy's backside, lowered her head and began kissing her neck while continuing to massage her breasts and nipples. She allowed one hand to drift downward towards Amy's bald pussy. When she first touched its swollen lips and felt the wetness waiting to come out, she said "Well someone appears to be a little excited." 

Amy giggled a bit and said, "I think I've been excited ever since last night when Fred asked me to stop by today." She allowed herself to relax against Ann who pulled her tighter against her own nearly naked body. 

"I've been pretty excited myself and my expectations haven't disappointed me. You have a lovely body Amy!" 

"Do you really think so?" 

"Oh god yes ...come here, I'll show you just how hot you make me." Ann spun Amy around and immediately engulfed a nipple in her mouth. Her nipples were extremely sensitive in her aroused state. She moaned out load as Ann continued sucking her protruding nipples. Ann let one hand drop down and cup Amy's pussy which continued dripping juices down her legs. 

Ann led Amy over to the bed and sat her down, then dropped to her knees in front of her. "I want to taste that luscious pussy of yours honey, it smells so sweet and I'm so hot for you, I've just got to taste you." 

Ann moved her head between Amy's legs and extended her tongue towards her bald cunt just touching the outer lips. Amy's body jerked as she let out a long low moan saying, "Oh god that feels good...oh god." Ann lightly licked the outer lips sucking up her delicious juices as she went. She drove her tongue deep into Amy's cunt causing more moans from Amy. She continued slurping up Amy's juices with loud sucking sounds and then focused on her protruding clit. She gently kissed and sucked it driving Amy up the wall. Amy grabbed Ann's head and pulled it hard against her cunt as Ann continued to lick her. Amy's orgasm hit her like a freight train causing her whole body to shake as waves of pleasure washed over her body. 

All Amy could say was, "Oh god...Oh god...Oh god," until she finally fell back on the bed completely spent. When she caught her breath she said, "My god Ann that was the best orgasm I've ever had, that was fantastic!" 

Ann lifted her head up after soaking up the rest of Amy's juices and said, "You have one of the most luscious cunts I've ever tasted and believe me, I've tasted a few! You're not going anywhere today until I've had more of it...a lot more!" 

"Really Ann? God you made me so hot, I've never cum like that before, it was wonderful. Do you think maybe I could try licking you? Ever since Fred said you liked girls too, I've been thinking I might want to try it." 

"OK but not right now, Fred is waiting for us at the pool and I'm sure he's wondering what the hell is taking us so long, although he probably has a pretty good idea" Ann pulled Amy to her feet, found a better fitting suit and helped her put it on. They walked downstairs hand in hand and out to the pool together where Fred was patiently waiting. 

"Took you guys long enough...get sidetracked or something?" 

Amy started to blush a bit until Ann said, "None of your business, us girls just had some primping to do." 

Amy giggled a bit as Fred responded, "Primping my ass!" 

"Let's jump in the pool, it's getting hot and I need to cool off," Ann said as she dove into the deep end and glided underwater to the opposite side. Amy quickly followed suit, as did Fred. They all played around in the pool, splashing each other with a little grab ass thrown in. It was obvious that Fred was getting excited as the front of his swimming suit began to bulge with his growing cock. 
