 'Business Development from the Bottom Up'

It was rather unusual for Dean to be visited in his office by the company's Executive Director. Dean had only met Steven Hawksburn a handful of times, the latest occasion being when he was treated to a celebratory evening out with some of the higher-ups at the company as thanks for securing a large, lucrative contract with a long-pursued high profile client. Ultimately, Dean thought absently, they really should have been thanking me for bringing my naughty slut neighbour Andrea to the party. Dean felt a smile tug at his lips, but upon seeing Mr. Hawksburn's stern expression, he remained as impassive as he could. His initial belief that Steven had come down to thank him for last week's gangbang quickly vanished as Steven looked him in the eyes and spoke. 

"We have a problem."

Straightening up in his chair and folding his hands on the top of his desk, Dean frowned and leaned forward as Steven sat in the chair in front of his desk. This must be serious, he thought; there was not even an acknowledgement that Dean, himself, and three of their colleagues repeatedly fucked a young, sexy blonde waitress who was willing to do almost any filthy thing they requested.

"What is it, sir?" asked Dean.

"It's the Callahan deal," Steven said, then cleared his throat. "Seems they're reconsidering the terms of the contract."

"What? But Nat and I have corresponded with their office many times. There was never any mention of edits to the contract."

"There are now," grumbled Steven.

You'd think he'd be in a better mood, despite this setback, thought Dean. He got to enjoy a talented, willing slut less than half his age pleasure him, and now he dumps this on me.

"The edited contract that was returned to us is hardly worth the paper it's written on," continued Steven, running his hand over his balding head.

"I'm sorry, sir... I thought we'd reached an agreement with them," said Dean, not sure what Steven expected him to do about it. After all, it was the executives that had to sign off on any contracts.

There was a pause as both men looked at each other. Finally, Steven sighed and spoke again.

"Callahan and his board have requested a meeting."

Another pause. Dean raised his eyebrows, waiting for Steven to continue.

"He has requested that you-only you-attend," Steven finished reluctantly, obviously offended by the request.

"Me? Look, Mr. Hawksburn, I understand that I secured the initial contract, but this is usually up to you and the board to negotiate-"

"-this request is non-negotiable," Steven said firmly, interrupting Dean.

He quickly stood and buttoned his suit jacket.

"The meeting's tomorrow, 3pm, their offices," he said, then took a step toward Dean's desk, resting a chubby hand on the table top.

"Dean. Whatever you did last time... do it again."

Dean could practically see the importance of this upcoming meeting weighing on Mr. Hawksburn's shoulders. He offered Steven a conciliatory smile.

"I'll take care of it, sir," Dean said confidently.

And if he could involve his young, sexy neighbour, he had every reason to be confident.

**********************************************

"So, why does he want to meet with you again?" asked Andrea as Dean gestured to her to enter the elevator ahead of him.

They had just made their way through the massive lobby of the office building in which Mr. Callahan's company resided. Dean stepped into the elevator behind Andrea and pushed the button for the twenty-fourth floor.

"He claims he wasn't happy with the terms of the contract. Sometimes clients do this to try to get you to cave in to certain unfavourable changes to the agreement. It's probably an empty threat," replied Dean, turning to face his attractive neighbour.

"I see. So if it's just an empty threat, then why are you bringing me along?" she asked, giving him a cheeky grin.

Dean chuckled, understanding the question to be rhetorical. The previous night, as he gazed across his back yard into Andrea's bedroom window, watching her emerge from her bathroom wrapped in a towel, he had sent her a text. It read: 'You're going to join me for a client meeting tomorrow. I'll pick you up from your house at 2pm. Be ready.' He watched her turn her head toward her desk, walking over to pick up her phone. She read the message, then turned her head to look out the window.

Dean's light was off, but he knew that she would know he was watching. She walked up to her bedroom window, then looked back down at her phone. A moment later, Dean received a text. 'What should I wear? ;)' Then she slowly unwrapped her towel, dropping it at her feet, exposing her lean, fit, naked body to the neighbourhood, as she had done so many times before.

Smiling to himself, Dean admired her body, then began composing another text.

Looking her up and down in the elevator, Dean was pleased that she had followed his instructions to the letter. Black high heels and stockings, a tight, short pencil skirt, with a snug matching suit jacket. Underneath, Dean could see the thin fabric of her sheer white top, buttoned low. To complete the look, she wore red lipstick, black-rimmed glasses, and had her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, with a few locks framing her pretty oval face. She batted her long eyelashes at him, her dark mascara accentuating them.

"How do I look?" she asked, giggling.

"Give me a turn, honey," Dean said, making a circular motion with his index finger.

She turned around, sticking out her perfect ass, then turned back to face him, unbuttoning her jacket and holding it open for him to see underneath. Her scarlet red, lacy push-up bra showed clearly through her sheer top, her pouting breasts on display between the buttons of her shirt.

"Perfect," Dean hummed approvingly.

Andrea buttoned her jacket again, picking up her handbag and facing the doors as they stopped at a floor. A couple men got on, engaged in conversation, which ended abruptly as they laid eyes on the corporate vision in front of them. They stared openly at Andrea as the door slid shut again.

"Floor?" she asked innocently, her finger poised over the round elevator buttons buttons.

"Um... right, yes. Uh, thirty-six please," stammered the younger of the two men, gesturing awkwardly at the buttons.

Andrea bent over-unnecessarily-inspecting the buttons closely as she let the men soak in the view of her firm, toned ass. They both stared at her bottom as she pushed the button, looking back at them and wiggling it subtly, then winking. Dean smirked and shook his head as the elevator ascended.

They reached the twenty-fourth floor, Andrea turning back to the two men and waving, saying, "Bye boys." The men stared hungrily at her as the doors closed in front of them. She seemed to be enjoying her power. Dean and Andrea approached the reception desk as other people traversed the lobby. An attractive young woman with a black bob greeted them.

"We're here to see Mr. Callahan," Dean said.

"Of course. You're Dean, right? They're expecting you. Just head down the hall and into the first door on the right," she replied, smiling brightly at him.

"Thank you."

Making their way down the hall, Andrea looked at Dean quizzically. 

"'They?'" she said.

Before he could answer, they reached the closed boardroom door. Andrea was still looking imploringly at Dean, but he ignored her, his expression neutral. He knocked once, then opened the door.

He stepped into the large boardroom, gorgeous panoramic city views along the north-facing side of the room.

"Gentlemen," he said.

On their way over, Dean had explained to Andrea that Mr. Callahan had requested another meeting. What Dean had failed to tell Andrea was that this meeting wasn't with Mr. Callahan exclusively. It was with the entire board of the company.

There were two seats at the large, long table reserved for Dean and Andrea. Dean approached Mr. Callahan and shook his hand, then sat down across from the board members. Andrea seemed frozen for a moment at the door as she looked around at the six men seated at the table.

"Oh, forgive me. This is my PA Andrea," Dean said. "Andrea, I'm sure you remember Mr. Callahan."

Dean's words seemed to break her paralysis. 

"Yes, how could I forget," she said, swaying her hips as she approached him. "Nice to see you again, Mr. Callahan," she continued, shaking his hand politely and giving him a winning smile.

He murmured something and looked away quickly, then Andrea and Dean took their seats across the table from the board members. The table was clear glass, which Dean was pleased about: it meant that all the board members would have a clear view of Andrea's gorgeous legs.

Brief introductions were made. John Callahan, managing director, Kevin, COO, Scott, CEO, Tim, CFO, Greg, board member, and Carl, board member. All men were at least middle aged, or older, Carl being the eldest. His white hair and wrinkled skin put him at at least his mid-sixties. Kevin appeared to be the youngest, maybe just into his 40's. He was Asian, slim, with dark hair and wire-rimmed glasses. Scott was a burly man of around 50, with salt-and-pepper hair, though he looked younger since he evidently kept himself in good shape. Tim was a tall, lean black man, probably closest in age to Kevin, and the most attractive of the group. Finally, Greg was stocky and a little overweight, with grey hair, and was probably in his mid-50's.

Dean watched Andrea's reactions as she was introduced to the men. She handled herself well, despite the fact that Dean had surprised her with a group rather than an individual. He had no doubt that her mind was racing, wondering how she would be able to handle seven men at once. In fact, Dean was wondering the same thing. 

He was curious to see how the meeting might play out. Not just in terms of Andrea's actions, but in terms of the contract negotiations. Despite having Andrea as his secret weapon, he was still expected to come out with a good result for the company. This was not going to be a cake walk.

Discussions about the contract began, with the board members voicing their opinions, and Dean countering with what he hoped would be persuasive arguments. Andrea observed the interactions, taking notes as appropriate, no doubt wondering what Dean had in mind for her. After fifteen minutes, right when the discussions started to become more intense, Dean played his first card.

"Andrea, could you please go to the table and pour us some water, hun?" he said after a pause in the discussions.

"Yes, sir," she said quickly, standing up and walking to the side of the room, swaying her hips again.

Dean saw six pairs of eyes follow her bottom as it wiggled for them.

"Mr. Callahan, the fact remains that we had agreed on the contract weeks ago. I'm still trying to understand what might have occurred to make you change your mind," Dean said.

"Through discussions with the board, we have identified a number of items that we think should be amended. Frankly, for John to agree without consulting the board was an oversight," said Scott.

"I understand. But I believe the presentation John was given provided insight into our client relationship processes that highlight additional benefits of working with us over and above the strict contract terms," Dean replied, glancing at John.

Mr. Callahan shifted uncomfortably. Of course he hadn't told the board about getting a blowjob from Dean's sexy assistant. If this information came out, he would likely find himself in hot water with his colleagues.

"It's true, Scott. Dean and Andrea's presentation gave me confidence that they would be able to deliver on their promises," John said, glancing at Andrea as she carried the tray of glasses around the table.

She handed a glass to each board member, bending at the waist to give them a glorious view down her top at her breasts, at which each man started unabashedly. While they were distracted, Dean quickly scrawled a note and placed it on Andrea's notepad. She returned the tray and walked back to her chair, looking down at the notepad.

'Take off your jacket', it read.

Andrea's eyes widened at the note, and she looked at Dean. He returned her gaze and gave her a barely-perceptible nod.

"You still need board approval, John," barked Greg. "This isn't a one-man show."

"Greg's right. I mean, what was it exactly that gave you such confidence that..." 

Tim trailed off as his eyes drifted from John to Andrea. She had unbuttoned her suit jacket and was slowly sliding it from her shoulders. Her breasts pushed outward as the jacked slipped down her arms. Her top was so revealing, particularly with the light of the windows behind her, that her whole silhouette was clearly visible. Her red bra showed clearly through her top, and she placed the jacket on the back of her chair, sitting down as every man in the room stared at her.

"... that they... can deliver on... on their agreement," Tim finished awkwardly.

The discussion continued, though most of the men were now thoroughly distracted by Andrea as she played with the tip of her pen against her lips, touched her chest with her fingertips, and even unfastened another button on her shirt so her cleavage showed even more obviously.

Dean sat back as the discussion now seemed to be between John and the rest of the board. John felt inclined to defend his position, while the board demanded an explanation. Finally, under pressure, John cracked.

"Look, gentlemen," he said, pulling at the collar of his shirt. "Andrea was uniquely able to highlight some of the, shall-we-say, non-contractual benefits of engaging with their company."

A suspenseful silence permeated the room.

"What the hell are you on about, John?" asked Carl, removing his bifocals and rubbing his temples, clearly frustrated.

Mr. Callahan looked pleadingly at Dean, then Andrea.

"I... I think perhaps she could demonstrate these benefits much better than I could explain them," he offered.

Andrea looked at John, then at Dean. Her eyes were wide and her cheeks flushed. Dean knew she was nervous, but he was willing to bet her panties were already soaked.

"John's right. Andrea, perhaps you'd like to show the board some of our company's assets," Dean suggested, leaning back in his chair and grinning at Andrea.

He watched her chest rise and fall rapidly. She fidgeted with her pen as she looked around the room at the men, all waiting for her response.

"Y-yes, sir," she finally agreed.

Slowly, Andrea stood, pushing her chair back and out of the way. All the men waited in silence for her to proceed, all but John and Dean unsure of what to expect. She looked around the room again, then turned around and took a step toward the boardroom floor-to-ceiling window.

The silence felt tense, fragile. Andrea ran her hands down her waist and over her hips, down her thighs to the hem of her tight skirt. Hooking her fingertips under the hem, Andrea looked over her shoulder at the men and, with a cheeky smirk, began to slide her skirt up her thighs.

A sudden excited murmur arose from the board members, and Dean heard gasps and surprised drawing of breath. The lacy tops of Andrea's thigh high stockings were revealed, then the soft curves of the bottom of her ass cheeks. She paused there.

"What is the meaning of-" began Greg, who looked a little uncomfortable.

"-shut up Connell," snapped Scott. "Please, continue the presentation, my dear."

"Yes, sir," replied Andrea, giggling.

Once again, her fingers pulled up on her skirt, and her glorious ass was exposed to the men, a thin strip of red fabric running between her buttocks, and a wide, lacy band of material circling low on her hips. No matter how many times he had seen it, Andrea's firm bottom always amazed Dean, and his cock began to swell in his suit pants. He had truly never seen a more perfect ass.

Once her skirt reached her waist, Andrea stuck her sexy ass out and wiggled it, teasing the men with her toned cheeks, smooth, lean thighs, and the hint of her mound concealed by the material of her thong. Once again, a tense silence filled the room. The board members' eyes were practically burning holes in Andrea's pert posterior.

"I'm beginning to understand how you were influenced, John," said Kevin, feasting his eyes upon Andrea's bottom.

"Damn right," echoed Tim.

"Just wait a minute. You expect us to simply agree to these terms just because this..." Greg glanced at Dean, then continued. "...young woman flashes her panties at us? I can go to any strip joint in this city and see the same and a lot more."

Scott rubbed his chin, considering Greg's words. He leaned forward on the desk and looked at Dean, becoming businesslike.

"That's true. John may have jumped the gun a bit. The changes we've proposed aren't unreasonable, Dean. There's no need for this to be more difficult than it has to be. Have Steven sign off on the changes and we can get to work." After finishing his sentence, he looked at Andrea's ass again, as if for the last time, soaking it in, then looked back to Dean.

Dean returned Scott's stare, then nodded and half-shrugged.

"I suppose that's a possibility," he said, quickly scanning the other men's faces.

Dean was clever, and recognised weakness, particularly in the face of lust. Scott was flexible, but seemed intent to play the game. Greg was hardened and resistant. He would be the least likely to crack. Kevin was practically drooling over himself, and Tim looked hungry too. Carl did little to hide his perverted gaze. This was going to be easy.

"Perhaps we should go back and talk this over with Mr. Hawksburn, Andrea," Dean said, sighing and closing the folder in front of him, as if preparing to leave.

Andrea took his cue and frowned, then began to slide her skirt back down her hips.

"Wait! Wait..." cried Tim, raising his hand. "I think there's room to negotiate, here. Kevin? Carl?"

He was appealing to his horny colleagues.

"Definitely," said Kevin.

"Maybe," replied Carl, leaning back in his chair, a bulge forming in his pants. "why don't you show us a little more, darling?"

Andrea smiled again, quickly pulling her skirt back to up her waist. She turned around, letting the men admire her stocking-clad legs and the lacy thong that barely covered her pussy lips.

"Take the skirt off, honey," Carl said.

Andrea reached back to unzip her skirt, but Dean raised his hand.

"Perhaps... we could review clause 3.2 section A," he said, opening the folder again.

"You sly bastard," chuckled Scott, admiring Dean's tactics despite himself. "Alright, let's do that. If it means that much to you, Dean, we'll amend it to match the original contract. Agreed?" he said, and looked to his colleagues.

Most nodded, but Greg looked despondent. He crossed his arms, but didn't object. Scott made a note on his copy of the contract, then sat back.

"Good. Now: the skirt."

Again, Andrea reached back, but it was John that made the next suggestion.

"Why don't you step up on the table here, sweetie? That way everyone can have a nice view."

Dean held her chair steady as Andrea put a hand on his shoulder, stepping up onto the chair, then the table, her heels clicking on the glass surface. A third time, she reached back and unzipped her skirt, then turned around and slid it down over her ass and thighs, bending at the waist, giving the board a glorious view of her ass. She stepped out of the skirt and Dean pulled it aside and out of the way. The men murmured their approval as Andrea did a turn, showing off her legs and ass.

"I still don't see how this serves our company's interests-" began Greg.

"-and as for section 6.1? The payment terms are longer than the industry standard. This will negatively affect our cash flow," Dean said, interrupting Greg.
