 Jennifer and Derrick rode in the cab holding hands. She had been living in the city since graduating from college just over a year ago and, in that time, had not had much of a social life as she put her energy into writing for a regional magazine. On occasion she dated but most of those had been setups by well meaning friends. She had been in only two serious relationships, both back in college, but that seemed forever ago.

"So, tell me. If you have a good job downtown, why do you live so far uptown?" she asked. "Actually, beyond uptown?" she added.

Derrick smiled. "A good friend of mine owns rental properties up there. I have a huge apartment all to myself and the rent is dirt-cheap. But part of the deal is that on Saturdays I have to do some general upkeep on the building."

Jennifer feigned horror. "I'm on a date with a building superintendent?"

He laughed. "Part-time super," he corrected. "There's a regular maintenance guy that covers my friend's buildings during the week doing the major stuff but he has weekends off. That's where I come in, keeping the halls clean, replacing light bulbs, sweeping the steps, that kind of stuff. I get a great deal for doing maybe six hours of work a week."

They lapsed back into the comfortable silence. Jennifer studied Derrick's face as he looked out the window at the passing nighttime skyline. She felt comfortable with him as if she had known him for a long time but there was an air of mystery surrounding him. He was a year older than her, lived up in Washington Heights, and worked as a graphic designer for a major ad agency. It's hard to believe I just met him this morning, she thought. 

**********

Jennifer was in line at the deli waiting for her morning bagel with cream cheese. When she pulled out her cash, change scattered on the floor. The man waiting in line behind her knelt down and helped her collect the nickels and quarters.

"Thanks," she said as he reached out to place the money in her hands. At the moment his fingers touched her palm, Jennifer felt a small jolt of electricity run up her spine and, in her mind's eye, saw her having a romantic dinner with this stranger. How long this scene lasted she didn't know, but the image was burned into her mind. The man cleared his throat and Jennifer realized she was holding his fingers.

"Sorry," she mumbled, letting go. "I seem to have spaced out for a moment." The stranger before her grinned shyly and said, "That's OK. That's happened to me from time to time." Jennifer studied the man for a moment. He was about her age, maybe five inches taller, attractive, with light brown hair and kind blue eyes. His face wore an easy smile.

She held out her hand. "I'm Jennifer." 

"I'm Derrick," he replied, taking her hand in his. Again, when their hands touched, the image of them having dinner flashed in Jennifer's mind. Ask him out, her inner voice asked. I don't know him, her inner voice countered. Her internal debate was interrupted when Derrick let go of her hand and said, "Well, have a good day. Maybe I'll see you around sometime." He turned to leave.

"Wait!" she almost shouted. "Would you like to have dinner with me? Tonight?" 

The shy smile returned to Derrick's face. "Sure, I would like that a lot," he replied. They arranged to meet at Angelo's on 43rd that night at 8PM.

**********

When they arrived at Jennifer's building, Derrick paid the cabbie while Jennifer got out and climbed the half flight of stairs to the door, rummaging for her keys. She turned and waited as Derrick climbed the steps. He had a calm expression on his face as he took her hand in his. "I had a really great time tonight and I want to see you again," said Derrick quietly. "I believe there's a spark between us."

Jennifer was taken aback as she was just thinking those exact words. Ask him in. Her inner voice was getting more insistent lately. "Do you want to come in?" she blurted out. "The evening doesn't need to end just yet. My roommate is staying at her boyfriend's tonight so we'd have the place to ourselves." Mortified, Jennifer realized what she was saying. Why did I say my roommate was gone? That's a stupid thing to say to a guy you hardly know. He could be some crazed axe murderer! A calm voice soothed her mind. You can see he doesn't have an axe - he's a very sweet guy. You'll invite him up, maybe have a drink and talk some more. No harm in that. 

Derrick studied her face carefully. "Are you sure? You look a little, uh, conflicted and I don't want to impose." 

Jennifer smiled. "I'm sure. But I must warn you, it's a fifth floor walk-up." 

Derrick laughed. "It wouldn't be New York if it wasn't."

Jennifer led the way up. As they climbed the stairs, she thought she could feel his eyes on her ass. Smiling to herself, she added a little more hip sway to her walk. She looked down at him as she turned onto a landing and could see his ears were turning pink. 

She suppressed a laugh. "Come on, it's just one more flight." Derrick wished she lived higher up.

After Jennifer showed him in and triple locked the door, she took his coat and gestured to the living room. "Have a seat, I'll be right back." Derrick sat on the couch and attempted to look relaxed. "I'll get some wine. I have a decent bottle of red," Jennifer called on her way to the kitchen. 

She returned carrying a bottle of wine, an opener, and two glasses. Derrick opened the bottle and poured. They spent the next half hour and the bottle of wine talking and learning more about each other. Eventually, there was long pause as they looked at each other. Then Derrick leaned closer.

Their lips met, soft and warm. Again, Jennifer felt the spark and kissed back harder. A vision formed in her mind of Derrick unbuttoning her blouse and sliding his hand over her breast. She parted her lips and slid her tongue into his mouth. Their tongues played over each other's. She imagined Derrick sliding his hand up her skirt. Jennifer broke the kiss. Am I really this horny? To answer that question she closed her eyes and kissed him again. 

unsnapping his jeans reaching in pulling out his hard cock clear fluid on the tip leaning down his cock in her mouth her hand gripping stroking

Jennifer broke the kiss again. Where did THAT come from? I've never done that before. She was aware of the heat spreading between her legs and felt flushed. 

"Is everything all right?" asked Derrick. 

"Yeah, I just needed to catch my breath." Slow down, girl. Just chill out and take it easy, she thought but then brought his face to hers, closed her eyes and kissed him.

lying naked on her back her breathing heavy Derrick kissing down her stomach his mouth on her sex her back arching pleasure building licking sucking her pussy his tongue on her clit electrifying her body

Jennifer broke the kiss suddenly, her eyes wide. It felt so real, but then, nobody has ever done that to me. How could I know what a tongue feels like on my pussy? Her mind was a jumble of confused thoughts and visions. Derrick leaned back, looking concerned. "Maybe I should go," he said. "It's been a great evening and I wouldn't want to spoil it by over staying my welcome. Besides, I have to be up early tomorrow." He started to stand up.

"No, wait!" Jennifer grabbed his hand. "It's OK. You're not over staying your welcome. Please, sit down," pulling Derrick back to her side. As he sat down, she leaned back against the end of the couch.

"Before we go any further, and there's no guarantee that we will, are you clean? Do you have any social diseases I should know about?" she asked.

"Clean bill of health," he assured her. "You?" 

"Me, too. Come here then," she murmured, putting her hands on each side of his face.

He kissed her, soft and tender at first, then harder, his tongue dancing in her mouth. She knew his lust was building, just like hers. She lightly sucked the tip of his tongue, her hands in his hair. His hand caressed her body, across her flat stomach and up her side toward her breast.

eagerly sucking up down his shaft his sweet meat in her mouth running her tongue around the tip down to the base up the underside feeling his blood pulsing in the thick vein her hand caressing cleanly shaven balls gently squeezing her mouth moving up down his cock wanting him to explode in her mouth her head bobbing faster his body tensing waiting for him to come doubling her efforts until

tongue sliding into her wet pussy licking inside her probing hands squeezing breasts fingers rubbing nipples little circles hands under her knees lifting legs up spreading apart her sex opening his tongue plunging mouth on clit tongue flicking waves of pleasure tongue moving rapidly circles swirling around around fingers rubbing nipples faster pussy swelling as she

A moan escaped from her lips as she felt Derrick's hand squeezing her breast. Her pussy felt swollen and strained against her panties. He was kissing the soft skin of her neck, his head nuzzling her. Jennifer reached down and tugged at his shirt, freeing it from his waistband. She pulled his shirt off and plunged her tongue into his mouth. Derrick unbuttoned her blouse and undid the clasp at the front of her bra. He pushed the material aside and freed one of her soft mounds of flesh. 

She felt wetness growing between her legs as his thumb rubbed her nipple. His hand squeezed as he kissed down her neck, his mouth moving towards her exposed breast. Jennifer's ran her hand through his hair, guiding him until his lips brushed against her hard nipple. Derrick licked and sucked her nipple making it painfully hard. Her eyes closed and her head rocked back in pleasure.

Derrick's hand slid up the inside of her thigh under her skirt, his fingers lightly caressing her skin. Jennifer opened her legs wider as his hand moved higher until his fingers lightly brushed across her panty-clad pussy. She gasped as his fingers grazed over her clit and she raised her hips to press her pussy against his hand. His hand moved like magic over her sex, making her crazed with lust.

With great effort she lifted his head from her breast and pushed him back on the couch. She straddled Derrick's lap and gave him a deep kiss as he pushed her blouse and bra off her shoulders. Jennifer sat up bringing her breasts to his mouth. His hands played with her ass as he covered her breasts with licks and kisses. She sat down and felt the hardness of his cock pressing against her. She ran her hands down his chest to the top of his jeans and toyed with the top button.

She moved off his lap and knelt between his legs, unbuttoning his jeans. He lifted his hips as she tugged them off. Jennifer could see his cock was straining to be set free. She ran her hand over the form in his underwear and traced its outline before hooking her fingers in the elastic waistband and pulling his underwear off.

Derrick's cock stood at attention, its seven inches of white hardness rising from a neatly trimmed bed of dark brown pubic hair. She could see a drop of moisture glistening on the tip. And she could see his scrotum was shaved. It's just like I imagined! With her left hand she gripped his shaft and with her right hand she ran her fingers over his shorn sac. The skin felt smooth and soft, softer than any skin she had ever felt. She leaned in and kissed his scrotum, running her tongue over the silky skin. She kissed and licked her way up his shaft, and saw up close the clear fluid oozing out of the slit. 

Tentatively, she licked the tip tasting salty sweetness, her tongue spreading the clear fluid over the head, making it slippery. She heard Derrick gasp as she swirled her tongue around the tip. Emboldened, she wrapped her lips around the head and slid down on his shaft. She took him in as deeply as she could then slowly moved up and off, his cock shiny with her saliva. Jennifer licked down to his pubic hair, up the underside and could feel his pulse pounding. Her hand cupped his balls. She licked down his shaft to his scrotum and gently licked and sucked. Derrick moaned with his head back and his eyes closed.

Jennifer continued kissing his balls while her hand methodically pumped his shaft. Derrick's breathing became harder as she pumped faster. She knew he was getting close. She licked up his shaft and took him in her mouth, again swirling her tongue around the tip. He moaned louder. Her mouth and hand worked in tandem sliding up and down his cock, gaining speed. 

"Oh, God! Jennifer! I'm going to come!" panted Derrick. Jennifer's head bobbed faster. She felt his body stiffen and the skin around his balls tighten. She moved her mouth up to the tip and clamped her lips around the head as he started to come, hot and pulsing. She licked and swallowed his cream as it continued to spurt until no more came out. At last she let his cock slide from her mouth, looked up at him and smiled.

"That was fantastic!" Derrick whispered, out of breath. 

"It was? That was the first time I've ever given a blowjob."

"Well, then," he replied. "You would make the all rookie team!"

Jennifer giggled and blushed. Derrick pulled her face to his and gave her a long, deep kiss. He guided her on to couch and sat her back as he slid onto the floor. He unzipped her skirt and gently tugged it down and off. As he set the skirt aside, Jennifer looked down and saw that her panties had soaked through. I can't believe how wet I am! No one's ever turned me on this much! Derrick's hands interrupted her thoughts as they tugged her panties off. She settled back, watching as he moved between her legs, a look of awe on his face as he stared at her glistening pussy. Her nipples were erect in anticipation of what was to come. 

Derrick kissed his way up her thigh, his lips soft on her skin, moving closer to her swollen sex. She could see her outer lips were puffy and she felt his warm breath on her inner thigh. She parted her legs wider as he touched her pussy with his fingers. He spread her outer lips revealing her pink insides and gently inserted a finger into her. His finger slid out and she saw it was coated with her juices as he ran it up her pussy and circled her swollen clit. His touch was soft but firm and she gasped when his tongue entered her. He lapped up her sweet nectar, his face buried between her legs. Jennifer squeezed her breasts and tweaked her hard nipples with her fingers.

His tongue licked up to her clit moving in little circles, occasionally flicking across it. He sucked her clit into his mouth and bathed it with his tongue. Jennifer moaned loudly. It's better than I imagined! Derrick's tongue moved faster finding a rhythm that suited her body. Her hips rocked as his mouth played her like a fine instrument. Jennifer felt her orgasm build quickly, growing like a large wave until it crashed over her, her hips bucking, her pussy grinding into his face. His licking slowed as she collapsed back onto the couch.

"That's another first for me," sighed Jennifer, catching her breath. "I've always wanted that done to me but it never happened."

Derrick sat on the floor and looked up at her, his face serious. "That's really sad. What's wrong with guys? I love going down on a woman as much as I love a woman going down on me." He paused and thought for a moment. "Are you are virgin?" he asked softly.

Jennifer laughed. "God, no! I guess my boyfriends were never as enlightened as you. Of course, they wanted me to go down on them but I never wanted to - it never felt right to me. And, they never went down on me. I just thought guys didn't like to do that."

"Well, since you're not a virgin you'll know what to do with this!" exclaimed Derrick, pulling her off the couch and onto his lap.

Jennifer saw that his cock was hard again and straddled him, wrapping her arms around his neck. 

"I know where this will fit nicely," said Jennifer quietly. 

As they kissed, she moved her hips forward until her pussy pressed against his cock. She rocked her pelvis, running her pussy along his shaft, enjoying the sensation when the head pressed against her clit.

She sat up, grabbed his cock and guided it into her wet hole. She slowly lowered herself onto him, her eyes closed, pausing occasionally to lift herself a little while her vagina stretched to accept him. After a few moments, Derrick's cock was buried in her.

"Mmmmmmm," she purred, opening her eyes. "I don't want you to come in me, understand?" she said, looking him in the eyes. 

Derrick nodded. Jennifer started moving her hips up and down, feeling him inside her as he moved his hips in circular motion, matching her speed. Occasionally, she felt an intense sensation when his cock rubbed in a particular area. So that's where my G-spot is. As their bodies moved faster his cock hit her G-spot more frequently. Jennifer moaned and her breathing became harder. Derrick shifted his position and she moaned louder as he hit that magical spot again. She moved faster, her thoughts were in a blur as the intense pleasure built. Jennifer continued riding him until she felt his body stiffen and forced herself to stop, her head hanging down.

Concerned, Derrick lifted her chin to look in her eyes. "Is something wrong?"

"No, it's ... perfect." She couldn't express it any other way. After a moment, she asked, "You didn't come, did you?" He shook his head. "Great. Lie back," she commanded. 

He lay back as Jennifer dismounted, knelt beside him and leaned over his body. She licked up and down his cock tasting her juices. The taste of her sex on him made her even wetter. She covered his scrotum with licks and kisses and sucked on his balls. Derrick's hand moved between her legs and massaged her pussy. Jennifer responding by stroking his cock from the base to the tip, where her finger rubbed the opening. He moaned and pulled her hips toward his head.

She swung her leg over his head as he shifted his body until his face was under her crotch. Derrick raised his head and ran his tongue along her pussy. Jennifer shuddered and settled her pussy on his mouth, then went to work sucking his cock. He licked and sucked her clit as her mouth moved up and down quickly. She felt his hands on her ass inch closer to her pussy until a finger was inside her. She paused at the tip of his cock and slowly took him in as deep as she could until his cock touched the back of her mouth. She saw she had several inches to go. No way I'm going to get all of that in my mouth. I'll need some practice.

Jennifer pulled his cock out and ran her tongue around the head. She heard Derrick's muffled moan and felt him lick faster. She continued swirling her tongue until his moans became louder and his licking became more desperate. She plunged his throbbing cock into her mouth and moved up and down rapidly. She wanted him to come before she did. She gently squeezed his balls and his hips bucked, his tongue pressed hard on her clit. Jennifer moaned. She knew he was close but she was close, too. She pumped his cock in and out her mouth, moving faster, until she squeezed his balls again and tasted his cum as it filled her mouth, just before her own orgasm rocked her body.

She rolled off and lay next to him as the sound of their heavy breathing filled room. She looked up at the ceiling, savoring the moment, feeling his body lightly touching hers. She basked in the warm afterglow of sex, closed her eyes and dozed off.

She awoke when she felt Derrick get up and heard him pad down to the bathroom. She lay with her eyes closed listening to his movements. A few minutes later she heard him come back and kneel down beside her. His lips pressed against hers and she kissed him back.

"Jennifer," he said softly. "I have to go. I really do need to get up early tomorrow."

She opened her eyes and looked up at him. "You're not loving me and leaving me are you?" A smile played at the corners of her mouth.
