 I was having some more work done on my tattoo...

From my seat I had a perfect view of the girls...

****

I had been coming in to the studio regularly over the last few months, so I had started to get to know the artists pretty well. There is this really sexy female tattooist who works here, Kat, but so far tonight I had not seen her. 

"Think we're nearly done for tonight Rick, I'll just finish off this section, another ten minutes or so..."

"No worries Darren..."

That's when they walked in...and they were stunning. Kat and her hot little friend.

Both girls had long dark hair, heavy dark eyeliner, red lipstick, tattoos, tiny skirts & sky high heels...one was wearing all black & the other one in all white.

I was getting hard just looking at them, which isn't easy while someone is scratching away on your back with a sharp object...

"Hey, Ricky! Back for some more...you're a real glutton for punishment!" laughed Kat when she saw me.

"How's it going Kat?" I laughed. Kat was looking real hot all in white, but it was her little friend I couldn't take my eyes off of. In all black, she stood a whole 5"3 next to Kat's statuesque 5"8. She was this quietly smouldering little package and it was at that second I decided I was going to fuck this girl. 

"Rick, this is my friend Bonnie, she's here on holiday from Australia, so I've been trying to show her a good time, don't suppose you want to give me a hand and come out the back for a drink with us when you're done?"

"Yeah that sounds real good Kat. Darren just said he will be done in a minute."

"I knew you wouldn't let me down..." said Kat, and she walked out back with Bonnie in tow.

****

There is this mirror on the wall in the shop. From where I was sitting I could see a reflection of the girls in the back room. 

I could see them sitting close together on the couch, it looked like they were talking about something serious when all of a sudden they began to kiss. 

Very slowly I could see them kissing, sucking on each others red lips, tongues swirling, hands running up thighs and rubbing at each other. It was getting really hot really quick. 

Bonnie was now straddling Kats lap with her skirt pushed right up around her waist. I could see the smooth creamy cheeks of her delicious ass, the black garter and pantyhose. 

I could see Kat kissing Bonnie on the neck and then Kat's top being flung across the room by Bonnie and we could hear them laughing out in the shop.

My cock was aching watching these two; it was taking everything I had to sit still while Darren was working. 

"Don't worry, I'm nearly done man. If I keep you much longer, Kat will have my balls..." laughed Darren. 

"What do you mean?" I asked back.

"Dude, please, they know you can see them right now!" Darren shook his head at me, "you are in for a wild ride tonight my friend, and we are done here."

Darren started to clean up, and I looked back at the mirror. Kat was lying back on the couch and Bonnie had one of her beautiful tits in her mouth.

"I'm locking up the shop now, so you better get out there before Kat gets pissed off. Night Dude." and with that Darren left and locked the door behind him. 

I decided I wanted to watch the girls for a bit longer. It was even more enjoyable now I didn't have to try to sit still with a sharp needle in my back.

I could hear the girls laughing and moaning. Bonnie was kissing and licking Kats stomach. I watched as she reached up to slide down the zip to Kats tiny white skirt, and then slide the skirt down Kats long legs. Kat also had on garter and pantyhose only hers were white. 

I wanted to be able to see them both better, so I moved into the back room, but I just stood in the doorway and watched. 

Kat looked up at me and smiled.

Bonnie was kissing and rubbing Kats inner thighs. Bonnie turned to look at me and also smiled. 

"Hey Rick, don't you think Kat has an exquisite pussy?"

Her voice was soft and kinda squeaky, and her accent was so fucking cute. Her huge eyes looked up at me pleading for an answer.

I hoarsely replied 'yes' and she smiled, moved over and patted the seat between herself and Kat.

I moved across the room looking at two of the sexiest women I had ever laid eyes on, not quite believing that any of this was really happening.

Kat was sprawled back, topless, massaging her tits at one end of the couch in nothing but a white garter, pantyhose and stiletto heels while at the other end, Bonnie was still wearing her black corset, and skirt pushed up around her waist, black garter, pantyhose and stilettos. She was sitting back up on her knees with her feet folded beneath her.

I sat down between the two girls. 

"Lay back on me Ricky, hon." Kat smiled at me. I laid back, between Kats legs, my head on her chest. Kat quickly pulled my shirt off. She began to rub my chest and pull on my nipples. I ran my hands up and down her sexy legs, while Bonnie sat and stared at me from the other end of the couch. 

Bonnie just looked me in the eye, smiled and unzipped my jeans. My cock was straining hard by this time. Bonnie pulled my jeans off, and I reached up and unlaced her beautiful corset. This freed her pert little tits, which I dearly wanted to take into my mouth. 

I could feel Kats soft tits and hard nipples rubbing against my back, and I could feel her hot lips on my neck.

Bonnie was kissing & licking my stomach, she reached down and took my straining cock and gently started to jerk me off as she sucked at my belly button up to my nipples and back again. She began to kiss down to my cock when Kat spoke up, 

"Suck him Bonnie. Suck him and swallow every drop of his cum."

I couldn't help but groan at the thought of her hot little mouth around my cock. My cock was rock hard. Bonnie just looked at me sweetly and blew me a kiss.

Next thing I could feel her tongue tracing the underside of my cock, and then swirling around the head and back down again. Kat was writhing underneath me, pulling on my nipples and kissing me all over. 

Bonnie started to suck harder and faster on my cock, and I'm going to cum quickly after holding it back for so long already today. I looked down at her and she was looking straight back at me, bobbing all the way down to the base of my cock, speeding up 'til I was fucking her throat. 

"I'm gonna cummm!" I cried. I couldn't hold back any more. Bonnie just sped up and sucked harder, swallowing every drop. 

Chapter 2

I lay back on Kat breathing hard. 

Bonnie then kissed Kat hard over my shoulder and I finally took her gorgeous little tit into my mouth. It was so soft and smooth. Her nipples were so small and hard. She began to writhe on my lap. 

I sat forward with Bonnie in my arms to let Kat up. I couldn't stop kissing her smooth neck. She smelled very sweet and my cock was rock hard again already. I lowered her down on to my cock and although very, very wet, to my surprise she was much tighter than I expected.

She gently lowered herself all the way down, her bottom lip caught between her teeth. My huge hard cock was almost too much for her. She started to fuck me really slow, sliding her tight wet pussy all the way forward...til I had almost pulled out of her...and then slowly all the way back in, hard....

I laid back and Kat kissed me as Bonnie rode my cock, she then turned to kiss Bonnie and I found her hot wet pussy in my face. 

I flicked my tongue out at Kat's wet pussy and felt her flinch. She gasped as I did it again. I started to suck hard on Kat's hot little clit. 

The girls were kissing and rubbing each other while riding me at each end.

I can feel Bonnie starting to speed up and I know I am going to come again too. 

Kat was grinding her pussy down on my face and I couldn't hold back any longer, I thrust hard into Bonnie's pussy, and she cried out as we climaxed together...

Kat began to lick us both clean and next thing we were all tangled together again, licking off every trace of each other we can find.