 Winning a Client

It was a sweet, familiar voice that Dean heard drifting through the open office door early on a Tuesday afternoon, drawing his attention away from the stack of files on his desk. Simply hearing it was enough to get his heart thudding in his chest, and a tingling sensation spreading its way through his groin. 

He lifted his head and listened more intently as the cheerful, female speaker uttered a girly giggle. It was unmistakably Andrea, being greeted by a male employee-Jason, by the sound of it.

"Thanks Jay, but I'm here to see Dean," she said to him.

"Oh... sure, that's cool," replied Jason, a hint of disappointment in his voice. "I think he's in his office."

Andrea knocked politely and poked her head in. 

"Busy?"

Her blonde hair was down; long, golden waves partially obscuring her soft, pretty oval face.

"Never too busy for you," said Dean, smoothing his tie and standing up, gesturing to the empty chair in front of his desk.

Flashing her half-cute, half-cheeky smile, Andrea stepped inside, closed the door, and approached Dean's desk. She looked especially beautiful today: a blue dress, loose and flowing on the top, the neckline hanging very low in folded layers of silky fabric, and fitted from the waist down-which was not extend very far at all. It hugged her hips and thighs tightly, showing off her womanly figure and smooth, lean legs. Her feet were clad in blue high heels which matched her dress. Dean imagined what her perfect ass must look like in such a thin, snug, short dress and smiled to himself, wondering what panties she was wearing today; if indeed she was wearing any at all. 

Andrea beamed at him, and leaned forward as she sat in the offered chair, giving Dean a glorious glimpse down her top. The front of the dress hung so low that even without her bending over he could see the subtle curves of the insides of her small, but firm and perky tits. Her movement as she sat, however, allowed him to catch an eyeful of her bare breasts for a moment, and she smiled to herself in turn at Dean's attention.

Dean sat back down as Andrea settled back, and cleared his throat, already feeling his balls tighten.

"You look fabulous, my dear. What's the occasion?" he asked.

Her smile widened proudly, and she pushed out her chest, making the subtle nubs of her hard nipples poke through the silky fabric as she tossed her hair over her shoulder.

"You like it?" she asked him rhetorically. "I was just having lunch with a friend. We went to that new place on William St, so I thought I'd dress up a little."

"I'm sure you turned more than a few heads," Dean commented.

Andrea shrugged and giggled, saying, "As long as I'm turning yours, I'm happy."

Dean leaned back in his chair and folded his hands in front of him.

"So, Andrea, to what do I owe the honour of this visit?"

"Oh, no reason. I was nearby so I thought I'd stop in to say hello," she said, pausing as she quickly glanced over her shoulder at the closed door. 

"Maybe help you to relieve some stress," she continued, winking at him.

Although they had seen each other several times since the events at his house a few days prior, when Dean had finally fucked Andrea, neither of them had talked about it. They had gone about their neighbourly ways as if nothing was amiss. This was the first time Andrea had hinted that there may be the chance for a repeat of that night's events.

Dean felt his groin stir at the suggestion, but he looked at his watch and frowned.

"Some stress relief sounds perfect right about now, but unfortunately I have a meeting with a potential client in a few minutes. Maybe you can stick around until we're finished? Talk to Natalie for a bit?"

Her cheeks blushed at the mention of Natalie's name, likely recalling how Nat's squirting orgasm had sprayed her naked body with her cum, just as Dean had simultaneously ejaculated his seed all over her.

At that moment, there was a knock on Dean's door. 

"Come in!" Dean called out.

Natalie entered.

"Oh! Hi Andrea. I didn't see you come in," Nat said, her cheeks flushing deep red, matching Andrea's. 

"Hi hun! You weren't at your desk, so I just came straight in."

Nat fidgeted with a pen in her hand for a few seconds, biting her lower lip bashfully, then recovered herself.

"Um, Dean, Mr. Callahan is here for your 2 o'clock. Shall I send him in?"

"Yes, thanks Nat. I'll catch up with you after the meeting, if you'd like to wait," I said to Andrea.

"Sure!" she responded, then stood up quickly and turned, giving me a glorious view of her perfect behind, swaying her hips purposefully as she joined Natalie and left Dean's office.

Dean squirmed in his chair for a moment, trying to shake the image out of his head so he could focus on the meeting. He stood and stacked some files, then put them on the small boardroom table at the right side of the office. Seconds later, a short, middle-aged man entered, dressed in a slightly loose-fitting brown suit. 

"Mr. Callahan, please come in," Dean greeted him with a firm handshake.

He smiled tersely at Dean as they shook hands, then, without being offered, took a seat at the table, placing a few documents in front of him. 'I guess it's all business with this guy', Dean thought, already dreading how the meeting was going to go. This client was worth quite a lot to the company, should they agree to a contract, but Dean's expectations were tempered by John Callahan's history as a stiff, shrewd businessman. It would not be an easy sell.

The meeting started off poorly and progressively got worse. Dean's ideas, offers, and pitches fell flat at every turn, and he could feel his blood rise. 'Why even set up this meeting if he's not willing to listen to anything', he wondered, feeling exasperated.

"Mr. Callahan, I've worked with your colleagues in the past, and we've always had a good relationship, and excellent outcomes. I know our firm has assets that would be very valuable to you."

John smirked bitterly.

"Yes, indeed. A couple of those assets greeted me and showed me to your office when I arrived," he grunted.

Dean was a bit taken aback by his sleazy admission, but tried not to let it show. Nevertheless, John had given him a peek at the cards in his hand, and he was more than prepared to take advantage. Dean gave him a knowing smile, and nodded.

"My staff are very loyal and attentive to our clients' needs. It's something we pride ourselves on," he said calmly, letting the words sink in.

John's face softened ever so slightly. Dean knew he needed to set the hook quickly, before the opportunity was lost.

"I'm sorry Mr. Callahan, where are my manners? Would you like some water? Coffee? Tea?"

He furrowed his brow and frowned, then said, "Uh... water's fine."

Dean leaned forward and pushed a button on the polycom on the table, saying, "Natalie?"

"Yes, sir?" her singsong voice replied through the intercom.

"I was wondering if you could please send Andrea in with a pitcher of water and some glasses for Mr. Callahan and me."

There was a long pause. Nat was likely wondering why Dean hadn't asked her to do it, and why Andrea-who didn't even work there-was. 

"Of course, sir. She'll be right in," Nat finally replied, evidently choosing not to question Dean's motives.

"Lovely. Thank you."

There was an awkward silence as the men waited for Andrea to enter, but Dean didn't want to risk saying the wrong thing and spoiling his plan. This had to be played carefully. John shuffled papers on the desk, and Dean pretended to take a few notes. Finally, there was a soft knock at the door.

"Come in, Andrea," Dean said.

Andrea came into the office with jug of water and two glasses on a tray. She shut the door behind her, and placed the tray on the table between the men. Dean immediately noticed Mr. Callahan's eyes roaming up and down Andrea's slim, fit body. She poured John's glass first, then slid it to him, giving him more than ample time to look down her loose top. Dean thought John's eyes were going to pop right out of his head, and cleared his throat, stifling a laugh.

She poured Dean's glass next, turning her ass to face John, and gave Dean the same view John had just enjoyed. Dean could clearly see down her top, and her tits looked incredible, capped with small, hard pink nipples. She smiled at Dean and winked, her blue eyes sparking. She straightened up and folded her hands behind her back, pushing her tits out.

"Andrea's one of our new employees. She's fitting in nicely here. She has a number of valuable skills, and is showing great promise. We're very lucky to have her on board," Dean said, grinning at Andrea, then looking at John.

John's mouth was open as he abjectly ogled Andrea's body. He blinked a few times, then managed a lascivious smile.

"Oh? And what kind of skills do you have, Andrea?" he asked her.

"Well, I'm good at following orders, I have great attention to detail, I'm hard-working, and I'm an excellent communicator. I guess you could say I'm orally gifted," she replied without missing a beat.

John's face reddened and Dean had to bite his tongue so he wouldn't outwardly chuckle.

"And I'm never satisfied until a job is done," she added, smiling down at John.

"She's definitely a team-player," said Dean, then to Andrea, "Sweetie, can you please get me the company annual report from my desk?" 

"Of course, sir," she agreed, turning and walking behind Dean to his desk.

Dean knew without even looking that she understood what he was asking of her. John's expression told him that Andrea had gone to Dean's desk, and had bent at the waist, searching for the document, giving John a glorious view of her ass. Dean glanced over his shoulder, and saw that Andrea's dress had crept so high that the bottom of her perfect ass cheeks were showing, along with a sliver of black panty material between her legs.

John shifted in his chair, his eyes practically burning holes in Andrea's sweet buttocks. Dean noticed that a bulge had formed in Mr. Callahan's pants. Dean had to use all his effort not to laugh at the mental struggle going on in John's mind.

Andrea returned and stood next to Dean, handing him the requested report, then folding her hands behind her again as Dean opened and perused the contents. 

"I think you'll find that our company offers certain... peripheral benefits to our clients. And I'm not referring only to discounted loyalty rates, or preferential pricing."

Andrea actually giggled, and slid her hand along Dean's shoulders, looking suggestively at Mr. Callahan. He looked at Andrea, then back at Dean, then cleared his throat and loosened his tie.

"Oh? I'm, erm... I'm keen to know more," he finally managed to mutter.

"Well, the details are not exactly in our corporate documentation, if you understand me. These types of benefits require some degree of discretion. We only offer it to our most preferred clients," Dean continued, raising his eyes from the documents in his hand to look at John.

John's face had reddened further, and he cleared his throat again. Dean paused again, his timing perfect. This fish would be easier to land than he thought.

"Perhaps an example is needed," Dean said, closing the report he was holding and tossing it dismissively onto the table.

He reached his hand behind Andrea's ass and squeezed it gently, looking up at her. 

"Andrea, give Mr. Callahan a sample of what benefits we have on offer if he's wise enough to reach an agreement with us."

Dean felt her body tense ever so slightly as she was put on the spot in front of this middle-aged stranger in the chair before her. John looked at her hungrily, expectantly. Her hesitation lasted only a second, and the next thing he knew, Andrea had reached up to pull the neck of her dress down, completely exposing her firm, perky tits to John.

John's eyes widened in astonishment as he ogled her tits. Andrea giggled and pushed them up from underneath a little with her knuckles, turning her body from side to side so John could get a good, long look at them. He was speechless.

"What do you think, Mr. Callahan?" she asked cheerfully.

"I um... I think... they've very nice, Andrea," he stammered, reddening again and shifting in his chair, his hands covering his groin.

Dean narrowed his eyes and rubbed his chin.

"You don't sound convinced, Mr. Callahan. Look, I'll be frank. We want your business, and I think my colleague here can convince you that you'd be making the right decision to work with us. Andrea, please demonstrate those oral skills you were talking about before for Mr. Callahan. I think once he sees how competent our staff are, he might be better positioned to make an informed decision."

Dean patted her ass and she took a few steps forward. She extended her hands and without speaking, as if under a trance, John took them, and stood up from his chair. Andrea instantly squatted in front of him and began undoing his belt. Dean leaned back in his chair and watched quietly, letting Andrea take charge of the situation in the best way she knew how.

John's pants fell to the floor and Andrea rubbed the bulge in John's briefs eagerly.

"Oh, you're already hard, Mr. Callahan. I guess you like me," she giggled, kissing his cock through his briefs.

He reached down to stroke her hair as he leaned back against the table.

"I do like you very much, Andrea. I think your boss might be right about you being able to persuade me into a business deal. Let's not waste any time. Get my cock out and suck it," he said.

Andrea hooked her fingers under John's waistband and pulled his briefs down to his knees, his cock springing out and bobbing in front of Andrea's face. She immediately wrapped her fingers around it and began stroking him rapidly. After a few quick strokes, she opened her mouth and slid her lips over his dick head, sucking her cheeks in and looking up at him.

"Ooohhhhh yes," he moaned, his hand pushing her head onto his cock.

John's cock was forced deep into her mouth, and she released his shaft, putting her hands on his thighs. She began to bob her head on him, slurping and sucking his dick as his hips moved with her rhythm, fucking her mouth.

"Fuck Andrea, you're so good... aaahhh... suck that dick like a good little office slut," he groaned.

Andrea moved her hands and pulled her dress from her shoulders, pulling it down to her waist, exposing her whole top half, then pulled back, a strand of spit trailing from John's cock to her lips.

"Are my oral skills up to scratch, Mr. Callahan?" she asked.

"You are very talented, my dear. Very talented," he said in praise, breathing hard.

She smiled up at him, then took his cock back in her mouth and bobbed her head aggressively, now cupping and playing with his balls as she sucked him off. He groaned loudly and pumped his cock into her mouth.

"Aaah fuck! I'm gonna cum!" he moaned.

Andrea kept sucking relentlessly, coaxing John's orgasm from him. John tensed, and Dean saw Andrea's eyes widen as John blasted his load deep into her mouth. Dean watched Andrea swallow several times as John filled her mouth with his semen, his face redder than ever. He was beginning to be concerned that John might have a heart attack.

He finally relaxed, and as Andrea pulled his softening cock from between her lips, a large drop of cum escaped and dripped down her chin. She quickly lifted her fingers up to her chin and scooped the errant sticky gob, popping it back into her mouth and swallowing, smacking her lips loudly. She diligently helped him put his briefs and pants back on, licking her lips and giving him the occasional grin or wink.

"Thank you, Mr. Callahan!" she said, then stood, kissing him on the cheek.

John caught his breath, then wiped his forehead, recovering himself as he adjusted his tie, and picked up his briefcase.

"Well, I'm sure we can come to an agreeable arrangement, Dean. I have the utmost faith in your staff and look forward to working with your team again in the near future," Mr. Callahan said, in a noticeably better mood now that he had had his dick sucked by a young, attractive woman.

"I knew we could work something out, Mr. Callahan. Please send the contractual documents through to Natalie and we'll get started on what I think will be a prosperous relationship."

Dean shook his hand and Andrea saw him out of the office, still topless, as she had not bothered to pull her dress back up, and shut the door behind him. She turned to face dean, her cheeks red, her nipples hard, and her eyes sparkling.

"Oh my god! I can't believe you made me suck that guy's cock in your office!" Her tone sounded incredulous, but she wasn't angry.

"Made you? It didn't take much convincing, if you asked me," chuckled Dean, standing up and stacking some papers on the table.

When he turned around, Andrea was already on her knees at his feet. Her hands found his belt and began to undo it.

"Did I do a good job, boss?" she asked innocently, unzipping his fly.

"You did an excellent job, hun. I think you just won us a huge account."

She pulled his pants and his boxers down in one smooth motion, and his dick swung heavily in her face. She grasped the long, thick, semi-hard shaft and began stroking it, licking her lips in anticipation.

"Thank you, sir. Did you see how fast I made him cum?"

"I can't say I'm surprised. You are a very talented cock sucker. Why don't you give your boss some of that sweet mouth of yours?"

Without a word, Andrea spit on Dean's cock and stroked the saliva along his hardening column. She looked up at him and slid her soft lips over his dick head, sucking his tip and pumping his shaft firmly. She started to take more of him into her hot mouth, as he felt himself reach rock hardness. He loved how pretty and naughty she looked with his cock between her lips, bobbing her head expertly as she took another few inches into her mouth. His cock head began to bump the back of her throat, and her eyes teared up, but she continued valiantly, gagging on his massive cock.

A knock at the door broke the spell they were under, and Dean looked up quickly. Andrea froze, his cock halfway down her throat.

"Who is it?" Dean asked.

The door opened and Nat's voice drifted into the room.

"I don't know what you said to Mr. Callahan, but- Oh!" she said, entering the room and seeing Dean and Andrea. 

She blinked, then stepped into the office and shut the door. 

"What the fuck is going on?"

"Nat, oh thank god. Come on in, sweetie. Andrea's just sucking my cock," Dean said casually.

Nat paused for a moment, then approached the two of them, standing next to Dean with her hands on her hips. She was wearing a short pleated grey skirt, with a very tight, low neck green top, her breasts bulging out and creating succulent cleavage-likely the same 'assets' John had mentioned in their meeting. Her hair was tied back into a ponytail. She looked at Dean, then down at Andrea, who had resumed trying to stuff Dean's manhood down her throat.

"Wow..." Nat sighed, biting her lower lip.

"She's good, isn't she?" Dean chuckled.

"I'm guessing I could probably ask Mr. Callahan the same thing. He came out of that meeting looking like he'd won the lottery. What did you do?" Nat asked.

"I had Andrea give him a sample of the benefits of working with our company."

Andrea slurped her spit off Dean's cock as she slipped it from her mouth, gasping for breath.

"In other words: I sucked his dick and swallowed all his cum," she admitted proudly to Nat.

"She just did this company a great service," confirmed Dean, stroking Andrea's hair affectionately.

"God, you slut!" exclaimed Nat, shaking her head, but with a look of mixed admiration and excitement on her face.

Dean could see that Natalie's nipples were now poking obviously through her top. Andrea beamed at Nat, then slid her mouth down Dean's shaft , slurping the underside of his dick until she reached his balls, sucking one between her lips as she stroked his length. After tonguing his balls, she opened her mouth again and, looking at Natalie now, slid her mouth down on Dean's cock. Nat reached down and put her hand on the back of Andrea's head, helping her gobble more of Dean's cock until her nose nearly touched his neatly trimmed pubic hair. Andrea gagged and her eyes watered, but Nat held her there for a few seconds, smiling a mischievous grin.
