 "Don't you know? Today's Mr. Robinson's birthday," Julie said the way as if I were supposed to know. But how should have I known? Yes, we all had a friendly relationship in the office, specially Julie, Amanda, Mr. Robinson and I. Because we were working in the same section. But it was only 7 months that I had come to this office and it's really not enough time to discover your boss's birthday, at least for me.

"Well, I don't think I can come," I said in an uncertain manner. "You already know, Jim is not here."

"Yeah, but it's not like that. I'm not coming with Daniel, either. Only the guys from the office are coming," Amanda responded.

"Come on Marla! You don't want to have a lonely dinner for another night," said Julie trying to convince me. And indeed she was right. I didn't want to. My husband, Jim, had gone to another state for a work project the day before, and he maybe had to stay there for some more days. I was already thinking about inviting Julie and Amanda for dinner. We were going out with each other sometimes. But I hadn't gone to the house of any of them yet. And now Mr. Robinson had invited us to his house for his birthday. I didn't know how it will be. But I thought being with friends is simply better than staying at home, alone. So I smiled and said that I'm going with them.

"Wow, thank you!" Julie almost jumped with happiness and that was a little surprising for me. Amanda smiled, too.

The working hours were finished and we collected our stuffs and leaved the office. At the front door, Julie reminded me again not to be late and went with Amanda. At home I did some chores and made a call to Jim to hear his voice (I was really missing him) and see if he knew when he would come back. He said that his work was done and tomorrow he would be back. I wanted to say I wished he had come home tonight, then I remembered the party I was about to go, but somehow I felt I don't want to say about it to Jim. I don't know why. But there was this feeling inside me. If I wanted, I could tell him about it tomorrow.

In spite of (and maybe because of!) Julie's reminding I was a little late.

"Happy birthday Mr. Robinson!" I said with a warm smile on my face. It was interesting to see him in the clothes and gesture other than the ones he had at the office. In fact, his clothes weren't formal at all. Wasn't this a formal party?

"Hi Marla! Thank you, but you don't have to call me Mr. Robinson, here I'm just Martin," said he, showing me the way in. When I arrived, Julie and Amanda were there already. But there was no one else...

"Seems like I'm not so late. Others haven't arrived yet?" I asked, after we had our greetings.

"There isn't any others Marla. We are the only guests," Julie answered. I surprised. But I just didn't say anything else and sat there and we started to talk about routines. Martin joined us with drinks.

"Oh, where is Mrs. Robinson?" I asked, remembering I haven't seen the boss's wife yet.

"She's not home. That's why I invited only you guys to have a little friendly gathering," Martin answered. I couldn't help my surprise any more.

"Where is she?" I asked curiously.

"She's on a trip with her friends. I couldn't go with her, you know yourself how busy we are at the office these days. She didn't want to miss my birthday, but the trip was so exciting for her that I didn't let her not to go," Martin explained to me as we all were drinking.

After that we all talked, and talked, and joked, and laughed. In fact, Julie and Martin were joking and teasing each other, Amanda and I were laughing. Julie always was a sweet and spirited girl, but Martin now wasn't the gentle and serious Mr. Robinson he was at the office. They were joking and it seemed that it's going to become dirty. And it started to make me embarrassed a bit, because I didn't surfeit in drinking like them. But they didn't go so much further in being coquettish, because Martin just remembered that he was going to serve us dinner.

And it all started from the dinner. Julie wasn't talking anymore after she made sure she had teased Martin enough by commenting about his cooking. But she had just started to become naughty.

While eating, I felt her foot contacted with mine. She was sitting in front of me, thus it wasn't an unusual thing. I pulled my leg a bit right away and didn't pay any attention. But soon after, I felt that touch again. I pulled my leg again, and thought maybe she was changing her legs' position. And then I just automatically looked at her. She was also looking at me. I immediately looked down at my dish. I don't know why I felt I've done something wrong. It wasn't a big deal and I didn't need to be concerned about it. But I just felt that I had a bad reaction about a simple touch, and Julie could be upset about that. But my thinking didn't last long, because after a moment I felt her foot again. And it was at that touch that I noticed her foot was bare. I could feel her toes on my ankle. I moved my leg about one millimeter and that was all I could do. I was confused. We both weren't wearing stockings and without her shoe, I was feeling her foot skin to skin under the table. It was so soft. And I didn't know what to do. She was intentionally putting her bare foot on mine and now moving it a little toward my shin. I was so embarrassed I couldn't look at her, but it felt so good. I compulsively decided to do nothing. It wasn't me who was caressing her feet. So I should have not been ashamed. But still I couldn't look at her. I was barely able to continue eating. I knew she was looking at my blushed face and she had become even more courageous now that I hadn't done anything. She was willingly rubbing my hot leg with her cold bare toes and sole and soon her other foot reached and she was holding my foot with her feet, rubbing all over it.

I finally looked at her. She had such a wicked smile on her face. I felt Amanda noticing our eye contact, my blushed face, and her smile; but she definitely couldn't guest what was going on under the table. Soon her smile was gone and I could see a raging lust in her face. I was so, so excited, and at the same time afraid of what that was going on. She almost moved my chair by pushing my legs hardly toward herself and rubbing them savagely. I just soaked myself at her hunger for me and the exquisite touch of our soft, silky, sensitive feet. She was massaging my calf with one of her feet and moving the other one up toward my inner thighs under my skirt. I was feeling my crotch burning and unconsciously stiffened my legs, holding her foot hardly between my thighs as she started to move it there, slow and firm. I just wished that Amanda and Martin were blind so that I could spit my saliva between my thighs and Julie could thrust her foot there, Hard and Fast. I wished they were deaf so that I could moan, loud, from deep inside. Excitement, pleasure, confusion and tense in my whole body, my face burning, and I was totally surrendered to her.

"Well, seems like everyone has finished eating," said Martin, looking at us that weren't eating anymore. I thought Amanda was watching us the whole time. I was so embarrassed and confused now. Surprised at how fast and easy I had become crazy at my boss's house, only by touching my naughty friend's feet. Now I had to try to take the control of myself again.

After dinner Martin suggested watching a movie he had recently bought and none of us had watched it before. Julie and Amanda agreed, and I was wondering why it wasn't like a birthday celebration at all. It was just like an usual gathering of near friends. But friends that three of them were married and none of them had their spouses there. And friends that, of course, first of all were colleagues.

It wasn't unexpected that when we wanted to start watching the movie Julie sat next to me. She was on my right, Martin and Amanda, in turn, next to her. Martin had dimmed the lights so that we could concentrate on the movie. I'd like watching movies in the dark, but, I just didn't know what I was supposed to do if the mischievous girl next to me wanted to start tempting me again. And she did.

Only after about five minutes of the movie, I felt her left foot moving slowly against mine. And god, it was so soft and delightful. I knew I couldn't resist at all. My body started to become hot again as I felt her trying to slowly take my shoe off with her foot and then putting her soft sole on my bare toes. I shivered from the touch, it was so arousing. I wondered how sexually sensitive I've been at my feet without knowing it. She just stayed like that for some moments and then started to rub my toes by hers and I felt a strong wave of pleasure running from there toward my already wet crotch. Pressing my thighs against each other, I arched a bit and enjoyed the pressure of my blouse against my hard nipples, since I wasn't wearing a bra. I wasn't thinking about where I was anymore, I just wanted this feeling of pleasure to by culminated. And if I was quiet enough, I could do that without letting anyone except Julie become aware of it.

I took my other shoe off and held her left foot between my feet and started rubbing it with them. I was Full of lust and longed for squeezing Julie's whole body in my hands and kissing her, licking her all over. I wanted to put my hand on her thigh and squeeze it but I noticed that there's another hand between her legs, and it wasn't hers! And it meant that... Yes... I wasn't the only one that Julie was getting pleasure from. In fact, at that moment, none of us was watching the movie!

My astonishment and confusion at the highest rate...

The boss's hand was probing between Julie's legs, kneading her pussy, as she pressed her legs in opposite directions, to me and him. I was barely breathing when I moved to the left a little so I could see Amanda's hand inside Martin's unzipped pants, massaging his shaft. I couldn't believe what I was seeing and what I was finding out about this gathering. It seemed like I was the only one that didn't know what was going to happen. They got me there to... I couldn't believe it.

What did I have to do? My mouth was wide open (the same as my eyes) but I didn't know what to say... I couldn't go any further and become a part of this. They were my co-workers. Martin was my boss. Almost all of us were married and, oh, my Jim was coming tomorrow. He didn't even know I was here, going to...to fuck! And be fucked! This was a betrayal. No, I should have not been doing this but, but Julie's beautiful leg was still between my feet and, Martin's cock in Amanda's (maybe wet) hand seemed to be really big. I had a weird and unfamiliar sensation inside of me that was twisting and whirling in there. After being married I'd never been thinking about any other man or woman in a sexual way, and now...

I was feeling guilty even from now, but god I couldn't resist. My clit was hardly throbbing from seeing Amanda's hand taking that thick length out of Martin's pants and moving up and down while gripping it hard. And I really couldn't breathe when I felt Julie's hand finding its way between my squeezed thighs, rubbing my soaked pussy. I almost moaned from pleasure mixed with tension and confusion. Now that she knew I've found out the whole thing, Julie turned to me to grabbed my arm with her other hand, looking with those lustful and at the same time kind eyes straight to my eyes, and then to my opened mouth. And then all I could feel was the tender sensation of her tongue probing my mouth, caressing my tongue. Our mouths were locked, the same as our bare feet. As the pleasure started to conquest the tension, I started to kiss her back, letting my tongue dance with hers, swallowing a delicious mixture of our saliva, panting the warm air she was exhaling to my face, as I embraced her too, letting Martin and Amanda clearly see what we were doing.

As we kissed, she unbuttoned my blouse and touched my breasts, twisting my nipples with her thumb and forefinger. My eyes were closed and I couldn't help moaning while she was kissing and licking my neck, sucking my earlobe, my fingers plunging in her short hair. She went down and put one of my nipples in her mouth, sucking and licking it, swirling her tongue around it, biting it softly, while she was rubbing my other breast with her hand, the other hand, down under my skirt moving in my panties. I was arching, pressing her head into my breast while my hip was wriggling on her hand. She licked my cleavage and went for my other breast and down there she thrust her middle finger into my aching pussy, her hand totally wet from my fluids. Soon she put her forefinger in me too, while she was rubbing my clit with her thumb and I thought I was going to faint from the pleasure she was giving to me. I leaned to the armchair and moved my hip forward as she was going down to lick my clit while she was finger fucking me.

"Oh, god... Amanda... Yes, right there," said Julie to my pussy and continued licking me again and moaning. I opened my eyes. Julie was on her knees on the couch, holding one of my my thighs in her arm, sucking my throbbing clit and fucking my pussy with two fingers, faster and faster, her hip up for Amanda to lick her little asshole eagerly and fuck her pussy with her fingers, grabbing her breast with other hand. The three of us gasping and wiggling. I quivered just from seeing the view. And then Mr. Robinson, standing next to the couch, all naked, moving his hand up and down his big cock, enjoying the view of his three little bitches that were licking each other and longing for a cock inside of them as he was thinking which one of us he would like to fuck first. The lustful smile on his face made me long for betraying my husband and yearn for him to fuck me with his lengthy cock so hard and deep I couldn't breathe.

When he saw my desiring look on his cock, he just stopped looking and came to start working with his assistants. I grabbed his cock and rubbed it, making him close his eyes and moan from the pleasure of the touch of my soft skin on his cock. He was the first man other than my husband that I've been touching his cock in last three years. And because of that, the unfamiliar and dizzying sensation shook my body again the moment I held that big hot pulsing thing in my hand. But the only thing I knew was I wanted to have it in my mouth. It was already full of saliva sprayed for his cock when I put that in my mouth. It was bigger than Jim's cock. I sucked it hard, gagged on it, swirled my tongue around its tip, kissed all over it, licked it and put his balls in my mouth, and then sucked it again...fast...hard... Tasting the sharp flavor of his pre-cum. I grabbed his ass cheeks and forced him to fuck my mouth even harder as Julie was fucking my pussy. I was about to come. The cock in my mouth was also swelling and thrusting faster. Such a delicious harmony.

"Ummmm." I stiffened my legs and buried Julies head in my pussy as I started to quiver. I also thrust the tip of my middle finger into Martin's asshole so he immediately reached the climax, grasped my head, groaned and shot a huge amount of cum into my throat. I swallowed it all eagerly as I soaked Julie's face with my own juices by my orgasm. I felt Julie coming, too. She was crying out now between my legs as Amanda fucked her both holes with her fingers and she fucked her back. I could feel her hands hardening and shivering around my legs. After some moments of hardly breathing she became numb, too.

But it was only the beginning. Martin pulled me down the couch and turned me, so I was kneeling on the ground leaning on the couch, arched. He went down to taste the delicious mixture of my fluids and Julie's saliva on my pussy. He was licking me furiously and sucking my clit so hard. We all were absolutely turned on despite of the orgasm we had a few seconds ago.

Amanda stood next to me to take her already unbuttoned and unzipped jeans and her panties off. Then she sat in front of me on the couch, offering her swollen wet pussy to me. I was immediately drowned in that beautiful smelly pink my gorgeous Amanda got there, grasping her hips. I looked up to see the pleasure in her face, her eyes closed, her breasts going up and down fast, her mouth open with soft moaning. "Lick it, lick it, lick it... Yes, faster... Mmmm...," Whispered Amanda to me with her pleasant lustful voice. "Oh right there... Please, more... More... Lick me more!"

Julie joined again, rubbing Amanda's breasts, under her shirt, kissing and tonguing her lips and mouth. Martin's thumb was pumping in my pussy now, while he was hardly licking my asshole, trying to put his whole tongue and that little wrinkle. I shivered. Eventually he got up on his knees, rubbing his stiff cock up and down my aching pussy. I groaned and trembled as he inserted his whole lengthy cock in me all at once. He stayed like that for a moment, enjoying the warm and silky pressure against his cock, and then started to thrust in my pussy slowly.

I was eating Amanda's pussy maniacally as he fucked me faster and faster. "More... I want more... Fuck me harder... Yes, yes, just like that... Oh, god, yes, yes ,yes." My face beating Julie's pussy, my breasts going forth and back in the rhythm of Martin's pumping in me. Really fast he was. I could hardly breathe. He leaned forward, held my breast from behind with one hand, rubbed my hot throbbing clit with the other one. I couldn't do anything but shouting to Julie's pussy. "Ohhh... God... Fuck me... Harder, harder, harder... I want you tear that little pussy... Ohhh, fuck!"

I was burning from the heat, all my body soaked in sweat. All my muscles trembling and squeezing. His cock locked in my hardened pussy. My breathing stopped. I almost fainted with that hard extreme orgasm.

When I became conscious again I felt Amanda's limp body holding and caressing me. We kissed in relaxation, lying down next to the couch, where Julie was screaming, riding on Martin's cock, leaning forward, kissing him and rubbing her breasts on his chest while he was fingering her asshole with his middle finger. They were both close to coming.

The room was filled with the smell of sex.

***

Martin drove me home. Amanda and Julie were going to stay there the rest of the night. I went to the bedroom and got undressed to go and take a shower, but suddenly I saw...Jim. He was lying on the bed, I didn't know if he was asleep or not, I hadn't turned the lights on. I was so afraid and confused. He was going to be here on morning, not now! I just went for the shower immediately so he couldn't feel the smell of cum on my body. At the bathroom I was thinking about all that had happened to me in the last few hours. What should have I said to Jim about it? The truth? Or lying and continuing to betray him? Oh god, only thinking about what it was going to be like at the office from now on shook my body and made me wet.

I went to the bed and lay, my back on him. I thought he was asleep but then I felt his hand finding his way to my belly. He held me from behind. My heart was beating fast, my body shaking a bit and I was panting.

"It's okay..." He whispered after his soft kiss on my neck.

###

This was my first erotic story, and I hope you enjoyed it! Please help me write better stories by sending your feedback, and don't forget to vote.

Thanks for reading,

Allen Moore