 He stepped into the train one car behind her. He knew she would get off in three stops, near the university, and kept himself turned away, toward the door to the next car. Making sure she did not change her usual pattern, he looked up at each stop, and at one, caught her looking at him. The glance was fleeting and their eyes did not connect.

 After they got off, he followed a half block behind. She wore an expensive looking tan raincoat and didn't look back. She turned into the neighborhood market as she usually did. He waited, staring through the window, until she checked out. When she came through the automatic door, he stepped forward and offered his hand to carry the grocery bags. She looked him full in the face and nodded.

 They walked, side by side, toward her apartment. She wasn't in a hurry, the exercise today had been hard. The instructors were women and seemed to want to make sure the class didn't think they were getting a wuss workout.

 In the kitchen, he put the bags on the counter. She opened the refrigerator and retrieved two bottles of expensive Belgian beer, using an opener and offering one to him. He took it and followed her down the hallway into her bedroom, which was decorated with an austere flowered wallpaper. The bed was large, with an antique mahogany headboard. 

 She hung the raincoat and gestured to follow to the bath. He stood a step behind her at the modern vanity with its large mirror. Their eyes locked as she raised her arms and undid the pony tail she used when she worked out. The odor of her sweaty body filled the room. She removed her tank and waved at him to do the same with his tee.

 Their eyes explored the other's body, gazing in the mirror. Her hands hoisted the workout bra over her head. She looked at his impressive hairy chest, and he inspected the flawless skin on her chest, interrupted by two modest breasts. Athlete breasts, without any fat. 

 She reached for a tube on the counter and handed it to him. He didn't read the label but squeezed a generous amount on his fingers and applied them to her front. She stepped back into him, her tight buttocks pressing against the lump in his trousers.

 No words passed between them as he massaged the lotion into her skin, catching the muscles and the firm breast tissue. He grasped the nipples between his thumbs and forefingers and they obligingly lengthened for him. He heard a slight catch in her breath. He leaned his head forward, poked his nose through her hair, and carefully licked sweat from the back of her neck. Her hands reached up and took a grip on his curly locks. Their faces carried faint smiles, and their lower bodies twitched against the other.

 She turned and placed her hands on his waist, fingers in his pants, urging them down. He followed her lead. Slowly, they edged the rest of their clothing off. 

 His very sensitive nose picked up multiple scents from her. Salt, adrenalin, genital secretions. Leftover cologne from dressing this morning. It excited him, and by the time she got his pants past his crotch, the erection sprang out in her face. Her fingers wrapped around its thickness and squeezed.

 He picked her up, ignoring a noise of protest, and walked them to her bed, pulling back the cover with a free hand.

 He licked her everywhere, loving the smell and the taste of a post-exercise woman. She tried to keep his head from between her legs and failed. He could taste everything he wanted there. Sweat, stale urine, fresh juice from her sex. He arranged her on hands and knees. She still said nothing, rocking under him in protest, and then acquiescence, and then a moaning desire for more. His hands were everywhere, finding muscles to prod and caress, a clit to pressure, the soft space between her cheeks to worry.

 His cock was large and flopping against her as they wrestled about. Finally, he pulled her back against him and placed the tip at her entrance, waiting for a signal.

 She thrust firmly, impaling herself on his large organ.

 With a grunt, she said, "Welcome back, Jeremy, how did you know I needed you?"

 He worked himself into her, driving a passage. He gave her cheek a glancing blow and pinched a nipple. 

 "Charlotte sent me to check up on you."

 "This is checking up?" She giggled at that.

 He withdrew and flipped her on her back. She lay there, eyes flashing and challenging him. His cock was big and purple and dripping her juice.

 "God, you are good for me. Why did I chase you away, after the drunken party?"

 "Aunts aren't supposed to fuck nephews. Are we going to finish? What about a boyfriend?"

 "Me first, do you have a girlfriend?"

 He smiled at her. "My English professor tried to teach me poetry and ended up on her back."

 He lay down and she climbed on him, laughing as her sex swallowed his pole again.

 "I like it up here. Why did you pretend to stalk me? How did you know I get hot and horny with my period?"

 "Do your other lovers say you talk too much?"

 She tossed her head and squeezed him hard. "You won't get any of that fine dinner if you tease me."

 The front door opened and closed in the distance, and she laughed again. "Now you are in trouble. That is my roommate, Celeste, with whom I share everything. Everything."

 He thrust into her once more and said, "Really?"

 A voice called out, "Andrea?" She answered, "In here."

 A face appeared in the doorway. "I'll be damned. Am I supposed to go away?"

 "No, come in and sit. I want you to meet Jeremy. He is visiting."

 Celeste walked slowly into the room, circling the bed. "Is this art, or just fucking?"

 "He is very handsome, isn't he?"

 "Very. Does a curious lesbian get to check him out?"

 "Fix yourself a drink, grab the lotion from the bathroom, drop your clothes and come back."

 She was squeezing and bouncing, keeping him nice and hard. He said, "What's the story?"

 "She is in sociology, and I am in biochem. We are off and on lovers. You will like her."

 Celeste appeared, drink in hand, and pirouetted for them. "Where did that body come from?"

 "She is a runner. Was a varsity runner at Georgetown. Makes my life miserable on Saturday mornings."

 Celeste leaned in and kissed both of them. He passed a hand across her nipples and she shivered. Andrea reached and dragged the roommate to her front, straddled across Jeremy's chest. Celeste looked a little worried about the suddenness of the intimate position.

 Jeremy's hands pulled on the stiff nipples and she followed them down to his lips. While the kiss went on and on, his hands shifted to her hips and urged her forward where his tongue could go to work.

 Andrea leaned around and applied her own lips to Celeste. "That's a good girl. I do believe in sharing. I am going to get off, without even coming, and let you discover his loving ways."

 With Andrea spreading lotion generously, Celeste and Jeremy were soon coupled tightly.

 She closed her eyes, "My god, Andrea, I haven't been home ten minutes, and you've got me in an orgy with this handsome brute."

 "He's not happy with girls who talk too much."

 Jeremy underlined that by flipping his latest conquest over and driving his cock into her from the rear. "I want to see some girl-girl action. " He arranged them one above the other, and took turns spearing their dripping sex.

 He stopped and said, "Maybe I shouldn't be doing this."

 They howled at him. "Bastard, we will murder you if we don't come. Get back in there."

 The finish was very physical. His cock took a beating from cunts getting back at him. Finally, he said, "It's time, girls. NOW!"

 He stood and looked at them in each other's arms, still shaking. He retrieved towels and tossed them to the bed as he went to the kitchen for drinks.

 "He has wrecked us for girl sex. How do we keep him around?"

 "My sister sent him, but he hasn't told me why."

 He said, "It's complicated. I'm a year out from my degree and still don't have a real job. And I don't have a girlfriend. And Andrea doesn't have a boyfriend." He ran his fingers through Celeste's blond hair. "She suspects you of seducing Andrea."

 "What are you doing for money?"

 "Part time, I have been doing chores for the cheese company. But also disappearing unannounced for weeks, which we will talk about another time. I like Washington. If you want me to stick around, I could provide boyfriend services, but Charlotte may not approve."

 Andrea looked at him and said, "We are getting dressed and taking you out for dinner. Celeste might as well hear about Charlotte."

 Al's Burgers was actually several notches above a joint. But it started out that way and the name stuck. There were tablecloths, which impressed me. And a round of properly made margaritas was another mark in the restaurant's favor. The women looked over the top of their menus. "We do veggies, but the meat dishes are great."

 They ordered and worked on the drinks. Eyes darting around, avoiding me. I stared hard at them, concentrating on not blinking.

 Andrea said, "Stop that. You are the only man I know who can do an unblinking stare. First time you did that to me, I nearly wet my pants."

 Celeste asked, "How long have you known each other?"

 He took Celeste's hand and licked the back of it. 

 "Andrea, he is awful. My body hasn't ever been this excited around a man before."

 "Yes, when he turns on the male, it hits you hard. He was fifteen when I came over the first time to see America and help with the business. He was handsome then, but still a boy. I was nineteen, not a virgin, but more interested in college girls than guys."

 She took a long swallow of her drink and continued, "Three years later, he was a college freshman. We were both at his mom's house on a break, and he asked me to a party. It was nice, with lots of booze and skinny swimming in a pool, and action in dark corners. We were kissing and feeling each other up, and he said he was horny as sin and did I need some special attention."

 Celeste watched as the lovers intertwined their fingers and kissed, slowly and gently. "Please, this is hot. Tell me the rest."

 "I said no, but he kissed me harder and reached under my skirt to rub between my legs. Now I was as horny as he was. He put his fingers wet with me in my mouth and I had a mini-orgasm, clutching his shoulders and shaking. He boosted me up with hands around my bottom and my legs around his waist, and walked us into the darkest corner, where his big, hard cock was in me before I really knew it. He kept whispering in my ear about how nice I was, and how much better sex was with me than with his girlfriend at school."

 They were still having little kisses and laughing. The burgers arrived and conversation stopped while they ate. Hunger made the food go down fast. Andrea said, "I'll pay up if Celeste fixes dessert at home."

 They were sitting on the back patio when Jeremy resumed the story. "We lay out there on the wet grass in the dark, coming off a terrific high. She stood and pulled me up and kissed me again and told me I was a very bad man and relatives were not supposed to have sex. We walked out hand in hand, but the next morning she said never again."

 Celeste smiled at them and said, "But he got you today. Was that the first time since then?"

 Andrea smiled and kissed him yet again. "Yes. He pretended to stalk me on the train, but when I walked out of the store, he looked me straight in the eyes and took the grocery bag. I knew he had me right then. But he was decent about it. Didn't force me, not much anyway. I'm getting my period and my body was saying yes way before I was. What did you think when I told you to get naked?"

 "I could tell from the look in your eyes you were having fantastic sex. So I had the same problem, my brain was saying no cock, but my pussy was tingling and leaking, watching the two of you going at it."

 "He is going to get a swelled head, listening to us tell him how he got us without a fight."

 He walked over and kissed each of them equally hard. "I've never had girlfriends who were lovers before. Does this threeway business work?"

 Andrea poured white wine into three glasses and answered, "Beats me. Never tried it before. That was almost a cock virgin pussy you were in just now." She smiled at him, but her eyes were open and vulnerable.

 Celeste whispered, "Me too."

 He hugged them tighter. "Hey, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that alpha male thing."

 Andrea pushed him away. "We just had great sex on your alpha male cock and we loved it. We are shaking and hugging and wondering what happens next. Will you sleep over?"

 "If he stays around, will we get jealous? Will we fight over his cock?"

 His running shorts were barely keeping his cock down.

 "Are you going to tell us about the Charlotte business?"

 "What she said and what she meant appear to be two different things."

 Andrea explained to Celeste, "Charlotte is his older sister. Very smart, pretty and dominating. Has terrible problems with men. Been through three love affairs and one marriage."

 Turning to her grown up and incredibly sexy nephew, she asked, "Is Charlotte using you again to project her frustrations on me?"

 All three of them moved to the bedroom, shedding clothes.

 "Why didn't I know you have this fabulous roommate with the incredible body, who goes both ways. At least she does now." 

 He smirked at them and got smacked about the head in return. They put him on his back and sat on him, carefully avoiding the item that was getting hard.

 He asked, "You are being awfully nice. Am I invited to sleep right here?"

 The women looked each other, laughed, and said, "Do you promise good behavior?"

 "I wake up hard in the morning. Do you like sunrise sex?"

 They fell over giggling and kissed him from both sides. His arms went around them and he said, "Somewhere, Charlotte got a dose of frigid. She needs thawing out. What if you invite her down for a weekend."

 "What about your report to her about Andrea's sex life?"

 They were pestering his hard member and he growled, "Leave him alone." He hesitated, and added, "just for now."

 He went on, "You tell her that Celeste went on a movie date with me and I will call as soon as we get back. That will sound too too terribly normal. Then you ask her to come down since it has been so long since you have seen each other, and Jeremy is already around."

 He had them on their fronts and was massaging lotion into tense leg muscles. 

 Andrea said, "She would not think naked massage of both of us side by side was normal."

 He worked his hands north and gripped the muscled behinds as hard as he could. "I see I need to behave. These are serious jock bodies."

 They stuck their fingers in each other's mouths and giggled. The hands worked farther north and the giggles turned into quiet moans. 

 "You are earning your sleepover. But we run early. No sex until later."

 Celeste eased herself crosswise to Andrea, with her head on the hard rump. He kissed her forehead and tangled his fingers in her long hair.

 "You wouldn't really take me on a movie date, would you? Does anyone do that?"

 He lay with his head also cushioned by Andrea's butt and pulled the roommate to him. 

 "You said I would be in trouble with Celeste. Doesn't seem that way."

 "Jeremy, you aren't supposed to ignore me."

 Celeste jammed her tongue in his mouth, so neither of them could say anything.

 Andrea rolled them off and pounced, using her sharp teeth.

 He said, "Make the phone call. Celeste and I will pretend we are at the movies."

 She gave them a dirty look but he was already romancing his date with another bout of kissing.

 "Charlotte! You are there. Am I disturbing anything?"

 "Yes, he arrived this afternoon. What are you feeding him? The muscles are enormous. He says he doesn't have a girlfriend but that is hard to believe. How do you survive his studly self in the house?"

 Celeste and Jeremy were rolling around, trying desperately to keep quiet.

 "No, he is being the gentleman and asked my roommate, Celeste, for a movie date of all things. They won't be back for a while."

 "Yes, please give Nicola my best, even if she is my hated older sister."

 "No, I didn't mean that. I'm still, after all this time, getting over my jealousy about her being the first family member to reach America."

 "Listen, the reason I called is to invite you to come down for the weekend. There are all kinds of things going on, and I thought the four of us could have fun, catching up."

 "Oh Charlotte, don't be a spoilsport, you can repaint the bedroom any old time."

 "Good. We will meet the train at 11."

 She smiled at them. "Ok?"

 Celeste and I grabbed Andrea and pestered all parts we could reach. "Stop, you devils. You are supposed to be after her, not me." But she twisted around and worked herself onto my hard cock, sliding down and smiling at us from on top.

 "Jeremy, we are really going to seduce Charlotte?"

 He kept her insides busy with a series of little thrusts, and said, "There are three of us and one of her. I will use male skills on her, and you will use girl skills. She doesn't have a chance. Do you have something to put in her drink?"

 The next morning, he decided to have Andrea collect Charlotte from the train, so that he and Celeste could arrange a warm welcome. 

 Problem was, Celeste wanted more of him. "It's not fair that Andrea gets you whenever she wants." He was on his back and she was on his chest, naked under her skirt.

 "I am supposed to be saving up for Charlotte. Don't you want to be part of showing her what real sex is all about?"

 "Hold me and pull up the cover."

 They lay there with eyes closed. She was warm and wiggling, her pubic bone rubbing on a hard part of him. She whispered, "Do you believe in having more than one girlfriend?"

 His hands eased the skirt higher and pressed down on the muscled behind. Her breath caught and she moaned, "You are so bad. I am going to come, just like this."

 She did, and chewed on his ear as she called him names. "I'm territorial. I've never had a guy hold me and get me off like this. I never thought I could have a nice soft orgasm like that. This is very bad."

 He gave her one more minute of bliss and went to get a damp towel. She pulled her legs apart and gave him a sultry look. He cleaned up and told her she was the finest roommate he had ever met. She got up, pulled on panties, and punched him. "You better not go away."

 Andrea returned with Charlotte, who was in her dictatorial element within minutes of arriving. "Andrea, this is a fine apartment, but needs work."

 "Work?"

 "Yes. The furnishings are awful and the kitchen arrangement is substandard."

 "Sis, it's just a university apartment."

 Charlotte was deflated, realizing this was the wrong place to spend any money.

 She hugged Andrea and asked where Jeremy had gotten to. "He and my roommate are fixing up the extra bedroom for you."

 Celeste and Jeremy arrived at that moment and got hugs. "Aunt Charlotte, you are looking good. How is your love life?" His eyes were sparkling.

 "Jeremy, if you tease me about men friends, I will get very angry..."

 He hugged her and kissed her and she struggled in his arms. "You are a terrible nephew, Jeremy."

 He released her. "We have the most beautiful woman in ten counties come to visit, and she rejects me. I am heartbroken." He sat down, head in hands, and moaned.

 Charlotte pulled his hair and said, "Jeremy, you stop that nonsense. You know darn well I don't have a boyfriend right now. That Fred guy walked out on me, I can't understand why."

 "If you promise not to get mad, I'll tell you what I heard him mutter on the way out the door."

 "Tell me this minute."
