 Thanks to TechReader for kind assistance.

*****

The Taste of Forbidden Fruits

The other day my girlfriend Julia came up with a surprise for me, which turned out to be nothing less than a revolution in our love life. For in the last couple of years of our rather happy ten-year-relationship, sex had become not only rare and rarer, but also kind of uninspired.

I like her physically a lot, especially her firm and round bum, and I keep myself in shape as well. However, she seemed to have lost her erotic imagination, as she hadn't come up with any sexual fantasies for some years and was very reluctant to put mine into practice. All my cautious suggestions of including a third person or another couple into erotic extravagances were turned down on the apprehension that this would probably trigger jealousy and lead to emotional instability. Sex only happened between the two of us, in our bedroom, in a set of conversant positions. This changed dramatically with the events I want to tell you about. 

The starting point was a complicated project she had been managing at work. I spent whole nights discussing complex matters with her, helped her wherever I could and ran the household more or less on my own for several weeks. Somehow I expected her to express her gratefulness in a sexual way, so I was not overly surprised when things got started - yet excited and horny.

Julia had finished the project that day and told me to be at her disposal after work. She greeted me with a passionate, wet kiss at the door, which made me want more. So I was disappointed when she stopped my hands running her thighs up reaching her round butt-cheeks. Obviously, she had other plans.

"Today I am in charge; it won't be to your disadvantage", Julia let me know with a convincing smile and pushed me towards the bedroom. There she lit some candles that produced a soft light and started to undress me, while caressing my chest and bum and complimenting me on my well-shaped, masculine body. With just my shorts on she pushed me onto the bed, kissing my nipples and finally removed her top and bra so that her just slightly hanging, medium sized boobs swung into my face. 

These wonderful parts of her body caught all my attention for a while, so I didn't realize what she was doing with her hands above my head until it made "click" at my wrists and I found myself handcuffed to the bedposts. Now things started to get out of our sex-routine. 

We exchanged some lecherous looks as she continued with my ankles, which got bound to the posts at the end of the bed. My legs were inevitably spread and I felt kind of vulnerable even with my shorts still in place. By grabbing my balls through the thin cotton and giving them a slightly painful squeeze she demonstrated successfully that I was in fact vulnerable and entirely in her hands now.

This new situation made my excitement, which was pictured vividly by the growing rod in my pants since her tits had touched my face, reach a new level. Next she gave me another passionate kiss, while rubbing my erection through the pants, and suddenly produced a blindfold, which she brought in place hastily. Deprived of the possibilities to watch and touch I could only guess from the sounds that she rid herself of her skirt and panties and finally I could smell from the intimate and familiar aroma of her delicious pussy that she lowered her pelvis onto my face. I started to lick her sensual, padded pussy lips greedily, hoping she would soon turn around into 69 and get my throbbing cock into her mouth as well.

Instead, all of a sudden I was torn from my sex gratification by the doorbell. Who the fuck could that be? "Don't go", I mumbled into Julia's wet slit, but to my astonishment and anger, off she went. She didn't even close the door! I heard some whispered conversation, but could figure out neither who she was talking to nor what she was talking about. Finally I was relieved to hear the door being closed - but froze a few seconds later in my already fixed position when I heard footsteps of clearly more than one person coming down the corridor. My horror of being exposed with a rock hard erection, bound to the bed, without being able to see who was watching me, let at least my erection dwindle. When the delegation reached the bedroom no one spoke a single word. There was just breathing, mine, Julia's and some other.

Then I heard zippers being opened and clothes falling on the floor. Gradually I realized what Julia might have in mind. Suddenly her hand was sliding oh so gently over my belly to my chest ... or was it someone else's hand? There are anatomical limitations! For now there were four, five or even six hands caressing me, kisses of different mouths were applied to my cheeks and then there was a tender tongue, that definitely wasn't Julia's, licking over my closed lips, moistening them. Warm flesh was lowered into one of my bound hands at the bedpost and it took me a second and some gentle kneading to realize that this was the big juicy breast of a stranger. Wait a second! Stranger? Didn't Annabel, Julia's hot friend from university, have boobs roughly that size? Anyway, they felt great. 

At the same time other boobs with erect nipples glided southwards over my excited stomach, they even touched my hard cock that urged out of his cotton prison. I thrust upwards only to earn a slap on my balls. Then finally someone ripped my trunks of and suddenly all the attention was on my rod. Damn, that was heaven! Three (?) girls were licking my shaft from base to top, from time to time engulfing the head with their lips. I surely recognized and liked it when it was Julia who took me into her mouth; however, the unfamiliar lips and tongues of the other girls gave me a special thrill.

In my mind I pictured all the girls Julia knew with my cock in their mouth, for I got no hint on the identity of my caressing favorers. This had, by the way, the long term effect that every time I meet a friend of her ever since, I wonder whether it was her mouth that gave me pleasure and her tits that lay in my hands that memorable evening. After some minutes of giving me oral pleasure they realized that I was close to coming and left my cock alone. Instead someone slipped two wet fingers into my mouth moving them provokingly slowly in and out - they definitely tasted like Julia's pussy but at the same time they were too small to be Julia's fingers. So the girls must have been occupied with each other as well! This thought almost pushed me over the edge without any physical contact.

However, they turned to seek their own pleasure now. A pussy was put in front of my mouth and with a determined grasp into my hair the women behind it pulled my face up to her snatch. I started licking the clit with the unfamiliar heavy scent, while Julia, as I suspected soon, started to ride my cock. Sisterly as girls are, they were taking turns then in using my mouth and my cock for their arousal. One pussy was especially tight; it made me afraid of cumming instantly, when it would push itself onto my almost bursting cock the next time. But I didn't want this to end - never. And the girls took care to prolong it, Julia stopping her co-workers several times when I was about to explode. She simply knows the signs of it.

They wanted me to last until they were all pleasured. And we were getting closer to that goal. One woman came on my face, spreading juices over my mouth and chin, while the other one was riding me in a backward position and the third one (that must have been Julia) seemed to take turns licking my balls and her friend's clit. I really couldn't stand this any longer; I was close to fade out.

Luckily the girl eagerly squeezing my cock with her tight pussy, rocking up and down unrhythmically, and finally climaxed, probably with the help of Julia's tongue. The short moan she let out was the first verbal expression of the last thirty minutes or however long it may have taken. However, as she released my quivering boner from her tight pussy, and it fired of spurt after spurt of boiling semen into the air and probably on everyone within a radius of two meters, I couldn't stop myself from screaming loud in pleasure and release, so that the entire neighborhood must have shared my fulfilled sex dream.

Afterwards the girls huddled against me for some minutes. Feeling their warm and tender bodies and all the soft skin, their slender hands all over me, in a state of complete relaxation was almost the best part of this ménage a quatre. Finally they got up and got dressed, giving me a silent farewell kiss on my exhausted member and departed without leaving any hint on their identity.

This was the way Julia prevented jealousy while making my dream of group-sex finally come true. However, it wasn't a once in a lifetime experience but rather had an enduring effect on our love life. When we had dinner that evening in a cozy restaurant, Julia articulated further reaching implications over her second glass of wine: "Because we are an emancipated couple I demand equal treatment. I don't care where you find them, but bring me some nice big cocks."

...to be continued?

Julius Hase