 Authors note:

Although the title might suggest otherwise, all characters in this story are at least 18 years old. The title is derived from the event on which the story concentrates in the Chapters 1 and 2. 'Teen' meaning here being of the age of 18 and 19. 

------------

Saturday night. My boyfriend and I were going to a pub. But even before I had dressed the doorbell rang. It was Jamie. He stood there with one of his friends. He had only dropped by to say that he wouldn't come along, he'd go to a stupid football game instead. And afterwards they would have a beer at his friends. Jamie being my senior with one year was nearly 20, and his friend seemed the same age.

As they took of I thought to myself, "Bastard, now this is the fifth time in succession that you pull my leg. I'll get back to you somehow, you dickhead."

I called my girlfriend Alicia.

"Hey Jodie!" she screamed.

"What are you doing tonight," I asked her.

She said something vague about some party at a rich friend of hers. As I explained what Jamie had just pulled on me she told me: "Hey girl, why don't you come along. Pull on something funny and get yourself over here very fast, okay?" 

As I wanted to hang up she shouted that it had to be something really light, because it was always very very hot where we were going. I didn't think much about it and pulled on a nice set of lingerie, and dressed into a spacious summer dress that nearly showed everything, but not quite. It was a while ago that I had worn this. Anyway, I would only go for an hour or two and then return home, to wait on my boyfriend.

It was about ten minutes by bike to my friend. As I arrived at her place and she opened the door in her bathrobe, she told me I had to put my bike inside; we would be picked up by car. As I put my bike inside, she ran to the shower, where she took off her robe and began to wash her hair.

"I'll be with you soon," she said. 

I went into the living room and got myself something to drink. Since we know each other for more than ten years I know my way around her place. She had just turned twenty and I'm a year younger, still one month under 19. I think she has a greater body than me, but she thinks otherwise. Her long blonde hair is very pretty and her tits and ass are really awesome. I myself have long dark hair, and my full C-cup is presentable. But I'm less satisfied with my ass and legs.

I was waiting a bit, but than it was taking quite some time, so I decided to see what took her so long. I walked to the bathroom and went inside without knocking. We had seen each other naked before. As I walked in I saw her sitting on the floor with her legs spread. The shower was spraying hot water directly on her pussy. I was a bit shocked, but so was she. She stood up and mumbled something like "sorry, I did not hear you."

"Oh dear," I said with a smile on my face. "Everybody does it, so it doesn't matter."

I walked back and moments later she followed me and gave me a kiss on my mouth.

"Thank you," she said, "because you understand."

As she sat on the couch next to me, she looked at me rather peculiar. "So you do it sometimes as well," she said.

"Oh yes," I said, "since my Jamie recently drinks more than he fucks me I'm doing it with myself more often. I have to."

She seemed relieved as I said that. She told me she needed a little bit more time for putting on make-up, but she would be ready soon.

When she was gone I put my hand inside my panties for a while. As I slid my finger through my coochie I felt I was immensely wet down there. God, was she a tasty little thing! Her beautiful nice tits and horny open cunt as I stepped into the bathroom, hmmmmm. She yelled something from her room but I could not understand what she said, so I walked over to her. She stood naked before the mirror again and said it was a different party than I thought.

She sayd: "Please sit down." 

And as she took a sexy dress from her closet, she down beside me. 

She said: "Jodie, listen up. Before I take you with me you must know that it will be a rather hot party." 

I was quite curious now and told her I think it was exciting. She continued saying "If you join, you must do as follows. There are some rules you must abide to."

"OK," I said, "it won't be too difficult."

"Now just wait and hear me out," she said. "Rule number one: you are not allowed to wear any underwear."

"Allright," I said, that I can do. I was still getting wetter all the time.

"Rule two: At the door where we will ring the bell, they want to make sure that you have nothing on you. So they search you really really thorough. And everywhere Jodie." 

Hmmm, I nodded.

"Rule three," Alicia said, "You can not say anything to anyone, except when you are asked a question. And finally rule four: You must do everything you are told."

Now I was shocked a bit. She saw this and said: "There's one big advantage. Well, actually two. First, when you leave in the end they will give you two grand, and secondly, you will be fucked a lot. By men and women..."

Hmmm, that thought alone got me over the line.

"... but mostly by young and searing men. The majority of the guests at these parties are young adults between 18 and 21 years old. Mostly single men from well to do families, the rich and famous. That's also why we're picked up by a limo. And after all, these parties are concluded, really very hush hush. You must also bring your ID, so the driver can verify your age."

Luckily I had my ID in my purse. "OK," I said, "I will go along."

"We have to hurry now because the car will be here in ten minutes."

I got undressed and threw my panties and bra on her bed. She looked at me very horny and couldn't resist stroking my ass.

"So," she said, "they will be very happy with this. They are crazy about asses."

We both got into our dress and she put on some make-up. As the doorbell rang, we quickly stepped outside and got into the back seat of the car. The driver scrutinized my ID before driving off, and was apparently familiar with Elise. Because the seat was quite deep, our dresses crawled up giving the driver a good view on our pussies.

I think we drove more than an hour before we put into the drive to a big house. We got out of the car and walked toward the big mansion. As Alicia rang the bell a large black man answered the door, neatly dressed in a lackey's suit. He let us in and told us to wait. The nerves shrieked down my throat.

When he came back he was accompanied by a handsome guy in his mid-thirties. They told us to walk along and took us to a little room. As we entered we had to undress. Once done they looked at us sternly.

"You, just bend over for us", they told Alicia. Alicia did what was asked and showed her beautiful pussy and ass at the two men. The black man stood behind her and pulled his hard big dong out. Without a single word he shoved his mighty cock deep into her twat in one thrust. She moaned softly and I saw her beautiful tits shake as the black was fucking her brutally.

"You come here," said the other man to me. "Suck me until I come."

I heard Alicia's sighs and groans of pleasure as the black stallion began to fuck her even rougher. I sucked the man in front of me and very soon I tasted his sperm in my mouth. I also savored the taste of another cunt on his dick. I sensed he had fucked earlier that evening. The black got his cock out of Alicia's cunt, who had cum herself. Now he got behind me and started to finger my cunt. His thick dick, which was still wet from Alicia's juices, lay in the grease of my buttocks. I had to keep the cock of the man before me in my mouth and suck him hard again. The black behind me fingered me now with three fingers, and he grabbed his still wet tool and put it against my ass.

"No," I said, "I never ......," was all I could say, for the man in front of me grabbed my hair and told me I was not allowed to say anything. He dragged me to my girlfriend and I had to put my mouth on her cunt, and finish her off.

My ass was still up in the air and the black man was no longer at ease. He shoved his device inside my ass without mercy. I wanted to scream, but Alicia grabbed my face and pushed me tightly against her squirming cunt. She was coming. After being fucked in my backdoor for some ten minutes the black guy emptied the hot load from his big balls deep in my ass. The men walked away and told us to get dressed.

When they were gone I wanted to clean myself with my hands, but Alicia hissed not to do so.

"Just let the sperm leak out. It's a good lubricant for the hours to come."

And as I felt the sperm of that thick black cock trickle out of my ass, right past my pussy and my legs, I started to feel horny again.

"You really know how to give good head, I say," my girlfriend said. She stood also with a leaking pussy from all those salacious juices.

When the door opened again a hot girl greeted us. She seemed to be the young side of 20. She told us to follow her. She didn't wear any clothes and her small firm tits shivered with every step she made. She led us into a new room and told us what the idea of tonight was. We had to undress and put on a mask. Since there were important visitors today everyone had to wear a mask. We were given a mask that only covered the face around our eyes and our forehead. As we walked on she put on a mask herself. We arrived in a big hall where about twenty other naked girls were gathered, all more or less our age, all wearing a mask.

"The guests will arrive soon. You do as you're told, and if you are really good you will receive an extra bonus."

We lumped down next to each other on a heap of cushions. All girls were lying around, on settees and cushions spread throughout the room. The name of the girl that had fetched us was Holly. I heard form Alicia that she was the daughter of the host and hostess.

"You will probably go with her tonight, to pleasure her and her parents," Alicia said to me, "But I see another new girl as well, look over there." I saw a young chick with big breasts and a shaved pussy. I myself have a nice thin stripe of pubes and my shaved lips stood slightly apart already from lust.

When the guests entered the room, I saw only young men, all around the age of twenty. Every single one of them had a hard-on. They came in all sorts, large, small, thick, thin, muscular, and everything in between. They were put together in the middle of the room. And it was silent. The boys all had a mask on. You could not recognize anyone here.

Suddenly a group of people entered through the large door, among them the girl named Holly, the black man, the host and hostess. The host turned out to be the same man I was forced to give a blowjob as we arrived at the mansion. The host stepped forward and said a few words.

"... You do as you please, but leave the cat to us."

I realized that the cat had to be me, since I had been given a mask portraying a kitten. The young men in the center rushed into all directions. One came to Alicia and I thought I recognized that dick: not too big, sturdy, and very little pubic hair. When the boy said to Alicia that she had to follow him, I was shocked. It was my friend who now was going to fuck my best friend. Hmm, I thought, I'll surprise him later at home. My friend and my girlfriend walked to the middle of the room, and suddenly everything flew off the handle. I heard the moaning and panting of men and women fucking. Everywhere around me I saw stiff cocks going into horny caves. Also, some girls were merciless fucked in the ass or they were forced to suck cock. I thought this had to be the highlight of the evening, but boy, was I wrong.

Holly came over to me and my cunnie started to feel horny already. She sat next to me and without saying anything, she put two fingers inside my cunt.

She came close to me and said, "Do you see that, all these fucking people?"

I nodded yes.

"It will soon be much worse though. The men have to come four times tonight, all of them, before the women can leave. So after the men have lost their first load, the women will soon start to play with each other. Dildos and machines will be brought into play in order to make those horny cocks stiff again."

My pussy dripped with pussy juice from this horny story. As Holly fingered my clit I panting and groaning reached a climax. Drops of fluid from my pussy fell on the couch where I was sitting.

"Come with me," she said, "I know what you need."

to be continued...