 "I don't want you taking over the place," Julie said. "I just need someone there who isn't afraid of work and will be good with people."

I laughed, "Heavens forbid I should try to take over." 

"Well you certainly took over here," Julie whispered as she slid my rather substantial cock back into her mouth.

Lightly brushing her hair aside so I could see her take all of me into her mouth and throat, I just sighed a bit and wondered what else good could happen this week.

Watching Julie's head move back and forth on my dick I was amazed at her ability to swallow me whole and marveled as her throat got visibly larger each time she swallowed me to the balls.

I could feel the cum boiling up in me as I lightly guided Julie to slow down. Just as she pulled all the way back and the head of my dick was in her mouth, I started to cum. Julie just moaned a little and began to swallow my offerings. Never missing a drop and as the head of my dick became more sensitive, Julie, ever the considerate cocksucker, slowed down and eased up on her suction.

Buttoning my pants, I told her I'd be there the following morning and I'd give her some feedback as to how it looked.

Let me back up a little. Julie is a nice person who just got off on the wrong foot with me. Being old enough to be her father, I took offense at the way she tried to treat the others and me that applied for work with her agency.

Let's just say we had a meeting of the minds and hers lost. After a good session over my knee she learned her place in the world and accepted the fact that I was not going to be intimidated. So I just let her know that if I felt she was not giving me work in favor of someone else she'd hear about it in MY way bent over the desk but there were times like today when I took it easy on her. The last time she tried to be a little testy, I had her bent over her desk and literally nailed her ass. She USED to be a virgin there but not anymore and she also loves it too much to make that a good punishment.

The real problem was she just had too much power for someone who didn't have the training to use it. Her first mistake was trying to intimidate someone who'd been shot at and missed. Her second mistake was looking at my package instead of my face. That was the dead give-away that she could be had. Then when she complied completely with one of my more exotic requests, wearing garter belts, stockings, skirts and no bra whenever she knew for sure I was coming to the office, I knew I had a winner. I should say at this point that Julie was only 4'10" and perfectly proportioned with cute little cupcake breasts that were a very fine 34 B.

On with the rest of my story.

Retirement, what a beautiful word. The only problem is I was retired at age 40. I was o longer in the military and with a lot of management behind me but not a lot of marketable skills. The one thing I had personally was not considered a marketable skill but for me it was a way of life. Some folks said I was "overbearing" others said "masterful," I just figured I was a dominant personality. Yes, I could handle a multi-million dollar budget, yes, I could direct the work of over 100 people, but the most marketable skill I have going into the civilian world is the ability to type 100 words a minute and LEARN just about anything.

I got the call from Julie at the temp agency to fill in for a building maintenance man who was going on vacation in a month I showed up for work 30 minutes early to make sure I knew where I was going and talk with the man I was going to cover for. I was relieved when John showed up 10 minutes after me. It was a pleasure to see someone else showing up for work on time without apology.

He explained that what I would be doing mostly was a "goffer" job, keeping the office cubicles supplied with paper and supplies and also light maintenance during an upcoming move. I would be arraigning offices and in general keeping Phyllis, the facilities/building manager, happy. . John showed me around and introduced me to the folks that handled large leasing contracts and the accounting for them that were necessary. He also introduced me to Phyllis, the building facilities manager. She was a nice looking lady, not one that I would look at twice on the street. Attractive enough with "ok" legs, dirty blonde hair to her shoulders and a nice shape with adequate tits and a mouth that was a little overly full, but a snotty attitude that comes from someone who feels they have the right, just because they went to college. I didn't have the heart to let her know that I used to have people like her working for me.

The first week was interesting, meeting a lot of the new folks there and finding out any special needs that may come up. Some required more attention than others but for the most part it was going to be an easy four weeks

I think I surprised Phyllis when I showed up at her door the first day on my own and asked if there was anything that needed to be taken care of that day. She said no, but to be available since they were expecting a shipment of supplies that were to last us a week. The way she said no, just grated on me as if I was to be at HER beck and call. Well if that's what it took to stay employed until the job was done I would keep my mouth shut and do as required. 

About 10 AM I got a call in the small office I was in to come to Phyllis' office. Stepping into the office I was greeted with the lovely sight of Phyllis bent hunched over her desk and the view down her blouse made me reassess my opinion of how she was built. She was fun to watch the way she tried to straighten herself up in the chair when I went into her office, and was told that I had a moving job to do. She was wary of asking me to do something that involved anything not covered in my job description. I let her know that she was the "boss" and as far as I was concerned anything she needed doing in the building came under the heading of "other duties as required." Boy did I have to catch up with the civilian world.

I started to move the pallets into the downstairs office; I took it upon myself to spread a plastic tarp on the carpet and moved everything to the far side. After three hours of steady working, Phyllis paged me so I dropped what I was doing and went up to her office. She wanted to know where I was and what I was doing. Now normally I'm not used to someone questioning my where-abouts but I let her know I was moving the pallets as requested. Looking out her window she saw that there were only about 10 left out of the two hundred that were there and she seemed pleased. 

I went back to work and just about the time I was doing the last few, she decided to make a walk through to see how I was doing. Walking into the downstairs area she noted where the pallets were and the precautions taken to lessen any damage and walked out without saying a word.

Having finished in what I thought was a good time, I went to the office to let her know the task was completed and find out if anything else needed done before I made a supply run. I found her just outside her office talking to one of the accountants. Imagine my shock when she immediately got in my face about the job. Saying she wanted them in the office area, NOT the supply area. She could have said that when she was down there and we were alone but for some reason she thought she needed to reprimand me in front of everyone in the area.

For the previous week she had been rude, and abrupt with me although I just wrote it off as a personality glitch. This totally took me by surprise and I just said, "Your office, NOW", and walked into her office to await her. Not allowing her to finish the butt chewing she thought she could get by with.

I was standing by her door when she came storming into the office and as I softly closed the door behind her she spun around and I told her very quietly and calmly that she had no right to do what she just did. She immediately pulled herself up to her full 5'6" size and said she did. Then I just let her know that maybe with John, but NOT with me. In fact I was owed an apology. I was owed such an apology that she would not only give me one now she would also apologize to the folks that witnessed her little temper tantrum.

She blanched at that thought. I took a step towards her and said I was waiting. Staring into her eyes I saw the first glimmer of what she was, a bully because she could get by with it. Well she wasn't getting by with it with me. She looked up and said she'd fire me. I said go for it. Seeing I didn't care or had nothing to lose caused her to take a step back. Pressing the advantage, I took another step towards her until the back of her thighs were backed against the desk in her office, I quietly said, I'm waiting.

This battle of wills seemed to go on for an hour but in reality it only lasted about 30 seconds. She slowly lowered her eyes and said she was sorry. Sorry what, I asked. Sorry I embarrassed you in front of the others out there, she replied. Sorry, WHAT, I asked a little more forcefully. It was then she finally caught on, and you could see her shiver inside, as if someone stepped on her grave. I'm sorry Sir, she said. Hearing that made me go one step further. Reaching out to caress her cheek I let my fingers trail down the front of her blouse and gently flicked her nipple, which was already erect.

That's much better, I replied. I went on to tell her if she didn't like my work tell ME, not everyone in the building. She kept her head down, and just said yes Sir. Seeing the position she was in I took one step closer to her, she couldn't back up any further, I just reached out and lifted her chin until she was looking me in the eyes, I told her, she was the boss out side the office but remember this little exchange. Rude behavior would NOT be tolerated.

She simply said yes Sir. 

I then went to the door, and double checked to make sure the door was locked then turned around, and told her to come to me. She looked around as if someone else may be in the office and would be witness to this, and then took the first tentative step towards me. Then another until she was within a foot of me, I slowly lifted my hands and placing one on her shoulder and the other stroking her cheek, moving her hair up and away from her ear, I started to press down on her shoulder, not harshly but steady.


She slowly sank to her knees and looking up at me, I only looked down and nodded. She then raised her slender fingers to my fly and unbuttoning the 501's I was wearing nudged my dick out and took it into her mouth. Standing there, I removed my hands from her shoulder and head, resting my hands on my hips so I could have an unobstructed view of her taking me into her mouth as far as she could then slowly pulling away until only the head of my dick was in her mouth. Slowly at first then she started to get into it as she started to suck with more enthusiasm. Reaching up with one hand to wrap her fingers around the base of my dick, she started to jack me off along with the blowjob. I just took her hand and removed it. I told her she was only to suck me, nothing else. 

Phyllis was good. I have to admit, her tongue and the light scraping of her teeth had me hard instantly. I could feel her tongue caress the underside of my dick and her sharp teeth as they dragged across the top of my dick until just behind the crown. Reaching into my Levi's she cuddled my balls and gently squeezed them as she was sucking my dick. She took all 8 inches into her mouth with the head just past the entrance of her throat. Breathing through her nose and attempting to swallow gave me the nicest sensation. Her talented tongue and the suction she was putting on my dick caused it to swell even more than normal. I knew I wouldn't last long, so taking a step back I could hear the audible plop as my dick separated itself from her mouth. She took a step forward on her knees and reaching up to recapture her prize. I looked down at her and just shook my head no.

I tucked myself back into my pants and unlocking the door, I looked back and said, "I think we know where we stand with each other now, don't we."

Phyllis only looked at the floor and nodded as I opened the door and walked out, slowly closing it behind me.

I moved quickly to the outside door and as I walked by her office I noticed you could not only see everything that went on inside, but she was still on her knees. Reaching into my shirt pocket, I pulled my cell phone out and dialed her number.

The reaction was comical as she was startled, then scrambled, still on her knees and answered her phone, I told her she could stand when I was not there. 

I walked out the door closing it after me and just smiled at the little redhead in the first booth. I don't think she saw Phyllis on her knees but I could tell she had been listening, trying to hear what went on in the office.

Since it was almost lunch, I introduced myself and asked her to join me. I found out her name was Vivian and she would love to. 

Viv, as she requested me to call was about 5' 3"and VERY cute. She couldn't have been more than 25. Her hair was down to her shoulders, and she wore a skirt, something that was out of the ordinary in this office. I also noticed the reason she was about 5"3" and that was the 3" heels she was wearing. Nothing gets to me like a great pair of legs and PPFMP's (Please, Please Fuck Me Pumps).

As we walked to the lunchroom I knew she wanted to know what went on in Phyllis' office but was afraid to ask. I just smiled as she talked around the subject. Seating her at a table in a corner I got a very nice leg show as she sat and crossed her legs. Yes she was wearing real stockings.

Sitting across from her to minimize the temptation of staring down her well-filled blouse, we talked about the work and the people around us. She brought up the way I treated Phyllis and I only let her know that something's are best kept quiet. Like when Phyllis and I talked.

While we were talking I noticed that Viv never once looked me in the face, she either looked at the table or at the opening of my shirt. Taking this as a minor indication of the way she was wrapped, I decided to give her a little test and asked if she was familiar with the term vanilla, when used in something other than ice cream.

The hesitation was noticeable and she said yes and I noticed that her eyes were not even on the table but in her lap. I then asked her if she had a steady. To which she answered, "No Sir."

Damn, I thought to myself, is EVERY female in here a sub?

Almost as if reading my mind she looked up and sort of smiled.

Having only used up 10 minutes of our 1-hour lunch, I invited her to my office. She immediately looked around and said, "Yes Sir."

Getting up I walked out and headed for my office, not looking to see if Viv was following me, I KNEW she was by the sound of her heels clicking on the tile floors as she jogged to keep up with me.

Upon arrival at my office, I opened the door and held it for her to go in. Stepping into the small space I closed and locked the door. I took a step forward and Viv turned to me and as my arms went around her she rested her head against my chest. Stepping back I said, "It's not nice to listen in to your co-workers."

"I know," she said, "but Phyllis has needed someone to take her down a notch for a long time. She is a bully and while she has nothing to do with running the business she tries to tell us what to do and how to do it."

Well," I said, "this is to let you know that what goes on between me and Phyllis is none of your concern. Turn around and bend over."

Viv had that deer in the headlights look as she stepped back and leaned against the desk. Taking her hand and arm, I quickly turned her around and pushed her onto my desk. Flipping up her skirt I saw that not only was she wearing thigh hi stockings but also a thong that disappeared between the two cheeks of her ass, making it appear from the back as if she had no panties on at all.

Feeling her smooth bottom, I caressed it gently and she rose up on her toes to offer more to me. I pulled the fabric of the thong out of her ass and lowered it to the floor. Telling her to lift a foot I pulled it aside and went back to feeling the silky stockings on her legs. Moving my hands up, I loved the transition of stocking and thigh, the different texture, the silky feel of her thighs as I moved my hands up.

Reaching the crease where her ass meets her legs, I moved my fingers between her legs and I could feel the moisture from her pussy as it covered her thighs to her stocking tops. I slowly moved to her pussy, feeling her dripping onto my fingers I moved two of them in and out of her, feeling her get wetter as I went deeper into her.

Raising, I pulled her straight up and told her to take her blouse and bra off. She immediately began unbuttoning and then undid the fastener in the front. Her breasts, freed of the restraint, settled on her and I reached around her and taking one in each hand I pulled her back to me. I could feel the weight of her breasts and my fingers went to her nipples that were already erect with need.

I pushed her forward again and taking one hand I undid my trousers and my dick popped free, searching for a warm place to rest. I moved back a little and taking my dick in my hand, I placed it at the entrance of her pussy. Leaning into her, I felt myself slide inch by inch into her waiting body.

It was then I stopped and just let myself stay there. Looking down, I told her to finish the rest herself if she wanted more. I immediately felt her push back against me and take the rest of me into her as she started to fuck back and forth on me. I reached around and cradled her breasts in my hands and began to squeeze her tits and pinch her nipples as she continued to fuck back against me.

Feeling her pussy fucking against me, I began to take an active part in her fucking. I started to fuck into her every time she pushed back against me, driving me deeper into her. I picked up the tempo and was fucking her as hard as I could, given the circumstances.

Hearing her moaning for more I was determined to give her what she asked for and after 10 minutes of the furious fucking I felt her clinch my dick with her pussy muscles. I continued to spear her from the rear as she again started to moan even louder. I knew I couldn't hold off longer, so giving her tits a vicious squeeze, almost feeling her collapse with the pain, she had another orgasm as I shot off into her.

As my softening dick slid from her she immediately turned and dropped to her knees, looking up at me as if for permission, I nodded and she took my dick, covered with her juices and my cum into her mouth. Licking and sucking until it was clean. Then she looked up at me and asked if she could get up.

I stroked her hair, then offered my hand to her to help her up. She reached down to pick up her thong panties. I stopped her and told her to go back to work, she only had a few minutes of lunch left and I would keep her panties.

"Also," I said as she began to button her blouse, "not wearing panties was not an option. If I found her wearing them when I wanted her, she would be working standing up all day."

Smiling up at me she asked how I would know.

I gave her my best smile and just said she would be checking in with me every morning before work. She would be in my office when I got here and she would be on her hands and knees with her skirt or dress around her waist. I would then either fuck her or feed her as I saw fit. If she missed a day, she'd better be ill and not at work because she would be punished the next time we were together.

She then asked if I would kiss her so she could go back. Leaning down I gently brushed her lips and then slowly moved my tongue into her mouth, tasting the two of us and holding her by the ass, I gently gave her a squeeze and she was off to work again.
