 We waited for the taxi for what seemed like hours, but in reality was probably more like twenty minutes. Still, it was well after midnight and we had spent the evening entertaining and being entertained by a group of men for hours at the club. I was tired and looking forward to lying down in bed. A real bed this time, complete with pillows and soft blankets.

A man approached us on his way to his car. He smiled and looked me up and down in a friendly way.

"Don't tell me you don't recognize me with my clothes on?" he asked.

Nick! I got up and gave him a kiss on the cheek. I had to admit he did look different wearing jeans, T shirt, and jacket than he had several hours before, naked and lying under me.

He hugged me back and stood there a while with his hands around my waist, gently squeezing my sides every once in a while as we chatted about the club. We all agreed it had been a fun night, and my friend Adam insisted the club was the friendliest one he'd been in.

Nick took a final drag of his cigarette, threw it on the ground, and gave me a good bye kiss, then sauntered off to his car.

Finally, the taxi arrived. I was a bit uncomfortable climbing in...we were being picked up at a swinger's club, after all, and I was unsure what the driver would think of us.

"You're out late," he said, after we'd given him directions to take us home. "Did you have a good time?"

Adam and I glanced at each other in the darkness and both smiled. His hand moved further up my inner thigh and he gave me a light squeeze. 

"We had a wonderful time," he said, and leaned over to kiss me. His hand found mine and moved it to the bulge that was waiting for me. 

Look what you've done to me, just thinking about the night, he whispered softly. 

I kissed him again and ran my finger lightly just under the belt of his trousers. He groaned, very, very softly. I ran my fingers lightly in the general area of his zipper, deliberately tracing circles and pressing more firmly.

The driver glanced in his mirror and smiled. 

"I've been to that club," he said. "It can be a very good time."

"Oh, that it can," Adam agreed, and slowly pulled down his zipper, soundlessly. 

I leaned down and licked the head of his cock, hot and hard. I ran my tongue around it in slow circles. Then sat up.

Adam sighed and shifted in his seat. He moved his arm behind my head and laced his fingers through my hair. From where I sat in the middle of the back seat, I could easily see the driver's face in the rear view mirror. He was smiling.

"Don't stop on my account," he said. "Feel free to enjoy yourselves as much as you like."

I leaned back down again, pulled Adam's cock free and again slowly licked him, this time from top to bottom. His fingers tightened in my hair, he pulled my head back and pushed my face against himself. The driver was talking, a bit, but I didn't hear what he was saying. Adam responded with a short Yes and pulled my head up. Taking his cock in hand, he positioned my mouth above and thrust his hips up as he pushed my head down again.

I felt his cock fill my mouth, and made sure to use as much suction as I could to prevent him going in too far, too quickly. This was my job, and I was going to make sure it was well done.

Adam gasped out loud, and I heard the driver laugh.

I sat up, thinking quickly. 

"Would you, er. Be interested in joining us?" I asked. It was a spur of the moment thought, but one that suddenly appealed to me.

Before I heard his response, I was back on Adam's cock. This time pulling with my mouth as I moved up as well as licking and sucking as I took it back in.

I felt the car turn, stop, then turn again, and pull sharply to the left. The front door opened and slammed shut and moments later the door behind me opened and I felt hands on my hips, then moving around to the front of my jeans to unbutton them. I wiggled my hips to help pull them down to my knees, and pushed my ass up to give him full access.

I turned back to Adam, face down, and felt the driver's cock slide in. He grunted, I sucked harder. I swayed my hips to the rhythm of him sliding in and out of me. Adam put both hands on my head and moved me up and down at a furious pace til I was gasping for breath.

Behind me, the taxi driver groaned and, both hands on my hips, pulled me back onto him as hard as could. I moaned in time to the two cocks shoving into me at once, wondering who would come first, one of them or me. 

With a final sigh, the driver rammed hard against me, leaned over me a moment, then collected himself and backed out of the car. 

The car picked up speed soon after, and I saw only the flickering of lights as we passed under them. 

Adam held on as long as he could, but then, with a final hard thrust up into my mouth, came with a loud groan. I was unsure what to do...there was nowhere to spit! So I sat up and swallowed it all, then leaned back one final time to lick Adam clean. He had shifted back, relaxed and smiling in the occasion light. He put his arm around me and held me close.

As we neared my house, he finally moved his arm away and zipped himself up once more. 

The cab stopped to let me out, waited as I walked up to my door, then sped off into the night.

My legs were trembling. I was tired and sleepy, but pumped up in a way I had never been before. It had been a fabulous night, and I was ready for my bed.