 Blindfolded and handcuffed to the bed, all Blake could do was listen to the two most beautiful women he’d ever seen make love right next to him after teasing him all night. And Kelly was moaning and screaming and making the bed shake wildly. Then, the noises stopped and the bed lay still. He then felt two hands caress his body.

“O.k., you’re next. I hope you’re ready.” Said Trisha.

Two sets of lips began to kiss his chest. They suck and nibble on his nipples. Then one pair moved down his washboard stomach to his penis. The tongue licked the head and Blake’s body started to shake with pleasure. 

“O.k. We’re going to un-cuff you, but the blindfold stays on. Got it?”

They un-cuffed him and pulled him lower down on the bed. He felt Kelly’s tongue go back to work on his dick. It moved all around the head and shaft. The warmth of her breath made his cock harder than it had ever been. 

Trisha then sat on his face and said, “Start licking.”

He did what she said and took his long tongue and started to lick the wetness off her pussy lips. He then moved to her clit and started to flick his tongue as fast as he could sending a river of cum flowing out of her and all over his face.

“Drink my cum.” She ordered.

Blake then opened his mouth as wide as he could and let her cum fill his mouth.

Kelly continued to suck and lick his balls while she jacked him off. When she began to feel his cock start throb she stopped. 

“Cum in my mouth.” She said.

She then engulfed her mouth with his long, thick, dick and bobbed her head like a jackhammer trying to make him cum faster. His body trembled as he shot his cum into her mouth.

Trisha got off of his face as he gulped the rest of her love juice. The blindfold was taken off and he saw Trisha standing next to the bed. He looked down and saw Kelly licking up the rest of the cum from his manhood.

“Had enough or are you ready for more?” Trisha asked him.

“Give me more!”

Trisha and Kelly then stepped out of the room and told him that they’d be right back. A couple minutes later, they returned. Only this time they had another woman with them. When he saw her, he instantly got hard again.

“This is Destiny.” Trisha said. “Let’s see how well handle her.”

Destiny stood about 5’7” and had long, bright red curly hair, light green eyes, smooth tan skin, and large firm round breasts. 

She climbed onto the bed next to Blake. She spread her legs to let him know what she wanted from him. He began by sticking two fingers in her and rubbing her inner walls. He then began to suck and lick on her clit and it wasn’t long before there was a river of cum flowing out of her body.

“Fuck me now!” She screamed.

Not wanting to disappoint her, he did what she said. He began by putting one of her legs over his shoulder and continued to finger fuck her. Blake slid his fingers around the lips and her clit. Once he stuck his fingers back inside of her, she went wild. Her thighs tightened up and the walls of her cat enclosed around them. It was so tight; he could barely move his hand. Her head flew back and she was clenching the sheets with both hands.

Blake then placed her second leg over his other shoulder and began to rub his hard dick up and down her inner thighs and across her wet cunt.

“Please just fuck me. Fuck me now!” Destiny yelled. “I want your big cock inside of me!”

He did as she pleaded and plunged his excited penis inside of her. He started off slow. In and out, back and fourth. Then he shaft out and rammed it back in. she screamed with pleasure as he pumped his dick so hard and fast inside her pussy, that her head was hitting the headboard. 

He then slid his johnson out and made her turn over and get on her hands and knees. When she was in position, Blake grabbed her waist and pulled her closer to him. He started to smack and kiss her ass. He then spread her cheeks apart and began to lick. He ran his tongue up and down the crack of her ass. He then began to finger her once again. As he licked her anus, her body started to shake with excitement.

“I’m gonna cum! Oh, god I’m gonna cum!!” Destiny screamed.

When she said that he stopped tossing her salad and told her to get on top of him. She stood up and turned around so she was facing his legs and squatted and started to fuck him froggy style. As she was riding him, she began to squeeze his balls.

“Are you ready to cum yet?” she asked.

“Yes.” He moaned.

“Well, we can’t have that.”

She got off of him and called Trisha and Kelly back in the room. Blake just laid there in agony. When they walked into the room, Trisha and Destiny sat down in the chair and Kelly walked over and got on top of him. 

“Are you ready?” she asked. 

“More than you know.” He replied. 

She slid his cock inside of her and began to ride. Blake grabbed her by the waist and pulled her down harder and harder.

He then sat up and Kelly wrapped her legs around him. He started to suck on her tits as he grabbed her ass, pulling her to him while pumping his dick hard and fast inside of her. Then he licked one of his fingers and stuck it up her ass. Kelly began to moan and scream loudly as she started to cum. 

When she finished, she got up and Trisha went to take her turn. She laid back and Blake got between her legs and began to lick. He pushed long tongue inside her cunt and Trisha went crazy and wrapped her legs around his head again. She started to cum and finally released his head. 

“Was that enough, or do you want more?” he asked.

“More.” He replied.

He got up and sat on his knees between her legs. He pulled her to him and told her to keep lying down. He pulled her close enough for her ass to rest on his thighs. He then took his cock and ran it along her pussy. He knew that would drive her wild. With every stroke he made, she would thrust her hips up trying to get his dick to go inside her cat.

“Oh, please. Please, fuck me hard!” she moaned. 

And that’s what he did. He started hitting it so hard that you could hear their thighs slapping together. When he was done, all Trisha could do was lay there and try to catch her breath. 

“Destiny, do you want more?” he asked 

“Yes.” 

Trisha got off the bed and Destiny climbed on and got on her hands and knees. 

He began to finger her and lick her asshole. When he saw that she was going wild, he stopped put his dick where his tongue. He slowly slid his dick in her ass. He loved the feeling of her anus swallowing his hard cock. He smacked her ass while thrusting inside her, making her cheeks red. 

“Come here, Kelly.” He said. I want you to get under destiny so she can lick your pussy and I want you to suck my balls.

Kelly did what he said and Destiny licked her clit while she sucked on Blake’s balls. 

“Come here Trisha.” He said. “I want you to get the vibrater and stick it up Kelly’s ass. Destiny, I want you to put your weight on one arm and finger Trisha.”

And that’s what they did. Blake ass fucked Destiny while she was eating Kelly’s cunt. While Kelly sucked Blake’s balls and Destiny fingered Trisha, Trisha shoved the vibrator up Kelly’s ass. 

After they were done, Blake went home while Kelly, Trisha and Destiny all lay in bed sore, after having wild sex all night. May be they’ll do it again some time.

The End