 Way back in 2002 I penned a novel in which James Farrell told his version of his friend Sully's activities following college. Suffice it to say, Sully had a proclivity for impregnating young ladies that led to him having to leave town in a hurry. 'Nuff said on that. What follows has Sully telling his story of a party his Freshman year at St. Joe's, a Jesuit school in Pennsylvania. PW

I'll call her Red, because she had reddish tints in her black hair and because she told me her name was Elliot I figured that was bullshit. Most girls give out fake names on meeting in a bar or party because they think they'll never see you again. Hey, everyone lies to everyone. I do it myself. But Elliot? I mean what happened to Barbara, or Sarah? Anyway, who really gives a shit? A hot broad is just that, a hot broad.

"I was hoping you'd come to the party," she said, smiling at me. "I watched you at practice yesterday. You were sensational!"

I should mention that I arrived at St. Joe's with High School All American credentials. St. Joe's, while a decent school basketball-wise, wasn't in the same league as St. John's, Kentucky, or North Carolina back in the early Seventies, but they were good enough to get the occasional NCAA invite.

Anyway, the broad, multi-hued horizontal stripes on Red's tight dress were the sort of thing only petite women can get away with. The front of the dress was zipped only half way, revealing a sports-bra that strained to keep its heavy payload in place. Red's curly redish-black hair framed a kind and intelligent face.

I mumbled something about having a smoke. "I'll come with you," she responded. My best buddy Farrell, who had been flirting with a couple of shy girls, snapped some pictures of us, then went back to the girls. I would treasure the pics for years, jerking off to Red's facial expression in the picture's as I recalled what transpired later.

It was only later, as we sat side by side on a couch by the dance floor that I found out Red was from Brooklyn, not far away from where Farrell and I hailed from. That being Jersey City.

"So, the after-party is at your place then?" I asked.

"That's awfully presumptuous of you!" She said, laughing in a way that told me she was now playing the part of the coy Freshman.

"Is it?" I grabbed a handful of her ample ass. "Because I could have sworn you'd planned this."

I must have said the right thing, or maybe grabbed the right thing, for an hour later I left the party with Red, two other girls named Joanna and Jackie, and two guys whose names I think were Donnie and Paulie. When we arrived at her apartment on the top floor of a classic brownstone, Red plied us with shots of Tequila, slices of lime and a shaker of salt. This was new to me and the other girls. Apparently, Donnie and Paulie had tried it out before.

"Potent shit, man," Paulie said out of the side of his mouth, warning me to be careful. I nodded. It sure as shit was potent.

Red laughed and said, "My roomates will be surprised to find us partying when they get home."

"Will they be pissed?" I asked.

"I don't think so. They might resent losing some sleep, but they love to party. All I ask is that we keep the noise down, no jumping around, or loud music. It's one in the morning and the people below us are cops."

Paulie started to make out with Joanna and Jackie hopped on Donnie's lap. I was swapping spit with Red and giving her smallish tits a squeeze with no objection from her.

A few minutes later, Red left me laying on the couch, saying she wanted to show us a copy of Hustler magazine that she had stolen from her older brother. When she bent over to reach the magazine, I sprang from my seat, whipped out my hard-on, and lifted her dress in a single fluid motion. "Oh," she said and dropped the Hustler to the floor while I rubbed it against her ass.

Jackie, a good looking dirty blonde with a nice ass and decent tits, shrieked with laughter when I exposed myself. I caught Joanna, who had already checked my dick out, glancing at Paulie's bulging crotch, and knew we would really get it on with these girls.

To keep from having me fuck her on the spot, Red shouted, "We probably need another round of Tequilla!" and moved away from me to the make-shift bar in the kitchenette. We downed two quick shots apeice, and then Red slipped away to use the bathroom. My hardon was still bobbing around in the open to the delight of everyone else.

Joanna asked Paulie if his cock was as big as mine: of course he accepted the challenge and took his out. He had a nice six incher, that had some meat to it. I was marginally bigger but no one seemed to care.

Donnie was already busy sucking on one of Jackie's tits. I was already jerking off watching them, and went into a faster mode when Joanna slipped away from Paulie, dropped to her knees, fed him into her mouth and began to suck him off.

I recalled that Red had picked up the Hustler and taken it with her. I figured (correctly) that she was already jilling off in there. Feeling my dick about to burst, I told the others I was going to invade Red in the bathroom and cum on her face.

That was good enough to get everyone's attention, and they were close behind me when I opened the door, saw Red sitting on the toilet seeming fixated on a full page photo of two women going at each other.

"What the fuck!" she exclaimed, while I strode toward her, jacking my dick furiously. "No ... don't you dare!"

I dared alright, and stood above her as I let go with a full load that caught her in the hair and face, splattering the front of her striped dress.

The other guys howled with laughter. But Jackie's shreiking drowned them out, as she screamed, "I don't believe it! So much cum ... Wow!"

But even as knowledgable as I was with sexual matters I was stunned when Joanna went to Red, scooped some of the come from her face with her index finger, and fed it into her own hungry mouth while Red sat there seemingly stunned.

"Um, yummy!" Joanna cried, then did it again.

Red, embarrassed by what had happened, tried to get up from the toilet, but couldn't without knocking Joanna over. She passively allowed Joanna to help herself to my ejaculate until she pushed a gob at Red's mouth, smearing it all over her lips.

That brought Red out of her passive state. "You cunt, I'll piss all over you!" she screamed. "I'll piss in your mouth, and make these guys cum on YOUR face!"

At first I thought her venomous tirade was directed at me. But when she took a swing at Joanna and missed I realized she was furious at Joanna, not me. In fact I appeared to be far from her mind as far as retaliation was concerned. 

"Wow!" I recall saying, I had never heard a girl sound this vindictive, or filthy before.

Joanna ran into the living room laughing. Coming out of her stunned torpor, Jackie squirmed past Paulie, Donnie and me, and helped Red to her feet, shielding her from our eyes as Red pulled up her underwear and tried to compose herself.

We left them, returning to the living room and had two more rounds of Tequila shots. By the time the two emerged from the bathroom, Joanna was very drunk. Trying to greet the two girls emerging from the bathroom, Joanna found herself reeling across the room until she hit the foot of the couch, and collapsed on it.

Paulie went over to her, and began slapping her nose with his cock while the rest of us, Red included, laughed.

I was surprised to hear Red say, "Pathetic," of Joanna. "Bring her into the bathroom, will ya guys?"

Since her temper had cooled considerably, we jumped at the opportunity to make her happy, and struggled with Joanna's limp torso, eventually laying her down on the linolium flooring next to the toilet.

"Take her arm off her face," Red said, some venom creeped back into her voice. I did just that, letting it fall heavily to the floor.

Red's roommates picked that moment to enter the apartment. "Having a party without us?" The question came from a plump brunette with smallish tits, whose name I would shortly learn was Abby.

"You know the rules, Elliott, we always get dibs on parties," the other girl, a short-haired, dirty blonde chirped. This would be Tonya, who had had several blemishes on her face, problably from picking at her pimples. Otherwise she was a nice piece of ass.

So Red's name really was Elliott. Well I figured I was just another dumb ass, and was about to admit it, when Red shouted from the bathroom, 

"Tequila's on the bar, help yourself to three or more shots, then you can join us."

And they did, not withstanding all the booze they'd had before coming back to the apartment. The rest of us stood surrounding Joanna's passed out body, waiting to see what Red would do to her. She didn't take long, but first casually ran her hand over Paulie's springy cock.

"Show me yours," she said to Donnie, and he obliged by dropping his trousers (an act he would regret moments later) and shaking his fairly impressive boner at her. Red took it in her left hand and gave it several jerks. Donnie's cock grew more rigid. "That's better," she said, and gave him a several quick sucks, before releasing him.

"You know, Sullivan, that was kind of funny jerking off on me while I was reading Hustler. Hey, no hard feelings. I'll tell you what, let me taste you too."

I moved to her, let her take me into her mouth. She blew me steadily for about a minute. I had already cum on her and wasn't anywhere close to coming again for a time, or so I thought.

Red left off me and straddled Joanna's face. Looking down at her, red said. "I owe you big time, bitch and not just for laughing at me when he unloaded on me." 

She squatted and proceeded to piss on the poor girl, saturating her face and then the remainder of her body right down to her ankles. Joanna's dress was in ruins from the excessive amount of urnine Red bestowed on her.

The rest of us looked on in shock. I don't believe any of us had even conceived the idea of pissing on someone else, and here was Red actually doing it with all the aplomb of a girl sitting down reading a book of poems.

The roomates caught the last of Red's piss cascading down on Joanna. "Oh, you're a pisser, all right," Tonya cackled drunkenly as she tore off her dress and underwear and lay down on the drunken, piss covered girl, and began licking her face. A wildly laughing Donnie walked over to them and pissed on both girls.

We left Tonya and Joanna laying in a pool of urine and returned to the living room. Moments later, Abby had her dress around her hips, rubbing her clit. Donnie wasted no time in adding his fingers to her cunt, jabbing away as if in the last throes of masterbating himself.

Paulie knelt on the floor next to them and brought his mouth to her's, eventually reaching the point where he was spitting into her mouth, and Abby, after swirling his saliva around her mouth as one would mouthwash, returned it to Paulie's gaping mouth. A minute or so later, Donnie's fingering brought Abby off. She lay there panting for another minute, then got up, caught Paulie by the hand and Donnie by his cock and dragged them into one of the two bedrooms.

Jackie pushed me onto the juice stained couch they had just vacated and began to blow me while I fingered her. Several minutes later Red approached us, watched us for a while and then, with her dress tucked into her waistband, began rubbing her cunt against the door to the bathroom. Tonya, still rolling about on the unconcious Joanna, suddenly clambored to her feet, and with as lewd a laugh as I've ever heard, vomited on the already saturated girl.

Feeling a strong urge to slip my cock into a cunt, I stood, pulled Jackie to her feet, and headed toward the second bedroom with Red at my heels. We passed the first bedroom and looked in. Paulie was fucking Abby from behind while she sucked Donnie off.

"Hey, there's a lot more room on that fucking bed!" Red bawled, as the three of us considered joining the threesome already on the bed.

"No," I said, "We need our own place." We staggered into the other bedroom, and as we toppled onto the queen-sized bed I wondered which of the girls shared this bed. But I didn't let that distract me from Red, who lay on one side of me legs spread wide, her hand over her cunt.

"Show it to me," I said.

She took her hand away. I saw a tightly shaved thatch of dark black pubic hair, sprinkled with streaks of red hair coloring. I laughed and then studied her slightly pouty cunt lips, noting a gorgeous little gap between her upper thighs.

"Oh, that's a pretty pussy," I said in a complementary way. Red gave me such a winsome smile that I was hard pressed to recall that she had pissed all over Joanna.

"Wanna look at mine?" Jackie asked with a pouty smile.

"All in good time, Jackie," I told her and began to finger Red.

"Okay," Jackie replied as she crawled underneath me and started to lick my balls, and then my asshole.

"C'mon, I can't wait any longer," Red groaned, "Put it all in me."

Something in her whiny tone made me turn away from her. I decided to make her wait, and plunged my cock into the nasty young lady licking my ass.

Red surprised me. Instead of getting pissed, she reacted by gently placing one hand on Jackie's ass, and the other on mine. As I plowed into Jackie's frothy cunt, Red slipped a finger into my ass. I glanced back; she had one up Jackie's too.

A few strokes later, I pulled my glistening cock out of Jackie's pliant cunt and made it twitch while I held it under Red's nose. Laughing delightedly at my action, she wrapped her lips around me, and then, when I was good and clean, carefully pushed me back into Jackie's pussy.

"You taste good. You'll save me some, right?" Red said.

"I will, and that's a promise," I said as I tweaked her left nipple.

After all the goings on Jackie was already close, and when I jack-hammered into her, she went into a convulsive orgasm, probably coming twice in a row. Once again I pulled out of her this time presenting my stiff member to the valley between Red's tits, squeezing both of them with my hands.

"Don't bruise the fuckers," was all she had to say about it. They were already bruised, but I eased up and she seemed content. I didn't want her pissing on me when I passed out, if I passed out.

"You have really great tits," I said, wanting to complement her. After all it was my coming on her in the bathroom that started the whole thing. As if reading my mind, she said, "I liked what you did earlier, I really did. I was only acting for the others so it wouldn't get out of hand."

"You think it didn't get out of hand?" I murmurred, "You took a lot of anger out on Joanna."

"She's a whore and a slut. Anyway, I've been pissed at her for a long time."

"You have?" I said, hoping she'd tell me more.

"You gonna fuck me, or what?" she responded. "I'm not a good little girl ... so anything goes ... you know?"

"Yeah," I said resignedly, and slipped into her wetness.

"Feels good," Red said huskily. She was breathing heavily and moaning softly.

"So, tell me," I said humping away at her as her legs rose up and wrapped around me. "What was it got you pissed at her?"

"Really wanna know, huh?"

"Yeah, I really want to know."

"I had this boyfriend, Gabe ... she stole him away by letting him fuck her ass."

"You wouldn't do it with him, huh?"

"I should have ... but what the fuck, I gave it up right after she took him away."

"How's this?" I asked, humping harder.

"Great. Really great!"

"Let's change positions. Put your face in the sheets, ass in the air. I want to get a good look at that pissy cunt of yours."

Next to us, Jackie began to snore. That made Red laugh, but she turned over and complied with my request. "I did get a little carried away with Joanna, didn't I?"

"I don't know. Your roomie, what's her name, Tammy?"

"Tonya," Red's muffled voice replied, followed by, "I don't care which hole you use, really, I don't."

I took that to mean she wanted it up her keister, and spit on her rusty spider, then worked two fingers in trying to stretch her as much as I could under the circumstances.

"Yeah, Tonya ... now she's a piece of work."

Red groaned and pushed her ass up to meet my face. I studied its deep crevice and the two, seemingly delicate cheeks.

"You know, she's been institutionalized a couple times."

"And we left her alone with Joanna?"

"Oh, she's harmless enough. Worst case she'll take a shit on Joanna. She may pop in on us any minute though. That girl loves sex."

"So, you're saying she goes both ways."

"Yeah. Me too, for that matter."

"Any port in a storm? That you?"

"Yeah, any port ... anytime I got an itch."

I let a long string of saliva drip from my mouth into her puckered asshole.

"You almost ready?" Red inquired. "I am."

I centered my cock on the gaping hole and shoved it in.

"Ohhh!" I heard her grunt.

My hands moved from her hips through the isthmus of her small waist, up and over her back to her shoulder blades, and finally to the ridges of her small, white shoulders.

Red shuddered.

I left her shoulders and gripped her by her hips; and began to fuck, back and forth like heavy artillery, pounding, pounding, pounding.

"You're filling me up! You're filling me up!"

I must have fucked her anally for some five minutes before I exploded with an unstoppable gusher. Pulling out, I watched as her asshole overflowed with my semen.

Red later confided that she had been coming from the moment my cock sliced into her.

But at that moment, she collapsed onto her belly; and I fell on top, squashing her to the bed. Red took my member in hand and squeezed the last of my semen from my shit-flecked cock and then sucked the cockhead until it was cleansed of her shit.

I rolled off of her onto my back, panting and nearly exhausted, only to discover Jackie leaning on an elbow watching us. "Wanna fuck?" she laughed.

"Not just yet," I replied wearily.

"Don't go to sleep on us," she giggled. And from the other side of me, Red echoed her giggle. I was in trouble.

Jackie picked up my flagging dick and began massaging it. Nothing happened but it felt good. Not one to give up easily Jackie took me in her mouth and began to suck. Nothing, although it felt even better than her hands.

After a few more minutes, I recaptured my wilted weapon, told the girls I had to piss, and wandered into the bathroom.

Both Tonya and Joanna were passed out on the bathroom linoleum. Tonya's face lay in a pool of her own vomit. I examined both of them to make certain they were breathing. They were.

And then taken by an uncontrollable impulse, I held my prick to the nape of Tonya's neck and let go, emptying my bladder on her and Joanna, who lay beneath her. Both girls moaned and I assumed it was from the heat of my urine, but it could have been anything.

To my surprise, as I shook the last few droplets of urine from my prick, it began to rise. By the time I returned to the bedroom I was at half-mast. The girls shrieked their approval, and pounced on me.

I was in Red's mouth first. A minute or so later, I was fully erect and she passed me to Jackie, who started sucking with a vengeance. Red settled in next to Jackie, admiring her work, and then leaned toward my midsection, her mouth open, and peered up at me. "Do you like it when two girls suck your dick?"

I could only groan with satisfaction as they began working either side of the head in tandum. Soon it was two mouths fighting over my ass, my balls and my cock. I found myself prying apart legs wet with saliva and cum; I had my head locked against Jackie's frothy cunt while she had an arm around Red's hips, relentlessly churning her fingers into the widened gash that had once been a tight cunt. A hand, (Red's?) moistened by saliva, grabbed my cock, rubbing it while planting wet kisses upon it.
