 "Nervous?" Brooke asked.

"A little. I wonder if I'm doing the right thing, Brooke."

Nikki shares a knowing look with her best friend of many years. She places the veil on her head just so as she looks at herself in the mirror. Nikki silently laughs as she thinks of her white wedding gown, traditionally a sign of virginity, and fondly remembers her last night of freedom. 

"Well, I guess I might as well get this over with…" 

"You look beautiful," says Brooke, leading Nikki out the bedroom door and down the hallway, herself thinking of the previous evening’s events.

"This is such a cool place Nik," she adds.

Nikki and Brooke were sharing a room at the hotel as a matter of cost for Brooke while Bob and his best man shared a separate room. The couple would then move into the honeymoon suite after the wedding.

The El Dorado Royale was one of Playa Del Carmen’s newer luxury resorts. It's 303 luxury junior suites and 5 restaurants were enough for most discerning guests, but for those who were looking to quench their thirsts, there were also three swim up bars that were always busy. It epitomizes luxury and is a perfect setting for a wedding thought Nikki.

Having planned her wedding months in advance, Nikki was anxious to get it over with. She just hadn't planned on the turn of events that took place the night before the wedding.

"Are you okay?" asked Brooke.

"Yes. Sorry, I'm just a little distracted I guess." 

"Let’s just forget about that for now. You don’t want to keep Bob waiting."

"Brooke? Am I really doing the right thing?"

"Why would you ask that Nik?"

"After last night, I'm not so sure!"

Brooke gives Nikki a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She wonders herself about whether it's the right thing or not, but it’s too late now, and tells Nikki the same thing. They continue to talk as they walk outdoors to the area reserved for the wedding.

Large stands adorned with flowers line each side of the carpet. The priest, a local from the village, patiently waits for the bride to walk down the aisle.

The sound of waves crashing on the rocks below reminds Nikki of her last night as a single woman. She looks at her father nervously. His smiling face gives her reassurance as he extends his arm, waiting to lead her to Bob and her new life.

Nikki looks around at the small party that’s traveled to Mexico for her and Bob's wedding. What would they think if I turned and ran, she thought. Her nerves were causing her to shake almost uncontrollably. Does anyone notice? She looks at Brooke who gives her a worried smile, knowing what’s going through Nikki's mind. Brooke was there too. It was Brooke who talked Nikki into it. It was Brooke who played a major role in it. It was Brooke who had a secret that Nikki never knew about, until last night. Now it's a secret both will share for the rest of their lives. As Nikki walks with her father down the aisle, her mind loses focus on the wedding and wanders to the events of yesterday.

"Good Morning," Brooke says with her usual cheery voice. "Tomorrow’s the BIG day!" she adds.

"Yep, sure is," replied Nikki as she wipes the sleep from her eyes.

"What should we do today?" Brooke asks inquisitively with a wry smile.

"Well, there's a few things I need to go over with the wedding coordinator, but other than that, I'm free." Nikki yawns and stretches before adding, "At least for one more day."

"Well get up. I'm starved," Brooke prods.

"Go ahead without me. I'll meet you down at the restaurant after I take a shower." Nikki slowly drawls out.

Brooke agrees and puts on her two piece bathing suit before departing. Nikki has always envied Brooke’s slender five foot seven inch frame. Damn, if I were a guy. Nikki lets the thought go. She gets out of bed and heads into the bathroom. Her bare breasts are showing the tan lines from her swimming suit. 

"I'll have to remedy that," Brooke says to her reflection.

Nikki brushes her shoulder length hair before entering the shower. Shampoo and conditioner were supplied by the resort, as was a blow dryer and other toiletries. Specialties of the house, each with the resorts logo printed on them. 

The glass enclosed shower was certainly big enough for two, with a one and a half foot ledge to sit on, perfect for shaving one's legs, she thought, amongst other things. Nikki smiles at the thought of catching Brooke masturbating the morning before while sitting on that same ledge. 

Nikki was surprised at how wet her pussy got while watching Brooke. After all, they had known each other for years. Seeing Brooke naked had never caused this to happen to her before. Nikki was slightly embarrassed and very excited, little did she know that Brooke had seen her peeking and put on the show just for her. She finishes her shower and gets dressed quickly then takes the elevator to the restaurant. She spies Brooke in the distance.

"Hey Brooke!" Nikki calls out to her friend enthusiastically.

"Hi. Have you talked to Bob yet this morning?" Brooke asks tilting her head slightly. 

"No. Why?" Nikki asks, her right eyebrow rises up in an arch.

"He's going deep sea fishing with your dad today. Said they're going out to Carlos and Charlie’s in Cozumel tonight and won’t be back for a long time. It looks like we've got the entire day and night to ourselves," Brooke lets out a long wail, "WoooHoo!!"


"Okay, great!" Nikki says matter of fact. Nikki didn’t sound too enthusiastic and Brooke figured that she just needed something to eat to help her relax.

"You gotta try this stuffed French toast. It's to die for!" Brooke exclaimed.

"Oh my God! That sounds so fattening." Nikki teased back.

"Yah, but I don’t care. I’m on vacation. I want to party!" sings Brooke holding her knife in her hand like a microphone.

"I think I'll stick to a glass of orange juice and some toast," Nikki says to the waiter.

"Very good ma'am," he courteously replies.

"Ma'am? He called me Ma'am Brooke!" Nikki gasped.

Brooke just smiled and told Nikki that he was just being polite. She patiently waited for Nikki to eat her breakfast before saying, "We've got the whole day. Whaddya want to do?" Again, the cheshire smile appearing on Brooke’s face.

"Sit by the pool I guess," Brooke said, sounding bored.

"C'MON! Let’s go party somewhere. Lets DO something fun and exciting. It’s your last day as a single woman."

"I know," groaned Nikki.

"Aren't you excited Nik? You and Bob have planned this for a long time."

"Yah I know. I just don’t know if I'm doing the right thing. After today, I'll be with the same man for the rest of my life."

"Yah, but he's a great guy." Brooke says chattering on about what they could do that day. Nikki listens to Brooke babble on until she interrupts her. 

"Brooke. You figure something out. I've got to meet Maria for some last minute changes. I'll meet you in the lobby."

Being left to her own devices, Brooke decides that this is going to be the best day of Nikki's life. "Well, besides the wedding," Brooke says to the palm trees as they sway with the tropical winds. 

Brooke strolls off to the tour desk and makes arrangements for the two of them on a jungle safari complete with a guided tour of the ancient ruins of Tulum. As she waits in the lobby, she notices a very good looking man. His black hair and thin mustache remind her of Zorro, the fabled swordsman of an earlier Mexico. Zorro was always charismatic, charming, and sexy and always one step ahead of his foes. If only... Her thoughts are interrupted by Nikki's arrival.

"Everything all set?" she asks Nikki.

"Yes, Maria was very helpful. What are you looking at?” She asks in return.

"Oh, just day dreaming a little. I've signed us up for a jungle safari."

"What? Oh Brooke, you didn’t! That sounds so boring." Nikki complains.

"Just wait. It's complete with a guided tour of the ancient ruins of Tulum. I've been told that the tour guide only takes lovely ladies," she says with a laugh, thinking about the guy that sold her the package.

"Okay, who's here for Jorge's Jungle Safari tour?" the good looking Zorro asked out loud.

Shocked that her luck held out, Brooke raises her hand.

"Here! We are," Brooke waves pointing to Nikki and herself.

"Ah, it is Jorge's lucky day to have two beautiful Senorita's with him today!" He says very suave. 

Nikki laughs at the obvious flirtation. How typical she thinks, but he is good looking she continues. Brooke grabs Nikki by the arm and leads her onward.

"C'mon, lets go!" Nikki says.

Climbing into the open-aired jeep, Brooke asks Jorge how many other people signed up for the tour. 

"Eight signed up. I, Jorge will show you my jungle. You will like it very much. Then I show you my ruins," he says in near perfect English.

Nikki and Brooke settle in for their day’s adventure. Jorge tells them about the area and how tourism has made everyone rich. Nikki wonders by whose standards Jorge based his comment as they pass tin shack after tin shack on their way to the jungle.

Having stopped at two other hotels to pick up the six other participants, Jorge continues to talk in an obviously memorized narration of the surrounding sights. He's probably not even from around here, she thinks. Brooke is busily taking pictures and eagerly listening to Jorge. Nikki smiles at Brooke. It's apparent that she wants him.

Jorge brings his jeep to a stop and encourages everyone to join him in a short hike while he talks about the ferns, indigenous only to this part of the Yucatan. Several of the members of the party ask him questions about this tree or that fern. 

Nikki's thoughts are about her impending wedding and whether she's ready or not. Am I making the right choice? Is Bob really what I want? Sure, the sex is frequent, but what will I be missing out on if I marry him?

Brooke watches Nikki as they walk along the footpath through the jungle. She needs some excitement. I'll fix that. Brooke gives Nikki a playful slap on the ass and whispers,

"Let’s shake this group up." Brooke says in a husky voice.

Brooke removes her t-shirt and walks around wearing her barely there bikini top. Its small patches barely covering her nipples. The cool damp air makes them pert and protruding against the thin fabric. She waits for Jorge and the three other men to take notice.

"...it's said that the bark of this tree had healing powers..." Jorge continues his banal narrative. Jorge stops in mid-sentence as he looks at Brooke before continuing his narrative with a big smile. 

"It was used by the medicine people of the ancient Aztecs," he finishes.

Watching Jorge obviously being distracted by Brooke's display brings a smile to Nikki's face. She decides to play along and removes her t-shirt as well. Her large breasts more modestly covered, but she gets the same reaction as Brooke. Nikki decides that if this is going to be her last day of freedom, she damned sure is going to enjoy it. Only she didn’t know that it would be a decision that will forever change her life.

The tour continues with more memorized narration and the occasional Corona to help quench everyone’s thirst. Jorge drives the small group to the ancient ruins of Tulum. The group is given fifteen minutes to explore by themselves and Nikki and Brooke welcome the chance to warm up in the midday sun.

"Well, what do you think of my ruins?" Jorge asks.

"Very old," Nikki replies rolling her eyes.

"What's this temple for?" Brooke asks, trying to distract Jorge from Nikki's comment.

"Ahh, this is a very special temple. It is where the ancient priests would make sacrifices to the Gods. It serves a different purpose now," he replies.

"Oh really? I didn’t think anyone did anything here but take pictures?"

"We have a ceremony all our own. We're having one tonight. It's very private, but you can come if you wish. Jorge will pick you up later tonight and bring you back, si?"

"Sure, um, si," Brooke replies. Nikki hesitates but eventually agrees after a little prodding from Brooke. As the tour winds down, Brooke and Nikki relax and drink another Corona. The drive back to the resort isn't long and Nikki is looking forward to lying by the pool and working on her tan lines. 

At the pool, Brooke and Nikki find a sunny spot to relax at. The waitress walks around and takes their drink orders. After she leaves, Brooke lays on her side and asks Nikki, "What do you think of Jorge?"

"I think you have the hots for him," Nikki retorts.

"He IS cute. I'd like to wrap my legs around him for awhile," teases Brooke.

"I'm sure you would." Nikki teases back.

"Nik?" Brooke quietly asks.

"Yes?" Nikki answers, covering her eyes from the bright sun.

"Did you like it?" Nikki asks, her lips curling into a sly smile.

Thinking that Brooke was talking about the tour and not wanting to hurt her friend’s feelings, Nikki lies and says, "Yes.”

"Did you know that I saw you?" Brooke asks.

Confused, Nikki says, "Saw me? What are you talking about?"

"Yesterday morning. I saw you peeking at me in the shower. It really turned me on."

Nikki's face becomes flush with embarrassment. Her heart quickens, unsure of what to say. She DID enjoy it and was surprised at how wet she had become watching Brooke the previous morning in the shower. She didn’t tell Brooke that she masturbated later that evening thinking about her.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...” Nikki didn’t finish the sentence.

"Like I said, it turned me on. I just wanted you to know that." Brooke told her long time friend.

Thoughts of being with another woman started creeping into Nikki's mind as the wedding neared. Perhaps she wanted to sow a last wild oat she would tell herself. Brooke had made it obvious that she was willing, but Nikki had never given it more consideration until yesterday. Now with her wedding tomorrow, she told herself that it could never happen.

"Brooke? Are you really serious about going with Jorge tonight?" Nikki asks apprehensively.

"I think it'll be exciting. C'mon, I want to go. Come with me. Please, please, please." Brooke begs.

"Okay Brooke, but only because you came to Mexico with me. I guess I owe you something." Nikki says, giving up.

They finish their drinks and order two more as they soak in the suns rays, each lost in their own thoughts.

Later that evening, Jorge rings their room and to announce his presence. They ask him what to wear and tell him to wait as they'd be right down. Brooke states in her usual bubbly fashion how much fun it will be. Nikki reminds her that Jorge didn’t say what kind of ceremony they would be watching.

"Don't worry. It'll be fun. Now let’s go, we don't want to keep Jorge waiting." Brooke says excitedly.

"Okay, okay!" Nikki says, exasperated.

Jorge smiles as Nikki and Brooke saunter into the lobby. He's dressed in a St. Johns Bay shirt and khaki Dockers. His gold chains are proudly displayed on his bare chest. One holds an ancient looking pendant, neither woman notice the symbol etched on its gold surface.

"I will take you to my ruins and you will join in the ceremony." Jorge commands suavely.

"Sounds fun to me," Brooke says.

"Jorge? What kind of ceremony is it?" Nikki asks.

"A very private one. You'll enjoy. I promise,” he says, the corner of his lips upturned.

His answer does nothing to make Nikki relax. She notices that Brooke is oblivious to his mysterious reply which only adds to her apprehension. 

The ruins are darkened and Jorge tells them to be careful as they walk. The only illumination comes from a fire at the top of the priest’s temple that the girls leaned on earlier. The steps are steep and narrow, but Jorge manages them without difficulty and encourages them to join him at the top of the temple.

The climb is more exhausting then either would have imagined. As they reach the top Jorge tells them again of the ancient ritual of sacrifices.

"Today we make a sacrifice of a different kind," he says, his eyebrows rising into big arches, his eyes wide.

With that he grabs Brooke by the hand and leads her into the temple. Nikki watches him lead her to the darkened room, his voice is low and soft, and she’s not able to make out his words. He hands Brooke something shiny but the light is too dim for Nikki to see what it is. 

When he exits the room, he's caring a stone bench and sets it near the fire burning in a clay kettle. A tripod of wooden logs holds the kettle off the temple floor. 

"Sit here," he commands Nikki.

Taken by surprise at his firm voice, Nikki complies, sitting on the cold stone. She looks at his nearly naked body. He's wearing only a thin leather strap with a wad of cloth holding his cock. The leather strings holding it on like a jock.

"Give me your hands," he commands her again.

Nikki reaches out to him, unsure of what to expect. He quickly ties a leather strap around her wrists, binding her hands so that she's unable to separate them. Too shocked to react quickly enough, Nikki doesn’t struggle as he pulls out another leather strap and binds her feet.

"Hey! What’s going on?" Nikki cries out, a little nervous.

"It's okay Nikki," Brooke shouts out from her darkened corner. "Just play along…"

"She is bound my queen," Jorge announces as Brooke walks into the light.

Her naked body is adorned with a golden headdress, a gold necklace with a jade figurine fastened to it. Her ankles also are wearing gold bracelets and her arms are covered in a golden dust, sparkling with every move she makes. In her hands is a snake-shaped dagger, also made of gold. 

Brooke spreads her arms wide and tilts her head back. She begins a chant and dances around the top of the temple, her breasts bouncing with each step, each hop.

Nikki is surprised by Brooke's apparent knowledge of the chant and dance. Staring at her friend, her naked body with parts covered in gold dust has intrigued her. Nikki relaxes for the first time in two days. 

Brooke walks over to Jorge and grabs his hair, pulling his head back while she licks his neck. She brushes her breasts against his hairless chest, making her nipples hard. Brooke slides her body up and down his, her hands moving over his shoulders, his chest down his stomach until she reaches the leather strap that holds his cod piece in place.

She walks around behind him, the golden dagger in her hands -- its metal shining with the light from the fire burning next to Nikki. Its slender point slides across his bicep and forearms leaving a barely-there red scratch. Jorge stays motionless awaiting his queen’s commands.

Nikki hears the sound of drum beats in the distance. Or is that her heart as it pounds she wonders. Having lost all thoughts of her wedding, Nikki sits in fascination as Brooke continues her dance around Jorge's body. Nikki feels the moist folds of her pussy getting slick.

Brooke continues to dance around Jorge. Her lips find his and they lock in a passionate embrace. Brooke turns around taking Jorge's hands in hers and places them on her breasts. She faces Nikki as she slides his hands down her body. 

Brooke takes the dagger and walks over to Nikki. "Trust me," she whispers.

"I do," replies Nikki wide-eyed and eager.

Brooke slides the dagger along Nikki's skin. The cold metal feels good on Nikki's hot cheek. Her mouth opens and Brooke places the dagger on her tongue. Instinctively, Nikki slides her tongue up and down the dagger before wrapping her lips around it, gently sucking it.

Brooke removes the dagger and slides it down Nikki's neck and along the fabric of Nikki's t-shirt. Brooke then slices her shirt and removes if from her best friend. Brooke moves to slice the bra and watches it fall on the floor. 

Nikki's breasts are red from the sun, but the heat inside her is from the desire that she's feeling. Jorge moves in and takes Nikki's breasts in his hands, playfully pulling on her nipples while he kisses her neck. 
