 They were going to have him tonight and he didn't have a clue. The poor man wouldn't know what had hit him. 

Emma, Jen and Suzie shared a flat and were the best of friends, they shared everything. I mean everything! Not only the odd pair of boots and lipstick, but even boyfriends had been shared before now, although the boyfriends had no idea their girlfriend knew. It was a test they had. If he didn't own up to sleeping with one of the other girls to his girlfriend then she would dump him for cheating on him. If he did own up then, depending how good he was, she'd keep him around for a while, put him on a guilt trip and make him pay for his cheating with expensive gifts, meals, etc and then once she'd got bored of him he'd get dumped. 

Tonight was going to be different. Suzie had been going out with Tony for about 7 weeks and it seemed to be going well, in fact as far as Emma and Jen were concerned it was going a bit too well. Suzie constantly talked about how good he was in bed, the size of his cock and how he could make her cum over and over again. There was no sign of the 'test' being mentioned and both Emma and Jen were eager to bed Tony and see if Suzie had just been bragging. 

Suzie had been on a course in Leeds that day and had phoned to ask Emma to apologise to Tony because she wouldn't be home in time to go out with him as arranged and she'd be home on the last train. 

Tony arrived at 7.15pm looking hot, as usual. Emma answered the door wearing just a towel, saying she had just got out of the shower. She'd been in the towel for the last half an hour waiting for him. She told Tony to make himself comfortable as Suzie wasn't home yet and asked him if he wanted anything. He looked Emma up and down with a seductive smile and just shook his head and sat down in a chair, his eyes never leaving her. Even though he was happy with the way things were going with Suzie it didn't stop him from looking and with Emma wearing only a short white fluffy towel he couldn't help but look. Emma was Amazonian in stature, 5'8" with a hard firm body and legs you could only imagine would squeeze every breath out of you if she wrapped them around your waist. 

He expected Emma to disappear into the bedroom to get dressed but instead she poured herself a drink and sat down on the sofa opposite him, the towel barely covering her but she didn't seem to care and Tony wasn't going to complain. A moment later Jen appeared wearing the same outfit as Emma, a short white fluffy towel, her shoulders slightly damp, as she had just gotten out of the shower. As she walked towards Emma, her back to Tony she winked as she tried to conceal the grin on her face. She told Emma she'd just heard Emma's mobile bleep and there was a message. Of course there was no message but as Emma supposedly went to check it Jen offered Tony a drink and poured him a very large whisky. She walked over to the coffee table in front of him, turned and bent down to place his glass there. As she bent over, her back to him, there, less than six inches from his hand resting on the chair arm, was the soft pink flesh of her shaved pussy. He couldn't believe his eyes. He felt his cock stiffen immediately. He wasn't sure if she'd done it on purpose or if she just hadn't realised how short the towel was. As she walked back to the sofa and sat down Emma came out of the bedroom, walked across to the sofa and sat next to Jen saying Suzie sends her apologies as she won't be home until the last train. What should he do now? He couldn't stand up, his cock would be so obvious, plus Jen had just poured him a large whisky, it would be rude not to drink it. Oh well he'd have a to stay a while and finish his drink. 

As Tony was contemplating the situation Emma and Jen shifted slightly closer to each other and in doing so they both parted their legs just enough for Tony glimpse the sensual lips of their hot tight pussies. That made his cock so hard he could feel every inch of it throb. He moved his eyes to meet Emma's, then Jen's. They both grinned back with a wicked look. He knew that was no accident. He was unsure of what to do next when Emma and Jen turned to each other and started to kiss, softly and gently, tongue flicking tongue. He had never watched any live girl-on-girl action and although he was desperate to take hold of one of them fuck her hard he decided to sit back and enjoy the show. 

As the girls kissed they also released each others towels, letting them slowly fall open around their waists revealing Emma's full, 38DD, firm breasts, and Jen's 36C softer pert ones, nipples erect and just begging to be bitten and sucked. Emma moved her head down and took one of Jen's nipples in her mouth, flicking it with her tongue and gently nibbling it with her teeth, then biting harder and harder until Jen gasped with the pleasure of the pain. As Emma toyed with Jen's nipples, Jen licked two of her fingers to make them nice and wet and slid them down between Emma's legs, feeling the hot and already damp flesh of her pussy. She began to rub Emma's clit, gently and slowly, then slipped her fingers deep into her tight hole, working them slowly and Emma's started to thrust against them. Tony now had his trousers undone and his rock hard cock was in his hand slowly being pumped. 

Jen pushed Emma away from her tits and made her lay back on the sofa with one leg high on the back of the sofa whilst the other rested on the coffee table, her pussy exposed and glistening with moist juices. Jen, kneeling between her parted legs, leaned over her and started slowly at her neck, kissing and licking, sucking on Emma's nipples, squeezing them hard between finger and thumb, moving down one side, over her hip bone and back to the centre until her tongue was flicking the tip of her clit, her mouth enclosing it, sucking gently on it as Emma let out a slow long moan of pleasure. 

This was too much for Tony. He got up and walked to the end of the sofa where Jen had her arse in the air. He slipped two fingers deep into her pussy; she was so wet he slipped another in, pushing hard and fast but only for a few seconds, she was ready for him, he didn't need to work on her. He stood behind her and guided his cock into her, slowly at first, but the slight of Jen's face buried deep in Emma's pussy was too much. He was soon pounding Jen, holding her hips as he fucked her, faster and faster, harder and harder with every thrust. Emma was gasping with pleasure as Jen sucked on her clit while inserting three fingers deep into her, pushing harder with the same rhythm Tony had set. 

Tony could feel himself close to cuming so he pulled out of Jen and walked to the other end of the sofa. As he leaned over Emma's face she reached for his cock and slowly guided him into her mouth. She could taste Jen on him as she eagerly took him deep into her mouth, snaking her tongue around his shaft, tightening her lips as he slowly withdrew. She reached up with one hand taking hold of his balls and squeezing gently as he felt her slide her lips down the full length of his cock. As he stood there, eyes closed, slowly rocking back and forth fucking Emma's mouth he felt nails firmly raking over his chest followed by a tongue. He opened his eyes to see that Jen was now straddling Emma's waist and was leaning forward running her tongue down his stomach and towards Emma's mouth. Both girls were now eagerly licking and sucking his cock, moving between his balls and the head of his shaft, tongues entwining around him. He couldn't take it any longer. Without warning both girls were suddenly licking Tony's cum from their lips, from each other's lips and from Tony's cock. Tony shuddered with every flick of their tongues, having to hold on to the sofa to stop his knees from buckling. 

The girls sat him on the sofa and once he showed signs of recovery they dragged him off to the bedroom. 

After three more hours of sensual, sticky fucking, licking and cuming the front door opened. Nobody heard it; they were too engrossed in each other. 

In walked Suzie.