 © 2016 Chloe Tzang. All rights reserved. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a review.

Okay, this is my second entry for the 2017 Summer Lovin' competition and it looks like I just scraped this one in before the deadline. Yes!!!! It started life as an old story I came up with a year or two before I started writing on Literotica. I kind of liked it at the time, but I'd put it aside back then. When I was looking for a quick story for the 2017 Literotica Nude Day Story Competition (coz I was working on a bunch of other stories and I didn't have much spare time for a story for the Nude Day competition) I remembered this one. After I hauled it out and looked at it, I kind of shuddered at how badly it was written from way back then, which I guess just goes to show how you can improve your writing if you sit down and work at it, and then I sat myself down and started rewriting it. 

Rewriting a lot -- it started out rather different from the story you're reading here. It didn't make it (sob) for the 2017 Nude Day competition so I recycled it just now for the 2017 Summer Lovin' competition after I finished "Summertime Sadness" -- and if you haven't read "Summertime Sadness", that's my other 2017 Summer Lovin' competition story and go read it after this. Please -- it needs your views and your votes and if you enjoyed "Fingerprints on my Heart", I'm sure you'll get "Summertime Sadness." Anyhow, "The Temptation of Sammi Woo" wasn't a quickie in the end but this is the end result, and here it is. I hope you all enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it and as much as Sammi enjoyed ...well, you'll find out what Sammi enjoyed soon enough. Again, it's a little on the long side, like a lot of my stories here, but then, Sammi does have a lot to enjoy ... and be warned, there's a long lead in before the sex but okay, it's worth it ... Sammi thought so, anyhow ... just pace yourself, guys, okay .... Chloe

