 THURSDAY

I stood in the kitchen, shaking with rage, and fought back my tears. In one hand, I held a butt plug. In the other, I gripped a blue dildo so large that I had trouble closing my fingers around it. A too-tight French maid's uniform squeezed my chest, my breath racing. A series of Polaroids posted on the refrigerator tells the story:

The first Polaroid showed a close-up of Bee's face, defiant, staring at the camera. I had found Bee, my Thai maid, giving head to X, my boyfriend. I decided to dominate her as punishment to remind her who was in charge, so when X left on business I bought a butt plug and forced Bee to wear it on Monday. Bee wasn't at all happy about this, and it shows in the look on her face in that first picture.

The next set of Polaroids show me -- bound against my will -- in various states of compromise. On Tuesday, Bee had pretended to submit, pretended to be eager to serve me, and pretended that she couldn't wait to wear the plug. Her eagerness when she had been so sullen the day before should have tipped me off. But I was so tantalized by plugging Bee's ass that I didn't notice when she slipped a drug in my morning juice. I woke up on my own bed, hands and feet bound by leather cuffs, my face in a pillow and my ass in the air. I demanded that Bee release me, but she simply pulled the plug out of her ass and stuck it in my mouth. One Polaroid showed me sucking the sour plug, fresh from Bee's bottom. Another Polaroid showed the plug stuck up my own backside, and in my will to serve bee I had scribbled lewd writing on it.

In my bedroom, I had yet another Polaroid, this one my most personal and prized picture. Bee had taken an image of me on Wednesday bending over the table, wearing her maid's outfit, utterly submissive. My hands held my cheeks open so Bee could get a better view of the plug she had stuffed up my ass, and a red ring of lipstick drawn by Bee circled my anus (and the plug) like a bull's eye. By then, I had fallen in love with Bee and only wished to serve her, but she left the house that morning and I pined all day in her absence, eventually going to bed alone.

I woke up this morning to discover X, my boyfriend, had returned early from his business trip and taken my dear Bee from me. He even had the nerve to tell me to call him Sir! Although now that I think about it, I didn't say no...

And what was this? A new Polaroid had been added to the collection on the refrigerator, this one of Bee sucking a cock! The shot was taken from a man's perspective -- the man in the image clearly being my boyfriend -- looking down on the fellatrix. Bee's huge, dreamy eyes stared up at the camera as her mouth stretched to fit X's cock. Had they taken this picture last night while I was sleeping? Had they taken it before X left on business?

I was so angry at X for taking Bee away from me, for telling me to call him Sir, and for the offhand way he assumed he could dominate me. Sure, he had dominated me in the past, but never in such a sneaky or casual fashion.

What should I do? What could I do? I had promised a dozen times over the past few days that I would serve Bee as her maid and call her Miss; the list of promises I made in my frenzied climaxes was probably too long to count. The only thing I had specifically told her I could not do was take the blue dildo up my bum -- it was just too big. I think she understood.

Worse than that, though, I had fallen madly in love with her. I had to be near her, I had to serve her, and right now she was serving X, so I decided I would too.

I breathed deeply, smoothed my tight skirt, and calmed down. Time to make breakfast for Sir and Miss. Leaving the big blue dong on the sunroom table, I prepared a breakfast tray for the bedroom: french toast, freshly sliced fruit, syrup, coffee, juice, a stick of butter, and the butt plug (a girl has to have her hopes after all).

As I approached the bedroom door, I could hear groaning and cooing. I straightened my back, took a deep breath, and knocked on the door.

"Sir? Miss?" I said. "Breakfast is ready. May I bring it in?" I thought I heard X groan in assent, so I pushed the door open.

Sometimes our eyes take in the little details and miss the big picture:

The first thing I noticed was a stick of butter in a dish on the nightstand; I had been so shocked to see X that I had overlooked it earlier. But my eyes widened as I witnessed more of the scene: X lay on his back in the bed, and Bee squatted above his midsection, straddling his body with her feet and facing away from him. I was transfixed by the sight and the sound, Bee going "oh oh oh Sir oh oh" and X groaning, Bee's taut thighs straining as she would squat and then raise herself again, squatting and lifting, squatting and lifting, the sweat on her forehead glistening in the morning light and her beautiful grimace, her petite hands -- one hand on the bed to help her balance, the other stroking her pussy -- with their beautiful and slender fingers, and finally, oh, finally, the site of X's erect cock sliding in and out from between Bee's sweet round cheeks. He was fucking her ass.

Mesmerized, I put down the tray and stood next to the bed. They both ignored me, so I knelt at the foot of the bed to watch, not knowing what to do otherwise, and longing for attention. From this angle, X's feet faced me as his toes pointed toward the ceiling. He placed his hands on Bee's ass, one hand on each cheek, and slowly pushed her up from her squatting position. The head of his cock, buttered and bright purple, popped out of Bee's anus and she cried "oh Sir! Put back in! Put back in!"

X, still with one hand on each of Bee's cheeks, placed his thumbs on her anus and pressed. His thumbs dug into her gently and firmly, and she lowered herself back down onto his cock. I watched in awe as his entire cock disappeared into her ass, as she slowly settled herself onto him, and finally, her cheeks rested squarely on his hips.

"Now bounce," he commanded.

"Yes Sir," said Bee. With both hands on the bed, she bounced her ass in his lap, his cock pistoning in and out of her anus. Their bodies smacked together and she cried "oh oh oh oh." I looked at Bee's face and wondered if she'd ever had her ass fucked this vigorously -- her beautiful features were twisted, partly from pleasure and partly from pain, and her eyes were shut tight. I could see past his muscular thighs to his balls, and as I watched them tighten and heard his breathing quicken I knew from experience he was close to cumming.

Suddenly, X grabbed Bee's hips and held her still, her ass tight against his hips. He groaned loudly as he climaxed, and Bee's eyes popped open either in surprise or delight at her impalement. X's fingers dug into Bee's soft skin as he pumped his load into her, and a beatific smile spread across Bee's face. God she was so beautiful.

Reader, I couldn't help myself: I know I wasn't invited, but I leaned over the bed to dab the perspiration of my Miss's brow. But Bee flicked my hand away, and shot me a look of annoyance. Her master was back, and I had been pushed aside.

X's breathing slowed as he recovered from his climax, and he seemed to notice me for the first time. "Ah, Vicky," he said, "You're just in time. Come lie down next to me."

"Yes Sir," I said. Crawling into bed next to X, I looked at the smooth brown skin of Bee's beautiful back.

"Isn't she lovely?" asked X.

My heart swelled in my chest and I couldn't speak, so I nodded hastily -- yes!

X again placed his hands on Bee's bottom, and gently pushed her up off his hips. His cock slipped out of her ass, and he said "Keep squatting Bee."

"Yes Sir," she said.

A merely competent servant listens to her master, and carries out each order with alacrity. But a proper servant anticipates her master's needs and carries them out without needing instruction. I looked at Bee's beautiful ass again. Each cheek was like a fine round goblet, and I knew X wanted me to drink from it. I looked him in the eye and raised an eyebrow. He simply nodded, and I slid down the bed.

"Bee," said X, "squat over Vicky's face."

Bee giggled, and said "Yes Sir."

Bee did as she was told, squatting above my face. X slipped off the bed and wandered over to the breakfast tray, turning his back to me. God, how arrogant he was.

I placed a trembling hand on each of Bee's cheeks and pried them apart. I didn't know if I could do what X wanted me to do, and I felt a knot in my stomach. Bee let her weight rest partly on my hands. Here is what I saw:

Bee's tight soft pussy smiled sideways at me and appeared wet but un-mussed. It didn't appear that X had taken her there this morning. Even so, her thighs were sticky and fragrant with her pussy juice; she had clearly enjoyed having her ass fucked. And her ass -- oh God, her ass. Her cheeks were a bit flushed from the pounding, and sweat lined her crack from the exertion. Her anus, normally tight and brown, had taken on a slight pink hue. Butter, X's favorite lubricant, was smeared around her anus and her crack; I imagine he had to work pretty hard to get his big cock up that tiny ass.

My arms were beginning to tire from holding Bee's weight, so I surrendered to the inevitable: I lowered her ass until her anus hovered directly above my eyes. I wanted to stare as closely as possible at that most intimate spot on Bee's body, to drink in her anus with my eyes before I drank it with my mouth. I then moved my head a bit and rubbed my nose against her ass, breathing as deeply as I could. God! She was so clean, how did she do it? Even after the butter, even after X's cock came and went, Bee's fresh scent filled my lungs.

On Tuesday morning, when Bee was still pretending to submit to me, I had kissed her anus on impulse, but at that time I could not bring myself to move my tongue past my lips and into her ass. That was something I had never done to another woman, but I was determined not to miss the opportunity again. I loved my Miss and wanted to worship every inch of her. I had fantasized about her body as I slept alone in my maid's room , and so I did it -- I lowered Bee's ass to my mouth, pressed my lips to her bottom and traced a circle around her anus with my tongue. God, she tasted so good. I licked her ass again; Bee made no noise in response. Didn't it feel good? Didn't she want to feel my lips pressed against her ass to see how much I loved her?

Instead, she stiffened up a bit. In management lingo, you could say that Bee "kisses up and kicks down." Now that she had her Sir back, she was happy in his arms and didn't care how I felt. First, she took her hands off the bed and let the full weight of her ass rest on my face, making it hard for me to breath. Next, she held her hands on her cheeks and pulled them apart even further, stretching her well-fucked anus and said in a harsh tone:

"Vicky, tongue my asshole."

I tried to say "Yes Miss" but her ass smothered my face, so I wasted no time: I snaked my tongue out again and pressed it directly in the center of her rosebud. I wanted to lick her inside and out. But Bee wasn't cooperating; even though she had just been fucked she was squeezing her ring tightly shut, denying me the juice she knew Sir wanted me to drink. I tried again, this time swirling my tongue around her rim without trying too hard to press in, big, flat-tongued licks combined with little darts from the tip of my tongue. This time, she moaned and sighed -- even if she was determined to be angry with me she couldn't ignore the loving attention. I could feel her anus begin to relax again, and loved the salty, earthy taste as I drove my tongue deep up her ass.

This went on for a moment, then Bee said:

"Vicky, suck my asshole."

Oh God, Readers, I am so ashamed to write this: I made a ring with my lips and formed a seal against her anus. I sucked her asshole as if I were starving. She moaned and thrashed. I pushed my tongue as deeply as I could into her, and then sucked again. I couldn't help myself: without asking permission I reached one hand around Bee's front and put my hand on her drenched pussy, only to discover that one of her hands was already there. I helped her rub herself gently, and she didn't push away the attention.

I went on eating out her asshole while we both rubbed on her pussy and clit. She rocked on my face; I can't say the smothering and the pressure were comfortable but I was crazy in love with my Miss. Rocking and sucking, rocking and sucking, stroking and sucking, moaning and sucking, Miss's anus became more and more relaxed. Her breathing hastened, hastened, hastened, until suddenly she drew all her breath in and held still.

Bang! Her orgasm hit her and she let everything out in a rush. The breath left her body, and as her pussy squeezed with pleasure her asshole twitched and relaxed and I sucked and sucked and sucked feeling it twitch against my lips until X's cum burped out of Bee's ass and into my mouth. Oh God! how to describe the incredible taste?

Readers, have you ever been to Southeast Asia? In that part of the world grows a fruit called Durian. It's smell is so objectionable that most hotels have signs forbidding guests from carrying the Durian fruit indoors. But the taste -- once you have tasted one you cannot imagine what your life was like before you tasted the Durian. People get hooked on Durian and will go to any lengths to get it.

I tasted X's cum as it sat in my mouth fresh from Bee's asshole and knew I had found my Durian. So clean, but so sour, I could not bring myself to swallow this gift from my Miss because I did not want to forget the taste.

As I savored my mouthful of cum, Bee suddenly pulled herself off me and turned around. Without warning, she lay down on top of me and kissed me deeply. She wanted to taste Sir's cum as badly as I wanted to taste her ass, and we swirled our tongues together and pressed our lips passionately, both of us swallowing and licking. Bee raised a knee and pressed her thigh between my legs; I was so wet her leg slipped, so she anchored herself on the sheets and again pressed her thigh to my pussy. Locking lips, we rocked together silently like this, both of us exploring the other's chest with our hands: Bee feeling my big white tits and tweaking their pink nipples, me feeling Bee's smaller brown tits with their tight brown nipples. I opened my eyes briefly as in a waking dream and saw my Bee, my dear sweet Miss, crying. Oh God! Did this mean she loved me as much as I loved her? I kissed the tears from her face and rocked my pussy against her thigh and came and came and came with my Miss holding me tightly...

I must have dozed off for a few minutes after climaxing, because when I woke up X was sitting at the foot of the bed, eating a piece of fruit from the breakfast tray. Bee was sitting next to him, stroking his hair. Whatever she felt for me moments before I climaxed, she had hidden it again; the Ice Princess had returned and it was if I didn't exist. I thought I'd try my luck with X instead.

I slid down to the end of the bed and gently kissed his shoulder. His cock was still limp from cumming so recently, but I thought I could fix that. I kissed his chest; he is very fit and knows I might leave him if he ever got soft. I lightly bit his nipple, got no response, and so I bit it again, harder this time. I moved my hand over to his cock, which was still a bit damp from fucking Bee's ass. "Sir," I said, "let me clean you with a wash cloth."

"No Vicky," Bee said, and pointed to his penis, "mouth."

I looked at her and wondered how many ways she was willing to humiliate me. Still, I had just sucked X's cum right out of her ass, so why couldn't I suck his cock clean?

"Yes Miss," I said, and kissed my way down his chest. I put my head in his lap, looking his flaccid cock eye to eye, as it were. Readers, have I told you he has a beautiful cock? I've been so wrapped up writing about Bee that sometimes I forget that I had a fit, smart, wealthy cocksman on my arm. I nibbled the head of his cock, and it twitched. The same sour, intoxicating taste of Durian that I got from Bee's asshole wrapped X's cock, and I loved it. Taking this as a good sign, I pressed him back on the bed and got between his legs.

Again, I looked at his cock. He doesn't shave, but he trims himself well and keeps himself clean. I took the head in my mouth, gently sucking. I could still taste Bee's asshole on my tongue and I was thrilled to complete the circle: his cock to Bee's ass, Bee's ass to my mouth, my mouth to his cock. It twitched again and started to grow. Ever since I was a teenager and gave my first blowjob, I've loved the sensation of a soft cock growing hard in my mouth; it makes me feel so powerful and sexy. I looked up and made eye contact with X, who of course was watching me. This seemed to give X an idea.

"Bee," he said, "get the plug."

"Yes Sir," Bee said, and smiled as she got the butt plug from the breakfast tray.

"Now Bee, put the plug in Vicky's ass," X said.

"Yes Sir," she said. When Bee moved to get the butter for lubricant, X said, "No Bee, that won't be necessary."

Bee laughed; she was happy to hear that she could plug my ass without butter. I think she was jealous of Sir's attention.

I could feel Bee kneel behind me, and tried to relax in preparation. X's cock was getting hard at an amazing rate. I could tell this was really turning him on. He lifted his head so he could see over my shoulder.

Bee pressed the tip of the plug against my dry anus and I flinched, but I didn't stop sucking. X said, "No Bee, not like that."

Bee said "Sir?"

X said, "You have to help her Bee."

Bee looked unsure of herself, and said "Sir?"

X said, "With your mouth Bee, with your mouth."

"Sir?!?" Bee sounded wounded.

"Bee," said X, "don't make me ask twice." He added something in Thai.

"Yes Sir," said Bee, and sighed. I kept sucking cock, but my heart was racing. I tried to stay calm, but jumped a bit when the top of Bee's warm tongue touched my anus. Oh.... I moaned around X's cock. Bee licked again, and I was mad with desire. I wished I could take a Polaroid of this moment like she had done to me!

I felt her pull away from my ass briefly. She spit on my asshole and smacked one cheek, hard! I cried out a bit -- that hurt! And it seemed so disrespectful, like something straight from a porn movie. She spit again, and spanked the other cheek.

"Kiss it Bee," X growled, and Bee returned her face between my cheeks. How was I to feel? I loved Bee with all my heart, and only wanted to serve her and make her happy. She was making no secret of the fact that she didn't want to be kissing my ass, whether for personal taste or because she thought it improper for a Miss to kiss her maid's anus, I don't know. At the same time, even though I felt badly for her, it felt soooo goddamn good. She flicked her tongue in and out, up and town from my the slit of my pussy to the top of my tailbone and back again, often stopping to lick and nibble my clit. She really knew how to lick a pussy. My bottom began to feel squirmy and I tried to push myself back onto Bee's face but she pulled away. I bobbed my head up and down X's now hard cock.

Bee took her mouth from my ass and I could hear her lick the plug like a lollipop. X was getting into it, sometimes laying flat on his back, sometimes looking over my shoulder at the action behind my ass. He gently held the sides of my head, running his fingers through my hair. Bee pressed the tip of the plug against my anus and I again tried to relax. I knew it was coming any time, and her spit had lubed me as much as I was going to be lubed (which was actually pretty lubed -- she sure could lick a girl). My pussy was tingling from the attention and the anticipation.

Bee nestled the head of the plug inside my anus and let it rest there a moment. X said, "Ready Bee?"
