 I picked Vickie up a couple of streets away from her house as she didn't want any neighbours to notice her driving off with a strange man. She loosened her coat once we were driving to show me her simple, black dress. It was obvious from the way her nipples were pushing against the thin material that she wasn't wearing a bra and, before I could ask, she pulled up the hem the two or three necessary inches to show me she wasn't wearing panties.

'Very nice,' I grinned, forcing myself to keep my eyes on the road.

'Where are you taking me?' she asked excitedly, smoothing her dress down again.

'There's a great little pub about forty minutes drive from here. To get there, we have to pass a car park tucked away under some trees.'

'And you're going to pull in there on the way back and fuck me?'

'That's the plan,' I nodded.

'And then where are you going to take me, when I'm leaking your cum?' she asked.

'To a pub I know that has half a dozen bar stools.'

I heard her suck in her breath before giggling.

'And you want me to perch on one of them so you can sneak a look at my cunt?'

'And take a photo,' I said, patting the camera I had in my pocket.

'I'm getting wet just thinking about it,' she told me.

'Prove it.'

'You'll have to stop if you want to see.'

'I don't need to see. Get your fingers wet and let me lick them.'

'You're dirty,' she giggled, reaching under her dress.

Several times during the meal, she touched my lips. Each time I could taste the pussy juice on her fingertips.

'Still hard?' she would ask softly.

'You are going to get so nailed, later,' I promised her.

'God, I certainly hope so,' she grinned.

Four hours later, I pulled the memory card out of the camera and slotted it into my laptop.

'Oh my God!' she breathed delightedly as we looked at the picture we had taken.

The first was of her sprawled on the back seat of my car. Her dress was up around her hips and also off one shoulder so that, as well as her cunt, she was also showing a hard-nippled breast.

'I look a real slut,' she said with some satisfaction. 'Look, you can see how wet I am.'

The next picture was of her on her knees sucking my dick followed by one of her on her back with my dick half way in. Next there were two of her perched on a bar stool, smiling prettily and holding up her glass as though she was toasting me. A more careful look showed her thighs parted just enough – and her dress to have been pulled up just high enough – for the flash to reflect off the moisture that seeped from her cunt onto the tops of her thighs.

'Perfect,' she giggled. 'Only you could have seen what the camera saw.'

The last set of pictures were taken in my bedroom and showed Vickie in a series of increasingly lewd poses. The last five were of her kneeling on the bed. The first showed the perfect symmetry of her beautifully rounded ass; the second was of her pulling her ass cheeks apart to show the lube I had applied; in the third the head of my dick was poised to enter; the fourth showed it fully inserted and the fifth showed her ass gaping open and oozing cum, while she looked back cheekily.

'I love them,' she said happily. 'But I daren't take them home.'

'Then we can either keep them on my computer or delete them.'

'Oh, we can't delete them. You hang onto them for the time being.' She gave a little giggle. 'Maybe we can add to them.'

I saved the images to a new folder on my computer and then deleted them from the memory card, before sliding it back into my camera. Then I shut down the computer and pushed it under the bed. We had showered after our ass fuck and looking at the pictures had got us both aroused again.

'We'd better make the most of tonight,' she said wistfully. 'Simon's back tomorrow and I've no idea when I'll next get the chance to see you.'

I was barely able to stay awake at work the next day and almost grateful to be able to go to bed early and have a long, uninterrupted, night's sleep. The next I heard from Vickie was more than two weeks later and came in the form of an email. As I read the message I could almost hear her speaking and my dick responded immediately.

'Hi, Harry. How's my favourite lover? I'm missing that wonderful dick of yours and the things you do with it and the way it makes me feel. I'm trying to get Simon to loosen up a little (all right, a lot!) but so far not having a lot of success. I even shaved my pussy to encourage him to spend more time down there (see attached photo – what do you think?).

The trouble is, Harry, I'm having to settle for quantity rather than quality and I'm beginning to think Simon's looking for excuses not to fuck me. I've always had a greedy pussy but since you've shown me how good it can be and how much difference all those dirty little tricks can make, I can't help feeling frustrated.

Fuck, Harry, you wouldn't believe how wet I am writing this (although knowing me as you do, you probably would believe it), thinking about what you do with your hands and fingers and tongue. I want to suck your dick and lick your balls and shove my tongue up your ass and the sad things is, if Simon would only let me do half those things to him – and him to me – I'd be perfectly happy and wouldn't be writing this.

Can you get an afternoon off so we can spend it in your bed? Soon? Please? V.'

I frowned as I reached the end. This was not how the affair was supposed to go. I wrote a careful reply, suggesting they needed to sit down and talk it through, trying to make each other understand how they both felt – maybe even see a sex therapist for an unbiased, professional opinion.

And I ended by telling her how cute her shaved pussy looked and how much I'd love to get up close and personal to it and to let me know which afternoon would be good for her.

She arrived, looking perky and mischievous and the first thing she did was lift her skirt to show me both her lack of panties and her clean-shaven cunt. The second thing she did was to more or less rip my clothes off, then her own and we spent the next three hours fucking each other's brains out.

Three weeks later I received another email.

'Hi, Harry. Guess who? I think I need another afternoon with you. Simon's definitely avoiding having sex. I think he's a bit frightened of my demands. We went to a sex therapist. I think the only reason Simon agreed was because he thought the therapist would take his side. Unfortunately, she said that, while my needs were less conventional than most, there was nothing deviant or unnatural about them and as long as we both enjoyed ourselves there was no harm in it. The trouble was, Simon didn't enjoy even thinking about them, let alone actually doing them, so we didn't get very far and he didn't talk to me for a couple of days.

Then, last night, we sat down for another long talk and he admitted he couldn't satisfy me the way I wanted to be satisfied but he didn't want us to break up, either. Obviously I told him I didn't want to leave him, but I needed more in the bedroom.

And guess what? He actually suggested that maybe I should find someone just to have sex with. That way, I would be satisfied, sexually and, that aside, we could carry on as before.

I have to tell you, Harry, just the idea that I could fuck you anytime I wanted; that we could snowball and ass-fuck to our hearts content – and who knows what else – turned me on instantly.

What do you think? Do you fancy being my official, approved, lover? I know you don't love me and I certainly don't love you, but we are good in bed together and I know there's all sorts of dirty, nasty stuff we haven't tried. As long as it was just physical, just good, dirty fun, I think it would work.

Either way, can you get tomorrow afternoon off? V.'

The next day, she didn't mention Simon's suggestion until she was dressing again. We had been too busy fucking.

'What do you think about me being your mistress?' she asked.

'Huh?' I muttered vaguely, having been miles away, watching her roll on her stay-up stockings.

She smiled, straightened up and smoothed down her dress.

'How do you fancy having a mistress?'

'Oh.' I was still in bed, feeling extremely pleased with myself. 'I think it's a great idea.'

'Me too. I'm hoping you're going to introduce me to all sorts of dirty stuff.'

'I could do that,' I grinned. 'But how would it work?'

'Simple. We just arrange to meet a couple of times a week,' she shrugged.

'Okay. But would you stay the night or would you have to get home by a certain time? I mean, I presume I could take you to parties and such like, but how about taking you away for a dirty weekend?'

'As long as it really was a dirty weekend,' she giggled, 'I guess I could manage it. Simon probably wouldn't mind me staying out all night now and again, just not every time we saw each other.'

'Then let's give it a go.'

'Excellent. I like the idea of having a lover – and being someone's mistress. What? Why are you looking at me like that?'

'There's a party I was thinking about going to on Saturday.'

'I'll clear it with Simon. I'm sure he'll be fine about it. In fact he'll probably be glad to have a night to himself.'

'Only it might get a little wild.'

'Wild in what way?' she asked curiously.

'Wait and see. I don't want you going pre-conceived ideas.'

'Now you've really whetted my curiosity. What shall I wear?'

'Whatever you like. I'm not giving anything away.'

'Spoilsport,' she grinned, sticking her tongue out at me. 'Right, providing Simon agrees, I'll come straight over after we've eaten.'

'Okay. Bye, sexy. Thanks for a good afternoon.'

'And thanks to you too!'

'You've brought me to a sex party!' she said, not sure whether to be angry or amused.

'Come outside and I'll explain,' I urged, leading her out onto the patio where there were a number of chairs around a table.

'So explain,' she said, once we were sitting down.

'First, it's not a sex party as such. As things start to heat up, those who aren't interested leave. You've enjoyed yourself so far, haven't you?'

'I guess. Although now I know it's developing into a sex party I can understand why so many guys tried to hit on me so obviously.'

'Right. Well, second, you said your sex life with Simon is kind of vanilla and you were looking to me to provide some interesting variations.'

'True. But having sex with half a dozen guys in one evening is taking it a bit far, don't you think?'

'For you, yes. For some of the women here, not at all. Oh, and thirdly, no-one is going to try and force you to do anything you don't want to do, even if we stay and see what goes on.'

Realising I hadn't assumed she would be joining whatever sex games might occur, she relaxed a little.

'I gather you have been a fully participating, er, guest, at parties like this?'

'On occasion, yes.'

'And did you really think I would want to join in?'

'No, of course not. I would have been surprised if you had. And I did warn you it might get a little wild.'

'You did,' she agreed. 'So, as things appear to be heading that way, what are you proposing?'

'I thought you might like to sort of drift about a bit and see what's going on.'

'Watch people having sex, you mean?' she said, smiling for the first time since we came outside.

'Basically, yes. But you might also see a few things you'd like to try.'

'You mean in private, not here, tonight?'

'That would be up to you. If you wanted to dip your toe in the water . . . ' I said with a shrug.

'Somehow I doubt it. But I am a little curious as to what goes on.'

'Shall we go back inside?'

'And drift about?'

'Yes.'

'All right.'

Holding my hand more tightly than was necessary, we wandered through the house. Quite a lot of people had left, but those that remained had given up any pretence of wanting to do anything other than have sex.

We passes couples in various stages of undress exploring their partners' bodies as well as naked couples who had passed that stage and were happily fucking. The air was heavy with both the sounds and the smells of sex and Vickie was fascinated, drinking in the sights and, occasionally pausing to watch a particular scene.

She seem particularly interested in the sight of a tall, lean redhead who was bent over the arm of a chair. She was wearing a red and black basque and nothing else apart from black stockings, attached by suspenders to the corset. While she was busily sucking the dick of the man sitting in the chair, a small grey-haired man, who could have been anything from fifty to sixty, was carefully applying lube to her fully exposed ass.

As we watched, he slipped the lube back into his jacket pocket and unzipped his flies to produce a small, rigid dick. Taking a firm hold of the redhead's hips, he pushed it slowly into her. Her only reaction was to lift her head to give a loud moan. Seconds later she was sucking again, pushing her hips back at the same time, to meet the assault on her ass.

'My God!' Vickie breathed. 'Do you think she knows either of those guys?'

'Who can say?' I grinned. 'She seems happy enough, anyway.'

'Doesn't she just!'

We moved on. By the time we had toured the house, we had seen threesomes, foursomes and girl-on-girl action as well as couples. And, despite being with me, Vickie had received several offers from men and one or two from women, all of which she turned down with a friendly smile.

'I can't say it's not tempting though,' she admitted as, back in the kitchen, we found ourselves a drink. 'I mean, I've never really been into the idea of casual sex, let alone doing it in public, but when everyone else starts doing it, it becomes kind of infectious.'

'It's not too late to change your mind,' I murmured, leaning in to brush my lips against her neck.

She shivered and reached up to pull my lips to hers, kissing me hungrily and pressing her body hard against mine. I backed her slowly against the wall and reached under her dress. Once again she had come out without underwear and, once again, she was very wet.

'Can we find somewhere?' she panted. 'Other than this kitchen?'

Our drinks forgotten I led her back into the lounge. As luck would have it, a couple were just getting up off one of the sofas and I quickly pulled Vickie down onto it next to me. We were kissing again almost before we'd settled. As we did, her fingers unfastened my jeans and closed around my straining dick.

'Are you feeling as horny as I am?' she asked, in between kisses, her breathing shallow and jerky.

'Of course I am. This is like being in the middle of a live porn show.'

'Except we're going to become part of it,' she said, with a quick, nervous giggle.

'It's a combination of exhibitionism and voyeurism.'

'Whatever, let's do it.'

She leaned back and pulled up her dress. I leaned over her and waited for her fingers to guide my dick to her cunt. Then I simply thrust slowly and she moaned as she felt me filling her.

'Oh, God, yes!' she gasped, arching her back to grind her pubic bone against mine.

We were both more than a little aroused and we fucked hard and fast, with Vickie meeting each of my thrusts with one of her own. She came very quickly, followed a dozen or so thrusts later by myself. I pulled out slowly and we grinned at each other.

'Was anyone watching?' she whispered.

'Probably,' I shrugged.

'May I?' I voice came from over my shoulder.

Vickie's eyes widened and I glanced over my shoulder to see a naked guy standing behind me. Naked and erect. I looked back at Vickie who was staring at his dick, her face a mixture of lust and indecision.

'Your call,' I said, softly, moving to one side.

Taking her hesitation for permission, the guy moved between her still, wide-spread thighs and took her with a slow thrust. Vickie yelped in surprise and I thought for a moment she was going to push him off but then her natural lasciviousness took over as the sensation kicked in and she wrapped her arms around him instead of pushing him away.

I sat on the arm of the sofa, watching her getting more and more into being fucked by a complete stranger in front of a roomful of other strangers. By the time the guy finished, with a series of grunts accompanying his short strokes, I was hard again. Vickie looked so lost in lust and was responding so eagerly, I was surprised there wasn't a queue forming. Just to be on the safe side, when the guy nodded his thanks and moved away, I slipped back onto the sofa and pulled her on top of me.

She opened her eyes slowly , focussed on me and gave me a broad grin.

'You're hard again.'

'Watching you fucking that guy . . . ' I sighed.

She laughed, wriggled, pushed down and I found my dick slipping easily inside her.

'I'm so full of cum,' she told me.

'I know. I can feel it.'

'Did it really turn you on, watching me?'

'God, yes! You looked so intense, as though you were really enjoying it.'

'I was,' she sighed, moving slowly above me. 'Look around, people are still licking and sucking and fucking and no-one cares what anyone else is doing. It's amazing.'

'Er, excuse me . . . ' a soft, hesitant voice interrupted us.

We both turned our heads to see the grey-haired guy who had ass-fucked the red-head.

'Only you look so lovely with your dress up around your waist and your bottom moving so invitingly . . . '

I looked at Vickie and tried not to laugh. She closed her eyes for a moment and then opened them to look enquiringly at me.

'Your call,' I grinned.

'This is ridiculous,' she said.

'I know.'

'Oh, what the hell! Just don't ever bring me to one of these things again.' She turned to the man who was hovering hopefully. 'If you can manage without me having to change position, be my guest.'

She turned back to me as the man promptly produced his tube of lube and tenderly, almost reverently, began applying it.

Remarkably, possibly because he'd done this sort of thing many times before, the guy managed to insert himself without disturbing either of us or, indeed, making any contact apart from with his dick and, from time to time, his belly and the tops of his thighs against Vickie.

'How is it?' I asked her, hardly moving as she rocked against the man.

'Surprisingly enjoyable,' she panted, biting her lip to stifle a moan. 'Two men at the same time, I could get to like this.'

Five minutes later, the man shivered, grunted and withdrew just as deferentially as he had mounted her. Vickie shook her head in wonder at what she had just allowed to happen and then looked down at me.

'I'm nearly there. Finish me off and let's get out of here. I've had enough.'

She started riding me vigorously, eager for us both to cum and achieving it a few minutes later. Once she had caught her breath she climbed off me and pulled down her dress. I sat up and tucked myself away.

'Do you want to shower?' I asked.

'No. I want to leave before another complete stranger talks me into having sex with them. I can shower at your place.'

She giggled as she settled into my car.

'If you find some stains on the seat tomorrow it's your fault. I'm leaking like mad.'

An hour later, having spent some fifteen minutes in the shower, she joined me in bed and picked up the mug of tea I'd made her.

'That was crazy,' she said.

'The party?'

'What I did at the party. I still can't believe I had sex with a complete stranger who I never spoke a single word to and then let some guy with an anal fetish fuck my ass while I was fucking you.'

'It was certainly different.'

'It was all of that,' she agreed, 'and I don't regret my hour of madness but it's not something I'd want to do again.'

'What about having two men all to yourself – in the privacy of a bedroom?'

She giggled.

'Oh God, I did say I fancied that, didn't I? I suppose if I fancied the guy – and knew him a little – then the idea of having you and him keeping me amused for a few hours might be fun. Do you have someone in mind?' she finished cautiously.
