 Katie and I hadn't been with Becca and Steve for a few months. We met them for dinner and stuff, but nothing sexually. Busy work schedules and family activities ruled for a while. Katie and I really wanted another get together, but did not want to seem too anxious or aggressive. We figured that they will let us know when it fits into their time schedule. 

Late in the summer, our kids went away for the weekend. Katie and I planned to be on the boat all weekend. Just so happens that Becca and Steve had a free weekend and decided to join us. Katie was busting at the seems with the possibility of more sexual encounters with them. I was too, but I was just a little more reserved with my excitement. I was dying to see just how far things would go. I wasn't even sure if I really wanted it, but I kinda figured that there would be some full-on swapping eventually. 

The first 2 sex gigs with them seemed a little orchestrated. They kinda set the stage for things to happen. That was not a bad thing, just something new. This time, the boating plans took shape so fast, that I don't think anybody had time to plan anything. If any sex was going to happen, it would be purely spontaneous. Still, I couldn't help but hope I would actually get to fuck Becca. And, I was just as excited wondering if I would get to see Steve fuck my wife. 

Katie was nervous with excitement and anticipation of the coming weekend. We never really spoke, but I think both of us wanted to do some full bore swapping. I think Katie wanted Steve's cock as much as I wanted Becca's pussy. On Saturday morning she seemed extra giddy and nervous. She even got dressed with the bathroom door closed. That's unusual for her as she usually leaves it open. I kinda figured that something was up, and decided to leave her alone. I would find out soon enough and planned to make the most of whatever opportunity came my way. I could see she was really looking forward to this weekend and figured she had some desires to be filled. 

When she came out of the bathroom, I planted a big kiss on her. She wrapped her arms around me and returned the kiss with a great deal of passion. I think that calmed her down a little as she had a little sway in her hips as she walked out of the bedroom. 

Saturday shaped up to be a great boating day. Hot and sunny, with no air movement. As usual, the girls wore very tight fitting cover-ups. Both of them have some gorgeous curves and look good in tight clothing. Katie almost always wears crop tops which show her sexy tummy. She even wore some extra short shorts, which barely covered her beautifully round ass. She put one of the dangling charms in her pierced naval as she knows I love the slutty look of them. 

For some reason, the lake wasn't crowded at all. We found our favorite cove which happened to be deserted. We pulled the boat deep into the cove and dropped anchor. The girls wasted no time at getting their cover-ups off. Both of them had bought new bikinis and they looked awesome. I have been working on getting Katie to buy a true string bikini. One that ties up high on the hips and has the triangle top which slides along the strings. The material on the top can be slid so it covers less of her boobs, allowing them to be exposed more. This one was pretty small and surely not one that she would normally wear. But this was going to be a special occasion and she decided to go with it. 

Both girls plopped down on the sun pad and began to soak up the rays. Katie has a perfect summer tan and some incredible tan lines. I am a real tan line lover and she knows it. She makes sure they are crisp and sharp. Just seeing her lay up there made my dick half hard. Steve and I were sitting in the captain's chairs facing the girls. Steve got up and grabbed the tanning oil. 

"Hey Katie, maybe I should put some of this on you, I know how much your hubby loves your tan lines. They can never be too perfect you know.'

Katie didn't even reply, she just rolled on her tummy with a huge smile on her face. Becca hopped down onto the bench seat which allowed Katie to spin around taking up all the room on the sun pad. There wasn't really any room for Steve to kneel next to her and she knew it. The only option was for him to straddle her which he did. Becca took up a spot in the corner of the bench seat and had a perfect spot for watching. She looked at me with a very seductive grin and returned her stare to the other two. 

Steve climbed up and straddled Katie's ass without any hesitation. His balls were right below the bottom of her bikini. He opened the oil and poured some on his hand. He began to rub it into her shoulders very slow and methodically. He appeared to lean forward far enough that his cock would push down onto Katie's ass very lightly. Light or not, Katie knew it and eventually would begin to use it to her advantage. Steve untied the strings of Katie's bikini top. 

"Let me get these out of the way, so the oil doesn't ruin them."

He seemed to make a nice excuse, which we all knew was bullshit. This was his way of getting closer to taking Katie's top off. But that was the purpose of what was happening, whether we wanted to admit it or not. Steve made sure to catch the drips as they ran down her sides. He also made sure to get some oil on the side of her very curvy hips, waist and sides of her boobs, which were squirting out from underneath her as she lay flat on her stomach. Katie turned to face me and the look on her face was of pure sexual lust. It was pretty obvious that she wanted to fuck Steve and I wanted to see it happen. 

All of the the sudden, Steve had a stupid grin on his face. He rubbed oil all over his own chest and then lay down on Katie and used his chest to apply it to her back. Again, this was just his way of moving things right along and it was actually a pretty clever idea. He made sure to slide up and down and side to side. Katie squirmed underneath him and I could tell he was grinding his big cock into her ass crack. He was so caught up in the lust of it, that at one point,he even lifted his chest up and watched himself grind his dick into her ass. Now it wasn't even about him oiling her up as much as it was him getting her primed for a fucking. 

Katie moaned and groaned and held her eyes shut tightly. She reached forward with one hand and grabbed onto one the handles and pushed her ass back to match the pressure of Steve grinding into her. Then Steve sat back upright and adjusted his erect cock. Katie reached behind her and started to rub his cock right through his shorts. She even maneuvered her hand up his shorts and began to stroke him off. Becca got up and motioned for Steve to lift himself up. She tugged his shorts off and he sat back down with his thick cock resting in my wife's ass crack. 

He went back to rubbing some oil on Katie's lower back and hips. Then he untied the strings from both sides of her bikini bottoms. 

"I better untie these too, so the oil doesn't ruin them."

Katie just giggled and Becca shook her head at his goofy remark. Steve untied them and then lifted himself up. He pulled the backside of her bottoms down, revealing her smooth white ass, with the perfect tan lines. Steve took a moment to catch the view and licked his lips in greedy anticipation. He rested his weight back down on Katie and lay his cock flat against her ass crack. His huge ball sack was hanging down between her inner thighs and must have been touching her pussy from behind. Now, he didn't even bother with the oil, he just began to grind him tool all over her ass. And she was loving every minute of it. 

Steve applied a little more oil on his cock which dribbled into her crack. He grabbed her hips again and thrust his meaty dick deep into her crack like a hot dog in a bun. He began to thrush as if her were fucking her, but he was just using her ass crack to get himself off. Just once he let his cock fall between her legs and allowed his big knob to rub her pussy slit. Then it was right back to humping her ass crack. He picked up the pace and really started going at it. He made a face that told me he was just about done. 

He grabbed his tool and began to jerk his man juice all over Katie's back. He unleashed load after load of thick white strings of sperm which looked so slutty as it splattered all over my wife. Just like that, he hopped up and pulled his shorts back on. Katie didn't even see him do that until after a moment when she turned around thinking that there would be more. 

"Hey, what are you doing? Don't you think it's my turn to get off?"

"Now, Now, my dear, that was just a warm up. Later on, you'll be glad that I did that just now."

Katie looked at me with a very excited expression. Now she knew full well that she was going to get Steve's cock inside her. She seemed frustrated for the moment, but she knew that the waiting would pay off in the long run. 

"My turn." Becca startled us with. 

She dropped to her knees and crawled over to me. She spread my legs and pressed her big tits tightly up against my crotch. Of course that just gave me an instant erection, which she knew as it was pressing against her big tits. While leaning against me, she began to caress my tummy and chest. She knew I liked my nipples licked and leaned in to do just that. She flicked her tongue all over both of them. I entwined my hand in her hair and pulled her in so she would continue. After a few moments, I pulled her face away and leaned down to kiss her. 

Our tongues danced wildly as they explored each others moistness. I made eye contact with Katie who seemed to be enjoying the sight. Steve was busy rubbing his dick through his shorts and was even half hard again. Becca sucked my tongue as if she was sucking my cock and I knew that there was no going back now. 

She pulled away and looked at me very seductively and licked her lips. She slid her hand up my shorts and used her fingernails to scratch my balls every so slightly. Her nails were perfectly manicured with the sluttiest color purple to match her suit. She had these little designs painted on them. I couldn't wait to see them wrapped around my cock. She slid her hand further up my shorts and stroked my cock very slowly, just a couple times. Then she pulled her hand out and tugged a the bottom of my shorts. 

That was my signal to let her remove them, which she did quickly. Becca stared at my cock for just a moment before going to work. She wrapped her hand around the base of my cock and began to slowly jerk me off. She spit a little glob for lubrication and made sure to stoke my entire length. Her other hand fondled my dangling balls and she teased them with her sharp nails. 

Becca pulled my erection towards her and took my knob into her warm moist mouth. She sucked it like she would suck a straw and the sensation was phenomenal. She pursed her lips and slid them all over my knob and made little slutty sucking noises. I put one hand on the back of her head to make sure she stayed down there, but did not really push her down. She was doing fine on her own. 

Her lips gripped my bulbous knob and she began to bob up and down, only taking in an inch or so. She really generated some sucking power and it felt my she was going to suck the knob right off my dick. Out of nowhere, she took my entire length into her mouth. I let out a huge gasp and lost my breath for just a moment. Her lips clamped down on my root as she adjusted to my whole cock in her mouth. Then, she pulled her tightly clamped lips up the entire length until the head popped out with a little slurping sound. What a total slut. 

"Hey buddy, how does it feel to have my wife sucking your dick?"

"Pretty damn good. Probably as much fun as you using my wife's ass to get yourself off."

"Yeah, I saw the opportunity and decided to go with it, hope you don't mind."

Becca never missed a beat and squatted down further onto the floor. She looked up at me and stuck her tongue out to lick my ball sack. She spread my legs further apart and pushed my knees up towards my chest. She twirled her tongue around the very sensitive underside of my sack and then flicked it across my taint. My whole body flinched in response and she proceeded to do it a few more times. I broke out in goose bumps as she focused in my most ultra sensitive spots. She was good at it, and she knew all the right places to hit. 

She stopped long enough to turn around and motion for Katie to join her. Katie then crawled over and got between my wide spread legs with her. Together, they tongued my cock head and allowed their tongues to explore each others also. What a site, my wife and her best friend, giving me a double blow job, while kissing each other. Becca took up her position below my balls again and started to kiss and suck a little more enthusiastically. Katie raised herself up and took my rock hard erection in her warm mouth. As Becca sucked my balls into her mouth, Katie picked up the pace with the blow job. 

She began to bob up and down rapidly, taking the full length deep into her hot mouth, as Becca sucked my balls and tickled my taint. My body was alive with electricity as I squirmed constantly. As Katie really got into sucking me off, Steve moved in behind them. Both girls were on their knees, almost bent over into the doggy position. Steve pulled their bikini bottoms aside and thrust his sausage fingers deep into their pussies. He rubbed their slits and clits feverishly. Neither of them missed a beat and really began to suck me off even more aggressively. 

I could feel Katie's mouth vibrate slightly as she moaned and ground while Steve fingered her pussy from behind. Becca's mouth had to come off my balls every so often so as to catch her breath. Steve had both of them worked into a frenzy and I was waiting to watch them both cum. Sure enough, Becca pulled away from my balls and ripped out a very deep orgasm. Somehow, Katie managed to keep sucking me off while she came. She let out a few muffled moans and groans, but kept on sucking my cock wildly. 

That was enough for me as I pulled her off my slobbery cock and stood in front of both of their sweaty faces. I tugged my cock and began to milk my cum onto their faces. I actually surprised myself with my cum shot as it was more than normal. But then again, this was not our usual sexual activities. I planted some thick stringy blasts of cum across Becca's beautiful face and aimed the next shot at Katie. Katie made sure I got some in her mouth, and whatever missed, she scooped up and sucked it down.  

Then, Katie licked all the jizz from Becca's coated face. They finished it off with some deep french kissing, which allowed them to share the cum with each other. I fell back into the chair and watched them kiss. My dick was still hard and I wondered what was going to happen next. 

"Let's go back to our place. We can get cleaned up, get more comfortable and have more room to work with." Becca exclaimed. 

I wasted no time in pulling up the anchor and making time back to the ramp. We got back to their house and we all took showers to get the sweat and oil off our bodies. Katie and I kissed very deeply and passionately in the shower. 

"I am so ready for this honey. I hope Steve fucks me today, I have wanted his cock in my pussy so bad lately. I thought it was going to happen on the boat. But the anticipation is killing me, so I hope it's soon."

"Yeah, I figured you were ready. I wanna fuck Becca just as bad. But I want to see you get fucked by Steve as much as you do. Let's just see how it goes and hope for the best."

Even though Becca and Steve originally said that we would do everything except sex with each other, neither of us were interested in following the rules. We both figured that we have already gone this far, who is really going to stop at that level. Full on swapping was only a matter of time, sooner or later. Hopefully sooner. 

We kissed even more and soaped up each other until we were squeaky clean. Katie put on her hot pink short cheer shorts with no panties and a black sports bra. Her shorts were so short and tight, that it magnified her bulging pussy mound. She showed off the fattest camel toe I have seen from her. She was ripe for a fucking and she made sure that she presented it well. 

She also put on her huge slutty hoop earrings, which really set it the outfit off. It may not be everybody else's cup of tea, but I like the different looks. I put on some baggy plaid lounge shorts with elastic waist and no drawers. I didn't wanna have to fuss with a zipper and buttons when it came time for action. 

We met Becca and Steve in the sex room and there welcomed us very happily. Becca had on a tight tank top and an insanely short tennis skirt. As she sat Indian style, I noticed that she did not have panties on either. Her pussy lips were still tightly closed and her vulva bulging was baby smooth. My cock really appreciated her apparel choice, as both girls were the looking like the ultimate slut. Steve was dressed just like me in a pair of loose shorts. 

The bed that was in the middle of the room last time, was moved to the side. A huge 4 foot x 8 foot cushioned table was in its place. The table looked more like a big project table, but was covered in some very soft vinyl padding. There were some soft handles sewn in all around the perimeter. Make No mistake about it, this table was designed for sex, most likely, due the the size of it, group sex. 

Steve was sitting at the end of the table with his legs hanging over the edge. Becca was sitting next to him, Indian style, but leaning back with her palms flat on the table. Katie looked at me and headed towards Steve. She even skipped along like a little school girl. She stopped between his spread legs and they took a moment to look at each other. Steve reached out with his huge hands and grabbed Katie by her tiny waist to pull her in close to him. The began to kiss and were both very comfortable in doing so. Katie just stood there, somewhat submissive and allowed Steve to caress her hips and waist with his fingertips. She would squirm just a little as he must have hit some of her ticklish spots. 

Steve's cock got hard very quickly and Katie's hand went right for it. She reached in through the open fly slit of his shorts and grabbed a handful of his meat. It only lasted a minute before she motioned for him to take the shorts off. He lifted up and she pulled them down in one swift move. She moved right back and they continued from where they left off. Steve's cock is not the longest in the world, but it sure is thick. Katie's little hand does not even go all the way around his girth. His cock is big enough on its own, but her little hand makes it look even bigger. 

However, he was blessed with an enormous cock head. How he gets that thing into a woman's cunt, I don't know, but somehow he manages it. I'm sure Becca is used to it by now as she has been getting his bone for well over 20 years. But I guess, with a few minutes time and some lube, he could fuck all but the tightest pussies. Anyhow, I figured it was only a matter of time until I would get to see it first hand. 

They continued to French kiss very deeply. Steve's hands were all over Katie's tanned, curvy body. She continued to jerk his meat steadily which caused his huge balls to bounce around like jumping beans. After a few moments, Steve's hand went to Katie's crotch and she gasped in response. Her shorts were insanely tight and her butt cheeks were peeking out very cutely. I was at a great angle to see his big old fingers rubbing Katie's bulging vulva, right through the material of her tight shorts. 

Steve grabbed the bottom of Katie's sports bra. She instinctively raised her hands and he lifted it over head and tossed it aside. Her gorgeous but slightly saggy MILF boobs spilled out and jiggled. His eye widened as he took in the sight of her milky white boobs with the very distinct tan lines. He reached out and cupped one and began to massage it every so softly. 
