 Ethan and I always enjoyed open communication and continuously stove toward keeping our love life fresh & exciting. He never let me down as a lover, he was enthusiastic & adventurous, he embraced the naughty girl within & loved me more for it. Like most men, Ethan's ultimate fantasy was to have a threesome, in our forties it was somewhat shocking to discover he'd never had one. Unbeknownst to him, I decided to seek out a third, and surprise him with her presence. There was no denying the fact that bringing a third into our bedroom without forewarning could backfire on me, however the mischievous side of me could not resist! Naturally, being Ethan's fantasy, our threesome would consist of the two of us and another woman. I'd done both in the past favoring two men, however this night was about fulfilling Ethan's fantasy, another woman being a must, and I was ok with that. My preference was men, I loved cock, BUT more than cock... I loved to please. I wanted to give Ethan his greatest desires. Knowing a threesome was about fantasy and NOT feelings I knew I needed to very carefully select our surprise third. A successful third could not be someone close to either Ethan or I, and must be one who can easily remove her feelings from the experience. Fortunately, I knew just the gal! Paige a single 28-year-old law student, young, beautiful, single, career focused, uninterested in a relationship BUT very interested in a raucous sex life.

Feeling it was important for us to establish a certain level of comfort with one another before the night began, I invited Paige to our loft an hour before Ethan was expected. The lights were low, the loft lit with candles, a soft playlist quietly setting the mood of the evening. As the clock struck closer to 7, I found myself nervous, excited & apprehensive. Nervous Ethan may not be receptive to my surprise & incredibly aroused at the notion of fulfilling this fantasy for him. Lost in my thoughts the doorbell rang, my cheeks flushed & heart skipped a beat as I approached the door. Opening the door, I felt a tinge of envy as I observed Paige's youth & beauty, I knew Ethan would be very pleased with my choice. Paige, with her long blond hair in loose curls over her shoulders was a natural beauty, she had made sure to pay special attention to her appearance & I could barely contain my excitement for Ethan! 

I welcomed Paige into our home & lead her into the kitchen, pouring us a glass of wine. Catching me completely off guard Paige put one hand around my waist and the other on the nape of my neck as she tenderly leaned in to kiss me. Her lips were soft and lush, she tasted sweet, I found myself slowly parting my lips to allow her tongue to enter my mouth where she continued to explore me with curiosity & confidence. As quickly as the kiss began, it ended, with Paige declaring "good, we got that out of the way". Looking intently into each others eyes we giggled, then proceeded to the living area to devise our plan of attack! I did not want the night scripted or planned, however, I did have a very naughty introduction we needed to coordinate, otherwise I intended for the night to unfold as organically as possible.

Ethan arrived home slightly tardy, observing the ambiance it was easy to see he was pleasantly surprised! Ethan knew whenever he arrived home to this sort of setting, a fun night in the bedroom ensued, although I fretted this night, I may have gone too far. Greeting him at the door I gave him a soft, sensual kiss, he responded with need & hunger pulling me tightly into him, I was thrilled to discover his cock was already engorged. I kissed Ethan again, and without a word took his hand and lead him to the bedroom. Gazing into his eyes I undressed him with urgency & silence, I couldn't help but wonder how he was going to react to his introduction to Paige. Ethan was always up for anything, which was part of his attraction & although I believed he was going to love what was coming, there was no denying the nervous butterflies dancing through my stomach. 

I requested Ethan lay on his back at the opposite end of our bed, once he was comfortable I reached for our black blindfold gently slipping it over his eyes, bending close to his ear I softly nibbled and asked that he reach both arms up above his head and clasp his hands together. As he'd done so many times before, Ethan submitted to my will without hesitation and complete trust. Once his hands were clasped together and his head gently resting, I cuffed his wrists to ensure he couldn't move his arms. Sitting on the bench at the end of our bed I rubbed my hands through Ethan's hair, massaging his head, neck, & shoulders.. I'm not sure what Ethan preferred more, my hands kneading his body or my mouth on his cock. He groaned with appreciation & pleasure as I continued to work his muscles, softly moving my hands over his chest & gently playing with his chest hair and nipples. From my position I stood up, knelt over Ethan's head and gave him a seductive upside down kiss, as I enjoyed his lips adrenaline pumped through my body, I gave Paige her que to join us. 

I backed away from Ethan as Paige entered our bedroom to ensure he did not know where I was, she was naked & stunning, her beautiful tits illuminated from the candlelight. Blindfolded, Ethan was completely unaware that Paige had entered the bedroom, she climbed onto our bed and took Ethan's cock deep into her throat, a slight pang of jealousy ripped through me, however it was quickly replaced with lust & appreciation for this young girl. Seeing Ethan pleased made me wet, he was enjoying Paige's mouth wrapped around his cock while she aggressively deep throated him, working his shaft hard with her right hand. I couldn't help but wonder if this felt any different to him then me? How could he not know?! 

Paige glanced up at me and smiled, encouraging her to straddle & ride Ethan's cock I smiled back and nodded, sitting up, Paige spread her legs wide exposing her bare moist pussy, as she sat down on Ethan's cock I found myself surprised that I wanted to taste her! Paige continued to rock her pussy down the shaft of Ethan's cock, he let out a gasp and deep carnal moan, it was clear Ethan liked being inside of Paige, which gave me an extraordinary amount of pleasure! I had asked Paige to remain silent until Ethan knew she was with us, I didn't want her sounds to be the way he discovered her presence. As Paige rocked back and forth fucking Ethan's cock he was gloriously happy, moaning, & breathing heavy... I did not want him to cum yet and decided it was time he knew there was a third in the room.

Ethan was so adventurous, trusting, and always accepting, I hoped this time wouldn't be any different. I had a moment of regret and fear, what if he's not happy with my surprise? Quietly I stood, reaching over Ethan's head from the bottom of the bed softly I traced his lips with mine in another upside down kiss, at first he was accepting and eagerly received my lips. That is... until... he registered my position at the top of his body and that his cock was also being ridden hard, Ethan froze. For what felt like several moments we were all frozen in silence, until Ethan's mouth turned upward with the most devilish grin and asked "babe... What have you done"?!? I told Ethan I loved him & asked if he was happy, he responded with sheer disbelief & utter appreciation. Bending over I kissed him on the lips with intense fervor, and indicated to Paige to move forward and do the same, "Ethan, this is Paige", Paige & I shared Ethan's lips for a moment until I backed away and allowed them to experience their own moment. I was glad to see although a passionate, sexy kiss, there was no real emotion behind it for either of them, it was purely a carnal moment. Once they explored each others mouths Paige leaned back and continued to fuck Ethan, I removed his blindfold so he could get his first glance of this young woman riding him. Ethan's eyes were large as he took in Paige riding him, he was pleased & to see his eyes dazzle brought me an enormous amount of affection, respect, & gratitude for having him in my life. 

Ethan immediately demanded I take his cuffs off him & with strong brute force pulled me tightly into his arms, he crushed his lips onto mine, I almost exploded, he was very happy with his surprise. Paige continued to ride Ethan and I knew he was getting close, he was NOT allowed to cum yet. Reluctantly I pulled myself out of Ethan's arms and met Paige's gaze as she was riding Ethan's cock, placing my hands on her hips I encouraged her to stop riding him, to stay still. Lifting Paige's chin our lips met & we shared a similar kiss to the one we had earlier in the evening, again finding myself surprised by the sweet taste and different feel of a woman's mouth. Paige and I shared passionate sweet kisses as I tenderly moved my hand down her breasts & tummy, reaching her pussy I found her clit & slowly circled my finger around her. I asked her to slightly lift her hips so I could grab Ethan's cock and encouraged her to fuck his head while I stroked his shaft, all the while continuing to play with Paige. The stimulation of Paige's clit and Ethan's head being fucked while I stroked his shaft caught up with the two of them, I became acutely aware that we needed to slow things down if we didn't want this night to end too soon.

Lowering my head to kiss Paige again I gently maneuvered her off Ethan until she was resting on her back next to him, leaning in I swallowed his cock tasting Paige & removing her juices from him. Setting my sights on Paige I pushed her thighs apart with my legs and crawled upward toward her tits. Thrusting my tongue around her nipples, tugging, gently biting, and squeezing her tits with my hands she became very vocal, enjoying my touch she was playing with my hair & pulled my mouth to meet hers. 

As our lips parted I glanced over at Ethan, laying on his side, stroking his cock, watching us with intent. I couldn't help but move my focus to him and envelop his cock with my mouth, as I turned my focus so did Paige, moving to Ethan's mouth she began kissing him while discovering my clit with her fingers. Ethan was immensely pleased, kissing Paige while I was sucking his cock, Ethan traced his hand down Paige's side, caressing her tits, moving downward until finding her clit. All of us were now being stimulated, Ethan fucking Paige with his fingers, playing with her clit, and her mirroring the same action on me while I continued with Ethan's cock deep in my mouth. All of us were making our individual moans, breathing deeply and moving toward orgasm.

Tearing my mouth away from Ethan's cock I pushed Paige away from him and onto her back again, with urgency I moved my mouth to Paige's pussy finding her sweet spot, her clit was tight, a tight clit ready to cum, circling her clit with my tongue pushing fingers into her wet pussy, Paige arched her back and pressed her wet pussy onto my face, she tasted glorious, the sweet nectar of her pussy intoxicated me. I glanced sideways at Ethan finding him wide eyed and rock hard, he'd never seen me play with a woman's pussy before, with each thrust of my tongue Paige was trembling, pulling my hair & pushing her pussy closer into my face. Instinctively I knew it's time we all cum & instruct Ethan to mount me from behind. He pounced grabbed my hips and thrusted his cock deep into my pussy. My body immediately reacted, squeezing & contracting around his beautiful engorged cock, a low growl of pleasure parted my lips, vibrating onto Paige's pussy. She was in ecstasy as I relentlessly fucked her with my mouth and fingers, we find ourselves being fucked in unison in the most gratifying display of impure bliss & it's not long before we all reach our climax simultaneously. Paige begins by rocking her pussy onto my face as my tongue thrashes around her clit, grabbing my head and pushing my face into her pussy she released hard onto me, in turn my body trembled & shook under the pressure of Ethan's cock, Ethan yanked my hair and pulled my head back from Paige's pussy as I inhaled deeply and let go into my luscious orgasm, over and over the waves moved through me! Ethan steadied my shaking body and dove his cock into me one last time where he came & cast loose the most feral sound I'd ever heard from him. Ethan collapsed onto my back creating a chain of events that threw the three of into a pile on our bed, heaving and shuddering we all basked in the afterglow of multiple orgasms. It wasn't long before Paige, being the perfect third, untangled herself from us... kissed us both on the lips, thanked us and said good bye. Ethan & I remained in our embrace where he expressed his gratitude for an extraordinary surprise & night, we fell fast asleep content & assured in each others willingness to fulfill the others greatest desires.