 Vladynia awakened in Vladimir's arms once again. She looked up at his handsome face and wondered what he thought of her. She had told Vladimir last night of her fantasies. He said he'd like to help her live out each one. The question she played over in her mind was how this man could love her the way he does after everything she's told him. The thought came and went as her cell phone was ringing. Vladynia got up and answered it.

Vladimir stirred as he heard the phone. "Who is that calling?" He asked.

Vladynia looked at him with a smile and whispered, "it's Samantha."

"Samantha, your friend from college, OK, I'll let you talk with her." Vladimir got up and went to shower.

Vladynia hung up with Sam and went to join Vladimir in the shower. When she got in, Vladimir was already rinsing off the soap, he was squeaky clean. Vladynia dropped to her knees and started teasing Vladimir's cock. He was erect and Vladynia couldn't help but wrap her lips around his hardness. Her brown eyes looking up at him as the water rushed over her face and body as she sucked him. She took him deeper and deeper. The warmth of the water and the taste of Vladimir's cum going down her throat, pleased her. 

Vladimir lifted Vladynia up and took her to the bed. He quickly ran out and came upon Valeri. 

"Val, Vladynia's on my bed, do you want her?" He half asked half commanded.

"Yeah, I want her, you Vladynia hog." Valeri laughed.

Valeri entered the bedroom and there laid the precious Vladynia, wet and ready. Valeri undressed and hopped on the bed.

"Mmmmm Vladynia, you're such a beauty. I want to kiss you all over." Valeri whispered.

With that, Valeri kissed Vladynia's lips. She wanted him or she wanted any cock within that house that would bring her to pleasures unknown. He took turns nipping, sucking, licking her breasts. Her nipples so hard and Valeri loved teasing them. He worked his way down her stomach, down past her belly button, working his way to her pleasure dome. Vladynia was aroused and Valeri was going to make her squirm. He teased her mound with his tongue, fingering her wet pussy. She tasted so good and Valeri wanted to lap all her juices up. He took a breather to notice that Vladimir was watching.

"Do you like what you see, brother?" Val asked him with a smile.

"What do you think, brother?" Vladimir replied.

Valeri continued licking Vladynia's pussy. In and out went his tongue, lapping up her juices as they flowed. Hearing her moan, Valeri's cock was so hard and he needed release. He sat up and looked at Vladynia. She was smiling. He spread her legs apart a bit more and eased his cock deep inside her. He moaned as his shaft entered her warm cave. He thrust deep inside her.

"Vladynia, I'm not going to last long, I'm horny as fuck and it's your doing." He managed to get out as one more thrust sent him to oblivion. He came inside her.

Vladynia was still horny. She had cum but wanted more. She looked at Vladimir with wanting eyes. He knew what she wanted. He ran out of the room to find Viktor.

"Viktor, where are you? I need you now." Vladimir was yelling down the hall.

"What's up brother?" Viktor replied.

"Vladynia needs you." Vladimir remarked.

Off went Viktor into the room to see Vladynia laying there with Valeri. Valeri got up and gave Viktor a wink. Viktor was hard and he asked Vladynia to get on all fours. Her ass was round and perfect. Viktor smacked her ass and Vladynia let out a cry. 

"Oh there's more where that came from, my pretty." Viktor was taunting her.

He smacked her ass again. "Do you like that? Of course, you like that." Viktor replied. 

Vladynia nodded a yes and Viktor continued until his erect cock couldn't take much more. Her pussy needed him and with one thrust he was inside her. Her wetness drowning his cock, but he didn't want to just fuck her pussy, he wanted her ass. He fingered her ass to make it ready for him. He heard Vladynia moaning and knew she wanted to be fucked in the ass. He pulled out of her moist pussy and eased his cock into her tight ass. It felt good, no great, he thought. He pumped her ass hard. He fucked her harder and as deep inside her ass as he could. 

"Vladynia, this rocks." Viktor whispered to her.

"Viktor." Was all she could manage to get out. 

Viktor pulled out of her ass and back into her pussy. He took turns fucking both. As he was about to cum, he moved Vladynia to her back and blew a wad in her face.

"Lick my cock, Vladynia, lick it clean." He commanded her.

Vladynia did so. When she was finished, she looked over to see Vladimir smiling. He walked over to her and got on the bed, along with Valeri. Both were hard and jacking off.

"Suck our cocks Vladynia." Vladimir demanded as he shoved his cock into her mouth. 

Vladynia sucked Vladimir. She sucked and sucked and licked his shaft from the tip downward, taking his balls in her mouth, and then back to sucking his cock. Vladimir stopped her and Valeri shoved his in her mouth, she did the same to him. Both Men were on the brink of cumming. 

"Vladynia lay back, we want to give you a bath." Valeri said smiling.

The men jerked off on her, cumming all over her face, in her hair, and in her mouth. Vladynia laughed.

"Guys this has been great but if I'm going to have Samantha over, I need to shower again." She looked at all three brothers and then she hugged each one.

Vladynia loved all three and wanted this to never end.