 The three sisters –Margarita "Rita", Magdalena "Maggie" and Maria were known together as the Three Graces in their small town of San Fernando.

In Greek mythology, the three goddesses/graces represented joy, charm, and beauty. The Graces were rarely treated as individuals in Mythology and were the triple embodiment of grace and beauty. 

Thus the Mexican sisters were nicknamed. They lived in California in the time when the great state of California did not exist but was wholly and largely presided over upon by Mexico. It was a beautiful land of Ranchos and culture and the year was 1830.


Rita was the eldest at 21 with long flowing black hair and a curvy body. Her breasts were large and proud with jutting hips. The men flocked from nearby Ranchos to stare at her great beauty. She had a temper and intelligence to match and she was her father's favorite. She had fallen in love with Mauricio – but her father had forbidden the match. He was a poor farmer in the next village over and not worthy of his jewel Rita.

Next was Maggie. Maggie had the dark looks of her sister but was slimmer, taller and younger at 20 years old. She had exotic eyes that pulled up at the corners and her mouth was generous and pouty. She was the flirt among the three sisters and had dared her father's wrath by seeing a vaquero (cowboy) named Alberto in the village.

The baby, Maria, was shorter than her two sisters with heavy breasts and hips but had inherited her great grandmother's extraordinary silver eyes. Maria was lovely because she was so sweet and kind. She loved to help the nearby peasants and stray animals and because of this – Barbaro Villareal had fallen in love with her and was determined to have her. He was a ruthless tyrant who had control of the great Rancho de Encino, which bordered theirs. She loathed his very existence.

The three graces' father was the well-known and respected Sebastian Juan de la Tierra. He was a kind and generous landlord and a doting father. He had denied the match of Rita's lover and also Maria's. It was rumored that he meant the sisters for himself but such was not the case. He would not part with them because he loved them greatly and surmised that no one would love them as much.

Their mother had long since passed away after Maria's birth so the women grew wild and learned none of the arts that were respected amongst women. Rita's beauty, Maggie's taunting ways and Maria's sweetness made them the envy of all the women in Rancho San Fernando. Thus they were alone amongst themselves and the Indian servants.

Barbaro Villareal grew increasingly difficult in his desire to have Maria de la Tierra. He had offered her father an absurd amount of gold and made it known that she could even have her wedding dress tailor-made in Espana if it pleased her. Maggie had laughed at this.

Maggie twirled in front of the mirror and admired herself.

"He is a strutting peacock. Unworthy." She smoothed the dress over her hips and enjoyed the feel of it and sighed. She would have to see Alberto this evening. She enjoyed so much the feel of his cock inside her. She knew her father would kill her if he found out. As a respected young girl and daughter of such a landlord as Sebastian – her virgin's blood must stain the marital bed. She was too tempestuous to think of such things now.

"I do not love him. I cannot marry such a boorish, loud man." Maria whispered softly to her sisters.

"Nor shall you! It's a ridiculous match even to consider. Magdalena is right, he's unworthy." Rita's temper flared and her cheeks flushed red. Her dark eyes flashed as she thought of her sweet sister having to spread her legs for the pompous prick.

Maggie chewed on her fingernail thinking of some way to get back at the little peacock. She thought and thought and suddenly had it.

"Hermanas!! (sisters) I have it!" Maggie was so pleased with herself she danced in a circle with Maria leaving the younger one breathless.

"Maggie, que paso?" (what is it) Rita asked her genuinely confused.

"Well," Maggie began. "The peacock has one son whom he adores and five daughters that he could care less about." She smiled brightly and stared at her sisters.

"I suggest we go into the night – kidnap the son – and bring him here. Father leaves to Rancho Santa Barbara this Friday and will not be back until Monday. That will give us enough time to ransom the peacock's son and bring him down a notch or two in his arrogance. He will never want our Maria after that."

Rita stared at her sister. "Loca. (crazy) I knew one day you would become loca." She touched her own temple as she said it.

Maria spoke quietly. "I cannot marry such a man. I agree with Maggie. Let us embarrass him and then he will never want me. Please Margarita."

Rita sighed loudly. "This is crazy! Absolutely crazy!!!"

Maria and Maggie looked silently at Rita until she agreed. Though Maggie often came up with various ideas for their little schemes, Rita was always the ringleader.

"Esta bien. (okay) I cannot fight you both. But esta loca!!" Rita said as they made their plans to kidnap the peacock's son. They knew nothing about the son except that he was 25 and had just returned from Espana from school.

They knew from village and servants gossip that his name was Cruz Rafael Villareal. He had lived the life of the firstborn son of a great Californio hacienda. He was pampered, spoiled and rich. His father denied him nothing and when he came of an age, he was sent to Espana to be educated and returned wiser and more cosmopolitan to run his father's great estate.

The three graces decided they would use a large cart tied to donkey and dress, as peasant's to creep into the hacienda. Once there they would bash him over the head with a large object, tie him up and take him to San Fernando. They bribed a young Indian girl to show them which was his bedroom. Rita and Maggie crept in, bashed the young man over the head while Maria waited with the reins. They carried his long body to the cart and vanished into the night.

The night was dark and once they returned to their own hacienda they thought it best to leave him in Margarita's room. They tied his legs and hands to the four posts of the bed and Maggie left to go meet Alberto. Maria went to go get food and drink while Rita watched over him.

She lit a candle and gasped at the young man. He was very lovely. Tall and lithe his chest was muscular and his legs long. His black hair was shaggy and his chin bore a few days growth, which only added to his allure. His face was sculpted and strong as were his lips, which were sensuous. She wondered if his voice would be cultured or rough and uneducated.

She picked up her small book and began reading. He shook his head and his eyes focused on a woman reading. He was dead and this was an angel. Her face so lovely and perfect.

"O dios mio, my head." (oh my god) His voice was low and husky.

Rita came over to sit beside him and touched his dark head. "I'm sorry, senor. (mister) We didn't mean to hit you so hard."

"Release me, bruja! (witch) Ahora!" (now) He spoke like a man used to getting his ways.

"Behave senor. Or I will gag you." Rita spoke to him like a child.

"Little witch! What game do you play?" He eyed her generous breasts inches from his gaze and she saw him.

"No games, senor." As she said this, her small fingers unbuttoned her peasant's blouse. His mouth watered as her brown skin was exposed and her nipples reminded him of chocolate-dipped fruit. Oh god, he shuddered as his cock hardened.

"No games." She murmured as she pressed her nipple into his mouth. He sucked it greedily and bit it lightly. Her hand moved lower and his hard cock was rigid and waiting.

"Release me, whore. I'll give you what you want." He murmured to her.

Rita laughed. "A whore? No, I'm not that. And there's nothing that I want from you."

"Really? I bet your little cunt is ready and wet to take me right now." Cruz told her crudely.

"Well, you won't find out tonight." She told him as he struggled against the ropes.

She remained naked at the waist and was about to dress when Maria walked in.

"Rita!!!!" Maria exclaimed.

"It's nothing, Maria. I was only teasing the boy." She buttoned up her blouse and gazed at him.

"Boy! I'll show you boy, little whore," as he struggled against the ropes again.

"Oh for godsakes feed him Maria. And beware his speech. He sounds like a cheap sailor." Rita left swaying her hips and Cruz vowed to grind his cock into her before long.

Maria sat beside him and feed him soup and drink. "You should be kind to us, Senor Villareal. We only do this so your father will leave me alone."

Cruz humphed. "Why would my father want anything to do with two whores?"

Maria slapped the spoon down onto the table. She was not used to such talk and would not accept it now. "We are not whores! My name is Maria de la Tierra and that was my sister, Margarita de la Tierra."

"Oh jesus. The three graces! I've heard about you. Your sister is very beautiful." He groaned. This didn't bode well for him. He knew very well the lengths his father had gone to – to have this girl in front of him. He knew he wanted her badly. He also knew the gossip that she avoided him like the plague. He watched her spoon the food into his mouth and hardened as he watched her eyes look at him. The eyes were so lovely. Like silver coins. He wondered idly what she would be like on her back?

Maggie swung her hips as she made her way back home. She was livid! She and Alberto had quarreled and so nothing had happened. She had wanted to just fuck and enjoy herself, he had wanted to discuss marriage and approach her father with the idea. She was so horny she wanted to grind her pussy into a tree limb.

She entered the hacienda and met Maria.

"Please go and watch over Senor Villareal. Rita is tired and I'm not happy with him right now. He has a foul mouth and I must go say some Hail Mary's for him." Maggie laughed and almost told her sister to say some Hail Mary's for herself but stopped short.

She opened the door to Rita's bedroom and shrugged off her shawl.

"Ah, the second of the three graces." Cruz spoke lowly and coldly.

"I would be Magdalena." She told him as she walked forward.

Oh no, he thought. If a man was to mold and create a sensuous woman who would embody sensuality, womanliness and just pure sex – this was it.

"I assume you are taking over Maria's shift."

Maggie licked her lips and smiled at the man. "I am."

Cruz followed her with his eyes as she walked around the bed.

"You should not be so harsh with Maria. She's sweetness and kindness in human form."

"Yes, well I didn't ask to be kidnapped by you de la Tierra whores."

"Tsk tsk tsk," Maggie said, her pouty lips puckered as she told him, "I won't be called a whore unless I'm earned it."

She moved onto the bed and sat on him – her lean legs on the outside of his hips. His hips were slim also but masculine.

She arched her back as he watched her little titties thrust forward into his view. These sisters were a man's dream come true. All beautiful and sexual.

"Untie me." His hips jutted into hers.

Maggie laughed and hiked her skirt up above her waist. He saw her brown legs taunt and healthy from walking and riding.

"Make me." Those pouty lips he loved watching as she spoke. She moved away from him and began to undo his belt and pants.

Maggie was so hot and ready she wanted to slid down onto his cock already. But she wanted to give him something too.

His cock sprang forward and the small helmet head was pink and bulbous. Her pouty little mouth took him inside her mouth that was so wet and tight and Cruz's hips bucked.

"Oh fuck." He spoke aloud as she bobbed her head up and down along his shaft. He was large, almost 8 inches and she almost gagged as she tried to go all the way down his shaft.

"Little whore, release me." Cruz told her as he tried desperately to evade the tight ropes that held him to the bed. His fists curled in anger as he lay helpless to her attentions. He wanted to throw her down onto the bed and fuck her. He wanted to flip her around and shove his cock into her ass. He grew harder and thicker and moaned. 

"Not yet, Cruz."

Maggie laughed again. Her tongue lapped along his shaft and down to his balls. She cupped them and her spit stuck to his shaft again and again.

She moved again and this time she hiked up her skirt giving him view to see her long brown legs and hairy little snatch.

She moved onto the bed and his cock slid into her tight little pussy lips. His cock filled her to the hilt.

"Oh god!" Cruz moaned. He wanted so badly to pull her hips onto him harder and to force her to move quicker but he could do nothing.

"Now you can call me a little whore, Cruz." Maggie spoke as she moved her peasant blouse down below her breasts and they jutted and bounced with her movements.

"Oh little puta, harder. Ride me." He spoke to her.

Maggie bounced up and down. "Tell me when you are coming." Her words echoed in the room as he grunted and jerked his hips into her.

"Harder, puta." He told her and Maggie relished the words. She loved dirty sex and being called names. She loved the power of controlling him and his actions.

"I'm cumming." She pulled out as she too climaxed and his white milky cum arced into the air and on his stomach before she filled her mouth with it.

She licked him clean and washed his belly.

She buttoned him up and was about to leave the room.

"Who are you women?"

"You know. The three graces." She left him alone.

He looked up into the ceiling and his thoughts were evil. He wanted the three sisters by themselves. That was the only possible outcome for this kidnapping. He would take the little Rita on her back, the whore Maggie in a doggy style position, and Maria would do fine sucking his cock or eating her sisters out. Yes, he thought.

That would be the outcome for these little bitches.