 Brenda woke with a start, lying on her side pressed up to the back of a man. One arm trailed over his body and she could feel his butt pushed back into her stomach. For a moment she tried to remember where she was, then, slowly, the memory of the night before came back and, at the same time, she realised she could feel another body pushed up against her back. Another man's body, she suddenly understood, as she felt the familiar soft bulge pressed against her buttocks. 

"Oh God," she groaned to herself. 

Carefully, slowly, she extricated herself from the mass of limbs holding her to the bed and slid out from beneath the two men. For a comical moment she thought about moving the two of them closer together, but thought that was cruel. Neither had been interested in each other, they weren't bi-sexual or gay, they'd purely been interested in her. 

She stepped into the bathroom and studied herself in the mirror. Her long brown hair was tussled and a mess, her make-up was smeared and blotchy. Her large breasts hung before her and dried lines of sperm covered them, trails like the silvery path of a snail running from her neck over her large breasts and down her stomach. Brenda wasn't a skinny girl, but she didn't consider herself fat. She stood up straight in front of the mirror and pulled her stomach in. She liked her shape and most men did too. She had a large pair of tits and a bum that men would die for. Her legs were long and muscular, but shapely not vulgar, toned from the running she did most mornings; almost ten miles each day when she could. 

Small bruises were forming on the inside of her thighs and a dull ache throbbed inside her vagina, between the cheeks of her arse too. Looking at herself in the mirror, Brenda blushed. "Oh God," she moaned again, "why did I do it?" 

Sleeping with a man she hadn't started a relationship with was outside of Brenda's normal habits. Sure, she'd slept with many guys before, but only once before had she had a one-night-stand with someone she'd just met and never heard from before and that was almost twelve years before, when she was eighteen and a lot more naive and inexperienced. Even worse, these two were guys that she worked with. Neither of them were guys that she thought, or dreamt, she could ever have a relationship with and before last night she'd barely acknowledged them outside the office environment. Worse still, she couldn't even blame her actions on alcohol. She'd had one glass of white wine and fallen into conversation with them, before falling into bed with them. 

The conversation had been about sex, she remembered. She had heard them talking with another girl, Tracy, about oral sex and anal sex and, feeling a bit flirtatious, she had wandered over to join in and see what the gossip was. The conversation had been funny and lively. Both Tracy and herself had the same point of view: oral sex was okay, neither of them even minded swallowing, to be honest, but it wasn't really the greatest thing on the planet; they'd only do it as long as the guy they were with reciprocated; anal, on the other hand, was the big taboo. "The bumhole is designed for one way traffic only," Tracy had said, reproachfully. 

"But have you ever tried it?" Ted, one of the guys, had asked. Neither girl had. 

"Well," said James, "how can you knock something you've never done before?" Neither girl had an answer for him. 

"Maybe," Ted had said, feeling brave, "we should head back to my place and give you girls a sample." He had been joking, of that Brenda was sure, but there was a hint of hopefulness in his voice. Tracy had declined politely straight away, but Brenda had nodded in agreement without thinking about it. Before she knew it, they were on their way from the party, without Tracy. 

Brenda looked at the snail trails over her body and briefly contemplated getting into the shower, but she didn't want to wake the boys. A shower could wait until she got home. She closed her eyes and remembered what had happened the night before. 

They'd got to Ted's house, just a five minute walk from where the party was being held, and settled in the lounge, chatting at first. The conversation had been stilted and Ted and James, now in unfamiliar territory with a girl, were more than a little cautious. They talked about football, girls in the office, whether the MD really was shagging his PA, and skirted around the whole real reason they had originally arrived at Ted's place. 

Brenda had decided to take the initiative. She didn't want to get drunk to do it, but personal curiosity and the thought of being taken by two guys was turning her on and this was a fantasy she wanted to try. If it was horrible, it was horrible, but a threesome was something most people went on about but never did; she wanted to give it a go. Ted and James weren't guys she worked too closely with, there might be some awkward embarrassed silences for the following few days, but it wouldn't be any worse than that. She wasn't even bothered about office gossip: she was single, after all, and if she chose to take this kind of action with her sex life then that was nobody else's business but hers. 

She stood up off the sofa and slipped out of the suit she was wearing. The boys' voices faltered, then stopped, as they watched her remove first her jacket, then her blouse, and finally her long dark trousers, to stand in front of them wearing nothing but a bra and a g-string. Ted and James admired her body silently. Brenda was a tall girl, with a full build. Her stomach was reasonably flat and her legs looked strong. Her breasts were large but firm and, despite being held in by the bra, they could both tell that those mounds wouldn't sag when they were released. Her brown, sculpted hair hung sexily over one shoulder, leaving the other bare and enticing. 

"Well boys," she said, a husky croak to her voice. "Do you want to do this or not?" 

Ted and James looked at each other for a moment, then back at Brenda. "Take your bra off," said Ted. 

"And your knickers," added James. "We want to see you naked." Brenda smiled obligingly. First, she unclipped the bra and slowly pulled it away from her skin, keeping her breasts covered with one arm so that they couldn't see her nipples. Then she turned away from them, facing the far wall, and used both hands to pull down her g-string, keeping her legs straight as she bent down with undergarment so that her thigh and calf muscles stretched tight as she did so. As she stepped out from the g-string she let her legs splay slightly wider, to give the boys a glimpse of her pussy, neatly trimmed and already glistening with anticipation. Then she stood up straight and turned to face them once more, this time letting her tits hang bare so that the boys could see her nipples, standing hard and prominent. 

Brenda's nipples weren't the only things standing hard and prominent. Both boys had unzipped their trousers to reveal large erections while she had been revealing her gleaming sex and she smiled to herself, satisfied that her little strip had produced the desired reaction. She knelt on the floor in front of James and took his cock in her hand, then slowly leant forward and licked it from the base of its shaft to the tip of its bulbous head. She let her tongue gently linger on the mushroomed end and felt his muscle twitch in her hand. Then she let go and slid over to Ted, repeated the procedure, felt the same twitch. 

"Why don't we go upstairs?" She suggested. "Find somewhere more comfortable to play?" Both guys nodded. "I tell you what. You wait here and get undressed. Wait one minute, then come find me." Both nodded again, silent, concentrating on making sure their aching cocks didn't explode straight away. 

It didn't take them long to find her. She was on Ted's bed, her face laying against his pillow, her arse high in the air as she knelt forward. One hand was stretched between her legs and was slowly playing with her pussy lips. She didn't slide her fingers in, just let them run over the full, excited entrance, back and forth, back and forth. Ted and James were greeted to the site of her high, shapely butt and wet pussy lips before they saw anything else, and both appreciated it. "Lick me," she commanded. She rolled off her knees and onto her back, then let her legs open wide so that her pussy was exposed and ready for their tongue. 

Ted obliged. He loved the taste of pussy juice and was eager to get his lips around this one. He slid between her legs and happily pushed his face into her crotch, his tongue sliding up and down her lips in long strokes before and he used his thumb to pull back the hood covering her clit, letting it protrude like a large button, waiting to be pressed. 

Brenda pushed against his face and gasped in delight as his tongue stroked her and she smiled at James as he got down on to the bed and kissed her passionately, full on the mouth. She kissed back for a moment, tasting the beer on his tongue, then pulled away. "Give me your cock," she whispered, "fuck my face." 

As she lay on her back, Ted's face buried between her legs, James positioned himself over Brenda's face and then pointed his cock down until it was at her lips. She let her tongue slide out over the tip of his manhood, then put a hand on his backside and encouraged him to slide into her mouth. He was willing, and hard, and he groaned as her tongue slid all the way over the hard vein in his shaft, her lips closing tightly around him as she sucked him until she had his entire length in her mouth. 

Waves of pleasure washed over Brenda's body and she moaned around the hard muscle she sucked on as the taste of his cock and the feel of Ted's tongue brought a small orgasm rushing quickly through her belly. 

Feeling her moistness in his mouth and hearing her sounds of excitement, Ted pushed his face harder against Brenda's pubis and sucked furiously on her clitoris, ignoring the fact that a very short distance away his friend's cock was buried deep inside her mouth. He desperately wanted to fuck her now, to feel her around his cock, but he didn't want to let go of this moment where he was bringing her to climax with his tongue. She responded by wrapping her legs tightly around his neck and holding him hard against her, encouraging him to flick his tongue up and down her sopping lips as her hips started to gyrate and she pushed her crotch forward for more. 

On her back, her senses being pleasured by two men, Brenda could feel the "Big O" approaching. She'd only really experienced such a thrill a handful of times before. Almost all the lovers she'd ever had had managed to satisfy her, one way or another, but only one or two had managed to bring her to a complete orgasm, the type that left her body shuddering, her lips quivering, her pussy aching for more; the type that left her gasping for breath and begging him not to stop. In the past, that climax had come from full and deep penetration, usually doggy style, where she could get herself in a position for him to thrust deeper and harder into her than she could imagine. Extra large cocks, deep in her from behind: that's what triggered Brenda's "Big O" normally. 

Except today. She had one cock, a fair size she admitted, buried in her mouth all the way to the hilt and she was sucking greedily on it, feeling its bulbous tip touch the back of her throat, but she was an expert at this and had manoeuvred James so that she could tilt her head back and accept him partially into her throat. She had both hands on his buttocks, controlling his urge to fuck her mouth too hard. Between her legs was another man, this time his mouth giving her the pleasure. She had already thought about Ted, and the fact that he wasn't getting any release for his manhood yet, but she would fuck him hard soon enough. Right now, the "Big O" was developing, and she wasn't going to let it go. Men's tongues had brought her to orgasm many times before, but again they'd never brought that rushing, screaming release that she craved, and that she could feel building now. 

Her pussy was hot and she could feel her juices flowing freely over Ted's face, washing him in her approaching orgasm. In the pit of her belly the knotting, curling sensation started, then the shivers began up her spine. She was warm and excited. She lifted her legs high into the air and opened them wide, changing the shape of her pussy on Ted's face, and keeping one hand on James's backside she used the other to control Ted's head against her mound. 

The cock was moving in and out of her mouth faster now, and despite her best attempts to control his pace her own orgasm was weakening her. The warm shivers up her spine had turned to shudders and the burning sensation between her legs burst free as a wave of orgasm spread from her stomach, through her pussy, down her legs and up her spine. 

She wanted to scream, but James's cock was filling her mouth now, thickening at his own approaching orgasm; then her tongue and throat were covered in a powerful spray of hot sperm. She swallowed hungrily, but there was too much cum and it filled her mouth as she desperately tried to keep her hand on Ted's head, encouraging him not to stop. That ecstatic wave of delight was still rushing through her body and she didn't want it to go away. Brenda pushed James away, his cock free from her mouth but still spraying sperm covered her face in his hot white milk and she felt it run from her lips and down her chin. She grabbed the back of the head between her legs and held it hard, clamped to her groin as the orgasm continued to spread hard and fast through her body. 

Free from the gag of that hot thick penis, Brenda wailed and screamed in delight until the orgasm had finished and Ted's face was covered in her hot sticky juices. Then she collapsed onto the bed, gasping for breath, grinning from ear to ear like the Cheshire Cat. 

"Fuck," she said, almost to herself. "That was amazing." 

Back in the bathroom, Brenda looked at herself in the mirror again. She knew that hadn't been the end of it; the snail trails down her body were just one indication that more had happened. She closed her eyes again. 

James sat on the edge of the bed, nursing his softening cock, his grin as wide as hers. He'd never had a girl let him cum in her mouth before and he had been praying she wouldn't stop him as he'd felt the orgasm build. 

Ted dragged himself up the bed and lay beside her, his fingers touching her pussy for a moment, then he bent down and took one nipple into her mouth and sucked on it. Brenda moaned a little with pleasure and smiled down at the top of his head, then she pushed him away so that he was lying on his back. 

His cock was thick and hard and aching for its release. Ted was feeling pleased with himself, his hard work with his tongue bringing such a screaming result was a definite accolade, but the lines of white sperm running down her neck showed that his friend had definitely got a result too and now it was his turn. His prick almost felt as if it were going to burst from the pressure building up inside it and Ted ached to feel that hot pussy around his shaft. 

He didn't have to wait long. Brenda had pushed him onto his back from where he'd been sucking on her large tits and then crouched over him, reaching between her legs to grab his manhood and guide it to the lips of her sopping wet pussy and as she pushed herself down on to him she bent to kiss him. 

Ted tried to resist at first; after all, his mate's dick had just been there and she still had the remnants of his orgasm all over her lips, but she pressed down and forced her tongue into his mouth and he gave in, kissing back. The taste of pussy and sperm was not as disgusting as he'd first expected - in fact it gave him a thrill, combined with the heat of her cunt enveloping his shaft. She moved slowly on him, up and down gently, as their kiss grew more and more passionate, his hands trailing over her waist, her butt, up to her tits. Then she started to move faster, building up the pressure in his cock. She sat up slightly, pulling away from him and angled herself so that he could lift his head and take one of her swinging breasts into his mouth. 

Glancing over to James, she growled, "that thing better be hard. I want it in my arse, now!"

James didn't argue. From where he was sitting on the bed, he'd watched her pussy stretch and slide over his friend's cock, could see the juices flowing from her with excitement and running over his ball sack; it was like being in a real live porn movie and his cock had twitched back to life almost immediately. James had been stroking it gently as he'd watched, now he moved quickly to be behind her. 

None of them had done this before and there was an awkward moment as they tried to find a comfortable position. Ted lay flat on his back and Brenda brought her knees up so they were level with his waist, opening them wide to keep Ted in her but leave a comfortable area of access for James. James moistened his fingers on Brenda's pussy lips, ignoring the fact that he was rubbing around Ted's cock, and then slowly, deliberately applied the moist juices to the entrance of her butt, pushing a finger delicately inside to open her up. She relaxed and closed her eyes as she felt James crouch behind her, then felt the tip of his cock push at her arsehole. 

For a moment, there was nothing. The three of them seemed to hang in time for eternity, then James pushed forward and into her. 

Brenda threw back her head and gasped. At first it was at the sharp pain of his entrance, then the pain turned to pleasure and she felt him push all the way into her, slowly, carefully, trying not to hurt her. She felt full, like she'd never felt before and that sensation stirred in her stomach once again. It felt painful, but in an exquisite kind of manner. 

Slowly, she began to rock back and forth, feeling the sensation of the two men's penises rubbing each other through the thin wall of her vagina. Then James began to move slowly, extending the rhythm of his cock in her butt, and Ted began to gyrate his hips so that he moved deeper inside her. 

"Jesus," she whispered, and lowered her head to the bed, choosing to nibble on Ted's neck as the two men began to fuck her, gently at first, then harder. 

It came quickly this time, and harder. She felt it in the pit of her stomach as before and the burning in her pussy, but this time it was unexpected and forceful. The orgasm ripped through her body with a power she had never experienced before and all she could do was scream, pinned between these two large men as she was. They didn't stop, just kept pumping between them, holding her in place, until their own orgasms were rushing forward. 

"Don't cum inside me," she begged, though her voice was barely a whimper. "Spray me." 

They kept pumping, harder and harder, and Brenda began to think they hadn't heard her, but she could barely speak now. The mixture of pain and pleasure, the wave of orgasm after orgasm that seemed to be washing over her body, kept her held in place. She couldn't work out whether she was having one long climax, or lots of little ones, but she didn't care: it felt fantastic. 

And then, as one, both boys slipped free from her and pushed her onto her back,James didn't argue. From where he was sitting on the bed, he'd watched her pussy stretch and slide over his friend's cock, could see the juices flowing from her with excitement and running over his ball sack; it was like being in a real live porn movie and his cock had twitched back to life almost immediately. James had been stroking it gently as he'd watched, now he moved quickly to be behind her. 

None of them had done this before and there was an awkward moment as they tried to find a comfortable position. Ted lay flat on his back and Brenda brought her knees up so they were level with his waist, opening them wide to keep Ted in her but leave a comfortable area of access for James. James moistened his fingers on Brenda's pussy lips, ignoring the fact that he was rubbing around Ted's cock, and then slowly, deliberately applied the moist juices to the entrance of her butt, pushing a finger delicately inside to open her up. She relaxed and closed her eyes as she felt James crouch behind her, then felt the tip of his cock push at her arsehole. 
