 Amy was an adventurous 20 year old girl and loved all kinds of sex with both men and women, so when her boyfriend Tony suggested a gangbang she was more than willing to take him up on the offer. The thought of having several men touching and fucking her at once was a real turn on. 

She agreed to meet Tony at his flat on a Friday evening. Before she made her way out she drank several shots of tequila to take the edge off. The tequila did it's job and as she rang on his doorbell, she was a little drunk but very horny. She wondered how many of Tony's friends would have agreed to take up the offer.

Amy was looking hot with a short tight dress clinging to her skinny yet voluptuous body. She had very large tits, which didn't need supporting with a bra, and long blonde hair. As she went into the flat she could already feel her juices starting to flow.  

In the living room were a few of Tony's friends. She knew most of them quite well and found herself even more turned on knowing they would soon be all over her hard body. Tony poured her a large glass of tequila and told her to drink it in one, he knew that tequila really turned her on. She quickly downed the drink and turned to look at the guys " Which one of you wants to feel my tits?" She did not want to wait around any longer, she wanted cock, and she wanted lots of it. 

Tony went out of the room and his best friend Darren walked up to Amy and slowly started to pull her dress down and looked her in the eyes. " Your gonna get fucked hard tonight, you know that don 't you." "Oh yeah" said Amy. " I want all of your cocks rammed up inside me." In a flash the dress was off as well as her panties. 

Darren picked up a bottle of baby oil and began to pour it over her large firm breasts. Then he started to rub his hands all over her tits. The feeling made her moan with pleasure, and the others began to join in, soon she had hands and oil all over her body. Tony came back into the living room holding a video camera, he was not going to pass up the chance of recording every moment of Amy's first gangbang. 

The camera turned Amy on even more and she looked into the lens as a dozen hands caressed every inch of her body. " I'm going to get fucked liked never before tonight, I am going to get it in every hole because I am dirty, dirty, cock craving whore, I need cocks inside me now" Her eyes were wild with passion, and she could feel her pussy dripping. The hands were all over her slippery body and she reached down to release some cock. 

Darren pulled his trousers down, he was already hard. "Ok baby I want you to suck on this" Darren had a big cock even bigger than Tony's 7 inches. The sight of the throbbing member made Amy squeal and she dropped to her knees and started to suck. She was excellent at blowjobs and was soon taking his whole cock down into her throat, she came up for air and looked at Darren, " I want you to fuck my mouth I want all of you to fuck my mouth."

Darren didn't need any encouragement and soon began banging his cock into Amy's throat while holding the back of her head. Amy was getting even more turned on at the sight of a queue of cocks waiting to get deep throated. After just five minutes she had taken all of them in her mouth and now she wanted them to fuck her. " I need to get fucked." She was looking at Tony and his camera, " I need to get fucked hard and I need to get fucked right now." 

She was desperate for cock but Tony wanted to make her wait. He took out his cock and filmed her wile she deep throated him taking every inch of his shaft deep inside her throat. The others stood and watched as she fucked his cock with her mouth. Then the doorbell rang, "Don't fuck her yet!" he said to his friends and went to answer the door. Amy didn't mind, she went back to the six hard cocks that were waiting for her mouth. She forced took two cocks in her throat and grabbed at the others giving them hand jobs. 

Tony came back into the room with more friends there must have been another 10 guys with him. "Do you think this will be enough cock for you?" "I'm a dirty little slut so I want as much cock as I can get my hands on" Amy was tingling with excitement. " But I need to get fucked soon my pussy is so wet" 

Soon all the guys were naked and Amy was covered in oil. She had sixteen pairs of hands running over her firm body and she loved it. She loved being a whore and letting all these men do what they wanted to her. She cried out "Someone fuck me, someone fuck me now!" 

Darren looked at Tony and Tony gave him a nod. Darren picked up Amy and laid her on the floor, she was quivering with anticipation at the sight of sixteen hard cocks all around her. "Fuck her tits first," said one of Tony's friends. Darren straddled Amy and placed his hard cock in between her big tits. Amy pushed her oiled breasts together as Darren slid his cock backwards and forwards. Amy cried out with pleasure. "Your cock looks so good between my tits." 

Meanwhile Tony was hooking up the camera to his large screen TV. "Now you can see yourself getting fucked from all angles." Amy looked at the screen and saw her shaved dripping pussy in close up on the screen, the sight made her quiver with excitement. 

Slowly Darren moved down and placed his now throbbing cock at the opening to her pussy. Amy saw this on the big screen and jerked with excitement "Ram your hard cock in me now" she pleaded but Darren simply rubbed the tip of his rod up and down her clit. Tony's other friends were totally turned on by how much she was desperate for a hard length. 

The more Darren rubbed her clit the more desperate Amy became. "I'm begging you for cock, please push it in me as hard as you can" Darren kept playing with her clit increasing the speed his cock was moving over her dripping wet pussy and clit, Amy was now writhing so Darren told the others to hold her down. "Pin her to the floor I wanna see this bitch cum" Amy felt many strong rough hands hold her arms and legs to the floor, the feeling of restraint turned her on even more. " Fuck my fucking cunt, I am a cock hungry whore, give it to me." 

Darren kept flicking his cock over her clit and Amy could hold back no longer, waves of orgasms started surging through her body, "Fuck me with your huge cock now" As Darren saw her eyes roll back in her head he gave her what she so desperately wanted and rammed his huge cock deep into her pussy. Amy screamed with delight as orgasm after orgasm raged through her, Darren's huge cock was thrusting in and out of her at amazing speed and still Amy continued to orgasm "Oh fuck your cock is so huge it's making me cum, fuck it harder, fuck it harder, I'm cumming again" 

Tony had never seen his girlfriend so turned on and it was making him even hornier. He let the camera move all over her watching Darren's cock slide in and out of her pussy, her big tits bouncing and her face contorting with pleasure. Finally Amy's orgasms subsided and she looked up to see all the men standing over her with some still holding her to the floor. There was a sea of cocks and she wanted them all. "Give me more cock, I can take much more cock" She looked up at the screen and saw Darren's cock sliding in and out of her stretched pussy, it was the hottest thing she had ever seen. 

Tony stood up and told his friend Matt to get ready, "Darren flip her over" in a flash Darren had turned Amy over so now she was on top of him, "now hold her down to you chest" Amy felt Darren's big arms wrap around her and hold her tight, she could not move even if she wanted to. Amy still had Darren's big cock in her pussy but now her ass was ready for the taking. She twitched with excitement; she loved anal sex but had never taken two cocks before. "Yes" she moaned, "I want two cocks inside me, I want two big cocks banging into me." 

Tony handed his friend Matt a bottle of lube and he went to work greasing up his cock and Amy's waiting ass. Tony went back to filming "Look at the screen you dirty little whore," said Tony. Amy looked up and saw Darren's cock deep inside her with Tony cock poised over her ass "Give me those cocks I want them rammed into me" But Tony just teased Amy by just pushing his cock a tiny way into her ass. 

Again Amy started to squirm with anticipation, "Feed those cocks to me, I'm a cock hungry slut, who needs to get fucked. Matt just kept teasing her ass and Amy kept squirming, "Right hold her down." Tony shouted to his friends and Amy felt a dozen arms holding her down on top of Darren, again this turned Amy on even more, "Oh my god I'm cumming" this was Matt's cue and he knew just what to do. As Amy started to shake from her orgasm he plunged his big cock deep into her asshole. Amy screamed with delight as she felt two big cocks fill her up like never before "Oh I fuckin love having two cocks in me, fuck the shit out of me, fuck it hard"

Darren and Matt's rhythm was perfect, as one pulled out the other would thrust deep into Amy and then occasionally they would thrust together, making Amy squeal with delight. The action on the big screen mixed with Amy's dirty talk was turning everybody on. It was the dirtiest thing any of them had seen. Tony was loving seeing his girlfriend behaving like the queen of sluts. "Right I think she is ready for some cum" Tony said. "Yes give me your hot cum, I want it over my face and tits" Amy was ready for some cum too. 

Matt pulled his cock out of Amy ass and Darren flipped her onto her back again. Then Darren started pumping his cock into Amy's pussy as fast as he could, again Amy squealed with delight "Yes Darren fuck it, fuck it hard, ram it in me, faster, faster" Darren was pumping as hard and fast as he could " I want your cum on me, I want you to cum all over me" said Amy. 

This was too much for Darren and he whipped his cock out and began to cum all over her. The first jet hit her tits but the second exploded all over Amy's face. "Yes" she cried as she watched herself take the load on the big screen. Jet after jet spurted onto Amy, Darren had never cum this hard before. "You dirty little whore," said Tony "you want some more cum?" "Give me as much cum as you have" replied Amy. She was feeling filthier than ever before and wanted to be drenched in cum. Next it was Matt's turn. He plunged his cock into her pussy and gave her everything he had, within seconds he unleashed his load into Amy's pussy and she cried out with delight. 

When Matt was done Tony picked her up and put her on her knees. "Right give these two a hand job," two of his friends stood either side of Amy, she grabbed the lube and started to jerk them off. She loved all the people watching her give these two guys what they wanted. "I want you guys to cum all over me" Amy was now working feverishly on the two hard cocks her hands sliding up and down the two slippery shafts, "that's right you little whore jerk me off good" said one of the guys "I've been saving up my cum for the last two weeks and your gonna get all of it." 

Amy smiled she could not wait for his fat load "Give it to me, I'm a cum hungry slut, give me your hot cum". Just then his cock jerked and Amy knew the first load was nearly hers, she pulled him nearer and aimed his cock at her mouth. Amy felt the cock jerk again and his huge load exploded into her open mouth, the first two jets filled her mouth and cum started dribbling down her chin and onto her huge tits, jet after jet flew out of his cock and into her mouth, she swallowed what she could but there was so much cum most of it dribbled down her chin. "That was a huge load but I'm hungry for more". 

Amy was insatiable, she had never been that turned on in her life. "I want to cum on your big tits" said the second guy, "Well make sure you cum hard then." said Amy as she concentrated on the second cock, within seconds she could feel the second guys cock was ready to unleash on her. She pointed the cock at her tits and looked the guy in the eyes. "Cum on my big titties, cum all over them." Then with one final groan, the guy's cum erupted all over Amy's firm breasts, jet after jet covered her. 

Once the guy was done she started rubbing the cum into her tits and showing off to the other guys, she was certainly ready for more! Tony told her to stand up. "Ok baby now it's your turn to choose three cocks, which ones do you want?" Amy looked around at Tony's friends, she had always fancied his friend Ritchie although had never let on, she looked into his eyes and then down to his cock, it was huge, the biggest of all. "I want this one for starters" and gave a wink to Ritchie. 

She continued to inspect the cocks and chose the two next biggest belonging to Mark and JJ. "I want big huge cocks and I want them inside me at the same time." "You really are cock hungry whore" said Tony, "I wish I had known this about you sooner, right Ritchie you lie on the sofa and Amy you get on top" Ritchie sat on the sofa and Amy got on top facing him. "Put that huge fucking cock in my pussy" Ritchie reached down and positioned his cock over Amy's pussy" You sure you can take this baby, it's real big." "The bigger the better." said Amy as she began to slide down his huge meat. It was much bigger than anything she had ever taken but she loved it and screamed with ecstasy. " I fuckin love your huge cock, fuck, it's massive. 

Petite Amy was now riding Ritchie's huge member, her pussy lips stretched wide as she slid up and down. "Put one in my ass as well," she cried. Mark, one of the guys who Amy picked stepped up and began to force his cock into her ass, Amy looked up at the screen and saw two massive cocks entering her and the site made her cum almost instantly. "I fuckin love huge cocks, fuckin fuck the shit out of this little whore" The two guys took Amy at her word and started pounding her even harder. 

"Fuck yeah, you boys are fucking me real good, but I want more cock" Amy was now totally insatiable, she wanted more and Tony gave the nod to the third guy she had chosen, JJ. "Stick another one in my ass," she pleaded. Mark moved up so he was sitting on Amy's back but with his cock still in Amy's ass. JJ moved in and began to slip his cock in next to Mark's. Amy screamed "Oh yeah fill my ass up with cock, then fuck me hard" Again the guys did as she asked and began banging away, at each stroke Amy screamed with pleasure, especially when she saw three cocks in her on the big screen. A couple of the other on lookers decided that it was time to shut Amy up so they climbed onto the back of the sofa and filled her mouth with two cocks. 

Amy now had five cocks inside her and loved it even more. Tony didn't know where to point the camera there was so much action, but he did know what he wanted to happen next. "Right guys I want you all to come at the same time, in one minute I am going to count down from 5 and then I want you to fill this little cum hungry whore up with as much cum as you can" 

Amy squealed with delight, the thought of having five guys cumming inside her at once was to good to believe. The guys knowing they didn't have long started pumping as hard as they could, Amy was full of cocks and totally loving it. Muffled squeals of ecstasy could be heard above the guys who were pounding into her. 

Then the time came, Tony counted down, 5..4..3..2..1... on one Amy felt the first blast of cum as Ritchie unleashed his huge load into her pussy, then she felt the two loads explode into her ass and almost at once two massive loads into her mouth. She screamed as she felt the huge hot loads of cum shoot into her body and she began to shake as a wave of her own orgasms thrilled her. 

"Take that cum you lovely little whore" Ritchie said as he came and the rest of the guys joined in "eat my fuckin hot cum you bitch", "take my load you cum hungry slut". Amy was in ecstasy, the thought of having all these men do want they wanted with her turned her on even more. After the five guys finally unleashed their loads, they pulled out and cum was pouring out of all her holes, but Amy was far from satisfied, she still had seven loads of cum waiting for her as she laid down on the sofa. 

"Right I want the rest of you to do exactly what you want to do with me." The guys who had yet to have their way with Amy seemed very excited and got together to talk. Soon one of the guys came forward, it was someone Amy knew well, it was Tony's friend Greg who she knew had always fancied her. "Right I just wanna fuck you straight but these two guys are gonna play with your clit and the rest are gonna hold you down, I want to feel you cum on my hard dick over and over" "well that shouldn't be too hard" said Amy.

The boys went to work straight away pinning her to the sofa another two started working on her clit and Greg slid his cock into her pussy and looked into Amy's eyes. "You've been waiting along time for this." said Amy, as he started burying his cock into her. The fact that she knew Greg wanted her so badly really turned her on, soon the feeling of being held down and getting her clit rubbed by two guys and getting fucked became too much. She could feel another orgasm welling up deep inside her. "Yes keep fucking me , keep rubbing my clit, fuck me harder" the guys didn't let her down and increased their speed. "Oh my god I'm cumming" she screamed as Greg felt her pussy contract and relax around his stiff cock. 

"That feels good make her cum again" yelled Greg, within a minute Amy was writhing and the guys holding her were struggling to keep her down. "Oh god I'm cumming again" Amy screamed, she had never been in this much ecstasy before, Tony made sure to get a big close up of Amy's face as she came again and again. Greg loved the feeling of Amy cumming on his cock as he rammed it deep inside her. After her fifth orgasm Amy was screaming with pleasure, "make me cum, make me cum make me cum again." Amy was cumming so hard she started squirting over Greg's cock. 

"Ok I got to stop cumming now boys or I'll pass out" Amy was still writhing and in ecstasy but everything was starting to go blurry. "Fuck it keep going boys" said Tony, he was getting too much good stuff on camera to let them stop. Greg kept banging away and the boys kept playing with her clit. Greg could feel her orgasms getting more and more intense around his cock. 

Amy was writhing with intense pleasure, but she was quieter now, as if the orgasms had taken over her entire body. Greg counted about 20 orgasms and still they went on, "keep fucking her, don't stop shouted Tony as he filmed Amy's face. Her eyes were open but kept rolling back in her head in sheer ecstasy. Suddenly after about 30 straight orgasms her eyes closed. "You gave her so many orgasms she passed out" laughed Tony. Make sure your ready with a big load of cum when she wakes up. 

Greg jumped up and began jerking of to get ready, 20 seconds later Amy's eyes opened and she saw a big cock in front of her she grabbed it. "Give me your load Greg I want it now" Amy was back in business. She give Greg's cock just a few strokes before his huge load erupted onto her face, "that's right cum right in my face, fucking give me your load" Greg came with about 6 jets of hot jism and once again Amy's face was covered in cum before it dribbled onto her firm tits. 

Surprisingly Amy was still up for more, "I want more cock and more cum who's next?" Two of Greg's friends came forward, they were shy types but after seeing what had be going on their shyness had evaporated. One of them spoke up "me and Tim want to fuck you in the pussy at the same time" "Sounds good to me boys, lets see how much my pussy will stretch" Amy laid down on top of Tim with her back on his chest, he easily slipped his cock into her pussy, " Gary I want you in me as well" Gary stepped up and began driving his cock into what was now a very tight pussy, slowly he pushed his full length inside Amy, she groaned with pleasure, "My pussy has never been this full before, now show me what you got and fuck that tight cunt" 
