 He slept fitfully and when he awoke he remembered the night's events and grimaced. The three little putas! They had kidnapped him from his home in exchange for the freedom of the youngest one -Maria. She was so determined to stay away from his father that she had kidnapped him in order to ransom him and ultimately embarrass him into stopping his pursuit of her.

Cruz thought it would work. After this public humiliation, his father would never touch the little Maria.

Just as he thought of the silver eyed beauty she walked into the room closing the door softly behind her.

"Buenos dias, Senor." She moved gracefully into the room. Though she wasn't as pretty as her older sisters, she moved her hips in a purely feminine way and he knew she would accept a man into her body and bear many children just like any other mujer. Her hips were broad and a man could hold onto her perfectly as he thrust inside her small cunt. Those thoughts caused his cock to harden more than it had already been.

"Breakfast, little puta?" He asked her softly.

Maria's eyes flashed angrily and he regretted it. The other two putas had taunted him with their luscious bodies while the middle one had actually lowered her tight warm pussy onto his cock and pleasured him greatly. This little one had done nothing to him and he regretted his words.

She instantly lowered herself on her knees before him and crossed herself. "Forgive him, Senor. He speaks crudely and does not know his sins." She stood up again and Cruz was angry.

The little slut would serve in better ways on her knees than crossing herself.

He was so angry he told her so. "Get back down on your knees if you really want to help and suck my cock."

Maria slapped him so hard across his face that he was stunned. No woman had ever slapped him. They usually took one look at his dark good looks, tall frame and fell on their backs -legs open wide.

She stalked out of the room furious slamming the door behind her. Margarita was just getting up when she heard the commotion and watched her little sister run down the hall crying.

Not realizing she was only wearing her long white nightgown she walked into Cruz's room and closed the door behind her.

Cruz had regretted his words to the little Maria. He knew of her reputation in town. She dedicated much time at the Mission with the sick Indios and poor people. She was always kind and good to everyone she spoke with – and her reputation was sparkling.

Cruz groaned as the eldest grace walked into the room. She was too lovely. Her hair – unlike the night before – was falling around her face and down her back like a shimmering black waterfall. Her white night gown was cool linen that had small flowers embroidered on it.

She faced him and behind her the morning sun began its climb outlining her long legs, small waist and breasts. He remembered her nipple taunt and hard like a pebble inside his mouth the night before and his mouth watered.

"I'm sure your filthy sailor's mouth has said something to upset Maria." Rita accused him correctly.

He looked over to the small table. His breakfast lay their waiting to be eaten. He felt remorse for abusing Maria – but angry again at the situation. The little putas had no right.

"Claro que si, querida." (Of course, my dear) His voice like honey settling over her.

Rita, unaware that his gaze wandered hungrily over her body, stood staring out over the Rancho. Cruz wondered if she too would lift her nightgown up over her long legs and let him see her hairy snatch before his cock claimed it as his.

She walked toward him determined to make him understand.

"Senor, this was our only choice. Maria did not want your father and he would not see reason."

Cruz knew his father to be a vicious man. He was cold and calculating and had put two women in the grave with his harsh manner, heavy hand, and brutal sex. One of those women had been his beloved mother Teresa. She had been promised to him at birth and had done her father's duty by marrying him. But the sweet natured Teresa was no match for Barbaro's insatiable sexual desire, his abusive nature and she had died when Cruz was 3 years old.

In fact, the more he thought about it, the more little Maria reminded him of his mother and the stories the servants told about her.

She sat next to him on the bed and her breasts pushed through the fabric. The room was cool and her nipples hardened. Cruz swallowed.

"Do you not see, this was our only choice?" She asked him quietly laying a small cool hand on his chest.

Cruz's eyes narrowed at the little witch as she gazed at him.

"So you would demean and embarrass a good man of the community?" He watched as her hair sprayed all around them. A few strands were close to his hand curled up and tied at the bedpost.

"A good man? Bah! Even I have heard the rumors. He is a most disgusting man. He abuses women for pleasure. I have even heard it said your mother died to be free of his perversion and abuse!"

Cruz hated that the whole village knew his father to be a pervert and that his mother had been unprotected and hurt.

He watched as she leaned in closer to get her point across and suddenly he grabbed a handful of her long hair and jerked on it.

His movement caused her head to jerk up and he watched the perfect line of her throat as she swallowed and constricted.

"Release me now, Cruz." She spoke as a royal princess even though he had the upper hand.

"Ven aqui, bruja." (Come here, witch) He spoke lowly and pulled her hair and head to him.

Margarita had no choice but to agree or else he would rip her hair out leaving her bald, she was sure.

As soon as her throat was close to his mouth he yanked further on her hair and forced her head all the way back then his mouth touched her throat.

"Stop." She breathed as his mouth bit and sucked on her throat again and again causing goose pimples to break out on her arms and her nipples pressed harder against the fabric.

"No." His mouth touched her throat again and he kissed her neck causing her to melt into him.

His mouth touched hers and his tongue forced its way into her mouth.

Her mouth was soft and inviting as if it had never been plundered or taken.

"Take off your nightgown. I want you to take my cock into your body." His words – seductive and honey dipped.

Rita gasped. Finally he had shocked her. "I cannot." She whispered against his mouth.

"Why not?" He said lowly.

"My virginity will be given to my husband. Not you."

Cruz chuckled. "A virgin?"

He had been so preoccupied with her mouth that he had released her hair and she moved quickly away from him.

She left the room and he chuckled softly. A small wet spot where she had been sitting remained behind. Her tight pussy had been preparing the way for him already.

A squat Indio girl 6 months pregnant came and fed him his breakfast and left.

Rita wore a high-necked blouse and skirt as Cruz had left numerous love marks on her neck. Was he branding her? Or just bitter that he couldn't rape her as his father did to all the women he had been with?

Rita and Maria went into town for food, materials and other necessities for the Rancho taking with them their chaperon and vaquero Benito.

Maggie swung her hips in invitation as she walked around Cruz's room.

"Do you want me to read to you, Senor Cruz?"

Even despite himself, and the fact that he had been thinking more and more about Rita – he hardened at Maggie's walk.

This was a woman who enjoyed sex and felt free to give it. A man would be a fool not to take it.

She locked the door as she sauntered toward him.

"Poor Maria. You frighten her with your coarse, common words and she spends all day in prayer for you."

"Hmm." He replied.

"And Margarita? She's unsure of you. Always in love with the poor farmer Mauricio – now she creams for you, verdad?" (right)

"A farmer? Your father would allow this?" Cruz asked.

"No. Of course not. So Rita obeys our father and I enjoy as much of my Alberto as I can without anyone knowing. But now I get to enjoy my own little toy at home." She smiled and watched his eyes. She stripped off her small sandals, long flowing skirt and peasant blouse.

Her slim brown body was magnificent. Her legs were trim and healthy, her hips rounded and her breasts small and high with dark nipples. Her pussy was covered with brown hair – hairy and natural and her long hair fell all around her body.

"Te gusta?" (you like) She asked smiling.

"Si, puta. Mi gusta." His cock hardened - already wanting the little bitch.

She climbed on top of him and took his large cock in her hands.

"You are much bigger than Alberto." She guided his cock into her entrance and circled it around the hot hole that dripped her juices.

"Ah." He gasped as she continued the torment his hips bucking against her trying to force his cock into her wet walls.

"Slower, senor. Enjoy it."

"Bastante, puta." (enough) He sighed as she leaned over him and her breasts dangled into his face and he sucked her nipples biting them as he had before. Maggie creamed more as he bit them and could stand it no longer.

She eased herself slowly onto his cock and closed her eyes tightly as he filled her small little cunt to the brim.

"Mas." (more) He cried wanting desperately to slap her brown ass hard and make him ride her harder. "Mas."

Maggie ground her hips into his and rode him harder and harder. She arched her back and he watched as her brown little snatch dripped with juices.

She withdrew herself from him and he almost cried with frustration.

Her small little hand rubbed her pussy juices around and then began to stroke herself not only on her pussy but her small little asshole.

Cruz's mouth had become dry. Would she dare? It was almost a sin!

He had only been allowed it one time. His father had allowed him to take a business trip with him. He had only just turned 18 and it was a gift from his father.

They had traveled to the old country Mexico. In the state of Chihuahua they had stopped for the night. She was a dark skinned girl no more than 25 looking about 45. She had been paid for by Barbaro as a present to his son.

She had bent over a chair and asked him to take her up the ass. She enjoyed it the most and Cruz had obliged. She had been tight but not that tight and he had spilled his cream outside onto her ass. Cruz had always wanted it again, but it was considered sodomy and almost evil.

Maggie rubbed her juices around herself and into her small anus.

"Have you ever?" She asked him.

He nodded. "You?"

"Only once. But as I told you Alberto is small. I could barely feel him. You are so big – you are likely to tear my ass apart."

Maggie opened her small little ass hole and inserted one finger then two into herself. She gasped in pleasure and Cruz watched her -amazed.

She sat again on his chest and then slowly lowered herself onto his cock through her small back button. She threw her head back and cried out once, then twice.

"Oh god, tu chorizo, mi gusta." (your sausage, I like it)

Cruz shuddered as the tightness enveloped his cock. It was the most delicious thing he had ever felt. Her tits bounced forward as she threw her head back and he filled her ass up.

"I would love to release you. I want you behind me pounding away."

"Believe me, little puta. I will get you back for this torment." Cruz gritted his teeth as his cream built up.

"Tell me again. What am I?"

"My little puta."

"Again."

"Fuck," he cried out. "Puta, harder." She rode him as he exploded inside her ass filling her with cum. Her small brown fingers manipulated her hairy snatch and she came a moment after.

She cleaned him with a small towel.

"I have to meet Alberto tonight. Dios! (God) He'll wonder why I won't want to fuck. I always do!" She smiled as she dressed and left him alone. 

Cruz narrowed his eyes. After he was ransomed, he was going to come back with a vengeance against these little putas who enjoyed tormenting him. He was already thinking of the ways he would torment them.

Maria would do well on her knees filling her sweet mouth with his cock. He was going to force the little slut Maggie onto all fours like the little bitch in heat she was and grab her hips and pound into her like the lowest whore in Tijuana.

And the beautiful Rita? He would take her virginity and watch the sheets and his cock become stained with her blood.

He grinned. Soon.