 Karen stepped over and ran her hand up my leg, pausing to tweak the head of my dick which was hanging out of the leg of my cutoffs. I hadn't bothered to pull on any underwear. Karen was almost as good looking as Sonya. Both girls had fabulous bodies, large firm tits, and smooth well-rounded asses. Karen had a cute face, whereas Sonya was absolutely beautiful.

"Yes, anything you want to do!" Sonya agreed.

"Lets get on the bed first," I suggested, "Then we have fun."

"Lay down on your back." Sonya insisted. "Have we got something for you!" I complied, and Sonya leaned over and put my dick in her hot mouth. Her tongue swirled over the head, ran up and down the shaft, and started over again. I looked over at Karen and she was watching avidly. Not having anything better to do with my hands, I reached between her legs and caressed her cunt. Karen gasped with surprise, then spread her legs. Her cunt was already hot and wet, so I slid my middle finger in all the way, then started finger fucking her and massaging her clit with my thumb. Her clit hardened and grew. Karen had her eyes closed and was erotically tweaking her erect nipples. She was slowly lowering her body, deepening the penetration of my finger, and rocking her hips back and forth, intensifying the stroking of her clit. Karen's hot pussy juices ran down my hand while Sonya's mouth was still working on my throbbing dick.

I began to draw my hand from Karen's sopping wet cunt, but she grabbed it and held it tightly to her crotch. I pulled my hand now, and she came with it. I grabbed her thigh and swung her leg over me, so she was now sitting on my chest. I pulled my finger from her hungry cunt, grabbed her ass, and pulled her snatch right up to my face. As soon as I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue, she went wild, humping my face, filling my nostrils with the sweet aroma of her cunt juices. I thought I would give her all the licking she could handle. I rammed my tongue into her fuckhole with all my might, then gently nibbled on her clit. Apparently she had a low threshold, as this was all she could stand.

"Oh God, I'm coming!" she screamed, ground her cunt into my face one more time, quivered, then collapsed sideways onto the bed. One down, one to go. I looked at Sonya, still sucking my dick for all she was worth. I was nearing the end of my endurance, and I still hadn't had my dick in any hot cunt yet. I grabbed Sonya's shoulders and pulled her mouth from my dick. I turned her around and held her up, her blonde pubic triangle just inches over my waiting tool.

"Give it to her! Now!" Karen whispered. Sonya's cunt didn't look wet or ready to take anything in it yet, but my dick was ready to take some pussy. Karen reached over and spread the lips to Sonya's still dry pussy, and began tweaking her clit. Sonya gasped her surprise at her most private place being touched by another chick. Within seconds though, her clit and inner pussy lips began to swell, and her juices started flowing. I slowly lowered Sonya to my rod, admiring her glistening pinkness. Karen guided my throbbing rod into Sonya's wet love hole.

"Please, be careful! Ah-h-h-h! Go slow, I'm so tight!" I lowered Sonya very carefully, for her hot fuckhole was indeed the tightest pussy I had ever felt. With that in mind, I fought the urge to slam her down on my eager dick. As soon as she was down, I grabbed her ass and began sliding her back and forth. Sonya bit her lip as a tear trickled down from one eye.

"Stop, Mr. Young! It's hurting her!" Karen commanded. Then to Sonya, "You haven't done it much, have you?"

"Just once, with Mike, and he isn't this big. It hurt then, too!" Sonya sobbed. "I wanted so bad to do it with Mr. Young because he's been so nice to me, and I was so scared when I saw how big he was. Oh, it hurts!"

"You'd better get up then." I reassured. "I don't want to do anything to you that you don't want me to do."

"I want to go on, really I do! But don't you have anything I could use to make it easier?"

"Yeah, any Vaseline or K.Y. jelly or something like that?" Karen asked.

"I have some K.Y. jelly in the bathroom." I answered. Karen jumped up and padded into the bathroom. I watched her naked ass jiggle as she left. "You're gonna have to get up." I told her. I gently lifted up on her ass. She bit her lip again and moaned as my dick slowly withdrew from her tortured hole. With a pop from her pussy, a shriek burst from her lips as my dick sprung from her nearly dry fuckhole. She knelt on the bed next to me, softly crying, clutching herself where it hurt. I realized that she had been wrong in pretending to be so eager. A more gentle approach was needed.

I reached over, pulled her to me, and passionately kissed her lips. She jerked once in surprise, then melted into my arms, returning my kiss, forgetting the pain in her twat. I ran my hand around to her firm tits and gently stroked her nipples, feeling them harden under my touch. I pulled my mouth from hers and kissed the point of each hard nipple. She moaned and gasped with each touch of my lips, but from pleasure this time, not from pain. While I had her aroused, I lightly traced circles on her tummy with my finger, each circle going lower and lower, until I finally reached the blonde muff of her pubic hair. Slowly, I reached down and cupped her pussy with my hand, being careful not to press too hard or insert my finger. I would know when she was ready for penetration. She responded with a jerk and a gasp. I pressed again, and she gasped again. I kissed each firm nipple one last time, then started kissing down her tummy to her love nest, which was now warming and starting to respond to my touch.

I spread her legs and gently ran the tip of my tongue the full length of her slit. When I reached the vicinity of her clit, she reacted as though she had been shocked. She arched her back, pressing her cunt against my face. Maybe she was ready. I probed again with my tongue, harder this time, hard enough to separate her cuntlips and tickle her clit. She went mad again, jerking and twitching in response to the touch of my tongue, moaning and panting. Then I felt her clit harden, her inner lips swell and spread, and her delicious juices start to flow. Now she was definitely ready for more. I probed her fuckhole with my tongue, licked all the way up to her clit, swirled it around, bit it gently, then probed her hole again. When I started doing all this, she went even wilder. She spread her legs, humped and reared against my face, and pulled my head tight against her hot cooze.

"Oh-h-h-h-h, fuck me," she moaned, "I can't stand it any more! I don't care if it does hurt! Please, please fuck me!" I put her throbbing clit between my lips and gave it one hard suck, drawing it completely into my mouth, and pulled my head back sharply, causing her clit to pop back. She screamed, thrust her hips at me, and grabbed her sweating breasts.

When she had subsided, her legs still spread, I mounted her in the traditional position. I started to position my throbbing pole for a gentle entry, but Sonya released her tits and spread her cuntlips with one hand and guided my tool to her sopping wet fuckhole with the other. She was much wetter now than when Karen diddled her clit, wet enough to fuck.

"Please do it now!" Sonya pleaded. I began to cautiously insert my dick, and found that due to her juices, entry was no problem. Sonya groaned like a virgin as I slid into her hot wetness. When she had taken as much of my ten inch tool as she could, I still wasn't all the way in. But she began pumping her hips, causing the swollen head of my dick to ram against the back of her pussy. She was as deliciously tight as before, but she must have been stretching, for with just a few strokes, my balls were slapping against her ass, and I was in to the hilt. My tenderness and foreplay had paid off.

"Oh-h-h-h, that's good!" she purred when I began pumping to meet her rhythm. She wrapped her legs around my waist and was pumping as hard as I was. With each stroke, I would completely withdraw from her hot, tight wetness, then shove my eager tool back in to the hilt, never missing her voracious target, always sliding easily in, jamming against the back of her pussy.

Her pumping increased in tempo, and I sped up to match. Each pump became harder and more frantic than the one before. Sonya's breathing became harder and faster. She was about to come, and I wanted to come with her. I raised her legs over my shoulders so that I had a better angle at the depths of her tight hole, and started ramming as hard as I could.

"Don't stop! I think I'm gonna come! Oh-h-h, its so good! Come in me! Oh, please, I want to feel your load in me!" Sonya screamed. She bucked and reared and screamed incoherently, then went limp. I continued to pump. In just a few seconds, she began to pump anew. For more times than I could count she orgasmed.

Once I felt my orgasm approaching, I gave her one last hard ram and drove my weapon in as far as I could. I came at this point, spurting her sweet, tender young cunt full of my hot sticky come, like an erupting volcano. She gasped, trembled, and fell back to the bed. I pulled out my softening dick. Our sexual energies were spent for the moment.

I glanced down at the foot of the bed, and saw Karen, whom I had forgotten about. She sat in the chair at the foot of the bed, her legs spread, working a coke bottle in and out of her pussy. She had found the K.Y. jelly, then found us screwing away. Feeling left out but excited by the erotic sight of her best friend getting a good fucking, she slicked up the coke bottle and began using it as a dildo.

I saw that Sonya also was seeing something she had never seen before, her best friend's cunt, gaping open, a coke bottle almost disappearing inside it. "Look how far in she puts it! And see how big it is to go in her like that. How does she do it?" Sonya asked, amazed.

"Why don't you get a closer look," I suggested. "Ask her." Sonya crawled down to the foot of the bed and sat on the end, astounded, watching Karen masturbate.

Karen finally looked down, under heavy-lidded eyes and saw Sonya so close. "Why don't you do this for me?" Karen asked.

"How?" Sonya queried.

"Just do what I'm doing now." came Karen's reply. Sonya watched for a few seconds more, then pushed Karen's hand aside and grasped the slippery end of the bottle. "In and out and twist it a little bit. Oh, yes-s-s, oh, yes-s-s. Do it good, oh, that's so good!" Karen purred. My dick was hardening again at the sight of one female masturbating another.

I had an idea. If Karen was as promiscuous as she seemed, she might not object to what I had in mind. While Sonya continued to work the bottle in Karen's stretched cunt, I helped Karen out of the chair and down to the floor, her heaving tits on the floor, her ass up in the air. She stayed in that position, crooning wordlessly, cunt juice dribbling down her thighs, Sonya still masturbating her.

I picked up the tube of K.Y. jelly that Karen had used, and liberally covered my erect rod with it. Then I stood behind Karen, straddling Sonya.

"What are you going to do?" Sonya asked.

"Watch and see!" I responded. With that I grasped Karen's hips and aimed my dick at the delicate rosette of Karen's ass. Using my dick like a weapon, I suddenly shoved my tool in as far as I could. Karen let out a scream, tearing out fistfuls of carpet.

"Oh God, fuck my ass! That hurts so good! Fuck me harder, give me all you've got! Make it hurt! Give me more of that bottle!"

"I'm assfucking Karen!" I informed Sonya, who was now completely mindblown.

I needed no invitation, and neither did Sonya. Both of us gave Karen all we could, Sonya with the bottle in Karen's cunt, me with my dick far up Karen's clenching ass. Karen rocked back to take us both in, then forward, then back for more. I couldn't see how Karen could take my dick, as long and thick as it was, all the way up her ass, but she was doing it and getting her rocks off, to boot.

"Take that bottle out of Karen's pussy, and stick all your fingers in!" I panted to Sonya.

"Are you kidding me?" Sonya asked in disbelief.

"No, cover your whole hand with K.Y., bunch your fingers together, then push 'em in!"

My dick felt the bottle withdraw, and moments later, the pressure of Sonya's fingertips.

"Now push harder!" I commanded, giving Karen's nether hole another stroke.

I felt increased pressure on my dick and heard Sonya wail, "My whole hand went in!"

"Good! That's called fistfucking! Do her just like the bottle did!" I gasped.

"Cram my cunt full. I love it!" was Karen's response to the new violation. She trembled, then shoved her ass and cunt, doubly impaled, back at us for more. We continued like this for another minute or so.

"Harder! Oh God don't stop now, I'm coming! Fuck me! Come in my ass! Squirt me full! Fistfuck me!" Karen arched her back, then screamed as I pushed my dick to the absolute limit, pumping her reamed ass full of another load of my hot lava. Then she collapsed to the floor, exhausted. I pulled my dick out of her ass, as Sonya pulled her hand out of Karen's stretched cunt with a squelching sound. Karen lay on her belly, her ass stretched open obscenely, my cream oozing out, dripping down to her spread, gaping fuckhole.

"That's incredible! I didn't know Karen did that kind of stuff! It had to hurt! I know it would kill me!" Sonya exclaimed.

"No it won't," Karen contradicted, "You've just got to relax your cunt and ass muscles and want to do it. If you do, you can take anything in either hole."

"I don't think I could. I haven't done it too many times. I'd be too tight and too scared." Sonya countered.

"I could fistfuck you by morning with no problems on your part. I would make you want it." was Karen's rejoinder.

"No way on Earth." Sonya flatly denied."

"I'll prove it. Lay on your back." Sonya complied with Karen's instructions, looking apprehensively at Karen. Karen began talking to Sonya in a steady monotone, telling her how good it would feel to have her pussy stretched, how she would get Sonya's fuckhole all wet and juicy, how she would stick her whole hand in Sonya's tight pussy and stretch it to fit, and how Sonya would love it and want to do it again. Karen placed her hands on Sonya's thighs and began to massage them as she spoke. Sonya watched Karen and listened to her talk, and her apprehension began to fade away. I realized that Karen had Sonya hypnotized, rapt.

Karen slowly spread Sonya's unresisting legs wide apart, talking all the while. She reached down and began stroking Sonya's furry twat, still talking. As Sonya began to pant and get aroused, her inner pussy lips began to swell and enlarge, protruding between her outer cuntlips, glistening. Karen, still persuading Sonya of her desire, grasped Sonya's delicate pink fleshy inner lips and began massaging them between thumb and forefinger, stretching them out and allowing them to return to their normal size. Juices began to ooze from Sonya's now exposed hole. Karen prodded Sonya's clit with one finger, causing it to become firm and enlarged. Karen released Sonya's inner cuntlips and grasped her clit. She pulled on Sonya's sensitive bud, then slowly allowed it to return. 

Sonya was writhing all over the bed, but Karen never stopped her erotic teasing of Sonya's tortured snatch or her monologue. Karen reached for the K.Y. jelly and put a dab on her fingers. She spread Sonya's cuntlips with one hand and inserted two lubricated fingers of her other hand a fraction of an inch into Sonya's waiting hole. She spread her fingers, opening Sonya's relaxed cunthole. She took the tube of K.Y. jelly and placed the orifice right at Sonya's open gash. With steady squeezing, she squirted the entire contents into Sonya's pink hole, filling it with the clear lubricant. Karen bunched her fingers together and placed all five fingers just inside Sonya's cunthole.

"You're all lubed up and ready to go now. Are you ready for it, Honey?" Karen purred. "I'll give to you when you're ready."

"I'm ready, do me!" Sonya replied distantly. Karen started diddling Sonya's erect clit, then pushed her fingers into Sonya's slippery hole, twisting her hand as she did so. Sonya gasped and drew her knees up, making her cunt open wider, easier for Karen to ream.

"More, more, go deeper!" Sonya gasped frantically. Sonya reached between her legs and grabbed Karen's wrist, pushing Karen's hand further into her own hot cunt. In just moments, Karen's hand had completely disappeared into Sonya's hole. Sonya's cuntlips were wrapped around Karen's wrist.

Karen grabbed a mirror and held it up where Sonya could see her own private parts, stretched, violated, impaled upon Karen's hand.

"See, Honey, I told you you could do it!" Sonya took the mirror and stared dumbfoundedly at it. Karen partially withdrew her hand, then pushed it back in.

"Now comes the fun part!" Karen pronounced. "Feel it when I move my fingers around!" With that, Karen began wiggling her fingers and moving her hand around inside Sonya's slippery wet fuckhole. Sonya went crazy, thrashing around on the bed, alternately screaming for Karen to stop, it was too much, or to go deeper. Finally, Sonya screamed one last time, pulled Karen's hand one last time, then went limp.

I spent the rest of the night alternately fucking Sonya and Karen, shooting great loads of hot jism into both girls. I never knew I had such stamina. The next weekend, they came back to visit again, and finally, with great preparation, got to fuck Sonya's beautiful ass. We fuck and make love on a regular basis now, and are a happy threesome.