 Another Use for Mayo

I believe one thing should be iterated strongly at the beginning of every marriage. That singularity should be that no one lives happily ever after, at least not unless they work hard to keep that happiness alive. That can never be strongly enough emphasized.

Instead we are eternally disappointed to find that fairy tale outcomes are improbable at best, and most of us, in the words of Henry David Thoreau, "...lead lives of quiet desperation." Soon after the initial rush of hormonal abandon, the dust particles in the turbulent air of the bedroom begin to slowly settle. We resign ourselves to a status quo, a mere shadow of our explosive sexual genesis, and what is that resignation? It is confirmed desperation.

My name is Mary Evans, and I took matters into my own hands in an attempt to rejuvenate that sexual genesis which had become but a memory in the lives of two people. Though it was a rough and dangerous path to take, I firmly believed that it would either shake us out of our ennui, or break us as an entity that had become unacceptable in my eyes.

We met in our junior years at college. He always sat in the school cafeteria by himself, not because he was lacking in good looks, or a pariah among his fellow students, but because he had no interest in the college life of drunken binges and frat-fucking orgies. He seemed driven toward some goal private to himself. He seemed to take his educational chances as a serious springboard toward his future success. He studied hard, worked hard, and didn't waste his time macho posturing and other nonsense such as that.

In other words, I looked past the surface and into a future to the kind of man who would be most dependable in raising a family and keeping me in a good home, provisioning a healthy table, and steady in his ways. A man such as that would be even better surety when it came to other aspects of life, such as selflessness and fidelity.

We were married in April of our last semester in college, and our happiness and sense of commitment was unsurpassed. Sex was a daily, or should I say nightly, occurrence and our hunger to explore each other intimately was intense. Although neither of us were virgins, our daily overtures into each others thoughts and secret desires resulted in many firsts for both of us.

One first for me came in the eighth month of our first pregnancy. I felt great discomfort, as anyone who has experienced pregnancy will understand, but was loath to leave my man in a position of being unsatisfied. Mind you, I read up on techniques of how to do certain things, and, at a time I was about to pop with our first child, I found myself lying on my back with my head hanging off the end of our kitchen table, taking my husband's cock deep in my throat. Add to this another first... my husband filmed it with his new phone, which was one of those models which could record both intimately and in high fidelity.

I never thought I would ever let a man point a camera at me in such a situation, but it was a sign that I so trusted Micah, that I gave myself entirely over to him. I look at it now with total amazement. His phone focused first on my bare feet, toes curling from the intense feelings engendered by the act to be revealed as the camera scanned toward the nearer end of the table.

I had worked hard to remain fit and relatively thin through my pregnancy, and the benefits of hard work, healthy diet, and regular exercise were evident through the objective lens of the camera, tracing every curve of my mothering frame as it scanned upwards to my vagina, swollen womb, and engorged breasts.

The pregnant body of a young woman has to be the most erotic object her sexual counterpart could possibly have the pleasure to survey. Her figure represents the ultimate outcome of her partner's virility through his repeated and concerted acts of insemination. No onlooker can deny that insemination, or the sexual process responsible for the result. In effect, it is a man's billboard in society, whether it be polite or sexually depraved, that he has committed the act, under legal pretense, of invading a woman's body with his erect and hardened penis, and filled her womb with his seed.

The camera slowly and languidly surveyed his object of ultimate desire. I was his, totally and shamelessly.

Finally, the lens settled upon my neck, supinely stretched from its position wherewith my head was hanging limply off the edge of the table, so that my eyes were firmly focused on my husband's gonads, which hung pendulously low, mesmerizing me to become a willing receptacle for the throbbing penis but inches from its destination.

I had practiced for this moment for weeks. I had read of circus performers at the old carnival shows that swallowed not only dagger blades, but as many as three billiard balls, afterwards regurgitating them with no gag reflex. Indeed, it was the secret behind how Houdini, stripped naked and inspected by police chiefs, was able to make his prison escapes by swallowing copies of cell keys, chucking them back up, and making his escapes.

I bought three different size dildos: a five-incher, a six-incher, and a whopping eight-incher. I had chatted online once with a eighteen-year-old Australian prostitute who informed me of a secret to good fellatio.

"Get him started with a handjob using mayonnaise for lubricant. That way when he's about to cum in your mouth, it masks the taste of the sperm and if you decide to deepthroat his cock, it helps it slide down more easily."

I practiced with the dildos, slathered with mayo, and found my best position for taking in the largest faux-pecker was on my back with my head hanging off the edge of a bed, couch, or table. I practiced in the lonely hours while Micah was at work. It was difficult at first. I found myself gagging and even vomiting on occasion, but that eventually passed as I grew used to the slippery dildos expanding my throat passage and sliding down effortlessly. I grew excited thinking about my new found capability.

The moment had come. I opened my mouth to admit his organ, pulsing purple in its desire to be consumed in my lustful and inviting mouth. I licked the eye from which would ultimately issue his sperm, tickling it with my playful tongue, arousing his member until he begged for entrance to my oral pleasure-hole, and I would not deny access to that paradise. At first his thrusts were shallow, as he was ignorant of my new abilities and didn't wish to be too rough, but I would have it deeper. I reached above my head and seized his butt-cheeks in either hand. I pushed him deeper into my mouth and on a straight path into my now expansive throat.

The camera captured the amazing process, showing his mushroom head, followed by his veined shaft, clearly defined, as his cock repeatedly slid down my throat, the mayo-lubricant making it seem effortless. Finally, after a quarter of an hour of near ceaseless throat pounding, I noticed his balls beginning to tighten and contract as they slapped into my eyes and against my nose and cheeks. Soon after, he let out a loud groan and pulled his erupting pecker from my throat and mouth as long ropes of hot, creamy, white sperm ejected across my pneumatic milk-enhanced breasts, and onto my huge, swollen impregnated abdomen. The tiny girl baby within my womb ran her hand along the inside wall of the uterus, which could clearly be seen from the outside, as though touching the rippling streams of cum covering my stomach. From sperm she was begotten, and to sperm she would return.

When I look back, after all these years, at the ardency and physical depth of our love, and our lovemaking, I wonder where it has gone. Two children later, I can understand where some of it has fled. A boy and a girl, if raised properly in this contemporary world, consolidate a great deal of time. Priorities change, and sex is relegated to the back burner, simmering, but never coming to a brisk boil. Why would that be, I often inquired of myself.