 The Purple Cabana

The summer was swift approaching. Jules had turned fifteen at the end of March, and Brynn was soon to turn eighteen shortly after her graduation. The third week of June arrived and we all made preparations for our summer escape to the coast. Sadly, we had to drop Jules off at the cheerleader camp, but she would soon be rejoining us in only three days. Her absence was mitigated by Brynn's presence.

The drive to the beach was pleasant and delightful. Brynn and Jules issued a continuous stream of commentary and conversation. It seemed as though they never took a breath, but Micah and I took the opportunity to quietly hold hands and think about the recent past, and present revival of our sex lives.

We dropped Jules off at the camp on the way and headed to the beach. The car seemed quieter without her because Brynn sank into a thoughtful reverie, at the most tapping her feet to the more lively tunes on the radio. I tried to remember thoughts that ran through my mind when I was her age, blushing at some of the things I recalled. Ever so often our eyes met and we exchanged rather meaningless smiles. I felt sorry for her, realizing she probably felt she was a crowding third member in the present company, especially as she was privy to our newfound sexual awakening.

Sometimes I wish I had Morgan's spontaneity and flair. She would have had us singing songs or playing some word game. I breathed an audible sigh. Micah asked me what was wrong, but I just gave an 'Oh, nothing' shrug of my shoulders, and returned to staring out the windows, watching the wooded roadside become scrubby, then sandy. The smell of the ocean was soon wafting into the car through the A/C.

My thoughts strangely kept returning to Morgan. I felt a hot flash as I thought, blushing, of a threesome between Micah, Morgan, and myself, although I realized the complications involved, especially with Micah. Would he think of her as a girl with a dick, as I did? Or would he think of her as some freaky guy with boobs? If so, would he be hands off, her man parts challenging his sense of homosexuality? And where would I end up in the grand scheme of things? Would she be all woman, sucking up to Micah, as is her ultimate natural tendency, or would she use her transexual 'gifts' to provide for us both equally? There were so many ifs, ands, and butts, to make any thought of a threesome a risky business indeed.

However, the crotch of my cotton panties, which Morgan always made so much fun of, were moistened by my thoughts by the time we reached the flourescent purple cabana just a block from the beach. We drove up to the cabana, which was a duplex, and you can imagine my surprise when we pulled into the parking space and saw Morgan sitting on the other porch in her swimsuit and loose trousers combination.

I spun around to look at Brynn and perhaps elicit an explanation, but she looked down with a slight grin.

"Oh my God!" issued Micah's voice from the driver's seat. "Honey, I swore I'd have eyes for none but you this trip, but..."

I heard a light snort in the back seat. Brynn couldn't contain herself. She jumped out of the car, making a beeline toward Morgan and gave her a big hug. Micah looked on, wondering what the hell was going on.

"I'll explain later," I told him, and we stepped out of the car to make introductions.

"Purple?" Morgan rhetorically blurted out. "Cotton panties are one thing, girl, but PURPLE? I would much rather have chosen the pink one across the street."

I was blushing, but also smiling. Morgan was infectious in her pink swimsuit.

"Micah," I began, "this is Morgan, my personal trainer and friend."

Morgan eyed Micah from head to toe, taking in everything at a glance.

"Soooooo! This is the cock of the walk that Mary has told me so much about."

Her words were subtle, but to the point, as she purposely laid a bit more emphasis on the C-word in the sentence. Micah extended his hand to shake hers, adopting an air of non-chalance for my sake, but Morgan would have no such formalities. She stepped off the porch and gave him a tight, melting hug, laying a quick kiss on his cheek. I rolled my eyes. Brynn walked quickly back to the car to get her bag, stifling her laughter all the way.

We unloaded our things and put them in the cabana. Brynn asked if she could go over and visit with Morgan and I nodded. With her back to Micah, she winked at me as she headed toward the door. I sometimes wondered what kind of relationship the two of them had. Sexual? Platonic? Hetero? Lesbian? Suddenly my mind was muddled in a cacophony of sorts.

"You know you don't have to restrict your ogling to me, don't you? I don't mind if you look at other women. In fact, it kind of turns me on. I just ask one favor."

"And what would that be?" he asked.

"That you tell me your thoughts exactly, no matter how graphic or perverted, and not censor or gloss anything over. Can you do that?"

"Sure," he replied with a voice that reeked of unsurety.

I looked at him straight on and raised an eyebrow.

"That didn't sound very convincing," I countered. "Come now, make me believe you."

"Well," he replied, "it's just that I think some very perverted, fucked up thoughts sometimes."

"I'll be the judge of that," I retorted. "Just don't hold back."

"Deal!" he exclaimed as he held out a hand to shake on it.

I took his hand and sandwiched it between my legs against my pussy and kissed him deeply and passionately for minutes on end. He could actually feel my crotch moisten through my pants, and it was answered by an erection straining to break free from its confines. Minutes later we were naked on the floor, fucking each other no holds barred.

"Can I stick it up your ass?" he asked, flushed red from his exertion. Oddly enough, Micah was to be my third anal fuck, Morgan and Walt being my first and second.

"Now THAT'S not holding back," I cheered him on, presenting him a tight pink pucker of a poophole, craving attention. Soon he was buried deep in my butt, anal-izing me, fucking me. Ah! the sweet sin of sodomy! I had come to desire it more and more, realizing that it was probably Micah's first time.

"Don't be afraid," I told him. "You can't hurt me."

He took me for my word and began thrusting his hardened tool fast and furious, penetrating deep into my ass. This was the first time I had taken a cock without flushing out my intestines, and I felt extra full with him and the accumulated crap that intestines hold. He was mercilessly pounding me as I reached over to the couch where I had thrown my bag of toiletries, and pulled out my dildo. I needed something up my empty, wet, creamy cunt.

I crammed the rather large fucking toy up my vagina, manipulating it into a position that I found most pleasing. I pushed it forward so the balls end was flush with my clit, while the tip end was pressing against the back of my canal, so that every time he thrust his penis up my rectum it rubbed against the head of the dildo, sending periodic vibrations to my clit. It was overpowering as I was sent into a series of orgasms, Micah himself joining me on my fourth repetition.

Needless to mention, our groans and cries of consummation were not insulated by the paper-thin walls dividing the cabana. Morgan and Brynn undoubtedly were privy to the quickie in its salacious entirety, but I didn't care. Propriety was becoming more and more the least of my priorities. I was thin, I was healthy, I was muscular, and my newfound fucking talents were going to be employed to the fullest.

After my fourth and final orgasm I fell to the floor, unable to support the anal doggie fuck from behind. Micah descended with me, still wrapped in the walls of my asshole, and fell asleep, exhausted and spent. I didn't mind. I closed my eyes and let him snooze. I relished the feeling of fulness his cock engendered up my butt.

Fifteen minutes passed in silence, the only sound being that issued by the slumberous exhalations of Micah, still piggy-backed in repose on top of me. Suddenly the door opened and Brynn entered. She pressed her index finger against her pursed lips and smiled as she tiptoed around us, taking in the site of our lovemaking, licking her lips in a semblance of wanton ecstasy at what she was observing before her. I smiled at her as she laid herself prone beside us. She slowly neared my face, and we gave each other a tender, heartfelt kiss on the lips.

She rose and went into her room to change for dinner. Micah woke and rose about half an hour later. I showered and dressed for dinner. Micah showered after me, which gave me an opportunity to speak with Brynn.

"How did you meet Morgan?" I inquired of her.

"We met when I was still in middle school. I was thirteen and he was a senior in high school. We used to meet at Starbucks and talk for hours. My parents grew suspicious as I was too young, they thought, to be dating an eighteen year old boy, but, you know, love will always find a way."

I smiled, for I realized how true her words were.

"Did you...?" I didn't want to actually ask a discomforting question of one so young, but she saved me from having to.

"No," she answered, "I'm still a cherry."

"Why?" I asked, rather puzzled.

"Isn't it obvious?" she responded. "He was not a 'He,' but a woman. He had known since he was a child, and as soon as he was eighteen and could decide for himself, he began to make the transformation. At first, I was unhappy, but when I realized how happy it made Morgan to look into a mirror and see the beautiful woman she had become, I could no longer be sad. We are still best friends and I hope to remain so."

Just then, Micah came out of the bedroom, relaxed and grinning ear to ear. It was the first vacation in years that he had left his computer at home, and he was like a new man, vigorous and virile. I was so happy to see the transformation. It electrified me in ways I'm embarrassed to admit.

"Let's invite Morgan to dine with us," I suggested to no objections, and knocked on her door. She answered, topless, with only a towel around her neck, covering her boobs. She was delighted to accept the invite and invited us in while she excused herself to dress for the repast. As she walked back to her bedroom, her hips swayed with an undulating swing that I wished I'd had in my backyard. Of course, this eye candy was not lost on Micah, whose eyes followed her naked back and hips, which were barely covered by a pair of plaid low-riding boxers.

"Remember our deal, honey," I reminded Micah, who blushed at his own thoughts. I winked at Brynn, sharing our own private thoughts.

"You have to admit," he began, sharing his fantasies as was agreed, "she's everything a woman should be, and then some."

Brynn began an infectious giggle, which quickly spread to me, until we were uncontrollably laughing hard at the inside joke that we had to stop periodically to take a breath. Micah stared at us, dumbfounded and puzzled.

"What the fuck has gotten into the two of you?"

His futile question was answered by a continued, and equally futile to stop, laughter, which continued until Morgan walked out of her bedroom. We all sat, stunned into a sudden silence, upon seeing her dress. It was a sleek and close-fitting, cinnamon silk evening gown that flowed, no... cascaded down her body to her ankles. The front was low cut, exhibiting a delicious cleavage that many women would die for, and the back was open from the tie that connected her shoulders, to a tapering point that, were it an inch lower, would have revealed her equally delicious butt cleavage. At the point it tapered to was a pink heart.

Micah was speechless. Indeed, we all were, and even though our eyes were ogling her in obvious sexual admiration, her self-confident personality prevented even the slightest blush. She could have just stepped off the cover of Cosmopolitan. I was having trouble believing that she could ever have been a male. Finally, Micah spoke.

"Wow!"

A few quiet seconds ensued before Morgan decided to respond.

"Why, thank you, Micah. That's quite a compliment from a man married to such a beautiful, and might I say, understanding wife."

She winked at me, actually bringing me to the blush.

"So," I asked, "what's the occasion?"

"Don't you know?" she countered, looking at Brynn and flashing her winning smile. "Today, a member of our company is becoming a full, and legal, member of the adult community. Indeed, Micah, you could even fuck her, providing she would allow it, without being thrown in jail."

We all looked at Brynn.

"It's your birthday!" I cried. "Why didn't you tell us?"

"Oh, I didn't want to make a big deal out of it."

"Well I plan to make a big deal out of it," Morgan chimed in. "I'm taking everyone out for the best seafood around."

We took a liesurely evening walk down the boardwalk to Captain Dan's, Morgan turning heads along the way. Micah chose to let Brynn and Morgan walk ahead, his eyes fastened to her ass.

"Penny for your thoughts?" I asked.

"Although I am, self admittedly, a girl watcher, there are very few women I think I would rather fuck other than you. But Morgan's a different story. You asked me to be honest. I think, if given the chance, I would fuck her at the drop of a hat."

"Oh, would you now?" I questioned again. "Would you fuck her up her butt, like you just did me?"

"Of course!" he replied. "Who wouldn't. I believe most men in their right minds would give their eye teeth to fuck Morgan in any hole she offered. I know I would. But why would you ask?"

"I think it might be her preferred method." I answered. "After all, she taught me how to take a man up my ass, and you see how delightful have been the results of that lesson."

Micah fell into a thoughtful silence. I could only imagine the images grinding in his grey matter, images that were sightly askew in one area. It brought a smile to my face, and I had to strive not to laugh at the absurdities and complexities involved, but I wouldn't miss them for the world, if the chance presented itself.

Morgan was obviously thinking along the same lines. She swayed her hips vauntingly and shamelessly, knowing that Micah's eyes were following her every nuance of movement. She seemed to be hypnotizing my husband. Most women would be jealous, but I found it fascinating, if not a bit erotic. She was seducing my husband, and I was loving every moment of it. This became absolutely evident when we got to the restaurant. After being shown to a booth, Morgan pushed Micah into the seat and shimmied in beside him, leaving him no avenue of escape.

I sat across from him with Brynn sitting across from Morgan, who continued to shamelessly come on to my husband as if I wasn't there. She exuded a soft perfumed scent of vanilla and jasmine which seemed to grow stronger the more brazen she became. I realized the old trick. She had perfumed her private parts, giving off a stronger scent as she grew more excited. Of course, she also attended to us and especially to Brynn, for whom the supper was taking place. A cake was brought to the table, and all the wait staff and busboys sang a hearty round of Happy Birthday. I think they were more than happy to do so, as it gave them an opportunity to get closer to Morgan and cop a peek down her back or boobs, which she was not taking much care to hide.

I decided to have a little fun also. I slipped off my shoes and began running my foot up and down Micah's calf, dividing his attention between the two of us. Once, I ran my foot up past his knee, tickling his thigh, and, with toes wiggling, approached what I was sure to be a tumescent cock, but my toes alighted instead on Morgan's hand.

It was then I began to notice other telltale aspects of Morgan's grand design. While we were all feasting on lobster and crab, she said she had an upset stomach and ate some broth they concocted in the kitchen. When we were partaking of cake she begged off, saying she was happy to celebrate with some dessert wine... two glasses in fact. It all made sense. She had flushed herself out, and she was intending to have anal sex that night, and my husband, if I went along with it, was to bear the cock that would do the deed. After all, it was his cock she was caressing at the same moment my foot met her hand.

It was one of those crunch times. My reaction would cause a series of events to unfold in either of two directions. But when it came down to the final outcome, it became clear to me it was matter of trust. In other words, would Micah always place me first in his heart, his dalliances subject to my approval? That would mean that whoever either of us decided to pursue, the paradigm would always be the two of us active as open partners in the seduction of the third party.

I signalled my compliance in the under-the-table tableaux before me with a nod and a smile, eliciting another round of wine, which I mixed surrepticiously into Brynn's tea. I was looking forward to my second threesome, giving Morgan a thumbs up over my wine. Sometimes the best thing to do in situations such as this is to surrender yourself to circumstance and let fate run its course... and have another glass of wine.

We walked back to the cabana from dinner, I arm in arm with Brynn, who was slightly unsteady herself, and Morgan arm in arm with Micah, shamelessly disguising their periodic staggers to 'accidentally' grope and play. Once, he even slipped his hand down the back of her dress, squeezing her thong-clad ass. My crotch was once again on its way to becoming moist and warm.

We practically fell through the bright purple portal of our cabana. Morgan careened toward, and fell on the couch, nearly dislodging one of her boobs from her low cut gown, which barely disguised her bra-less hard nipples beneath anyway. Micah was pulled down with her, settling comfortably close and intimate beside her. There was no disguising the torpid thoughts in their eyes.

Brynn excused herself to go to the bathroom, and I sat down in an easy chair opposite the couch. I was a little nervous, for unlike my last threesome, I hadn't orchestrated this one to an inevitable conclusion. In fact, we were probably within moments of a possible explosive outcome, as soon as Micah discovered that Morgan had a dick, and a rather big one at that. I crossed my fingers and watched the event unfold before my eyes.

Morgan started by nibbling his ears, eventually deep tonguing them until he shivered as his dick formed a hard lump in his trousers. From there her tongue travelled down his neck and chest, the way being prepared by a deft unbuttoning of his shirt, which she pulled from his shoulders and discarded onto the carpet. Micah then took charge and whispered something into her ear which made her giggle. He didn't think I could hear, but I made out the words 'fuck' and 'pussy.' The silk gown slid effortlessly from her shoulders as soon as he untied the cord behind her neck that held it up. It flowed like water down her torso and over her firm breasts and nipples, teasing out their already hardened stature. She caught it short of falling to the floor just below her navel, exhibiting a rare glimpse of her lower abdomen with a few pubic hairs straining to peek out the top.

She was so fucking incredibly beautiful. My moistened pussy from the diner was now soaking my panties. Without taking my eyes from either of them, I slowly removed my dress, my bra, and my panties. The tension created by the expectations in the room were intense and on the edge. I assumed Morgan had a plan, but I couldn't fathom how she was going to introduce into the equation, a dick that was bigger than Micah's, the man, my husband, that she was intending to fuck. I noticed the folds of her silk gown, gathered around her ankles and held by one hand barely hiding her penis, were streaked with the moisture from her pre-cum, dripping from what I knew was her hardening cock, but assumed by Micah to be her excitement manifest in a flow of vaginal cream similar to mine. I noticed that she wasn't actually holding the gown with her hand, but holding her dick beneath the thin silky fabric.
