 TV Night

A few weeks passed with a renewed effort to fit into the bikini I had chosen as my goal. Exercise, diet... more exercise. That was my life. I was beginning to wonder when I could convert my efforts to sexual advantage. Of course, Morgan and I had our occasional 'practice sessions' in which I added anal sex to my repertoire of sexual abilities.

At home I paid particular attention to Micah's conversation, looking for any opening, any opportunity, to open up a sexual verbal exchange. Every opportunity that came available to peek inside his internet activity was also taken. Most of the videos he was watching at that time were 'mfm,' or 'male-female-male,' category. I thought of him sitting at his computer, thinking of another man fucking me in one end, while he was fucking me on the other. It was called 'spit roasting.'

At dinnertime one night, after a very active day at the gym, we were sitting around the table when Micah started talking about the new guy in his company that he was partnered with to mentor.

"Poor guy," he said. "His wife left him six months ago and he moved here from another state. He's very serious. I can't seem to get him to lighten up. Because of that, he doesn't seem to connect well with prospective clients. If he doesn't show improvement soon, we'll have to let him go."

"What's his name?" I asked.

"Walt."

"Well then," I continued, "let's have him over for dinner and enough beer to loosen him up a bit and maybe play some cards, or just watch TV for awhile. We can call it our TV night and make it weekly for a while until he comes around."

Things were quickly arranged, and Friday was set aside for TV night. I had been wearing sweats, sweaters, and other baggy clothes around the house, so that when Micah saw the new me for the first time, it would be to the greatest effect. I was thinking our first TV night with Walt might be a good time to show myself off.

On the weekend before, the girls and I went on a small shopping spree for a new wardrobe to fit onto my new, much reduced, body. It was odd buying clothes so small. I'm happy I had the girls to advise me on the latest fashions. One of my most daring choices was a short skirt so small, that practically ANY movement caused me to flash anyone in sight. Brynn and Jules couldn't stop laughing after a male customer wolf whistled across the store. They insisted I buy it, whether I ever wore it or not.

Later, while Jules was on the other side of the store, Brynn pulled me into a dressing room. She quickly hiked up her skirt and pulled off a thong that passed itself off as underwear. Then she hiked up my skirt and pulled down my white cotton panties. She slapped her thong into my hand and slipped her sexy bottom into my panties.

"This is my gift to you, Mrs. Evans. Jules will be sleeping over at my house this Friday. She and I will be thinking of you. Good luck!"

With only two days left, I had a long talk with Morgan. I had changed so much I barely recognized myself. I modeled the short skirt, asking what she thought.

"It doesn't really matter what I think now, does it?"

I looked down at my feet. Actually, it DID matter what she thought. I had grown very close to Morgan, and I wanted her approval. I needed confirmation for what I was contemplating. I needed a confidant to support me no matter what the outcome.

She rose from her chair and walked around the desk to where I was seated. She took my head in her hands and pressed it against her breasts.

"You have worked hard, Mary, and you are almost there. You have obliterated the confines you once thought a natural condition of motherhood and age. Look at you! You are awesome. You are delicious. You don't need a short skirt to get laid. On the other hand, it will certainly make your husband's friend aware of your intentions."

"Thank you, Morgan, for everything. I..."

I wanted so much to tell her how I felt, but the words were involuntarily blocking themselves.

"It's ok, Mary, it's ok. Make your first TV night one to remember. I'll be here on Saturday morning. I'll see you then, if Micah let's you out of his sight."

She pulled me up to a standing position. Our breathing mixed in the small space that separated us. She gave me a soft, loving kiss. I didn't want it to end.

She walked me to my car. As I drove away, I saw her throw me a kiss and I read upon those lips I had just kissed, the words 'Good Luck!'

Walt brought over two six packs of beer for TV night, and we settled down on the couch to watch whatever came up, which wasn't much. I noticed him glancing my way when he thought I wasn't looking, trying to get peeks up my short skirt at the contents just within the hemline. I purposely bent over here and there just to help his imagination take flight. Poor guy. I knew he must have been jerking off the past few months, and seeing a woman's ass in the flesh had to be quite a sight to behold. I was shameless really.

On top of all this, I knew Micah had secret desires also. He too was not only looking up my skirt, but obviously thinking of the possibilities presenting themselves, possibilities that he had so often jacked off to in the many videos he had downloaded onto his secret laptop stash. If I was correct, this would not only be an immensely satisfying night for myself, but for Micah and Walt too.

I was nervous. The laxatives and powder from earlier in the day had cleaned me out and left me feeling quite empty, and the three beers I had already consumed left me feeling loose and a little bored by the slow pace of the action on the TV. My bladder was busting to let go, but I held it in, anticipating the squirting orgasm I wouldn't be able to avoid.. My whole body was tingling and ready for anything.

I rose and bent over to pick up a pile of DVD's on the floor by the TV, exposing myself to both of them without reservation or embarrassment. I had copied Micah's favorite spit roast videos onto a DVD and put them into the player. I walked back to the couch in an excited state, my nipples standing at attention under the thin t-shirt fabric.

And I wasn't the only one getting excited. Micah's dick popped up as soon as he recognized the video, and Walt's cock wasn't far behind.

"Interesting choice of videos," Micah exclaimed. "Where did you find it?"

"It was in a bin at Walmart" I joked. "I thought it was an outdoor barbecue how-to video and bought it, only to find a rather surprising side of meat being spit roasted. Do you like it?"

Micah just sat there, knowing he'd been had. His cock was straining inside his jeans. I looked over at Walt, whose eyes were fastened to the action on the TV screen.

"How about you, Walt, do you like it?"

"Oh yes," was all he could say, "very much."

It was time, I knew, for action to take the place of words. I slid from the couch into a kneeling position in front of my husband, unzipping his jeans and pulling them down and completely off. I looked over at Walt.

"Do you mind?" I asked him.

Walt nodded his approval and I began to give a blowjob to Micah. He seemed to be torn between watching the video, which was certainly erotic and hardcore, or watching me deepthroat my husband's ever-increasing cock. When I finally brought Micah's pecker to its full eight inches, I gave the tip of it a kiss, then gave Walt the most endearing smile in my arsenal. I gazed down at the sizable, meaty lump in his pants. I reached across to his crotch and softly caressed it with my hand. I looked at Micah.

"Do you mind?" I asked him.

Micah gave me a look as he had not given me in years. A door that had closed long ago seemed to creak open with that look, and pouring in through that opening was a bright light of a new and passionate love. He answered my question with a wink of his eye.

I sidled on my knees over to Walt and unzipped his fly, pulling his pants down and off just as I had done Micah's. The thoughts in my mind were beyond erotic. Here I was, facing two men with their pants off, sitting on my living room couch watching porn, and both their dicks were standing straight up and ready to do my bidding. I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming, for these were the fantasies that dreams are made of.

I opened my mouth wide to enfold the head of Walt's cock. It's girth was unbelievable. Micah was ravenously relishing the moment.

I guess I had grown used to Micah's cock, his balls, his pheromonal scent. Here was a cock, balls, and scent strange and new, ready to be explored, ready to be enjoyed. I felt it a first, luring me into unknown sins forbidden. My whole body quivered as I tentatively kissed the eye of his straining member, already wet with the delicious taste of his pre-cum. Fitting it into my rather small mouth was somewhat akin to biting into a huge oversized Polish sausage on a roll sold at state fairgrounds.

I started at the eye, licking around it to lubricate its passage into my mouth. Walt's cock was phenomenally circumferential, and phenomenally strong. It is, after all, a muscle, and his bucked so wildly, I had to use two hands to hold it steady. Then ever so slowly, I let my lips stretch around it as he eased it in. Oh my God! I was turned on by the entire process. Brynn's thong, such as it was, was soaked by the wet cream oozing from my cunt.

My husband was so turned on by what he was seeing, that he began to stroke his already stiffened cock, for I knew these were the fantasies his dreams were made of also. My lips, tight and wet around Walt's cock, were as much there to please Walt, as they were to please Micah, but when it came down to the final game, I think it was I who would stand to be the most pleased.

I crawled on all fours back over to Micah. The young wife in the video was moaning loudly as her husband and friend were 'spit roasting' her, she sucking her man's dick while his friend was violently fucking her pussy from behind. I started sucking my husband's cock, slurping and moaning myself, just like the female in the video. My bottom was sticking out temptingly into the middle of the living room, an invitation to any comers. Creamy juices were overflowing the tiny thong's crotch covering, and running down my inner thighs. A pungent aroma was unmistakable. My pussy was crying to be filled with a man's meat.

"You don't have to ask," my husband's hoarse guttural voice interrupted my slurping and moaning. "My house is your house... my fucking partner is..."

There was no need to finish the sentence. By then, everyone there knew the game. I had orchestrated the night perfectly. Nothing was left to do but let nature take its course.

I saw, from the corner of my eye, Walt rise from the sofa. His massive sausage defying gravity as it protruded from his groin, stiff and erect. I withdrew from sucking Micah's cock, leaving it smothered with slick mucousy saliva from my throat. Walt knelt on the carpet behind me. I could feel his hands caress the tight muscular ass I had worked so hard to perfect. I could feel his fingers delicately pulling the hip strings of the thong, the only obstruction left between us. The thong fell like a wet, lacy feather to the floor, having served its purpose. Moments later, I felt his tool kissing the lips of my vagina. Simultaneously, I was kissing the tip of Micah's cock. It was one of those moments of no return, awaiting an experience that was a forever-changing event in the realm of life.

In a perfect moment of sexual synchronicity, both cocks plunged into their separate orifices, filling me with previously undiscovered and wanton delight. So many women have dreamed of such a thing, abandoning their fantasy to propriety or a false sense of virtue, but I was living my dream to the fullest. No one was hindering me... and I was loving it.

Soon the unmitigated fucking was fast and furious. I was not holding back, but on the other hand I did not want to cum before the two gorgeously hung men filling my mouth and pussy. Besides, I had another hole to please. Whereas Walt wasn't as long as Morgan, he would certainly stretch my pucker to its maximum capacity to endure. I plunged forward, intentionally allowing Walt's dick to fall from my cunt, covered in white pussy cream. Simultaneously, I released Micah, swinging my head over my shoulder to look at Walt, sending a streamer of saliva across my back.

"My ass!" I shouted. "Stick that mother fucking meat pole up my butthole!"

I was beyond pain, beyond fucking morals, beyond the ability to stop the inexorable yearnings of two horny men at their finest and most powerful heights of ability to please a horny fucking woman willing to give her all for their fucking pleasure. This is what I was born for, the reason I was a woman!

There should be a time in every woman's life when primeval forces take over and all else becomes a pale veneer of prudish and unimportant considerations better left to fairy tales and church gatherings. This was real. This was visceral. The time for me was now, as Walt's rather endowed penis entered my asshole, stretching my pucker beyond what I thought its capacity to stretch.

"Shit!" I screamed out loud, giving both my partners a concerned look.

"Does it hurt too much?" Walt asked. "Should I pull it back out?"

"Yes, and hell no!" I answered both his questions. "Fuck me harder, Walt. Show my husband how much his wife loves to be a fucking spit roast."

With those few well-chosen words, my two fucking machines high-fived each other over my back and began pistoning my butt and mouth at the same time, while I used one hand to balance and the other to furiously rub my clit as my cunt juices covered my fingers and hand. Suddenly the whole room seemed to get hotter, and sweat, full of musky pheromones, flowed freely down our torsos, arms, and thighs. Thus soaked in our pummeling perspiration, breathing hard and even gasping in the throes of our uninhibited lovemaking, we all knew that orgasms were but moments away.

Then, as if by some unspoken agreement, our moans took on a new urgency, gathering momentum towards the inevitable climax that such intense fucking could not hinder. The first to explode was Micah, deep in my throat, his eight inches shooting his sperm past my esophagus and deep into my tract. I felt it flow like warm, hot cream into my chest. After several explosive thrusts, he pulled his dick from my mouth, sending his last remaining streams of cum into my hair and across my back and bum. Micah fell backward onto the couch, exhausted, but with a hard on that refused to diminish thanks to the show presented to him of Walt buttfucking my ass. I lapped up the last remaining creamy dribbles that had run down his shaft and onto his delicious hairy balls.

The ejaculate across my back and buttocks mixed with the profuse sweat and heat given off by all who were fucking, and began to run down the crack in my ass, mixing with my pussy cream, which served as the lubricant up my butthole, and Walt's copious pre-cum, which, thank God, provided the extra lubricant needed to make his assfucking me possible. The sight of it all was too much for him to handle. His moans grew louder as he neared his orgasm until he could hold back no longer.

"Oh God!" he shouted. "I'm cumming!"

I thrust myself backward, making sure that he buried his plump sausage up my ass as far as humanly possible. He let out a primal scream as his well hung balls contracted, then fucking erupted into my rectum. I felt his hot stream repeatedly blasting inside of me. It would have overflowed and run down my legs, mixing with my pussy cream, but my poophole was stretched so fucking tightly around his gigantic girth, that none could escape, so I moaned in ecstasy as he gave me a high colonic enema of thick hot sperm.

His orgasm lasted longer than any I have ever known. Time stood still as blast after blast expanded the walls of my asshole. Finally, quite shaken, he began to breathe again, staggering backwards on his knees. I heard a loud suctional 'pop' as he withdrew his dick from my butt, followed instantly by a flow of sperm that puddled beneath me on the floor.

Walt plopped himself back down on the sofa and joined my husband in watching the show I was still putting on before them, for I had turned over on my back and laid myself down in the rather sizable pool of jizz with my legs stretched out to both sides. I was still furiously rubbing my cunt, practically bruising my clit with the pounding I was administering, all the while building to an incredible orgasm of orgasms.

If I had known beforehand what my orgasm would involve, I may have shied away from it. Nothing I had previously experienced could compare to it. The total fucking I had received from two men in my mouth, my pussy, and my butt, had raised my body temperature, my heartrate, and my threshold of sensory response so astronomically high, that when it hit me, it hit like a fucking steamroller, contracting all my organs under such pressure, that I exploded.

Like a fire hose, my pussy sprayed a soaking sheet of water through the air, drenching Micah, Walt, sofa, and walls. It was an absolute mess. I was not expecting anything like that to happen, and it surprised me as well as the boys. I heard Micah shout 'Awesome!' before I began to realize my orgasm was just beginning.

My whole frame began to shake and tremble as though I was possessed by a demon. And I was... just not the demon that most people imagine, but a powerful and pleasurable entity that took over and shook me to the core. I began thrashing helplessly about the floor, unable to control myself, with only the whites of my eyes visible.

Micah told me later that he and Walt had to hold me to the floor so I wouldn't hurt myself as my orgasms passed through me, wave upon fucking wave. I don't know how long I was held in the arms of my orgasmic demon, but I wished that it would never stop. I had passed through many portals in my life, but cumming as I did that night marked a height that I doubt I could obtain again... a veritable Everest of sexual consummation.

I lost track of time in my limbo of trembling withdrawal. Far in the distance I heard Micah's voice bidding farewell to Walt, thanking him, on my behalf, for a wonderful night. The door closed and all was quiet. I was still motionless on the living room floor, my heartbeat still above normal, but my breathing had settled to a rasping, but steady rhythm. Micah softly approached and spoke in a soft and loving voice that I hadn't heard for a long time.

"Are you ok, sweetheart?" he asked, his face only inches from mine as he sat down on the floor next to me. I was unable to move, but I looked into his eyes as though to assure him I was more than ok. He picked me up in his strong arms and walked into the bedroom and laid me down on the bed. I was a smorgasbord of sexual scents. I could still taste Micah's cum in my mouth, and Walt's sperm would periodically ooze out my ass, mixing with the already dried and caked cum on my bum and back from Micah's last efforts and Walt's puddle of jizz that I had earlier wallowed in most shamelessly. I was also covered by the aroma of my shower of cum water, which, along with my sweat, had dried and left an oily feel to my skin.

But none of this mattered to Micah, who cuddled up behind me with one arm a pillow, and the other wrapped around me with a breast nestled warmly in one of his palms. I pushed my bottom tight against his semi-erect, hard penis that remained coddled in that position for the rest of the night. I was content and happy... and exhausted.