 Frank started to knock on the hotel room door.

"Can you explain how this is going to work one more time?" he asked.

"I was talking to Bobbie about crazy sex stuff. She mentioned that she and Tom had a fantasy about a threesome with another guy. They checked out some of the web sites and classified, but those were a little too freaky. I told her I could find someone that they would be comfortable with. You know, discreet, good in bed, that kind of stuff. By the way, that's you. It's mostly Bobbie's fantasy. She wants Tom tied up and blindfolded. Part of the fantasy is Tom never find out who the other guy is." Fiona answered.

"Then, why are you here?"

"To undress Tom and tie him up. Oh, and to shoot the video of them, just them," she replied. 

Frank knocked on the door. He stepped back as it cracked open. A petite woman with tousled black hair stepped out. She was wearing a blue button down shirt and black yoga pants. Her erect nipples protruded noticibly through the material of her shirt and bra.

"Frank. This is Bobbie. Bobbie. This is Frank. Does he fit the part?"

"Yes. He is just what I had in mind," the petite woman replied.

"Still want to do this?" Fiona asked.

"Oh yes. We were fooling around a bit waiting for you. Tom is pretty excited about this. Give me a minute to get him blindfolded." she said, ducking back inside. A minute later she returned. Frank followed Fiona in.

Tom was standing near a chair, blindfolded. He was still dress, wearing jeans and a tee shirt. There were ankle and wrist straps attached to the arms and legs of the chair. Fiona walked up to Tom and quietly started to undress him. He jumped a bit when Fiona touched him.

"Who's doing that?" asked Tom.

"I brought a helper," Bobbie explained, "She is going to take your clothes off and tie you up."

"What are you doing?" asked Tom.

"I am taking his clothes off."

Bobbie stepped up to Frank and started to pull his T shirt over his head. She wasn't tall enough to get it all the way off, so Frank finished removing it. He felt her hands on his chest before he had the shirt all the way off. Her hands moved down to his jeans. Slowly, she began unbuttoning his 501s. Frank slipped his shoes off as Bobbie tugged on his pants. He looked over at Fiona. She had already finished with Tom and was standing in front of him.

"What's happening?" Tom asked, sounding a bit anxious.

"I'm taking his pants off," Bobbie replied. This brought a smile to Tom's face. "Be patient."

Fiona piped in. "Maybe this will keep you occupied." She pressed her ass against Tom's cock, and put his hands on her breasts. Frank was pretty sure that even through her shirt Tom could feel her nipples.  As Bobbie slide his jeans down past his knees, Frank stepped out of them. Bobbie stood up. 

"I have way too many clothes on," she said, looking right at Tom, with her hands caressing the naked man in front of her. Frank proceeded to undress Bobbie. First, he removed her shirt. She was wearing a lacy bra that barely covered her tits. Her breasts were smaller than Fiona's. Frank guessed a 34A. Her nipples were larger than he expected and poking against the fabric on the bra. Frank released the clasp and let the bra fall to the floor. Next, he slid her pants down and she stepped out of them. She was wearing a thong. Frank looked at her for a moment. She looked good. He looked over towards Fiona.

Fiona had guided Tom into the chair, and started to buckle the straps on the wrist cuffs. Soon Tom's wrists and ankles were securely fastened to the chair. 

As Fiona finished up with Tom, Frank hooked his fingers under Bobbie's thong and began to pull down. As the fabric slipped away, her completely shaved vagina became visible. When she was naked, she put her arms around him, pressing her breasts into his abs, and grabbing his ass in her hands. 

"You are exactly what I had in mind." She pulled Frank over so they were standing right in front of Tom.

"Are you naked?" Tom asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"Are your nipples hard yet?"

"Oh yes.'

"What are you going to do next?" Tom inquired.

Bobbie knelt down in front of Frank. He felt her hands on his cock, stroking up and down. They were warm and soft. It felt good.

"I'm feeling his cock. I can't wait to have it in my mouth and I'm getting wet just thinking about it"

Bobbie reached over with one hand and began stroking Tom's cock as well. "I can't wait to have both of these inside me. Just thinking about it makes so fucking horny." She stood and turned to face Tom. Bobbie leaned over, putting her hands on the back of the chair. Frank pressed his cock against her ass. In the dim light of the room, Frank watched Bobbie squeeze his dick between her cheeks. She was kissing Tom on the lips. Frank reached forward and cupped her breasts in his hands. They felt perky and firm. Her swollen nipples stabbed his palms. Her lips were near Tom's ears. "He's playing with my tits. It's making me so wet. I need a cock inside me. Tom, do you want to hear me getting fucked?" Tom nodded eagerly. Bobbie kissed him on the cheek and whispered "That's what I thought," in his ear. Frank put his hands on her hips, pulling her towards his dick. She reached back and pulled his cock down against her pussy. Frank pressed his penis between her legs. She was drenched. He pressed forward a little more, savoring the feeling of her pussy stretching over the head of his cock. Bobbie moved close to Tom's ear. "He's going to fuck me now. Are you ready to listen to me getting screwed?" Frank gripped her waist and slowly pushed his cock into her. He could see the lips of her pussy stretched around his shaft. She raised her ass up and pushed back and Frank felt the lips of her pussy envelope the length of his dick. She had stopped kissing Tom and was talking to him again. "He's fucking me now. I can feel his entire cock buried inside me. He's going to keep fucking me until I come." She kissed Tom again. She moaned as Frank pushed the last bit of his penis inside her. Frank took his hands off her waist and put them on her breasts. His hands engulfed them. Her pert nipples poked between his fingers. He gently squeezed his fingers together and she moaned again with pleasure. She took one hand off the chair and touched Tom's penis. Her fingertips danced on the head of his dick. She pulled her lips back away from Tom's face. "And while he is fucking me you are going to get a blowjob you won't believe." Her index finger was circling the tip of Tom's cock as she talked. Her voice was sexy and quiet.  Frank slowly pumped his hips back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her. She kept moaning and kissing Tom as Frank screwed her. Bobbie had one hand on her breast, pinching her nipple. Frank could feel her other hand as she fingered herself to an orgasm. Fiona had moved to the other side and the camera was moving between Tom's face and the show that Bobbie was putting on between her legs.

Bobbie put her hand back on Tom's cock. Her fingers were wet from playing with herself. Soon, Tom's cock was wet as well. She bent down and kissed him passionately on the lips and then she looked over her shoulder at Frank.

"Fuck me harder," she moaned. Bobbie reached out and stroked Tom's cock with her hand, then lowered her mouth on to it. For such a small woman, she took a surprising amount of dick into her mouth. Frank looked at her. He could see her checks flexing has she sucked harder and her tongue massaged Tom.

Fiona held the camera as steady as she could. She peered over the small screen and watch Bobbie taking two dicks. Her small, perky breasts barely moved as Frank rammed his cock into over and over again. Fiona zoomed in on Bobbie's lips as she wrapped them around Tom's penis. Fiona felt the material of her shirt rubbing against her nipples as they began to swell with excitement. Almost without thinking, Fiona slipped her free hand inside her shirt and began to caress her breast. The moans from Frank and Tom echoed in her ears. Both of the naked sweaty men that were having sex with Bobbie were getting close. Fiona moved her hand down into her pants. She pulled her thong out of the way and rubbed the hard nub at the top of her pussy. She realized that the video was getting a little shaky. She zoomed out, so that Frank's hips were part of the shot. On the tiny screen she watched two cocks slide in and out of Bobbie. At the same time, she was sliding her own finger in and out of the wet folds of flesh between her legs. Fiona wondered if the viewers of this sex video would notice her orgasm when they watched it.

Abruptly, Bobbie stopped and looked at Tom. "I'm not ready for you to come yet. You're getting a time out." She turned around to face Frank. Bobbie put her hands back on Franks head, and pulled it down onto her breast. Frank opened his mouth and took her entire breast into his mouth. His tongue circled her nipple. It felt as big as it looked. He flicked his tongue against it.

"What's happening now?" asked Tom, slowly regaining control.

"He has his mouth on my breast." Bobbie moaned.

Frank continued to swirl his tongue around her swollen nipple. She pushed his head over to the other breast. Frank sucked it into his mouth, lightly biting down on her. She moaned again and turned her back to Tom, still holding Frank against her tits. Frank heard Tom groan with pleasure. Bobbie had pressed her ass against his cock and was rubbing it up and down. She turned Franks face up so he could see her.  "I want you to watch me while I start fucking Tom." Bobbie reached between her legs and seized Tom's dick. She guided it between her legs as she settled into Tom's lap. Tom let out a gasp as he entered her. She continued to stare into Frank's eyes as Tom's cock filled her. As she started to ride up and down on his penis, Bobbie looked over her shoulder at Tom.

"Fuck me Tom. I want to ride your cock while I suck on his dick."

She lowered her head and took Frank's penis into her mouth. Frank looked down as she deep throated him. He could not believe someone so small could swallow his entire cock. He could feel the head of his dick sliding up and down her throat. She pulled her head back, working his dick around in her mouth, rubbing it against in inside of her checks. She licked it all over with her tongue. Bobbie slipped Frank's cock out of her mouth and began stroking it with her hand, not giving him any rest. At the same time she bounced up and down on Tom. The sound of her ass slapping against his lap almost echoed in the room. Occasionally, she settled all the way down and wriggled against him

Frank noticed Fiona peering over his shoulder, camera in hand. The constant stimulation from Bobbies hand and mouth were overwhelming him. She sank his dick all the way into her mouth again, holding it there for an impossibly long time. Finally she let it slide back out, drawing a deep breath.

"Yes, Yes! Yes! "She cried "Fuck me!"She put both hands on Frank's hips, using him for support as she pounded Tom's dick in and out of her pussy. Frank watched as perky breasts bounced up and down.

"Tell me when you are going to come Tom. I want it in my mouth," Bobbie panted.

"I'm close." Tom replied almost immediately. Frank was amazed he held out this long.

Bobbie sprang forward

"Lie down," she directed Frank, almost throwing him to the ground. Frank found himself lying at the base of the chair, his head between Tom's feet. Bobbie was straddling his face and she leaned forward and took Tom's cock into her mouth. Frank gazed up at her. He could see Bobbies breasts. Her tits were glistening with sweat and her erect nipples stood out noticeably. He looked at the bottom of her chin as Tom's dick slid into her mouth. He could swear he saw her throat bulge out as she took in more and more of Tom. His entire cock slipped past her lips. But mostly he could see Bobbies' pussy. It was shaved clean. It looked smooth and wet. Her lips were still stretched out from riding Tom.

Frank put his hands on her hips, and pulled her down, licking and sucking on her pussy. Frank kept watching Bobbie as he sucked on her and she sucked on Tom. He reached up and put one hand on Bobbie's breast. Her perky, firm breasts with oversized nipples were irresistible to him.

He heard Tom moaning loudly. His orgasm flooded into Bobbie's mouth. She sucked down every bit of his cum. She pulled her head back and let Tom penis slide away from her. Frank felt her grinding and squirming against his mouth. She was getting wetter. Frank slipped two fingers inside her, probing for her G spot, while focusing his mouth on her clit. She was working towards another orgasm and he wanted to help her get there. She was staring down at Frank with a look of ecstasy on her face. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she cried out. "Don't stop. Make me come! Make me come!" Frank could feel her contracting around his fingers as her orgasm started. He kept licking and sucking on her, one hand inside her and the other caressing her breast. As her orgasm faded away, she climbed into Tom's lap.

Frank looked over a Fiona. She was straightening her skirt and smoothing her shirt out. She walked over to Frank and leaned down and kissed him. "I think our work here is done." 

Bobbie walked over to them. She was still naked, and her skin was flushed from her orgasm. Frank's eyes locked on her breasts.

"That was amazing. I will never forget this," She looked at Frank," You were just what I wanted to make this fantasy come true."

Fiona handed her the camera. "I wouldn't call this a Kodak moment, but it was pretty hot to watch." Fiona followed Frank's gaze to Bobbie's tits.

"You can touch them if you like," Bobbie said with a naughty grin on her face.

Much to Frank's amazement, Fiona blushed. "No, that's okay."

"Do it for me,' Frank said. He guided Fiona behind Bobbie and placed Fiona's hands on Bobbie's breasts, letting her fingers slide along her still erect nipples. Bobbie let out a little moan.  He stepped back and looked at them approvingly. "That's something I won't forget," Frank said with a smile.

"What are you doing?" Tom asked. 

Bobbie glanced in his direction and replied, "I'm letting her play with my tits." As soon as the words left her mouth, she noticed Tom flaccid penis spring to life.

"You like thinking about her touching me, don't you?" "Oh yes," Tom replied. "How about," Bobbie suggested, "anything he does to Tom, she does to me?" "Only if I get to watch," Tom answered. "You keep the blindfold on when he is touching you and you get to watch when she touches me." Bobbie glanced at Fiona and Frank. They exchanged glances and slowly nodded in approval. Fiona leaned over to Frank and whispered in his ear, "You can do what you want but I'm not going below her waist."

As Frank walked over to Tom, Bobbie and Fiona watched. Fiona wondered how far Frank would take this. She almost regretted pushing his limits. Then, the memories of another threesome came back and her regrets faded away. Would it be time to pay the piper or would Frank let her off easy? Frank was standing behind Tom, stroking his face and hair. Tom looked a little nervous. Fiona wondered if Tom was having the same thoughts as she was. Would this be too much? Or was the promise of seeing Bobbie touched by another woman worth any price? Fiona glanced over at Bobbie, who was already touching herself. The woman was insatiable. She had just has sex with two men, had at least two orgasms, and now she was masturbating to the sight of two naked men touching. But as Fiona watched, she felt herself become aroused. Her nipples began to swell under her shirt and she felt familiar warmth between her legs. She had given herself one orgasm while watching Bobbie with two cocks in her. Fiona wondered if she was insatiable as well.

Frank's hands had moved down to Tom's shoulders. As his hands caressed Tom's chest, Frank's lips pressed against Tom's cheeks. And then Frank started kissing Tom on the neck. Before long, Frank's hands were on Tom's chest and his lips were on Tom's neck. Fiona found her own hands on her breasts with her fingers pinching her nipples.

Abruptly, Frank moved in front of Tom. He put his hands on Tom's chest and leaned forward. Frank's body was as stiff as a board, almost like he was doing a push up on Tom's chest. Every muscle in his body appeared tense. Fiona moved to the right to get a better view. Bobbie did the same on the left side. Fiona watched as Frank lips got closer and closer to Tom. When the two of them kissed, Fiona heard a sigh. She glanced up at Bobbie. She had one hand between her legs and the other on her breast. Fiona briefly watched Bobbie masturbate, and then resumed watching Tom and Frank. Fiona's eyes traced every contour of Frank's body. She examined every vein and muscle. She thought of the times she had been between Frank and another man, just a mass of naked bodies. Frank lowered his head, slowly leaving a trail of kissing down Tom's body. Just as Fiona was about to start cursing him for pushing too far, he stopped. Frank looked over at Fiona.

"Okay, it's your turn," he said, stepping into the shadows behind Tom. 

Tom felt the blindfold being removed. Bobbie was on his right and the other woman was on his left. Bobbie was naked, and covered in sweat. Her perky breasts glistened in the low light of the room. Her erect nipples were distinctly visible. Tom looked at the other woman. She was a tall brunette. Her breasts were larger than Bobbies, probably a 34 C. Her nipples were less pronounced but still clearly visible through her shirt. She wore a short skirt and a white button down blouse. Tom watched the two of them approach each other. He was aware the other man was behind him but made no effort to look back. Tom's full attention was on the scene unfolding in front of him.

"I'd offer to switch places with you," Bobbie said to Fiona," but I don't think I would stop kissing you where he stopped on Tom." "No, a deal is a deal," Fiona responded, with just a hint of nervousness in her voice. She still wasn't sure about this. Frank had always seemed mystified about her reluctance to be with another woman. It was inconceivable to him how anyone, male or female, could not desire the feel of a woman's body. Fiona had no qualms about satisfying herself sexually. Somehow, doing the same thing to another woman's body was different.

With great anticipation Frank watched Fiona approach Bobbie. She pulled up a chair, and Bobbie sat down. "Does she have to be tied up like Tom is?" "I might not keep my hands to myself," Bobbie interjected. "No," Frank responded, "but a deal is a deal, Bobbie has to sit still, just like Tom did," Frank replied. Those words did not come easily to Frank. The thought of Bobbie's hands all over Fiona excited him. But that was not the deal they agreed to. "Alright," Fiona said with a laugh, "Try not to come on the back of Tom's head when you start masturbating." Fiona chuckled a bit more when she saw the expression of concern on Tom's face.

Tom took a deep breath. He looked at the two women in front of him and Fiona's comment no longer concerned him. It did make him realize that he would only get to watch. No one, including himself, was going to touch him. With great attention, he observed the other woman move behind Bobbie. She put her hands on Bobbie's head, running her finger through the short dark locks. As the other woman moved her lips closer to Bobbie's cheek, Tom felt his erection start to grow. Everything else in the room faded away as he watched Bobbie getting kissed.

Despite all her talk, Bobbie was a bit nervous. She had always considered herself bi-curious. But other than a few drunken kisses, she had never been with another woman. Fiona's fingers against her scalp was unlike anything she had experienced before. It was relaxing and exciting at the same time. She could see Tom at the edge of her vision. She could also make out Frank's form behind him in the shadows. The warmth of Fiona's breath on her check made her skin tingle. It was a very soft kiss, completely different than the hard, frantic kissing she had received from Tom and Frank. She enjoyed both, but right now, Fiona's soft warm lips were just what she wanted. Bobbie felt herself enter a state of bliss. She didn't want to talk dirty to Fiona the way she had with the men. She just wanted the moment to last.
