 Most men dream of having a threesome once in their lives, somehow though I have managed to have several.

It's not that hard to organize, it takes a lot of work and a little time but if you follow some simple rules it is quite doable.  There is simple female psychology at play, and if you make that psychology work for you instead of against you then your dreams can come true.

The first thing you need to do is find two women who are good friends. They don't have to be best friends but they have to be close enough to discuss their lives with each other.  This isn't very hard, women are a lot more open than men and tend to have numerous friends with whom they discuss the details and problems of their lives.

One of the first threesomes I enjoyed was with two house mates, Jan and Lucy.

Jan and Lucy were a study in contrasts.  Jan was the bold, brassy one. Big breasts, big hair and the brazen ability to get away with the most inappropriate comments.  Lucy was your arcitype quiet girl. Dark hair, bob cut, a little petite and very serious.

Despite their differences they seemed to feed off each other and enjoyed each others strengths.  They'd shared house for a couple of years before I came along and on the back of a recommendation from a departing housemate they let me move in when I shifted into town for a new job.

This brings us to the second step in my patented threesome process.  You need to make friends with both women whilst cutting off any possibility of a romantic or sexual relationship.

The trick I used with Jan and Lucy was simple but effectrive; I let them know from day one that I had a girlfriend back in my old town and that I was madly in love with her. I showed them pictures of me with Helen, I let them see me write her letters and I let them know when she called.

Helen wasn't completely fiction, the photos were real, as were some of the phone calls, the letters however were totally bogus.  Helen was a friend I'd dated back home but there was nothing serious between us.  We were more fuck buddies than anything and although I never let her know the use to which I was putting her existence she probably would have approved if she'd know it was going to get me some double action.

Making friends with Jan was easy.  She was fairly gregarious and really a knock about sort of girl.  We went out drinking a few times and the mere fact that I was hetro and not hitting on her was enough for her to like and trust me.  Not that I wasn't tempted mind you. Jan liked to wear low cut tops and wasn't above playing the dumb blond if it would get her what she wanted, or a cheap laugh at least.  Sometimes when she was flaunting her assets I'd jokingly tell her to 'be careful with those things, they could put someone's eyes out'.

I had a great time getting Jan to advise me on my relationship with Helen, inventing issues that had come up between us and soliciting Jan's female perspective to help me solve them. Jan even broached the sexual frustration that came from a long distance relationship and coached me on ways of improving our phone sex life.

Breaking though with Lucy was harder, she was more reserved and more naturally suspicious. She never asked me about myself and whilst she was happy to sit and chat all night with Jan she'd grow quiet if I was in the room and often slip away unannounced.

I finally bonded with Lucy over cooking. She loved to spend hours over simmering pans of delicate sauces and when she learnt that I knew how cook a soufflé her guard when down enough to challenge me to show her.  There's nothing like the intimacy of a kitchen to remove inhibitions. Soon we were bumping elbows and other body parts as we assisted with each others creations, knead our dough together or sipped from a shared spoon to taste a new sensation. Cooking is nothing if not sensual.

One night we got into a food fight which ended when she poured batter down my pants and I crumbed her breasts.  I had a raging hard on whilst we were fighting and I waited until she noted it before breaking off the fight and, feigning embarrassment, fled the room mumbling apologies. 

I don't want you to think I was sexually frustrated during this time. Granted that as we all grew closer the girls started to show more flesh and I'd sometimes be treated to towel or panty clad asses dashing from bathroom to bedroom or visa versa.  I wasn't reduced to just handheld satisfaction though, at work I was chasing every bit of skirt I could and more than one of the production assistants was willing to let me catch her.  I kept these dalliances strictly separated from my home life however and rigourously maintained the illusion that I was a faithful and pining boyfriend.

The third step in my great plan came about three months after I moved in.  My plan was to create a problem for which a threesome is the only reasonable solution.  

First I had to make myself needy. My housemates started to hear the distant rumbles of thunder in my relationship with Helen and they were seemingly quicker than I was to hear and interpret the coming storm.

First it was a few missed calls, then it was me mentioning the drama group that Helen had become involved in, then it was the name of another guy - Allen - that sometimes crept into my accounts.

Even as they were reassuring me I could see Jan and Lucy look at each other, trying to decide whether they should tell me about the ominous nature of the signs they were seeing.

Finally, about three weeks after I started the trouble, Jan came home one night to find me alone in the kitchen with a half empty bottle of vodka in front of me.

"She left me" was all I said and lay my head on the table.

It took half an hour for Jan to get the whole story out of me, about Helen falling for her leading man, about her deciding that our long distance relationship could never work and how she had to be honest with me after sleeping with Allen.

I didn't try to faking crying but I didn't have to, soon enough I found myself wrapped in her comforting arms and my head buried in her inviting bosom.

I was careful not to take advantage of this though.  My aim was to score both Jan and Lucy together and tempting as the twin trophies before me might have been I eventually tore myself away from them.

It only took a couple of nights of this kind of teasing before Jan cracked.  As we sat on the couch one night and I talked about what a loser I must be I could see her eyes soften and she lent over to place her sweet warm lips against mine to reassure me of my desirability and manliness.

I didn't resist and I let the kiss grow into a full tongue battle and joined her in her gropes and squeezes.

Eventually though we broke for air and I announced to her that it couldn't be.  She looked stunned for a moment and slightly hurt.  I told her that it wasn't her, that I thought she was the most gorgeous woman (as proof of this I put her hand back on the inner thigh on my jeans so she could feel again the stiffness that showed I desired her) but that I was afraid of hurting Lucy, of hurting her and Lucy's friendship and that if her and I started something that would be the inevitable outcome.

I gave her a warm friendship hug and thanked her profusely for cheering me up and like the martyr I was playing I slunk off to my room.

This is the crucial step of this process; you must never suggest a threesome, because that is threatening and insulting to a woman.  Rather you need to create a problem that they can solve themselves, you need to make a problem that has a threesome as it's obvious solution.

I'd done my part of the plan and so I waited, looking as miserable and downtrodden as I could when around my housemates.

I'm sure it didn't take too long for Jan and Lucy to start discussing my sorry state and I guess it was Jan who suggested to Lucy how they could help and talked her into it.  

Late one night, after Jan and Lucy had gone out drinking, the door to my room burst open and the two of them ran in and jumped into bed with me, fully clothed, one on either side of me.

"Now you have no excuse" was all Jan said before she resumed the kiss that we had earlier broken. I acted groggy and bewildered for a few seconds but as soon as my hands came up to cup her ripe breasts she spun me around to face Lucy who was lying on the other side looking flushed and apprehensive.

"Go on" said Jan "show her if you want her here as well"

I kept my eyes locked with Lucy's and bought my hand up to gently brush her cheek.  The kiss that followed was as light and refined as the previous kiss with Jan had been rough and lusty.  Lucy was a different woman than Jan and needed different treatment.  I knew she wanted to savior the moment and I let her feel that kissing her was one of the great moments of my life.

Jan put up with our tenderness for about 20 seconds then shoved her hands down the front of my pajamas to grasp my hard cock.

"I can see you're 'up' for a good time"

I lay back and let Lucy and Jan strip me of my clothes.  Before I knew it Lucy had straddled my chest I got to watch close up as she wiggled out of her little black dress.  It was like watching a work of art created. First her lacy black panties came into view, high cut but not showing any pubic hair. Next came her taut stomach, beautiful creamy skin going up for every. I don't know if she was teasing me but she stopped there for a moment with her dress half off whilst she fumbled with the zip. I ran my eyes from the tight tendons of her inner thigh, past her gorgeous little belly button up to the bottom of her bra just peeking out from under the dress.

She looked down at my eager face and laughed as she pulled the dress up over her head.

The half cup bra pushing up her sweet little breasts.  When she had the dress off she lent over me with her hair hanging down around us and her breasts infront of my face.  "Like what you see?".

I slipped my hands behind her back to release her bra and wrapped my lips around the erect nipple in front of me.

Down below I could hear Jan ohing and Ahing as she fondled my penis then I gasped as I felt her mouth envelope it.  I pulled Lucy closer to me and whispered in her ear "Jan's sucking me...Oh god".  Lucy, little trooper that she was, took advantage of my open mouth and planted a deep kiss on me, turning my exclamation into a passionate lip lock.

Jan was like a vacuum cleaner and I felt as if my inside were being sucked out of both ends.

Lucy swung around to join Jan down by my prick and left her panty clad crotch just inches from my face.  I could smell her heat and at this distance I could see the outlines of her pussy through the dappled material.  She and Jan both had their hands on my cock and balls and were taking it in turns to lick my shaft; I took a few tentative nibbles at Lucy through the dark material and was rewarded with a grinding action by her hips.

My hands were trapped by my side and I reached up to find something to fondle.  I was expecting to encounter Lucy's pert breasts but encountered something much larger and softer.  By this time Jan had shucked her clothes and had positioned her breasts over my groping hands.  I massaged her mounds in my hands and grasped at her nipples whilst biting into the flesh of Lucy's cunt.

Lucy reached back to pull the slip of material to one side and I plunged my tongue into the sweet wetness of her slit.  She practically crushed me as she pushed back on my probing.  It wasn't more than a few seconds after I let go of Jan to grasp Lucy properly before she was bucking wildly to the first orgasm of the night.

Lucy fell of me onto the bed and her place was taken by Jan who straddled me with my cock pressed against the warmth of her pussy.

"Having fun big boy?"

Jan could only be described as voluptuous and lust added to her beauty. Her hair, normally worn loose around her shoulders, was piled up over her head. She was made up and looked like a movie star - a naked, slutty movie star in a porn flick - but a star none the less.

"Oh yea!" I replied "does it get any better than this?"

Jan rocked her hips gently against my stiffness. "I can think of a way"

Jan had a classic hour glass figure and I put my hands on her slim waist and in one fluid movement flipped her round so that I was on top and she was lying spread eagled beneath me. I looked into her eyes "I want to fuck you".

Her hands on my hips urged me to do just that.  I paused for a moment to find the right spot then plunged into her. Her legs went straight up and wrapped themselves around me as I thrust in again and again.

"Yes, fuck me, fuck me" she murmured "you need it, you deserve it"

I pulled her arms up over her head and with one hand around her wrists held them on the pillow above her.  My other hand roughly caressed her body as I pumped her. Jan went with the rough handling and started to urge me on with her own little fantasy.

"Fuck me like you want to fuck Helen, teach me a lesson, teach her she can't cheat on you, come on, fuck me harder!"

I would have happily filled her full of cum then and there but Lucy had come out of her revery and was now curling herself along the side of Jan's heaving body.  One of Lucy's hands fell naturally on Jan's breast which she started to mash with increasing vigour.  Still thrusting inside Jan I bent down to kiss Lucy lustfully.

I told them that there was one thing I'd always wanted to try and I got Lucy to lie on top of Jan in front of me. Everytime I fucked into Jan my public hairs mashed into Lucy's quim as well.

I pulled out to enjoy the luscious view in front of me; two beautiful, willing pussies and Lucy's puckered arsehole as well.  I took it in turns to slide my shaft into each of their cunts and I slid my hands up between their chests to enjoy feeling all four breast at once.

In truth I'd enjoyed this sandwich arrangement once before but the thrill of having two pussies together and available was too exquisite not to repeat.  Talk about heaven.

Finally I couldn't take it anymore selected Lucy's cunt for my final thrusts.  The presure building up in my cock was explosive and I pulled out as I came.  The first shot went clear upto Lucy's shoulder and I'm not sure that I didn't get some in Jan's face.  The rest of my sperm squirted out to flood the small of Lucy's back.

I collapsed on the bed next to them and stared in stunned amazement as Jan and Lucy stayed in position kissing, Jan's hands working across Lucy's back to rub my sperm all over her skin.

I woke in the morning spooned with Lucy, her sweet arse jammed against my worn but still willing cock.  Jan was leaning over me giving me a kiss.  "I've got to go to work big boy.  Why don't you stay in bed and have fun with little miss screamer here".  I was surprised to see that she was already dressed.  We kissed deeply then with a pat on my rump she left the room.  By the time I heard the front door close my cock was fully hard again and starting to work it's way into Lucy's cunt again.

I've figured out the steps to creating a threesome but I've never found away to keep it stable.  For a few weeks things were great and I got more sex than I could wish for, I even stopped seeing the girls I was doing at work because I had more use for my dick than I could cope with.  

Jan was voracious, I fucked her on the kitchen table, got blown by her in my car at the supermarket and fucked her up the arse one morning after she suprised me in the shower.

Lucy was less demonstrative but I learnt that if I slipped into her bedroom at night I'd never get a less than warm and willing welcome.

We had a few more group shows as well, including one that Jan brought a strap on to and we had the pleasure of sandwiching Lucy, me butt fucking her whilst Jan with her artificial aid buried deep up her vagina.

The problem with all this was that only two of the three of us were taking it lightly. Lucy, it transpired, had always harboured a 'thing' for me from the goget and had really only gone along with Jan's plan inorder to further that want. As it became clear that Jan and I were happy to keep fucking for the fun of it she became more resentful and angry.  Finally, about two months after our first tryst, the house exploded and it was me that high tailed it away from the mess left behind.

I heard that Jan and Lucy struggled on as rommmates for a month or two more but eventually parted company on less than cordial terms.

They always end in some variation of this, if any reader knows a magic formulae for keeping the expectations and needs of all parties in line then please let me know. 

It was worth every minute though, anytime I want to smile I just think of the similarities and contrasts between their mouths, their hot little cunts and their tight butts. Never fails to give me a little surge down below.