 Authors Note:

This story involves wives letting other men fuck them and pulling a train while their husbands watch and participate. If you don't like any of that, then I suggest you not read this story at all. If you read it anyway, just so you know, you can't vote or comment on it. ;) 

This is a copyrighted work by Zeb_Carter and is not to be duplicated or copied to other sites without the explicit authorization from the Zeb_Carter.

The Tool Shed

For the past year my husband, Geoff, has belonged to a private club him and his buddies from work had organized. Every Saturday night they all met at the clubhouse, a rented space in a warehouse. From what Geoff told me, they fixed the space up, with some tables and chairs and a small bar. There was a jukebox and a large plasma screen TV. Everybody chipped in. All twenty of them. Geoff told me the guys just hung out and watch some sports and such. As far as I knew, no women were allowed.

At least I thought no women were allowed. 

Then my best friend in the world and I were sitting in my kitchen last Saturday night drinking. Marie gets drunk on a half a glass of beer. And when she is drunk, she talks about things she really shouldn't. She talked about a lot of things. Some of which I had heard from her before. Her favorite subject was her husband Mike's, cock. She says it's to die for. Long and fat, it filled her up like no other cock she had ever had. 

She also liked to talk about how Mike and her talk about sharing her with other men. It's all talk, but she likes to act as if they have got her laid by strangers after picking them up in a bar on the other side of town. I would laugh or grown or moan in the appropriate places while she told me her outrageous stories. After a couple more drinks, she looked to see if anyone else was around. Then looking me in the eyes, she told me about what happened to her last Saturday night.

"You'll never believe this," she said slurring her words a little.

"Sure I will," I prompted. This is how these fantasies of hers went. She would pretend she needed me to prompt her in to tell me all the nasty details.

"Okay. Last Saturday, Mike took me out to a new club and you'll never guess what happened."

"Tell me, all the nasty details," I prompted.

"All right, but don't say I didn't warn you," Marie said giggling.

"Okay, I'm warned."

"Last Saturday I was fucked by twenty of the biggest cocks I had ever seen in one room. A couple were even bigger than Mike!" Marie laughed at the look of disbelief on my face. "I told you, you wouldn't believe me."

"You did, but please go on," I prompted, thinking this should be interesting.

"All right sweetie. Mike had me dress real sexy. You know, the black, almost see-through, number I wore that time we all went dancing? I see you do. I wore that without underwear. Well, I did have a garter belt and stockings, but that was all. Oh and my five-inch black pumps. Mike said I looked wonderful. High praise coming from him.

"Anyway, we drove to this place. It wasn't far, but hell if I can remember where. So many twists and turns and I was checking my Facebook page on my phone and not paying attention."

"Get to what happened," I almost shouted. This story sounded quite different from her fantasies she had told me in the past.

"Okay, okay. The place was a little seedy inside. A bunch of old tables and chairs around a raised platform with this contraption on it. It looked like a bed, but only one person would fit on it. And there were ropes and chains and cuffs and stuff. It looked scary, yet excited me. There was a small bar along one wall. Mike took me there to get me a drink. I really needed one. All the men there were gorgeous. All dressed in suits with ties. They all looked so nice. Handsome. And they all smelled so good.

"Mike and I stood at the bar. We had several drinks and talked to each other. The other men sat at their tables drinking and smiling at me. There was a big TV on the wall. There was a porno playing. A woman was getting the fucking of her life. She had a cock in her pussy and one in each hand. The men standing around her were all naked and hot. Then I noticed she was on the contraption on the platform.

"That's when I knew I was in for an exciting evening. My pussy was suddenly soaking wet. Mike was rubbing my ass, giving it a gentle squeeze once in a while. Looking down, I saw his cock was hard by the tent it made in his pants."

"Oh my god, Marie! Did you actually fuck them all?" I suddenly had to know.

"I did and it was fantastic. I was filled with more come than I had ever been. Some of them fucked me more than once. Geoff fucked me three times."

Marie took a sip from her drink as I sat there in stunned silence. Did I hear her right? Had she said, Geoff? My husband? She said it like she was talking about my husband.

"My...my husband...was there?" I croaked.

"Oops," she muttered.

"Yeah, oops. What the fuck Marie?"

"I don't think I should be telling you this..."

"You had better tell me every last detail or I'll slap the shit out of you. Do you understand?" I screamed.

So she did with a little reluctance. I had to prompt her several times, but it all came out. It turns out she wasn't the first wife of the group turned out. She learned from Mike after the event, that sixteen wives have already been fucked by the group. I was a little-pissed off. Geoff had cheated on me seventeen times.

After Marie told me about that Saturday night, she continued talking. I didn't need to prompt her, she was on automatic pilot until she was overwhelmed by the alcohol. It turned out there were rules to this poor excuse for a club. 

Rule 1, to be a member your 'member' had to be longer than seven inches. Width wasn't all that important, your cock just had to hit bottom.

Rule 2, your wife had to be attractive. A little plump was okay, but she had to be extremely pretty.

Rule 3, you could only turn down the selection of your wife two times. Turn it down a third and you were out.

Marie let it slip I had been chosen twice already and Geoff had refused my selection. Next time he would be out of the club and would have to pay a heavy penalty. Marie didn't say what the penalty was.

Rule 4, you don't talk about Tool Shed, even after your wife was put to the test. That's what they called it according to Marie.

Rule 5, see rule 4.

That was the end of the rules. Marie passed out after that, cackling about the fifth rule. I would have to wait until she woke up in the morning. I roused her enough to get her to the guest bedroom and into bed. I had no fear she would puke during the night, the girl could hold her liquor. Peeing was another question. I cleaned up the place and went to bed.

Geoff coming home woke me, but I pretended to be asleep. He grunted and crawled into bed and went right to sleep.

