 Although safe sex is not mentioned in my story for creative purposes, rest assured that we always use protection. I would like to take the time to thank those of you who have left me some very encouraging and helpful comments regarding previous stories. I hope you enjoy this story and feel free to leave me a message if you like.

--------------------------

My wife Amy and I have been married for just over a year but dated for nearly 10 years prior to tying the knot. I know it's rare for a guy to say so, but I have a better time when I'm with her than I do with anyone else. We get along famously and our sex life is out of this world. We found out early on in our relationship that we are both open to trying new things in the bedroom, or any other room for that matter. Amy initiated our first FFM threesome with a co-worker of hers just 6 months after we began dating and we never looked back! Ever since that fateful night we have continued to experiment with swapping, MMF threesomes and some occasional girl on girl action. The best part of all these wonderful experiences is that once they are through, Amy and I can't wait to be alone and often spend the next few days so turned on that we can't keep our hands off one another.

Our latest adventure took place when we decided to host a house warming party and invited all of our open-minded friends to our new place for cocktails. It took us nearly a week to prepare for the gathering as we wanted everything to be perfect by the time our guests arrived. We set out lots of food and had a wide variety, and ample supply, of liquor. Amy made up our spare beds and futons so that people wouldn't have to drive at the end of the evening while I showered and shaved. Once she was done setting up she also had a shower and slipped into her party attire. She had chosen one of her favourite outfits which was sure to grab everyone's attention, a very short plaid skirt and a white dress shirt that opened to show her ample cleavage. My wife has never been one to wear any underwear and this occasion was no different. She was aware that each time she bent over her ass and pussy would be clearly visible to all who cared to look.

We were just finishing up when we heard the doorbell rang, signalling the arrival of our first guests. We anxiously strolled down the stairs arm in arm to greet our friends and were pleasantly surprised to see Matt and Krissy at the door. They were the first couple that we had ever swapped with and they also took part in Amy's birthday orgy a few months back. They are both 36 years old, a few years older the Amy and I, but keep their bodies looking and feeling young by working out a few times a week. Matt was dressed in shorts and a collared shirt while Krissy wore jeans that hugged her feminine figure and a tight fitting t-shirt. We greeted each other with casual handshakes and hugs before showing them around our new home. They complimented us on nearly everything we had done to the house and were especially intrigued by our newest addition, a ten person hot tub that we had installed in the backyard. 

Just as we finished the tour the doorbell rang so I escorted Matt and Krissy into the basement where the bar was located so we could fix some drinks while Amy went to answer the door. My wife got to the door and found another couple that we had had some fun with waiting for her. Scott and Samantha were a couple that we met online and met one night for some hot adult fun. Samantha and Amy gave Scott and I quite a show that night as we snapped away on the digital cameras. Since they had already seen the house during a previous visit they were quick to join the rest of us downstairs. 

Amy and I introduced the two couples for the first time and I noticed that Matt looked Samantha up and down as Scott did the same to Krissy. Samantha was dressed in a short white skirt that showed off her toned legs and her dark tank top contrasted her light blonde hair. Scott was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and looked like he was ready to head to the beach. Amy made some drinks for Scott and Samantha and the six of us had a few moments to mingle prior to more friends arriving. I was glad to see that our guests were getting along quite well so far and desperately hoped that this trend would continue. 

"I'll get this one." I stated when I heard somebody else at the door. I made my way upstairs and discovered Amy's friends Rebecca and Justin chatting on the front porch. "Do you two know each other?" I asked. 

"Nope, we just arrived at the same time!" Rebecca told me. "Is anyone else here yet?"

"Yeah, a few people beat you here. Come in you two." I requested.

Rebecca stepped forward first and greeted me with a hug. She was wearing a pair of knee high boots and tight fitting dress pants that hugged her voluptuous body. Rebecca was blessed with a pair of 44DD breasts that were currently covered by a white button up dress shirt that was stretched to the limit. It looked as if the buttons would succumb to the pressure at any moment! 

The first couple of times that I'd seen Rebecca, I wasn't too enthralled but that had changed recently. On the night of Amy's stagette I volunteered to pick the ladies up at the end of the night and of course they were pretty intoxicated. Up until this night I had never seen Rebecca drunk and it turned out that she definitely had a wild side to her. During the ride home she was seated behind the driver's seat and kept leaning into the front seat and flirting with me. She even went so far as to tell me that if I stopped for some food on the way home that she would let me tit fuck her. Since that day I have imagined playing with her massive breasts each and every time I see her and having them mashed against my chest wasn't helping matters at all. 

Once Rebecca and I ended our embrace Justin stepped forward and nervously shook my hand. His nervousness came from the fact that he had fucked my wife twice while I was away at work. He knew that Amy and I had an open relationship but it was still a very awkward moment for him. He was about 5 years younger than anyone who would be joining us tonight and had limited experience when it came to the bedroom. We exchanged the usual 'what's new' and 'how's it going' before I suggested that he and Rebecca make their way to the basement and catch up with Amy. I remained upstairs since I was tired of running up the stairs each time new people arrived and fastened a sign to the door which invited everybody in and informed them to join us downstairs. 

I was glad I decided to hang the sign as before I had even made it down the stairs I heard the door open and people talking at the entrance. I continued down the stairs and was followed closely by my friend Chris and his new girlfriend Stacy. This was the first time Amy and I would meet Stacy and we were both anxious to see what she was like. Chris was a childhood friend of mine who had been lucky enough to have joined me in fucking my wife twice in the past year. Amy and I were both hoping that Stacy was attractive and that she would be open enough to join us for foursome every once in a while. We were pleasantly surprised to see that Stacy was a knockout. She stood 5'6" and had perfectly tanned skin. Her tight dress hugged her round 34C tits and fell nicely off her firm and round ass. She had her blonde hair cut very short which allowed her beautiful face to be clearly seen. Her green eyes seemed to sparkle and her lips appeared as if they were made for sucking cock. 

Amy was aware that Stacy would be the only person at the party that wouldn't know more than one person so she made and extra effort to make her feel welcome. Stacy was introduced to everybody and was soon chatting with some of the girls without Chris or Amy present. Scott, Justin, Matt and I were all checking out Stacy as she mingled with the rest of the ladies and sipped frequently on her drink. Each time she pressed her lips to her beverage I thought about how much I wished I was her glass. I am sure that Scott and Justin were having the same sort of daydream while Matt seemed to be preoccupied with Samantha. 

When I finally pried my eyes off of Stacy I noticed that a few other guests had arrived without my knowledge. Amy's cousin April had shown up with a new guy she had met online and had gone out with a few times. His name was Ryan and he was about 6' tall, well built and turned out to be a great guy. April was the same age as my wife and they grew up as best friends and partners in crime. April had even helped Amy fuck an ex-boyfriend of hers goodbye on the night that I met my future wife. April was quite tall, standing 5'10" and had legs that went on forever and was graced with nice B cup breasts. I had slept with April once before during her last visit and was looking forward to getting the chance once again.

Amy's friend Pam had also flown out for a visit and was making her way down the stairs when I turned around. Pam was another one of my wife's friends that I had had sex with when she joined us last year for Amy's birthday and she looked particularly good. Pam was 5'7" with a nice body and very large breasts that were topped with nipples that were made for sucking. Pam had recently broke up with her boyfriend so we invited her in an attempt to help her forget him. We even decided to invite a single friend of mine that we hoped would be a good match for Pam and would show her a good time while she was in town. Rob was a guy that I worked with and golfed with on a regular basis and I knew that he would find Pam attractive and be okay with whatever happened at the party. I was also aware that Rob had a thing for my wife so we figured that even if he didn't hit it off with Pam that Amy would keep him entertained. Rob was about 5'10", weighed 200 pounds and had a great sense of humor which we figured Pam would like.

Now that all of our guests had arrived I went upstairs and locked the front door while everybody drank and got acquainted in the basement. It had been nearly two hours since our first guests had arrived and some of them were getting a pretty good buzz going. The volume of their conversations had risen noticeably and there was a lot more laughter. It was nice to see that even people who didn't know each other prior to tonight were getting along famously and those that did know each other picked up where they had previously left off . I made myself another drink and joined the rest of them in having a good time and catching up. I decided to firstly check on Rob and Pam to make sure that everything was working out well. I noticed that they had found a quiet corner and were immersed in what appeared to be a very deep conversation. I used Pam's empty glass as an excuse to interrupt and asked if she'd like a refill.

"I sure do! I have to use the washroom as well though so I'll come with you." she answered with a smile before standing up and following me to the bar. "Rob seems like a really nice guy and we have so much in common. Thanks for inviting him."

"No problem, we thought you'd like him!" I said to her as we approached the bar. "He definitely like you. He hasn't taken his eyes off your ass since you stood up!"

Pam quickly spun around and saw that I was being truthful as Rob's eyes were fixed on her round ass which was barely covered by her short skirt. Not being the shy type, Pam quickly flipped up her skirt which gave Rob an unobstructed view of her bare bottom. I watched Rob's jaw drop from Pam's show of exhibitionism while he glared at her caboose and panty covered pussy. A few of our other guests also witnessed Pam's display and momentarily halted their conversations to get a better look. Pam gave me a sexy wink before standing up, adjusting out her skirt, and heading to the bathroom. I finished with the drinks and rejoined Rob on the couch in the corner.

"Not too bad, eh?" I asked, referring to Pam.

"She is gorgeous! I can't believe she just showed me her ass!" Rob exclaimed.

I kept Rob company until Pam returned in a few minutes with a naughty smile and a fresh beverage. Before I could get up and leave the two of them alone Pam hopped into my lap and rested her feet on Rob's crotch. She wrapped her arm around my neck and pulled me close so she could whisper something into my ear.

"When is this party going to get rolling, if you know what I mean?" Pam asked anxiously. 

"It's not like there's going to be a starting bell!" I joked, "Just wait for everyone to loosen up a bit."

I carefully lifted Pam's ass, giving it a firm squeeze, and plopped her back down on the couch next to Rob after I had risen to my feet. I mingled amongst the crowd for a while, chatting with everybody we had invited in an attempt to gauge how they were all doing and whether or not they needed anything. When I reached the group of four or five people that had gathered at the bar I was asked Stacy if I could grab her a sweater to wear since she was chilly in her barely there dress. I suggested that she come with me so she could find something that she liked and not just one of my hoodies. I escorted Stacy upstairs to our master bedroom and opened Amy's closet so she could search for a warmer garment. 

While she was going through my wife's clothes, and complimenting on how nice of a wardrobe she had, we got to know each other a little better and learned that we had a lot in common such as music and sports. She also confided in me that she had heard all about the threesomes that Chris, Amy and I had previously enjoyed and that hearing Chris tell her the stories always got her excited. 

"I think it's so hot that you and Amy are so open and so secure! I have never had a threesome but have always fantasized about it!" Stacy admitted. 

"Well, tonight just might be your chance!" I informed her.

"What do you mean?" she inquired.

"Everybody at the party are people that either Amy, myself or both of us have been with at some point so there is a pretty good chance that before the night is through something wild will occur!" I said cautiously. I didn't want to freak her out and was somewhat upset that Chris had "forgotten" to tell her what could be expected at the party. I assured her that nothing would happen that she wasn't okay with and that she would not be pressured into anything. 

She surprised me by stepping forward and planting an unexpected kiss on my mouth. Her lips were full and felt wonderful but I didn't want things to get out of hand....yet! Stacy seemed to be very open to having some wild fun tonight but I didn't want to be away from the other guests for too long so I pulled away and recommended that she grab a sweater and head back downstairs. She reluctantly agreed and we headed back to rejoin the party in the basement once she found a sweater that suited her needs. 

When Stacy and I arrived downstairs I saw that somebody had pulled out the poker table and Matt was in the midst of distributing the chips while the others were standing around talking loudly. It was apparent that the liquor was continuing to take effect because there was a lot of flirting going on. I quickly grabbed a seat before they were all taken and helped Matt sort the chips. When we were almost prepared I called out to everybody that we were ready to begin. Chris, Rob and Amy decided against playing some poker and instead chose to head outside and enjoy the hot tub for a while. Rebecca and Pam also chose not to play but they didn't want to hit the hot tub just yet either. They insisted that they were okay with just sitting and watching us play. The rest of the gang pulled up some chairs and sat around the table and began to start telling some wild poker tales. 

I ended up being seated between Scott and Samantha which was kind of odd since the chair next to Samantha was open and Scott could have sat next to his wife. Matt was directly across the table from me and was between Krissy and Stacy, which didn't seem like a bad place to be! April occupied the chair next to Samantha and Ryan was next to her with Stacy on his other arm. Justin ended up in the seat between Scott and Krissy and seemed a little uneasy about not knowing anyone at the table really well. I did my best to make him feel welcome and he soon loosened up and joined in on the teasing and flirting that was taking place at the table. We played a few hands of hold 'em and pretty soon April and myself were running low on chips. I lasted only about five hands and April ran out of chips on the following hand. I told April to meet me on the couch and that I would fix us some new drinks as we were both running low. 

Once I had made our refreshments I joined my wife's cousin on the couch in the corner while we waited for others to drop from the game. The next person to fail miserably at the poker table was Ryan so he came over and had a seat on the couch next to April. April and I both mocked him mercilessly since he was bragging earlier about how good of a poker player he was. He tried to use the booze as an excuse but it was pointless as everyone was drinking which evened the playing field. We eventually stopped harassing him and April leaned in and gave him a sensual kiss as an apology for her constant teasing. By the time their kiss ended so did Krissy's time at the table and she sat in the love seat next to the rest of us losers. 

I rose from my seat on the couch and joined Krissy. I asked her how she was enjoying herself since she looked slightly disappointed about something. She informed me that Matt was starting to aggravate her because he was staring at Samantha from across the table throughout the entire poker game. Krissy said she lost purposely so that she could get away for a minute or two and calm down before she did or said something that she'd regret. I knew from our previous experience with Matt and Krissy that she wasn't a very confident woman despite her above average looks and body. She was a 37 year old mother of two and still looked good enough to turn heads, I know she certainly turned mine. I asked her if she wanted to go upstairs and chat for a bit away from the rest of the group and she said she would like that. 

I followed her up the stairs, checking out her ass as we walked, and joined her in the living room. We talked about how upset she got after Amy's birthday orgy that we had last year because Matt didn't pay her enough attention. I reminded her that she was the one that dared Kylee to give Matt a blowjob and of how wet she became while watching her husband with another woman. She knew I was right and didn't attempt to argue, instead she leaned in close and gave me a sweet kiss on the cheek, thanking me for comforting her. I told Krissy to head downstairs that I would be right down after I checked on the folks in the hot tub. I quietly made my way through the kitchen and to the patio doors hoping to see some action taking place out back but I was disappointed to find that the three of them were just relaxing in the warm water and chatting. I slid open the door and asked if anyone needed anything from inside before I headed back downstairs. 

"We could use some drinks and we forgot towels, can you grab some from the closet?" Amy asked.

"And we could use some more women! It's kind of a sausage fest in here!" Rob added.

"I'll see what I can do about that! I think I'm going to play one more game of poker and then join you as well!" I replied.

I gave them drinks and towels before returning to the basement for another crack at the poker table. I was surprised to find that the table had been put away and everybody was standing around the bar. It turns out that Scott won the game and everyone decided that they didn't want to play another one. They were all standing around the bar doing shots and laughing hysterically at stories that were being shared and jokes that were being told. It was clear that everybody was getting quite drunk, which was a good thing considering what I hoped would take place not to long from now. 
