 Story of a hot single mom who works as a food broker in a male dominated field.

Donna woke early, she needed to be at the Marriot hotel at Newark/Liberty Airport by 7 am for her first food show. She had worked as a food broker for AD Garvis for five months, her job was to get food products into businesses around the tri-state area. In a short time Donna had amassed a pretty sizeable account record.

Her co-worker and trainer, Robert, called her "the key", meaning whenever he went anywhere with her, doors opened and contracts were signed. Donna was an extremely beautiful woman, blonde hair, blue eyes. Perfect hour glass figure , with a flat stomach and 36 dd boobs. The boobs were fake, but she'd been told by a few guys that they looked and hung as if they were real. She looked much younger and better then most 20 year old girls. People rarely believed she was 35 with two kids.

Today was her first three day food show. The night before, her and several co-workers set up the display area for AD Garvis, the distributor she worked for. She could have stayed at the hotel, the company booked a room for her and another room for her immediate supervisor Jake and Robert, her trainer. Donna didn't stay that first night, she had no baby sitter, but she could stay the next two nights because her mom came down to watch the kids.

She was done getting ready and took a moment to look at herself in the mirror. She wore a pair of grey business slacks and a white button down shirt. The shirt was designed without the top two buttons, so some cleavage showed. Over the shirt she wore a matching grey vest that buttoned just under her boobs. She looked striking, professional yet sexy. She grabbed her small overnight bag and another business outfit for tomorrow, just incase she stayed over.

It was only a 30 minute ride from her house to the Marriot. When she walked into the lobby she noticed Dave, one of the few younger guys from her company. Dave noticed her and smiled and waved. He was a decent looking 27 year old, tall and thin, short black hair, but not her type, she was more into the tattooed biker look. "Hey Donna, good morning." he said as he offered to help her with her things. "Thanks Dave, you're here early." She answered. "I got here last night, Jake let me stay in the room they reserved for you because you weren't staying." Dave replied.

Donna thought about where she would sleep that night, but then figured, she wasn't far from home so it didn't matter. "Jake and Rob are eating breakfast in the restaurant, you want to head there?" he asked. "No, I'm good, but do you think I can have the room key so I can put my stuff in the room?" she asked. "Of course, I'll help you up." He offered. "No, its ok, the bag has wheels. You go eat, why make them wait"? Donna waved him off. Dave handed her the key card and walked toward the restaurant.

Donna went up to the 7th floor and found the room. Using the key she opened the door and walked in, the room was big, had a couch and a giant bed. Houskeeping hadn't come through and the bed was still unmade. Daves laptop was on the bed, open, with the screen saver on. She put her roller bag in the closet and threw her overnight bag on the bed because she wanted to pee. As she did so, the bag hit Daves open laptop keyboard, prompting the screen saver to stop. She was greeted by a paused porn movie. She giggled and shook her head.

On the screen was a hot brunette with big tits lying on her back playing with herself, it looked like two guys were kneeling over her jerking off. Donna went to pee, came back out, moved her overnight bag, she shut his laptop and headed downstairs.

She walked into the restaurant and saw her three coworkers. "Hey guys" she said as she sat at the table. "Hey beautiful, you're looking as hot as ever"! said Rob, her trainer. Rob was with the company for years. He was 60, short and had a pot belly with thick salt and pepper hair and a huge walrus mustache. He and Donna worked together every day. Rob was a little bit of a perv, he would often make off color comments to Donna about the way she looked and how nice he thought her boobs looked. They would spend a lot of time driving together from account to account, Rob would always try to cop a feel of her boobs or touch her thighs and always told her that she gets him hard.

Donna knew this was inappropriate, but she laughed it off and would even get into sexual banter with him. After all, she came from the bar business, guys would comment all the time, if she smiled and laughed, she got better tips. She knew she may have taken the playfulness too far when one time last month as they were getting supplies from the warehouse, Donna bent down to pick something up. She was wearing the same grey slacks she had on today. Rob commented about her ass looking wonderful, she laughed. Before she knew anything, Rob had stuck his hand down the back of her pants. She jumped around and removed his hand and yelled at him. He just said sorry, I thought you wouldn't mind. After that he calmed down with some of his stuff, Donna never reported him.

The waitress came over and Donna ordered a coffee, Jake went over who would they would all do once the show started. Jake was in his late 50's, a little bit of a belly, not really a handsome man. His hair was thick, more black then grey.

The first day was crowded and went off without a hitch. As they shut everything down for the night Rob exclaimed that he was buying the first round in the lounge. As they were walking out of the hall, Donna turned towards the lobby. "See you guys tomorrow" she said.

"Where you going Donna?" Jake asked

"I was going to head home, Dave is staying in the room and I don't mind, im not far." She answered.

"Cmon, we had a long day, one drink, I'll put it all on the expense account" Jake offered.

"I could use a beer." She thought. Donna shot her boyfriend a text and walked with her co-workers to the lounge. The sat in a corner booth, Donna slid in, Dave was on her left, Rob on her right. Jake went to the bar and came back with drinks.

The all started bullshitting and one beer turned to 8 and a shot. They were all feeling good, several times during the night Rob would rub her thighs, she would laughingly remove his hand. The lounge closed early, at 10. Donna didn't realize the time. She looked at her phone a saw several missed text from her boyfriend, she just told him they got done cleaning late.

As they started to leave the lounge, Jake said "Donna why don't you stay, I have the suite next door, it has two separate bedrooms and a couch, Dave can crash there. She thought it over, it would make things easier. "Ok, Dave you sure you don't mind?" she asked, " No, not at all, I figured that's what would happen. No Worries" Dave said. Donna shot her mom a text and told her she'd be staying overnight.

Donna went to her room, Dave said" I'll just come in and grab my stuff." He quickly gathered his things and his laptop and walked to the next room. Donna peed and changed into a pair of sweats and a tank top. As she got into bed she could hear the three guys next door laughing loudly every once and awhile. From time to time she thought she heard them mention her name. She put it out of her mind and turned on the TV and drifted to sleep.

The next day went off great and the 8 hours flew by, the show was done by 230 pm . They packed all their stuff and loaded it into the company van. Jake offered to buy them all and early dinner at the restaurant, it was only about 430. Again, drinks started flowing. At about 8 pm, they all were a little tipsy. Jake finished his beer and said "Why don't we move this to my room? I have booze, I can't keep putting this many bar tabs on the account." He laughed. They all left the restaurant and took the elevator to their floor. As they got to their floor, Donna went to her room. "Aren't you gonna have one more?" Dave asked as he saw Donna go towards her room. "I don't know, Maybe. Let me change and make a call, I know I'm not driving. " She went to her room and changed into her sweats and a light blue tank top with spaghetti straps. To save time in the morning she made sure most of her things were packed away.

She called her boyfriend, who was not at all happy she wasn't going to see him again. After and hour argument she got off the phone. She wanted a drink, she was frustrated. Donna text Jake "You guys packing it in early, sounds like its quiet, I was just gonna come for a beer."

"Come on over, we still are going." Jake replied.

Donna got up and grabbed her zippered hooded sweat shirt to cover herself. She knew if they saw her in a tank top they'd go nuts, especially Rob. As she opened her door, Rob was holding the door of the next room open. Jakes suite was huge, two couches in an L shape and huge flat screen TV. She noticed Dave closing his laptop as she walked in. She saw wires hooked to the TV. Jake handed her a beer, " We were just going over some things on the laptop, we hooked it up to the TV so we could see better". Rob laughed "Yeah, going over some hard work" The other two guys chuckled.

After an hour and four beers, coupled with the drinks at dinner, Donna was pretty buzzed. The guys had changed from their work clothes. Jake and Rob were both in white t-shirts and shorts and Dave had on a tank top and sweat pants. She never noticed how skinny he was. After awhile everyone was feeling a little loose, they were bullshitting about work stuff, when Rob changed the topic

" Donna, since were all casual, us guys have been talking and have a friendly bet going, we need your help to resolve it"? Rob asked. "Ok, what can I do?" she asked. The guys laughed and Rob continued," We were sitting here before and we got on this discussion and we were wondering......well..." he stammered.

"What Rob?" She asked

"Well.....ehhh, we wanted to know what your areolas and nipples looked like?" Rob finished.

Donna laughed "Are you guys kidding me?? Is that the work you were talking about?"

"Sort of" Jake answered. Dave handed Donna another beer , which she accepted.

'Well?" Jake asked.

"Are you serious?" She asked.

"Totally doll" Rob answered.

Donna laughed and said she thought they were crazy, she got up to pee and came back she unzippered her sweat shirt and took it off because she was warm and to tease these guys a little, something she secretly enjoyed. "Holy Fuck, look at those" Rob exclaimed.

"Knock it off Rob" Donna laughed.

"So Donna.... Are you going to let us know?" Dave, the usually quiet one asked

"Holy shit, you too fucker!?" she laughed, surprised that Dave was being forward.

"Look doll, we even drew what we all thought. " Rob said as he showed her a piece of paper with circles drawn on them. Donna sat on the couch next to Rob. "Hmm, I dunno, I think they are bigger then all of those." She said.

"No way" Jake said

"See, I figured that" Rob said

"Holy shit" is all Dave could manage.

"Does that help your bet" she asked

"No, I don't think so, I guess it would be who's is the closest, I wish we could compare." Jake said.

Donna laughed again and turned to look at Dave ,"Well, Dave, the movie you had on your laptop, mine may have been as big as that actress, just not as dark. But I didn't get a good look. But maybe close to hers". She laughed.

Dave flushed red. Rob and Jake got a good laugh.

"Sorry Babe" she said," when I threw my bag on the bed it hit your laptop and knocked the screen saver off, the movie was paused."

"Dave, was that the same movie you showed us?" Rob asked. Dave nodded his head no.

"Wait, you pervs were watching porn?" Donna laughed "Together? That's gay! "

"Yeah, that was what we were doing right before you got here." Jake answered.

"You guys are too much" she said.

"Well, looking at you strut around for two days got us all hard, we needed release" Rob laughed. The all giggled, Donna included.

"Hey, if we put on the movie you were talking about, can you let us know, then we can settle this bet?" Jake asked.

Donna laughed and in the spirit of being a good sport said "Sure go ahead."

Rob exclaimed "Oh boy, this is like Christmas in July!"

Dave fired up that laptop, which was displayed on the 60 inch flat screen, pretty soon this hot brunette, with big tits, in a business outfit was talking with her coworkers in a conference room. Dave started to fast forward "Hold on, just let it play" Donna said. Jake got up and shut off the lights and they all settled in.

Jake and Dave sat on the one couch, Rob and Donna on the other. The movie played on, the girl gave her presentation and the guys congratulated her and gave her a hug and a kiss, they passed her back and forth and the kisses went from friendly to making out.

Donna looked around, the guys were glued to the screen. On screen, They undid her bra, her tits were nice, but Donna knew her areolas were bigger. "Sorry guys, mine are bigger" she said.

"No way " Jake exclaimed. Donna just giggled and nodded. Dave made a move toward the computer. "You don't have to turn it off" she said "Unless you guys want to?"

In unison the three guys said "no". Dave sat back down. The girl in the movie was on her knees sucking the two big cocks. Going back and forth between them while they played with her tits.

Donna noticed in the dim TV light, that all the guys had covered their waist area with throw pillows and they all had a hand under the pillow. Donna was getting wet, she knew she shouldn't be here and she should leave, she had recently been engaged to her boyfriend. And she just knew these two old pervs and Dave were probably touching their cocks. Donna placed her sweatshirt over her lap and slid her right hand into her pants and started rubbing her clit.

"Ok, well, since your all interested in my tits, what about your cocks, are they like the ones on the screen?" she asked with a laugh.

Jake was first to answer "Well, mine is average I guess.... I'm a jew, we aint known for big cocks" he said sheepishly. "Darling , I got a fucking coke can in my pants" Rob said with a grunt. She looked at Dave. "Normal, I guess, not as big as those." The girl on the screen was now on all fours getting fucked from behind on the conference table, the other guy was laying in front of her and she was sucking his dick. After a several minutes, you could feel the passion and lust in the room. Everyone was watching the movie.

Donna finally said "Guys, I guess there is only one way to settle your bet" and she pulled her spaghetti straps over her shoulders, bringing her beautiful tits into view. Here boobs were gorgeous, they hung as if they were real and her pink areolas were about the size of a cookie. Here nipples were hard, they weren't eraser head nipples, but they made her boobs look perfect.

"Holy Fuck." Rob said as he moved the pillow. Donna was surprised that he had his cock out of his shorts, she thought he was just touching it over his shorts. Rob wasn't lying, his cock was a fat and as long a coke can, she would've never thought the fat ugly guy had a cock like that. "Damn Rob, that is impressive!" she said aloud, she looked at Jake and Dave and they moved the pillows and were stroking their cocks. "Doll, your tits are better then I ever imagined. Perfect!" Rob exclaimed.

The girl in the movie was now laying on her back playing with her pussy and tits while the two guys were kneeling on either side of her, stroking themselves furiously over her. Donna was close.....she felt Robs hand fondle her right boob. Her right hand was busy playing with her clit, so she brought her left hand over to push his hand away. Rob grabbed her left hand and put it under her tits, the move actually made her tits propped up and held together. He held a wrist and rather forcefully said "Cut the shit Donna, were all Jerking off, you're rubbing your pussy and your hotter than this porn chick. I'm touching those tits, there is no way I can't"! Rob resumed fondling her boobs and stroking his cock. Donna just allowed it, she couldn't deny that it felt good. For some reason having this old ugly perv fondle her while he jerked off made her ready to cum.

In the movie the guys started to shower the girl with cum. "Oh god" Donna whispered as she neared a climax. "You like that Donna" Rob grunted

"Yes" she whispered

"You like watching them cum on her?" Rob grunted

"Yes" Donna moaned

"You want cum on you like that?" Rob asked again

"Yesssssss!!!!" She Screamed as she began to cum.

Rob was the first to get up and aim his cock at Donna, the other two guys quickly took que and got up and surrounded her as well, jerking their cocks furiously.

Dave was the first to burst, his cum landed on her left shoulder and tit, this made Donna keep cumming. Jake came next, he got her dead center between both tits. She loved how warm his cum felt. Donna was still cumming, she looked at Robs fat cock and big balls bouncing as he was stroking just inches from her face. "FUUUUUCCCCKK" she gasped as another orgasm shook her. Rob didn't miss his opportunity, he quickly knelt and rammed his cock into her open mouth. Donna instinctively began to suck his cock. It was so fat she could barely take the head. He didn't last long, he bucked his hips three times and grunted.

Donna felt his swollen prick explode in her mouth, she tried to swallow, but man, this old bastard kept cumming, she pushed him back and grabbed his still cumming cock and jerked it showering her right tit and neck with the rest of his cum. Her tits were completely covered in cum. Glistening in the light from the TV.

The three guys all sat down. After some heavy breathing..... Donna began laughing, they all did..... "Ok, someone clean me up" she laughed.... "And who won the bet?!" "Me!" Rob said as they all laughed again. Donna wondered to herself "what the fuck did you do? You don't shit where you eat." But she put it quickly out of her mind..... it was fucking hot.