 Jo and Nick had been playing for a few months when he finally arranged for one of her fantasies to be fulfilled. Since they had chatted Nick had teased her with the idea of a threesome with one of her friends. At first she had been interested but the more she got to know him the more interested she was.

She was tall, a few inches shy of six foot, and had gorgeous curves that Nick enjoyed stroking as he fucked her. Her breasts were gorgeous and he was always mesmerised by them as she rode his thick cock to orgasms. They'd had a few adventures together but tonight was going to be for her memory box.

She met Nick in the car park of a supermarket near the house of his friend. He smiled as he saw she was wearing a flowing red dress that hugged her curves and ended just above her knees. Calf length black boots topped off the outfit and after sliding up his hand inside her thighs he confirmed that she had no panties on. His fingers teased her clit making her moan and spread her legs wider in the car urging him on. He pulled back and she sighed then he pulled out a blindfold. He slowly fastened it around her eyes. Then taking her hand he guided it between her legs and whispered in her ear that she should play with herself.

Driving carefully he travelled the short distance to his friend's house and pulled up outside.

"Don't remove your blindfold gorgeous..." Nick grinned as he opened his door, stepped out and walked round. Carefully he helped her out of the car and led her up the driveway towards the house. Obviously nervous she walked very carefully. As they reached the door Nick kissed the back of her neck and knocked gently.

Chris opened the door grinning and said hello. Nick felt Jo stiffen as the stranger spoke. "Trust me." Nick said and gently led her inside. Once inside they sat her down on a large sofa and moved to sit either side of her. Turning her head Nick kissed her softly, his hands stroking her thighs, pulling the hem of her skirt higher. Breaking the kiss he let her go and watched as Chris reached out and turned her head towards him and kissed her. She was hesitant but quickly relaxed into him enjoying the kisses. 

The did this for a few minutes, taking turns to kiss her as their hand slowly explored her body, cupping her breasts, stroking her thighs and slowly teasing her flushed skin. She was becoming more and more responsive as her arousal quickly overcame her nerves. Blindfolded and unable to see everything was heightened for her - touch, smell, taste and sound. Every little breath, caress and whispered filthy word served to increase her growing need.

Reaching out slowly, Nick undid the first button on her dress and then leaned in to kiss her exposed collar. Chris reached over to undo the next button and leaned in to kiss the top of her exposed breasts. Nick's turn - he undid another button and revealed more of her bra covered breasts. Leaning down he kissed them softly and grazed his teeth over the soft skin as she moaned gently. Chris undid the next one and moved forwards to kiss her breasts. Nick undid the final button and pulled her dress open wide. Revealing her naked body, Nick gleefully unfastened the bra - he'd made sure she wore the one that opened at the front. With her breasts exposed Nick and Chris both closed in taking one each and kissing and sucking. Nick watched as Chris slid his fingers down and slowly slipped two inside Jo.

She arched her back sharply as his fingers entered her letting out a guttural groan. He teased her clit and worked his fingers in and out of her Nick shift away slightly and stood. Quickly stripping out of his clothes he sat down again next to her and guided her hand to his cock. She wrapped her fingers round the thick hard length and began stroking. As she did Nick reached down and replaced Chris's fingers with his own inside her. Chris stood and stripped as well before sitting down next to her and led her fingers to his shaft.

Kissing them, stroking them and moaning as Nick's fingers expertly worked her clit she was consumed with lust now. Nick grabbed her a bit more roughly and pulled her onto all fours on the sofa. He sat by her head and guided her mouth to his cock which she eagerly took into her mouth and started sucking on it. Behind her Chris knelt, slid a condom on and guided his shaft to her soaked pussy. He thrust hard and entered her roughly, pushing her forwards and down onto Nick's cock.

It took a few minutes of experimenting but soon they had the rhythm down, Chris thrust into her, she bobbed her head up and down on Nick's cock as she was fucked from both ends at once. She had never felt so naughty or filled as she tried to concentrate. Focusing on one cock was impossible as the sensations filled her and overwhelmed her. She felt Chris speed up, hammering into her. She was gasping now and lost the rhythm she had found as he pounded her tight pussy over and over. As he closed to his orgasm he pulled out and stepped away for a moment. Slipping out of her mouth Nick grabbed her and with Chris' help guided her until she was straddling him. She kissed him hard and ground her tight cunt down onto his shaft. She knew the exact angle and within a few minutes of riding him she was cuming hard, soaking Nick's legs as she orgasmed harder than she had ever in the past.

Thrusting up into her Nick enjoyed the tightness of her pussy. Chris had pulled the condom off and taking her head he turned her towards him - guiding his cock to her lips and groaning as she eagerly sucked on his length. Between Nick's pushing up deep inside her pussy and her own writhing hips it wasn't long before she was close again and shuddered her way through another orgasm. The sofa under them was soaked now as she moaned around the cock filling her mouth.

Nick was starting to get close now and thrust up into her harder. Chris had stepped away again and was slowly stroking his cock as he held off his orgasm... He moved over to a small coffee table and opened a drawer pulling out the bottle of lube - as he looked over Nik nodded his consent. Chris quickly put a liberal amount over his shaft and walked over behind Jo. Pulling her forward for a kiss Nick whispered in her ear for her to reach back and spread her cheeks. She froze for a moment before obeying him. Chris put more lube on his fingers and slowly worked one finger into Jo's ass before adding a second after a few moments. He kept adding more lube and then worked a third in stretching her.

The groan that escaped Jo was half pain, half pleasure as she was filled with thick cock and her back passage being opened up. She knew what was coming new and whimpered as she felt the head of a cock against her little asshole. She rocked gently on Nick's cock as Chris slowly began to work his shaft into her ass. She was shaking now as she tried to relax - she felt impossibly full. With Nick's thick cock filling her cunt and Chris working his cock into her ass bit by bit she clutched tightly onto Nick. Finally Chris was fully inside her. Her breathing was laboured as she relaxed a bit more - growing accustomed to it. Working carefully Nick and Chris began building a rhythm - fucking her pussy and ass in sync. She came - hard. Unable to believe how intense it felt she came harder than she ever had in her lift, squirting her own orgasming juices over Nick's thighs and she screamed out her orgasm to the room. 

The intensity of her orgasm set Nick off and he flooded her pussy with his cum. His thick cock jerked, and throbbed inside her as stream after stream of his cum filled her. Finally unable to hold back any more Chris repeated this inside her ass. Pumping her full of his cum as he pulled out, spraying the last of his load over her ass.

Chris collapsed on the sofa next to them as Jo stayed impaled on Nick's semi hard shaft. Nick kissed her softly and told her she could remove the blindfold now. She did so slowly - it was an effort to move. She smiled at Chris as she saw him for the first time and leaned over to kiss him and thank him for helping her fulfil this fantasy.