 I seem to be living a blessed life at times. I happened to fall into this job as a travel agent, and it's worked out for me better than I could have imagined, both personally and professionally. It's almost embarrassing to see my name posted on the board when I walk in the front door of the agency. It showed the top agent for each of the last 12 months, and under each month is listed the name 'Nikki" with my picture. I've been at this job for only about 4 years and I've held top agent standing for the last 2 years. Not only that, for most of that, I've been the company's top agent from all offices. I have to admit it's not all my doing, more than once I just happened to be the person a customer approaches when they have a big trip to plan.

I did help myself out a bit, though. I put a stack of my cards at a small business seminar here in Dallas, and I quickly turned into the go-to person when a lot of those companies booked team trips and company getaways. My name spread in the business, and I quickly grew a steady stream of customers. That spilt over to the employees coming to me for their personal trips as well.

And then the goldmine. I booked a company's president's wedding to a resort in the Caribbean. I booked the whole resort for the entire week. Not only did that get be a huge commission, the resort also gave me two different free week's stay for me and a guest. The sad part to that is that I didn't have someone close to share it with.

As far as business goes, though, what I personally brought to the company was, I was told, about 3% of all sales. Not bad for a company with about 500 agents. They made good money because of me, and I was well rewarded for it. Of course, they couldn't afford to give me extra vacation time (it would take me away from doing sales), but the bonuses are the top in the company, and as a yearly bonus they gave me a great gift, a state of the art digital video recorder. This is one that uses memory cartridges, not tapes, and holds about 4 hours of video on each cartridge. Because it doesn't have a motor for running a tape, it's small and light and the battery lasts for days.

One of the perks for working at a travel agency is the huge trip discounts I get, and the timing of those trips. In this business, we're always busy at the end of the week and on weekends, and early in week things are dead. That's also the slow time at most vacation getaways and the airlines. So, I can usually get a 3-day early-week vacation for next to nothing, and hardly loose any business for it. Plus I can write off part of the trip as a business expense because I'm checking out a resort to which I could be sending customers.

I saw an especially slow week coming up, so I took one of those last minute trips to Cancun. A new resort was trying to get publicity, so they gave me a free room. Paying only a discounted airfare, I headed down with my new camera for a few days of 'research'.

I got lucky and the forecast was for sun and warm for the entire stay. I had taken an afternoon flight and arrived just as it was getting dark. From what I could see, the outside and entrance were very elegantly laid out, and it had a very formal presentation. If the place was as good as it looked, I wouldn't have trouble recommending it to others.

Clearly, I was expected because from when I gave may name at he front desk, I was given royal treatment, trying to put on a good show for me so that I would send business their way. I was given one of the nicer suites that looked east over the gulf and a sunrise view, and they let me know that everything during my stay would be free; the food, service, amenities, everything. Already I liked the place.

It was too late to head out to the beach, but looking down from my 7th floor room; I could see the beach and the surf lapping over the coral that was a short swim off shore. It was very scenic, and I pulled out the video camera for the first of my many shots of the place.

I headed out to give myself a little tour of the facilities, and in doing so I took advantage of a couple of the amenities. That free massage loosened me up after the flight, and a few minutes in the hot tub were enough to almost put me to sleep. I headed to my room and fell asleep almost as my head hit the pillow.

The next morning, the sunrise shining through my window was all I needed to wake up. Looking out, I could see the tide gently washing ashore on the empty beach, and the grounds crew working to set up the beach chairs and umbrellas.

I quickly got ready and headed down to breakfast to check out their buffet. I was a bit surprised to see couples sitting there in their bathing suites. The casual nature once in the resort complimented the austere presentation at the entrance, and was definitely a point worth telling my customer. I also noticed that the dining area had three of its walls that were glass and overlooked the beach. I later found out that these wall retracted, opening up to the beach. I was looking forward to the feel of the room when it was open.

The food was good with a nice selection, offering a continental breakfast or a full hot plate, depending on your taste. I chose the hot plate and I had more than my fill, plus a couple glasses of their orange-pineapple juice. Filled and satisfied, I headed back up to my room and got changed for the beach.

The moment I stepped out, I realized why the glass doors were closed. It was off-season, and I forgot that the mornings could be a bit nippy. The sand was still cool from the night, as there was a light breeze. The forecast was for the 80s, so I knew it would get warm quick enough, but I could feel my nipples pushing against my bikini, so I knew it was still a bit too cool to head out.

I didn't want to go back up to my room, so I decided to walk around a bit to see what of the hotel I missed from the previous night. There was an interesting delineation in the set up. The front part of the hotel was definitely formal with its bellhops and people in uniforms at the front desk. This area branched to two areas in the back, from where I walked and alternatively to meeting rooms and halls set up for conferences. Walking around in my string bikini, I stood out quite a bit, and my nipples were still stiff from the cold outside, so I was giving a few guys a bit of morning thrill. That didn't really bother me because I've been told more than a few times how God blessed me with some great looks, so if guys want to look, let them.

I finished my tour of the front portion of the resort and headed to the back area. This is where the fitness and spa, buffet dining and pool and hot tubs were. I finished my self-guided tour at the pool room. I definitely fit in better there, where there were people lounging around in beachwear.

The resort had an impressive setup for the hot tubs and pool. Pulled across the area was another retractable glass wall, creating an indoor-outdoor pool. There were two hot tubs on the inside that fed the pool, and on the outside were another couple of hot tubs set off to each side of the pool. With the wall pulled away, the room would be open to the outside like the dining area, but still covered by a glass ceiling.

Taking advantage of the warm morning sun, I sat down on one of the lunge chairs and soaked in the sun shining through the ceiling. After a short time, to room began to fill as people came down and began swimming or socializing in the hot tub. Once the sun warmed up the room sufficiently, it was a signal that the outside was also warm enough, and a staff member threw a switch making the wall start to move, opening the room up to the ocean. The sudden blast of salt air spurred me on so I gathered up my stuff and headed out to the beach.

Not more than 20 steps from the edge of the pool were the beach chairs, and not more than 20 past that was the water. This was a perfect setup. I picked a beach chair a few from the end, sat down and marveled at the sight of the sun glistening over the glassy water. This was another video moment. After I got settled in, I took off my top and started to put on the suntan lotion.

You can tell something of the clientele of a resort by how they react on the beach. There is not a resort or beach that I go to, in or out of the U.S. that does not have a topless or nude beach, so it really is nothing special for me. However, some men and women going to a topless beach for the first time have their heads on pivots gawking at all the bodies on the beach. They get used to the sights quick enough, but at first it's almost comical.

So far none of the women around me were topless, so I wasn't sure what to expect when I took off my top. Sure enough, there were some guys, mostly those with no tan, who held their look on me a little longer than appropriate. It was nothing major and they were few and far between, so I wasn't uncomfortable from it. It did serve as a cue to some other women though, who didn't know if it was appropriate, so when they saw me, they felt more comfortable going topless as well.

I suppose I should have put on the lotion before I came down to the beach, because, as I rubbed it onto my breasts, my nipples became a bit stimulated and hard, and that with the sight of me caressing myself proved to be a bit of a distraction to a few guys as they discretely watched. There was one guy, however who wasn't so discrete. He had been walking along the beach, and just as I had started my second breast, he stopped where he was and watched. He was so transfixed on by hands rubbing my boob that he didn't see me looking at him. He also didn't seem to care that his hard-on was starting to form quite a bulge in his pants. He continued to watch as I rubbed the lotion on my arms, transfixed by my boobs moving as I rubbed, and he finally moved on when I laid back to take in the sun. As he started to walk, he made a quick adjustment to his bulge so that he pointed up and not to the side. I couldn't help but smile to myself thinking that he'd be heading up to his room to jerk off at the thought of my breasts.

After a while it was time to flip, but I didn't have any lotion on my back. Now was time to find out how good the service was at this hotel. I had seen a few staff members walking the beach from the bar serving drinks, so I stopped one and asked him if he could put lotion on my back. Sure enough, he put his tray down, I handed him the lotion, and he waited for me to flip onto my stomach so he could start.

I can tell he had done this many times before, but maybe not always as part of his job. This was not a simple splashing on of lotion onto my back; this was a massaging of the oils into my skin. He started at my shoulder blades and in a rotating motion with both hands soothed the lotion into my back and up to my neck and shoulders. I was holding my hair away from my neck with one of my hands, and I held my other arm in a similar position keeping my arms were away from my side, allowing him to moved the lotion into the back of my arms all the way up to my elbows.

When he finished my arms, he put more lotion onto his hands and started again on my back. This time he started working both hands down my spine moving in circles out from my spine towards my side. He slowly worked his way down until he reached the small of my back. Once there, he put on more lotion and started rubbing using broad strokes from the center to both sides. These deep stokes loosened up any stiff muscles I could have had in my back and side. As he continued, he moved up massaging my back and sides until his massages reached the sides of my breasts. Once there, his motions included a slight cupping of the side of my breasts. It felt as much therapeutic as sensual, and the way they bulged out with me lying on my stomach, he couldn't help but touch them. Maybe he was getting a free grope out of this back rub, but it was worth it for me. He finished with an 'Is that sufficient, mam?" and with a yes, he picked up his tray and headed back to the bar. I would give the resort an 'A' for service.

After a couple more hours, I figured I had enough sun for the day, so I headed back to my room. On the way up, I passed the buffet room where the wall was now pulled away. Beyond where the wall was located was a patio with several tables set up. There were groups of people at these tables enjoying the buffet and taking in some afternoon sun. I was impressed how the designers of this resort had gone out of their way to present an open tropical feel. I made a mental note that I had to have lunch there the next day, and then went to my suite.

The sun had drained my energy more than I thought, and after a quick shower to clean off the sand and lotion, I lay down on the bed and fell asleep without even getting dressed. I woke up a few hours later out of an erotic dream to find my hand between my legs and my clit was rather excited. I can't remember exactly what was happening in my dream, but lying there coming out of my dream state, it got me to thinking how long it had been since I'd been laid. That led to thoughts of the last time I was with a guy, and that go me horny enough that I started to play with myself.

It wasn't hard to remember how good the sex felt with him, and I started to picture him being naked with me again. Feeling how moist I was, I was obviously touching my clit while I was sleeping, so I continued doing so now that I was awake. It didn't take long to start getting aroused, and I found myself holding my breast in one hand caressing and sucking the nipple, all the while picturing that it was his hand between my legs and his mouth on my nipple.

I was quite moist by then, and my finger was smoothly sliding down between my lips, and all at once I pictured him plunging his hard shaft into me as my finger slipped in. It was as if I could feel that hard erection moving in and out and hitting just the right spot as he plunged in, all the while my finger and hand continued to bring me closer to orgasm. I pictured his tongue licking my nipple as I could see my tongue move over it, and I imagined my hips moving in rhythm with his tongue as I flexed moving my finger deeper inside. I continued with my hand and mouth as I felt my clit start to tingle, and I kept massaging with the feeling continuing to grow. The anticipation of the cum was almost as good as the imaginary cock probing for my g-spot. It kept building, building until it finally hit. The wave shook my whole body and made my stiff nipple sensitive to my mouth, and my clit felt like it was ready to explode. Each spasm reinforced how much I really wanted to get some dick inside me. As the last wave of orgasm spread over my body, I decided that I was going to get laid before my trip was done.

Coming down from the orgasm, I started having a sober second thought. As much as I wanted to get some, I knew that that I didn't really want any guy. Through all the years since I started having sex in the last year of high school, I never had a problem getting a guy. In all that time, however, it was never for the sole purpose of getting laid, it was always with the expectation of commitment and a real relationship. The notion that getting laid being the only goal was new for me, and I wasn't sure if that was really what I wanted. I figured I would find out, so I got dressed into something suggestive and headed down to the bar.

The bar like the restaurant went with the tropical theme. They had palm leaves hanging from the ceiling and Caribbean music playing lightly on the sound system. It was a bit contrived, but it worked well enough. I sat at the bar and ordered a soda. Yes, I wanted to get a guy, but I didn't want to be too drunk to know what I was getting.

I should have guessed that there wouldn't be a lot of people. It was off-season, plus it was during the week, so there was only me and a few couples in the place. The bartender wasn't at all busy, so I got to talking with him. He told me that I was to expect that size of crowd for the few days I was there. He also explained that if I was in to it, there were a few clubs on the street that would offer a bit of a party scene. I was dressed the part, but I didn't feel like dealing with the crowds or obnoxious drunks, so I decided to stay. Besides, he was good enough company. He was married (he made that perfectly clear early on), he wasn't coming on to me at all, and he wasn't my type anyways, so I just stayed and had a nice conversation with him. 

A few hours and a couple margaritas later, I was starting to feel done for the day. The booze, dim lights and quiet atmosphere got me a bit tired, so I called it a night and headed back to my room. Walking back, though, seemed to wake me up, and when I got to my room, I was not yet tired enough for bed. Instead of flaking out in front of the television, I went out onto the balcony to get some fresh air and check out the scenery. The lights from the hotel shining on to the water combined with the full moon put a tapestry of light onto the shore of the water. I just had to get that on my trip video.

I was out there taking a few wide-angle shots and zooming in to a well-lit peer that was a quarter mile down the beach when I heard something rather distinctive. There was a couple in a nearby room had left their balcony door open, and I could hear what was some rather loud and vigorous sex happening somewhere.

As I was trying to locate the source, I walked to the other side of the balcony and right there, 2 floors down and 1 balcony over there was a couple doing it on the balcony. He was standing there behind her holding her hips and boobs, and pumping with her leaning over the rail. Without thinking, I automatically put the video camera to my eye and zoomed in on the action. They had set up a little stool so that she would be standing high enough so that he could get inside her. With each stroke I could see his butt muscles flex as he pushed himself in her, and as he pulled out, I could almost see part of his shaft. She was really enjoying it because each time he slammed his hips to her butt; she let out a little grunt that was getting louder as they went on. After a couple minutes she reached back to grab his butt when he pushed his cock in and she held it there while she moaned out a large orgasm.

When he finally pulled his cock out, the shaft was still standing hard, a fact that she did not ignore. She turned around, leaned him up against the balcony and went onto her knees. I zoomed in on the action as she started to stroke his hard shaft. Her hand moved up and down his cock as she teased him with her tongue flicking at the head. Her strokes were slow and deliberate, so she clearly was not trying to make him cum too quickly. With her mouth just inches away from his hardness, she stroked until she finally plunged her lips over his head. Her head bobbed up and down a few times in sync with her hand striking the shaft then she removed her mouth away and stroked the cock with only her hand. She switched between mouth and hand and only hand several times looking up at his face each time, obviously getting a positive response.

She could tell that he was about to cum because she kept her mouth off his cock but kept it near as she began to stroke quickly. Suddenly cum shot from the top of his cock and she tried to catch it with her tongue. The next shot was more a trickle that moved down the shaft over her hand. Before the next shot came out, she put her mouth over his pulsating cock and went down on him as far as he could go, sucking in the last of the salty treat he had to give her.

She pulled off slowly keeping her lips wrapped around the shaft, and just as she pulled off, he flinched from the sensitivity. He just stood there for a while as she stayed squatted in front of him and she watched as his cock started to go soft. Once it was pointing down, she gave it one last kiss taking of another drop of sperm and she stood up beside him. He turned around and they both leaned over the rail and enjoyed the view I was enjoying just 10 minutes earlier.
