 Kate was returning to college after the winter break away. It was nice to get home and see her family, but she was also excited about going back and seeing her friends. She loved college, she had made a lot of great friends already, and it was only her sophomore year. She was driving along a two-lane back road, a shortcut a friend recommended to her to cut some time driving back to campus, changing a song on her iPod, and then looking up at the mirror to check her make up, as she was meeting her friends at a bar to celebrate everyone getting back into town. Unfortunately for her, while looking in the mirror she saw something else, red flashing lights.

"Shit," she said to herself, not realizing she was speeding by over 25 miles per hour. "Come on, please be a guy so I can flirt my way out of this," were the next words out of her mouth. It was her sure-fire way of getting out of every ticket, she checked her make up again, and unbuttoned the top button of her blouse.

She watched intently as she saw someone get out of the car. His form looked male, tall and in shape, as he walked toward her car. The cop put his hand on the window and leaned down "Hello miss, do you know how fast you were going?" he asked her.

"Great, he's not only a young guy, but he's cute, this will be easy" she thought to herself "Sorry officer, I know I was going a little too fast, but there is no one else on the road and I am just trying to make it back to Courdry to meet up with some friends before classes start," she said, pushing her chest out some and trying to pout her lips. 

"License and registration please," he asked, holding his hand out. She placed them in his hand, letting her fingers run along his palm as she did.

He walked back to the car, standing outside for a couple of minutes, and then she saw another figure exit out of the car, walking toward the passenger side. "Hmm, that's odd, she thought, maybe he was bragging and the other cop wanted a look," she thought, looking at her rearview and side mirrors, scanning between them.

The same cop emerged at her window again "Can you step out of the car miss?" he asked "My partner and I have a couple of questions for you."

"No problem officer," she said, for the first time feeling like it is somewhat amiss. She stepped out of the car, standing next to it wearing heels and a skirt, an outfit that would fit perfectly at any college bar. 

"Up against the car Miss," the officer directed "hands on the hood, and spread your legs." She complied easily, not wanting this traffic stop to turn into anything worse. He moved behind her, his hands patting down her sides, starting under her arms, and moving down to her hips, his hands lingering on them, and then moving his hands down over her ass, fondling it softly and moving his hands between her legs, up past the hem of her skirt. She was looking at the hood, concentrating on the feeling and the scene, being on the side of the road and fondled by a young, cute cop. 

"Find anything?" a voice said in front of her, looking up she saw the other officer, a blonde woman, couldn't have been much older than the other cop. Despite the cumbersome belt and uniform Kate could tell that she was attractive and had a nice body. 

"Oh, I definitely found something," he said. "Just what I was expecting too. A girl who thinks she can use sex to get out of a ticket."

"Shit!" Kate thought worried that she was going to be arrested, and would have to tell her parents what she did. "Officer, I'm sorry if it came across that way, but that wasn't my intention." She said, the worry growing in her voice.

"Yes it was you little tramp," the female officer retorted, walking around the front of the car and moving behind her. "I guess we'll have to show you what happens to little sluts like you who think sex can solve everything." With that she grabbed Kate and kissed her, Kate, being shocked at this turn of events took a second to realize what was going on. Between being kissed by the female officer and having his hands all over her body she realized how horny she was getting.

"Don't hog her Mary," the other cop said, grabbing Kate by the hair and kissing her himself, pushing his lips roughly against hers, his tongue invading her mouth. Officer Mary had stripped off her belt, leaving it next to Kate's car, and was dropping her pants in the middle of the road and climbing up on top of the hood. 

"Mike, bring over the little slut so we can put her to work," she demanded, her hand reaching down to her pussy, rubbing the lips and her clit. Mike complied, picking Kate up and toting her in front of Mary, and pushing her head onto her waiting cunt. "Lick it good bitch and you may just get out of your ticket yet," she said between moans

Kate dove in face first, having never eaten pussy before, but knowing what she enjoyed, running her tongue between the lips, sucking on each of them, as well as the clit. She found herself getting even more turned on by having a girl's sex in her face, tasting her juices and having them smeared all over her face. She heard another belt drop to the ground, then felt a hand on her hip, and another between her legs "open wide slut" she heard Mike say from behind her. As she opened her legs wider she felt the head of his cock push against her pussy, which was already wet with anticipation of this moment. He thrusted his entire cock inside of her slowly at first making sure she could take all of it, and then quickened his strokes, feeling her tight pussy walls grab onto him.

All three were working toward orgasm as they had a threesome on the hood of Kate's car. Mike's cock was pounding her pussy furiously at this point, pushing Kate's face involuntarily further into Mary's waiting pussy. Mary was rubbing her clit as Kate lapped greedily at her juice and sucked on the pussy lips. "Make me cum slut, make me cum all over your face," Mary screamed as she was approaching orgasm before throwing her head back on the hood of the car, spreading her legs out completely and loudly orgasming, her juices overflowing her cunt and ending up on Kate's lips and tongue.

"My turn now slut" Mike said, grabbing her hair roughly and pulling back, taking long, deep strokes into her cunt, until he finally pushed in as far as he could and shot his load deep into her waiting cunt. He caught his breath still inside of her, leaving her bent over the car until he pulled out of her, and putting his uniform back on.

"You get out of your ticket this time," he said "but don't let us catch you speeding on this road again." And he winked at her.

"Or else what Officer? I'd get a good fucking and a hot pussy in my face?" she responded with a smile.

"Something like that," he said, getting back into the car with Mary and driving off.

Kate sat in the car, still reeking of sex, and reached down to her pussy, which was wet with a mix of her juices and Mike's cum. She put two fingers inside of her, then brought them to her lips, enjoying the taste. Both of her hands meandered down to her wet cunt, and she began to furiously finger her pussy and rub her clit simultaneously, pushing back against her car seat as she thought about the scene that just transpired until she orgasmed herself. She cleaned off her fingers in her mouth and started her car "I'm going to have to remember this shortcut" she thought to herself as she drove off.