 His name was Matthew. I never realized how much an eighteen year old boy could make my panties so wet without even touching me. I was the manager of a major retail store and never in my life had I ever dreamed of starting an inappropriate relationship with a coworker. It was never supposed to happen, but when you spend a lot of time together and get to know each other it's bound to happen. Matthew was my most valuable employee. He worked hard, was dedicated and great with the customers. Anything I needed I could count on him

I am not sure when all this started. He and I often talked while we worked to pass the time. One night we had to stay late to set the new Christmas set and began talking of our past relationships. He mentioned he had no experience with women and was embarrassed to admit he was still a virgin.

"There is no reason to be ashamed of that!" I told him."It just means you are waiting for the right one."

He blushed and said he just didn't think he had anything to offer.

I was floored! This young man was the sweetest guy around! I jokingly told him if I were a decade younger I would have asked him out! That was the first time we spoke so openly about our personal lives. went by and not a word was said, however small gestures were made more and more frequently. A handshake that lingered, a pat on the back that moved lower and lower and eventually slaps across the ass. I made sure I did not touch him, but he made it apparent he wanted me to. I was cautious not to jeopardize our jobs and more importantly our working relationship. As the months went by he found ways to rub against me while we worked. I found myself pushing and leaning into him.

"What the hell am I doing? I am way too old for him and I am reading too much into this," I thought. I decided I had to talk to him about what was going on.

I called Matt into my office and closed the door. The look of concern on his face increased as I sat across from him and leaned back. My black skirt moved up my tanned and toned thigh and I watched Matt's eyes follow the skirt up. Those dark eyes made my heart beat just a little faster.

"Matt, we need to talk. I really appreciate everything you do here and I am very pleased with your work performance, but I am concerned about some of the interactions we have been having." 

Suddenly everything I had planned on saying was gone. I couldn't concentrate on anything but his lips. I stopped talking took a deep breath and slowly exhaled.

"What is going on between us? I have noticed you brushing against me, your hands getting lower and lower and even now your eyes roaming all over me! At first I thought I was reading too much into it, but now I know I am not" Matthew blushed as he looked down at his hands.

"I know. I'm sorry. I just thought it was what you wanted."

"What I wanted? What are you talking about?" I asked

"The night we spent setting up the Christmas display, you said you would have dated me"

"Christ Matt! There are so many things wrong with that!! One, I am 15 years older than you. Two, I am your boss. Three -- well crap, I don't know what three is right now! But the point is I am too old for you."

"Is that all?" Matt asked as he rose from his chair.

I told myself, "Say no, that's not all. Tell him to take you right there. Tell him to bend you over the desk, rip open your shirt and fuck you properly." My mind was racing. I knew better than to persue an employee, especially one so young and a virgin. I was going to need some batteries tonight.

"Yes Matt, that is all for now." I could kick myself! Here is this young handsome boy, man, wanting me to flirt back and I was turning it down, for now anyway.

That night I went home with a bottle of wine and batteries. As I drank my wine I began to fantasize about Matthew and myself. My hands slid over my breasts and unbuttoned my blouse. I ran my fingers across the black bra and felt my nipples harden. I slid my hand inside to pinch the nubs and make the aching go away. It didn't help. I removed my bra and began caressing my tits with my hands, pinching, twisting and pulling at my taut nipples. I grope my breasts and push them into my body, pretending they are his hands. I let my hands roam down to the curve of my hips, across my abdomen and stopped short. My skirt is in the way. I decided to stop and take a long hot bath to unwind myself. I grab my glass of wine and head to the bathroom. I should not be having these thoughts - especially about Matthew. I am way too old for him.

The hot water fills the tub and I climb in allowing the hot water to consume me. Water rolls over the tops of my mound and around my breasts. The yearning of being touched is more than I can stand. I slide my hands back over my breasts and begin to knead them. I caress each one softly and slowly. The sensual act is causing my insides to quake. I move my hands lower and begin to rub my labia, sliding my finger between the folds. A moan escapes my lips and I begin to rub a little harder. My fingers begin to pump themselves deeper into my pussy. My heart is racing and all I can think of is him. One hand is grinding into my mound, fingering myself while the other is massaging my large tits. I can't control my hips as they rise and fall into my hands. I work my fingers on my swollen clit, pinching and pulling on it trying feverishly to bring myself to climax. "Matt, oh god Matt" is coming from my lips. Water is sloshing on the floor while I fuck myself in the tub. I am so close to cumming when I hear the annoying chirp of my cell phone.

"Dammit! Who calls at 10:00 pm on a week night?"

I reach over to the sink and look at the caller ID. The store. Of course. The one night I get out of work on time and they need me. I let it go to voicemail and get back to my own fantasy. Not two minutes go by and the phone is going again. I decide to answer it because of the back to back calls.

"Hello," I say breathlessly.

"Umm hey Boss Lady, it's Matthew, from the store."

"What's up Matt?" I can't slow my breathing down. Just hearing his voice brings back what I had just been thinking.

"Are you ok? You sound out of breath." He asks.

"I'm fine I was just getting home" I lied. I wasn't fine. I wanted him. I wanted him there with me in the tub. Touching me and pleasuring me in all the right places.

"What do you need Matt?" I asked

"You," he replied. Then quickly added "at the store our new set has arrived and we need to have it up by tomorrow." 

Damn why couldn't he just have left it at he needed me? 

"Okay I'll be in soon."

I climb out of the tub and begin to dress to head back to the store for the never ending work ahead. Since the store is closed I opt for my yoga pants and a plain white tee. Nobody will be there when I am working anyway, I reason, so I am not going to mess with anything more.

Thirty minutes later I am back at the store as the other employees are locking up.

"Good night guys! See you in the morning!" I walk into my office to put away my purse and grab my headphones to start the new set.

As I head back to the stock room I wave at Matthew and tell him good night. The stock room is packed with the new merchandise that needs to be displayed. 

"This is going to take forever!!" I say to myself. 

I wheel out the first display, put in my headphones and begin to set up the display. I must have really been into it, because I didn't hear Matthew come up behind me. His body was inches from mine as he pulls my earphones out.

"Holy shit! Matt, you scared me!" 

"Sorry, I feel bad you have to stay so late tonight. Want some help?" He asked

"It's ok. You don't have to stay. I am sure I will get this done by morning. Go home and enjoy your night." I replied.

"I'd rather stay." His eyes are so dark and tempting, I can't say no.

"Thanks," is all I can muster.

We worked together with a little chit chat during the set ups. After two hours of getting the new merchandise out, I caught him looking at my ass. I decided to call him on it. He blushed and apologized. I couldn't help myself. I found a shelf that I needed his "help" putting up and asked him to do so. As he passed behind me I pushed my ass into his crotch and stopped waiting for him to make the next move. His hands went to my hips and it was my turn to move.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I lamely ask.

Only one word left his lips "Yes."

I leaned back into him and he stilled. I took his hands and wrapped them around my waist. He was still motionless. I could feel his heartbeat against my back. I laced my fingers thru his had moved them higher around my waist, towards my breasts and stopped again. I laid my head against him and rolled my neck to the side to see him. He looked stunned. Shocked that this was happening but afraid to say anything and make it stop.

I whispered again, "Tell me to stop and I will."

No words left his mouth, just his warm breath against my neck. Matthew and I stood there unmoving for what seemed like forever. I began to have second thoughts and pulled away. His hands tightened around me.

"Don't go. I've never done this before. I don't know what to do next. I mean, I know what I WANT to do but I don't want to disappoint you." Matt says as he presses tighter against me.

"I understand, but I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do. I don't want our relationship to be awkward if we do this. I don't want to push you too far," I reassured him.

"Then teach me everything. I am your student," he grinned.

"One thing at a time, I don't want to scare you off!" I joke.

I turn to face him and wrap my arms around his neck. I lean in close and softly kiss his lips. His hands instinctively wrap around my face holding me to his mouth. I use my tongue to trace his lips and he allows entry into his mouth. He tastes so sweet, like honey. My senses are overwhelmed with his scent. I can feel his body vibrate as I deepen the kiss. Moans leave his mouth and entice me to become more frantic. I run my hands into his thick dark hair gently pulling him into me. He begins to return my kisses. His inexperienced tongue learns how to return the kisses and he soon has me intoxicated. I break the kiss and his mouth follows me. I am breathless. He is everything I had hoped. I begin to think I can train this boy to become my sex slave. All the dirty images flash across my mind and I grin

"Was it that good?" He asks.

"Yes it was, but that's not what made me smile." I chuckled.

"Then what made you grin like that?" He insisted.

"You'll see. I mean if you want." I hoped he did.

We went back to work, but I doubted that either of our minds was focused. Around 3:00am I could no longer keep my eyes open.

"Matt, I have to call it a night. I am too tired to finish this tonight. I will do it in the morning... Which is in a few hours. Great. I need to sleep." 

Matt walked over to me put his arm around my neck and kissed my forehead 

"No problem Boss Lady. Want me to take you home?"

"No thanks, I'll be fine on my own."

He looked upset that I had turned him down. I know we were both thinking the same thing. I just didn't think it would be a good idea to be alone in my home with him. This was all so much too fast. As I made my way back to my office Matthew followed me while I grabbed my purse and store keys. 

"You know I have wanted you from the day I met you." He said quietly, "There is something special about you. I mean you are smoking hot but you're also very laid back. I've never worked for someone like you." 

"I'm not sure how to respond other than to say thanks Matt. I really enjoy having you as an employee. That is why I am so hesitant about all this." 

"I know. It's strange for me too but I'm willing to see where this goes."

"Good night Matthew." 

He puts his arms back around my waist kisses me deeply and replies, "Good night Boss Lady." 

My lips are still tingling when I arrive home. I am too tired to even think about undressing for bed. The burn of his lips is still on mine and I fall asleep in minutes. At 7:00 am I hear my phone buzzing next to my head. As I reach over to see who is texting me a smile crosses my lips. It was Matthew.

"Good morning beautiful!" The text read.

I roll out of bed and get ready to start my day. When I arrive at work everyone is in full swing of preparing the store for the new sets. I hurriedly approach my office hoping to see him nearby. I am disappointed to see he is not here yet. I listen to my voicemails and begin the daily paperwork waiting for me. Busying myself with quarterly reports and planning for the next week. It's going to be another long day. My neck and back are already aching with the stress of it all. As I am making schedules I hesitate to schedule us both together. What the hell? Nothing can happen while the store is open and he and I get more done together anyway. I make the schedules but can't help but look forward to the nights of flirting and "accidental" touching. It's already making me wet with my fantasies. 

After my paper work is done I head to the sales floor. Matthew wasn't to be in until 5:00 tonight anyway so I had several hours to wait to see him. I finished the set I was working on last night and quietly smiled to myself with the memory of that night still fresh. By then it was almost 5:30 and I had not yet seen him. Maybe it was all a mistake. Maybe he regretted it. Maybe I was reading too much into it. My head swam with ideas of him going to HR about what happened. I should have resisted him. Should have just let it go. 

As I headed back to my office to go home, I felt a hard slap across my ass. Startled I looked behind me and there he was, grinning from ear to ear. He leaned down and whispered. 

"Stop worrying. I don't regret it and I am looking forward to more." Then he walked away. The smile returned to my face and I almost skipped to my office. 

As I packed everything up to head home, Matthew popped his head in my office and asked where I thought I was going. I laughed and told him I was going home for the night. 

"Have a good night. I'll call if I need anything," he said.

The drive home was maddening. Was there any excuse I could find to go back to the store to spend some more one on one time with him? Why was I obsessing over this boy? I had my share of men my age that I could easily hook up with. Why was I unable to control myself around him? I was going to have to figure this out and soon. As I pulled into my driveway, my phone buzzed, I was hoping it was him begging me to come back. No such luck. It was just a text from my best friend, Samantha, who was also my occasional girlfriend. She was asking if we could go out this Friday. I replied back for her to call me when she got off work.

A few hours later, Samantha called me. "Okay girl, spill it." 

"Spill what?" I was shocked that she knows me so well.

"I know when you're hiding something!" She prodded.

"Fine, there is a guy at work that I have a strange crush on, and it makes no sense- and I am not going to pursue it because it is wrong on so many levels," I rush to say. 

She laughed at me and said "Oh this is going to be good, feel up for some company? Maybe I can take your mind off him for a while?" She said coyly, "I will be there in 15 minutes."

True to her word Samantha was walking in my door with a bottle of wine, some Ben & Jerry's and chocolate.

"Alright chicky, start at the good parts!" She demanded.

"I kissed him." I explained.

"Who? And when and you're going to have to back up to a little of the boring parts to catch me up! Was it Steve? Or the UPS guy or Dan?" She feverishly enquired.

"None of those guys. It's Matthew." I muttered.

"Matthew? Like fresh out of high school Matthew?" She chortled. 

"Yes, him. I don't know what I was thinking, it just kind of happened. We have always worked well together and there was some flirting in the past but nothing serious. I was working late last night with him and well, we touched and I kissed him. Sam, what am I going to do?! I can't have anything more than a work relationship with him and I certainly can't DO anything more with him. He is a baby! I am 15 years older than him. I am old enough to be his MOTHER for Christ's sake! But all I can think about now is how I can get him naked and fuck him." I paused for a break.

Samantha didn't say much. She just stared at me in shock. She knew me better than anyone else. And this was so far from my "norm" she was speechless. 

"Well, he is a cutie. And if he is into you, then why not?" She reassured me.

"Because he told me he has never been with a woman. I don't want to take that from him. I can't."

"Why not?" She asked between sips of her wine. "You know you could teach him how to properly fuck a pussy. I know you did wonders to mine. You are a great teacher. Besides, age is just a number. You should be flattered that he sees you for the sexy beast that you are!" she laughed. 

"Oh please, I am no sexy beast. And you don't think it's wrong to fuck someone fifteen years younger than me and a virgin on top of that? His first time should be more than just a quick fuck." I explain.

"You are beautiful woman, and who's to say it has to be a 'wham bam thank you mam' kind of fuck?"

"I don't know, I just don't want to ruin anything between us. Can we talk about something else? I am getting horny just thinking about it and I DO NOT need any more drama than what I already have. Besides, I have you." I said as I leaned in to kiss her softly on the neck. She giggled and returned the kiss. 

"Let's get in the hot tub." She suggested.

"That is a great idea." I reply peeling my clothes off and heading towards the spa.

As we climb in, Samantha and I let the hot water jets massage our backs. We begin to kiss and fondle each other's breasts. 

"Mmmmm, that feels so good. I have missed you these past few weeks" Sam said. 

I mumbled something incoherent against her breast. She always tasted so sweet. I never could figure out what she used. I pulled her back against me and ran my hands over her large breasts, pulling and twisting her hardening nipples into peaks. I loved how she responded to my touch. I kissed her neck and ran my hands down her body to the top of her mound and lightly tapped my fingers. She reached down to push my fingers inside her and I pulled away.

"Not yet, missy! I plan on making you suffer for a while for telling me to pursue Matthew." I barked.

"Why??" she moaned in protest. "I was only trying to help." She spun around and began kissing me, biting my lower lips and running her expert tongue over my teeth. 

I could taste the wine and chocolate and opened myself to her more. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me. The bubbles in the tub made her tits bounce on my skin. Her erect nipples made my middle heat up as they rubbed against my already warm skin. I squeezed her ass and slid my fingers around her hole. I made sure not to enter her yet, just a little pressure to get her wanting me. It worked. Samantha began grinding against me. I could feel her cunt rubbing against my thigh. Her perfect little shaved pussy, with just a landing strip of hair, was making my pussy warm and wet. 

"Stand up and let me eat you." I demand. 

"What happened to making me suffer?" she said as she stood over my face.

"Oh I will make you suffer; I just want some dessert first," I reply as I bury my face in her cunt.

She is so hot. I use my hand to rub her mound and open her up. I pinch and pull on her labia, my finger rubbing over her nub just like I had done to myself last night. 

"God you are too good at that" she gushed, "Just feel what you are doing to me."

I slid my fingers a little deeper, but not penetrating her all the way quite yet. She was so wet and it wasn't water. She was warm and slick. I couldn't wait to plunge my tongue deeper into her slit. I continued this and lightly kissed her mound. Sometimes pulling the hair she had left. Each time I did this she would gasp and pull my hair closer to her. 
