 An edited copy of my 2011 story. I want to thank my terrific editor "Midtown Kitten" for her story editing.

I hope you enjoy.

-------------------------------------------------------------

It was a Thursday evening and I was just finishing choir rehearsal, where we were practicing for our upcoming spring concert. After leaving the church where we rehearsed, I walked across the parking lot and got into my BMW. It had been a long day and I hadn't eaten dinner yet. In fact, I hadn't eaten anything since lunch and it was now 10pm. I knew I shouldn't be eating this late, but I remembered there was a small neighborhood bar not far from the church that would still be serving food. I had eaten there once before and although the food was only marginally passable, they also had a reasonable selection of wines by the glass and I decided to head over.

When I walked into the place, it was empty except for two couples at tables and a woman at the bar with long, brunette hair. Even though she had her back to me, something about her still looked familiar. When I sat down on the stool next to her, I realized it was Holly, a second-soprano from the choir who was new to the group and had only been to a few rehearsals so far."

"Hello, Holly," I said, smiling at her. I think I startled her as she was finishing up a glass of white wine.

"Hello," she replied, wiping her lips with a napkin.

"Would you mind if I sit here and keep you company?"

"No, please do. I would welcome company," she replied.

I guessed that Holly was about 5'4" and in her mid-40's. She was wearing a cream-colored top and loose-fitting khaki slacks, and from what I had seen of her at choir practice, she never wore much makeup and usually dressed conservatively. Looking at her now, I saw that she was slim and quite attractive, with lovely blue eyes.

"My name is Jack," I said, not sure if she recognized me or not. "I am in the baritone section."

"Yes, I knew that," she said with a smile. "Grabbing some late dinner as well?"

"Yes. No time to eat before rehearsal."

The bartender came over at that moment with Holly's salad and to ask me what I wanted to drink. I responded that I would have the steak tips medium rare and a glass of the house "cab."

"Can I get you another glass of wine?" I asked Holly.

"Sure, that would be nice. Yes, thanks," she responded. She seemed a bit nervous and shy.

I asked the bartender to bring her another glass of the white wine she was drinking, and we began chatting as dinner arrived. Holly had moved from Columbus, Ohio six months earlier. She was a fourth-grade school teacher with no children of her own and had been divorced for ten years. Throughout our conversation, she looked down at her salad, avoiding eye contact. Her voice was quiet, and it was difficult to hear her at times over the sound of the bar TV. She was finishing her third glass of wine, and I had just finished my steak tips. I asked her if she would like another drink.

She rolled her eyes and looked down again at her almost finished salad, then said, "I probably shouldn't, but OK. Thank you." This time she looked into my eyes for a couple of seconds and smiled before looking away again.

I ordered another glass of wine for both of us -- her fourth and my third. It was now about 11:30pm and the bar was empty except for the two of us.

She took the first sip from her freshly refilled glass and asked quite suddenly, "Jack, are you single?"

"Divorced. Eight years. I have two girls, they're 17 and 20. They live with my ex back in Connecticut," I responded.

She giggled, as some of the wine sloshed over the rim of her glass.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"Well, to be honest, I thought you were gay."

I laughed. "You know not all men who sing in the choir are gay. In fact, there are at least four of us who are straight..." I paused slightly. "I think," I added, with a broad grin.

She laughed again. She did have a pleasant smile and beautiful eyes.

"An honest mistake," she said. "You are way too cute to be a straight baritone."

"Well, thank you. I think?" I replied with a smile, and we clinked our wine glasses together.

"And you look like such a boy scout," she added with a laugh, her eyes twinkling.

"Hey, wait one minute. I am not a boy scout," I said with mock disdain. "If only you knew me better you would think differently."

With that, the conversation took a more personal turn. We were both a little buzzed by the wine and the conversation flowed openly.

Holly had broken up with her last boyfriend a year prior, and that was one of the reasons for her move to Florida to start a new chapter of her life. She dominated this part of the conversation as her initial shyness was melted away by the alcohol. Her husband was abusive and had many affairs. He belittled her looks and barely touched her during their 17-year marriage. Her last boyfriend had not been much better. He was an older workaholic and had a prostate problem that left him impotent. She shared that she was very sexually frustrated but had trouble meeting "nice men."

"Like you," she ended with more than a bit of a slur.

"Remember I told you that I was not THAT nice. No boy scout here," I emphasized.

"Come on. I don't believe you," she continued.

Then I made what should have been a mistake, but the wine was talking through me. "Well, have you ever been to a nude beach?" I shot back.

She shook her head no and her eyes widened slightly.

"I have," I said. Then I asked, "Have you ever made love in a public place?"

Again, she shook her head, her mouth slightly open.

"I have," I said.

"Well, that is not really all THAT bad," She said, again slurring her words.

I had to keep my voice down to keep the bartender from overhearing because unfortunately, the wine had taken full control of my tongue. "Well have you ever had sex with multiple partners at the same time? Have you ever been to a swinger's club?"

Now I knew I had shocked her. Her mouth was wide open, her head steady and her eyes fixed on mine with a dead stare.

A couple seconds later she whispered, "Really?"

"I probably should not have shared that with you," I said. At the same time, I thought that if this got around the choir, it would not be good. Not good at all.

"I am not judgmental," she said in a serious, low tone. "How did you get involved in something like that?"

Well in for a penny, in for a pound, I thought.

I spent the next half hour and another glass of wine each telling her about my swinging experiences to date. My last serious girlfriend was an experienced swinger, and swinging had always been a fantasy of mine, so she introduced me to "the lifestyle." We had gone to the Trapeze Club in Fort Lauderdale. The "Trap" was known as one of the top swinger's clubs in the country.

Holly continued to listen in fascination. I, however, began to feel uncomfortable sharing all the details with her. During the entire conversation, her face was stoic, and I couldn't read her thoughts.

The bartender came over and asked us to settle up our tab as he was closing up.

"I don't think you should be driving home. Can I call you a cab?" I asked Holly as we walked out the door. She was staggering.

"No need," she said. "I live just down the block from here." She was having trouble speaking and I was having a hard time understanding her.

So, I walked her home. She lived in a little condo on the fifth floor. I helped her open the door with her key.

Just before entering her apartment she asked, slurring her words, "Jack, can you take me there?"

The wine had made my mind a bit slow. "Where?" I asked.

"You know... that Topessie Club." And with that, she pulled me to her, pressed her lips to mine and kissed me longingly. Her tongue pushed past my lips and mingled with mine.

She was having trouble standing, and she almost fell through the doorway threshold.

I caught her and helped her inside. "You need to get some sleep. You have school tomorrow, and I think you will not be too pleased with me at 5:30am when you need to get ready."

"Stay?" she whispered. She was nearly passing out.

"Not tonight, thank you," I said in a soft voice. There was some boy scout in me after all, I thought. "Can I get a rain check?"

She nodded, eyes half closed, and I walked her into her bedroom where she dropped on top of the bed and immediately passed out. I locked her front door and left. Walking back to my car, I considered my options and decided that a cab would, in this case, definitely be the best approach. Twenty minutes later I was in my condo. I quickly stripped off my clothes, took four aspirins and as much water as I could drink, and fell face first onto my bed. I had meetings the next morning, and I was sure that I was not going to like my wake-up call at 7am.

-----

The next morning, I was suffering. I don't drink that much, and alcohol affects me more as I am getting older. I thought about the night before and wondered how Holly was doing. It was 8am, and she would already be in school, assuming she didn't call in "sick." I hadn't thought to get her phone number the night before, so there would be no way to reach her. I liked Holly and hoped I hadn't stepped across the line. What people say and do after several glasses of wine is not always a reflection of their actual personality and nature.

I would have to wait until rehearsal next week to talk with her again.

-----

I thought about Holly and our conversation all that next week. She was my type - sweet and innocent with a sensual side which I don't think she had ever fully explored. And she did have those lovely brown eyes and a great smile.

Thursday finally came around again. I came from an earlier business meeting, so I was a bit late and the rehearsal had already begun. I walked in and saw Holly sitting with the other second-sopranos in the third row. She looked up at me and then she immediately looked back down at her music. No smile crossed her face.

Nuts, I thought, I screwed that one up. Sober reality must have prevailed. Damn, I made a mess of that opportunity. I was hoping to get to know Holly better, and I was afraid that my openness of my sexual past at the bar had turned her off.

I sat down in the baritone section, pulled my music out of my bag and began to sing with the rest of the choir. I occasionally looked over at Holly, but I could not catch her eye during the rest of the rehearsal.

After the rehearsal ended, I looked for Holly again, and saw that she was chatting with a couple of other women in her section. I decided that maybe the best course was to walk to my car and go home rather than waiting to talk with her. Maybe it was better not to embarrass Holly with a memory that she would rather forget.

I left the rehearsal room and was almost to my car when I heard, "Jack, do you have a second?" from behind me.

As I turned, I saw Holly finishing her short run to catch up with me.

"Hello, Holly," I said. "I wanted to say hello to you after rehearsal, but you looked like you were involved in a conversation and I didn't want to interrupt."

"Oh, no - we were just talking about one of the concert dates coming up. I wanted to catch you before you left." She looked around to see if anyone was in earshot and she lowered her voice. "Jack, I just wanted you to know how embarrassed I was at my behavior last week. I had WAY too much wine and wanted to let you know that I hope I did not say anything that you found..." She looked up, searching for the word. "Inappropriate."

"Absolutely not!" I responded with a smile.

She immediately broke into a wide smile and her eyes twinkled in the reflection of the parking lot lights.

I continued, "And I hope I didn't step over the line in what I said. I also had a lot to drink and shared some things that I should have kept unsaid."

In response, she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. "I am very glad you're not a boy scout," she whispered in my ear.

I hugged her back and said, "Would you like to have dinner with me on Saturday?"

She pulled back slightly and looked into my eyes. Then with a grin she replied, "I would love to."

We exchanged phone numbers, and I walked her to her car and watched her drive away. I was looking forward to Saturday evening.

-----

Saturday did not come quick enough. I arranged to pick up Holly at her condo at 7:30 pm. I went to her door and knocked. She opened the door and gave me an immediate hug and a lingering kiss on the lips.

"You keep that up and I am not sure we will get to dinner," I said through my broad smile. That kiss nearly made me dizzy.

As I recovered, I noticed just how amazing she looked. She had a cream-colored sundress on, with strappy, high-heeled, light brown shoes. I hadn't seen her in a dress before and this one showed off her amazing legs and terrific calves.

"Wow, you look great!" I said as I stepped back and eyed her from head to toe. "I am certainly a lucky guy to have such an attractive date."

She blushed and looked down. "Come on, let's go," she said.

She picked up a large shoulder bag which served as a purse and locked the door. As we went to my car, I was a bit puzzled. The rest of her outfit was so perfect, why carry such a large bag?

-----

I had made reservations at a lovely little seafood restaurant just North of Fort Lauderdale near the beach. We had a delicious meal and a bottle of wine. We talked about her childhood, music, and traveling. Holly had not traveled as extensively as I had, but we shared a number of the same overseas destinations.

As we waited for our bill, she leaned over the table, took my hand and said, "Jack, you know that club you told me about?" She stopped and appeared to take a deep breath "I want you to take me there."

I was struck speechless for a couple of seconds. I replied, "Sure, if you want to. We can go there sometime."

"Tonight" she shot back quickly. "Let's go there tonight."

I looked into her eyes. She was serious!

"Are you sure?" I stammered. "It is a bit of a... for someone who has never done anything like..."

She squeezed my hand and leaned over to plant a heart-stopping kiss on my lips, followed by her delicately probing tongue.

"I am VERY sure," she said as the waiter arrived with our check. "I need to powder my nose. I will meet you at the car, OK?"

I nodded and stood as she left the table, heading for the ladies' room. I sat back down and gave the waiter my credit card to pay for the meal. He returned with my card a few minutes later. I wrote in the tip and signed the receipt. Holly had not returned. I got up from the table and crossed over to the front door. Holly was not there. I went out the door and headed to my car which was parked nearby. She was not there either. I turned around and began to head back to the restaurant. As I looked back at the front door, my heart stopped.

There was Holly in a tight, short, light-brown metallic, dress. The hem revealed two-thirds of her thighs. The dress top was tied around the back of her neck, and the strips of material in the front barely concealed her breasts and plunged down below her belly button. She had those same sexy, strappy shoes on, but they looked completely different with this outfit. She was still carrying the shoulder bag in one hand, but over her shoulder was a small evening purse on a long brass colored chain.

"Well, how do I look?" She did a slow 360-degree turn modeling her new outfit.

The back of the dress almost showed the crack in her ass. She looked hot. Very hot!

"You look fucking good! Pardon my French," I said, staring at this incredible vision.

She smiled and looked down. "Good, I'm glad. I wanted to look sexy for you" she said with an impish smile on her face.

She walked up to me and kissed me deeply. During the embrace, I noticed two things; First, she was either wearing thong underwear or none at all and second, her lovely breasts I now knew were about a "C" cup and were straining to slip out of their thin, metallic strip retainers.

"Let's go," she said, handing me the large bag, which I now understood contained the cream-colored dress she had been wearing before.

I put the bag in the trunk of my BMW and off we went to the Trapeze Club.

-----

In the car, I explained to Holly that the Trapeze Club was a BYOB place, which meant we had to stop at a wine store. We found one not too far away, and I bought a couple of bottles of Champagne, as well as another bottle each of red and white wine.

All the way to the club, Holly kissed my neck and put her hands between my legs, teasing my crotch and causing my cock to expand in my slacks. She was slightly buzzed, but not drunk this time.

We pulled in front of the discreet building that housed the club. I turned to her and said, "Are you sure? You can still back out now."

She responded with a smile and by simply getting out of the car as the valet opened the door. I watched her sweet little ass as she exited.

There were two Bentleys, a Rolls, and a Lamborghini waiting for valet service just outside the front door. I knew that being a Saturday night, it would already be very crowded with the usual upscale clientele. We walked in and the hostess at the front desk checked us in, labeled our bottles with my membership number, and gave us matching plastic wristbands to indicate that we were a couple. With that, we entered the club.

-----

We found two seats at the back bar and gave the female bartender our two bottles of Champagne and the wine we had brought.

I asked for two glasses of Champagne, and we sat down to watch the crowd. It was a mixed group of all ages, body types, and nationalities. The dance floor was full, and all around it, four flat-screen TVs were displaying porno films.

Holly immediately drained her first glass of Champagne and asked for another.

"Slow down," I said, stroking her back. "It will be no fun if you fall asleep."

"Just a bit nervous I guess," was her reply, as her eyes surveyed the activity in the lounge area.

"Let's dance," I suggested.

Holly put down her second glass of Champagne and followed me onto the dance floor. We worked our way to the center and found a place to dance. It was some Latin song I did not recognize.

Holly was an incredible dancer. On the dance floor, she told me she had taken dance for years and had considered, at one time early in her life, going into dance professionally. Her well sculpted, muscular calves made sense to me now. She turned around and put her back on my chest, and we continued to dance to the music, all the time my cock growing harder against her nice, firm ass. My hands moved slowly from her shoulders, delicately over her breasts, down her tummy and to each side of her belly button. She turned her head to kiss me, and I heard her release a slight moan.

In front of Holly was an attractive woman with shortish gray hair in her late-40's or early-50's dancing with a slightly overweight woman in her mid-30s. The woman with the gray hair was watching Holly with interest. At one point, when Holly and I turned to dance facing each other, the gray-haired woman brushed against Holly's back suggestively.

We finished dancing a couple more songs and headed back to our drinks at the bar. I asked Holly if she was having a good time and she responded by taking a mouthful of Champagne, kissing me and exchanging the bubbling liquid between our two mouths. Again, she surprised me. I kissed her neck and felt up her thigh. Well, mystery solved, I thought. She was wearing a micro thong, and she was already very wet.

After another couple sips of Champagne, I asked, "Have you ever been with another woman?"

She reacted in surprise, "Of course not."

"Ever think about it?" I continued.
