 I wake up needing my lover. The taste of her mouth, the warmth of her skin next to mine. But she isn't there. My need for her grows. I can smell her on her pillow. My nipples harden, my pussy dampens. Moaning her name, my hands lightly rub across my body. I begin to masturbate, but that only makes my need stronger. I need my lover's kiss, her body, her love...

Getting out of bed, not bothering to dress, I open the door and step through. Instead of my back yard, I am descending the stairs to a subway station. The air in the tubes is amazingly cool and clean. Men and women, in all various stages of dress, both smile and tell me I am beautiful. Some even kiss me or fondle my breasts. It feels so good, I do not stop them. My nipples harden and I fell my pussy dampen. A train stops and I get on. In the car, there are many other people, all dressed in business clothes except two other women and one man. They are together, they are beautiful, and they are also nude. He is masturbating while the women kiss and fondle each other. My need for my lover again comes to the surface and I feel the hot yearning deep inside.

The business people in the train car pay no attention as the threesome makes love and I stand watching, and dripping. The women are in a 69 as the man continues to slowly stroke his beautiful cock. He takes his finger and wipes the precum oozing from the head. He then licks his finger, only to go back to slowly masturbating The sight of that sends a shiver of desire throughout my body.

The train stops and the doors open. I reach up and grab the rails above me to steady myself. The business people, looking neither left nor right, all exit the car, leaving me alone with the three lovers. I continue to watch as the women move to kneel in from of the man. He is stroking faster. The women continue to kiss. Faster, faster! His penis erupts all over these two beautiful women. Spurt after spurt after spurt of hot, creamy spunk shooting out from his hard cock and landing on the beautiful heaving breasts of the women. 

I find I can't move. My feet, my arms, my hands. Nothing. Only my eyes can blink and focus, nothing else can move at all. My pussy is so very swollen and wet and in need of attention. My nipples are rock hard and scream to be sucked. The women lick and suck the man's deflating cock and rub his thick, creamy cum all over themselves and each other. The doors close and the train starts to move. The women are kissing and fingering each other. The man slumps into a seat near them. A slight moan escapes my throat. They all smile at me.

No other passengers have boarded and the train again begins to move. The two lovely women continue their attention to each other and I still can't move. The man smiles at me again, stands and slowly walks towards me. "Do you like watching strangers make love?" he asks in a foreign accent that I can't quite make out. As he gets closer, he smiles "Does it excite you to see beautiful women enjoy each other? Did you like watching me cum cover them?"

I try to answer, to scream out "YES!!!" to all of his questions, but I am frozen there in front of him, completely unable to move or speak. My nipples are about ready to cut glass and I can feel my wetness reaching to my knees. My arms are above my head, my hands involuntarily clinging to the rails above me, my legs slightly spread to reveal my soaked, swollen pussy. The scent of my flooding pussy is filling my nostrils, turning me on even more. Once again, the man smiles and then he gently cups my breasts, further igniting my desire. Throwing gasoline on a bonfire is the closest way to describe it. I beg him with my eyes to kiss me, suck me, eat me, shove his cock in my mouth, in my pussy, between my tits...

The train stops. Another nude man steps into the car. He smiles and greets all of us with deep, wet, sensuous kisses. His erection stands out proudly before him, bouncing slightly as he walks. The two women each in turn kiss it, taking it into their mouths. The first man steps over and does the same as his erection appears to be returning. When they are all done giving his rock hard penis tonsil kisses, the second man gives each woman a kiss and then kneels to taste their luscious paradise. He then deep throats the first man, causing the first man to arch his back and let out a low moan. The second man then turns to face me. He puts his hand to my swollen, aching pussy, causing my entire body to shiver. His mouth kisses mine and I try ever so hard to respond.

My lack of response does not deter him from kissing down my body, taking my throbbing nipples into his wet, warm mouth and slowly sucking on them. I feel like I'm ready to explode - almost there, right to the very edge - and he stops. He stands and kisses my mouth again, his hands at my waist, slowly, lovingly caressing my hips. He smiles and steps around behind me, his hand never leaving touch with my waist.

I can feel him behind me, his hands lowering onto my behind, caressing my cheeks. I feel his lips on my left cheek, then the right. My entire body is quivering in need and anticipation. I can't speak my needs or desires, or voice any objection should there be any. I feel his hand between my legs, helping them widen some. A small moan escapes my throat as he gently rubs my inner thighs, feeling my soaking wetness on them. He brings a hand up to my face. I smell my wetness on his hand, I want so badly to have him put his fingers in my mouth to let me lick - NO! - suck my wetness from him. To show him the immediacy and depth of my desire. 

He motions to the others to join us. The women each take a nipple and the first man kneels to kiss my lower lips. Their hands are all gently caressing, rubbing, touching my skin. Another moan escapes my throat as I sink deeper into my arousal, needing more and more the rapturous relief of orgasm. The train car begins to spin as the original three lovers use their expert mouths on my body.

Suddenly, my pussy is filled to capacity from behind by the second man's big, thick, rock hard cock. Did I just scream? Or was it just in my head? His hands on my hips, pumping, pistoning deep into my pussy, the women licking and suckling my nipples, the first man's tongue expertly loving my engorged clit. My hands release from the rails and drop to hug the women's bodies as they administer their oral talents to my heaving breasts. The men, one in front, expertly licking and sucking my sensitive clit, the other, behind me, driving his massive erection into my pussy to the hilt, only to pull almost entirely out, just to pound himself deeply back into me. I feel myself losing conscientiousness, I ready myself to die in orgasm...

"You know I really do love to watch you masturbate," my lover's voice whispers in my ear, "but I'm more in the mood to suck you off." My soaking pussy is suddenly being kissed and licked and sucked by the woman I love so much...

A dream? A fantasy? It seemed so real...