 My wife's best friend, Jenn, is a sweet, open and sexy woman with beautiful eyes and mouth. I have appreciated her compact body from "afar" on many occasions, but last night, I got a whole new perspective, up close and personal...

Jenn lives out of state with her husband, Greg. Greg is a good enough guy, but he, apparently, has a very low sex drive; a bit of information I recently picked up when I overhead a telephone conversation between J and Jenn. Of course, I couldn't hear Jenn's comments, but I deduced Greg's unfortunate condition based upon what J was saying to her gal-pal over the phone. 

"Oh, honey," I heard J say, "I'm so sorry! When was the last time?" J paused to listen to Jenn on the other end of the line. "NO! How terrible! Scott and I make love at least three or four times during the week, usually more! I'm not sure what I'd do if we didn't have sex for over a month!"

When I heard this, my ears perked up. I was in the front room, fiddling on the computer; J was in the kitchen. I wasn't sure if she knew I was close by, since I had been up in the office doing some legal writing for work.

"Really?" "No, Scott is always up for it. His stamina is amazing! I'll usually have two or three orgasms before he finishes; then, he's ready to take me on again after just a little while..." Hearing that, I knew she didn't realize that I was in the next room listening.

"Greg's penis is how big? Come on, you're kidding, right? How can he possibly satisfy you with that? . . . I didn't think he could. . . No, I don't have that problem at all; Scott's is a nice size. He's not huge, but he's at least 7 1/2 inches, and he always gets really nice and hard." 

At this point I was hanging on every word and I felt myself 'rising to the occasion!' I couldn't believe that J was sharing such intimate information with Jenn, and neither could my cock...it was begining to strain against my Levis! 

"What? You want to do what? . . . Girl, you are wicked! . . . I don't know, we've never discussed it; but come to think of it, I've noticed Scott checking out your ass before. Yes, it could be amazingly fun...maybe; maybe...let me think about it. You know, we always were good at sharing; maybe sharing Scott with you would be just what you need right now!" 

Suddenly, Jenn's nicely rounded ass came unbidden into my mind. I had seen her in her bikini at the beach and in our pool many times, and she always looked tight and sexy in it. I had fantasized about pulling the strings on that bikini and revealing what was underneath it more than once, and my mouth started to water. "What would her pussy taste like," I thought; "anything like J's?" I was fired up! 

J's voice interrupted my decadent thoughts about pounding her best friend's firm ass. "OK, I've thought about it;" she said, "let's do it!"

There was a pause while J listened. 

"No, I won't tell him a word! I'll figure a way to get you here and then we'll spring it on him, OK? It'll be our little secret until then. I think that he might be shocked, a bit, but I also think he'll be more than willing to satisfy all your needs." 

J paused to listen again. 

"No, I could never be jealous of my best friend! In fact, I want to be there to see him pleasure you! I know that it would be so hot watching the two of you go at it! Then, once he's done with you, would you like to watch him satisfy me?" 

There was another pause while J listened to Jenn's reply. J laughed at what she heard, and said; "Yes, sweetie; I'm already getting wet thinking about sharing Scotty with you! . . . You know, I've just got to confess that ever since we were girls I've thought about what it would be like to make love with you; maybe you'd like to live out that fantasy with me, too! . . . "You would? Wow! . . . Now I'm really hot!"

J laughed her sweet laugh and said into the phone: "You can count on me, girlfriend! I've never been with a girl that way, either; I'm glad we will be the first for each other! I am sooo hot and wet right now that I can hardly sit still! I can't wait! Now, how are we going to get you out here without Scotty asking a lot of questions? . . . I'll start working on a plan.

There was a long pause and then J replied: "What? No, he can't hear us; he's up in the office writing a brief for work. He won't suspect a thing! . . . OK, baby-doll, let's talk soon. You start getting ready for my hubby's cock; . . . and my tongue! I know that Scotty and I will do you right and help you forget about Greg and his tiny cock for a while!" 

Quick as I could, while being as quiet and sneaky as possible, I tiptoed to the stairs and then started making loud "coming down the stairs" noises. 

"Baby," I yelled in my most innocent voice, "where are you?" 

"In the kitchen!" I heard J yell back at me. "I'm just getting off the phone with Jenn!"

"Oh, say hi, and send her my love!" I said, as I came into the kitchen.

"Scott says "hi" and that he loves you, sweetie! . . . Let's see how much!" 

J hung up the phone and looked up at me. I put on my most quizzical face and cocked my head to one side. "What was that all about?" I inquired. "You know that I love Jenn like a sister." I told my little white lie with a straight face, hoping that J wouldn't notice the bulge in my Levis. 

"Oh, I know, sweetheart," said J, "Jenn's just feeling a little bit down and needs a bit of cheering up, that's all. Greg hasn't been giving her the attention she needs."

J and I had been planning a little vacation together for a bit later in the month, but we needed a dog-sitter for our two basset hounds, Roxy and Ruby. Finding a sitter that we could trust with our 'babies' was proving to be a bit of a problem. Neither J nor I wanted to kennel them; we just couldn't bear the thought of leaving our girls with strangers. We were starting to think about cancelling our vacation trip because of our dilemma. I saw my opportunity and I took it. 

"Jenn needs cheering up?" I asked. "How about she comes out here and sits for the girls while we go on vacation? We could fly her out a few days early and wine and dine her a bit before we leave. Do you think that might cheer her up?"

J looked at me with narrowed eyes for a second or two and I thought that maybe I had overplayed my hand a bit. But after just a moment J's pretty face lit up: "What a great idea! I think I'll call her back right now and work out the details!"

"Great," I said, and high-tailed it out of the kitchen into the backyard with the dogs on my heel. I bent over and called to them, "Let's go, girls;" doing my best to prevent J from noticing my raging hard-on. 

***

J set up Jenn's travel arrangements so that she would be coming out about a week before we were scheduled to leave on vacation. Then, the night before last, J picked up Jenn at the airport while I was at work. Since I had to go to work early the next morning (my normal day off), I went to bed around 10:00 p.m. J and Jenn sat up and talked like two sisters might after not seeing each other for months. In hind-sight I'm certain that they spent most of their late-night discussion planning how they were going to spring their "trap" on me!

I took off for work before the girls were up in the morning. I put in a full day at the office, finishing up the brief that I had started at home the day before. I left my office in The City about 4:00 p.m. and caught the next BART train to the East Bay. I arrived at the Concord station about 5:00 and was home by 5:15.

It was still hot when I got home and J and Jenn met me at the door, both wearing cute, little sun dresses. J said to me: "How do we look? We dressed up special for you!" 

"You ladies look good enough to eat," I joked. Jenn blushed and smiled at me.

"Jenn and I decided that we want YOU . . . to barbecue tonight." She said it just like that, emphasis on 'you,' with a pause before the rest of her sentence. I chuckled a little to myself about how J was playing this set-up for all that it was worth. 

I noticed that both the girls were looking at me with somewhat nervous, somewhat mischievous smiles on their faces, exchanging little glances at each other out of the corner of their eyes. They were standing quite near me, well within my 'personal space' arm-in-arm as girlfriends will do on occasion. Their sun dresses really flattered their figures; Jenn's dress was short and her long, slender legs flowed up into the cutest little ass you could imagine. J's dress was short, too, and her fuller tits and ass really showcased that sundress! 

Both my wife and her best friend are very good looking women. J's short, sassy hair is nearly black, which highlights and draws attention to her pretty, ice-blue eyes. Jenn, on the other hand, has long blond hair which she wears straight, with the bangs pulled back and secured with a barrette in a very romantic and feminine style. Her eyes are also blue, but with green highlights. Very pretty! J has a small, upturned nose that crinkles whenever she flashes her dazzling smile. Her lips run on the thin side, but I think they are very sensuous, and fit her cute face perfectly. Jenn has high cheekbones and is more of a 'classic' beauty than J; thin nose and perfect, white smile. Standing there next to each other, arm-in-arm, and so close to me, I could really appreciate how beautiful they both were, each in their own special way. I inhaled deeply and was pleased by the natural bouquet of fresh-scrubbed female flesh wafting off these two, beautiful ladies! I was suddenly overwhelmed with the captivating thought of slipping off their clothes and comparing their naked bodies, side by side. 

When the two of them saw me looking them over, they exchanged what I would describe as a 'knowing look.' My heart skipped a beat and I thought to myself: "They want this to happen tonight!" I decided to play along, a bit. "Sure, honey," I teased with a smile and a little wink. "You know that I'm UP . . . to barbecue anytime." I emphasized "UP" and paused for a second or two before I went on. I could see Jenn give J's arm a quick squeeze while the girlfriends exchanged another conspiratorial glance. 

"What are you girls in the mood for?" I said. They both laughed and Jenn quickly replied: "J said she'd leave it up to you to choose what you wanted to share with me." 

"What a great idea." I said with a smile. I let Jenn see me pass my eyes slowly over her trim, sexy body, top to bottom and back. "I'll whip out my . . . best for you, and make sure that it's hot and delectable! How's that sound?" 

Jenn's fingers were intertwined with J's and I could see a bit of color creep out from under her low cut sun dress and spread lazily up her throat. She tilted her head and looked me in the eye. "I'm looking forward to eating every bit of whatever you're willing to offer me!" 

"Me too!" J chimed in. The two girlfriends grinned at each other, did a little courtesy to me, and flounced out into the back yard, hand in hand.

I grabbed three wine glasses out of the cupboard and uncorked a great Argentinean Malbec. Using the special aerator that J got me on our last trip to our favorite winery, I poured an inch or two of the dark red liquid into each glass. Armed with the wine, I followed the ladies out the French doors to our back yard patio. 

"It's five o'clock somewhere!" I joked, coming out the door. "Do you ladies want a glass of wine?" 

They were sitting close together at the patio table and they both looked at me and smiled as I came out the doorway. "Yes!" They both said, flashing flirty smiles. I sat down next to Jenn and passed out the glasses of wine. We all said "cheers!" and clinked glasses. The wine was smooth, full bodied, with a hint of blackberry and plum and just a bit of bite on the tongue from the somewhat earthy tannins. It was perfect. 

We sat there and chatted while we enjoyed the wine. I listened as the two friends reminisced about growing up in San Francisco. After a while they began talking about more intimate topics; specifically their sexual experiences as high-school and college girls together. I could feel the sexual tension start to rise! I knew that it was going to be a perfect evening, and that soon I would be experiencing and fulfilling every fantasy I'd ever had about fucking two lovely ladies at the same time! 

J grabbed Jenn's arm and said: "Do you remember the time when you and I were about sixteen we and got caught by my mother when we were in my bed kissing?" I leaned close to Jenn; feigning shock, I said; "You BAD girls! . . . Tell me everything!" Jenn's eyes sparkled as she leaned over closer to me, the neckline of her sun dress falling open a bit to expose a fair amount of her perky, white breasts to my hungry eyes. 

"You know, Scott, if you want to hear that story, you'll have to do something for me, first! I don't tell that story for free!" While continuing to lean toward me, leaving her exposed breasts to be ogled by me, she reached out and touched my knee. "I know! I want you to give me a kiss, and not one on the cheek, either. A good, hot kiss on my lips!" 

I sat back in my chair and said with a bit of a frown on my face, "Well . . . OK, but only if J says it's alright with her." 

I peeked around Jenn's head in an exaggerated way at J. J was sitting back in her chair with her sun dress hiked up high on her thighs. I could see that she wasn't wearing any panties and her cute, little, well-trimmed pussy was clearly visible. She really looked hot, and at that moment, I just wanted to grab my wife and fuck her right there in the backyard; but then I took another look down Jenn's sun dress at her sweet, perky breasts and knew that I also wanted to fuck Jenn, and I was certain that I wanted to start with her! I shot my eyebrows in fax surprise at J's exposed pussy and tried my best to look puzzled.

J smiled at me and let her hand drop down in her lap. She pulled her dress up a bit higher and brushed her fingers across the lips of her pouting little pussy. I watched her hand, fascinated as the French-manicured nail of her ring finger slid between her outer labia and she began to rotate the tip of her finger in an orbit around her glistening clit. 

J saw where I was staring, licked her lips and said, "Go ahead, she'll just keep bugging us until you do, and I want to hear her tell this story to you!" 

J stopped rubbing her clit and got up out of her chair. She lifted her hand to her lips and gently sucked on the finger that had just been rubbing her clit, obviously savoring the taste of her own juices and slowly came around to stand near both of us. She leaned over Jenn and said: "Here's my payment for the story!" and planted the most sensuous kiss I had ever witnessed on Jenn's upturned lips. I heard one of the girls moan with excitement, which got my motor revving! J held the kiss for fifteen or twenty seconds, then deftly slid her hand down the front of Jenn's sundress to cup her left breast! I could see J's hand massaging Jenn's tit. Jenn stiffened a bit in her chair for a second or two, then relaxed to J's touch. After a few more seconds J broke the kiss, opened her eyes and looked into Jenn's. 

"Whoosh!" I heard Jenn release her breath with a sigh as J withdrew her hand from Jenn's dress and drew it up her cheek. "That was a wonderful kiss, J." Jenn whispered. "But don't think that it pay's Scott's toll!"

J laughed and pushed me a bit. "Slide your chair closer to Jenn, Scott; she won't bite; . . . much!" I did as she asked. J then took my hand and guided it to her best friend's face. 

"Go ahead; it's your turn. Pay your toll or we'll never hear that story! Besides, I want to see you kiss her. You'll like it; she's sweet!" 

Still playing along and pretending that I had no idea where this was heading, I leaned over and planted what I hopped would look like a "brotherly" peck on Jenn's lips. Before I could beat a retreat, Jenn grabbed my face with both hands, and in a heartbeat, she felt her slide her tongue between my lips. My cock stood to attention and I felt J's hand move lovingly down my back. As I sat there, locked in Jenn's embrace with her tongue in my mouth, probing mine, I felt J lean close to my ear. 

"Do you want to fuck my best friend, Scotty?" she whispered; "I know she wants to fuck you!" 

My heart was racing as my hands found their own way to Jenn's tits. I touched them very gently and I could feel Jenn draw in a deep breath as she felt my hands beginning to explore her.

"Yes!" I responded; "I would like to make love with Jenn very much, and explore every inch of her body with my hands, mouth and cock!"

I stood, pulling Jenn up with me and into my arms. I pulled her close and pressed my straining cock hard against the flimsy fabric of her sun dress. There is no doubt that she felt my hard cock against her flat stomach, because she moaned and immediately buried her tongue deep into my mouth! I savored Jenn's warm and soft lips for a few moments as my hand caressed her well-shaped ass. When I came up for air, I looked at J. She was standing there with one hand on my ass, and the other pressing against Jenn's, helping Jenn crush her body up against my engorged dick.

J caught my eye and smiled. "You two look hot together! I can't wait to watch you fuck my girl, Scotty!" She grabbed my hand and Jenn's hand. "Let's go to the bedroom!" 

I smiled and said: "You ladies planned this, didn't you?" Jenn blushed a bright red, but still managed to look pleased with herself. After a quick glance at J she looked me in the eye and said: "Yes, we planned it together. Do you really want to make love with me Scotty?" 

I laughed and grabbed one cheek of Jenn's succulent ass with my free hand. I could feel through the fabric that she, too, wasn't wearing any panties. My heart raced as I thought about taking her sun dress off and getting my first look at what was sure to be a totally gorgeous pussy. I wondered if she would have a full bush or would she be trimmed like J. 

"Sweetheart" I said, "you are about to receive the pounding of your life!" 

Jenn turned an even brighter shade of red but continued to look me in the eye. "I can't wait to get a hold of your cock, Scotty!" She took her free hand and rubbed it against the very prominent bulge in my Levis. "You feel good enough to eat!" Jenn cried. "Let's go!" 

I released her beautiful ass, and taking each of the ladies by the hand, I marched them into the house and up the stairs to our master bedroom. 

J and I have a big, California King bed; definitely big enough for the three of us to romp on. Our two basset hounds followed us up the steps, but I looked at them and said: "No, you girls have to stay out in the hall; daddy's going to fuck your mommy, and your auntie!" The ladies laughed and I closed the door on my dogs' curious noses.

***

Once in our bedroom, I grabbed Jenn from behind, wrapping my arms around her and sliding my hands over her full but perky breasts. Each one nestled snugly in the cupped palm of my hands. I could feel her nipples perking up and straining against her sun dress. I pinched them both, gently and nibbled on the back of her neck. A soft moan escaped her lips. Clearly, she was ready for what I wanted to do to her. I felt J's arms slide around me from behind; I felt her firm, full breasts pushing against my back. I was between two beautiful, willing women and the feeling was nearly indescribable. 

J slid her hands down my sides and around my waist. I felt her unbuckle my belt, and then unbutton the top button on my Levis. I gave Jenn's nipples another pinch, marveling at how they felt bigger, and stuck out further than J's. I stopped my ministrations to Jenn's neck and said to J: "Don't you think that Jenn should do the honors?" I felt J's hands stop on the second button of the fly of my Levis. 

"Oh . . . I guess you're right, sweetie," J conceded reluctantly: "Jenn, turn around and strip off my hubby's jeans. I think you'll be pleased by what you see!" 
