 After my encounter with Lyndsey, things were better than ever. She and I were still working out together and then we would frequently get so turned on we would have to rush back to her place to tear each others' clothes off. Her appetite for sex was insatiable and my appetite for her body was the same. Once a week we would meet for a "training" session where I would spend an hour touching her firm, toned body in all of the right places and by the time we were finished she would be dripping wet. It was getting slightly dangerous because on more than one occasion we simply could not wait. 

I would take her to an upper floor of the gym into a private fitness studio, leaving the door open so that anyone coming up the stairs would be able to see us. She would then drop to her knees in front of me and fish my cock out of my shorts to start licking and sucking on it while sliding her hand into her tight shorts to play with her pussy. She loved to watch herself suck my cock in the wall length mirrors and I loved watching her tight body crouched in front of me, taking me deep. It usually only took about five minutes before my cock would swell and explode down her throat. We had yet to actually lose control and fuck in the gym, but I had a feeling it was only a matter of time. 

The relationship took a turn one time when we were training and she noticed me checking out another girl while we were working out. Acting playful, I got the sense she was a little hurt. However, that night when I crawled in between her legs to slide my tongue into her pussy she stopped me. 

"I saw you checking out that other girl at the gym today." I sensed she was a little upset, which was only normal considering we were now fucking two or three times a week. We had never spoken about any sort of commitment, but to me it was always implied that we would not have sex with other people while we were together. 

I slid my hands up to caress her incredible breasts and began to slowly play with her nipples, making her start to purr softly. 

"Lyndsey, you know I love being with you, but it's perfectly normal for me to check out other women in the gym. After all, that's how you and I met." I dipped my head down and started to slowly trail circles around her pussy lips. She always tasted so incredible my cock would get hard instantly just thinking about sliding myself into her tight pussy.

As I started to lick her slowly, she started to talk.

"Mmm...baby...you always make me feel so good...tell me about what you would do if that other woman was here in bed with us..." I paused, wondering if this could be some sort of test but then decided that if she was going to open the door, I was going to walk through it. I kept licking her pussy slowly. 

"I would love to watch you kiss each other, your tongues and lips melting together." She purred and her hands moved to her nipples. "Then while my tongue is buried in your pussy she would help me so that you could have two hot tongues sliding inside you. I could move up and slide my hard cock into your mouth while she sucked on your wet pussy. Would you like that? Would you like to suck on my cock while a hot blonde is licking your pussy?" 

She moaned louder and started to pinch her nipples hard. Taking that as my cue I told her exactly what I would do. I grabbed her by the hips and flipped her over. Leaning down, I started to tongue her asshole and pussy while my hands went to her perfect ass, squeezing it hard. 

"Then, when you couldn't take it anymore, I'd take my hard cock and fuck you just...like...this!" as I slammed my cock straight into her wet pussy from behind. She cried out as I slid all the way into her with one stroke. "Then, our little friend would grab you by the hair" I said as I took a hold of her long blonde locks "and push your lovely tongue right into her pussy so you could lick her while I fucked you hard." She started to cry out and push back against me. I could tell that just talking about it was making her crazy. 

"Oh yes, fuck me! Fuck my hot pussy while I lick her! I want to taste her juices all over your cock!" 

This was getting better and better. I started to sweat and reach the point of no return just thinking about having two women naked and sweating with me in bed. My cock swelled and I pulled out quickly, turning Lyndsey over and pushing my cock into her mouth. 

"Taste that pussy. I want you to taste her while I come in your mouth." She grabbed my cock and gave it a few quick strokes, which was all it took for me to come hard down her throat. Her eyes closed, she gave a soft moan as she swallowed my seed and started to gently clean off every inch of my cock with her tongue. After coming down she opened her eyes and smiled at me. 

"That was so hot." I agreed with her and now I was starting to wonder not only if she had ever been with a woman, but how I could get her and another woman into bed together so that I could have my first threesome. 

We never really saw each other socially. It was a funny relationship that way. The only time I had ever seen her out was when I intentionally went to the bar she worked at to entertain some friends for dinner. She talked about her friends from work but I had never been out with them as a group. That's why it came as a surprise when she called me one Friday night to invite me to join them later at a club. I was surprised but maybe it meant that she was starting to see me as more than just a great sex partner, which I did not have a problem with at all. I decided to show up quite late to make sure that I had the chance to take her home right away if it was possible. My cock twitching with anticipation, I entered the nightclub alone, gazing across the crowd trying to see through the lights and through the haze. Walking to the bar, I spotted her without her seeing me. She was dressed in a light summer dress and looked incredible on the dance floor. However, the two girls she was with were also pretty incredible. The three of them were owning the dance floor surrounded by a group of predatory guys. The two others were a much shorter girl with blonde hair and a tall, thin girl with red hair. 

Grabbing a drink, I walked my way over to the edge of the floor where I knew she could see me and we locked eyes. Her incredible eyes could pierce you from across a room. She pointed me out to her friends and the three of them made their way over to me. Her friends were just as hot as she was and I realized that I was in for a pretty fun night. She introduced me to the blonde as Brooke and the redhead as Audrey. I leaned in to give her a kiss and she turned her head, which surprised me. They were all dressed very much the same in light summer dresses of varying colours. I noticed that Brooke was very well built, her arms looked strong and defined but she was probably no taller than 4'10". Audrey, on the other hand was much taller and thinner, with a build much like my own. Her red hair made her stand out. 

We talked a bit and I made my way out to the dance floor with them, enjoying watching all three of them move together. After a few minutes Lyndsey grabbed my hand and took me over to the bar. She ordered two shots and leaned in to ask me what I thought of her friends. I told her they seemed nice. Her eyes looked into mine and she repeated the question with a funny look in her eye. Leaning in, she said something that made my cock get instantly hard. 

"Would you like to fuck one of them?" 

I thought quickly, wondering if this was some kind of test, but soon realized from the expression on her face that she was not testing me. I smiled and leaned into her neck so she could feel my breath while I spoke.

"You little devil. You picked two women who are exactly what I've always wanted." She smiled and grabbed my hand. Hiding it under the bar she slid my hand under her dress. Her thong was moved to one side and her pussy was drenched, and not only with sweat from the dance floor. 

"I've been thinking about that time we talked about having someone else with us and it made me so hot. I want to watch you fuck one of them. Brooke is a gymnast. Her body is hard and tight and she loves to get thrown around by her men. Audrey is a screamer. She told me she used to get the cops called on her and her boyfriend all the time. They are both single and they both really want to have some no strings sex." 

Both were total fantasies of mine and I did not know what to do. I decided to make up my mind later and told her we should get some drinks. She called the other two girls over and we had two rounds of shots. Heading back out onto the dance floor I started to flirt with both Audrey and Brooke a bit, touching them and moving behind them on the dance floor. When I slid my hands down Brooke's body and felt her ass, it was hard as a rock and she flexed it for me, smiling at me at the same time. Not to be outdone, Lyndsey came up behind me and I was in a hot girl sandwich, and my cock responded quickly. I wanted to just grab them all and leave right then. However, for the night to go smoothly we needed to have a few more drinks. Audrey surprised me by taking the lead and grabbing my hand to take me over to the bar. I smiled at Lyndsey and she winked at me. Audrey led me upstairs to a quieter bar area and ordered some more shots. 

"So Lyndsey tells me that you can suck pussy better than any women she has ever been with." She bluntly said to me. It was hard to play it cool but she didn't even let me talk before she grabbed my cock through my pants and pushed her body into mine, kissing me hard and fast. I felt her tongue slide into my mouth and moved my hands to her waist. She started to moan into my mouth even though we were just kissing. She grabbed my hair and pulled hard while she sucked hard on my tongue. This woman was obviously an animal in bed and wouldn't take no for an answer. She took one of my hands and put it under her dress to show me that there was nothing underneath her dress and she was shaved bare. Her legs were skinny but she was so tall in her heels I almost felt like the female, reaching my head up to continue kissing her. 

Suddenly I felt another set of hands from behind grab my chest and Lyndsey began to tongue my ear from behind. This night was just getting better and better and it had only started an hour ago. I was looking forward to a monumental session with Lyndsey when we got home. 

After another hour of flirting, drinking and dancing it was time to go home. Lyndsey asked me a couple of times which one I preferred and honestly I could not choose. I told her we should just all head back to my place to see what happened and everyone agreed. Honestly, I wanted to see what the chances were of me turning this into a foursome with myself as the only male and was secretly hoping that all the girls would be up for it. When we got into the cab I had Brooke on one side and Audrey on the other, and a hand in each girls' lap while Lyndsey watched from the front seat. I could see a bit of jealousy in her eyes but continued to flirt, joke and caress both girls equally.

When we got to my apartment Lyndsey told the others to make themselves at home and pulled me into the bedroom. Her desire was obvious as she pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard. We pressed our bodies together and I plunged my hands into her hair, wanting to just fuck her right there against the wall. I had been hard for about two hours at this point and knew that it would not take much to get me to explode. She stabbed her tongue into my mouth and ground her pussy against my leg. I lifted her dress up to pull her bra down so I could suck on her breasts. It was a few minutes before I came to my senses and realized that there were two more women right outside the door. Kissing Lyndsey softly I took her by the hand and led her out to the living room. 

Before I knew what happened Brooke had jumped up. 

"My turn!" She grabbed my hand, smiling at Lyndsey and pulled me back into the bedroom, her short body even more pronounced with her shoes off. I didn't know what to do until she pushed me onto the bed. Grabbing the bottom of her dress, she quickly stripped it off in one quick movement. I had felt her hard muscles on the dance floor, but now seeing her in only a small bra and black panties her thick legs and ass looked incredible. They tapered up into a perfectly flat stomach and her small breasts were enhanced by her wide shoulders and toned arms. She spun around for me and flexed her firm ass cheeks. Sitting up I took that as my cue and grabbed her firm ass with my hands, pulling her towards me. Sitting on the bed she was almost perfect height for me to kiss her. Softly her lips pressed into mine. She was tentative, lightly touching me while my hands explored every muscle on her body. It was incredible to feel every inch of her moving while we kissed softly. I leaned in and kissed her flat stomach, moving my lips up and around her small breasts. But her ass was what I really wanted. I slowly turned her around and began to knead her rock hard ass, kissing the small of her back. She moaned softly, which I took as a cue to continue. 

I pushed her forward so she was bent over and slid my tongue down her back until it was sliding down the crack of her ass. I decided to take things slowly and inhaled her scent, moving my tongue lightly across her panties covering her ass and pussy. She started to squirm when my tongue danced around her hole. When my tongue slid lower into her pussy she gasped and jumped forward, flexing every muscle in her legs. I knew her pussy must be incredibly tight. She turned and looked at me with hunger in her eyes, grabbing my hand and pulling me up. We walked back out into the living room and I was struck by one of the most erotic sights I had ever seen in my life. 

Lyndsey and Audrey were sitting on the couch and had discarded their dresses. Audrey had mounted Lyndsey and was kissing her hard and deep with her hands on her breasts pinching her nipples. Audrey was moaning already. I suddenly realized every fantasy I had so far that night was about to come true. Audrey was already naked while Lyndsey still had her bra and panties on and they didn't even notice that we had walked back into the room until I moved behind the couch and started to caress Lyndseys' hair. She opened her eyes and broke the kiss, smiling at me. Audrey gave me a look like she wanted to eat me alive. 

"We figured we'd get started without you." Since she seemed like the type to take charge I was more than willing to let her but I wanted Lyndsey to know how incredible I wanted to make her feel and bending down, kissed her softly, telling her how incredible I thought she was. Audrey decided to take charge. 

"Okay, my pussy really needs to get fucked. Right now. I have been wanting a cock in my pussy all fucking night and you are probably ready for me. Lyndsey, I hope you don't mind if I get first crack at him." She stood and came around the couch, grabbing my belt and quickly took it off, unbuttoning my pants and grabbing my hard cock. Brooke moved from behind me to the couch and climbed on top of Lyndsey, taking Audrey's place and they started to kiss and grind their bodies together. Lyndsey had never mentioned being with another woman but it was obvious that she was more than experienced. However, I had my hands full with Audrey. She had my cock in her hands and it was as hard as it had ever been. Not wasting any time, she turned around, bent over the couch and spread her legs wide. From that position she was able to grab onto Lyndsey's breasts from behind and play with her nipples. Looking over her shoulder at me she bluntly said "Get that cock in my pussy right now." 

I moved up behind her and slid my cock into her pussy. It was so wet I slid in on the first stroke and instantly she screamed, almost scaring me. 

"Fuck! Oh yeah! Get that cock in my pussy and fuck me!" she screamed. "Lyndsey, his cock is so good and hard I love it!" Brooke broke her kiss with Lyndsey and laughed, while Lyndsey kept her eyes closed, grinding her hips against Brooke on her lap. I started to give Audrey exactly what she wanted, a good hard fuck although it was only going to last for a couple of minutes. Lyndsey wasn't kidding about her being loud. Every stroke I took she was yelling something obscene. 

"Fuck! Yes! Oh! Slap my ass! Fill my fucking pussy with your cock." She buried her head into the couch and started to squeal. I was so turned on I felt my cock suddenly reaching the point of no return. Pulling out suddenly, I released a massive load of come all over Audrey's back, and even managed to shoot far enough to splatter it onto Brooke's legs and Lyndsey's chest. Hours worth of pent up come released all over all three women and my legs went rubbery, almost sending me to the floor. I stepped back and had to support myself against the wall, watching Audrey breathe into the couch, and Brooke lean down and start to lick my come off of Lyndsey's breasts. Audrey lifted her head. 

"That was fucking amazing, Lynds. I can see why you like this guy so much." Lyndsey purred while Brooke continued to lick her breasts. I had to recover for a few minutes while my head was still spinning so I walked into the kitchen to get a glass of water. I heard more giggling from the living room and Lyndsey walked into the kitchen and kissed me. 

"This is even more fun than I thought it would be and the girls agree. They both want to fuck you all night long. I hope you ate your Wheaties this morning." I laughed and pulled her to me, feeling her tight body move against me. I tugged her panties down to get her completely naked. We walked back out into the living room to see Brooke and Audrey making out on the couch, also naked. I pushed Lyndsey forward and she slipped in between them, giving me my first view of three completely naked incredibly hot bodies kissing and touching each other. Quickly my cock began to get hard again watching them kiss and caress each other. Lyndsey saw my cock get hard and waved me over to the couch, taking my cock into her mouth and starting an incredibly enthusiastic blowjob. She was more turned on than I had ever seen her. Meanwhile, Audrey took charge again and climbed in between Lyndsey's legs, taking her pussy lips into her mouth and sucking hard. Lyndsey let go of my cock to cry out as Audrey sucked on her clit hard, which I knew she loved. Brooke just lay back on the couch and locked eyes with me. 

She gently pulled her thong down around her ankles and motioned for me to come over to her side of the couch while Audrey and Lyndsey enjoyed each other. 

"My pussy is incredibly tight. Do you want to feel it?" she asked? I didn't need to be asked twice since I had fantasized about sliding into her tight muscular body all night. My cock was still slightly lubricated from Audrey's wet pussy so I knelt in between her legs and pushed the head of my cock into her. I got about an inch inside her before I realized how tight she was. She smiled and I could feel her muscles contract as she arched her back, showing me her tight stomach. Slowly my cock began to penetrate her but I could only move it a quarter inch at a time. Her pussy gripped my cock like a hand squeezing it and she pulsed her pussy muscles over and over again, massaging my cock into rock hardness. It took a couple of minutes to get my cock completely inside her, and my body loomed over her small form. I leaned in and kissed her as she wrapped her muscular legs around me and started to rock back and forth. I looked beside me and saw Lyndsey with her hands clenching Audrey's head. She was moaning loudly and bucking her hips while Audrey slid two fingers inside her. I could tell she was having an intense orgasm when she threw her head back and cried out. Distracted, I soon realized that Brooke was doing her best to milk a second orgasm out of me, starting to fuck me harder. She was so small I had an idea. 
