 *It's been a while, but I felt like writing again, and Chapter 1 got good reception, so I decided to continue the story*

*All characters depicted are 18+*

*****

Hours later, I was still reeling from what happened. I had masturbated with my best friends, fucked one of their tits, and came on both of them. I thought this only happened in porn. Honestly, if there had been a cheesy plot line before hand involving a blue collar or service job, I wouldn't have even given it a second though. 

I mentioned this to Karyn and Jackie. Karyn just joked, "You have to come over and fix my cable box some time!"

"Don't forget the repairman. And lemon stealing whores" Jackie added on.

That evening would just be the beginning of our little hedonistic vacation. After I came, we all took a shower together. Mine was too small for three, so we piled in my mom's, which had a lovely steaming function.

We just stood in there for a while, leaning on each other and relishing the moment. My mom would later get on my case about the jump in the water bill (I was "sore from lifting weights"), but it was worth every penny to me. 

The girls, still stark naked, snuggled up in my bed and flicked through different shows on Netflix to watch. With the cash my mom left for me, I decided to order some Thai delivery. I felt so naughty as I opened the door and paid the delivery man, with my bedroom door wide open and two sexy, naked cuties a few feet away. I went back into my room, stripped to boxers, and as we tore into the pad thai, we began to chat about the experience.

"So...like, what happened there?" Karyn asked, half laughing, half unsure of herself.

"I don't know," I replied coyly. "I mean you're the one who wanted me to cu-"

"Yes, smartass, I'm aware, but what possessed us to just do all that?"

"Dunno...I mean we were really horny, and we're really comfortable with each other."

Jackie chimed in, "Well, let's not forget that we were all staring at one another, correct? I mean, I think we've all always been a bit attracted to each other. Emotionally and physically."

There was a long pause as we processed that. Jackie put on Good Will Hunting, a favourite of hers. 

"I guess," I conceded. "So assuming we all feel the same, we have some weird polyamory thing going on?"

"I suppose," Karyn said. She paused for a few seconds. "Dibs on Jackie, though!" 

She suddenly jumped onto Jackie and began to tickle her. The remote dropped as she laugh-cried and haphazardly tried to push Karyn off. All I could do was grin at this. Two naked girls wrestling on top of each other. *Call me Hugh fucking Hefner*, I thought. I was tempted to take a picture, but I knew it might be too soon for that. 

Jackie stopped resisting and flopped her arms back as Karyn slowed down her tickle to a light caress with her fingers. Their collective breathing got heavier as Karyn traced Jackie's stomach and tits. They did this for a while, but I wasn't seeing anything.

"Holy fuck, just kiss already!" I laughed. 

They both looked at me, lust burning in their eyes, and went to town on each other's faces. The smacking and sucking noise it made drove me wild. I could feel myself becoming diamonds again. Then, Karyn reached down between Jackie's legs. Her breathing got noticeably heavier, and she began to moan, drowning out Matt Damon's math prowess in the background. 

"Deeper...deeper..." Jackie moaned. I began to absentmindedly rub myself, enjoying the show in front of me. 

This went on for a little while until Jackie looked over Karyn to me, grinning, and motioned me to come forward. Karyn came up for a breather and noticed Jackie motioning towards me. Without saying a word, she stuck her ass out more, presenting me her beautiful pussy, and gave a nice smack and wiggle.

As she continued to eat out Jackie, I apprehensively brought my head closer to her pussy, taking in it's sweet and foreign smell, and extended my tongue a little bit, just sliding on the lips. Karyn gasped and giggled a bit. I started to flick my tongue a bit more, finding a rhythm, and listening to Karyn beg for more, mixed in with Jackie's moaning. 

She then bent back farther, fully plunging my face into her pussy and ass. It shocked me, but it only turned me on more, rubbing myself and licking hard simultaneously, letting her wetness dribble on my chin. All of the sudden, I felt her body tense and muscles clench, so I licked harder and harder until she went over the edge. Karyn made a loud moan and fell onto her belly. She started to finger Jackie rapidly as she recovered, and soon she would follow suit. As I rose up and wiped my face, I saw Jackie staring intently at me. Her gaze switched from my face to my pulsing, red cock.

"Your turn" she said very intently.

I shuffled over to Jackie's, who was still laying back, and before I could ask what she was going to do, she grabbed my cock. A wave of electricity went through my body, and the loud gasp I made caused them to both giggle. 

"I've never tried this before," she said as she slowly stroked me, "so let me know how I do."

With that, she leaned forward, mouth open, and began to suck me slowly. I gripped the bed frame. I could hardly believe this was happening, but here I was, my cock being slowly caressed by her soft lips. It was warm and wet like nothing I had ever experienced. She began to pick up speed and coughed a little as she took me deeper. All of the sudden, she stopped. I looked at her, and she took my cock out for a second and made one demand:

"Fuck my face."

"Huh? Like you mean..."

"Yeah. Granted, it's a little porn-y, but we're this far."

"If you say so. By the way, you're doing great, best blowjob I've ever had!"

She scoffed, "Funny, compared to your hand?" she joked. "Now be quiet and go to work."

It was a little blunt, but the dominance thing kinda turned me on. I went back into her mouth, and grasped her forehead lightly, caressing her hair. Karyn sat back, lightly stroking her nipples, enjoying the show. I began to push myself back and forth. I wanted to go deep, but I also didn't know just how sensitive her gag reflex was. I gradually picked up my speed and stroke length, letting my balls hit her chin. I started to go deeper when I heard her cough, so I panicked and pulled out.

"Why'd you stop?" she asked.

"I don't want you to throw up."

"Oh baby, trust me, I'll be fine. Give it a try."

Her calling me 'baby' for the first time made my heart skip a little, and only made me hornier. I went back in her mouth, and fucked it some more. I went deeper and deeper, hearing her cough and gag a bit, but she took it like a champ. At one point, she pointed her finger down intently, directing me to go for the deep throat. I slid down the narrow, warm passage, and felt the muscles squeeze my length. Oh god, this was too good. 

She gagged, and I went up so she could breathe. I could feel myself nearing orgasm, and my stroke began to become more erratic. I was caught in ecstasy, and Jackie took notice. She grabbed by butt and forced herself to the hilt. 

I exploded, shooting rope after rope deep down her throat, and moaning like a madman. With some coughing and sputtering, she took my length out, slick with saliva, and a trail of spit and cum dribbled onto her tits. I collapsed back, relishing in the high of my orgasm. 

We remained silent for a moment until Karyn said, "Jackie, I think we've found a secret talent of yours." 

We all broke out in laughter. Jackie admitted that she had always fantasized about that, and had practiced with bananas. We cleaned up, and I grabbed Jackie a tall glass of water and some napkins. 

After all was said and done, I hit the lights, turned off the TV, and we all snuggled up. 

Karyn whispered to me in the dark, "That was hot, but I haven't gotten my serving of meat for the day!"

With both of them giggling, I promised that I'd make up for it in the moment. 

I slept the best I had in years that night.