 *I wrote this more for myself than anyone else, but feel free to leave constructive criticism*

*All characters depicted are 18+*

*****

I trudged through the door of my house, dragged myself to my room, and crashed down on my bed without taking off my backpack or closing my door. It had been a rough day. Between an embarrassing project presentation in Literature, a test which I probably failed in Calc, and not getting enough sleep last night, I was ready to throw in the towel for the day. Only 5 more months of this until college, I thought to myself. Luckily, I came home to a 4-day long weekend and my mom out of the state for a business conference until Monday, so it was the perfect opportunity for me to recharge my batteries, so to speak. I shrugged off my backpack, closed the door, cranked my fan up to high, stripped to my boxers, and flopped back down onto my bed. I basked in the cool air and darkness of my room until I felt a stirring from down under, rousing me from my peaceful rest. 

When I opened my eyes, there was a column of stretched fabric jutting out from between my legs. I was rock hard for some random reason. I don't know if it was the fact that I hadn't worked out in a week, stress buildup, the full moon, or whatever, but I'd been extremely horny the past 3 weeks. I'd managed to keep myself in an appropriate state at school, but the moment I got home, everything drained down to my dick. Generally, I jacked off every other day or so, but I'd increased to once or twice a day in these past weeks. I looked again at the bulge staring me in the face, and yanked my briefs off in one fluid motion. I then grabbed a towel, my fleshlight, lube, propped myself up on my bed, and queued up my wank material on my laptop. 

My video of choice for this session was a homemade video of a woman with oversized 36H breasts titfucking her husband. To slide in between a nice pair and give my generous titfuck benefactor a pearl necklace was a fantasy of mine. I lubed up the interior of the fake pussy and slid in, moaning as sensation engulfed my cock. As I was pumping away in pure bliss with the fleshlight and listening to the sound of the woman's mounds slapping against her man's torso, my phone vibrated. I paused the video and looked over at my phone's screen to find new messages from the group chat with my two best friends, Karyn and Jackie. 

Karyn asked us, "Are you guys down to hang out this weekend? I'm bored af."

"Pls! My parents are on their anniversary vacation and my sister is working over the long weekend. I need to get out of the house," pleaded Jackie.

"Come over around 4," I replied. 

After settling that, I continued my session with the time I had remaining before I had to clean up. The man in the video was straddling the woman's chest, rapidly thrusting his girthy manhood between his wife's breasts. As I heard the man begin to grunt and saw him enter his vinegar strokes, I felt my balls tighten and entered the same point of no return. A white jet shot between her breasts and into her mouth as the man let out a loud groan, and I let loose into my fleshlight with a similar primal exclamation. Cum dripped out of the base, but luckily the towel caught it. I lay in my bed feeling fulfilled (for now) until I looked at the clock. I had lost track of time and had 15minutes until my friends arrived. I quickly pulled my clothes back on, cleaned my fleshlight, made my bed, and sprayed my room with febreeze. As I was putting on deodorant, I heard the front door open. Jackie and Karyn were accustomed to letting themselves in, as they're practically family to my mom and I. Good thing they didn't walk in earlier, I thought to myself.

The three of us walked into my room, whereupon Karyn flopped on my bed and Jackie took the swivel chair. I was resigned to the beanbag in the corner. Like I said, they're practically family, so my room had kind become their domain too over the years. Other friends had even asked me if I had a girlfriend because the two would leave hair ties on my nightstand frequently. 

"Hey Joel. I'm tired. I'm bored, I'm hot, it's hot," complained Karyn as she lay flat, face-down on my covers. A dirty thought crossed my mind about her shoving her face in the area where I was masturbating 20 minutes ago, but it quickly faded.

"Welcome to the club," I said. 

"I'm chafing like fuck right now," declared Jackie loudly. She was known for having a very lenient filter around most people, and pretty much no filter at all around us, but we loved it.

A random heat wave had hit town recently, making temperatures unusually hot for early January in Phoenix. I had the A/C cranked up and all the fans in the house blowing. The heat had made me leave more sweat marks than usual on my sheets during my self-love session, so I made my bed before my friends got here, despite me usually not caring about how neat my covers were. 

We had our usual chat for an hour about the perpetual stress plaguing our lives, summer plans, college, and of course our love lives. That was always a fun topic. The three of us were still virgins at 18 years old, with me being the one to get the farthest by kissing a girl at a party my junior year and feeling her boob for maybe 2 seconds, but that was a one-off fueled by cheap vodka and the atmosphere in the host house. Karyn had done a stage kiss in theatre with a guy who had eaten too much garlic (she doesn't count that), but other than that the girls didn't really have anything to brag about. As we lazed about in my room, Jackie talked about how she felt like a guy in her AP Government class was flirting with her, but she couldn't tell. A new girl on Karyn's improv team had caught her eye. She's bi, so she figured that she'd have a slightly larger dating pool, but to no avail.

I honestly couldn't see how they hadn't made strides romantically or sexually. Other than being quiet and a little socially awkward - traits which I bonded with them over - they had a lot going for them. Jackie was tall and shapely, with sapphire-blue eyes, full lips, reddish-brown hair, and a very nice ass. Karyn was much shorter with curly brown hair and freckles, but had slightly larger boobs than Jackie, on the larger end of a B cup, and a similar sized ass. How could a guy not notice that? I sure did ever since I met them in 7th grade, but I vowed never to let my attraction interfere with such close friendships. As for me? I wouldn't consider myself bad looking: I was 6'1" with reddish-brown hair, grey eyes, skinny but with a toned chest, but I had bad acne to deal with and a persistent neckbeard that I had to keep tamed. I wasn't terrible, but I thought I was way out of the league of my friends, anyways.

Despite being unsuccessful in our love lives, we had become very open with one another over the years about our sexual practices and desires, aside from any within our own friendship. Porn, masturbation habits, fantasies, you name it. Any outside spectator would be very appalled by how much and how openly we discuss some things, especially as one straight guy and two girls who at the very least liked men, but we found it perfectly normal. We were loners in middle school and we learned to confide in each other and be each other's' rock. Our parents became fast friends too, and we all started having frequent dinners and outings together. Our parents, however, would never suspect that we were this close. 

"So, I found this video on Pornhub last night, right, and it opens with some girl stuffing lemons from a tree into her leotard," explained Jackie. "Then this guy comes out and calls her a - and I'm not paraphrasing - a 'lemon stealing whore'. I was laughing so hard that I couldn't even get turned on by the video!" And then she sent us the link in our group chat. Thank God, our parents didn't search our phones, our group chat was honestly a cesspool of swearing, memes, and porn links.

"Oh, the way you talk about it made me think that you were going to say she shoved the, up there" said Karyn. "That might hurt. Also, I have something new to show you guys.Don't judge me, but I've been into reading recently rather than watching."

Jackie and I shared a stifled laugh. "Don't tell me you've been rubbing one out to a biology textbook," I said. 

Karyn rolled her eyes. "Very funny, guys. No, it's like erotica. People write these stories and upload them to different websites. It's actually really hot. I had a lot of fun reading one last night."

I felt a jolt between my jeans. Despite being familiar with this rhetoric, I still got a bit turned on when the girls talked in detail about their most private moments. My cock strained against the fabric of my jeans, and I actually looked down to make sure there were no tears. I leaned forward a bit to hide my arousal. 

"Just read it," said Karyn. Our phones collectively buzzed, and a link popped up in a message bubble. I opened it in an incognito tab, and was greeted with a wall of paragraphs. 

Jackie scoffed and said matter-of-factly, "Wow. You get off to essays."

"Just read it, dumbass."

We all began to scroll through the pages of text. It was very well written, like an actual novel I'd find in a book store. I could sense a buildup to something, however: sexual tension between characters, steamy inner monologues, and so forth slowly but surely climbing to a fever pitch. Before I knew it, there was a full-blown orgy happening between the paragraphs. Wife swapping, mutual masturbation, oral, crazy sex positions, anal, and so on. To my surprise, I was loving it. What I hadn't noticed was my hand subconsciously drifting towards my erection, which I had unknowingly stopped covering. I looked up from my phone and saw Karyn staring directly at my hard-on. I sat upright and concealed myself again, and we both looked away. We acted like nothing had happened, but my face burned red. She had 100% seen me rubbing myself.

"Wow, this is actually hot," commented Jackie.

"See what I told you!" replied Karyn.

"Yeah, and Joel was really loving it. So much that he was getting handsy with himself!" Oh shit.

"Uh no! Well, it was...well...sorta subconscious," I stammered as I tried to defend myself, "but I wasn't doing that!"

"Relax," Karyn said. "It happens. I must say, I'm getting a little turned on myself."

We read for a few minutes longer, but then I looked up from the screen. Karyn's fingers were very obviously circling the inner part of her thighs and lightly massaging her thick ass squished against my mattress. There was also a small but very noticeable wet spot forming in Jackie's semi-sheer, grey yoga pants, and she slowly traced along her thigh, too, with her long legs propped up on my desk. My hand made its way toward my bulge and I circled my shaft with my fingertips, albeit less subconsciously this time. Now, I was seeing the other two stealing glances, and we all kept making split-second awkward eye contact, still pretending that nothing was happening. The wet spot on Jackie had grown from the size of a penny to a quarter. Both their hands moved father down their centers. 

The room was silent except for the blowing of a fan and occasional readjustments. The tension was almost tangible, even more so than for the characters in the story we were reading. Then, a sound broke through. A whimper. Not loud, but loud enough to register with our ears. It had come from Jackie, who subtly grinded on my chair and was rubbing her inner thigh with just the smallest amount of increased intensity. She turned red and drew her legs into her chest, covering them with her arms. I could feel us toeing a very thin line. Then Karyn stood up. 

"Fuck it."

"What?" Jackie and I collectively responded as we looked up from our phones and stopped what we were doing.

"Fuck it. Let's not beat around the bush here," said Karyn triumphantly. "We're all very obviously hot and bothered by this story. I mean come on, we're just about getting off on this. Jackie, you moaned for Christs' sake." Jackie did not refute this, she only blushed a deeper red and curled up more.

She continued, "We're all friends here. Best friends. I mean, come on, the shit we share with each other belongs in these stories. We literally know how and when all of us masturbate, down to the speed of our arms and hands. We all obviously have some tension to get rid of. Why not just do it now? Your mom's away for the long weekend, right, Joel?"

I stared at her for a second and said, "So you're suggesting that we- "

She cut me off and continued, "Yeah why don't we just get off and get over it? No emotions, hands to ourselves, just doing what we do. It's natural, right? I mean, we talk about it enough for it to not be weird."

Dead silence. We sort of stared at each other until we all nodded in mutual agreement. I couldn't believe this was happening. My cock was diamonds and aching to be freed and was very visible, but I didn't care. Then, Jackie leaned back and yanked off her yoga pants in one fell swoop. Karyn and I followed suit. In seconds we were all down to our underwear and bras. I had never seen them in less than swimsuits before. Jackie wore regular red and blue striped panties with a tight white sports bra, and Karyn was wearing much more revealing Victoria's Secret panties and bra. Both of their panties were quite wet and gave a nice outline of what lay below, much to my enjoyment. 

Karyn was the first one to get going. She slipped her fingers under her panties and began to move them in circles. Her breathing was heavy and her face was turning red and sweaty. Jackie followed suit but quickly decided that she was too warm. She paused and took a moment to strip fully nude. Both of us had an unobstructed view of her perky B-cup tits with their brown nipples and her shaven pussy that she started to rub furiously. The other two of us did the same, and I was treated to Karyn's very large areolae on her tits, which were slightly larger than Jackie's, and cute pussy with a strip of hair above it. Jackie rubbed her clit in slow, methodical circles and shoved her fingers in and out of the depths between her legs. I had never been so turned on. My cock was moving through my hands quickly, leaking precum onto my lap. The room smelled of sex and sounded of skin rubbing, flesh squishing, and us moaning.

Karyn was looking directly at me. "Nice one you got there. What is it, 6 inches?"

That question and compliment took me a bit aback, but I figured it wasn't too out of the ordinary, especially considering out current state

"Yeah, hovering around 5.5 last time I checked," I replied through my labored breaths. I was no pornstar, but I could get by with my equipment. 

We weren't reading stories or watching porn. We were watching each other and getting off to it. Of course, we were supposedly "no strings attached," but our very actions implied that were attracted to each other's' bodies and were getting off to them. Jackie began to moan and pant heavier and turn red. Her juices had leaked down the chair and pooled on the tile floor below. Good thing the chair was plastic. She was fucking herself hard with her pointer and middle finger, moaning loudly with each thrust, and her ass jiggled with each motion. Her eyes closed and she suddenly seized up, began to quiver, and let out a series of loud groans and cries. She sat back in the chair, fully satisfied. This had pushed me closer to the edge, with my head turning purple, and my precum flowing more heavily. Karyn was getting close, beginning to up the intensity of her finger-fucking. She looked at my ready-to-explode cock with deep desire, and then said something that I never expected in a million years:

"Joel, cum on my tits. Please. Do this for me."

She hopped off the bed and laid herself right under me at the base of the bean bag. We were going at ourselves furiously and were so close. I had another idea right then to fulfill a fantasy of mine. 

"Let me fuck your tits."

Without saying a word, Karyn sat up and leaned between my legs. She turned around and spoke to Jackie, who was stretched out in the chair in a state of post-orgasm bliss.

"J, if you want some, come over here now."

Karyn squeezed a pump of lotion between her silky tits and wrapped them around my cock. She moved her tits up and down while I thrusted to meet her, and she masturbated with the other hand. I reached down and kneaded her ass in my hand. Jackie then crept up beside and stuck her hand between Karyn's thighs. I never took her as possibly bi, too, but that was the last thing that was on my mind. Jackie was leaning over and licking the tip of my cock as it broke through Karyn's cleavage. It was too much, and I was at the point of no return. I released an animalistic groan from deep within and exploded all over her chest. She became my canvas. Ropes of cum sprayed her chin and sternum and ended up landing in her hair, and a little dribbled onto her pussy. Some of it got into Jackie's mouth. About 10 seconds later, Karyn emitted a high-pitch cry, tensed, and collapsed. Karyn raised herself up and unexpectedly kissed me passionately. When she broke, she did the same to Jackie, as did I. A bit of my own cum was smattered on my chin and right cheek, and some had dripped onto Jackie's thighs. After this. we all laid down on the floor, exasperated, and eventually got up to clean ourselves. 

"That was seriously amazing," Karyn said. "This might have to become more than a one-time thing."

Jackie and I agreed wholeheartedly with her. After washing up, we sat on my bed, naked, and watched Pulp Fiction on my TV. As fun and relieving as this session with my friends was, I knew that it would only escalate from here. When I moved my eyes from the screen, the two girls were hungrily eyeing my cock.

TO BE CONTINUED...