 She stooped, her slim legs folding gracefully to the side as she balanced on the toes of her shoes and picked up the matches with delicate fingers. She stood, first smoothing the folds in her black cocktail dress and then extended her hand to return the small box.

"I hope I didn't bump you," she said.

"Not at all. But I couldn't be happier that you picked them up. I'm Tom."

"I'm Michele." She extended her hand again for a delightful little handshake.

The bar was beginning to get crowded but there was an empty stool next to mine. I gestured to it. "Won't you sit down?" I invited.

"Yes, I'd like to." She lifted herself onto the high seat and as she did she placed left hand on the edge of the bar to steady herself. Her diamond ring and wedding band were the only things I could see for a moment.

"Damn," I thought to myself. "This girl is fantastic. It would be my luck she's married." And fantastic she was: a petite frame but with just enough curves, a sweet round little ass and firm, round breasts. I could just make out a hint of the nipples that topped them through the black fabric. She was remarkably pretty. Her short, dark curls were accented by deep red lipstick and long eyelashes over intelligent brown eyes.

We ordered fresh drinks and chatted for what seemed like hours. "What do you do?" "Where did you grow up?" "Do you ski?" "Oh, really where do you go?" And, finally, I worked up the nerve to ask her, "Where is your husband tonight?"

"Oh, he had to entertain some clients. We said we'd meet here after he put them to bed. We used to come here in our single days, but there aren't too many faces I recognize."

"It's funny you say that because there is hardly anyone I know here tonight either -- and I still come here a lot." I was formulating the next clever thing to say when a man stepped out of the growing crowd and in behind Michele's chair. He put his hands on her shoulders. She looked up and smiled.

"Oh, we were just talking about you," she said. "This is Tom. Tom has been keeping me company while you were out running around with those dull clients of yours. Tom, this is my husband, George."

He extended his hand for me to shake. It was almost as big as Michele was tiny. He was a sizable person and had to have been a football player or a marine or something. A little over six feet, he must have weighed in at two-ten or so. He looked like he could have lifted her up sitting in the palm of his hand. But he was a fairly handsome guy with neatly trimmed mustache and beard. "Pleased to meet you, Tom," he said quietly.

He turned and said something to Michele but I couldn't make it out. She responded and they left me behind in the loud background of the bar which was growing ever more crowded.

Michele turned and spoke to me again. "George doesn't feel much like staying here so I think we're going to head back to our place. I wouldn't want to leave you here all by yourself. Would you like to come and have drink with us?"

I couldn't imagine that anything was about to happen but there was certainly nothing happening for me elsewhere in the bar that night so I agreed. How could I pass up an invitation to talk to this delicious little creature for a while longer, even if it was going nowhere?

I followed them home to nicely appointed townhouse a few miles from the club and took up the offered place on the sofa. Michele sat down at the other end, curling up her legs underneath her again. George made drinks at the bar. She picked up her small talk again without missing a beat, filling George in on my personal history that he had missed earlier. Between sentences and sips of wine, she would reposition herself on the sofa, each time her dress move up a millimeter higher on her thigh finally revealing the bottom of the dark band at the top of her stockings that ended on those perfect thighs. I could only imagine what lacey trim was still hidden.

As I was lost in my wonderings about Michele's lingerie, George had gotten up to refill our glasses and left the room without remark, ice bucket in hand. As I heard the rattle of ice cubes coming from the kitchen, a fascinating and most unexpected thing happened. Michele raised herself up on her knees and extending herself towards me on the couch, looked me in the eyes momentarily, smiled and kissed me softly on the mouth! I was in shock and heaven and fear for my life all at the same time. What if George had returned before she retracted to her end of the couch? I could hardly look in George's direction when he placed my refilled drink on the table next to me for fear he would know by the look on my face. I looked instead at Michele who only smiled back with a little mischievous gleam in her eye.

I realize now that George knew what was coming next though I had no idea for he uttered possibly the second thing he'd said all night, "You'll have to excuse me for a minute."

No sooner had he left the room than Michele was back at my end this time with her arms draped around my neck, tasting my lips, finally enticing me to mingle tongues with her briefly. At this, I pushed her away which only seemed to amuse her.

"Look," I said, "I'm a little confused here. That is your husband in the other room, isn't it? The guy who looks like he could tie me in a knot if he wanted to? You're going to have to tell me what I'm missing here."

She wiggled her way back to me on the couch, this time curling up with her knees hovering over my lap and running her finger down my chest. "The truth is", she began, "I spotted you at the bar -- before you dropped your matches -- and I decided I wanted you to come home with us. Don't worry about George. You see, he likes to watch. Does that bother you at all?"

My head was spinning so fast I didn't know what to think. I wanted to have this girl so bad I could taste her already but I wasn't sure if I was ready to do this in front of George.

"Maybe you need a little more convincing," she said, and kissed me deeply, our tongues swirling around one another. I felt her hand slide down my belly and under my belt. When her fingers found my cock, even through my boxers, I knew there was no going back -- George or no George.

She turned her attention to my trousers, undoing my belt and sliding down the fly. She pulled down the waistband on my boxers and extracted my already hardening dick. With a deep breath, she took my member all the way in to her mouth swirling her tongue around it as she pulled her head back until only the head remained inside her. She plunged her head down again and repeated this exquisite treatment four or five deliciously slow times until my dick was nearly as hard as it gets -- and until I noticed George standing in the kitchen archway holding his drink with the subtle suggestion of a smile on his face.

I jostled Michele so that she would know he was there and she released me from her oral ministrations. She looked at George and, holding my cock in her hand, said, "I picked him out just for you, dear. His cock is delicious." She went down on me one more time while looking at George and, releasing me finally, said, "Why don't we move this party upstairs?" She jumped up from the couch and took me by the hand. I was obliged to hold up my trousers with the other as she nearly pulled me to me my feet and toward the staircase. I hobbled along in tow as she giggled at my predicament. George followed us in a leisurely way, like a shadow a little too far behind.

The bedroom was spacious with a very comfortable looking king size bed with about a thousand pillows on it. Michele motioned for me to sit on the edge of the bed while she lit a dozen or so candles spaced around the room. I was surprised how bright the resulting light was but it heightened the mood perfectly. While I was watching Michele perform this task, George had come in and seated himself in a deep arm chair in a bit of an alcove. He was in shadows there and it was hard to make out his face. This was just fine with me -- it made it that much easier to forget he was there.

When Michele returned to the bed side, she stood in front of me. She looked at me teasingly, and said, "I know this is a little uncomfortable for you now but I think you'll be glad you stayed." Placing her hands lightly on my shoulders, she kissed me again. As our tongues swirled together again, her hands began moving down slowly in search of shirt buttons. She kissed her way down my chest and, as I leaned back on my elbows, she slid my trousers and boxers from under my ass, slowly working them down my legs as her mouth found my cock again.

This time she pulled her cheeks and tongue tight around the shaft and began a short, quick, in and out motion. Grasping the base of cock, she pulled away momentarily and looked me straight in the eyes. Without breaking eye contact, she took me back in her mouth this time swirling her tongue around the shaft and then over the head and back down. With each pass she was taking me deeper and I could feel myself sliding into the tightness of her throat. And then I was in. Her lips were around the base of my cock and her eyes were still locked on mine with a naughty glint. They seemed to be laughing at me and saying, "You're mine now..." I sat there on the edge of the bed getting the blowjob of my life and I still wasn't entirely sure that the whole thing was really happening.

She pulled back releasing my cock from her mouth and I took her hands in mine and helped her stand. I shed my shirt and kissed her deeply again as I reached around to pull the zipper down the back of her dress. As I pulled it from her shoulders and encouraged it to drop to the floor, I rewarded with the sight I'd been waiting for. Those perfect curves of fair skin highlighted with black lace in all the right places.

"Do you like what you see?" she whispered breathily in my ear.

"Are you kidding? You're beautiful. Beautiful and fantastic... I can't believe this is happening!" I lifted her from the floor and laid her gently along the edge of the bed. I kissed her neck and down to the lace edge of her bra. Slowly pulling it away, I drew her nipple into my mouth. "Oh, yes!" she sighed, inhaling sharply and arching her back. I lingered here, caressing and pinching, sucking and nibbling as my hand found its way inside the matching black lace panties covering her pussy. My tongue meandered down her belly as I slid my hands behind and, gently lifting her ass from the bed, peeled her panties over her hips, revealing a precise triangle of downy black hair. I could stand it no longer and, parting the lips gently with the fingers of both hands, attacked her clit with my tongue. She sighed again and grabbed my head saying, "Oh yes, just like that! Suck on my little clit!"

Meanwhile, I guess we had been giving George quite a show. Michele's legs were spread wide I his direction while I leaned in to give a tongue bath that I could only hope lived up to the head she was capable of giving. After some time, pulling and squeezing her own little tits while I ate her delicious pussy, she reached for me again and as I straddled her head she pulled me down so that my dick disappeared into her mouth once again. After getting a firm suction on my cock, she wrapped her legs around my head and rolled on top of me. She turned us slightly so that, while George still had a prime seat for observing me licking his wife's pussy, he could also see what she was doing to my dick.

I almost came out of surprise when I felt her lips tickle the skin around the base of my cock again. She held it for several seconds and then released me quickly taking a deep breath. This was so amazing to watch and feel that I stopped what I was doing to her pussy to watch as she did this repeatedly each time with more urgency and more stringy globs of slippery saliva connecting her mouth to my dick.

While still stroking my cock in her hand, she looked backed at me and said, "Stick your tongue in my ass! I love getting my ass rimmed!" She pulled her knees up under her and there I was face to face with little brown asshole. I wasted no time grabbing one cheek in each hand and lathering her sphincter with my tongue. As my dick slid down her throat yet again I pulled her down tight to me and pushed my tongue against her ass as hard as I could. As she relaxed, the tip of my tongue was able to part the outer ring of her anus and as I explored enthusiastically I could feel the firm barrier of her sphincter. She ground her ass back into my face and released my dick from her mouth.

"Yes, that's it! Fuck me with your tongue like that! Ahhhh!" Until this point I thought she was going to be in total control of me all night, but here was something I could do to her that drove her wild and I was loving every minute of it. She raised herself up and sat back hard on my face, alternately pulling at her own breasts and playing with her clit as I tried hold her close enough that I could keep my tongue in her ass.

"Oh God, I love your tongue in my ass! Do you want to fuck me now, Tom? I'm ready for you to fuck me." She rolled off of me and I sat up and maneuvered myself between her legs. I was still aware that we were putting on our little show so I was careful to turn her spread legs once again toward George. But as I moved over her and touched her pussy with my cock, she said, "Not there, Tom. I want you in my ass. Would you like that? That's what George likes. George likes to see me getting my tight little asshole screwed. Don't you, George?"

"Holy shit," I thought to myself. "Good things like this do not happen to me."

"Whatever you want, Michele, I will do for you," I said now completely under her spell. I knelt next to her on the bed while she made a long reach for a tube of KY Jelly from the night stand. Leaning up on her elbows beside me, she squeezed out a big line right at the head of my cock and began to massage me with her hand. When I was thoroughly lubricated she laid down on her stomach with her ass at the edge of the bed and with her little toes pointing straight up.

"Why don't put some of that on me? I climbed down on to the floor, tube in hand, and knelt behind her. I pushed her ass cheeks apart farther and licked her asshole a little more while she sighed in delight and held onto her ankles to give me as much access as she could. I pulled my tongue away and squeezed out a glob of jelly on my finger. I smeared it over her hole in slow circles finally inserting first one finger then two to make sure that she was a slippery as I could make her.

"Mmmm, that feels so good!" she purred. "Use more fingers. Use all of them. Put all of your fingers in me!" I could hardly believe my ears but did my best to accommodate her. I worked up to three and pausing for more lube worked in two from each hand. She was grinding back at me now and breathing hard. Bunching up all of my digits and pushing gently back and forth, I slid my hand into her until I was almost up to my knuckles.

"Yes, that's it!" She ground her ass back into my hand trying to take me deeper. I pushed back trying to get them in as far as they would go and this made her grunt and push more in turn. This was amazing.

Finally she moved forward and I took that as my cue to let me fingers slide out of her ass.

"Are you ready to fuck me now, Tom?" she asked. "Do you want to fuck my ass with your cock? I'm ready for you." She dropped her face down on to the sheets and wiggled her ass high in the air. To make sure that George had the best possible view, I stood over her and slowly bent down at the knees until my dick was touching her ass. Without changing speed, I slowly pushed past the outer ring and in one long, smooth stroke buried my cock in her ass.

She sighed and wiggled a bit underneath me. I took that as the go ahead and started sliding in and out of her, not hard or quickly but all the way in and all the way back out.

"Yes! Just like that! Long slow strokes! Oh, George, I love this! Do you like what he's doing to me? Fuck me just like this, Tom!" And that I did, long and slow, over and over. It was exquisite like a soft, hot glove enveloping my dick giving me merciless pleasure. My trancelike pleasure was interrupted by Michele.

"Push it all the way in and just hold it there now. As deep as you can. Now I have a surprise for you." And with my cock all the way in her ass, she maneuvered our way off of the bed and stood with her back to me. I had to squat down a bit to keep from pulling out. "Now follow me," she said, "and don't let your dick out of my ass. Keep it in as far as you can."

And with that she began to lower us to the ground until she could kneel. She got down on all fours on front of me and I found myself on my knees as well. I pulled her hips toward so that I could obey her command as best as I could and it then I realized that we were crawling towards George. 

When all of this began, there was no way I would have agreed to George being anything but a spectator but now I was beyond caring. I actually couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.

We slowly crossed the carpet to the dark corner where George was sitting and I could see now that he had a twisted look of lust on his face where there had been so little expression to read before and that he was stroking the outside of his pants slowly up and down.

"Is this what you like, baby?" Michele asked him as she approached submissively. "I've got Tom's cock as far as it will go inside my ass. Does that make you hot? Are you going to show it to us? Am I making it hard yet?"

As we arrived in front of his chair, George shifted his hips down towards the edge of the chair and Michele, still squeezing my dick in her tight little behind, reached up to undo his belt. As she peeled apart the fabric of trousers, she turned to look at me and said, "Now for your little surprise! Don't you dare cum yet!" And with a tug, George pants slid down over his raised ass and I found myself staring at the biggest cock I had ever seen -- even in pictures. It was eleven inches long and thick, rippling with veins that ran up and down its length. It was so perfectly straight, it could have been a sculpture. It was simply a magnificent cock, even to me, and I had never been remotely tempted by other men before.

"Oh my God... it's huge!" I exclaimed. I suddenly felt small and rather inadequate staring at that purple monster fully engorged even though my own is slightly larger than average.

"Isn't it exquisite?" asked Michele. "I love George's cock. I love to suck it but mostly I love it in my ass."

"You can't be serious! You can't take that inside your ass!" At this they both laughed softly. "You'll see,' said Michele, "what I can and can't do!"

With that she turned her attention to the giant prick in front of her face and began to lick it vigorously from top to bottom, making it shiny with her saliva. George's lips began to curl up ever so slightly in a wicked little smirk and Michele lifted her head up to the end of the shaft and took the head inside her mouth. It looked like that was all she would get in at first. But slowly a little bit at a time more of the colossal cock began to disappear into her mouth. After an age, she had consumed what looked to be about half of the monster and her throat muscles twitched and she expelled the dick from her mouth gagging and spitting. Almost as soon as she caught her breath, she went after it again this time getting an inch more than before.

Now she remembered me though I was watching in what was complete and total amazement. "Fuck me hard now. I want you fuck me as hard as you can. Fuck me 'till you cum." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. But she turned straight back to that big cock and popped it back in her mouth. I took a deep breath and started stroking in and out of her ass as hard as I could slamming back in the full length of my shaft. And then I saw something I've never even imagined. George had grasped her head firmly in his head and was working her throat down farther and farther on the shaft of his enormous cock. Although she was gagging occasionally ever more seemed to disappear between her lips. She had a firm grasp on his ass and seemed to pulling as hard as he was pushing to get as much of it down her throat before she ran out of capacity. I could even see her throat beginning to bulge from the size of his dick. It was the most incredibly dirty, erotic scene I'd ever witnessed. Finally, she pulled her mouth away from the giant dick gasping for breath leaving it coated in saliva. Between gasps, she begged me to keep fucking her ass but I knew I couldn't last now. As she went down again with George's hands pushing that thing farther into her mouth, I let go. I must have sent a gallon of cum into her ass -- more cum than I knew I was capable of producing. I gave a final grunt and collapsed across her back.
