 She had been extensively modified over the past couple of years, specifically for sex. Her appearance had been enhanced and altered for the specific purpose of stimulating men to respond instantly to her: she had essentially been redesigned to make all men want to fuck her. She had also been changed in ways that made her different to fuck. The entire effect was quite irresistible to heterosexual men, and made many a gay man reconsider. And she had no use for women: they had no cocks, no cum for her.

When she was in full battle dress, men gulped with discomfort at their own reaction to her. Her knee-length hair was worn in a tight braid, secured tightly with leather woven from the bottom up to her neck so that no stray hair would get in the way or be a nuisance to her while she worked. Cum either soaked in or fell off, but did not stick her hair down anywhere that might get pulled or jerked. She wore no make-up. She didn't need it, and it tended to smear anyway. Her mouth and throat had been changed, and it was the first thing men usually noticed. She had five heavy 10-guage labrets arranged evenly along her bottom lip, quite noticeable to a cockshaft as it slid in. Her tongue was pierced twice, the back holding an 8-guage stud fitted with a 3/8" ball, the front with an 8-gauge ring. To the front ring was attached a 2" length of silver chain, that either dangled free while working a cock, or was attached to the small 10-gauge ring she wore in her nasal septum piercing for keeping. The arrangement was not conducive to conversation, but she talked with her throat under these circumstances.

More modifications of a radical nature had been performed further back. Her back molars had been pulled, the lingual cusps of her remaining molars and premolars had been smoothed down, and her uvula had removed. This allowed her to slamthroat the biggest of cocks, a challenge she had met on several occasions, once with two black porn stars on a trip to Las Vegas, who were suitably impressed when she did it first time on both, one after the other with no warmup. If slamthroating was the goal, the chain and front ring were removed, since they slowed things down and got in the way, but she was quite effective even with them in. The visual impression made by the chain dangling down her chin between his balls with her nose against his belly, coupled with the pressure on the urethra from the tongueball and ring, usually resulted in a quick load of cum in the throat. Quick was good in mass-cock situations; more loads in a shorter period of time meant a greater chance of getting "The Prize", a full feeling in the belly that can only be produced by a sufficient quantity of cum.

Around her neck she wore a silver torque, the Collar of Belonging. It was delicate and nice enough that it was worn even when not fucking, but anyone touching it was made aware that the only thing available to them was the temporary use of her throat, and cunt, for her pleasure primarily. It matched the wrist and knee bracelets, and the silver rings worn on all her fingers, thumbs, and toes. Her labia were heavy with silver rings, and her asshole was plugged with a light, short metal buttplug with a slim shaft, more of an actual plug than a stretcher. The purpose was to bar "accidental"entrance, and to have metal in contact with anything a cock would touch – her signature sexual trademark. 

Her breasts had been enlarged to the extent that her natural curves were enhanced to the point of such striking notice that it was virtually impossible to ignore her when she walked into a room. Fat transplants, collagen injections, and vacuum treatments had been used on her already lovely breasts, since no implant could possible stand up to the rough use that hers received daily. Her nipples had been tattooed almost black, so that they showed through even dark clothing, and her usually erect nipples were pierced, and adorned with a variety of jewelry. While her nipples were healing, she discovered that she liked them a little sore – they were more easily stimulated by the fabric of her top that way – so she would often play-pierce them weekly to keep the sore and swollen and erect. 

Her pussy had been stretched over a period of months by repeated training with conical steel stretchers and a very talented episiotomy, to the extent that no cock on the planet would not fit loosely in up top the balls. If her desire was a tighter fit with a smaller cock, she adjusted the gape with balls of varying sizes. She normally wore one or more balls inside her pussy all the time, to provide a pleasant pressure and maintain the size she had worked for. She had had many men's hands all the way up to the wrist in her cunt, a thing she enjoyed almost more than a cock. Her pubic hair had been permanently removed, and the external appearance of her pussy was striking – a longer than normal gash that was usually wet with her own juice or the remnants of a recent ejaculation. Repeated, precisely timed testosterone treatment had swollen her clit to the point that any contact with her pussy brushed it, and it was thoroughly available to the friction and impact of fucking. Even from the rear a man's balls would occasionally swing into it with particularly hard thrusting, adding to the sensation of the inside balls being pressed into her g-spot by the cockshaft. Estrogen had also been administered, for breasts, skin, and emphasis of her other feminine aspects. It may have been what made the makeup unnecessary.

Her asshole, normally available only to He to whom she belonged, would sometimes be granted to others. She enjoyed especially intense orgasms from an assfucking, and her looseness here, produced by stretching similar to that which had stretched out her cunt (without the episiotomy), made even the hardest cockpounding painless. In circumstances where her asshole was not permitted to other men, her comfortable buttplug closed it, and provided her with additional stimulation as it massaged her from another direction while being stroked. When use of her asshole was planned and permitted, she cleaned herself out with enemas, and for important occasions such as a multiple partner filming – a thing that had occurred a couple of amazing times – a juice only diet for 36 hours. She always prepared with a quick mineral oil enema just before assfucking, which left her damp in both holes and produced a nice little cum itself. 

When they went out to play, she was dressed in a short skirt, with silver chains hung from a band around here waist down to both knee bracelets. She had hung them from her labia once, but it became obvious that the danger of that outweighed the aesthetic appeal, and besides, no one could tell from where they were hung and most people – for one reason or another – assumed the labia. She wore two musical steel balls in her pussy, which produced a muffled kind of music box effect as she walked, very difficult for most people to identify. A tight white top covered her with a stunningly brazen sexual effect, pierced, dark nipples visible and curves screaming to be fucked. She wore black 3" platforms that allowed her to squat down in a comfortable position while she worked with her throat. Her braid confined with the leather made her look like she was ready for work, and indeed she was. She often left a bit of cum to dry on her face and throat, as confirmation to anyone with the balls enough to look closely. 

On this particular trip, the cum had been provided by two truckers, one stopped at the porn store on the way to Dallas, and one at a convenience store outside of Decatur. Both were quick blowjobs with most of the cum swallowed after the initial spurt had hit her face. Both times she had spotted the guys, gotten out of the car and asked if she could taste them, finished them in just a couple of minutes with her parking-lot style of blowjob – a way of stroking the shaft that maximized tongue-tool contact, labret friction, and vacuum, applied rapidly over the full length of the shaft – designed to produce the fastest cum, and had run back to the car smiling with cum on her face. 

They got to Dallas and checked into the usual motel, a nicer but inexpensive place that had the bonus of being usually busy, and therefore easy to score a warmup blowjob in if the trip down had been uneventful. He liked her to have a couple of loads in her belly before they even left the hotel, since such warmup was important for performance and horniness. She hadn't eaten much in two days, which prepared her for messless anal sex and ensured that there was nothing in her belly to interfere with throatwork. But it did mean that she was hungry, and part of the fun was trying to satisfy that hunger with sex, and cum. The Prize was more precious when it satisfied two cravings at the same time.

She was always horny, always ready for cum, but he was only good for a couple of times and the point was to indulge her to the fullest extent possible. He had carefully cultivated her physical abilities and her wantonness, and these trips were necessary so that they could experience her anonymous sexual excesses together. She fucked many men at home, usually alone just with them while he worked, and as much as he liked her stories and the numbers she racked up, he liked to watch more. And the thought of her getting The Prize made him instantly hard any time he thought about it.

Tonight, the warmup had been obtained on the road, and he fucked her gaping, cleaned asshole as soon as they got to the room, using up one of his orgasms early. They showered and refreshed her oil enema, since tonight was a night that she was open in three holes, her having won a bet earlier in the week. She installed her pussy balls, tightened her hair braid, and placed her buttplug in snugly. It was made with a thin curved outside handle that rested easily between her asscheeks without spreading them. She had a long pull on the rye whiskey bottle before they left, hungry but not wanting anything in her stomach that might come up at the wrong time, and benefiting from the relaxation produced by the buzz. She very carefully put some of his cum – caught falling from her asshole – on her chin, leaving it there to dry as a sign for the astute observer.

Their first stop was the porn store closest to the hotel. All of them were about the same, fairly clean, with an attempt made to keep them that way, with individual rooms in the back for dropping coins in the projector vendor. There were always men, any time of day or night that looked at the female half of any couple in the store with a combination of hope and self-conscious aloofness. Some were presentable. 

They got five dollars worth of tokens and after walking through the store to show the customers the new product that had just arrived, headed back to the peep rooms. They walked down the dark hall to a room on the end, and went inside after looking back down the hall to see how many potential cumdonors had followed them. Two were standing at the corner of the hall, and eye contact sent the message that they might be lucky in the next few minutes. After closing the door, she sat down on the vinyl couch and checked her tongue chain and ball stud, and nodded at him that she was ready. A moan of anticipation escaped her lips, and a drop of spit fell from the end of the chain. He opened the door and let in the first guy of what had begun to be a line of three of four. The guy was about 30 in appearance, not particularly handsome but not too fat or too thin, and his cock was visibly hard through his pants. He closed the door behind the guy, and without a word being said she opened her mouth and laid her finger on her tongue while looking at his bulge. The cock was average, and her quick cum technique made him blow in about 3 minutes. Cum dripped down the chain as she showed her companion the thing he had brought her here to see. He had moaned while she easily swallowed his cock, and tried to say thanks and exchange names after she sucked him clean, but she shushed him with a finger to his lips and pointed at the door. He got the message and left without another word to either of them. The next guy was about 40, black and very well hung, judging by the length of the bulge down his pant leg. He was let in, and the same procedure was used, with her pointing at her tongue. She saw his length and decided to show him a dry slamthroat first, a thing which gets the immediate attention of most guys. His eyes went wide as her forehead collided with his belly and her tongue chain slapped him in the nuts. He only lasted 30 seconds before he shot a long, apparently pent-up load down her throat at the bottom of a thrust she held until he stopped jerking. It was a huge load, and it took him a while. None of that load was wasted dripping off the chain, and she laughed at his surprise, his volume, and his lack of control. 

He was shown the door and the next guy was let in, a tall college kid that immediately tried to talk way too much. She shushed him and her guardian explained the rules about talking. He was told that since he probably could, she would make him cum twice, letting him recover while she gobbled the next guy, if he would be absolutely quiet while he watched. He nodded in agreement, and whipped out a long, thinner than normal cock with a downward left curve. She positioned herself on the couch, grabbing his butt cheeks with each hand and feeding his cock down her throat. He moaned as he watched her swallow him to the balls, his cockshaft sliding across the labret-fitted lips, teeth wide enough apart to see her modified throat as she swallowed. He stared in amazement as he realized what she was, a woman who had changed herself for the express purpose of doing what she was doing to him now, and he shuddered with a quick cum before she had even pulled her throat away the first time. She let her throat relax around his cock, expertly breathing around the cock until she felt him soften a bit, and then pulled away with a pop and a rattle of chain as she vacuumed off him on the way up. He seemed like a nice kid, thankful to be in the presence of such a creature, and she motioned him into a corner so he could watch her with the next guy, and arranged herself for the next cock. 

The next guy, a 40ish white guy with a little belly but muscular legs and arms, raised an eyebrow at the kid in the corner, but agreed when it was explained that the kid would be here through the session, as an "intern". He had a bigger, thick cock, but it was no trouble for her, and she spent ten minutes showing him and the kid what she could do when she wasn't in a hurry. She alternated between swallowing it, rubbing the length of his urethra with the ball, playing with the chain on the end of the shaft and at the opening, slobbering on his balls and dragging the chain through his hair. He was close to cum three times, and each time she stopped and squeezed the base of his cock hard to calm him down, since she would not tolerate an early ejaculation if she had not made it happen intentionally. Finally, as he was getting to the end of his patience with the game, she jacked him off into her open mouth, collecting the cum for all three men to see, gargling it and rolling her tongue chain in it, and finally swallowing it all in not one but three gulps, drinking it like a mouthful of water.

The older guy left, spent and walking slowly, and she turned her attention back to the waiting kid in the corner, cock already harder and longer than it was the first time, hard like it was stretching the skin to its limit. He walked slowly back to the couch, and she wet his cock thoroughly and lay back on the couch, pulling her pussy open for him. He slipped his curved long shaft into her cunt, and gasped again as he felt the warm steel balls yield to his cock as he slid it in. The slick sides of her cuntwalls made an ecstatic counterpoint to the hard balls, as they rubbed the bottom of his shaft and pushed down into her experienced pussy. She knew just how the work the balls against his cock, and directed his thrusts to make her cum quickly, twice within a few seconds. She continued to fuck him while searching the room for her companion's eyes. She found them and he approached the fucking couple on the couch. His cock was out and hard, and she took it in her mouth across the arm of the couch, letting him throatfuck her as she fucked the kid back with the balls in her pussy. She came again, this time four times in a couple of minutes, and then pulled her throat off his cock to better experience the hard fucking now being delivered to her pussy. After a couple of minutes, she reached down to the base of his cock and pulled him out, stood up and turned around, arranged the balls inside so that they would lay on the belly side of her pussy. She laid him down on the couch under her and slid his cock back in, this time on top of the balls. His cock was pressed between the balls and her buttplug, which he had tactfully ignored. Now she motioned her lover over, reached around and pulled out her buttplug with a quiet pop, and motioned him in. His hard, throbbing cock slid into her oiled asshole easily, and she came instantly. They both fucked her this way, very hard, making way too much noise, until the kid on the bottom started to cum. As though it had been rehearsed, he pulled out of her asshole and she stuffed the spurting cock on the bottom into her ass, collecting her second load of asscum in an hour. A third followed immediately as her lover fucked her through the kid's cum to his own second orgasm. She squeezed her trained asshole tight to hold in the cum until she could get her buttplug back in, it now functioning in its capacity as cork. If she left it in long enough, it just seemed to go away. Her total was 8 so far for the day, and they were just getting started. 

Some level of attention had been attracted by the flurry of activity in the room, and it was time to relocate before trouble started. They shooed the kid out the door, after obtaining his phone number for future reference (he had been quite good), and made themselves presentable for the dash to the car. Pushing quickly through the pawing men in the hallway, he showed her out the door to the car, with no significant problems and no annoying followers. They got a drink at a Sonic, brought out to the car by an appreciative teenage kid who was treated to a long look at her metal-encrusted pussy as a tip. They went to two other porn stores, accumulating another seven loads of cum – two in the ass and five swallowed. Her enthusiasm was growing as she sensed the building momentum of the evening out. She was in control, of her throat and asshole and pussy, and all the men she had inside them.

About 1am they arrived at the ultimate destination for the evening, a porn theatre with a couples area that also allowed single men inside. It was a large dark room that needed a cleaning, with seats arranged in rows and a center isle. There was a large area along the back of the room, a standing area for couples and lurking single males that served as a standing orgy space.

They paid the cover, her brazenness causing quite a stir at the front desk. All the help were straining to see her as they walked upstairs and were buzzed in at the "couples only" door. As they entered the upstairs area, she allowed her tongue chain to hang out of her mouth, a difficult thing to watch and maintain a soft cock. The effect on the patrons was dramatic. The chain hung down to her chin, the five labrets in her lower lip adding to the effect. The chains from under her skirt to her knee bracelets swayed as she walked/strutted down the hall, her long braid swishing against her ass and her obviously darkened and pierced nipples straining the thin fabric of her top. Metal clinked softly as she walked, from her balls in her pussy, the chains, the rings and labrets and bracelets, as if she were a sexual device, a creature designed specifically to fuck, and fuck well. They walked down the hall to the main theatre, private rooms on either side with doors open in invitation. Men stared as they paraded down the hall, from inside the rooms and as they stood with their women, planning their approach to this new and interesting addition to the circus. 
