 She could hear the twang of a steel guitar coming out of the truck at the next pump as she jumped from the cab of Dwight's truck to the ground. "Now I'm a branded man, out in the cold," sang Merle Haggard. Top 40 country was square, but she liked the sound of his voice. Low, plaintive, with a growl. Umm, she liked that. The desert wind blew across her thin miniskirt and lifted the hem to her upper thigh. She shivered. 

Keeping the trucks between her and the truck stop diner, she walked toward the highway, making sure Dwight saw her leave. He'd given her a ride out of Texas, for a blowjob, but told her this was the end of the line, he had a waitress at the Triple T who was jealous of hippie chicks. He'd enjoyed the blowjob, clearly, but he liked women with bigger butts than Victoria and apparently his waitress was ample in that regard. 

But Victoria had other ideas. She wanted dick and she wanted it now, if not sooner. She could take her chances at the truck stop but she'd already seen and tasted Dwight's package and wanted his thick cock up her cunt. Unconsciously she rubbed her pubis through her skirt. Having discarded her panties in the cab of the truck, it was even easier to tell that her juices were flowing.

A truck was pulling out of the lot and headed for the highway, but she deliberately held her thumb back, not wanting a ride just yet. When she saw Dwight pull his rig around to the parking area, she headed over to some rocks overlooking the lot. Red neon lights flashed T-T-T in a dull and rhythmic pattern. Too bad she was already back to earth, those would be far out lights to trip to. It had only been a half tab of acid near Merkle. But she took a couple of hits off a roach she had in her purse, and waited. For what, she wasn't sure, but that was OK.

She's... leaving... home... bye... bye... The lyrics from the new Beatles song played in her mind. Was Dwight the man from the motor trade? Suddenly she had the thought that her mom would be going insane right about now. Up until this point Victoria had been pretty out of it, stoned, tripping, thrilling to the speed, the wind, the adventure, the sex... Now she had a little time to think. She should have left a note. Sure, her mom was all wrapped up in her new jerky husband, and getting it regularly. She could hear them try to be quiet while they got it on but then it would get too quiet. There would be some kind of rhythmic thing, either a squeak, or the slight bump of the bed against the wall, nothing really loud but strikingly rhythmic. Then the tempo would speed up, slowly at first then faster and faster and then... nothing. Silence. Followed by a low moan of satisfaction, kind of like after a good meal but from some place deeper. She hated to hear that but then again it kind of turned her on in a way. Maybe they were fucking right now and hadn't even noticed she had run away. Victoria decided to wait until the morning to call. 

Okay, time to check out the diner and see what the night had in store for her. She had no idea how much time had passed but she was starting to get cold.

The diner was brightly lit and almost empty. She could see Dwight's back, sitting at the counter by himself looking down at a plate of something. He seemed to be staring at it. 

Glancing around she saw one booth with customers and a waitress pouring coffee, laughing. As Victoria looked at her, the waitress lifted her head and smiled directly at her, as if she had been called by name. It was a beautiful smile, and above it her eyes were bright with something that almost seemed to be joy. The joy of life, Victoria thought.

"Sit anywhere Hon," the waitress called over to her. At that Dwight turned around and saw her but said nothing. Victoria took a seat in a booth along the wall. Dwight turned back to his food. His head hung as if his best dog had died.

The waitress grabbed a coffee cup and headed over to Victoria's booth. Victoria couldn't take her eyes off her. There was something about the way she moved, slowly, deliberately, ample hips swaying, the steady open smile and bright eyes laughing. She was a large woman, thirtyish. Big hips. Thick calves. Sloping curves constrained in a short, form-fitting skirt as her waist gave way to two large, round boobs barely contained by her tight shirt. Her top two buttons were unbuttoned - or had they popped off under the strain? - and over her massive left boob was a white name tag with red letters: Dolores.

"What'll it be honey?" Dolores asked, smiling, pouring a cup of steaming black coffee.

"How much is bacon and eggs?" Victoria asked.

"Don't worry about that darling, he's paying for it," she said, jerking her head over toward Dwight. "In more ways than one." Dolores let out a deep infectious laugh and Victoria couldn't help but join her. She liked this woman, and she felt safe, for the first time since she'd left home, maybe for the first time in a long time before that.

The plan had worked out the way Victoria had envisioned it, sort of. Apparently Dwight had reached into the pocket of his windbreaker for some cigs and pulled out her panties in front of Dolores, thinking it was a handkerchief. Dolores poured a glass of ice water on his crotch and stormed off, ignoring his entreaties. And then she had put two and two together when Victoria walked in. By that time she had cooled off and found some humor in the situation. It was 1967 after all, the Summer of Love, even in a redneck truck stop. If it feels good, do it.

"Dwight, get your skinny ass over here and buy this girl supper. I'm sure she needs a meal right about now after that little snack she probably had in that lonesome rig of yours." She winked at Victoria. Victoria held her eyes, sipping her coffee.

"Shit Dolores, I can't help it if I'm a soft touch for somebody who needs a ride. You know that," Dwight offered, sliding into the seat across from Victoria. "Dolores, this is Victoria... Victoria, Dolores." The women nodded, now having been officially introduced.

"Vick, do you have a place to stay here in Tucson?" Dolores asked. "I think I probably know the answer to that."

"No ma'am I don't. I was planning to just keep hitching tonight," Victoria said, and it was true, that had been her Plan C.

"No, you need to sleep in a real bed tonight, you can stay with me. I've got a trailer over on the north side of this place," Dolores said, as Dwight shifted in his seat, his eyes pleading with Dolores to reconsider.

"Dolores, honey, I was thinking... I was hoping... we could catch up tonight, you know," Dwight stumbled, but Dolores cut him off.

"Slow down there cowboy, you need to dry that pecker off anyway," she said, but with a smile. "There's room if you want to sleep on the couch though." Dwight's head hung down again as it had at the counter. He was silent.

"But you never know, us girls might not be tired just right away, what with the coffee and all. Let's see what happens," Dolores said, smiling at them both. Her eyes said the rest.

They fucked all night long. 

The clothes started coming off as soon as they stepped into the double wide. First they stripped Dwight, slowly. Dolores unsnapped his plaid western shirt, snap, snap, snap, snap. Then she ran her had up inside his white t-shirt, rubbing his hairy chest around and around, then pulling it off over his head, tangling his thick, curly hair. She smiled at Victoria and pointed down below with her eyes. Victoria dropped down to her knees in front of him and slowly unbuckled his belt. Then she unfastened the buttons on his old-fashioned button-up jeans. "Six chances to say no" Dolores laughed, and Victoria laughed too. Underneath she could see a bulge beginning to take shape in his tight white briefs. Tighty whities the girls had called them on sleepovers. Yes, these were tight and getting tighter. She could make out the head of his cock outlined under the straining fabric. She pulled his jeans down to his ankles in one motion, then leaned in and kissed the bulge. It practically jumped toward her lips. She looked up at Dolores, questioningly. Dolores met her gaze and nodded. Down came the briefs, liberating Dwight's manhood which bounced with joy.

Dolores gave Dwight a hard push and with his legs bound by his bunched up jeans around his ankles, he fell onto the bed with a thump. She pulled off his dusty battered cowboy boots, then his jeans, then his underwear. Dwight lay on the big queen sized bed naked but for his white socks, his dick pointing straight up toward the ceiling of the double wide.

Dwight was dumbstruck, and looked like a kid in a candy store. He was obviously trying hard to hide a shit-eating grin but not doing a good job of that. "Ladies, you are out of sight..." he began, and then Dolores put a hand over his mouth.

"Don't say a word you dumb fuck, be grateful for what you're about to receive," she said, laughingly but with an edge to it, Victoria thought. That was OK. Victoria had wanted cock tonight and it was looking real good like she would get it. Dwight had a blue steel hard-on and it looked like there was enough to go around.

"Why don't you give him a little kiss while I get comfortable?" Dolores said, beginning to unbutton her shirt. Victoria leaned over and gently kissed the head of his dick. It leapt as her lips made contact. She took his shaft in one hand and with her other hand cupped his balls, which his erection had drawn up tight and firm. Lightly brushing his balls with her fingers, she licked around the head of his cock, wetting it with her saliva. Then she began to take it into her mouth, first just the head a few times, then a little more, then a little more than that. He began to moan. She moaned too. It sort of sounded like the soup commercial when they would say, "mmm, mmm good," but with a mouth full of dick.

Meanwhile Dolores was stripping for Dwight. Removing her shirt revealed a skimpy black, lacey bra with her huge boobs bulging out of the tops. Holding his gaze with her eyes, Dolores reached back behind her to unfasten the hooks of her bra. She did this slowly and deliberately as Victoria continue to suck his cock in long, slow up and down motions. The bra unhooked, Dolores let it rest on her boobs, the straps hanging down. On its own accord the bra fell away, revealing two round, full, beautiful breasts the size of small cantaloupes. Two hard pink nipples poked out from the large circles of her areolas. Laughing, she gave her boobs a little bounce, then shook them side to side like a burlesque stripper.

Dolores was magnificent, Victoria thought. Yes, she was heavy, but she carried herself like a queen with a sexy confidence that Victoria had never witnessed before. Yes, this is my body, her movements seemed to say, it is awesome and wonderful and beautiful and if you're lucky you can look at it and maybe touch it. Dolores unhooked the button of her skirt and slid it over her round hips, revealing sheer black tights with no panties - her thick dark bush visible underneath. Turning around to show her butt, Dolores peeled the tights off, bending at the waist, and as she did so Victoria could see the outline of her pussy from the back... and she knew Dwight could too. In her mouth she felt his cock jump at the sight.

Completely naked now, Dolores climbed onto the bed and began licking Dwight's balls as Victoria continued to suck his cock. But each time Victoria came up to the top of his dick, she had to glance at Dolores. She'd never seen anyone or anything like her. She was like some kind of fertility goddess. Her skin was smooth and where it brushed against Victoria, soft. Her big boobs were round and firm. Her ample hips and butt were firm too. More than anything, she seemed strong, yet the soft curves spoke of tenderness and nurture. Victoria had never felt physical attraction for a woman before but she was feeling something toward Dolores that she couldn't explain to herself. She had no desire to touch her, at least that's what her brain was saying. But she couldn't take her eyes off her.

Dolores moved up and began kissing Dwight on the lips, hard and deep. Dwight let out a moan of pleasure from this, a moan different from the ones escaping him as Victoria went down on him. "Wow," Victoria thought, feeling Dwight's dick throb with a new urgency. "Her kisses must be dynamite."

"I think you should climb up on that big cock and take a ride honey," Dolores said to Victoria. "I think you're going to like it. A lot."

Victoria stood up and lifted her miniskirt up and over head. With no bra and no panties, she was stripped. She could tell she was wet but she checked anyway. Yes. Drenched. She had never been so wet. Dolores reached over and took the hand Victoria had checked her pussy with, bringing it to Dwight's lips and thrusting Victoria's slick fingers into his mouth. As he tasted her juices Victoria pushed her fingers deeper into his mouth, as he had pushed his dick into her mouth when she first blew him in the truck. He sucked her fingers, hard, tasting her, drinking the thick honey off her fingers. 

Drawing her hand away, Victoria climbed onto his erect member, opening her pussy lips with her free hand, then slowly settling down onto it until she was resting on his tight balls. It felt so fucking good. She began to rise and fall on the dick, slowly, first all the way up until the head of his cock was almost out, then slowly back down, all the way, until she felt his pubic hair on the inside of her thighs. Her hips began to rock frontward and back at the same time her pussy lifted up and down. Almost a circular motion. Every time she came down she ground a little harder into the base of his cock, each time feeling a little more pressure on her clit - not enough to get off probably, but it felt tingly and warm to do it. She ground harder. She could feel his cock reaching up and into her, deeper and deeper with each of her bounces. He too was lifting his hips to thrust into her. She closed her eyes in ecstasy.

"My turn," Dolores said, glancing back at Victoria with a smile. Victoria didn't want to stop but climbed off, continuing to rub her clit vigorously. Dolores climbed onto Dwight's cock, shoving it deep inside her pussy, and began to rock back and forth with a grind that pulled groans of pleasure from Dwight. Dolores was moaning too. "Dwight, I love your fucking cock! Give me your big cock, shove it up me baby! Shove it up me, fill me with your hot cum!"

Dolores's tits were bouncing up and down as she rode Dwight's cock. Victoria wanted to grab them but couldn't bring herself to touch another woman. Then Dwight spoke up.

"Rub your tits together! I want to see those little titties up against those big titties!" he said, gaspingly. Dolores flashed a wicked grin to Victoria and stopped her humping to let Victoria climb onto Dwight's chest, her butt to his face, and position her boobs up against Dolores's. It felt so good. She could feel Dolores's nipples poking into her breasts, and then she could feel bumping as Dwight began to thrust upward into Dolores's pussy. She moved to the side a little so Dwight could see the spectacle. "Oh my god," he moaned, staring at the four breasts, two small ones being pummeled by two massive ones. 

Victoria felt an immense urge to take one of Dolores's breasts in her mouth and suck her nipple. Instead she turned and leaned over and began French kissing Dwight harder than she'd ever kissed anyone. She pushed her tongue down his throat and twirled it around and around, fucking his mouth with it. She could tell he wanted to come up for air but she didn't let him. He began to buck harder, almost as if he was in distress. Were they killing him? Victoria worried, and withdrew her lips from his. Just then he released a bellow from deep within his gut, louder than she'd ever heard anyone come before. "Awwwww fuck!" he yelled, then fell silent, panting. Dolores slowed her rocking down but continued to grind, as if she was milking the cum out of his dick with the muscles of her tight vagina. Which she was.

"Shit," Dwight said. "Shit. Fuck. Shit."

Dolores climbed off but his dick was still rock hard. It would not go down. Dolores sucked the last of his semen out then motioned for Victoria to get back on. As she did, Dolores lay down on the bed beside Dwight, on her back, and began rubbing her clit with her right hand. As Victoria watched, Dolores's hand rubbed harder and harder, faster and faster, and Dolores began to breathe harder, her breath coming out in short, sharp pants. Dolores's eyes were clinched shut, tightly, her big boobs undulating back and forth like waves on the ocean. 

"Oh fuck, I'm coming," Dolores moaned, then moaned over and over again, finally letting out a deepened scream even louder than Dwight's ejaculation. 

Victoria rolled off Dwight onto the other side of the bed, spreading her legs wide open. "Fuck me hard Dwight, fuck me, I want that dick inside me!" Victoria commanded. Dwight jumped up and plunged his cock deep into her pussy, then began to fuck her like a jackhammer. "Fuck me fuck me fuck me!" Victoria screamed, and felt something powerful building deep within her pussy. 

Dwight raised up on his knees and lifted Victoria's legs into the air, continuing to pound away. Victoria reached her right hand down and began to rub her clit while his dick thrust in and out. The warmth of pleasure between her legs was rising and growing stronger. "I'm coming! Fuck me fuck me fuck me, now," she cried, arching her back, her mouth frozen in mid-sentence. Dwight stopped thrusting and firmly pushed his hard cock in as far as it would go. "Aw fuck!" she screamed, as her pussy muscles clenched around his dick at the same time her legs wrapped around the back of his thighs and her hands grabbed his butt cheeks. She felt a spasm wrack her loins and he gave three hard stabbing thrusts, holding the last one deep inside her. 

She had never felt anything like it. Her body was wasted, limp, lifeless. Her pussy ached with wet, full, sticky pleasure. A deep sigh helped her catch her breath. In the quiet stillness she could feel her heart pounding, then only slowly subside back to something of a normal beat. But there was something else. Another stirring down below, hardly noticeable. But growing. Then, a little more. A small yearning deep within her pussy. She touched her clit and quivered, it was still sensitive. But then her fingers returned, gingerly, and began the up and down circuit again. Her fingers resumed their search, curling inward as they rubbed, as if summoning someone or something. 

She opened her eyes. Dwight had nodded off and Dolores was smiling at her.

"Go for it, honey," Dolores said. "You've got a lot of those that are overdue and need to come out." And with that the goddess rolled over on her side and began to breathe the slow steady breath of sleep. Victoria turned off the bedside lamp but the rising sunlight coming through the blinds illuminated the stunning curve of Dolores's soft shoulders, waist and hip. Between them lay a blissed out Dwight with his spent cock back to normal size, lying softly on his belly in a small pool of its own cum. 

Victoria took all this in and, in a few minutes, with the help of the fingers of her right hand, found the release again, and then again, and then again, before drifting off to a dreamless slumber.