 "I've decided. I want a triple blowjob for my birthday."

"What are you talking about?" She looked up from her book and gave me that "what are you babbling about now" look.

"You said I could have anything I wanted for my birthday. And I've decided that I want a triple blowjob," I told her.

She rolled her eyes. "And what exactly is a triple blowjob?"

"That's where three women are sucking me off at once. One on my cock, and one on each of my balls. All at the same time. It's got to be awesome!"

"I've never heard of such a thing," she said. "You're crazy."

"I just made it up. It's my birthday, after all."

"Well, you can forget about it," she said. And that was that.

For a while, anyway. But a week later, she surprised the shit out of me.

"You know that triple blowjob thing you were talking about? I've been thinking about it. I figure, why not?"

"You mean it, Jules? Baby, you're the best! Ummm... but, what made you change your mind?"

"Oh, nothing."

Now, ladies and gentleman, I know as well as the rest of you do that when a woman says "nothing," she does not mean "nothing." She means, "something, and you are so fucked." But, I must plead in my own behalf here, the very thought of the triple blowjob had all of my blood flowing to my crotch, and my brain did not have enough left to heed the warning signs. Instead, my fantasies started fluttering anew. "Cool! Now, who should we..."

"Oh, I've already taken care of that," she cut me off. "I have the other two participants already lined up."

"????" my eyebrows asked the question without my mouth getting involved.

"One of them will be my friend Sally."

"Sally? Your college friend Sally? She's a total slut! God only knows how many dicks have been in her mouth already."

"Don't you worry about that," she told me. "Your dick will be in my mouth. Sally will be on gonad duty."

"Okay," I said. "Who will be working on the other gonad?"

"Meghan," she said.

"Meghan? You mean my ex Meghan? That bitch?"

"Yes, your ex Meghan. I've already spoken to her. She's cool with it."

This made no sense at all. Meghan hated me. "Why would Meghan agree to it? She hates my guts."

"She's doing it for me. Stop worrying. Do you want your triple blowjob or not?"

Again, the blood abandoned my brain and flew south. I acquiesced. Stupid, stupid, stupid!

"Of course I do! Thanks, baby. You're the greatest."

For the next two weeks, I could think of nothing but the triple blowjob that I would be receiving on my birthday. I could barely concentrate at work, I couldn't read the paper or watch a ball game without my mind wandering, imagining three soft, sucking mouths wrapped around my genitals, sending me to a heaven of oral bliss. Julie had a smug look on her face the entire time, too. I couldn't tell if she was looking forward to it or not.

Finally, the day arrived. It was a Friday, and the participants had been told to be at our place at 7 pm. Meghan was the first to arrive, short and cuddly, with sassy brown hair.

"Hello, Danny," she said, biting off the words with barely concealed contempt.

"Hello, Meghan," I said. "How've you been?"

"As if you care, you cheating creep." So much for small talk. Why was she here, again? Fortunately, Julie dragged her into the kitchen to fix her a drink before it could get too ugly.

Next, Sally arrived, tall and slender, her long blonde hair flowing behind her. "Hi, Danny! Happy Birthday!" Sally had never met a man she didn't like. A lot. Julie usually did her best to keep her away from me. But now we were alone in the living room. "I can't wait to give you your present, birthday boy..." She traced one manicured finger under my chin.

"Sally! Get in here!" Julie shouted from the kitchen. I was alone again. These two chicks would not have been my first choice for my triple blowjob, but what the hell? They both knew how to suck, and that's really all that I cared about. And what were they taking so long about in the kitchen?

Actually, I soon found out that they had left the kitchen and gone into the bedroom, where they had shed their clothes and donned some of Julie's long silk robes. They padded out into the living room in their bare feet and all sat on the couch. I was in the easy chair, facing them. We all had cocktails in our hands.

"I want to thank you ladies for helping to make my birthday fantasy come true," I said.

"It sounds like fun!" said Sally. "I've been looking forward to it."

"I'm just here as a favor to Julie," said Meghan. "Don't get all weepy over it." 

We finished our drinks amid silence and nervous glances. Sally smiled. Meghan scowled. Julie maintained her smug smirk. Finally, Julie stood up and said, "Well, it's showtime." We all followed her into the bedroom.

The girls watched while I disrobed, throwing my clothes over the back of a chair. I felt a little uncomfortable stripping in front of them all, but I figured, what the heck. No need to get all prude about it at this point in the proceedings. The sheets were already turned down on our big king size bed. I laid myself out in the middle of it. My cock was already at half mast.

Julie nodded at Meghan, who took her place first. She dropped her robe to the floor, revealing her short, compact figure, all curves and pale, alabaster skin. She climbed up onto the foot of the bed, to my left, and started crawling forwards. When her head was even with my groin, she sprawled down onto her right side. She slid her hand up and down my thigh a few times, sending shivers and tingles up and down my spine. My cocked bobbed a few times, and reached higher toward the ceiling.

First with her fingertips, then with her nails, she slid her hand up and down my leg. The sensation, coupled with my growing anticipation, was incredible. Then she slid her hand down between my legs, and cupped my scrotum. She lightly fondled my balls, focusing on the left one, her designated target for the evening. I squirmed and moaned, my flagpole bobbing furiously.

Finally, Meghan looked directly into my eyes and pursed her lips into an obscene pout, then lowered her head toward my package. She slowly, lightly, tenderly traced the tip of her tongue along the surface of my scrotum, gently kneading it with a delicate pressure. She lifted my left ball up with her tongue, and let it drop back down. Then she sucked it up part way into her mouth, held it firmly with the suction, and waggled her head back and forth. The gentle tugging feeling was amazing. I had forgotten what a talented mouth she had! How had I ever let her get away? Oh yeah, I remembered. I'd cheated on her and she'd dumped my ass. Oops.

But now, she was working her magic on my left nut, and I was in heaven. She sucked, she nipped, she slurped. She knew just how much pressure to put on my gonad to send jolts of pleasure through my core. Oh man, this was going to be a night to remember! 

Finally, she let my ball pop out of her mouth, and reclined back onto her elbow. Julie nodded her head at Sally. Sally shrugged the robe off her shoulders, and it slid to the floor, revealing her tall, slender, tanned frame, her sleek hips, her high, proud breasts. I'd never seen Sally in the buff before. My cock showed its appreciation by growing a tad longer and redder.

Like Meghan before her, Sally climbed up onto the bed, but at my right side. She crawled up beside me, and planted her mouth onto my right nipple, sucking it into her mouth. Then she slid her hand up and down my abdomen, my thigh, and finally to my balls. Just like Meghan had done, she gently sucked my right nut into her talented mouth. Oh my God! Why had Julie kept us apart all these years? Sally had moves I've never felt, never even heard of, before! She held my ball in her lips and painted the alphabet on it with her tongue inside her mouth. She flicked it up and down on the tip of her tongue like a paddleball game. She sucked it in and out so rapidly that I thought I would cum right then and there. But I managed to hold out.

After a few moments, Meghan joined Sally in my groin, pulling my left ball back into her mouth. The two women sucked and slurped on my nads, sometimes in unison, sometimes in counterpoint, working them into a fervor. The skin of my scrotum was stretched taut as they pulled my nuts in opposite directions. My poor cock, wondering why he wasn't getting any attention, was pointing straight upwards and blushing a deep scarlet. My breathing was getting ragged and sweat was breaking out on my forehead. The sensations were indescribable, pleasure so intense that it bordered on pain.

Finally, Meghan and Sally stopped at the same time, released their holds on my family jewels, and leaned back. I looked up. Now it was Julie's turn to drop her robe and come forward.

Jules climbed up onto the foot of the bed, right in the middle. She kneeled between my outspread legs. She made an O-ring of her thumb and forefinger and lightly jacked the shaft of my cock a few times. I jumped at her touch. There was a sly smile still on her lips. Then she moved her hand down to the base of my cock and lowered her head. Her soft, moist, tender lips planted the daintiest of kisses on my cock head, which of course caused it to jump with pleasure. Then her tongue came out and delicately licked around the sensitive rim, causing me to shudder and groan. She licked and slurped with her tongue like it was an ice cream cone melting in the summer heat. Finally, she lowered her head a bit more and engulfed my flaring head into her soft, wet, sucking mouth. I felt the velvety dampness engulf me, and the pleasure of her wonderful blowjobs, which I had felt so many times before, took hold of me. She bobbed her head up and down, she twisted her mouth from side to side, she flicked her tongue on the sensitive underside of my cock. She used all of her usual blowjob moves, except that she stayed away from my balls, which were off limits to her mouth tonight.

My hips were bucking and my abdomen and buttocks were clenched. This was just too good. I didn't want to blow my load before my triple treatment had even begun! But Julie's wonderful blowjobs were difficult to resist. Somehow I managed to maintain control, and when she finally lifted her head away from my groin, I still had a full load in my balls. Full? It was more full than it had ever been!

The three ladies, sitting upright on the bed, looked back and forth at each other. "Now?" asked Sally. "Now," said Julie. Three heads descended toward my groin as one.

I couldn't say who touched me first. It might have been simultaneous. All I know is that my left ball, my right ball, and the sensitive, flaring head of my cock all felt engulfed in the warmest, wettest, most wonderful waves of pleasure I had ever know, all at the same time. Julie inhaled my cock head and shaft deep into her throat, slurping and sucking and loving it. Meghan and Sally sucked my balls into their mouths, popping them into those suctioning caverns with a pressure that danced again on that threshold between pleasure and pain. All three mouths drooled copious streams of saliva that engulfed my groin in an ocean of warm, sweet, human lubrication. My soul nearly left my body for the intense pleasure it was feeling.

My eyes were rolled back into my head, and my soul seemed to be projected to the cosmos. But I forced myself to look downward and observe what may well turn out to be the finest moment of my sexual life. All I could see was three heads of hair: Sally's long blonde tresses flailing about on my right; Meghan's short brown locks bouncing on my left; and Julie's dark curls in the middle, jauntily swirling in beautiful arcs. I don't know how they managed to avoid giving each other concussions, their skulls were all so close together and so violently, rapidly moving.

I wish I could adequately describe the sensations, especially the feelings in my balls. As I noted before, they were both pleasurable and painful at the same time. The gentle pressure, the tender tugging, on my most delicate of organs was very close to the verge of unpleasantness; yet both ladies knew just how much pressure to bring to bear so that I would feel the maximum possible pleasure, yet never completely cross over into the realm of pain. That slow, exquisite, almost excruciating feeling jolted through my body, from my balls to my gut to my chest, up to my very brain. I'd felt hints of it before, in blowjobs of the past, but never two of them at the same time, and certainly never while my cock was being simultaneously stimulated.

And meanwhile, Julie, the love of my life, had her talented mouth wrapped around the shaft of my cock. After all the years we'd been together, she knew exactly how to drive me crazy; just the right amount of pressure; just the right amount of saliva; just the right speed and depth and suction; she had my number, all right! Combined with the simultaneous assault on my testicles, her tender ministrations on my shaft and head practically sent me into orbit! I could feel myself shuddering and spasming and leaking pre-cum like a Texas oil well.

I lay back and tried not to think, but to only feel. I felt warmth, and wetness, and willing, wanton, wonderfulness, all over my genitals. I felt my balls pulled in two opposite directions. I felt the skin of my cock slickly stretched and stimulated. I felt the blood rising in my loins, in my gut, and in my chest. I felt my heart beating in my ribcage, and wondered if it was up to the occasion, or if I was in danger of dying here and now. Not that I would have had a problem with that; the intensely pleasurable euphoria would have been worth it!

The pressure in my balls increased. My buttocks clenched to the point where I thought I would suck the sheets up through my anus to my colon. My jaws clamped down and I grunted in my throat. My fists grabbed the sides of the mattress, and I thought I could feel some of the coil springs deep inside. A long, hard, loud, searing wave coursed through my tissues, and I knew that my orgasm was imminent.

The ladies knew it too. Meghan and Sally eased off slightly on my balls, almost setting them free, but not quite. Julie pulled back on my shaft, and lightly clamped her teeth on my flaring cock head. They all remained stock still. They waited while my breathing and heart rate returned to almost normal. They didn't want to kill me, or to finish me off, just yet. They were toying with me.

Once I was almost calmed down, however, they resumed their assault full throttle! The sucking and tugging on my balls, the slurping and sliding on my shaft, the drooling and nibbling and biting and yanking were back on, full speed ahead, until I was once again on the verge of exploding! I felt the volcano begin, deep in my being. My urethra was on fire; my prostate was reaching critical mass; my brain gave up on analyzing the situation and turned over all admin functions to my spinal chord. My body was a machine of pure pleasure, with no will, no memory, no volition. I existed only for pleasure; intense, visceral, uncontainable pleasure! As much as I wanted to prolong the experience, the skin and tissues of my cock and my balls and my scrotum conspired against me to take me to the ultimate height of euphoria!

I exploded.

Julie, with long experience at sucking my cock, knew enough to get out of harm's way. She ducked her head to the side before the first of my many jolts of semen rocketed out of my cock. I painted the far wall with several spurts before they lost enough muzzle velocity to begin landing on the bed. Jolt after jolt, spurt after spurt, I shot. Meghan and Sally never let go of my nuts, and continued to nibble and suck on them as I shot. The pleasure was so unbearable that I felt as if my entire body was being burned away in a fire. But I loved it.

Eventually, mercifully, I lost consciousness. I drifted off into a dreamland of blissful oblivion. The pleasure was too much for my conscious mind to contain, but my dreaming self could contemplate it, enjoy it, savor it. The world spun and the stars twinkled and angels danced before my eyes.

After an eternity, I came to. I looked up. All three ladies were still on the bed, staring at my face.

"Is he alive?" asked Sally. "His eyes are open. But it might just be his nervous system responding to the light in the room."

"No, he's alive," said Julie. "I've seen him like this before. Just give him a minute."

"Too bad," said Meghan. "I was kind of hoping we'd killed him." Bitch.

I shook my head, and wiped the drool off my chin. "I'm alive, thank you very much." I looked from face to face. "You guys have really given me the birthday present of my life! I don't know how to ever thank you."

Meghan just looked away. Sally gave me a smile and a wink. But Julie gave me the most troubling response.

"No problem, lover," she said. "My birthday is coming up next month, you know. I think I want a triple penetration for my present."

Oh shit! I was owned.