 It had been two weeks since Amy's first gangbang, and she was already desperate for another. Her boyfriend Tony simply could not keep up with her sexual desire. She talked of little else and Tony knew he had to make a plan. 

Amy's last gangbang had lasted for four hours and had involved nearly 20 of Tony's friends, but that was not enough for her, she wanted more, a lot more.

Amy spent most evenings watching the video Tony had made of the gangbang. She would sit naked in front of the TV and squeal with delight as she saw herself being fucked in all positions by 20 different cocks. She would use dildos to simulate what she was seeing on the screen and demand that Tony fuck her as she watched the action.

Tony knew exactly what Amy wanted and one evening had an idea that he was sure would satisfy her needs. He phoned his friend Mike who was in the Navy. Mike promised to spread the word on his ship and see how many of his shipmates would be keen to join in a mass gangbang. 

Tony also e-mailed him naked pictures of Amy so the Navy boys would know exactly what they were getting. A pretty, petite blonde, with huge tits and a hard toned body. Very hard to turn down.

The ship was due into port in just five days, and Tony was sure his friend Mike would do his best to make the plan work. As the big day approached Amy was feverish with excitement, she knew Tony had a plan, but had no idea of what was in store for her.

She begged Tony to tell her what was going to happen, but he would just smile and say "Don't you worry baby, I think your gonna love what I've got for you."

It was a Saturday evening and exactly 3 weeks since Amy's first gangbang. Tony drove them down to the docks. Mike had told him to be there at 7pm and they arrived exactly on time. Amy was hugely excited as she saw the huge ships come into view. 

They pulled up next a large aircraft carrier. "Oh my God am I gonna get fucked on this huge ship" Amy's eyes were like saucers. Tony simply smiled and said, "Yes baby your going to get a tour of this ship that you're never going to forget"

Mike came down to meet them on the dockside. " Amy you are looking totally hot, are you sure your ready for this?" Amy was looking fine in a short mini skirt and skimpy tight top. Her deep cleavage was there for all to see.

"Yes Mike this little whore is more than ready, how many cocks have you got for me?" Mike pulled down Amy's top and started to grope her big firm tits. "Well I think we have 60 or so guys who are ready right now, we have been at sea for nearly 6 weeks so these guys are desperate for a fuck" Amy squealed with delight, the thought of having 60 sex starved guys do what they want to her turned her on like never before.

They made their way onto the ship and down into a large mess room. The tables had been cleared and large mats laid onto the floor. But the room was empty and Amy look worried. "Where are my cocks Mike? I need cock now." "Don't worry baby they will be here any minute." Suddenly one of the doors opened and fifty or so uniformed Navy boys walked in. Amy stood in the middle of the room as the men surrounded her. Most of them were big muscled guys and Amy could not believe her luck. "So who here wants to fuck a dirty little whore?" All the guys cheered. 

Amy could see in their eyes that they had not had a fuck in weeks, she could see how truly desperate they were to unleash on her. Mike spoke up; it was time to get started. "OK Amy first of all your gonna put on a little show for the boys". "That would be my pleasure." said Amy as Tony passed her a bottle of tequila. 

Amy drank down several shots in one go, and as she did music started playing. The boys wanted a show and Amy was determined to make it a good one. 

As the music played she began dancing around the men, rubbing her self up against them and showing off her perfect body. She slowly removed her mini skirt, panties and top. Tony knew Amy was an exhibitionist but he had not seen her do anything like this before. 

The thought of watching all these strangers fuck Amy was turning him on. At the last gangbang all of the men were his friends but this one was different.

Eventually Amy laid down on the mats and asked Tony for her bag. She pulled out two of her favourite dildos and a bottle of lube. "Who wants to watch me fuck myself with these?" A roar of approval went round the room. The men were already wild eyed with excitement.

Slowly Amy inserted the first dildo into her pussy, the Navy boys jostled to get the best view. All the while Amy was talking dirty to the men. "Can you see me shove this thing in my tight pussy? I love fucking myself. Imagine sticking your big hard cocks into this little pussy. I'm a dirty whore who needs to get a good fucking" 

Amy grabbed the second dildo spread lube all over it whilst the first was still buried deep in her. "Who wants to put this one in my ass" Mike who had organised the whole thing quickly stepped forward. 

Amy got on all fours and continued to fuck her pussy. "Shove that thing in my ass Mike, shove it in real good." Mike wasted no time and slowly inserted the dildo in her ass. Within a few strokes Amy was moaning with pleasure. "Yes fuck that ass, bury that thing in me." 

Tony got his video camera out and began to film the action. "No need for that my friend." One of the Navy guys was smiling at Tony. "You see all these security cams? They are covering every angle and it's streaming on the Internet. Nearly every Navy man on the planet is watching this live." Tony was hugely turned on by the fact that thousands of people would be watching his girlfriend get fucked like never before.

Meanwhile Amy was screaming with pleasure as Mike went to work on her ass with the dildo. "Oh yeah, fucking fuck that tight little ass, fuck it." Mike increased the speed and with just a few deep strokes Amy started to orgasm. 

She moaned with pleasure. "Yes, yes, yes, I'm coming, fuck it, fuck it" Amy writhed in ecstasy but all the while kept her eyes fixed on one of the Navy guys. She could see he was more desperate than the rest. His eyes were wild with passion and she loved teasing him with her orgasm. 

She knew he wouldn't be able to resist her for long. Just as she felt another orgasm rising, the man she had been staring at pulled off his uniform and marched towards Amy. She could see his big cock drawing near. "Face fuck this little whore, make me gag you fucker" 

The man needed no second invitation, and slid his hard cock into Amy's expectant mouth and down her throat. He was surprised at how easily it slid in. Amy had been practicing her deep throat technique and it was about to pay off. Some of the men cheered as the man fucked her face with a steady rhythm. 

Amy beckoned another of the sailors over and pointed to the dildo still in her pussy. He knew just what to do and began fucking Amy with the dildo while Mike continued pounding her ass. Her three holes were being filled and she loved it. 

After no more than two minutes the man fucking Amy's face could hold back no longer and his load exploded into Amy's throat. She felt five or six hot jets fizz into her mouth and she was determined to swallow every drop of his cum. 

She kept sucking as the man groaned with pleasure. After a few more seconds of sucking the man pulled his cock out of Amy's mouth and was surprised to see not a drop of his cum. Amy had indeed swallowed every drop. "Damn that was six weeks worth of cum and this little whore took the whole load" Amy was smiling with pleasure. "I'm just getting started, now I want you all to strip off. I want to see what fifty hard cocks looks like."

The men started removing their uniforms and in no time Amy was staring at a sea of stiff cocks. The sight thrilled her. Gradually the men gathered round Amy. Tony knew she was ready to suck some cock, giving head was something she relished and deep throat was now one of her specialities. 

"Ok boys Amy's going to pick five guys to give blow jobs to. Keep your finger crossed she picks you." Tony was enjoying taking charge of the gangbang.

Amy slowly walked around the men inspecting the huge amount of cock on offer. She decided on the biggest and fattest dicks she could find. She lined them up in order of size. The last guy had the biggest cock Amy had ever seen. "It must be 13 inches at least." she thought to her self, but she was determined to take every inch into her throat. 

"You boys ready to go deep?" The lucky men cheered, but the big guy on the end was looking more serious. "No woman has ever taken my whole cock into her throat before, I can't see you doing it either baby" 

Amy smiled a wicked smile at the man and dropped to her knees. She started on the smallest cock, which must have been at least eight inches and incredibly fat. She slowly placed her lips around the tip and drew the swollen dick into her mouth. 

In no time the cock had disappeared and Amy's mouth was pressed hard up against the man's balls. She looked up into his eyes and could see how impressed he was.  " Fuck this bitch really can suck cock." 

Amy then started to fuck the guy's cock with her throat taking his full length into and out of her mouth with every stroke. After a minute or so Amy moved down the line giving each man deep throat. 

The guys watching cheered each time she took the cocks fully into her. Soon it was the guy with the second biggest cocks turn. He was eleven inches long and Amy teased the tip of his cock with her tongue. 

"Oh baby, stop teasing and take it in your mouth" Amy was only too willing. The crowd stood amazed as they watched the man's cock disappear past Amy's lips. With three inches to go she paused. The crowd cheered Amy on and with one final push took the rest of his length into her. Her eyes were bulging and her mascara was running but Amy was in her element.

Finally it was time for the biggest of them all. Amy took the twitching rock hard thirteen-inch dick in her hand and inspected it with awe. "This is a huge dick you have here" 

Amy was looking at the owner with a wide smile on her face. She began slapping the huge member on her tits and nipples. The cock made loud smacking noises as it banged into her wobbling tits. "Hit my face with that thing. I wanna be angry at it before I bury it into my throat." 

The man did as he was told and swung his huge meat at Amy's cheeks. The smacking noises and stinging sensation were turning her on even more. "Slap it harder, slap that face with your horse cock, slap it." The guy's cock was swinging wildly and the crowd loved it. 

Eventually Amy grabbed his giant meat and hovered the tip of his cock over her lips; she looked up at the man with a coy smile. "So are you ready big boy?" Are you ready for me to swallow your massive cock." The man just smiled. "You can try baby, but it's never gonna fit in there". 

Amy slowly eased the cock into her throat. Inch by inch it slid into her open mouth. Everyone else was watching with eager anticipation to see if Amy really was as good as her word. She now had seven inches of cock in her mouth but was only just over half way. 

She pressed on and could see all the guys getting excited. Another two inches and Amy was starting to gag. "I told you baby, it's just too big" Amy's eyes were bulging but still she carried on. 

She now had 4 inches to go and the watching crowd were urging her on. "Take that huge cock, you dirty whore." "Swallow it baby, take it all down". 

Amy looked up into the eyes of the man, winked at him and thrust her head forward. Her lips slid easily over his last few inches, as her mouth pressed up against his balls.

"Fuck bitch, you really can suck cock" The man could not believe his eyes, all thirteen inches of his massive cock was deep inside Amy's throat. The watching crowd cheered as Amy kept his mammoth dick deep inside her. 

After around 30 seconds she slowly withdrew, all the while staring at the monster cocks owner with wild eyes. Watching that huge dick slowly reappear from her mouth drew gasps from the crowd. "Fuck, how did she do that."? "That whore must be a fuckin magician or something." As she pulled the last few inches out Amy looked to the crowd and smiled. "That's nothing boys watch this." 

She looked back up at the man with the huge cock. "What's you name baby?" "My names Davy." replied the man. "Well Davy are you ready to fuck this throat?" "Hell yeah." Amy smiled a wicked smile at Davy. "Well grab the back of my head and fuck my mouth till you cum, but I want all thirteen inches in and out on each stroke, and I want you to cum on my face." "You got it whore" 

With that Davy put both his hands behind Amy's head, grabbed her hair and began to fuck her face. He pushed and pulled her head back and forth along the entire length of his huge cock. He stared in amazement as Amy took every inch on each stroke. The crowd were as stunned as he was. "Fuck I've never seen a girl do that before" "This bitch sucks cock like a mutha fucker" 

Tony was also amazed, he knew she had been practicing her deep throat skills but not to this extent. Davy kept up the rhythm; he had a huge smile on his face now. "Fuck girl, this is the best fuck I've ever had, full stop." 

He slowly increased the pace and before long was fucking Amy's mouth as fast as he could, every inch sliding in and out with huge force. Suddenly Amy felt the huge cock twitch in her throat and she knew exactly what was coming. Davy withdrew his twitching dick and Amy instinctively grabbed it with both hands. 

"Fucking cum on my face you dirty fucker, shoot your load all over my pretty face, give me all your cum." Amy was sliding her fingers up and down Davy's full length; her hands look tiny moving across the monster meat. She felt his cock twitch again and with a loud groan Davy unleashed on her. The release was powerful but Amy held the cock square at her face. 

Hot jets of spunk exploded onto her and she screamed with delight as she felt jet after jet hit her. "Yeah, keep cumming you fucker, fuckin give this whore all you got" After the eighth or ninth jet Davy finally stopped cumming, but Amy wasn't finished with him. 

She slid his still hard cock back down her throat and began fucking and sucking his dick once again. After a dozen more strokes Davy had had enough. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and collapsed to the floor. "Fuck Davy, that little honey felled you, that little deep throating whore took you down." Davy's friends were laughing at him but he did not care, he had cum harder than he ever had before.

Having seen what Amy could do the rest of the men wanted to sample her oral skills. They formed a long line and Amy was thrilled to see forty or more hard cocks ready to be swallowed. She looked up at her boyfriend Tony. "Damn that is a lot of cock!" she said with some trepidation.

"Yes it is baby but I want you to take every inch, of every man here. You hear me? Every single fucking inch into your mouth." Amy could see how turned on Tony was by watching her taking so many cocks. "Sure baby I'll do whatever you tell me, remember, I am a cock loving, cum hungry bitch, who needs a good seeing to."

With that Amy turned to the first man in line who had a huge smile on his face. "Fuck my fuckin throat, you fucker. The man wasted no time and buried his cock into her waiting mouth and began forcefully fucking her throat.

For the next half an hour Amy made her way down the line of men. She relished every inch of cock that entered and fucked her mouth. Tony had thought she had been insatiable at the first gangbang but she was now at a whole new level. 

Over half of the guys in the line wanted to wait until later to unleash their loads onto Amy but some could just not hold back. Amy insisted that if they did cum they had to cum on her face and all the men complied. By the time she was at the end of the line and had finished with the last cock her face was plastered with cum. 

"Look at the little slut, she's covered in cum before she's even been fucked." Mike said with a grin to Tony. "Well we better get that sorted out quickly. Amy, which of these guys cocks do you want first?" Amy looked around at the men, but this time she was looking for the most desperate guys.

"Well I want to get fucked hard and fast, no slow fucking, I want to be pounded by cock till I cum." Amy chose five guys with the wildest looking eyes. She knew she was going to get fucked hard by these guys and that was exactly what she wanted.

Amy lay down on the mats, opened her legs wide to show her clean shaved, dripping pussy and looked at the chosen men. "Come on then boys, come and fuck this little slut, don't be shy. I need a good fucking and I need it now." 

The man with the wildest eyes leapt forward and jumped onto Amy. He roughly thrust his stiff member into Amy's wet pussy and began to fuck her, hard and strong. "Yes, yes, yes." yelled Amy. "This guy knows how to fuck a cock starved whore, fuck my pussy hard, harder, harder, fuck it." 

Within seconds the other four guys were on Amy like a pack of hungry wolves. They sucked her tits and shoved their cocks in her mouth. She loved the feeling of having strong, rough hands all over her body.

All the while the first guy was fucking as hard as he could, with Amy urging him on. "Yes bury you cock in me you fucker. Fuck me harder, fuck it faster, oh yeah fuck me."

After two minutes of furious fucking Amy could feel the guy was ready to cum. "Aim your cum at my mouth, I wanna taste it." The man put in one final burst of strokes and then at the point of release pulled out and aimed his cock at Amy's open waiting mouth. The load hit it's target perfectly as Amy felt three or four jets of hot cum hit the back of her mouth. She eagerly swallowed every drop she could.

Amy had got the taste for hard fucking and now her eyes were as wild and desperate as the four men who were pawing at her. "Time for two cocks boys." Amy stretched out her arm and grabbed the lube. Then she grabbed the nearest cock to hand and spread the lube over it. 

"I want this cock in my ass now!" The man quickly complied. He lay on the floor and let Amy climb on top with her back to him, then grabbed her tits and roughly pulled her down. 

As the cock slid into her ass she groaned with pleasure. "Now one in my pussy." Amy spread her legs as another sailor slid his long hard dick into her. "Now give me all you've got you dirty fuckers." With that the two men went to work pounding Amy as hard as they could. The man on top was wild eyed as he drove his cock deep inside Amy. "Tell me you're a whore, while I fuck you." 

Amy loved dirty talking while she was being fucked. It made the fucking even dirtier and that was exactly what she wanted. "I'm a filthy little whore, I'm a slut bitch whore who wants to get fucked. Fuck this bitch's pussy. I'm a cock loving whore bitch who loves getting fucked in the ass and pussy; it's what I live for. Fuck me! Come on, I said fuck me, fuck me, fuck me"

Amy was now screaming with pleasure as the two men furiously thrust in and out of her. "Oh I'm gonna cum, don't stop fucking me, I'm cumming. Fuck it!" As the orgasm rose in Amy her arms and legs began to move uncontrollably. The man on top turned to the on looking group. "Hold this whore down while I fuck her and someone stick a cock down her throat too." 

Within seconds Amy felt several pairs of strong hands pin her arms and legs to the floor. Then she saw a big cock heading into her mouth. She was completely helpless and she loved it. She adored the feeling of giving in to the three pounding cocks whilst being held firmly to the ground. 

Orgasm after orgasm pulsed through her body, she began to see stars as she felt her pussy relax and contract around the cock that was inside her. "The little whore is having multiple orgasms on my cock" said the guy on top. 
