 As I look at my two men, Froggie says, "The question here Rosie is this. Are you sure you want to do this? I mean, if you're not comfortable, I can relieve myself in the shower and you two can have the bed. But be forewarned, this is your only chance to back out."

"No Froggie, I'm sure. Just checkin' to see if you two are...God it's hot in here."

"C'mon Rosie...this way to the bedroom. Damn girl you're one fine woman."

We follow Froggie to his bedroom...His hand in mine and my other hand in Jrs. I'm a little scared...I've never done this before, but more than that, with each step, I grow more excited, and before we make it to the bedroom, I feel my wetness running down my legs. God I don't think I've been this wet and ready ever!!!

As we make it to the room, and Froggie goes to close his door, I begin to undress..."Uh uh" both my men tell me, "Let us do it for you." They lead me to the bed, seat me on the side and both men reach down, one on my right, the other on my left and slip off my shoes. As though they had planned this from the get go, they slowly begin to massage their way up, starting with my feet...I moan "OOhhhh that feels SOOO good." They work their way up a little further; my ankles and calves...then I feel them kiss my toes and slowly following the lead of their hands with gentle kisses and nibbles. As they reach my knees, they both suck on the back of my knees at the same time, followed by a sharp nip and then lick and gentle kiss. I nearly cum right there on the spot because of that. They run their hands up my thighs then on top of my shorts to the hem of my tank top. They go to take it off and I automatically lift my arms for them to take it off. As soon as it leaves my hands, I feel both of their mouths on either side of my neck, gently nibbling their way up to my earlobes. This is almost too much. The next thing I feel, my bra has been unsnapped...who unsnapped it, I know not, nor do I really care at this point in time. 

Then I feel them slowly kiss their way back down my neck, to my shoulders and down my arms as they pull the bra from my body with one hand, the other hands caressing their way up my belly to my breasts. There they gently kneed my breasts and pinch and roll my nipples. As they tend to my breasts, I feel them gently push me to the bed and kiss their way back up my arms to my shoulders and down to my breasts. They replace their hands with their mouths and this IS too much for me. I arch my back, forcing my breasts into their mouths and I scream through my first orgasm of this experience.

As I return to the world, I feel their hands ever so slowly going back down my body to the flair of my hips and under the waist of my shorts. They go to take them off of me. As I lift my hips to allow the shorts under my ass, they release my breasts and begin to kiss and nibble their way down my body...over my hips, to the outside of my thighs, I sigh in frustration. Their mouths are everywhere except where I need it. As I glance down, to show them the frustration in my eyes, I notice they left my skimpy thong on, and Froggie's eyes were huge. He looked to me and said "You really DO shave it all off don't you? I didn't believe you until I saw it for my self."

"Yeah, I do, why would I lie to you about that?"

As I looked at my men...I notice Froggie's hands moving towards my core as though in a daze. Jr moves up to give me a kiss as Froggie begins to touch my center as though it were a dream that disappears with waking. I moan as I feel my legs widen and Froggie's finger slide into me...Instead of taking off my thong, he simply moved it to the side for a closer look. My scent immediately filled the room and I then felt a second finger in me as a mouth closed over my clit and began to gently suck. Without warning I came hard. My muscles clamped down around Froggie's fingers which caused him to moan and send waves of vibrations racing through my body. 

I hear Froggie say, "Oh God Rose you taste so good like the sweetest of honey with just enough bite of lemon for the perfect balance. Ambrosia."

At those words (along with the addition of a 3rd finger) I come apart again.

At this point I had had about as much as I could take. I rip my mouth from Jrs, push him onto his back, spread his legs and immediately begin to give him the blowjob of a life time. Subtly I hear the wrapper of a condom tear and I purposely wiggle my ass as an open invitation. As I give Jr his due, up and down, up and down, deeper and deeper with each thrust, up, slowly use the tip of my tongue around the sensitive underside of his head, I feel Froggie, slowly, every so slowly, entering my more than willing body. As soon as he gets his fat head into my tight pussy, he thrusts all the way home. At that action, I let go of a deep moan. Jr feels my moan throughout his entire body and holds my head still. 

"Baby, do that again, and I'll be done quicker than you want me to be. Froggie, Hurry up man, I can't last long, and I want her to feel us both at the same time."

"Yeah Froggie, Please, faster, faster, Harder HARDER...OH GOOOODDDDD Just like that."

As Froggie continues to fuck my pussy hard and fast, I take Jrs dick back into my mouth. Up and down. In and Out, faster faster, harder harder, Deeper Deeper. The cycle continues over and over, I go up and down, deeper with each down stroke, sucking harder with each stroke up. Froggie, pumping into me harder and harder, deeper and deeper. We develop this perfectly in sync pattern, I go down as he pulls out, up as he pushes in, over and over...I'm almost there, as they're both as close as I am...then *SLAP* Froggie spanked me on my ass, gently rubbing the sting away with his hand as I feel *SLAP* on my other cheek, immediately followed by the gentle rubbing. *SLAP* another spanking

On the fourth *SLAP* I could take no more. My body went into overkill, clamped down HARD on Froggie's cock; over and over in waves so fast they felt as though it were one long continuous wave. This was the final straw for Froggie who grabbed my hips and began thrusting harder and harder, faster and faster, screaming his completion at the top of his lungs. I moaned so loudly and deeply that it sent Jr over the edge. I felt him spew so deeply in my throat it was all I could do to swallow it all. His orgasm lasted so long it felt like hours.

Once everyone finished, we all just collapsed on one another, spent of all energy. I looked at my two men and said "Oh this is going to be a very interesting trip, one that I think we will ALL enjoy." I looked at my watch, which amazingly was still attached to my body. Hmmm...1:30. What a day this has turned into.

"Hey Froggie," I say. "I'm hungry, got any food?" Then I looked down "And did you HAVE to rip my thongs off? Damn they were my favorite pair too."

"HAHAHA!!! I'm sorry babe, I'll buy you a new pair to replace them, and if this trip turns out like I think it will, I'll end up buying you a whole shit load of 'em. C'mon you two, there's sandwich fixins in the kitchen."

I look at Jr, then at Froggie, "Meetcha there Froggie, I gotta talk to Jr for a sec."

"Ok hon, see ya there" he said as he closed the door.

"Thank you baby, I love you, Always and forever I am yours. What other little surprises do you have in store for me?"

"He he he" Jr says, "That's for ME to know and YOU to enjoy. I want this weekend to fulfill all of your fantasies...every last one of them baby, It's for you and you alone. God I love you so much baby...now get off me, I gotta piss like a rushin' race horse and I'm starved half to death. Not to mention, I gotta go grab the suitcases so you can get some more panties on. As much as I'd like to watch you goin commando on me, I don't want you to get cold. Love ya baby, here," Jr threw his shirt at me, "use my shirt to cover up while I go grab the suitcase."

Yes, I thought, this will be an interesting trip indeed. And he doesn't even know what I have in store for him. He doesn't even know she's comin'.