 My name is Amy Howard, and my life sucks.

I'm twenty-two years old, and my husband has lost all interest in me. He's been saying a lot of nice things about his ex-wife lately, and I'm afraid he's going to go back to her. If they're not already sleeping together.

I had sex with my best friend's husband. It was my fault more than his: I was teasing him mercilessly, because I needed to feel that somebody wanted me. Wanted to fuck me.

His wife, my best friend, my FORMER best friend, blames me entirely, in part because I told her I thought she was attracted to me, and she wanted to prove me wrong by showing me how attracted she was to her husband. She illustrated the fact by having sex with him right in front of me.

All this shit hit the fan late last night, and I haven't slept since. It's now 4 o'clock in the afternoon and I was SUPPOSED TO be having dinner with Jamie and Ellie two hours from now -- but I assume I'm no longer invited.

My life sucks.

A little after 5, I decided: I hadn't been "officially" uninvited; and if I stayed home, I'd be writing off my two closest friends. I had to try to make things right.

I showered, drank two cups of coffee so I wouldn't fall asleep on my way over there, and dressed casually but non-threateningly: white shorts, and a blue blouse. With a bra.

As I walked across our back yards, I saw both my bikini bottoms and Ellie's red teddy still floating in the pool. My bikini bottoms would probably be okay, but the chlorinated water was probably ruining the teddy. What a shame, I thought... as if I had nothing more important to worry about.

When I walked up the steps to Jamie and Ellie's deck, only Jamie was there, fooling with the grill the way guys do. "Oh. Hi," he said when he noticed me.

"I wasn't sure whether I was still invited," I said sheepishly. "Ellie probably wants to shove the spit up my ass and cook me on the rotisserie."

Jamie smiled, but just a little. "I didn't throw you under the bus, you know. I didn't tell Ellie it was all your fault, that she should blame just you. Because it's not true."

"I appreciate that," I said. "You're a good guy."

"Well," he said, ignoring the compliment, "the truth is the truth."

And that was it for conversation until a few minutes later when Ellie came out of the house and saw me. "Oh," she said. "Amy."

"Is it okay that I'm here?" I asked. "Should I leave?"

"No," she said. "I mean stay."

So I stayed. 

Dinner was... polite. Nobody spoke about the night before, or about sex at all, which was unnatural for us: The three of us -- and even Dan, when he was around -- shared a ribald sense of humor, and we were never shy about it.

We were all avoiding anything that might cause any sort of argument, or betray any sexual feelings, and the tension -- heightened by my lack of sleep -- was giving me a headache. 

I also knew that time wasn't on my side: if we didn't resolve our problems, the problems nobody wanted to talk about, this might be the last meal I shared with Jamie and Ellie.

And then Ellie's shirt slipped from her shoulder, exposing a bra strap, and she quickly pulled the shirt back into place.

And I exploded.

"A bra strap? You're worried about a fucking bra strap?"

"What are you talking about?"

"I've seen you undressed dozens of times. You've been married to Jamie for almost ten years. Who the fuck are you worried about seeing your fucking bra strap?"

"Amy, settle down," Jamie started to say, then stopped when he saw me glare at him.

"We were all naked in the pool together last night. I watched you fucking Jamie. You watched me fucking Jamie."

"Don't remind me," Ellie said hotly.

"I am reminding you," I said. "And you're worried about a fucking bra strap showing?"

I lunged forward and grabbed the collar of her blouse, ripping the front of it. "Now your whole bra's showing. Happy?"

"Are you crazy?"

"Probably, yeah. I'm losing my husband and I'm losing my best friends."

Jamie put a hand on my shoulder. "Amy, you're not. Everything can go back to the way it was."

"No they can't," I said, shaking him off. "And what happened last night was bound to happen. We've all felt this way for too long. 

Ellie, standing in front of me with her blouse shredded, her nipples showing through her bra, began to say something, then stopped.

Calmer now, I began unbuttoning my blouse. "Ellie," I said, "I'm straight. I loved having Jamie's cock inside me last night, and I plan having it again."

"There is no way --" she began.

I unclasped my bra, and let it fall to the floor. "But somehow, I'm also sexually attracted to you, and I know you feel the same way."

"No I don't," she said as I walked over to her and unclasped her bra.

"You do," I said. "And we either do something about it right now, or we drift apart and miss the chance, and we'll always regret it."

She let me ease her down onto one of the deck chairs. "I've never done anything like this before," she said.

"Neither have I. But I know what I like."

"You don't have to do this," she said.

"I know. And you don't have to let me. And I'll stop any time you ask me to; but let me just try, okay? Before I chicken out?"

I took her left breast into my mouth, and flicked my tongue across her nipple, just the way I liked it done to me. She seemed to be trying hard not to get aroused. Are all women this difficult to please? I wondered.

I switched to her right breast, and at the same time lightly stroked her pussy through her shorts. She was startled when I first touched her there, but then began to relax, and finally rewarded me with a soft moan.

"Do you want me to eat out your pussy?" I asked her.

"No," she said softly.

"If I do it anyway, will you stop me?"

"No."

I grabbed the waistband of both her shorts and her panties, and eased them together down her legs. As I pushed my face closer to her pussy, close enough to smell her arousal – and she was definitely aroused – I wondered what the hell I'd gotten myself into: I'd been curious about sex with women, and there were women including Ellie I thought I'd been attracted to, but I';d never acted on any of it. And now I was trying to act confident as I prepared to suck on another woman's pussy.

I was both incredibly aroused and absolutely terrified.

"Oh shit!" Ellie screamed as my tongue brushed across her clit. She hadn't cum, but a wave of... something went through her.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy, tasting her juices: similar to mine, but also very different. I pulled my head back just enough to say "Jamie must be dying, watching us do this. You should suck his cock."

"Anything," she said, putting her hands on the back of my head and pulling my mouth back into her pussy.

Jamie had done a wonderful job eating out my pussy the night before: he'd made me cum twice, which no man had ever done before, and left me wanting and needing more. I tried to remember exactly what he'd done, and did the same things to Ellie.

Out of the corner of my eye, and I could see Jamie, completely naked now, easing a rock hard cock into his wife's mouth. She starting sucking him deeply and vigorously. She must be like me: the more aroused I am, the deeper I can take a cock into my mouth without gagging. A talent I hoped Dan would miss for the rest of his fucking life.

Ellie suddenly spit Jamie's cock out of her mouth: for his own safety, because she began cumming violently. I kept sucking and licking at her clit until she came down from her orgasm and said "stop, please, too much."

Jamie looked like he was in great distress, his hard, wet cock just sticking out in front of him, probably just seconds from cumming. "Get over here," I said; and when he did, I took his cock in my mouth and picked up where Ellie had left off.

"No," Ellie said. What, she was jealous I was sucking off her husband?

"I need him to fuck me," she said. "And you," she added, pointing at me, "get naked."

I stripped off my shorts and panties. Ellie got off the chair, and I took her place. She pushed her face into my bare pussy as if she'd been doing it all her life, and at the same time Jamie got behind her and rammed his cock into her pussy.

Ellie was groaning as she ate me out, which was... weird. A couple of minutes after she started, she suddenly thrust her tongue deep into my pussy as she came, a moment after Jamie came. He backed out of Ellie's pussy, and I could see thick gobs of both his cum and hers coating his still-hard cock.

I'd had Jamie's cock in my mouth twice over the past 24 hours; but only for a few seconds each time, and I'd never tasted his cum. "Let me clean you off," I told him, and he came over to me so I could take his cock in his mouth. Jamie-cum and Ellie-cum mixed. Yum.

"Oh God," Jamie said. "Keep that up, and I'll be able to cum again."

A couple of minutes passed, and then Ellie took her mouth from my pussy and said "You two finish one another off. Amy hasn't cum yet, and you can do it better with your cock than I cam with my tongue."

"Are you sure?" I asked, remembering her earlier comment that Jamie would never fuck me again.

"Definitely. And I know I'll get better at eating your pussy with practice."

Well, that sounded promising.

I leaned over the railing of the deck and spread my legs, and Jamie came up behind me and slipped his cock deep inside of me with a single stroke. I don't think I've ever been this wet. It took less than five minutes for him to cum, but I came first. Loudly.

My name is Amy Howard, and my life is great: I'm rid of a husband who didn't appreciate me and living with my best friends, having sex with one or both of them several times a week. They both refer to me as their trophy wife.