 A couple of people took issue with Chapter 2, complaining that suggesting a sexual attraction between Amy and Ellie was too predictable, and that Ellie's reaction should have been more confrontational.

Well, I thought of it less as "predictable" per se and more "adhering to convention." This is Literotica, after all, which pretty much expects every character to want to do the nasty with most every other character.

But I want everybody to be happy, so let's visit the alternate universe in which Chapter 2 began with a bang: 

I've lived in Florida for almost ten years, and the weather here still surprises me: last week in March, and it was already hot as hell. I never thought I'd be filling the backyard swimming pool on March 29 but after several days of mid-90s days and steamy nights, I decided it was time.

Late that first night I heard noises outside, and went out to find our neighbor, Amy, swimming in the pool. She apologized, I reminded her that I'd told her she could could use the pool any time – I just hadn't expected to hear her there at 1 am, is all – and she explained that between how hot her house was – the central air was broken and she and Dan couldn't afford to fix it yet – and Dan being away for a few days, she just couldn't sleep.

Since the pool had just been filled and the water hadn't had time to warm up... well, let's just say it was difficult to ignore the fact that Amy's nipples were rock hard and trying to force their way through the top of her one-piece bathing suit.

And I was having my own rock-hard issues, which I tried to hide from our neighbor (and my wife Ellie's best friend).

We chatted for a bit, then she went home and I went back upstairs.

The following day, while I was at work, Ellie and Amy hit the malls, to get a start on their summer wardrobe. In the evening, Ellie told me about some of the naughty clothing she'd bought (and would let me see when the time came), and about a white bikini Amy had bought, which she'd probably never wear anyplace other than in her own bedroom to try to get Dan to show some interest in her – and then teased me for showing "way too much interest" myself in her description of Amy's new outfit.

Late that night, I heard Amy outside again, and saw the bikini in person: the top was a thin strip of fabric going around her body, just barely covering her areolae. Down below, it covered her pussy in front and much much behind. Oh, and it was almost transparent when wet.

Amy was a bit more flirty tonight – not surprisingly, since she had to have known how the bathing suit looked – but we both behaved. She told me about her troubles with Dan, then convinced me to join her for one last dip in the pool. When we were underwater, my enjoyment in watching her breasts through her now-seethrough top was cut short when she gestured for me to swim back up to the surface. When I did, she grabbed the waistband of my shorts as I passed her. I managed to hand onto my pants and my dignity, and when she joined me at the surface, she laughed as if her attempt to de-pants me was the funniest thing in the world. I wondered whether it was my turn to try to pull off a piece of her swimsuit: I was tempted, but I knew that would be going a bit too far.

She must have known what I was thinking, and abruptly said she'd better get back inside.

Which takes us to the third night:

I couldn't sleep, and I didn't even try. Would Amy come by again? The night was certainly hot and steamy enough for a swim; but would she feel uncomfortable after things got out of hand the night before?

Well, they hadn't gotten out of hand, not really. But they could have. And on some level, I knew, we'd both wanted them to.

At a quarter to one I got dressed -- just in case Ellie woke up and wondered where I was going -- and went outside. When I got to the pool area, I stripped down to my boxers, sat on the same chair I'd used the past two nights, and waited.

And at about a minute to 1, I saw Amy crossing over from their back yard to ours. She was wearing her robe, and I hoped she had the same white swimsuit underneath.

If she noticed me there, she didn't show it. She stood by the side of the pool, dropped her robe, and dove in.

I couldn't believe it. I was half-right: she was wearing the bottoms of her new bikini. But just the bottoms.

She swam the length of the pool and then back again, then climbed out. Her bikini bottoms almost transparent, water dripping from her bare breasts, she walked over to me. I didn't even try to hide my erection.

"You don't mind, do you?" she asked. "After last night, I figured if seeing me like this bothered you, you wouldn't be showing up here tonight."

"No," I said. "Not at all."

She cupped her breasts. "Do you like them?"

"Are you kidding? Who wouldn't?"

She sat next to me, and the smile left her face. "Dan thinks they're too small. He claims he can't stand his ex-wife, but he can't stop telling me how her tits were so much bigger than mine. He wants me to
get a boob job, I'm sure of it."

"Don't you dare!" I said without thinking.

Her smile returned. "Then I won't," she said. "Jamie..." she started slowly.

"Yes?"

"You know I've always liked you, right?"

"I've always liked you too," I said.

"I don't mean just as a neighbor, you know."

"I know. And, well, me too."

"Jamie..." She nodded down at her breasts. "Go ahead if you'd like."

I hesitated for a moment, then brought both of my hands to her breasts. "Mmmm," she said softly.

"We shouldn't be doing this," I said softly, never taking my hands from her breasts.

"I know. And I shouldn't be doing this either," she said, softly brushing her hand across my cock.

"Ggggg," I said; or something like that.

"Maybe we should jump in the pool before things get out of hand," she said, closing her hand softly around my cock.

"You're probably right," I said, lightly pinching a nipple, otherwise not moving.

"Maybe... maybe we'd better cool off before we do something we shouldn't," she said, pulling away from me and running over to the pool.

She jumped in, and after a moment I jumped in after her. She dove underwater and I went down as well, marveling at the sight of her bare breasts swaying in the cool water, her nipples hardening as I watched.

I pointed up, as she had the night before, as as she passed by me – very closely, since I'm sure she suspected what I had in mind – I grabbed at her bikini bottoms and they easily came off in my hands.

I followed her to the surface, and she said "That was very naughty."

I smiled and said "I know."

She swam over to the pool and pulled herself up, sitting naked on the ledge, her legs apart to let me see her bare pussy. Waiting for her to tell me to stop, which she never did, I swam over to her, rested my
hands on her knees, and brought my mouth to her pussy lips. I circled her pussy with my tongue, stopping only to kiss her clit.

She grabbed the back of my head and pulled it closer to her, and I thrust my tongue into her pussy, fucking her orally. I could see her squeezing her breasts hard; and after about five minutes, she brought
one hand to her mouth to stifle the sound of her orgasm. She pushed my head away from her pussy, took a moment to compose herself, then dropped back into the pool. "There's something I always wanted to try," she said, slipping my boxers down my legs.

As soon as I stepped out of them, she took a deep breath, dove under the water, and took my cock deep into my mouth. I was as hard as I needed to be, and the feel of her warm mouth after the cool water felt
exquisite. And an underwater blow job... I never thought I'd experience that.

I felt certain I'd cum in less than a minute -- maybe half a minute – but after about ten seconds she pulled away and quickly surfaced, coughing and spitting out water. "Okay," she said, "that's sexy as
hell in theory, but I don't know how anybody does it without drowning."

She took my hand and pulled me over to the shallow end, where a railing was installed next to three steps. She turned her back to me, grabbed the railing, and said "Fuck me, Jamie."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Do I sound unsure? Fuck me now, damn it."

I put my hands on her waist to brace myself and without any hesitation, slid my cock slowly into her pussy.

"Fuck!" she said. "Not like that. Harder. Faster. My pussy's hot as hell."

I rammed my cock into her as hard as I could, and I heard her gasp.

"Oh, you're so hard, so hard," she said.

"Your pussy feels so good," I said. "So wet. So hot."

"Oh fuck, fuck, Jamie, fuck me hard, just like that."

I really don't know what the fuck we were saying after a point: just random porno words, fuck and hard and wet, as she begged me to go faster. Finally she said "Cum in me, fill my pussy with your hot cum,"
and I have to be honest I hadn't even thought about whether it was safe to cum in her -- but seconds after she said it, I began spurting cum inside her, continuing to pump my cock into her as I came, feeling my cum, mixed with her own pussy juices, spraying out of her pussy, dripping down her legs, dripping onto my balls. And then she came, screaming, her scream echoing in the quiet night.

I kept fucking her until her orgasm came down, knowing that Ellie might have heard her screaming, but knowing there was nothing I could do about it at that point anyway.

Of course it hardly mattered, because when we looked up, we saw Ellie standing by the side of the pool watching us, dressed in a short, diaphanous teddy that would have made me hard all over again if I
weren't so thoroughly spent. And surprised. And, well, scared.

"Having fun?" she asked us.

"This isn't what it looks like," I said.

"It looks like my husband fucking my best friend," she said. She raised her hand from her side, and I saw that she was holding a gun. "Out of the pool," she said to Amy, pointing the gun at her.

"Ellie," I said, "what the fuck..." 

She turned the gun on me for just a moment to shut me up, then back at Amy.

Amy hesitated, looked down at herself. "Yes, I know you're naked," Ellie said. "Now out."

Amy climbed out of the pool, and Ellie walked her over to a spot under a tree, maybe fifty feet away. I could barely see them, the moonlight shaded by the early spring leaves, but I heard Ellie say something, then Amy say something, then Ellie saying something that sounded very angry, and then Ellie shot her.

"What the fuck," I said again, much more loudly, running naked from the pool. I grabbed the gun from Ellie's hand, and looked down at Amy's body. How had this gone so bad so quickly? We'd bought the gun last year after a series of home break-ins across town, but I didn't think Ellie even knew how to load the damn thing.

"Get a hold of yourself," Ellie said. "First thing, we have to get her into the house before rigor begins. Good thing she's small. Pick her up – carefully, damn it, we can't have any post-mortem bruising – and let's get her into her house. We want her in her living room before the blood begins to pool in her body"

"How the hell do you know all this?" I asked her.

"I watch a lot of CSI," she said. "Now will you focus?"

"Right," I said. "Sorry." I picked up Amy's body. "Carefully," Ellie said again. "Carry her as if she were still alive and you don't want to hurt her. Carry her as if she's an egg you can't afford to break."

"What good will this do?" I asked her.

"She'll be found in her own home, and let Dan try to explain it when he gets home."

"That's not right," I said.

"The bastard's spending the week with his girlfriend. Ellie never believed that 'trip for work' bullshit. Why do you think she came on to you? So let him use his girlfriend for an alibi if he can. Maybe he can convince the police it was that burglar from last year; who gives a shit?"

I was just lucky I didn't trip over something walking through the backyards to Dan and Amy's house in the near-darkness. When we got to the house, Ellie didn't turn on any lights. "I don't want any neighbors across the street see the lights suddenly go on at 2 in the morning," she explained. 

I gently laid Amy's body down on the floor. "But wait," I said to Ellie. "She's got my... uh... semen in her. Won't the police find that?"

"So?" Ellie asked. "Perfect. They'll think Dan found out you were fucking her, perfect motive for him. Stop being a little girl about this. I have this all thought out."

I think the scariest part of all this was how much thought Ellie had put into it. What if she decided she wanted me dead next?

We left Amy there, Ellie re-locked the door with her key – we'd exchanged keys with Dan and Amy a while back – and we went home.

And Ellie fell asleep almost immediately.

I couldn't sleep, How could I sleep? Three hours ago Amy was just a cute neighbor. Since then I'd stripped her naked, performed oral sex on her, had sex with her, watched my wife shoot her, and helped her move the body to help frame her husband. And Ellie didn't seem the least bit bothered by it.

I might never sleep again.

And then I heard the noise. Not outside this time, but footsteps. Coming upstairs.

The bedroom door opened. 

Amy walked in, still naked.

"Amy!" I shouted. "What the fuck...?"

"Quiet!" she said sharply. "You'll wake Ellie."

"What do you mean, you're talking as loudly as I am. You were dead. Weren't you dead? You were dead."

"Shhh! You'll wake Ellie," she said again. "Just because she can't hear me, doesn't mean she can't hear you."

"What?"

She walked over to my side of the bed. "Do the math, Jamie. I am dead."

"I'm asleep, then. Of course."

Amy climbed into the bed next to me. She pointed to me: "Awake." Then back to herself: "Dead. And I have some unfinished business here." She pulled back my blanket, exposing my cock. How could I be so hard already? Probably because my cock has no idea Amy's a ghost. It just sees a naked woman climbing into bed next to me while my wife sleeps on my other side.

She took my cock in her hand, said "I never finished that blowjob," then leaned over me and slid it into her mouth.

Her mouth felt warm around my cock. Is that normal? Fuck, what's "normal" when a dead woman is giving you a blowjob?

This has to be just a wet dream, I thought. That's it. I'm asleep. Just because somebody in my dream tells me I'm awake doesn't make it so. I came home and fell asleep. Or maybe the whole night was a dream: Amy never came over to swim tonight, half-naked, we never fucked, Ellie never shot her, I just fell asleep waiting for her.

She sucked harder, licking my shaft at the same time. Shit, this is no dream. I've never had a wet dream this good. Nobody has.

Suddenly she squeezed my balls lightly, and I began cumming into her mouth. She continued sucking hard as I came and a few seconds later, both physically and emotionally drained, I finally fell asleep.

         #

When I woke up, not three hours later, Amy was still in the bed, on my left, while Ellie slept on my right. "Hey, neighbor," Amy said.

"Umm," I said, "you're still...?"

"Dead?"

"I was going to say 'here'."

"Are you trying to get rid of me?"

"No. I mean no, but... I thought the blowjob was your unfinished business, and now you're, you know, supposed to move on. Or something. I don't know how these things work."

"I decided to stay. Is that okay? Don't worry, I'm not going to start looking like a zombie or anything. I figured I'd stay here with you guys." She reached over and stroked my cock. "And any time you want a good fuck, I'm here for you. Does that sound good?"

"It sounds great," I said, "but..."

"But what?" she asked, softly pumping my cock.

"But nothing."

"It works both ways though," she said. "When I need to be fucked..."

"Of course."

She climbed out of the bed, put her hands on the back of a chair near the window, and leaned over. "I need to be fucked," she said, with a smile. "And since you're the only one who can see me..."

I followed her across the room. My cock was already hard and when she said "Don't wait, put it in me now," I slid my cock slowly but firmly into her pussy. "Mmm," she said. "I could get used to this. What do you think, Jamie – could you... ahh, that's nice... could you get used to having me around? Could you satisfy both your wife and a ghost girlfriend?"

"I can," I said, fucking her more quickly now. "I will, or I'll die trying-- oops, I mean..."

She started to laugh, but her laugh was cut short by a gasp. "Oh, like that. Just like that."

"Oh yeah," I said. "Feels so good. Your pussy feels so good. I want to--"

"What the fuck are you doing?" Ellie suddenly shouted.

I froze.

I could see her trying to wipe the sleep out of her eyes. "Why are you standing there against the chair with your dick sticking out?"

"Um..."

"Don't ask me," Amy said with a grin."I'm invisible, remember?"

"Post Traumatic Sex Disorder?" I said. "I mean Stress. Stress Disorder."

"Nice recovery," Amy said.

Ellie walked over to me "I swear, it looked like you were sleep-fucking or something." She reached for my hand, and my cock slid out of Amy's pussy.

"Awww," Amy said. Then she suddenly turned around, pushed me to the side, and planted her mouth on Ellie's left breast and began roughly sucking her nipple

"What are you doing?" Ellie asked me. "Wait, you're not doing that. Jamie, what's going on here?"

"What do you mean?" I asked, trying to sound innocent..

"Huhh, huhh," Ellie gasped, enjoying Amy's sucking in spite of her confusion. Then Amy got to her knees and planted her face in Ellie's pussy. "Oh! That feels so... Jamie, what the fuck's going on here?"

"Um..."

"Tell me," Ellie repeated. "That feels so good. But it scares me. Jamie, tell me now. Please."

Amy took her face away from Ellie pussy. "You can't tell her, Jamie. Not ever. If you do, I'll disappear forever."

"Um..."

Ellie grabbed the back of Amy's head and pulled her mouth back onto her pussy. "Shut up. Don't stop eating me out, I'm so close."

"What?" I said. "What?"

Amy went back to work on Ellie's pussy with renewed vigor, and Ellie started making breathing hard, almost hyperventilating, the way she sometimes did when she was ready to cum. Her knees started to buckle as she groaned very loudly. I grabbed her under her arms. "Help me to the bed," she said, catching her breath.

"I never saw you cum that intensely before," Amy said.

"We never had Jamie watching us before."

"Ellie," I said, "you can see her? Hear her?"

"Jamie, grab your cell phone from the nightstand."

"What? Okay, but..."

"What's the date?"

"April Fir... fuck... oh, fuck..."

Amy leaned over and kissed me on the mouth. "Yup," she said.

"April Fools, dear," Ellie said.

"This was all... you were..."

"That's right," Amy said.

"You're psychos."

"Jamie," Ellie said, "Dan's gone. He is off on a business trip, but he made it clear before he left that it's all over. He hasn't touched Amy in months, and, well..."

"You have?"

"They're probably going to sell the house," Ellie said. "Divorce, that's what happen. I told Amy she could live here with us for a while, but we wanted to make sure you were..."

"That you'd be okay with the three of us living in close quarters," Amy continued. 

"One bed," Ellie said. "And if you and I want to fuck, or you and Amy, or... me and Amy... anything goes. For as long as we want it to."

"Hell yeah," I said. And what followed were some of the best years of my life.

Especially after Amy's cousin Dawn showed up.

And really, was there ever any question about the story somehow ending up this way? This is Literotica, after all, which pretty much expects every character to want to do the nasty with most every other character.