 It was a hot, humid afternoon and I was lazing around the house doing nothing in particular when the phone rang. 

"Hello" I said.

"Hi, Matt. It's Nancy." Nancy was Lynn's mother. I had tutored Lynn during her senior year.

"What are you doing today?" asked Nancy.

"Oh, nothing really. Just hanging around the house trying to stay cool." I said.

"Well, then you have time to come over and enjoy the pool. We never really got a chance to thank you for all the help you gave Lynn during the school year." Nancy said.

"Sounds great to me." I replied. "I'll be over in about 30 minutes, if that's OK?"

Nancy said "That's great! I'll be around back, so just come on around."

Now, I was looking forward to seeing Nancy and Lynn in bathing suits! Both were petite. Nancy was about 5 foot 2 inches tall and slim. Lynn was about 5 foot 1 inch and gorgeous. It had been hard tutoring her for a year and not letting her see the hardons she gave me. We had to sit right next to each other during the tutoring sessions and it was hard to keep my mind on business—and pretend not to notice her nice tits and ass as I sat there. Lynn would occasionally wear short shorts and a halter top and rub her leg on mine as we sat. I never could tell whether it was intentional or accidental. I thought I would never be lucky enough for an eighteen year old to be interested in an old fart like me. My mind played out many fantasies as I drove over to their house.

When I got there, I got out of my car and walked around back. I expected Nancy to already be in the pool; but she was on her knees weeding the flower bed. She was dressed in shorts and a halter top and was covered in sweat. In other words she looked hot and sexy. I thought to myself, wouldn't it be nice to just go over and fuck her right now! I had never had any indications that Nancy was a "roving" wife, so I quickly erased that picture from my mind.

Nancy rose and said "Well, you made it. I was just finishing up some weeding while I waited on you. The pool is going to feel great."

I said, "I can't wait." All the time I was thinking about the vision of Nancy and Lynn in bikinis etched in my mind. 

Nancy said, "Well, let's jump in."

I said, "Where can I change into my swimsuit?"

"We usually just skinny dip!" Nancy said.

This was my first indication that maybe today was not going to be just another ordinary, boring day in my life. Nancy quickly undid her halter top and exposed her tits. "You like?" she asked. I think the visible hardon in my shorts answered that question before I formed the words in my mouth.

"I think they'll make a tasty mouthful." I said. I just stood there with a dumbfounded look on my face as Nancy slowly removed her shorts. I quickly discovered that she didn't have any panties on. As she turned to face me, my eyes took in her lovely shaved cunt. She had her clit hood pierced with a gold ring. Now I really had a raging hardon! I was thinking to myself—oh, man I can't wait to eat that cunt!

Nancy turned and dove into the pool. As she bobbed to the surface, she said "come on in, the water is great." I quickly removed my shirt and shorts—not an easy task with my 9 inch boner in the way. As I finally got ready to dive into the water, Nancy said "That looks like a tasty mouthful to me, also." I dove into the water and quickly swam over to Nancy. I wrapped my arms around her and drew her tight against my chest. My cock slipped between her legs and I rubbed it against her cunt lips. I whispered in her ear "I want to eat your cunt until you scream for mercy! I want you to suck the cum out of my cock. I want to fuck your cunt and your ass." Nancy leaned back and said "you are ambitious aren't you."

We swam over to the edge of the pool and got out. Lucky for me there was a lounge chair close by. Nancy laid down on her back and spread her legs for me. As I inched closer to her cunt I could smell the cunt juice that was visible on her cunt lips. I couldn't wait to taste her. I quickly ran my tongue from the bottom of her cunt to her clit. Her juices covered my tongue and lips. I flicked the ring piercing her hood and she let out a barely audible groan. I slowly sucked her clit into my mouth and started to nibble on it. Nancy whimpered "Agh! Suck it, yeah, suck it good!" As I sucked on her clit, I slowly worked two fingers into her pussy. Boy, was she hot and wet. I quickly got another two fingers into her and started finger fucking her with gusto. She immediately started humping her hips against my mouth. I knew she wasn't going to last much longer. Her juices were flooding my mouth.

Nancy was letting out little whimpering gasps as I worked my fingers in and out of her cunt. I took my fingers out and started to tongue fuck her. Her humping became more frenzied and I worked one of my fingers into her ass. That was all it took. 

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming." Nancy moaned and grabbed my head and held it against her cunt. 

It took a few minutes for both of us to catch our breath. Nancy had this satisfied look on her face and a twinkle in her eye. "Now, it's your turn" she said.

I rolled over onto my back. Nancy crawled on top of me and started kissing her way down my chest. The closer she got to my cock, the harder I got. She started to nibble the inside of my thighs and slowly worked her way to my balls. She sucked one and then the other into her mouth. I was in heaven! Nancy raised up on her knees and stuck out her tongue and teased the head of my cock. She moaned in her throat as she licked up my precum. I watched as she slowly took my cock into her mouth and worked her way down to the base.

This woman is an A1 cocksucker, I thought to myself. Nancy started to bob up and down on my cock like it was an all-day sucker. I knew I couldn't last for long at this pace. "If you don't stop, I'm going to fill your mouth with cum" I moaned. This only seemed to spur Nancy on as she sucked my cock back down her throat. I grabbed her head and started to fuck her mouth—bucking my hips up to meet her mouth. I let out a loud moan as my cum started to flood her mouth. Rope after rope of semen spewed from my cock. I hadn't cum like this in ages. As I finished cumming, Nancy slowly started to flick her tongue across the head of my cock. Each flick was like a hot poker touching my cock and my cock seemed to have a mind of its own as it bounced against her tongue.

About that time, I heard the screen door open onto the deck. "Mother, you never wait for me to join in the fun!" It was Lynn. She was naked as the day she was born, strolling across the deck. Her shaved cunt was glistening in the afternoon sunlight. I knew this was going to be an unforgettable afternoon!