 Val dragged Brian by the hand, sneaking him up the back stairs of the girls' dorm, knowing that she'd be written up if she got caught. His heart pounded out the rhythm in his brain, even though even though they'd done this many times before, as they took the steps two at a time. It wasn't only the exertion that quickened his pulse, though. There was something else, a wicked gleam in her eye that said this would be more than the usual evening festivities.

They reached the top of the stairs and eased the door of the stairwell open. The baser part of his brain set up a slide show of sexual memories--her on her knees, sucking him off in this very stairwell, the naughty smile she had when they'd fucked each other silly in the car, in the movie theater parking lot, having to keep their hands moving on and in one another so they wouldn't freeze, or when they'd spent time in the dorm kitchen cooking up more than breakfast. Damn, this girl was hot...the hottest he'd ever had, not that he'd had much. But she was the kind of hot that had your friends slapping you on the back and calling you a lucky man, even though you didn't talk about it. Maybe it was the fact you didn't talk about it that made them know she was volcanic.

They took quick, light steps down the hall to her room. She opened the door and pushed him gently inside, glancing up and down the hall to make sure they weren't caught. Brian pulled Val inside and kissed her, a long, hungry, seeking kiss. They'd both had partners before, several each, but their sex was so wild and sweet, so exotic and hot.

A movement behind him caused Brian to leap in shock.

"Jesus!" he shouted, half-expecting Val's father to be standing there with a weapon, which is pretty much the nightmare of any college sophomore trying to do bad things to some man's daughter.

Jumping and turning at the same time, his eyes widened in surprise as he saw--another girl? Stammering, he tried to say hello, politely, nonchalantly, and failed utterly. Stunned, he glanced at Val, his eyes saying, "Um, what's she doing here? I thought we were gonna fuck!"

Val smiled. "Baby, this is Kim, from my human sexuality class...Kim, this is Brian, my boyfriend."

"Uh, yeah. Hi. It's, um, nice to meet you, Kim." He wiped his sweaty palms off on his jeans before reaching his hand out to shake hers.

"Nice to meet you too, Brian." She took his hand in a soft, tentative grip, looking anxiously to Val.

He couldn't stand it anymore. This was topping off his weird-o-meter. If Val wanted him to spend time with her friends, that was totally cool with him, but he couldn't believe he'd misread her signals so badly.

"Um, Val?" he murmured, pulling her to him for a second. "Uh,I don't wanna seem rude, but, what are we doing? If you want to spend time with your friend...no problem...I'm up for that...we can go to a movie or something..."

Val's smile grew broader.

"Why don't you sit down, baby? I'll tell you what I'm thinking about how we should spend the evening."

Brian pulled up a seat, swallowing, looking from Val to Kim. Val looked completely comfortable, as always. This girl had presence, man; he never saw her in a situation where she wasn't just as cool as can be. It was one of the things that had made him so hot for her. Her friend Kim, on the other hand, looked a little squirmy and uncomfortable.

A phrase came back to him from what Val had just said...human sexuality class...oh, no. Brian's head began to shake involuntarily...surely not.

Val continued. "See, baby, in human sexuality class, we've been talking about male and female sexual response cycles. You know, arousal, plateau, orgasm, refractory period. And how men's and women's are different, and what that means as far as what they need in bed.

"Well, Kim and I got a coke afterward and started talking about it, and she told me, " letting her eyes rest on Kim for a second, "that since she didn't have any experience with boys' arousal, that she didn't really understand the lecture."

"And so I thought...well...I mean, you're all for helping somebody study, right? You're on the honor roll. You wouldn't want to deny somebody a chance to get educated, would you?"

She leaned in to nibble at his lips, and hers were smiling, and the germ of an idea forming in his head suddenly burst into full bloom.

"Val!" Brian looked from Val to Kim. "What the fuck?"

Val looked him dead in the eye, her eyes wickedly challenging. "Of course, if you don't want to help Kim pass her class, we can just go to the movies."

Yeah, right, like he was going to pass up this opportunity, and WITH his girlfriend's knowledge and approval. Shit, she'd rigged the whole fucking thing. His shirt vaporized from his shoulders and chest. He honestly didn't remember taking it off.

Val's grin broadened. She knew he'd be game. She'd outpaced him a bit in the experience department, but she knew deep down, that he'd be game for just about anything. She looked at poor Kim, whose eyes were as big as silver dollars. "Kim, why don't you get a little more comfortable? Just kick off your shoes and watch for a bit." Kim's face flamed with color, but she did get comfortable. Her blouse gapped away from her chest as she reached down and took off her shoes.

Where Val was long and lean and blonde, that Cali-girl look Brian loved, Kim was just as dark and petite, but as he got a view down her blouse, he realized that she was also very curvy.

Val laughed a bit as she caught Brian's look down Kim's blouse. Oh, this was going to be good.

"Okay, let's start with arousal. Of course, good ol' Brian here already has a head start!" she said, noticing the bulge, even below the loose, low-slung jeans.

"Watch this. I can make his cock twitch with things I do other places, like nibble his ear." Her little teeth grazed him there, and sure enough, his cock bobbed. Kim let a little giggle slip out of her throat, her eyes wide.

"The rest of his chest isn't quite as sensitive as ours is, but the nipples are." She gently scraped one with a clear fingernail, and as he jumped, a long, low moan tore from him.

Kim's fingers flexed, and Val didn't miss that. 

"Why don't you come try it, hon?"

Kim approached Brian, whose breathing was already shallow, his face flushed, and his dark eyes wild. She reached out a finger and touched the springy hair surrounding the nipple, then lightly scraped across it, watching it swell and harden immediately.

"Oh, wow! It doesn't take much for him, does it? That's amazing. And his cock twitched when I did it."

Val's eyes gleamed, watching Brian with Kim, knowing he must be reciting something to himself to keep from cumming.

"Okay, some more stuff for the arousal phase. Brian, take off your pants, baby."

In a daze, Brian obeyed her. There wasn't anything he wouldn't have done for her right at this moment. He took down his jeans, kicking them out of the way, then his briefs, hard cock springing free, every ridge and vein defined. He didn't know if he'd ever been this hard.

"Kim, you don't normally get to start out with them as hard as this," Val said, winking at her. "When they're soft, you can put your fingers around them like this?" Val softly wrapped her fingers around Brian's swollen shaft, "and just move them a little. Trust me, it won't take long to get them up."

"Try it. Put your thumb here, like this, then wrap your fingers around the other way."

Kim's hand mimicked Val's movement, wrapping her fingers over the top, thumb along the bottom. Brian's eyes closed as he shuddered and moaned, then opened his eyes to look at Val pleadingly.

"Kim, if he looks like he's about to cum, I want you to do this." Val took the head of Brian's cock between her fingers and pinched it gently, holding it there until the need to cum ebbed away.

Kim laughed a little. "How do I know if he's about to cum?"

Val winked at her, laughing too. "That's right, I forgot! I'll tell you."

"Okay, here are the really sensitive parts on Brian. It's a little different on each guy, but here."

Val stroked a little spot at the base of Brian's cock, right above his balls. "This one gets him good!" she grinned as Brian groaned again.

"But the major stuff to remember is the underneath part, right along the bottom here." Val's fingertips ran along the vein on the underside. "This part swells and gets really full when he gets hot. Touch him here. Light, like this."

Kim's hand traced Val's movement, the soft pads of her fingers stroking up the underside.

"The skin is so different from the skin on the rest of a guy, isn't it?"

Val nodded. "It is! It's like it's silky-smooth, but you can feel everything that's going on underneath it."

"Another cool place to touch him is right here. See where the head stops and the rest of him starts. There's that little ridge all the way around. That's really sensitive, especially if you use your tongue."

And with that, her blonde head reached down, her Cali-girl hair tickling his thighs, and she gave that ridge a slow twirling lick.

"Ahh...ahhh...shit, Val..."

Kim's dark head bent even before Val invited her to, so hungry she was for a taste, her lick not quite as precise, but more lingering.

"Brian, you are the first cock Kim has ever tasted. What do you think about that?" Val's eyes gleamed.

His answer was a hoarse groan, words and sentences beyond him now.

Val continued. "Other good places are here. See the little ridge right there? If a guy's been circumcised, there's a scar right there that's really sensitive. If he hasn't been circumcised, the foreskin just kinda folds over the head until he gets hard. It's no big deal, just looks a little different."

Brian's head snapped up for an instant, growling with jealousy that Val knew what an uncircumcised cock looked like! But he closed his eyes and shut that out while Kim explored all the most tender places on him. God love a girl with an education. He'd worry about his ego some other time.

"You really have to watch his balls. They're very sensitive. You can't really squeeze them, or it hurts. You just kinda hold them like this."

Val's hand cuddled Brian's balls lightly, then guided Kim's hand to them, showing her how to position her fingers so that she held, cuddled, without hurting him.

"Look how he's starting to thrust his hips up. That means he's getting closer, and his moans change too. But the kicker is that he starts to drip a little."

Val rubbed the head of Brian's cock, a delicate string of precum attached to her finger.

"Here, taste it. It's not bad at all. Don't listen to the girls who say the taste is terrible, because nothing makes a guy hotter than being able to cum in your mouth!"

Kim took a lick of Val's finger just inches from Brian's face.

"Mmm...pretty good, actually."

Brian was beginning to thrash and moan, and Val knew he wasn't far away now.

"Okay, Kim, take your hand and just stroke. Brian likes it really light, but other guys might like it harder. Just move your fingers up and down the shaft. Start out really slow, then speed up as he gets hotter, and cuddle his balls with the other hand."

Kim's eyes were round, delighted, as she began to stroke a little too hard at first. Coaxed by Val's fingers, she began to move lightly and rapidly up and down, cuddling his balls with the other hand. Her eyes were transfixed on his cock, only every now and again looking up to his ecstatic face.

Val brushed Brian's hair back off his forehead. "Is that good, baby?" she crooned to him. "Tell her what you need. Faster, slower? Harder or softer?"

"Perfect," he managed to croak out. "Oh, fuck, Val."

Content that Kim knew what she was doing, Val stayed up near Brian's head, kissing him, playing with his nipples, talking low in his ear.

"Every guy I know wants to be with two girls at once. If you like her, maybe we can teach her some other stuff. Like maybe two girls licking and sucking you? One girl on your face, the other one on your cock? Hmmmm?"

Brian's hips were all over the place, and Kim was having a hard time keeping up with them. She might be new at this, but she was more than game.

Val took charge again. "He's getting a lot closer to cumming now. Now is where you've gotta focus on all the spots that will get him over the top. You can suck the head, and run your finger especially on this spot...right...here....really light and fast."


Kim's fingers were beginning to know him now, beginning to play him, her lips curving into a smile as she started to learn her lessons about pleasing a man, and the power in doing so.

Val slithered down next to Kim, both of them in front of Brian's throbbing cock. "Okay, he's getting ready to cum now. Some guys kinda spill out, others shoot out in pulses. Do you want him to cum on you, or just in your hand?"

Kim shook her head a little, so Val smiled in understanding.

"If you learn to take a faceful, guys love that, but you don't have to now. As it starts to shoot out, use it as lube. Rub it all over his cock, and it'll spill out on his thighs. Keep the pace up for the first few spurts, but then his cock'll get really sensitive, so you want to make things lighter and slower as he keeps cumming."

A loud groan from above..."OHHH FUCCCKKK...YEAHHHH...I'm gonna cum....I'm CUMMMINGG...!!!"

Val and Kim exchanged a giggle as Brian thrust forward with all his might. Val held his thighs as Kim kept up her motions on his cock and balls. The first rope of hot cum boiled up his shaft and out, a flying stream that wet Kim's shirt, as Brian howled, "YESSSSSSSS!"

Both girls began to moan, low in their throats, that totally involuntary, satisfied sound that a woman makes when her man is cumming hard.

"Yes, baby, cum for Kim and me. Cum for us, yeah..."

Kim echoed, "Mmmmm...." her hand sliding up and down his slippery cock, slower now, and more lightly, watching Brian's face contort, his groans spilling without restraint.

Kim laughed a little at her sticky hand, as Val got up to get a warm, wet cloth to clean both of them with. Brian was still twisting and writhing, staring up into Val's eyes.

"Ohhh god...that was...that was..." he couldn't finish. He just panted, trying to get his heart rate back down and his breathing back to normal. Any attempt to try to be the "cool guy" at this point was just hopeless. He just stared at the two in stunned amazement.

Kim giggled, and said, "Val, he's still completely hard."

Val nodded, her eyes glowing. "Yeah,I know. Isn't it great? Sometimes they'll stay like that, and sometimes it just takes a little while for them to get soft again. But that's the great thing about Brian. Even if he gets soft, that never lasts for long."

"Especially around you!" he grunted, at last able to complete a sentence.

The three of them were chuckling, panting, wiping each other off, when a loud knock at the door startled them. Val cleared her throat nervously, as Brian took a dive toward the closet and Kim hid his clothes and the cum-stained rag.

"Who is it?"

She opened the door, and the resident assistant poked her head in.

"You guys are getting a little loud in here. Everything okay?"

Val and Kim nodded, as Brian writhed in the closet.

"Sorry about that!" Val said. "We just got carried away while we were studying."

"Yeah," Kim chimed in. "These late-night sessions are a killer!"

copright 2000 Mandolin Erotica