 I thought our cute young neighbor was just a tease -- but before I knew it, we were in the shallow end of our pool at 2 in the morning fucking, not caring that my wife was asleep upstairs.

Well, at least WE THOUGHT she was asleep.

We'd barely just cum when we saw her standing poolside, looking down at us. "Having fun?" she asked.

Amy and I froze, my cock still in her pussy, though slowly shrinking its way out of it. With the moonlight at Ellie's back, I couldn't see her facial expression: Was she smiling? scowling? squinting as she aimed a pistol?

Amy reacted first: she quickly walked up the pool steps, grabbed Ellie's arm, and pulled her into the pool, dragging her almost all the way to the deep end before she could regain her balance. Finally, Ellie broke free and dove underwater, coming back up in the shallow end. Was Amy trying to drown Ellie? Was Ellie going to kill both of us? I had no idea what was going on,and felt totally silly just standing there in knee-deep water, my limp dick just hanging there.

When Ellie stood up, I could see that her wet teddy was clinging to her like a second skin, far sexier than simply a naked body. I felt stirring down below and I was sure that in another minute or so, I'd be ready to fuck the hell out of my wife. Assuming she was ever going to have sex with me again.

She looked at me, and then at Amy, and said "This is my own fault, you know."

What? I thought.

"What do you mean?" Amy asked her.

Shut the fuck up! I thought. If she wants to blame herself and not us, don't question it!

"I thought I could trust you two," Ellie said. "But I should have known this would happen when I saw you in that white bikini last night."

"You saw us?" Amy and I said at once.

"The window looks right out to the pool," Ellie said. "Well, you know that. That's how you saw Amy last night. And the whole point of that bikini, the reason I talked Amy into getting it, was so she could wake things up between her and Dan."

"So what now?" I asked. "You and me, I mean."

"I don't know," Ellie said. "You... you fucked my best friend. That's not something I can just forget. I don't know whether I can trust you anymore."

"Liar," Amy said.

We both turned to look at her. "What?" Ellie asked.

Amy stepped right in front of Ellie, standing not two feet away from her, the two women's breasts almost touching -- Amy still naked, of course, and Ellie might as well have been. "That wasn't the only reason you wanted me to buy that bikini."

"What are you talking about?"

"You got all excited when you saw me trying it on."

I looked from Amy to Ellie. What? What?

"That's crazy."

"We were in the dressing room together," Amy said. "You were naked on top. Your face flushed and your nipples got hard." She moved a little closer, until their breasts touched. "Just the way they're getting hard now."

Ellie took a step backward, "They're hard because I'm all wet and the nightgown is clingy and there's a chill. And stop talking about my nipples anyway."

"Ellie, Ellie, it doesn't make you gay or anything. Dan's a lost cause, I bought this because I knew YOU thought it was hot."

"You're not making any sense."

"Are you telling me you wouldn't get aroused if I did this?" Amy said, placing a hand on Ellie's left breast.

Ellie shivered, then slapped her hand away. "No!"

Amy pushed both shoulder straps to the side, and the soaking-wet teddy fell down Ellie's body and into the pool. Ellie ran over to me -- as much as you can "run" in knee-deep water, anyway -- and pressed her body against my chest. My cock was plenty hard by now, and of course she felt it.

I held her close for about half a minute, while Amy seemed to be trying to think of something to say. I think at this point Ellie was more angry about what Amy said than about the fact that we'd had sex (though I knew that could change at any moment). Then Ellie took me by the hand, led me out of the pool and onto the grass. "Fuck me," she said.

"What?"

She lay down on her back. "Fuck me right now. Fuck me harder than you've ever fucked me in your life, harder than you've ever fucked anybody, or I'll never forgive you, I swear it. Fuck me!"

Not too much pressure! But fortunately, I was still turned on enough to do the job.

It took a few seconds before her pussy was wet enough to take me in; but once she was, I fucked her without finesse, just pounding my cock into her over and over. This had to be hurting her back, having it repeatedly slammed into the hard ground, but I knew she didn't want me to stop. She was groaning, maybe from the pain, maybe from a series of small orgasms, maybe both and the pain fed the orgasms, I don't know.

I don't know how long we were at it: I'd have cum in less than five minute if I could -- we'd both proven whatever points we needed to prove -- but Amy had drained me so completely, it was taking me a long time to cum again.

(And now the thought of sliding my cock into Amy's pussy was making me even harder, as I continued to give Ellie the vigorous fucking she'd asked for)

Amy stood there watching us for the first ten minutes at least, and sometime after that she put on her robe and went home.

NEXT: AMY TRIES TO MAKE AMENDS 