 If you've read my story "The Festival" you'll know who Amy is. She's a beautiful blonde girl in her late twenties, who used to be my girlfriend. "The Festival" is the story of how we went to the Glastonbury festival with two of our friends, Jen and Ste, and how things got really out of hand. 

It started with a game of poker on the first night that degenerated into a foursome. The next day we met Amy's ex-girlfriend, Kate, and within an hour she was spraying all four of us with her pussy juice. Then I went with Amy and Kate to meet Keira, Kate's eighteen-year old French cousin, and I spent a night fucking all three of them. The next morning it started getting really screwed up with Kate taking her pain fetish too far, and me and Amy really falling out. 

The upshot was that Jen and I left the festival together, and have been together ever since. That weekend at Glastonbury was almost two years ago and Jen and I now live together in a flat in London. We're engaged, and we're getting married in November.

That's all another story though. This story is about what happened when Amy showed up at our flat six months ago. I'd not seen her since the festival. In fact the last time I'd seen her I'd been looking in through the windows of our rented motorhome at her being tied up by Kate and Ste, then roughly fucked in the ass by him, and fisted in the pussy by her. She'd been in a lot of pain, but what had really shocked me was that she'd been really enjoying it.

We'd spoken on the phone a couple of times after that night, but hadn't seen each other. She'd calmly accepted that I was with Jen, and had come round to my flat one morning when I was out to collect her toothbrush and empty out the drawer of her belongings. It was a strange way to end a relationship of three years. I'd loved Amy, and, although I was totally happy with Jen, I'd always hoped to see Amy again one day. Just to see how she was getting on.

So, when I answered my door one Saturday afternoon last September to see Amy standing on my doorstep, it was quite a surprise.

I stood there for what felt like a long time not sure of what to say.

She was as beautiful as ever. She'd cut her blonde hair short, and it really suited her that way. It was a warm morning and she was wearing a tight pink t-shirt stretched across her 38D tits, and a short, black skirt that showed her smooth, tanned legs all the way down to her high-heeled black strappy sandals.

"Hi, Nick," she said uncertainly, and reached up to peck me on the cheek.

I snapped out of my reverie, saying, "Hi Amy!", and pulling her towards me, into the sort of embrace you give an ex, someone you've slept with for three years but you're no longer intimate with. She squeezed back and I felt her breasts crush up against my chest, and my cock responded with an involuntary twitch.

I pulled away from her. "Come in," I said and led the way into our living room, where we stood smiling at each other, neither of us sure what to say next.

Eventually, she said: "Jen not in?"

"Er, no," I said, uncomfortably. "She's at her mum's in Brighton for the afternoon. She won't be back till later this evening."

Amy nodded and stared at her shoes. I wasn't sure what to say or do. Why had she turned up out of the blue like this?

"So," I began uncertainly. "How are you?"

Amy began to smile, but faltered halfway there. Her chin and lower lip began to wobble and her eyes filled with tears. She was trying to control it, but it was too much. She burst out with a wail: "Awful, Nick. I don't know what to do. I'm not good at all."

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close to me again. "What's happened?" I asked.

She was sobbing into my chest, heaving with emotion. I reached up to stroke her hair and to brush the tears from her cheeks. "It's ok, Amy. Don't worry. It's ok."

After a couple of minutes, she'd cried herself out and breathing in deeply, she looked up at me, her blue eyes rimmed with red.

"I'm so sorry," she said. "I don't know what I'm doing here. I just didn't know where else to go."

"That's ok, Amy. It's good to see you. Are you going to tell me what's happened though?"

She sat down on the sofa and I sat next to her. She took another deep breath, trying to control herself. "I've left Kate."

"You've left Kate? Were you with Kate?"

"Didn't you know?" She looked genuinely surprised.

I didn't want to tell her I'd had better things to worry about than who she was or wasn't sleeping with, so I said: "Sorry yes, of course you were. So, you split up? Why?"

Another tear ran down her cheek as she looked at the wooden floor. "She's horrible."

I could have told you that a year ago, I thought, but decided not to say it. I thought back to Kate's cruel streak and her predilection for inflicting pain on her sexual partners.

"I'm so sorry, Amy," I said, reaching out to hold her hand. "Tell me about it. What did she do?"

Amy left her hand in mine and began to tell her story.

"I should have known what I was getting into. I mean she was pretty full on that time at Glastonbury. But I liked it then. It really turned me on. I don't know if it was because I was losing you to Jen, or what, but I liked being tied up and hurt a bit. She never hurt me too much. Just enough so it was exciting.

"And it stayed like that for a long time. When we got back to London I moved in with her straight away and the sex was incredible. I'd only ever been in relationships with men, so I'd never known that sex with a woman could be so good. 

"On the first night I lived with her, I got back home and found her lying naked on the bed surrounded by candles. She'd undressed me silently, then tied my hands together and kissed every inch of my body. By the time she reached my pussy it was on fire. I was desperate to feel her lips on me and I was arching my back, calling out her name. Then as soon as she ran her tongue over my clit I came. It was incredible. One of the best orgasms of my life. We didn't sleep that night. We did everything you could imagine with our hands and mouths, and her collection of sex toys."

I know I was meant to be listening sympathetically to a friend who'd just ended a relationship, but to be honest I was getting turned on by this story. I was picturing Amy thrashing about on the tongue of Kate, who although a complete bitch, was also a stunning redhead with amazing 38DD tits. I mean what man wouldn't be turned on by that image?

"Sex toys?" I said, seriously, as if it was an important factor in why the relationship went wrong. "Like what?"

I saw a smile flicker across Amy's face, before she resumed her serious expression and looked up at me wide-eyed: "She had so many I can't remember them all. I suppose the best one was the dildo she called The Beast. It is the biggest dildo you've ever seen. Later that evening, she had me on all fours, my hands still tied to the bed frame, and she slid that thing inside my pussy while she licked my ass. She had to go really slowly as it was so big. I mean you always filled me up, Nick, but this was something else. I don't know how she got it inside me. It was an amazing feeling though. Pain and phenomenal pleasure. When it was finally all the way in and she pushed the tip of her tongue inside my asshole I actually screamed with my orgasm. I came about six times before she finally pulled it out and then slowly licked it up and down, cleaning my juices off it."

I coughed and adjusted my position, so my erect cock wasn't digging into my jeans so much.

"I'm sorry," said Amy, sounding concerned and putting her hand on my thigh. "I don't mean to bore you with all the details. It's just that I don't want you to think it was always bad with Kate. At first we had such a good time."

"It sounds like it," I said, trying not to think about the sensation of Amy's hot hand resting on my leg, inches away from my throbbing cock.

"But then she started to change," Amy continued. "After a couple of months, she got bored of just having sex with me. She wanted to involve other people. I wasn't against the idea. I mean what we all did at Glastonbury was pretty amazing, despite how it all turned out. Wasn't it?"

I nodded. 

"So I agreed we'd go out and find a man to fuck. We both put on our sexiest outfits – Kate in a low cut, floaty green dress and me in a short skirt and the tightest t-shirt I could find."

It occurred to me that that was exactly what Amy was wearing now. I'd seen Kate's green dress already and I could just picture how hot the pair of them would have looked.

"We went to a posh hotel on Park Lane and sat at the bar with our drinks. In the next hour we counted seventeen men who came up and asked if they could buy us a drink. Kate sent them all away until Rick came along. He was tall, well over six foot, lean and muscular with short blonde hair and a firm jawline covered in stubble. He said something to make us laugh and so we let him buy us drinks. It turned out he was an Aussie, visiting London on a business trip, and he was staying in the hotel. 

"I guessed he was in his mid to late thirties, but he told us he wasn't married or even seeing anyone. I wasn't sure I believed him, but to be honest I didn't really care. Melbourne's a long way from London, and I was getting really turned on by the way he was looking at me, his eyes greedily taking in every inch of my body. I found myself staring at his big hands, imagining them holding my face, cupping my breasts, sliding into my pussy. 

"Kate was obviously thinking similar thoughts as, after twenty minutes of talking, she suggested we take a bottle of wine up to his room. As soon as the lift doors closed she pressed herself up against him, kissing him fiercely and rubbing the outline of what looked like an impressively big cock through his trousers. I watched them, feeling my pussy grower hotter and wetter, until we arrived at our floor. Kate pulled him towards our room, and I followed them inside."

Amy stopped talking suddenly and looked at her watch. 

"Oh my God, it's six o'clock. I didn't realise how long I'd been going on for. I'm so sorry, Nick. I should go."

"No! Don't!" I said a little too eagerly. "I'm happy to listen."

"Are you sure?" she looked at me through her eyelashes.

"Yeah, definitely. In fact, I fancy a drink. Do you want some wine?"

She nodded. "Mmm. That would be nice."

Then I realised I'd have to stand up to get the wine, and she'd see how turned on I was. I thought for a second about asking her to bring it in, but that wasn't going to look any better, so I realised I'd just have to go for it. I shifted a bit, so it wouldn't be too obvious, but, to be honest, when you've got a nine inch cock that's rock hard it's not that easy to hide. Amy glanced at my crotch when I stood up, then looked away with a smile.

"Red or white?" I asked, trying to ignore the huge tent in the front of my jeans.

"Red, please."

I came back with two glasses and an open bottle, poured us a glass each, and settled down to listen to the rest of Amy's story.

"Where was I?" she said. 

"You'd just got into the hotel room with the Aussie," I said.

"Oh yes. Well, it was an amazing night. It was one of the last times Kate and I were happy together. It all went wrong soon after then, but that night with Rick was incredible. Kate began by ordering him to strip for us. We lay side by side on our stomachs on the bed, while he carefully removed first his suit jacket, then his shoes and socks, then his trousers, and then his shirt. His chest was tanned and muscular, and his boxers were struggling to contain his already erect cock. Kate ordered him to remove those, and he obeyed, revealing a long, thick and very hard-looking cock. 

"We both sighed in anticipation and then Kate began to kiss me. She reached down to pull my t-shirt over my head and then moved lower to unzip my skirt. I looked over to see Rick running his hand up and down his cock, and I motioned for him to come nearer. Kate then slapped my face, and told me I'd touch his cock when she said so. I was used to her treating me like this. It turned me on, but Rick was a bit surprised. I guess you would be. He said I could touch it now if I wanted. Kate told him firmly that I wasn't allowed to. She told him to sit on the chair and watch. 

When he obeyed she got off the bed and walked towards him. She stepped out of her dress and stood in front of him in just her bra and panties. Then she unclipped her bra and slowly removed it, giving him a first look at her beautiful tits. Then she turned around, bent over and peeled down her panties. He groaned and carried on sliding his fist up and down his cock. From where I was on the bed I could see it throbbing and see the veins sticking out.

"Then Kate came back to the bed and took off my bra and panties, so we were all naked. She straddled my face and leaned forward so we were sixty-nining each other, and lowered her face to my pussy. I knew Rick could see me tonguing her pretty pink pussy with its bush of red curls, and the thought of him watching us made me cum even more quickly than usual. 

"Kate then told Rick he could fuck her. He jumped up and quickly positioned himself above my face, his cockhead lined up against her wet, pulsing pussy. It was so horny to watch him slide that long, fat prick all the way inside her, while she carried on lapping away at my pussy. He pulled out and started sliding in and out of her. His balls were brushing against my nose so I reached up to take first one then the other in my mouth. We were all moaning and panting with excitement, and when he pulled his cock out of Kate's pussy and pushed it into my mouth, I came again.

"Kate wasn't far behind me. When he rammed it back into her she tensed up and then began screaming and squirting pussy juice all over his balls and my face. This really got Rick excited and he started pumping in and out of her pussy, shouting out Aussie swearwords I'd never even heard of, and finally he pulled out and sprayed her pussy and my face with his hot cum.

Amy paused to take a sip of wine. I realised I was staring at her tits. I shook my head and focussed on her face. She was licking her lips to capture a drop of red wine. 

"That was just the beginning of that night. Rick had amazing stamina. Either that or we turned him on a lot. I licked all his cum off Kate's pussy, then she turned around and licked the rest off my face. As soon as we were done he was hard again and was positioning himself between my legs. I sighed as I felt him fill me up, my pussy walls clenching around his thick cock. I'd only had sex with Kate for months, so it was the first one I'd had since you."

I decided not to tell her that I'd seen her and Kate fucking Ste on the last night of Glastonbury. I didn't want to stop her telling this story. 

"After only a couple of thrusts of his cock I was cumming again, but my cries were silenced by Kate putting her pussy over my face. I licked her while they kissed, and he carried on fucking me. Then Kate told him to fuck me in the ass. He was a sweet boy and asked me if I was ok with it. She told him it didn't matter if I was ok with it or not, she'd told him to fuck my ass, so he should get on and do it. 

"I didn't mind at all as it turned out. I gave myself completely to the sensation of his hot, rigid cock stretching my ass, and then the ecstasy of him sliding it slowly in and out. I could feel it growing bigger and bigger as he grew more turned on. I felt his big hands mashing my tits, twisting my erect nipples, as his cries grew more urgent and his pumping grew faster. Finally, he blasted his cum deep inside me, and the feeling of it spurting inside me brought me to my own orgasm. It was amazing."

She paused again to pick up her wine, and looked at me like she was waiting for me to say something. I was lost for words. I was just painfully aware of my throbbing hard cock, and of her nipples that we now poking through the thin material of her t-shirt. 

"So," I managed finally. "Remind me again why you've ended this relationship."

Amy sighed, and put down her empty wine glass. "Well, you've heard the happy part of our relationship."

I filled her glass again. "You can tell me the rest. I'm happy to listen."

"You're so sweet, Nick." She rubbed my arm and inched closer to me, putting her arm along the back of the sofa and starting to absent-mindedly run her fingers across my shoulders. 

"After that, Kate got weirder and weirder. Just one man wasn't enough for her. We went out once and picked up a couple of guys then took them back and fucked them. She insisted on filming them both doing me, one at each end, and then a double penetration. That was ok, but after that she became obsessed by filming me getting fucked.

"She turned our spare bedroom into some kind of sex room. We had all our toys in there, a bed, and even one of those cradles where you can suspend someone horizontally by their legs and arms. One night she persuaded me to get into it, and then blindfolded me and brought in a group of men who took turns fucking me, first in the pussy, then in the ass. She filmed it all, and I lost count of the number of times they did it. 

"At first I was enjoying it, but after about a dozen cocks had fucked me it was started to hard. She insisted they all cum on my stomach and tits, so I was drenched in cum, and my pussy and ass were sore, but she kept on bringing more and more men in there. Maybe it was the same ones getting hard again, I don't know. I just remember starting to cry and begging her and them to stop. She just laughed, told them not to stop, and I felt another cock slide into my pussy." 

"That sounds awful, Amy," I said, stroking her hair. "You poor baby."

"It was horrible," she said with a sniff, and she moved closer to me, resting her head on my chest. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close to me.

She continued: "After a while even the men refused to carry on, saying it was hurting me too much, and so she threw them all out, shouting at them that they were useless fuckers. Then she came back into the sex room, and started fucking both my ass and pussy at the same time with a pair of dildos. I was past caring. I just lay there limply hating her. She grew bored and released me. I didn't say anything to her, just went and lay in the bath for an hour before going to bed."

She stopped and raised her head to look at me. Her cheeks were stained with tears and her beautiful blue eyes were so sad. 

"I'm so sorry, Amy. Why didn't you call me? I'd have come to get you."

"Would you?" she asked, looking at my lips.

"Yes, baby. You know I'd always do anything for you."

"I know, hon, but you're with Jen now. How would she have felt about it?" Amy reached up and ran a soft hand along my cheek. Her face was inches from mine.

"I don't know," I said and looked away.

Amy seemed to sigh a little impatiently, then said. "Anyway, I couldn't leave then. I had to get the disks."

"The disks?"

"Yes, she'd put all her recordings of me onto disks. I wasn't going to leave them there and find out I was suddenly an Internet porn star in a few weeks."

"So, how did you get them?"

"I had to wait for Kate to go out and then take them from her room. I had to wait weeks for her to leave long enough that I could get them, and collect all my belongings. She went away for the weekend yesterday, and so I did it. I got all my stuff out of my flat and moved it into my Dad's. Kate's not back till tomorrow tonight."

"So, you're living with your Dad?"

"Yes."

"How much does he know about all this?"

Amy looked at me again, her cool blue eyes staring deep inside me, her warm hand inching imperceptibly up my thigh. I'd not been turned on by the second half of her story, but the feeling of her so close to me, her full breasts resting on my chest, her hand near my crotch, and her lips so close to mine had left me hard as a board.
