 We hear a lot of talk about the 'Swinging Sixties' as though nothing happened sexually before or after it. I can tell you the 'Naughty Nineties' did well too. At least being gay was legal in the nineties so once you were over the legal age, the sky was the limit.

I had always felt gay even before I knew what "feeling gay" meant. As I grew up there were the usual incidents but everything really came together when I arrived at the age of 18. Certainly I was now legal and could have anyone that wanted me with no conscience but the real key was being able to get into bars and clubs.

I was fortunate enough to be good looking in a twinky way. I was average height (5 feet 9 inches), slim enough but with some meat on my buttocks and a decent size piece of meat which was probably better than average at 7 inches uncut. I was even lucky enough to have dark blonde hair and blue eyes. My style in those days I would now call 'lightweight emo' in that I had what is now the emo look, complete with long styled hair but none of the piercings or tattoos. I didn't think I was effeminate but let's say everyone in the office had twigged I was gay so I must have looked obvious enough without realising it. Even though I had been christened Nicholas, I was Nick as a child and when people wanted to take the piss I became Nikki with the feminine spelling rather than the male version, Nicky.

In the first few months of exploring the bars, my sex drive was at full throttle. If I wanted it, I got it. I soon realised that not only did I like cock but I particularly liked cock in my backside. I was happy to give but boy did I like taking. I went from virgin to slut in 6 months. Two things happened during that period, both by accident and I'm sure this laid the foundation for the story I will shortly tell.

The first incident happened on a warm day in Spring during the Easter break. I had recently taken a job working in the office of the Planning Department of the local council and on this day had left the office and bought a pack of sandwiches and a Coke to enjoy on my own in the park. It was quite busy and there were a number of women with kids around plus a few people grabbing the opportunity of enjoying the first warmth of Spring. As I ate my sandwich I saw a couple picnicking on a blanket. The wife was reading a magazine, there was a baby in a stroller and father was running up and down with a toddler who looked to me about 2-3 years old. To me this guy was stunning!

He was about 6 feet tall, age about 24, short sleeved shirt, tight Levi's, dark hair and a stubble and a bottom to die for. His jeans showed a promising bulge at the front. I contented myself in watching him swing the toddler between his legs then put him down to run off while he caught up and went through the procedure again. 

"Lucky bitch," I thought, "Getting his cock inside her on demand!"

After 20 minutes or so I had to start thinking about returning to work so I stood up to take my rubbish to the bin (being a good citizen). The park toilets were just behind the bin so I thought a quick pee might be in order as the Coke made its way through me. I entered the cool toilets which had four urinals and a couple of cubicles and pissed. I was suddenly aware of someone beside me and it was the guy I had just been watching.

My first thought was, "Oh good I might get a glimpse of his cock."

He didn't pee and instead just looked straight at me and gently taking my arm nodded to the cubicle and said, "In here, quick!"

I was stunned and followed meekly, my limp cock hanging out of my trousers as I went. Once inside, he dropped his jeans and white briefs and a stiff cock sprung up. It was a slim dick, about as long as mine. I immediately dropped to my knees as it was obvious what he wanted. My mouth was over it, rolling back his foreskin and sucking the head. A musky man-like smell eminated from him as I sucked. His balls were hairy and hung heavily under him. 

"Oh yes, suck me," he said, stating the obvious.

I managed to get a grip of my own cock and stroked it as I sucked. Within 5 minutes a warm blast of cum filled my mouth. I choked with the amount of liquid that fired and as I took my mouth off. I was just in time to get a second blast on my face. It was thick, creamy man seed. After a quick gasp, he pulled up his jeans and left me, still on the floor, with the cubicle door open.

"Selfish bastard," I thought. "I might just give him a fright."

I pulled up my pants, and taking some toilet tissue in my pocket, walked out of the toilet and sat back on the bench looking over at him and his wife. The cum was still on my face, making it's slow progress Southwards.

He was back playing with his kid and looked up to see me staring at him, his jism over my face. He went pale as I smiled. I went into my pocket and very slowly wiped the cum off my face watching and smiling as I did so, then, walked across and put it in the bin. He stood like a statue as his little boy was banging on his leg trying to attract his attention. I left the park.

I learned two lessons that day. The first was that married men are selfish bastards out for what they want with little thought for me and the second was that I loved sex with married men.

My second incident which cemented this fantasy of mine was with a slightly older guy in the office. He was one of the planning officers so spent most of his time out and about. I managed to get some ink on my hands one day and went to the office toilets to wash my hands. The toilets were a bank of cubicles and no urinals. Each one had a sink and there were also a couple of 'public sinks' too. Being the person I am, I decided to wash in one of the cubicles and pushed to go in. I was shocked to see the planning officer sitting back on the toilet, his trousers at his ankles wanking an impressive cock. It was only about 6 inches but it was so thick. He didn't initially see me until I spluttered an apology. I pulled back but he stood up and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the cubicle.

Red faced he said, "Listen you little poof, you've seen nothing and if you tell anyone I'll do you over."

I pointed out that I had no intention of telling anyone.

"You like what you see?" he said.

Well he was about 35, and a bit on the rough side but his shiny wedding ring got me going again.

"Actually," said I, calm as a cucumber, "I do!"

"Oh," was his response and I saw some of his initial bravado fade.

"Em, what would you like to do with it?" he asked.

I knew I had to take control. My cock was rising in my pants anyway. I dropped to my knees and took his thick dick in my mouth.

"Oh fuck," was his response.

With my previous married guy experience still in my mind, I wasn't letting this one get away so easily. I stood up and dropped my pants letting my own healthy specimen spring up. I think he was shocked to find that a little poof could have a bigger cock than him. I gripped his head and pushed him down on my cock. His lips stopped at my foreskin. I pushed two fingers in his mouth. He opened and my cock followed. Now it wasn't the best blow job I had ever had but I had the distinct feeling it was his first.

I stood up again and licked his cock from end to end. He definitely was a fan of being on the receiving end of a blow job. I then turned around and offered my arse to him. His eyes went like saucers.

"Fuck me," I said.

I figured he was pretty safe for unprotected sex so wet his cock and my arse with his saliva. This was going be a tight fuck with no real lube. He bent me over and started to enter me. It took a lot of saliva and patience but I managed about 4 of his 6 inches before he maintained a rhythm and was soon fucking, his hand gripping my cock as he did so. It didn't take long to be honest. When his load fired into me I could feel its heat and volume. The hot liquid spurted into my arse with the excess trickling around the sides of his cock and down my legs. I gripped my own cock and brought myself off in under a minute, firing my goo all over the cubicle floor.

"Jeez, I'm so sorry," he said. "For fuck sakes don't tell anyone we did this, please."

"My arse may not be sealed," I said, "But my lips are."

He pulled up his pants and with a cursory check outside, ran!

OK neither were very rewarding incidents but having sex with fully heterosexual men became my night time wanking fantasy.

Now while all this experimentation was going on I had befriended a girl, well more a woman I suppose. She worked beside me in the department and was about 3 years older than me at 22. Pam had come through a couple of relationships which had gone sour and was in the "all men are bastards"camp at the time.

"You're just one of the girls," she told me.

Over a few months she asked to join me in the gay bars. She was no typical "fag hag" as she was a pretty woman. We had some laughs, compared notes on men and, if I picked someone up, she would discreetly disappear into the night. However, I had to give her a blow by blow account next day. This was a little uncomfortable at first but she seemed to be really interested in what I had done.

One night after a few drinks, she told me that she had a sexual fascination for slightly camp guys, having been dumped by two very heterosexual ones. She said she felt safer with them. After laughing at her explaining the impossibility she had of screwing a gay guy, I confessed to her that my fantasy wasn't that much different from hers as I wanted to screw with straight guys. We laughed at how twisted we both were.

Pam couldn't stay at my house as I still stayed with parents. They were always happy if I stayed with her, possibily holding on to the slim possibility that I might actually be straight. A couple of incidents happened there which lead us into the next part of my sexual development.

Pam had allowed me to bring a guy back to her place for the night. He was a good looking guy, my own age and while not being my "Mr Perfect straight guy," at least he wasn't camp. He wanted me to fuck him. After a few drinks with Pam we headed upstairs to her spare room and after showering, went to bed to have sex. He was a cute looking blonde guy and I soon had his legs in the air, fucking him mercillesly. I was ready to cum and shot my load into my condom as he shot his on his chest. I jumped off the bed to get some tissues and saw Pam standing at the door watching us, her fingers firmly pushed down her pants.

"Pam, for fuck's sake," I said.

Nonchanlantly, she smiled and said, "Sorry guys, the sound of you both making out got me really horny and I just had to see what was so good."

She turned and went to bed without any sign of embarrassment.

The guy was horrifield as was as I bumbled my apologies to him. In the morning she acted as though nothing was any different and, after I had sent my pick-up on his way I sat her down.

"Pam, it's like your sister watching you fuck. It's just not something you do."

"Look Nikki," she said, "I'm sorry but I was a bit horny last night. No not just that, I was horny and jealous. You get some manly guy to stick his big dick in you and I have nothing but your ecstatic groans for company. Not only that, you're a cute looking guy with a sizeable piece of meat going to waste so I enjoyed watching you. There, I've said it"

I was stunned. I not only hadn't thought of Pam other than as a pal but she was a female too, so a double reason not to think about it. The subject dropped and we carried on as usual.

About 6 weeks later we went out together on a Friday night and did a mixed bar. Pam was getting chatted up by a guy who was my type to a "T" and though he was obviously straight, I couldn't help flirting with him. He cottoned on to my relationship with Pam so was seriously trying to get into her pants. Just when she was at the "how about coming back to my place," stage. His mates reminded him they had a train to catch and, with a hastily written telephone number, he was gone. I watched my perfect man walk away and thought that it was probably just as well.

We drank until after 1.00am and headed back to Pam's to continue. We already were way past our normal level of drinking and the fact that she had lost the opportunity for sex had annoyed her. I pointed out that though he was straight he was too butch for her anyway. In the way that drunk people do, we started talking very openly about our sex experiences. We started on "the biggest cock" and on to the "meanest shag."

When we got to the "best kisser" I told her I was!

"Prove it!" she said.

"How," I slurred.

"C'mere," she said pulling my head to her and kissing me fully on the lips.

"That's sloppy and messy," I said. "You need to show more passion and use a bit more tongue, like this!"

I lay on top of her on the couch and placed my lips over her mouth, my tongue entering it and pressed hard as I kissed her. She put her hand behind my head and responded. We kissed for a minute or two before coming for air.

"That's pretty good for a poof," she said. "Let me teach you how to do things properly."

We stood up and she kissed again. As we did, she pressed her palm against the front of my chinos and I was surprised to find I had an erection. She took my hand and placed it on her breast. As we kissed and swayed, she pulled off her top and stood with her breasts exposed, pulling my mouth down to kiss her nipple. It was bigger than a man's by far and was standing on end. As I did so my pants were deftly opened and dropped to the floor. In one quick action, Pam knelt in front of me, my cock in her mouth. She threw me back on the couch and lifted my legs, her tongue licking my balls and even venturing down to my arsehole. My cock was stiff. I lay there passively as she stripped before standing over me, her neatly shaved cunt now in full view.

Pam straddled me and sat straight down on my cock which slid ino her wet cunt in one quick action. I remember thinking how much looser it was than a guy's arse. She started to ride me. I remember holding both of her tits and looking up at her as her body rose and fell with each stroke. Pam was getting something I realised she had been lusting for since I had met her, fucked by a camp guy. I was as passive as a guy fucking a girl could be. My cock was hard though and it was obvious from Pam's face that she was definitely getting something out if it.

She started panting and screaming my name as she obviously was cumming. I felt my own orgasm boiling as her movement became more thrusting and violent and suddenly, almost without the usual build up, I shot in her cunt. As she lifted herself off me, my cum ran out and trickled on to my pubic hair and balls.

"Nikki that was awesome," she said.

I couldn't really say it was awesome for me because it wasn't.

"Well Pam, it was.....different," I sheepishly said back. "Oh fuck, I came in you," I said suddenly realising that women had different plumbing from guys.

"Cool it, idiot, I'm on the pill," she said.

"Thank fuck, I have no desire to be a father!"

I can't remember any more of that night and my next thought was wakening in my underwear on the sofa. It was mid-morning and there was a smell of burnt toast eminating from Pam's kitchen.

She breezed in with a plate in one hand and a mug of tea in the other.

"How's my little straight convert then?"

"Pam, trust me, I haven't gone straight, only had too much to drink."

"Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it Nikki," she said.

"I don't know what I felt but it's not something I'm expecting to make a habit of," I responded, sipping the hot tea in a effort to clear my head.

She looked upset but changed the subject and we padded around for the rest of the day and didn't mention it. In fact it wasn't mentioned again for some seven days, the following weekend in fact. We were sitting in the mixed bar again and Pam suddely started talking.

"You like guys as straight as you can get, right?"

"Yeh," I said, not knowing where she was heading.

"I like most guys but have a little penchant for slightly emo or camp guys." She hesitated and then said, "Like you."

My puzzled look encouraged her to continue.

"I'm a good looking girl who attracts straight looking guys. How about I become your honey trap as long as I can get involved?"

"You mean a threesome?" I said.

"Oh yes a threesome at least, but with guys you could only dream and wank about ever getting. I pick up the guy, tell him we fancy a threesome and once we get going you should be able to get your little mitts on his cock and, who knows, his cock up your arse."

"Pam that's disgusting," I said. "I couldn't do that!"

"Not even for him," she said nodding in the direction of the stunning guy from the previous week who had chatted her up and been knocked back as his mates had to leave.

My eyes gave me away. This guy was a twenty out of twenty. He was the sort I would wank my cock raw thinking about. He was the sort that would knock seven bells out of any gay guy who so much as looked at him. I was drooling as he walked across and after a cursory nod in my direction gave Pam all his attention. I stood back and left her to it, my mind idly looking around at the rest of his bar and his mates. They were cute but neither came close to the Adonis beside me.

"Of course we have sex," I heard Pam say indignantly, nodding in my direction. "And he's good at it!"

The guy looked at me, then looked me up and down. I saw the faint outline of an erection in the front of his jeans and realised they had been talking about sex. Pam's voice quietened again and their converstion continued.

Again I was abrubtly brought back into their chat when Pam's finger tapped my shoulder from behind.

"Nikki this is David, David, this is Nikki."

I put my hand out and a firm, rough hand took it and shook me.

"Pam tells me you two go at it like rabbits," He said.

"Well I wouldn't say....."

Pam kicked me.

"Well yes we do....sometimes."

"And you don't get jealous of other guys having sex with her?"

Pam interjected. "Not if he's doing it too. Nikki's bisexual you see."

David looked at me and was silent.

"You mean he gets involved.....at all levels?"

"Depends what you mean," said Pam. "It's not at all as kinky as it might sound. Are you staying the night then?"

"Eh I need to see my mates are all right," He said and wandered away.

"I think you blew that one Pam," I said.

"No sweetheart, I think YOU might be blowing that one before the night's out."

For the next 30 minutes or so he chatted with his mates, drunk some more beer and sometimes looked at Pam and I. Around 11.00pm his mates looked ready to go as they had the previous week. Just as they were putting on jackets, David spoke to them as though to say he was coming over to say his farewells.

"Does that offer still stand?" He asked.

"You bet," Said Pam.

I felt a stirring in my loins!

We walked back to Pam's, me feeling a little like a gooseberry as he put his arm around her waist and they chatted quite happily. I didn't feel at all confident. What made it worse was that this guy was Mr Perfect for me and if I had to listen to Pam getting shagged by him I'd go out of my mind. Pam stayed cheery the whole way back and when we entered her flat briskly threw down her keys and suggested we get to know each other while she showered.

I gave David a beer and made very embarassed small talk.

"I thought you might be gay," he said.

I uncrossed my legs and said, "Do I look that effeminate?"

"Eh no, sorry" he said, "it's just, well, your kind of 'pretty' for a straight guy."

I wasn't sure if that was a compliment or an insult.

"What do you see when you see me," he asked.

I wanted to say, "A hunk whose cock I want in my arse with no Pam present," but I said, "A good looking guy who I'm sure I can trust with Pam."
