 Amy and her husband were spending the long weekend at her in-laws house and a big family BBQ had been organized for Saturday lunchtime. Amy hadn't seen Alex or Ben in over a week and she was starting to feel her frustration levels sky rocket. She doubted she'd have a chance to get any relief during the BBQ especially as her father in law's brothers and their families were joining them. But maybe she could set up a time to meet the boys. That would have to be enough. 

Helping her mother in law prepare the food in the kitchen she heard Alex and Ben arrive. They soon made themselves helpful ferrying food out of the kitchen to assist their mother and Amy, but only Amy realized that they were using the situation as an excuse to brush their erections against her, or brush her breasts while reaching for a platter to take outside, or once sliding a hand up her top and she leant into the fridge. That last one made her gasp and her mother in law asked her what was wrong. "Just cold in the fridge," she quickly replied and heard Alex chortle as he quickly exited the kitchen. 

After the foreplay in the kitchen Amy wished she'd worn a bra, her nipples were painfully extended and the rubbing of her t-shirt meant they just weren't going to go down any time soon. She caught Alex, Ben and her husband sneaking glances at them and felt herself get wet as a result. Clearing the table was the same as earlier with Ben and Alex assisting and brushing against Amy whenever they could. Their mother commented on how helpful they were being and congratulated herself numerous times on her well mannered boys. 

"I'll make the tea and coffee," Amy helpfully volunteered, seeking a few moments privacy to go to a bedroom and try to relieve some of the tension in her body. Everyone was starting to get sleepy after so much food and Amy was certain no-one would miss her if she slipped away for a bit longer than normal. 

Climbing the stairs to her husband's old bedroom Amy made herself comfortable on one of the single beds, taking her long skirt off as she did so. She slipped her fingers down her underwear and realized she had never been this wet with her own juices before. She slipped a finger into her hole and up her slit, rubbing frantically to try to get some release. 

Her eyes flew open as her wrist was grabbed and she saw Alex standing next to the bed grinning at her. How had she not heard him slip into the room? He silently knelt beside the bed and brought her fingers to his nose, inhaling her fragrance before sucking her fingers into his mouth and cleaning them of her juices. Pushing one finger against his lips in the age old signal of quiet, Alex joined her on the bed, the old springs protesting slightly with his weight. Replacing her fingers with his in her cunt and using his thumb against her clit he quickly pushed her over the edge into an orgasm. 

Unsnapping his jeans he released his erection. He was obviously feeling as frustrated by the week of abstinence and the hours of foreplay earlier as his cock twitched angrily. Taking him into her mouth she wrapped her lips around his head sucking gently. She felt him, more than she heard him growl deep with in his chest and it pushed her on to take more of him in. 

Suddenly her hips were grabbed from behind and she released Alex's cock to see Ben, cock in hand pulling her underwear to her knees and positioning his cock at the entrance to her cunt. Returning to Alex's cock with a large grin on her face she felt Ben fill her completely and the start of another orgasm building. It had been too long for all of them and with the added danger of getting caught they all orgasmed within moments, Alex shooting his copious load into her willing mouth and Ben shooting high into her cunt. She felt his cum dribbling out of her hole and removed her underwear completely to clean it up before she returned downstairs. 

As she went to stand up and put her skirt back on Alex pulled her on top of him, his massive erection already returning to life. "Again," he pleaded and she gave in holding his cock up in the air and impaling herself on it. She bounced lightly up and down but the bed protested loudly. They giggled and Alex easily picked her up and returned them to the same positions on the floor. Ben sat on the bed and watched as Amy rode Alex hard. She noticed that Ben's erection had also returned and knelt above Alex and offered it to her waiting mouth. In this position Alex had full access to Amy's tangling breasts and he took one and then the other into his mouth, caressing and licking and sucking. 

Amy could feel another orgasm brewing and was starting to get lost in the sensations when she realized there was another set of hands on her body. She went to pull her mouth free of Ben's cock but he quickly grabbed her head and pushed himself into her mouth harder. 

Eyes wide with shock Amy didn't know what do to when she felt the new hands gently part her butt cheeks and gently rub a large finger around her anus. She looked up at Ben but he just grinned and her and winked before throwing his head back and enjoying her cock sucking. The finger slid into her cunt alongside Alex's cock but came out again quickly. Amy realized they had just been gathering her juices and the cum from earlier to smear against her virgin ass. Around and around his finger went and Amy realized that it felt good. The finger poked at her ass gently at first and instinctively she tightened her hole. A light tap on her bottom and she realized she was going to have to relax which she did and the finger slipped into her ass. The feeling was different to anything she'd ever felt before and she was loving it. A second finger was pushed into her ass and they gently probed around before being slowly removed. That wasn't so bad Amy thought before she realized that there was now a cock pushing at her ass. Oh God she thought and tried her hardest to relax and allow this cock entry to her virgin ass. He pushed gently at first but then with more force and Amy, after a few moment's pain realized he was completely buried up her ass. Both he and Alex paused for a moment and then both started pumping at her holes. The orgasm she had felt building before this intrusion returned but stronger and with one more thrust from each of them Amy shattered into a million pieces not even noticing that Ben was cumming in her mouth. 

She collapsed against Alex and felt the cock from her ass being removed. She was too spent to even look up and she realized as she heard the door close that she would never know which of the men at the BBQ had taken her ass. 

Ben quickly dressed himself and left the room too and Alex gently picked Amy up and laid her on the bed covering her with a blanket before he too dressed left the room. 

Completely spent Amy didn't realize she had fallen asleep until she woke up to find her mother in law lovingly stroking her forehead. "Poor dear, Alex said you weren't well. Is there anything I can get for you?" she kindly asked. 

"No, no, I'll be fine soon." Amy replied. "I'm sorry about the tea and coffee, can I get that organized now for you?" 

"Oh don't worry about that dear, you just get yourself well, take your time, come down when you're ready." 

"Thank you," Amy replied and promptly fell asleep again.