 The following story includes characters from "THE SORORITY HOUSE" series. Reading that series first is not a requirement, although it will enhance the reading experience.

Part 1: The Twins

***

"Hey there, stud."

I recognized the voice immediately. Somehow, she always knew where to find me. No matter where I went in the course of a given day, she just kind of showed up. It was as if she'd sown a homing device into my skin. For example, one day a major client down in Sunnyvale had their HR Management System go down, and within an hour I'd been dispatched with a few other team members to the site to find the problem. While we were debugging, I discovered that we needed one of our diagnostic tools back in the company van. Lo and behold, there she was, sitting on the hood and waiting for me, an hour away from our home in San Francisco. She had dragged me inside the van for a quickie and then sent me back to my team with a goofy grin on my face.

God, she was an amazing fuck.

The Starbucks was in the 300 block of Market Street in downtown San Francisco, just half a block from my company's building. On this August afternoon, I was quietly sitting on a stool sipping a frappucino, enjoying a break from my computer monitor and watching the busy traffic cruise by. I looked up into the glass between me and the sidewalk, and I saw the faint reflection of her pretty face staring back at me. The corners of her mouth turned upwards in a wicked grin.

Sighing in resignation but also amusement, I set my coffee onto the counter in front of me, and then looked back up into her reflection. A second later I was flat on my back on the floor after Trinh had shoved me, a quiet pain forming in my backside where I had landed. People were backing away from us as they witnessed what looked like an unprovoked assault. I felt her weight on my hips as she straddled me on the floor. I let out a quiet "ouch" from the pain blossoming in my rear, and she gave me that wicked grin again.

"You're such a baby." And then she kissed me.

This was no ordinary kiss. This was passionate, wet, and sloppy, and despite our very public situation I felt myself returning the kiss with all my energy. Our tongues were darting in and out of each other's mouth, and I'm sure they were clearly visible to the hapless bystanders. I felt her firm tits pressing against my chest, and the intensity of her arousal had me hard in seconds. I felt a hand descend to my rod, where she was grasping me through my slacks, caressing my balls.

Somewhere behind me, I heard the disgusted gasp of some little old lady. Frenching and being groped on the floor of a downtown Starbucks was not exactly something I went out of my way to experience. I was more than a little embarrassed, and some part of my head was screaming at me to get up and compose myself. However, the exhibition of it was probably one of the things that had gotten Trinh this revved up. And the passion and heat of her kiss was more than enough to make up for my little embarrassment. I would stand in the middle of a nunnery buck naked if it meant she'd kiss me like this.

Eventually, we parted lips, and Trinh took a cursory look around at the audience we had attracted. She leaned down and whispered in my ear, "Let's get out of here."

***

Things were not always this way. A little over three weeks ago I was just your typical Level 2 Programmer. I was paid an insane amount of money to design and code modules for big-company software. I had graduated a little more than a year ago from a top Bay Area university, and my apartment was still making the slow transition from college poverty to computer engineering wealth. I had my group of professional friends, some of them tech nerds and some of them not. I was a clean-cut good looking guy, but our association with computers in college had steered most of the hot co-eds away from my college group.

It was a Friday night, and my buddies and I headed out to "Reloaded," a big downtown SF club with a "Matrix" theme frequented most by the early 20's crowd. It also happened to be "Asian Night." Amidst the laser lights and bass-thudding songs, there had to be a hundred Asian babes wearing next to nothing and gyrating their tight asses around with the young men of San Fran all fawning over them and hoping to get lucky. We got our drinks and managed to find a table, and sat down to chat and get a good buzz going. I was relatively shy back then, and it would take a couple of drinks before I normally got the nerve to get up and dance. We aimlessly talked about nothing, and kept our eyes focused on the scantily clad tits and asses swaying before us. I consider myself to be fairly open minded and am all for female equality. But when it comes to clubbing, sexuality dominates and I feel perfectly justified in viewing women as sex objects.

In the middle of this sea of beauty, two girls stood out in my eyes. Atop one of the many platforms nearby to us, two girls were grinding their hips into each other and giving anyone watching a rather racy semi-lesbian show. As I felt the heat of my latest alcoholic concoction burning its way down my throat, I stared, entranced at the vision of these two before me.

Both of the girls wore black micro-miniskirts that just barely extended past the curve of their tight asses. Both had dark halter tops that only had laces across the lower back, revealing graceful necklines and proving neither wore a bra. The fabric was metallic and sparkled with their every movement. And encased in those tops were some very full busts for Asian women, C-cups at least that seemed impossibly round and perky without bra support. Their bodies were nearly identical, and at first glance I would take them for twins. The one with the blue top had the high cheekbones and full lips; but the one with the Violet top had mesmerizing eyes that glowed with an inner white light. Blue's jet black hair was done up into two schoolgirl pigtails with two long strands of bangs falling loosely forwards to frame her face. Violet's black hair had the same kind of bangs, but the rest was pulled back into a single tight braid. It also rippled in the light, and if not for the lasers I would have sworn she had dyed it violet as well. Blue now had her face buried in Violet's chest, with her hands obviously cupping Violet's asscheeks underneath the microskirt, the outline of her hands clearly visible through the tight fabric.

And in this middle of this erotic embrace, Violet stared right into my eyes. For minutes, as she gyrated and caressed her twin, she kept those hypnotic eyes locked onto me. Without blinking, she bored into me and I felt almost like she had invaded my mind and was currently plucking out every dirty thought I was having about the two girls. I drank in their perfect forms, and the longer I stared the easier it became to tell them apart. Blue had tightly muscled abs that almost formed a six-pack, and her butt was nearly flat. Violet had a few more curves to her, but would be considered quite slender if not immediately next to Blue. Both of them had such full chests however it seemed almost unfair to other women given their slim hips. When the song ended, Blue looked up to Violet to see where she had been staring. Violet nodded to me, and Blue hopped off the platform, coming in a direct beeline to my table.

All conversation died at my table when Blue hopped onto it, sliding my glass out of the way and sitting her butt on the table before me. Before I could react, her feet were planted on the bench on either side of me, and as she spread her legs I could clearly see in the dim light that she wasn't wearing any panties. She grabbed my head in her hands and looked down into my face.

"Not bad..." she muttered coldly. She twisted my head side to side, as if evaluating my appearance. Then she leaned down and with a strong hand on my jaw, shoved her tongue down my throat.

My body locked up for a moment as she kissed me, but my instincts kicked in as I returned the kiss with equal fervor. She broke away after a minute, newfound appreciation in her face. "Hmm, your kissing shows promise though."

With that Blue leaned down and kissed my cheek, and I felt the erotic wetness of her tongue coating my ear. As she came close, I closed my eyes and inhaled her sweet scent. To be heard over the music still pumping into the air, she began to speak directly into my ear. "Quyen saw you staring at us. She said you two had a little connection, and she wants to dance with you." She paused for a moment to give my ear another tongue bath. "Do you wanna dance?"

The heat in her voice sent a spark of electricity straight to my crotch. Rule#17 for men: Never turn down a request from a good-looking woman. Nodding my reply, she slid off the table and reached out for my hand. With a second glance at my friends, who were merely staring at Blue's tight body in stunned silence, I took her hand and let her lead me through the swaying bodies and up onto the platform, where I was quickly sandwiched between these two hotties.

My heartbeat was thudding in my ears almost loud enough to drown out the music, but I settled for matching the girls' rhythm. In time with the beat, Violet/Quyen turned about and backed her ass into my hips, where I placed my hands on her legs as we swayed as one with the music. Blue was not left out either as she sidled in directly behind me, grinding her crotch into my ass. Blue removed my hands from Quyen's legs and directed me to wrap my arms about Quyen's midsection, and once in my embrace Quyen sagged against my chest. I was watching her sweet face intently as I felt Blue rubbing her big tits into my back. Still watching Quyen I watched her slip a hand under the skirt. It came up a moment later and I saw two fingers glistening with moisture in the dim light. As we danced together, she put the fingers into my mouth where I sucked off her sweet juices.

This was all too surreal. I spared a glance at my friends, where every single one of them was staring at me with these two beauties. Todd had his mouth open and looked like he was drooling.

I knew this dream had to end and sure enough here came one of the security guards. Shouting to be heard over the noise, he tapped me on the leg. "Get down, son. Only women are allowed on the platforms."

I nodded mutely and moved to get off, but Blue stepped between me and the guard, where she leaned down to talk to him. In her position, and following the guard's line of sight, I realized that he had a perfect view of Blue's bra-less tits, now hanging freely as her top sagged downwards. "C'mon, Jerry. He's a friend of mine, and I promise I'll take him in a minute." She smiled sweetly.

Jerry chuckled. "Oh, alright Trinh. But only for a few minutes."

So with Jerry stepping aside to join the other twenty guys staring jealously at me, Blue/Trinh and Quyen continued to fondle me as we swayed to the music. When the song ended, Trinh spun me about and leaned in towards my ear. "Buy us a drink?"

Rule#29 for men: Always buy the girl a drink. I would have to amend that rule: Buy both of them a drink. We sidled over to the bar, and when Trinh tapped on the counter, one of the bartenders immediately arrived. She apparently had quite a bit of influence at this club. "What'll it be?"

Trinh ordered for herself and Quyen, and I ordered mine. The bartender returned with our drinks and looking straight at Trinh told her "no charge." But Trinh shook her head and nodded to me. "Aw, Kevin, you don't have to do that. My stud here is picking it up."

Kevin looked to me with a flash of jealousy in his eyes, but obediently took my money. I left him a hefty tip as our trio returned back towards the dance floor. I was fully expecting us to continue dancing. It wasn't even midnight yet and the night was young, but the girls apparently had other ideas. Once the drinks were finished, Quyen began pulling me towards the exits, with Trinh following closely. Momentarily, I wondered how I would get home as Todd had driven me here. But I was not about to open my mouth as I watched Quyen's dimpled backside swaying before me as she tugged me out into the cool night air.

Once by the street, Trinh snapped her fingers and within seconds a stylish Blue Porsche was pulled up by the valet. Trinh gave him a kiss on the cheek in lieu of a tip, and I don't doubt for a second the valet found it worth more than any amount of money she could have given him. Trinh hopped into the driver's side, and Quyen pushed me down into the front passenger seat, then hopped into my lap. I had barely closed the door and definitely not buckled anyone in before Trinh peeled out with squealing tires.

In this whole night, Quyen had still not said a word, but only drilled her glowing eyes into me. As Trinh whipped us through the streets of downtown, Quyen descended her mouth to mine as we shared our first kiss. I don't believe her lips left mine for the next ten minutes as we sped to wherever our destination was, the Porsche humming as it roared up the steep streets of the San Francisco hills. Before I realized it, I had buried my fingers under Quyen's skirt and into her damp pussy, causing her to squirm in my lap and kiss me even harder. I don't know what boldness came over me, whether from the heady situation or the alcohol, but I was loving every minute of this. Towards the end of our journey when those ten minutes were up, I felt Quyen shudder in my arms as her hips spasmed and dumped a good load of her honey onto my hand. As she climaxed, she broke her mouth from me for the first time and her mouth opened in a silent sexy "O." Even as the orgasm swept through her, she didn't make a sound. The effect only enhanced the surreal atmosphere.

Shortly after, we apparently had arrived, pulling up to a an apartment with a great view of the city, its twinkling lights spread out before us and leading out to the dark waters of the Bay. We hopped out, and looking like a giddy schoolgirl (except for the lack of noise), Quyen dragged me inside. We'd barely closed the door before Quyen shoved me and I fell backwards onto a shaggy carpet. She was an animal, ripping my shirt over my head, undoing my belt and dragging my slacks off my feet. When I was finally naked before her, she bent over me and sucked my fully erect cock into her mouth.

I groaned out as I felt Quyen's soft lips envelop me, her left hand coming up to tickle my balls and causing me to buck my hips upwards. This was paradise. Meanwhile, Trinh had closed the door behind her and turned on the lights. She was even more beautiful in good light and was smiling sensuously at me. I had counted on having an encounter with Quyen tonight, and her current expert blowjob only confirmed my suspicions. However, when Trinh began to undress before me, I realized that I was in way over my head. Jutting her chest out, she reached back to undo the laces holding up her top. When it dropped off her body, I jerked momentarily in awe at her prodigious chest. Her tits were perfectly formed, definitely large C-cups which miraculously had no sag. Her hard nipples pushed out into the cool air, and she cupped them lovingly for my benefit. Next came the skirt, slipping down her long and lithe legs, flexed alluringly, and Trinh was naked before me.

As Quyen continued to bob her head up and down about my shaft, her right hand coming up to form a tight ring about me as she pumped my skin as if trying to coax out my juice. Trinh leaned back against a wall, one hand tweaking her nipples and the other now caressing the nub at the top of her slit. She had shaved almost all of her hair off down there, leaving only a small patch of short fuzz. As Trinh began to moan at the pleasure she was giving herself, I decided to pipe up.

"You don't have to do that yourself. Get over here and I'll do it for you."

Trinh beamed a bright smile at this, and quickly settled herself over my head. With her knees planted next to my ears, I looked upwards and between her chest mounds to her face, smiling as she lowered her wet cunt to my lips. I was giddy with elation as one of my oldest fantasies was coming true. I reached my hands up to join Trinh's on her round breasts, feeling their weight and firmness for the first time.

Quyen was busying herself at my other end, and was now discovering what the only two girls I had ever previously been with had earlier discovered, that I was nowhere near coming. Gifted with some freak genes, I had amazing stamina when it came to sex. She seemed determined to get me off, but for the moment it was not to be.

Trinh, meanwhile was finding my other talent. I quite enjoyed giving oral sex, and my two girlfriends had told me I was the best they'd ever had, one of them informing me so two years and two boyfriends after we had broken up. Trinh was quite vocal with her feelings, moaning and groaning as her body thrashed above me in ecstasy. I felt her thighs clamping tight against my head as she threw her head back and screamed out her orgasm, filling my mouth with her nectar. Tighter and tighter she squeezed until I thought she would crush my head in, until finally she came down from her high and became still. Gingerly, she lifted off of me, standing up. I looked back at her with a self-satisfied smirk on my face. I knew I was good.

Trinh looked down into my smirking face. "Not bad. But I've had better."

Even Quyen stopped for a moment when she heard this. Without another word, Trinh turned about and strode into a nearby doorway, presumably into the bedroom. A moment later, the door swung shut. I stared at the closed door for a moment. For a while there, being fondled by two gorgeous women, I had let myself believe that I was a stud. For a while there, I forgot I was not from the popular "In- Crowd." With Trinh's admonishment, I felt some of my arousal fading away.

Quyen came up to me, lying next to me on the carpet with one arm and one leg draped over my still naked torso. "You really were pretty good. I could tell from the way she was moaning. If you were not good, she would have told you so. She just doesn't want you to get cocky." It was the first time I had ever heard Quyen speak, her voice sweet and melodious. She sat up, and began to tug at the laces of her own top. "Besides, I'm not done with you yet."

When her top fell from her body, I was treated to yet another fabulous set of tits, nearly identical to Trinh's. I wondered again if these two were actually twin sisters. She took my hand and placed it on her breast, my fingers groping with instinct to cover her nipple, teasing it to hardness. Meanwhile, still laying next to me, she shimmied out of her skirt, leaving her as naked as I. I looked up into her luminescent eyes. Her face was elfin, and she hardly ever blinked. With these, combined with her cold demeanor and luminescent eyes, Quyen had an ethereal quality that somehow made her seem inhuman. She leaned down to kiss me gently, and although I could feel the passion in her kiss, her movements were almost mechanical. I thought back to wild Trinh, comparing the two: Fire and Ice.

But as Icy as Quyen seemed, there was no question as to the heat in her box. She had moved to lay atop me, her crotch pressing my cock back against my stomach. There was nothing Icy about the heat emanating from her pussy. Breaking our kiss, she sat upright and brushed her jet black hair behind her ears. I watched her buoyant breasts bounce with the move, then trailed my gaze downwards against a perfectly flat tummy, a cute "innie" navel, and to my delight, a perfectly shaved pussy. Nothing but smooth flesh surrounded her puffy pink lips, now slightly engorged with her arousal. I was looking forward to eating that cunt out. Quyen lifted her hips up, and pulled my dick into its upright and locked position. Then, with her eyes boring into mine, she sank down onto me.
