 Part 3: Love

***

"Come on! That was pathetic!"

I looked up from Trinh's sopping wet cunt, my entire face coated in a layered sheen of wetness from the orgasm she had just spilled onto me. This one had seemed so powerful that she was almost squirting into the air as her hips had shuddered with release. "Pathetic? I've never been so drenched!"

"Oh, that was a great orgasm. But there was no finesse to your technique! You just pushed me straight up to climax without enough little teasing to make me scream out for more. That would be great if you were on a speed record, and it only took about two minutes for me to come. But the point of this exercise is to get me screaming at you, begging you to make me cum!"

"Okay, okay." I knew better than to argue with Trinh. She was truly an amazing sex machine, but she was really demanding in bed. I guess when you've had the best in both San Francisco and L.A., your expectations naturally get higher. Rule#12 for men: Let the woman win. "I'll try again."

"No," Trinh gasped out. "I'm too tired. That's the fifth orgasm already in the last half an hour. It's Quyen's turn. I'm going to go get breakfast."

My neck hurt, and my tongue was sore. Even my fingers were starting to cramp up. This was going to be a long morning. Quyen had just finished an aromatic breakfast, and I could smell juicy bacon from here. My stomach growled with hunger pains, but I knew Trinh would not let me eat until I'd satisfied her objectives. On the other hand, the delighted look on Quyen's face as she bounded up to us more than made up for it.

Quyen quickly shed her robe leaving her completely naked before my eyes. She sat down on the bed, her legs dangling off it before me where I kneeled, of course with a pillow under my knees to prevent rug burn. When she spread her legs, I could see she was already moist with arousal. But before I could begin my task, Quyen reached down and firmly gripped my chin in her hand. Leaning down while pulling my head up, we kissed gently, letting me know that while I was a sex slave, she truly did care about me.

Trinh also noticed from her vantage point in the living room. "Hey, no kissing yet! He hasn't finished his chores!"

Quyen didn't make any moves to lift her lips from mine. I opened my eyes for a moment, and saw Quyen giving Trinh the bird. I fought the urge to chuckle. Ever since that Saturday night with Brad and Lindsay, Quyen and I had grown closer and closer. If not for our "arrangement," we might even resemble a loving romantic couple. Also, Quyen was also becoming more comfortable around me, showing off a wild streak that contrasted greatly with the shy, submissive persona she displayed to the rest of the world. All too soon, Quyen broke the kiss and lay back across the bed, spreading her legs wide for me once again. Sigh, I loved my life. 

Quyen only got to experience one orgasm that morning, but I brought her to the brink at least five different times, each one with her whimpering for me to finish her off. Trinh, her exercise now completed, finally let me eat.

My sexual education had continued, and this morning was the 23rd, exactly three weeks after that fateful night when I went to "Reloaded" with my coworkers and friends. By now, all of my direct sexual training was complete. All that was left was further practice to refine my techniques. I had been in and out of every hole in both girls, in more positions than I can even remember right now. We screwed with legs contorted into odd positions, in odd locations around the house, and a few outside the house. Trinh was quite imaginative, and seemed eager to fuck me whenever she got the urge. We'd had a quickie while riding a Ferris wheel at a County Fair. She'd swallowed my come in a booth at Denny's. We even screwed with her sitting in my lap in a crowded bus.

Quyen was much less adventurous, but equally enthusiastic. It was quite obvious these girls both loved sex. We made love tenderly every chance we got, and relished those moments we had alone. In fact, in spite of the great sex, I was finding myself more and more attracted to Quyen as a person. Now that she had come to trust me, her very sweet and soft personality had emerged. She was quite intelligent, and could actually match me in intellectual conversation. Trinh wasn't exactly stupid, but she never bothered to read up on the latest scientific achievements and discoveries. Whenever Trinh would roar off to find adventure, Quyen and I would go for quiet walks at night, doing nothing but talking. I'd take her to a coffee shop and buy her a latte. Or we'd go see a movie, and she would snuggle in my arms. For a few hours, we were both free of the Mistress/Slave arrangement, and could enjoy a normal dating life.

Unfortunately, this was still a Friday morning, which meant we had to go to work. So after scarfing down two eggs and a few pieces of bacon, I had to leave for my programming job. It had been a boring week. We had no new development projects that had any immediate time demands, and no urgent debugging problems. By mid-afternoon, I was bored to tears and excused myself to take a break. Since we weren't busy, Mr. Patterson couldn't care less. I decided to head down to the Starbucks nearby. It was a sweltering mid-90's hot day, and my frappucino cooled my throat all the way down...

"Hey there, stud."

***

"Let's get out of here."

Trinh got up and dusted herself off, and I jumped up to my feet, then followed a bouncy Trinh towards the exit of the Starbucks. At the last moment, I turned and sketched a bow to the crowd. "Sorry to disturb you folks." Then I turned and fled down the sidewalk.

Before I was fully outside, I thought I heard the little old lady muttering, "You see how young people are nowadays...!"

I quickly caught up to Trinh, and knew better than to open my mouth to ask where we were going. I simply followed her, and surprisingly she walked straight to my building. I presented my ID badge, but Trinh merely flashed the guard a big smile and he let her through. She was wearing a rather tight halter-dress, and the sight of her jiggling boobs no doubt had the desired effect on building security. I felt quite at ease knowing how easily someone could get past the guards.

In a moment, we were in one of the many high-speed elevators which would rocket us up to any one of the 35 floors. She pushed the button for 25, and then as we began to rise, she reached over and hit the emergency stop button. With a grinding creak, the elevator shuddered to a stop. Very quickly Trinh slammed me against a wall, then started to undo my fly.

"Is there a problem?" The speaker on the door controls crackled to life, a metallic noise not unlike that at your local McDonald's drive-thru. By instinct, I looked up the black dome in the ceiling that no doubt held a security camera.

"No problem, Jimmy," Trinh called out into the open air. "Just gimme a couple minutes and then we'll keep going. Enjoy the show!" And with that, Trinh's halter-top came undone. Shrugging slightly, she shimmered out of the rest of the dress, revealing that she wore neither bra nor panties underneath. Even after three weeks, the sight of her prodigious bosom was enough to cause me to gasp in excitement. I could only imagine how things looked on the camera. As usual, the heels stayed on.

Meanwhile, Trinh had finished dropping my pants and boxers to the floor, and had fished out my semi-hard cock. Dropping to her knees. She took me into her mouth, her hot lips quickly going to work sending little bolts of pleasure into my still shocked brain. Even with all of Trinh's previous antics, I was still caught completely by surprise whenever she pulled a new stunt like this. If I was worried about the exhibition of being kissed in a Starbucks, how would I feel about getting a blowjob in an elevator with security watching?

I need not have worried, because blowing me was the last thing Trinh had on her mind. Once I had reached sufficient hardness, I was pushed over onto the floor, and a second later Trinh had sunk herself all the way down onto me. I groaned out in pleasure, my mouth gaping with the feeling of a tight cunt wrapped about me. Whether by coincidence or by design, I also happened to be looking straight up into the black dome, which had a perfect downward view of Trinh's proud chest. We were quickly pounding away at each other, each of my thrusts upwards into Trinh's willing body accompanied by a moan of appreciation from her. After three weeks of almost non-stop fucking, I had gotten quite good at reading her sounds and adjusting my technique accordingly. As such, I was able to bring Trinh to a shrieking orgasm quite quickly. Unfortunately, as a result of Trinh's non-stop fucking of me for those three weeks, she had learned just how to squeeze her inner muscles in order to get me off faster. I was going to have to learn new ways of keeping up my stamina.

She was using those muscles in just that way when I decided to even the odds, the camera be damned. I picked Trinh up and plastered her against the elevator doors, the cool steel bitingly cold against her back. Taking aim once again, I drove my hips forward and impaled her on my cock in one go. The elevator cabin also happened to have a mirror covering the whole back wall, and I knew that Trinh had a perfect view in the mirror of me fucking her. She cried out in pleasure while wrapping her legs about my naked waist. Absently, I wondered how her moans of pleasure must sound over the intercom. I put all of my strength into holding her up while I jerked my hips upwards over and over again.

After a few minutes of this, I knew I was bringing her quickly to her next orgasm. Watching people fuck was one of those things that Trinh got off on, and watching ourselves in an elevator mirror was no different. She was incredibly turned on and ready to burst. I rammed into her harder and harder, knowing I would only have to keep it up for a little longer. This of course meant I was no longer focusing on holding myself at bay, and I was caught completely off guard when Trinh applied those inner muscles of hers. When she finally crested over into climax, her pussy muscles went ballistic on my sensitized rod, and I was suddenly spewing to match her climax. We thrust into each other just twice more as I felt myself pouring out into her, and then finally slumped to the ground. 

When she caught her breath, I watched Trinh reach over into her purse, and got out a tissue to clean herself off. She settled for licking me clean however, which only got my soldier readying itself for another go. Instead, she got up and redressed, and I managed to jump into my suit. Trinh turned to face the dome on the ceiling, and blew a kiss to it. "Okay, Jimmy. We're ready. Oh, and you might want to watch camera 12 on 25!"

A moment later, the elevator had started up again and we were accelerating to the 25th floor. It happened to be one of our executive conference room floors, and stepping off the lift, Trinh quickly paced down to the Santa Fe Room. Bursting open the doors, she quickly closed them again to reveal a large oak table fit for seating twenty people. At the far end of the room, I saw a black recess that probably held the camera. As Trinh paced the room, then plopped herself into the head chair, I looked around. Sure enough, under the camera location was a plate stenciled "Camera 12."

I stood by in the shadows, remaining silent until Trinh revealed her next plan to me. She simply sat in the chair, checking her watch and staring down the front door. Presently, it slipped open and Quyen popped into the room, followed by an absolutely gorgeous woman. Tall, slender, and elegant, I would have taken her for a model if not for her strictly business attire. Absolutely skyscraper legs that seemed to go on forever in a professional business skirt, and four- inch heels gave her a wonderful flex. The prim and proper starched white blouse and jacket did nothing to hide the fact that she had a great rack. To top it all off, she had a gorgeous almond-shaped face. This woman had some distinctly Asian features, yet her skin tone and light hair made me think she was either mixed Caucasian-Asian or Hawaiian. It turned out I was right on both counts.

Quyen was beaming. "Allow me to introduce Kiana. She was our Sorority President and happens to be amazing in bed! She's been working for a Senator in Washington the last few months."

Trinh piped up. "Ki, this is our newest stud. We've given him our expert training, but we need you to verify his quality for us. I'm afraid we've both become a bit biased as to his abilities. Some of us more than others." This last comment headed directly at Quyen, who blushed.

Kiana merely smiled as she paced forwards, shrugging out of her suit coat. "Well, he sure is a lot better looking than those dirty old men on Capitol Hill."

I knew I was gaping in awe at Kiana's beauty, but quickly regained my composure and intended to impress. I wanted to make the twins proud of me. I moved forwards quickly, taking the tall woman into my arms and looking straight into her perfect eyes. I gently stroked her cheek for a moment before leaning in and kissing her, reveling in her sweet smell and taste. I kissed her passionately, my tongue entering her mouth as my hand expertly undid the buttons on her blouse. Kiana simply flowed into my arms and returned the kiss with highly aroused passion. I gently pressed her body backwards until she backed into the board table, then I hoisted her up onto it. I sat her back and then proceeded to tug the skirt and her lace panties off. Much to my delight, Kiana was shaved completely bare. She had a beautiful pussy, soft cunt-lips that were swollen and split wide open to reveal her softer inner lips to my hungry gaze.

I ducked down my head, kneeling on the floor as I proceeded to give Kiana the tongue lashing of a lifetime. I realized now exactly why Trinh had been so adamant that I practice how to tease a woman and not let her come. My fingers penetrated her rapidly moistening cunt, and after less than a minute Kiana's moans had reached a hyper pace and her hips began to spasm. But at the last possible moment, I released my lips and fingers and began to kiss my way down her leg. Ki growled in frustration and instinctively brought a hand to her crotch to finish herself off. I intercepted the hand and got a tight grip on her wrist, holding it away from her body.

When she had sufficiently calmed down, I returned to my spot between her legs and began to gently blow across her wet clit. Kiana started squirming with pleasure. My fingers trailed the line between the bottom of her slit and her butthole, pausing every so often to poke my finger into one orifice or the other.

Meanwhile, Trinh and Quyen had gotten busy. By now they were both naked and had crawled atop the conference table at a different location. The were entwined together in a hot sixty-nine, and I could see that Kiana was whimpering softly as both of her friends reached climax. Meanwhile, I had brought Kiana to the edge a fourth time, and still would not let her come. My lips and tongue and fingers had simply become too talented at this point. She was praising me and cursing me with every other word, loving what I was doing to her body but aching for release.

"All right! All right! You've made your point!" Kiana was screaming and nearly crying. "Now let me come!" It felt good to have brought such a high and mighty, powerful woman to the point of begging little old me to let her get off. I looked to Trinh for approval, and she nodded yes. At that, I bore down into Kiana's pussy, strumming my fingers inside her G-spot and my lips sucking powerfully on her clit. Within seconds she was thrashing side to side uncontrollably, screaming "Yes! Yes!" over and over again. I watched her heaving bosom gyrating within the confines of her bra as she exploded into orgasm.

While she was still in the throes, I got up and dropped my slacks to the floor. Her cunt was still spasming when I penetrated her, sinking myself in to the hilt in one go which rocketed her off into a second orgasm. Her pussy was juicing out of control as I began to ream her out. I leaned down, burying my face in her gyrating bosom and then broke apart the front-clasp of her bra. There she lay, with her blouse and bra wide open and revealing her gorgeous bust to my hungry gaze. Her boobs were impossibly round, suggesting implants, and the soft flesh combined with the firm structure in my palms send shock waves of power into my head.

Energetically we fucked, Kiana's lithe body sliding back and forth across the smooth surface of the table with every thrust. I was yanking her back onto my dick just by tugging on her tits, a wonderfully painful pleasure that had her screaming at me to fuck her harder. Trinh and Quyen had meanwhile ground to a halt, only absently touching each other as they watched the two of us fucking like jackrabbits. I had lifted Kiana's hips into the palms of my hands and hooked her legs over my shoulders when she crescendoed into another orgasm. When this one washed over her body, it seemed to suck all the rest of her energy out of her as she went limp in my arms when it had run its course.

I pulled out of her, letting her lay panting on her back with her legs dangling off the edge of the table. Trinh slid off of Quyen and crawled across the table to Kiana, where they gently kissed and whispered to each other. I could hear faint giggling and a breathy "Oh, my gawd..." from Kiana.

Quyen, meanwhile, saw my rigidly hard erection and decided to have me for herself. She leapt off the table and dropped to her knees, sucking me into her mouth to taste Kiana's flavors on me. Then she pushed me into one of the wide and plush executive chairs circling the table. Then turning about, she sat in my lap with her back to me, and pressed my hard-on inside of her. It was a good thing her ass was as trim as it was, because due to the angle only a few inches penetrated into her. But that seemed to be enough as Quyen took up a circling motion as my little head rimmed her gaping pussy. I had my left hand palming one of her tits while the other dropped into her lap to titillate Quyen's clit. She squealed with delight and shivered in my arms, and after only a few minutes of our mini-fuck she shrieked and dumped a load of girlcum into my hand.

Trinh meanwhile had split her legs over Kiana's face and bent down into Kiana's crotch to complete another sixty-nine. A visibly recovered Ki eagerly munched out her old sorority sister while I watched Trinh's long tongue lapping at Kiana's bare cunt. The two obviously had many hours of practice at this, as the sounds both were making showed their familiarity with each others' bodies. Upon watching me and Quyen screwing and seeing Quyen cry out when she came, Kiana popped her head up. "He can make Quyen shriek?"

Following her orgasm, Quyen hopped off me and bent over, bracing her hands against the desk only a foot from Trinh and Kiana. Taking her cue, I settled in behind Quyen and with practiced ease slipped my way into her cunt from behind. She breathily moaned out her appreciation while Kiana kept looking over to see the normally silent Quyen screaming like a banshee as I plugged her over and again. The girls had repeated orgasms that round, and right on cue, when Quyen hit her next orgasm she squeezed her cunt muscles in that way she knew to get me off. The room was filled with a chorus of moans as all four of us came almost simultaneously, Ki and Trinh dumping loads of cum into each others mouths while Quyen and I mixed up a blended cocktail of orgasmic fluids within her pussy.

At long last everyone was drained, although Kiana paused a moment to descend her lips into Quyen's oozing crotch to taste me. The sight of stunning Kiana sucking my juice out of Quyen's cunt was almost enough to get me up again, although a look at the wall clock told me I had already been gone far too long for a coffee break.
