 Author's note.

This is the third and final part of my Egyptian trilogy. Although I feel it stands alone quite well as a story by itself, it might be wise to read the other two parts first.

Enjoy

Sammi x





We spent three weeks on the Hachrum. It was three weeks of unadulterated luxury touring some of the top spots of Europe including: Rome, Sardinia, Portofino, Venice, Monaco, Juan les Pins and Athens. We travelled everywhere first class, had chauffeur driven cars, ate in the top restaurants and stayed in only the very best hotels. He bought Halima and I clothes and jewellery, we had our hair and make-up looked after in the top salons and we used some exclusive spas.

I could see that I could rapidly get used to such largess although I was surprised at it. I knew that he was wealthy as indeed were Halima and her family, but I had no idea it was on such a scale; I liked it.

In most hotels, we would have a two or where they had one a three bedroomed suite. Ahmed was very organised and religiously slept with us on alternate nights. The Hachrum really was a period when the wives get to know each other and that worked well for us. It worked to the extent that when we returned to Cairo Halima and I were good mates and felt a lot for each other. 

It had been strange at times on the honeymoon particularly when we stayed at a hotel for a few days as we did at, for instance the Splendido in Portofina. It was when we saw the same people several times, perhaps at dinner, in the bar or round the pool. I could almost see many couples' minds going into overdrive when they saw this quite Arab looking couple with a young, blonde bird. They would know I couldn't be their daughter and as there were no children I wouldn't be a nanny so they must have had some lurid thoughts!

Being Ahmed's wife was quite different in some ways to being his mistress. Then, he would talk about Halima and their sex together. He would tell me how she would let him have anal, but would not swallow his cum, whereas I was pretty ok with sucking and swallowing, but was scared of anal. Before the marriage, we talked about what they did together, but now we didn't. It was odd, but we did talk about us.

His finger was pressing right on my anus. He removed it and replaced it with his tongue. He lifted me a little so I was supporting myself by my knees and chest. He was holding me up by my hips, his thumbs pressing into my cheeks pulling them apart as his tongue found my hole. It edged in a little.

"I want this Sammi, when will you be ready for me?" He asked pressing the tip of his cock against the puckered, darker skin surrounding my anus.



I was scared and I felt silly and embarrassed. I knew that like many men and certainly most Arabs, anal sex was important to him. I also knew that sooner or later I would have to let him for I was starting to feel that Halima had found the way to swallow.

*

My life as a married woman moved on. We had servants so I had no housework or grocery shopping to do, but I was encouraged, not told to keep working as Halima did. So, my day settled into breakfast for all three of us at around seven when Ahmed would leave for the office, although he was away in Egypt and other areas of the Middle East most weeks for a night or two. I would then drive to work in the Mini Cooper S that Ahmed provided. I would work from eight to two have a break for two hours then often do two more hours until six or so; everyone seemed to work long hours and very hard.

We would try to eat dinner together around eight, watch a little TV and then bed at ten or so.

Having never lived with anyone on a permanent basis before I was a little surprised at the lack of sex. I didn't know of course on the nights when he didn't invite me into his bed whether Halima got a call or not, but I guess I got there on average three times a week. The relative lack of sex was surprising but not frustrating, as I do not really have that strong a sex drive; it was certainly more than I normally got in my 'spinster' life back in the UK, but was not as frequent as I somewhat ridiculously imagined. With most of the boy friends I had been with, including DD and Ahmed actually, sex was always on the agenda and we did it almost every time we met. So, I found it strange at first to be with Ahmed and not to have sex. Neverthless, what we had was sufficient for me not to masturbate. That was other than with Ahmed who loved to watch me bring myself off, but then I enjoyed watching him as well.

I spent a lot of time with Halima and really got to like her. I couldn't put myself in her position, though and gain any idea what it must feel like to be with another woman, a younger one at that, who is screwing your husband. She seemed to take it in her stride though, but then the Egyptians have had centuries of practice!

As the summer wore on so we started work earlier, often around seven and finished for the day at one. That left the early afternoon for lunch and the later, from four to six for swimming and sunbathing by the quite lovely pool in the garden. I was absolutely amazed the first time Halima and I sunbathed together a few weeks after we returned from the Hachrum. During that she had worn very modest, one-piece bathing suits and although her big breasts were obvious they were well covered. In the security of her own home and with wife two as the only company she clearly didn't feel the need to be so covered. 

I had used the pool with Ahmed a few times, even going so far as us shagging in it when Halima was in Alexandria on a business trip. It was late afternoon when I had been there for an hour or so and she came down in a long, black and gold lacy sun robe. Standing close to where I was lying on a sun bed in a tiny yellow bikini, but then I don't have much to cover, she removed the robe. To say that I was gob-smacked is a massive understatement. She was wearing a white bikini made from a very thin material. It clung to her like a second skin and through the bra her prominent nipples and her areola were clearly outlined. The edge of the bra only just, well until she moved and it slipped, covered them. The panties were miniscule and hardly covered her pubic hairs. As she stood before me preparing to lay next to me I couldn't help saying.

"You look lovely Halima."

Glancing down at me, running her gaze up and down my slim body and smiling she replied.

"And so do you Sammi, so do you." 

Tradition seemed to determine everything in Egypt, even more so than in the UK. We even had afternoon tea at four o'clock for fuck's sake! It was a strong tradition that a man's wives spent time together, just like in the old-fashioned harems where they lived together twenty four hours a day. 

Being Egyptian, Muslim and a traditionalist in many aspects of life, although quite liberated and modern-thinking in other aspects, Halima followed many of the traditions. Hence, she and I started spending more and more time together. In addition to most evenings waiting for Ahmed to come home for dinner, we often shopped or sunbathed in the late afternoons, we had breakfast together and ate dinner with our joint husband. 

This increased, though, when a subsidiary of the group with branches in Alexandria and Luxor was having some problems and Ahmed was spending two or three days most weeks in those cities. This was in addition to his other travel to the Emirates, Qatar and Oman. Hence, we saw less of him and more of each other. Halima was very considerate and gracious and included me in events, outings to her friends' houses and her card playing evenings; I even learned how to play bridge, but even in the liberal Egypt women didn't go out that much to restaurants or bars on their owns. So we took to spending most evenings watching TV or DVDs and gradually becoming closer and more relaxed with each other.

We discussed many topics including my life in England, which was now behind me and how I was enjoying my new life. I told her about my time at uni, censoring the episodes with Stephanie and DD.  I told her about my experiences at drama college again avoiding mentioning about my glamour modelling, and about how my dad had lost most of his money with the Spanish property crash. I explained that mum and dad had broken up and were getting divorced. In fact I quite opened my heart to her; I felt she was like the older sister I never had.

As we became more familiar and relaxed with each other, so our discussions became more intimate. 

"Do you feel any jealousy?" I asked her one evening when Ahmed was in Saudi Arabia.

"About you?"

"Yes."

"In some ways yes, but I have been brought up to accept such a situation."

"What about when he doesn't ask you into his bed and you know I am there?" I asked. I was interested for that's when I felt jealous and, incidentally was the only time nowadays when I masturbated.

"But I do not know you are there Sammi, do I?"

"No true" I smiled. "But you must guess as I do?"

"Of course and yes I am jealous, but not of you my dear."

"What do you mean?"

"I accept that he will be with you, I realise he needs more so I am not jealous that he gets it from you."

"So what are you jealous about?"

"Sometimes I do hear noises when you are with him."

"Sorry I can be noisy, but I do too when you and Ahmed make love" I replied lighting a cigarette as I had taken up smoking again.

"And when I think of what you and he are doing I am jealous of the feelings and sensations I think you must be having as I lay there with none."

Taking a deep puff and blowing the smoke up towards the ceiling I said quietly. "None Halima?" 

"Well some and you Sammi?"

"When I know that you and he are having sex Halima I have to tell you that I get very aroused."

"Well I suppose I do too, but I have more experience of that."

"How do you mean?"

"Well Ahmed has had other affairs."

"Before me?" I asked pouring myself a glass of Egyptian white wine. "Halima?" I asked holding the bottle. Ahmed didn't drink at all, but Halima had wine with me at dinner, but was by no means a big drinker.

"Yes please" she said so I went to the kitchen and got her a glass and half-filled it.

"Yes before you, he has been well behaved since then, I think."

We both laughed. 

"What, so when he was with other women you knew?"

"Not often, but I did when he was with you especially when he moved you to Cairo. I knew where you lived and

that he stopped off on his way home."

Walking over to where she was sprawled on the settee, I handed her the glass.

I was wearing a floor length, very thin skirt with a slit up one side nearly to the edge of my panties. Standing with one knee bent the slit had opened and my tanned leg was bare almost all the way up.

"I am so sorry Hamila."

"At what?" She asked taking the glass.

"Hurting you. I never thought we would meet."

"It's ok Sammi. I did hate you then, but now it is different."

"How is it different?" I asked standing beside her looking down. She was wearing a loose blouse and her large breasts were sagging to one side. I could see the outline of her bra and nipples through her top.

"We are wives now Sammi" she said quietly sliding her hand out and touching me just behind my knee. It felt very sensual.

"Yes we are" I whispered enjoying her touch.

"And because of that" she went on quietly running her hand up the back of my leg a little way. "I love you."

"Oh Halima" I sighed bending down slightly as she sat up. Our faces were level, her hand was still on my leg and our gazes were locked. 

I did masturbate that night, but it was a combination of Halima and Stephanie who were in my mind as my fingers made love to my body.

I was only nineteen when I went to Bristol University to read English and Philosophy. I didn't really like it and never settled. In the end I left half way through the second year. There were only two things that are memorable to me from my time there: I seduced DD and Stephanie, sort of, seduced me!

DD was a married lecturer aged nearly forty. I had one to one tutorials with him. On the fourth we ended up naked having sex on his green chesterfield. We have been lovers ever since.

I met Stephanie through the drama club. We were immediately attracted to each other. Although she was a post grad student we saw each other quite often and that attraction grew as we worked on a play together. 

Like most girls my age I had kissed and groped other girls at clubs and parties, but I had never made love or had full sex with one. I thought that was going to happen with Stephanie, but more due to fate and circumstances it never happened. Whether I would have been up for anything more than the few kisses and brief caresses we had I am not sure, but in the end it hadn't mattered.

Halima and I now became more intimate with each other. We were more touchy feely, we linked arms when out shopping and thought nothing of being in the same cubicle and undressing to try on clothes. We were spending more and more time together and she was telling about the traditions and how harems used to run, and still do she added in the more isolated places like Aswan.

I couldn't really understand my feelings for her. Not having a sister, I hadn't experienced sisterly love so I couldn't compare what I felt for Halima to that. The only other strong, emotional reaction to a woman I had experienced was with Steph. That was at first a sort of hero worship of this twenty five year old honours graduate taking her MA who befriended me. She was stunning looking with spectacular breasts and a whole coterie of followers all of whom clearly wanted to get her in bed. That she so nearly got me into bed gave me a whole new raft of feelings for her including sheer lust; it wasn't the same sensations as with Halima though. Again, I had strong feelings for DD, I still do, but they were based on my sexual desire for an older, more experienced man with a tinge of father figure.

Halima was constantly on my mind even when Ahmed was around. I felt sorry for her when I was with Ahmed and slightly jealous on the nights when he didn't open my door and I heard from his room. Ahmed was home probably no more than three nights a week during this period and he seemed to open my door on two of those; the grass being greener or the pastures new syndromes I imagined.

By, yes fucking, tradition there was a way to go to bed when all three of us were around. After dinner Halima and I would say goodnight to Ahmed, usually around nine-thirty. We would go upstairs together, often holding hands or with linked arms and would kiss good night outside the door to Ahmed's room. Looking lingeringly at each other as we kissed three times on the cheeks we would slowly release our hands and go our separate ways to our rooms. They were luxurious. Each had a sitting room, bathroom, dressing room and of course the bedroom.  

I would bathe and dress in a negligee or simply a short, silk robe. Awaiting Ahmed I would watch TV or use my laptop to surf the web. My eyes, though would rarely leave the connecting door between our rooms for if that opened I knew that he wanted me. When it did open I felt overjoyed and incredibly worked up, but when it didn't I was upset and a little jealous, although I hated myself for that. Fortunately it opened more often than it didn't.

I got used to this lifestyle that was part very grandiose and luxurious and part rather Spartan and boring. But overcoming any downside were the feelings it was creating inside me. I had never lived an emotional life before and I was starting to enjoy it and find peace, pleasure and satisfaction. I was coming to the conclusion that I not only loved Ahmed, but that also Halima and I were in love. What I wasn't able to work out in my mind was the differences between the two loves. 

I tried explaining to Ahmed.

"Hali and I are getting on better and better all the time" I told him one evening just after he had brought me off with his mouth and I was about to return the pleasure.

"Yes that's good."

We paused to kiss and stroke each other. I went on. "This may seem strange Ahmed, but I am in a way falling in love with her."

"That too is good and how things should be" he explained.

As Halima and I spent even more time together over the next few and we became closer and closer we saw little of Ahmed for he was working on the Alexandria problem and had to go on business trips to Russia and India; it was a very busy time businesswise, but a very slow one sexwise. 

It was the same for all of us, although after the way Ahmed had so easily fallen into an affair with me when I was on holiday at the hotel he ran in Sharm el Sheikh, I had my suspicions that he might not have gone as much without as Halima and I did.

Nevertheless, on the first night he was back after a ten day absence when I was in my room, I was devastated when I heard low moans and the quite noisy deep grunts he makes when he cums. I started to cry, but was so worked up that turned into me touching myself and beginning to masturbate. That is until my door opened and Ahmed walked in naked. He took me to my bed and after an extended bout of oral love he fucked me quite beautifully.

The normal score if Ahmed wanted me was about half an hour after Halima and I had gone up, my door would open. Usually he would push it about half open and leave it. I knew then he wanted me to go to him. Sometimes, as he had the other night he came into my room.

A few days later after he had been home each night for a week or so something different happened. My door was pushed open and he didn't come through. Wearing a mid-thigh length, white lace, see through night dress with little press studs up the front I walked to the door. Pushing it fully open I stood in the doorway ready to walk through into his room. Normally the first thing my eyes see is Ahmed. This time, though my gaze was drawn to something else. The door to Halima's room was also open. That had never happened before. I glanced at my husband who was lying on the bed seemingly naked with just a sheet pulled up to his waist. He smiled. At first, I couldn't work out what was happening. I thought that maybe the door had been left open when Halima had returned to her room after having sex with Ahmed although to my knowledge that had not happened before. But then suddenly Halima filled the gap and was standing in the doorway. She was naked. Our gazes met. We both smiled and looked at Ahmed.

"Come to me now, both of you please."

I think at that moment we both knew that something very special was going to happen tonight. I was hellishly nervous as I walked towards the bed at the same time as Halima. Although I was yearning for Ahmed I could not take my eyes off her.

There was no doubt that she was a big woman. Around five feet seven or eight she towered over my five feet four inches. She was in proportion all over and must have weighed near to one fifty pounds; she was a typical Egyptian goddess look alike. She had shapely, but sturdy legs with thick thighs yet trim calves and ankles. She had a slight, child-bearing bulge on her tum that made it stick out and sag a little, though I didn't find it unsightly. Her hips were broad and rounded and must have been up near the forty inches mark and behind them was a round, full arse with rotund, wobbly cheeks. Her waist was in proportion to the rest of her body with the rotund flare of her hips making it appear trimmer than it probably was. As she covered the short distance from her door to the bed and sat on the edge, it was the movement of her large breasts that first took my eye. I knew she was big, but hadn't realised that she was up round those new sizes like double G! Despite that, they weren't floppy although of course there was a degree of sag and an intriguing wobble and jiggle as she moved. Being quite dark skinned her areola were almost brown and were capped by really prominent nipples that must have stood out by nearly half an inch making me wonder whether that was the norm or was she aroused.
