 I'm at my desk, wrapping up another stressful day at work, hoping I can get out by 7. The phone rings. It's my wife, Jasmine, letting me know I won't need to pick up our daughter as she's staying overnight at a friend's, and "by the way, what time will you be home?"

I tell her that I'm leaving in a few and should be there in half an hour. "I love you babe," I say.

"I love you too," she replies, but there's a tension in her voice that tells me she's distracted.

I head home, looking west as I drive in the hopes of getting a peek of another incredible Maui sunset, catching it just in time to see the sun disappear behind the island of Kaho'olawe. 

I'm looking forward to the night ahead. Jasmine and I have both been working mad hours and haven't made love in almost a week; an eternity for us. I knew by the way she moved against me this morning that she was itching for a fuck. Add to that an empty house, thanks to a school trip and a sleepover, and you have the makings of an evening of mind-blowing sex. 

The tone in my wife's voice troubled me a little. I'd heard it before, and it usually didn't mean something fun was coming. I begin to wonder if she's upset with the hours I've been working again. Despite what the rest of the world might think, living in Hawaii is not all beaches and bikinis. Most residents have at least two jobs, and unless you're wealthy you can expect to work 60 hours a week just to keep the wolf away from the door.

I pull into the driveway and walk towards the house, greeted by the scent of plumeria and ylang ylang. I open the door to find Jasmine opening a bottle of wine, and a woman seated at the kitchen table. I appear to have caught them in the middle of a conversation. They're both talking and laughing. This woman is obviously someone my wife knows, but I can't seem to recall meeting her. 

My heart sinks a bit. I was hoping to have the whole night together. No big deal. I'm sure the visit was unplanned. This is probably one of her industry friends that she hasn't seen in a while. Jasmine has worked in Hawaii hotels for so long that she can't go anywhere without seeing someone she knows.

I look at my wife and smile. She returns the look with her 'bear with me for a minute' face, her tanned skin and dark eyes standing out against her loose-fitting white dress. She looks stunning. Jasmine is in her late forties, but Chinese ancestry and half a lifetime in paradise make her look 15 years younger. 

"Hi babe," she says, giving me a peck on the lips. I taste wine. She's been drinking. "This is Rachel. We met a few days ago. She's here on an incentive trip with one of my hotel groups."

"Hi Rachel, nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too," she replies, extending her hand. She smiles, cocking her head a bit to the side. 

My admittedly weak flirt alarm chimes. 'No way,' I think. 'This girl is not flirting with me in front of my wife. You're just horny. And don't stare at her.'

Rachel looks to be in her mid-forties. Cute, minimal makeup, dark brown hair tied in a ponytail. She's fit, but not gym-rat fit. She has a friendly face with laugh lines at the corners of her bright brown eyes. 

I tell my dick it can wait for an hour. It's time for me to be a good husband. Jasmine steps up with a glass of wine and hands another to our guest. 

"Enjoying your trip?" I ask, kicking off what becomes a few minutes of small talk. Rachel works in tech (sales), won a trip for hitting her goals, and is here for a few more days. First time to Hawaii, recent divorcee, kids out of the house, working a lot but not really enjoying it. 

Rachel empties her glass while I'm on my third sip. I reach for the wine and she pushes her glass towards me. I can feel her eyes burning into the side of my face as I pour. I finish with a quarter-turn to catch the drip. "Oooh, fancy," she giggles, confirming my suspicions that she and my wife are into their second bottle. 

Rachel tells me that my wife has been such a good friend this week, and how lucky she was to have met her. 

"Yes, she's amazing," I say, looking at Jasmine with a smile.

Four glasses of wine have allowed Rachel's filter to open up a bit, and she begins to tell us more. How shitty her husband was to her. How they hadn't slept in the same room for almost a year before he packed up and out of their 25-year marriage, leaving her 14 months ago for a woman he met online. The next six were a blur of lawyers and therapy. She was hoping to meet someone this week, but all of the men she's met were either married and happy, or married and hiding it. She didn't want a one-nighter. It didn't feel safe. 

This is way more information than I need at this point, and I start to worry about just how far down the rabbit hole she'll go, and how far she'll need to come back before she calls it a night and leaves. 

"I've had a pretty difficult year, and I want to have fun and forget about all of my ex-husband's bullshit," Rachel says. "A week on the beach was just what I needed. I haven't been this relaxed since last April." 

"Are you having fun?" I ask.

"Yes, but I didn't get what I came for."

"What's that?"

"A good fuck," Rachel says, laughing, taking another long pull at her wine. 

The hair stands up on the back of my neck. I'm sorry, but when a woman tells you that she's in need of a good fuck, even standing next to your wife can't stop your cock from stirring. 

'Jesus,' I think, 'This girl is on the prowl'. I look over to see Jasmine's reaction. She's looking at Rachel. 

She turns to me and says, "Babe, Rachel is our unicorn."

I stare back, swallowing hard. 

"Really." That's about the most eloquent I can get, given that my heart rate has just shot into the triple digits. I feel a rush of blood pour straight to my loins.

Rachel laughs and raises her glass. Jasmine touches her glass to hers, then to mine, both of them looking at me as I take the last swallow. 

"Hey, I'm not complaining, but there's a story here and I'd love to hear it," I say. They both begin to tell me how they got to this, taking turns with the details, pausing to laugh at the uncomfortable parts. 

As they became friends, Rachel shared her 'mission' with Jasmine, asking if she knew anyone she could meet - someone she trusted. Rachel really did want to hook up with someone, but didn't want the news of it to end up all over her company, or worse, put herself into a dangerous situation.

Jasmine, seeing an opportunity, took a chance over a few cocktails and asked if Rachel had ever been with a woman and a man at the same time. No, never, but she had been curious about it. She had once proposed a threesome with her husband and a friend of hers, but that was really just an attempt at saving her marriage. Incredibly, her husband declined. Three months later she found out about the online affair, which at the time of her proposal had already moved to business trips and lunchtime quickies with the other woman. At that point, Rachel hadn't had sex with her husband for over a year. "Thank god for the vibrator," she had said. "If I had bought stock in Duracell, I'd be retired by now." 

Jasmine shared our first threesome experience, telling her how much fun it was, gauging her reaction. She rolled the the dice and asked Rachel if she'd be interested in spending a night with the two of us. "Are you inviting me to come to your house and fuck your husband?" Rachel had asked. "Only if I can watch," Jasmine had replied. The two of them think this is just the funniest thing; they're both practically in tears. I'm making a show of laughing, but all I can think about is watching Rachel lick my wife's pussy while I fuck her, and having both of them suck my cock at the same time, which is now beginning to swell.

I make a short mental list of have-to-haves: 

1. Make them both come at the same time, at least once. 

2. Fuck each of them in every opening. 

My cock practically roars out of my pants.

"How about if I go get the bedroom ready?" I ask. Rachel playfully slams her palms on the table. "Let's do this!" she cries. Jasmine and I laugh. We both like her. This is going to be fun. 

I head to the bedroom and put on one of our late-night playlists, the one we listened to in Mexico with Stephanie. I light a few candles, and open the cabinet under the nightstand to pull anything out that will be of use later on. An array of toys lives here: dildos of varying shapes and sizes, vibrators ranging from bullet to Coke bottle, plugs, sleeves, rings, and four sets of nipple clamps - 'beginner' to 'bite the heel of your hand'. I decide to play it safe, taking only the pump bottle of lube and leaving everything else behind. I don't want Rachel seeing a giant Doc Johnson and bolting for the door in terror, and besides, the Hitachi is in permanent residence under Jasmine's pillow, plugged in and ready to go if needed. I think of how Rachel will react when it touches her, and smile. I doubt that she's ever played with a vibrator of this strength. She's in for a wild night.

The bedroom and bathroom are clean. Jasmine knew she was coming. I jump in for a quick shower and manscape, put on a pair of jeans and a long-sleeve shirt, and a bit of l'Occitan in the right places. 

I hear the two women walking towards the bedroom, but both are silent. Jasmine raises her eyebrows at me as they enter.

I'm hoping Rachel doesn't bail out on us. She has to be nervous, but thankfully, for us, she's had no sex for a year and a half. I'd imagine this would put a dent in a person's inhibitions. 

I start the shower again, hoping to throw a hint. This is the moment of truth. 

"So, who undresses first?" Rachel says. 

Jasmine slides out of her dress. She's wearing a low-cut white bra. Her beautiful breasts bulge against the cups as she bends over to pick the dress up from the floor, her dark nipples peeking through the lace. A pair of my favorite panties barely covers her luscious ass.

Rachel laughs. "Ok then. I guess I'm next." She undresses facing Jasmine, slowly stripping off her jeans, wriggling them over the white thong she's wearing underneath. Jasmine steps in to help with her t-shirt. Rachel has a nice ass, with light tan lines, her sunburn fading to a golden brown.

"Well?" they both say at once, immediately looking back at each other and laughing. 

I take off my pants first, my hard-on tenting the front tails of my shirt. "Well hello there," Rachel says. "Looks like someone came out to play," before taking off her bra and stepping out of her thong. Her c-cup breasts look firm, her nipples already erect. I look her up and down, trying not to make it too obvious. She's been waxed, and recently. I take off my shirt and lead them both back to the shower.

Stepping into the shower, Rachel is all chatty at first, but stops when Jasmine reaches out to kiss me, watching as she takes hold of my cock with one hand and places the other between Rachel's breasts. Jasmine soaps up her hands and begins stroking me while lathering up one of Rachel's tits. Rachel gasps a little, and I wonder if it's because it feels good, or if it's because she has another woman's hand on her. I reach my hand to her other breast. Still kissing my wife, I make my way down Rachel's side to her hip. I reach out and begin stroking Jasmine's already-wet pussy, my other hand reaching for Rachel's. 

Jasmine's hand sneaks behind Rachel to give her ass a gentle squeeze. I start to stroke Rachel - three fingers gliding over her labia, the middle one exerting a little more pressure than the others. Rachel gasps again, only this time it starts with a little cry. My hand strokes a little harder as Jasmine continues to massage her ass. I bump into Jasmine's fingers, and we start to stroke her together, her fingers going down Rachel's ass to her pussy lips in time with mine rubbing her clit. Rachel spreads her legs a little, an invitation for more. 

I slide two fingers into Rachel and two into Jasmine at the same time, my mouth reaching for my wife's breast. They both moan, hips pushing my fingers in deeper. I lift my head and move over to take one of Rachel's rock-hard nipples in my mouth, my tongue first circling, then flicking it while I suck. She draws in a deep breath and arches her back.

My fingers slide out of her to circle her clit a few times before plunging back into her dripping pussy. She's moaning non-stop now, and her head drops to my chest. Jasmine is still stroking my cock, but I take her hand away and place it behind her, telling her to spread her lips apart for me. 

I start to rub the inside of Jasmine's pussy in that sweet spot that makes her cream, while massaging her clit with the palm of my hand. 

I begin to do the same to Rachel. Her breaths quickly become fast and shallow, punctuated by soft moans.

Jasmine grabs my wrist with both hands and starts to grind against me, her legs beginning to quiver. I can tell from her moans that it won't be long. I slow down a bit. I want the two of them to come together, and Rachel needs to catch up. Wait baby," I whisper. "Wait for her." She relaxes, her hips taking long, slow pulls at my hand. 

Rachel reaches out to lay a hand on my shoulder, then a second. This is the first she's touched me. Soon she has both hands wrapped around the back of my neck, pumping her pussy up and down on my fingers. 

I stroke her outer wall faster, cupping my hand and pulling it up and towards me. She hangs at my neck and starts to stand up on her toes.

"Now baby," I say, and a few short pumps of Jasmine's hips has the first of the night's orgasms rocking her body. Her legs are clamped together. I can feel her pussy contracting around my fingers, but she holds back her cries. The juice runs out of her, over my hand, and down the inside of her thigh. 

Rachel explodes almost immediately after, first continuing to pump my fingers into her as she starts to come, then stopping as her body shakes through the waves of the orgasm. She grips my arm and pulls me close, face pointed to the ceiling, mouth open, silent, the water from the shower running down the sides of her face.

I lean in to kiss my wife, and she relaxes her hold on my wrist. I rub her swollen labia softly, deep-kissing her. Rachel begins to descend from her cum-high, loosens her grip on my arm and shoulder and looks at me, blinking. She's clearly embarrassed. I slowly take my fingers out of her. 

We rinse off in silence. I turn off the shower and step out to grab a few towels. I dry both of them off - gently, attentively. No one says a word, and I wonder if we're done for the night. Is being with two people too intense for Rachel? Is it not what she thought it would be? Was she expecting more? Less?

Rachel says, "That's the first someone's made me come in a long time," and kisses each of us on the cheek. 'Shit,' I think. 'She's done. That's a 'thanks 'bye' if I've ever heard one.'

"I'm glad you came," Jasmine says. "I want to watch you come over and over," She takes Rachel's hand. "But first, we're going to suck his cock." 

"Twist my arm," she replies, looking over her shoulder at me as Jasmine leads her to the bedroom. I can feel my heart pounding through my rock-hard erection. 

"I'm actually not very good at this," Rachel confides when we get to the bedroom.

"Don't worry," I tell her. "She is." 

My cock is throbbing so hard that it bobs slightly with every heartbeat. A huge bead of precum hangs on the tip. 

Jasmine gets on her knees in front of me, gently taking my cock in her hand. She looks me in the eyes, and drags the tip of her tongue over the tip of my cock, pulling the precum off in a long strand. I let out a long, low moan. 

"Ohmygod, that's so hot," Rachel exclaims, breathlessly.

"Come down here with me," Jasmine says. Rachel kneels next to her. Jasmine begins to make slow circles around the head of my cock with her tongue, her eyes locked with mine, pulling off another long, sticky thread of cum. I moan again, gritting my teeth. "Fuck baby, that feels so good."

"Now you try it," she tells Rachel. Rachel takes hold of my swollen member and begins to trace quick, clumsy circles around the head. Sloppy or not, having a strange mouth on me makes me gasp. 

"Slower," Jasmine tells her. Rachel tries again, this time dragging her tongue lazily around the head, but not giving me any eye contact. Jasmine reaches over and squeezes the base of my cock, milking out a few more drops of cum. Rachel looks at it tentatively, then pulls it up with the tip of her tongue in a long arc. Jasmine pulls her in and kisses her, my cum now on both hers and Rachel's lips. "Good girl," she says. 

Over the next ten minutes Jasmine shows Rachel how to please me with her mouth. How to hold the head of my cock in her mouth while flicking the underside with her tongue, how to run her tongue up and down my shaft, and how to suck open-mouthed. She shows her how spitting on my cock and letting the saliva run down it, before taking me back in her mouth makes me crazy. Jasmine shows Rachel, then has her try each move on me. She learns quickly, and before I know it she's sucking me long and slow, moaning with a mouth full of my swollen meat. I gently try to lift her chin but she pulls away, refusing to look up at me. 

I feel like I'm going to burst. 

"Have you ever had your mouth fucked?" Jasmine asks her. "Mm,mm" she replies, looking towards her while bobbing up and down on my cock. I take that as a no.

"I want to watch you fuck her mouth, baby," Jasmine tells me. "Fuck her mouth for me."

I wrap Rachel's ponytail around my hand and start to make short, safe thrusts. 

Jasmine holds Rachel's hands behind her back and tells her, "Open your mouth." Rachel obeys, and I go a little harder, a little deeper. 

"Wider. Open it wider." Rachel opens her mouth so that her lips are no longer touching my cock. It's making a soft slopping sound as I thrust in and out, hitting the back of her throat. 

"Harder," Jasmine says. She grabs my ass and start pushing it towards Rachel with every thrust, while I'm pulling her head towards me with her ponytail, yanking her head on and off of my throbbing cock. 

Saliva starts to run out of Rachel's mouth and down the sides of her face. Her eyes begin to tear up, and I slow down for a moment to make sure that she's ok. She pulls off my cock, breathless. She takes it in her hand and begins to slowly stroke it, her eyes fixed on the tip. She spits on it, and strokes me a little faster. Eyes narrowed, she looks up at me and says, "Fuck my mouth again. Fuck it hard." 

Jasmine moves behind Rachel and holds her arms to her sides. I take Rachel's hair in one hand, cup her chin with the other, and thrust in and out of her mouth with punishingly fast, hard pumps, until I feel the first twinge of an orgasm start to well within me. I pull my cock out quickly, holding her head back by her ponytail. She gasps for air, a mix of spit and precum running off her chin.

Jasmine pulls me to her and runs her lips up and down the side of my shaft. Rachel moves over to take the other side. Both of them slide their lips up and down my cock, from base to tip. They both stop at the head and begin sucking and flicking their tongues on it. I can't take much more of this.

"I'm gonna come," I moan. They both lick harder, faster, mouths moving up and down the head. I can feel my load beginning to swell. 

"Here it comes, oh god." I arch my back, holding on as long as I can, until my cock explodes, the first spurt shooting into Jasmine's hair. She points it at Rachel and lets it blast all over her lips. Rachel grabs it, hard, letting it spew into her open mouth. Jasmine takes me back and continues to suck me, making me beg her to stop, until she takes me out of her mouth to let me finish, running her tongue up and down me. Rachel does the same, and I'm back to having two tongues lapping at my still-pumping cock. 
