 I met Amy when I started working for a large computer company in Texas, seeing her in the corporate lunchroom across a sea of debutantes. Her natural blonde hair, coiffured into a cotton candy helmet, statuesque 5'10" figure with three inch heels on legs that seem to go on forever. Her luscious breasts are somewhere between a C and D cup, which she tells me often drives her quite mad when trying to find pretty bra that will fit. They certainly filled out her business suit with the pleated skirt that hinted at the magnificent curves of her ass. Our eyes locked, an electric current surged through my body, and I blew her a kiss. She swept out of the room with a smile on her face.I met her in her office, astonished at my good luck. She was a Senior Programmer, assigned to be my boss. My heart crashed through the floor

when I heard her speak.

"Doug, I've asked that you be transferred. Your skills are better suited to scientific projects. It makes me sad that you won't be under me." Amy said with a mischievous smile, the kind that only wicked women can wear.

"Amy, I'm sorry about what happened in the lunchroom." I pleaded.

"I'm not, why should you be? Besides, if you work for me, I couldn't possibly accept your invitation to dinner and dancing." she teased.

"I'm confused. You're not offended, but you're transferring me?" I spluttered.

"Doug my dear, I keep my business and pleasures separate." she said with that smile again. I'm a little slow, but I finally caught on.

"So what you're saying, Amy, is that instead of complaining that I'm being transferred to the job I asked for in the first place, I should be asking the most beautiful woman I've ever been in the same room with, for a date?" I guessed.

"Yes, Doug, you should." Amy pouted.

"Would Friday be good for you, dinner at seven?" I asked politely.

"And dancing. Don't forget the dancing, Doug. Seven is fine." Amy teased.

Amy and I ate the hottest Mexican food I have ever had the luck to be tortured by, and our dancing under the stars in the cobblestone courtyard will be a memory that I treasure forever. We walked down the river walk in the warm night, bathing in the moonlight, until we stopped under a huge tree. Amy's mouth opened to say something, which I never heard. The romantic setting had me in it's full grip, and I kissed her with all of my passion. She kissed me back with all of her passion, and it seemed like that one kiss has never ended.

We took a boat back to the car, the car back to her apartment in some non-descript tower. Clothes flew off everywhere as she pulled me across the room. We ended up with my cock throbbing inside her, as she held onto the railing, grunting and shouting in ecstasy as we climaxed together. Only then did I realize we were twenty floors up. Amy kissed me again, and pulled me back inside to her bed. I think I finally quit dreaming six months later when we were married before a justice of the peace, no family, few friends. Our life settled down, but never became dull. With Amy, you never knew what was coming next.

A year passed before Amy brought up the subject of a vacation. With both of our folks passed away, there was little family to go meet. But Amy had made close friends during her college days. She was six years older than I, and had learned the value of not letting go of people that you love. So she planned the trip, burning up the long distance lines, planning the first vacation of our marriage.We drove up to Betsy and Greg's house, and it took us all day on the road to do it. Amy had stayed with them the last few years of school, becoming really close to them.

They met us at the door in their bathrobes, not unusual given the late hour, then pointed us to a small bedroom on the second floor, and asked us to keep it quiet because Ellen was studying for an exam. Amy would have none of that, attacking me like a lioness, her mane streaming in the hot humid air in the beginning of fall. The bed squeaked like it was being raped, and I finally convinced Amy to throw the mattress on the floor, where she screwed me and blew me into unconsciousness. Our sex life was simple, straight sex, the occasional blow job, the tentative eating of pussy. I'd had only three lovers before Amy, and nothing but straight missionary sex before I bent her over her balcony rail that first night. Amy was great, but I was not. Her passion for me made up for my pathetic performances.

The next morning, I woke up, found the bathroom to shower and shave, stumbled downstairs to find some breakfast. Betsy was there, in a flimsy nightgown that showed off her slim frame and pointed tits. Her dark thatch of pussy fur was clearly visible. I really hadn't registered her age last night, but she had to be about forty. A model pretty blonde (who I later found out was Ellen) in a black baby-doll negligee sat down next to her. Betsy moved to kiss her, fully on the lips as she slid her left hand to caress Ellen's full, round breasts. After a few moments, they settled

down to breakfast, and I made my entrance.

"Good Morning, Betsy." I said warmly.

"Good Morning, Doug! Doug, this is Ellen. She's our Co-ed this year. Her body reminds me of Amy's, don't you think?" Betsy teased, waving Ellen up to turn around. She did have a similar build, but she wasn't a real blonde. I noticed that both of their nipples were stiff, and the welcoming scent of hot pussy mixed with the smell of waffles and syrup in the most delicious way. I was just getting ready to say what I had in mind.

Amy appeared and said "Ellen doesn't compare to me, and she doesn't compare to you, Betsy. After all, Betsy, you were the one who taught me that each woman is an individual, an experience in her own right, unique in the Universe." Amy also wore a black baby doll, and Betsy greeted her the same way she had Ellen. Ellen didn't seem the least bit jealous, but she and Betsy were unhappy with me!

"Doug, your manners are horrible." Betsy pouted as she pulled off my wife.

Amy chimed in "Yes, Doug, how impolite of you. You didn't kiss them Good Morning? Please make up for that immediately!"

"Yes, Doug. We deserve a good, long, wet one!" Ellen added lustily.

I kissed Betsy. Her small, agile mouth fluttered over mine, teasing me. Her hand grabbed mine firmly, forcing my hand to cover her breast, where her stiff nipple drilled into my palm. I got really turned on, then the kiss seemed to fade, as Betsy swatted me on the ass playfully and pushed me over toward Ellen. I kissed Ellen. Her lush, full lips swallowed my mouth with their softness, her tongue seemed to melt like butter into my mouth. Her full breast was just as soft, like a pillow, nowhere near as firm as Amy's. Her stiff nipple moved around like a puck on a hockey rink, like there was almost no support for it. Ellen moaned as I kissed her, and neither Betsy or Amy intervened in our long, deep, wet kiss that lasted for several minutes. I played with her nipple, rolling it between my thumb and forefinger, making Ellen gasp. She finally broke off our kiss, running upstairs, making me wonder if I'd done something wrong.Amy grabbed my belt, yanking me down in the chair, and plastering her mouth on mine. I grabbed her and pulled her atop me, cupping her full breasts with both of my hands, my tongue frantic in her mouth. I realized things about my wife I'd never noticed before. Her mouth wasn't as soft as Ellen's, or as firm as Betsy's. Her firm globes dwarfed Betsy's tiny tits and would outlast Ellen's in the war against gravity. I was shocked when Betsy pulled her off of me!

"No preferential treatment in this house! Kiss me the same way!" Betsy demanded, as she drilled her pointed breasts into my chest, kissing me deeply, running her hands through my hair, making me hotter but bringing me back under control at the same time. As she pulled off of me, Betsy reminded me "Just because she is your wife, don't take liberties! Whatever pleasure you give in this house, you must share. Speaking of which, I better go check on Ellen." She bounded up the stairs two at a time, and I found Amy was busy with breakfast, pouring waffles and coffee.

I guess it took the coffee to clear the fog in my brain. Amy had lived here for several years. It was obvious she had been the Co-ed for Betsy and Greg. The thought of Betsy greeting her each morning like she had greeted Ellen this morning started all kinds of lewd thoughts in my brain. I didn't bring it up, and Amy didn't either, so we went through the day that way. We went to the college, saw her favorite professors, checked in on the computers, made contacts for recruiting for the company later, and generally had a great time.

We went home and had a quiet dinner. Ellen wouldn't look at me until dessert. When she did, I was sure she thought I was for dessert. Ellen cleared the table and Greg escorted Amy out into the living room. Betsy took me. Greg and Amy started tickling each other, then Ellen snuck up and started in on me. Betsy helped her, and they made quick work of subduing me. Amy was atop Greg as they tormented each other's bodies while Betsy and Ellen made me shiver with their light caresses. Greg reached up under Amy's dress to pull off her panties, and then Ellen smothered me in a kiss while Betsy ripped off my pants and underwear. Given access to my cock, she took her agile mouth and quickly sucked me hard. Amy and Greg were kissing deeply as he stripped her of her dress and bra. Ellen added her soft mouth to sucking me, so Betsy pulled off her clothes, then pulled off her own. Betsy spread her dark muff above my face with her fingers, saying "OK, Doug, it's time to finish the cream of wheat you made at breakfast!"

Greg wasted no time impaling my wife on his cock. Amy bucked on him as they kissed, and I could tell they had been lovers. He knew exactly how to touch her, knew every single place on her body that gave her pleasure, and he used them all to drive her to madness. Ellen had impaled her soft pussy on my throbbing rod, thrusting her hips, rubbing the soft lips of her pussy back and forth on my groin as she moved herself up and down the length of my shaft. I lost my timidity about eating pussy, Betsy's sweet taste filling my mouth as I licked along her dark slit, doing the best I could to make her little love nub happy. Greg and Amy had switched to doggy style to watch us, Ellen riding above me with her soft body, taking my boner deep inside her with every thrust of her hips, Betsy riding my tongue with her wet pussy, kissing Ellen as she rubbed Ellen's soft boobs. 

They spasmed and moaned above me as I neared my climax, then I heard Greg grunting and thrusting as he came in Amy. I came, thrusting deeply into Ellen, my moans and cries completely absorbed by Betsy's dark muff. Greg lifted Amy up and carried her up the stairs in his arms. Betsy and Ellen dragged me up to our room. Somehow the three of us all fit on that small double bed. We made that bed scream for hours as we made love. Betsy told me later it was my punishment for leaving her and Ellen so turned on that morning. They had consoled themselves with each other and their toys, plotting and scheming for that night. When I thought I could no longer perform, I sat in the chair and watched them make love to each other. I found I could perform again. Several times.

That next morning, I got up early enough to meet everyone at the breakfast table. Greg greeted all the women, then I greeted each of them, then they greeted each other. The women went shopping while Greg and I went to a baseball game. On the way home, Greg pulled up to a titty bar. We spent the next several hours having lap dance after lap dance of the finest women the establishment had to offer. I was a little drunk when we left, I'm not sure about Greg. We got home to find the whole house dark. We could hear moaning upstairs. Greg said "As I expected."

Amy's face was muff deep in Betsy, Betsy's mouth was servicing Ellen's soft pussy, and Ellen was obviously driving Amy wild, licking into my wife's cunt, splitting her open like the jaws of life were prying her legs apart. They were each cumming so much I thought they'd blow a gasket or something. Greg laid down behind Amy after he stripped his clothes off, stroked himself hard, and plunged his cock into her pussy. She shuddered, but didn't react in any other way. Greg motioned me to come join them. I stripped, stroked myself hard (which was not too difficult, watching Amy eat Betsy's dark gash, her pussy gushing like she'd struck oil!) and plowed into Ellen's soft, slick channel. I came quickly, and found that Greg was already stroking his cock by the side of the bed. I took the other side, watching their tongues slide through each other's slick snatches, quivering with excitement and orgasms. 

When I could stand it no more, I filled Betsy's small slit as she pulsed around me, while Greg stroked his shaft into Ellen's cum-slicked hole. We lasted for a long time that way, delirious with lust, until we grunted, driving ours cocks as deeply as we could into their pussies to drive out their lesbian lust. We failed, and the women remained in their carnal embrace, quivering with climax after climax. Greg and I rested, watching them lick each other's cunt's, bringing every hidden passion to the surface, sharing the secrets of womanhood we could perhaps never comprehend. I looked at my wife's cum soaked quim, glistening with her oils as Ellen's soft mouth and slick tongue shared the most intimate of kisses. 

My cock again rose to hardness, and I filled my loving wife with my shaft, drilling her with my tool. I'd never felt her pulsing around me in orgasmic frenzy before. Every stroke brought thrusts of her hips, the clenching of her muscles, the very walls of her pussy spasming in climax. I thrust inside her with everything I had left, giving her the best fucking to date of our entire marriage. I climaxed, saw stars, and passed out. 

When I woke up, it was the next morning, and I was all alone. I showered, shaved, and padded down the stairs. I properly greeted all the ladies at the breakfast table, but there was a tinge of sadness to each of their kisses. During the breakfast banter I found out we had to hit the road right after breakfast, in order to make it to the next town on our itinerary. Ellen had to go back to school tomorrow, Betsy back to work, and Amy had other plans for us. I didn't tell her that I wouldn't have minded staying the full two weeks until we were already a hundred miles on down the road, their soft kisses and passionate goodbyes lingering in my mind. Greg had said his goodbye before he left for work. I didn't ask Amy what they did to say goodbye. I'm not sure I would have been able to handle it at that point. My mind was still reeling from what we had done and what my wife had shared with me.

When we got to Gus and Carol's, it was already dark. Gus took our bags in by himself, your standard stocky biker with long hair and a beard. Carol was his petite wife, maybe 5"2", 105 Ibs. soaking wet. Her hair was blonde, brunette, and redhead, or at least stripes of each. She had the biggest tits I'd ever seen on a woman that small, maybe 34D cups, which exploded out of her tight leather bikini. They swept us inside quickly, poured a couple of beers down our throats, changed our clothes into the biker style clothes they scrounged up for us: Amy in a halter top and denim skirt, a tee shirt and leather vest atop baggy blue jeans and cowboy boots for me. We laughed and giggled the whole time. I swear Gus could have made millions as a stand-up comedian, and Carol was the perfect straight man for him. 

I hardly noticed the time pass until I slowly became aware that I was driving her bike down the road, with Carol's soft tits pressed into my back as she hugged me tight. We followed Gus and Amy to a small bar outside of town, parked in the "Motorcycles Only" parking lot on the side of the building, and went in the back door. 

Gus pulled me aside and said "You're Carol's bouncer tonight. Anybody gets too fresh with her, you take him outside. I'll take care of Amy." Gus took me to where two waist high boxes had been built in the floor, the floor inside parquet 

wood tile, with a chrome pipe that went up to the ceiling. Every three songs two new dancers would come out. The second set of songs, it was Carol and Amy.

Just like the others before them, they stripped during the first song. The second and third songs they alternated between doing obscene things to the chrome pole, and collecting money from the men in the crowd. 

I saw that Carol had shaved her snatch, except for a small red heart shaped patch above her slit. Nobody got out of line, a glare from either Gus or myself being enough to make them take a step back from the side of the box, until one drunk guy tried to shove his money right into Carol's tight little hole! I pulled the guy up by the collar and had him outside so fast it even made my head spin. "Now what?" I thought to myself. I let him go, and he just rolled over and over, like he was practicing tumbling in a gym. Carol made money hand over fist after that, but they were real polite. Amy obviously loved all the attention from the crowd, letting them cop a feel as they stuffed the money in her garter belt.

After three sets by Carol and Amy, it was time to go. Carol slid on the bike behind me, slid her hand right into my baggy pants, and said softly "You really know how to take care of a woman. I'd really like to thank you properly. But you better hurry. Gus is already on the road." I tore out of the parking lot, pulled a wheelie into second, and still was losing ground to Gus. Amy had pulled off her top, and was waving it like a flag for us to catch up. Carol pulled off hers, pulled up the back of my shirt, and pressed her tits right into my back. She unzipped my pants, pulled my cock out as she whispered in my ear about how much she wanted to suck my cock, which basically was yelling to be heard over the roar of the bike. I don't know about you, but having a pretty woman stroke my cock while yelling in my ear hows she's going to deep throat me until I cum in her mouth will always make my dick hard. So Carol stroked my stiff rod as we tried to catch them, but Gus and Amy disappeared down the tangled back roads. Carol made me pull over, and she got off to take a leak in the bushes. When she came back, she spread herself on the bike, tits pressed into the gas tank, her tiny ass in the air.

"Want to fuck me Doug? Been thinking about how good your cock would feel in my tight little cunt? Fuck me now on the bike! Or have you been thinking about sinking your cock balls deep in my ass? There is a jar of lube in the saddle bag. Do me Doug! Fuck me now!"I filled Carol's impossibly tight cooze with my raging hardon. She would gun the bike, driving her clit crazy, as I fucked into her. Her pussy was so tight it was like thick rubber bands milking the cum out of my cock. I came in her as we shouted at the top of our lungs over the roar of the engine. I kept right on fucking her, not even going soft. Carol kept milking the climaxes out of us. 

When I finally did go soft, Carol spun around and gave me a blow job like none I've ever had in my life, just like she'd promised. She stroked my shaft, she licked me everywhere, even the cum and lube dripping off my balls. She sucked me all the way down her throat, tugging on my balls as she pulled back to nurse on the tip of my prick. I was hard again, but she would not quit. Sex had no speed except full throttle for Carol. I spun her around and drove my manhood into her, gunning the throttle and taking her for a ride to the stars. When I came again, she thrashed against the bike and passed out. I got her top back on, dressed myself, and kissed her awake. Carol hugged her tight little body so close to me on the ride home I thought she would have to be removed with a torque wrench from my back.
