 My sincere thanks to Jus8tine for her edits and comments on my story. Her comments were excellent and 'spot on', and I hope my responses to them improved the readability of this story as well as your enjoyment. As always, your comments and votes are appreciated. This story is a fictional one about a real situation that my friends and lovers will hopefully enjoy as much as you do. Namasté.

*

Kim and I met about nine months earlier. We'd no sooner fallen in love than we spent the first six of those nine months apart wishing we hadn't broken up with each other. Then thanks to Kim's stepsister June we reconnected and fell even deeper in love than I thought you could ever be.

The two of us had met when we both flew our planes into Orlando to attend an energy futures conference in November several years ago. We'd had a whirlwind romance and fell deeply in love over five days and then separated, each nursing our own false insecurities that had little to do with the other person. June had finally intervened and literally pulled us together so that our love for each other could flourish and we could set those doubts of self worth in the other person's eyes aside.

Kim heads a large and rapidly growing fossil fuel alternatives energy company called TSI based in Research Triangle Park near Chapel Hill, NC that is doing unbelievably well. We expect she'll have an IPO in about two months to take part of the company public. Kim is not only smart, having both an engineering degree and an MBA, but also beautiful. She is a striking thirty-four year old brunette about five foot five, with a sleek figure and a bust line that catches the eye. She is a sharp and stylish dresser, always wearing something just right for the occasion. Her flawless facial features remind you more of a model than of a business savvy CEO.

I'm the significant other in her life. I'm fifty-four years old and still amazed that a chunk like me could attract such a beauty as Kim. I have been a successful management consultant all my career; Kim says, "I've arrived" because I've done pretty well in earning throughout my life and also in accumulating possessions and "toys" such as my airplane. I had been married for over twenty-five years. However, my wife Mindy died about four years ago and until I met Kim I'd been a solo act. Mindy and I had two daughters who are both happily married and have birthed my three grandchildren. Recently I've been living with Kim near Chapel Hill. However, I have homes in Florida and Maine and a condo at the Watergate in DC. 

Kim and I both fly and, as I said, we met through a chance encounter in the general aviation terminal at Orlando International. We've been flying more and more for business and if the IPO goes well I could even see us buying a corporate jet through Kim's company sometime next year. We are both multi-engine commercial instrument rated pilots. Kim owns a Mooney and I have the largest single-engine Cessna you can get with retractable landing gear. Flying is an important part of our lives.

June Caldwell is Kim's stepsister. She's a technology project manager for Alperion, a company in Camp Forge, Pennsylvania. She's two years older than Kim, married to a nice guy named Jim, and also smart and pretty. Her claim to fame is that she lives in a Circle of Love -- a very unique living arrangement with her husband, another couple and Jan Bennett. They share two houses next door to one another in a nice neighborhood in Camp Forge and also share everything else -- and I mean everything. I've gotten hard-ons just thinking about the sexual combinations the five of them can create.

June's Circle of Love as well as Kim and I share a unique philosophy about life, love and relationships. We all arrived in our thinking independently of each other. The base is unselfish and unconditional love for those you meet and interact with; tossing out rules and social norms that limit your relationships and personal and spiritual growth even in subtle ways; and acceptance of the responsibility for your own happiness independently of others. I could go on for hours on the implications of these subjects; as I see it there is no downside other than some members of society will think you're nuts.

When June took the initiative to reunite Kim and me four months ago in May it was an unusual reunion. First, both Kim and I had been morose about our parting but just hadn't found a way to regain enough faith in ourselves to get together. Second, in getting us together June ended up joining us in our lovemaking and celebration of reunion. The three of us made passionate love with each other over what we sometimes call the "Make-Up Weekend" and there was the promise of more to come.

I'd ended that weekend flying June from Chapel Hill back to Camp Forge so she could get home and go to work. In the process I met a sexy gal named Jan that was part of June's Circle. Both women had invited Kim and me to come and visit with them as soon as we could. I thought I'd write down for posterity a description of my first visit over the July fourth weekend. 

###

Kim and I were practically inseparable after the Make-Up Weekend. I had to occasionally fly to Washington, Denver, Little Rock or Houston where I had some clients, but some of those trips were only for the day and I was often home with Kim in the evenings. I had spent a lot of time assessing TSI, Kim's company, and making some recommendations on how to reposition the business in the international marketplace. I was helping Kim and her staff implement those recommendations. At Kim's insistence I was charging the company my standard billing rate of $1,000 per hour.

After we got some of the business actions rolling in the right direction, Kim suggested that we take a long fourth of July weekend and go "hang out" with June and her friends. I wasn't about to let Kim out of my sight and so I readily agreed. The dates were set and Friday afternoon we flew from Chapel Hill up to Camp Forge; traffic was terrible on the ground but the air traffic corridors were almost empty.

June picked us up at the airport wearing designer flats, cutoffs and a see-through blouse with no bra. My God she looked sexy. I'd not remembered her legs being that long either; they reached from the ground all the way up to ... well, you know. The cutoffs accentuated her nicely shaped butt, too. I think I kept staring until Kim politely shoved an elbow in my side and said, "Tuck your tongue in fella!"

June greeted us with full body contact kisses with lots of tongue. "Oh, I've missed you guys so much. I can't wait until we can all make love again." She hugged and kissed us both. I wondered how I'd hide the bulge in my pants that had suddenly appeared.  

We retrieved our luggage from my plane and June drove us about five miles to the nice neighborhood where her home was. She explained that Jan had owned the house next door for about ten years before the Circle had started. Bob and Trish, the other couple in the Circle, had eventually bought into the house with Jan. She and Jim had done a lot of sleepovers to be with the three of them. One day the house next door appeared on the real estate market; they'd jumped at the opportunity and bought it. So now the five of them all live together in the two houses. She explained that we would stay in her house over the weekend but that sleeping arrangements were very fluid and it was not at all unusual for everyone to end up at one house or the other for the night. I tried to visualize what seven people in one bed would be like but it was beyond me.

We pulled into June's driveway and the door burst open and Jan came out to greet us. She was wearing shorts and a tight camisole that did little to disclose the excitement she was feeling. She was taller than I remembered. I received another full-body contact hug including a pelvic press and a French kiss; my bulge returned. Kim got the same treatment; she was smiling and not put off by the contact.

Jan is a tall, lithe, willowy woman in her early forties with sandy blond hair. She has a shapely figure for her age with generous breasts that were spilling over and through the cami she was wearing. I was having trouble concentrating. June had told me she was a chic dresser and headed a major operating division at Alperion with about 250 people reporting to her.

Jim came out next with a big smile on his face and a warm greeting. He gave us each a big hug too, grabbed our bags and led the way inside. 

He said over his shoulder to me, "Trish had to work in Boston today so she won't be here until about seven-thirty or eight. She's looking forward to meeting you. Bob, too. He's out running errands and should be back any minute." I was reminded that Kim had met everyone several times when she had visited her stepsister.

Jim led the way up a staircase to the second floor and into a large bedroom that had a king-size bed and was tastefully decorated. "We'll put you in here," he said with a smile, "you can decide where you want to sleep later or you might even end up with company in here. We're going to cookout so you might want to put on shorts and something more casual." 

He left and we took the hint and changed. Kim, I noticed, shed her bra and put on a revealing camisole with her shorts too. My tongue was hard. 

I pulled Kim to me before we went downstairs gently rubbing her breasts through her sexy camisole, "Are you OK with the idea of making love with the others in the Circle? Do you want to set limits?" 

She kissed me deeply and said, "Yes and no. I know that both of us will like the experiences we have with the others. I don't feel the need for limits unless you do. I like Jim and when I met Bob a long time ago, he was really nice, too. Back then I didn't think then I'd be hopping into bed with the two of them, but this is different. This is an expression of the love I feel for you, June and them all wrapped into one weekend. Are you OK with this?"

"I'm more than fine," I said. "When my wife and I had others join our relationship years ago I was much more nervous than I am now. I didn't know what to expect and now I do. I want to do whatever I can to bring you happiness and growth. Believe me, you'll find a threesome or moresome a growth trip on many levels. We'll be talking about it long afterwards as you think about this weekend." 

I went on, "You know I love you and will continue to love you forever; think of that as your starting point. You'll now have other lovers and their love will add to the love I give you. You'll give them love as well. Think of this as a multiplication process and take warm and wonderful comfort in it." I hugged her; we kissed again and walked downstairs.

I helped Jim set up the back yard with lawn chairs and some light tables. I'd just finished that task when the back door opened and a tall handsome man about forty appeared. "You must be Ron," he said as he smiled and extended his hand and gave me a warm handshake. "I'm Bob Knight, but you probably already figured that out. I'm so glad you and Kim were able to join us this weekend." 

He paused then added, "Hey, I just got back with some beer and wine, what can I get you? You too Kim," he said turning to her as she appeared around the corner of the house. She came and gave him what I'd come to understand was the standard male-female Circle greeting of a full, knee to shoulder contact, hug and kiss. I was pleased at my response watching her take pleasure in the act.

They held each other at arm's length. Kim said, "I'd like a wine cooler and another kiss." Bob kissed her, took my order for the same drink, and went back inside. Jim came out with a beer in hand followed by Jan who had a large platter of cheese and crackers. June followed with a bowls of chips and dip. We all sat around one of the tables in lawn chairs, snacked and started to plan the weekend.

Bob said, "We hope it's OK with you guys. We've planned on going into downtown Philly tomorrow to watch the holiday fireworks along the Delaware River. I've made arrangements for a limo and we're going to have dinner on the Moshulu, an old tall ship that's moored along the waterfront. It's a great restaurant and the fireworks will be great from there."

We talked about airplanes, flying, TSI's prospects, the houses and the possibility of connecting them to make a larger house for the five of them, books we'd been reading, and more. At seven-thirty we heard the unmistakable sounds of a sports car pulling up to the house. Bob said to me, "Come and meet Trish." We walked around the house; Trish was just getting out of a red Porsche Boxster.

"Honey," Bob said in a welcoming voice, and the two of them passionately hugged and kissed. "I've missed you," he said. 

They pulled apart and Bob grabbed my hand and pulled me closer; "Hon, this is Ron."

Trish took my hands and looked me deep in the eyes; "I'm so glad to finally meet you. Your reputation precedes you I'm afraid," she laughed. Then she pulled me to her and gave me a meaningful first kiss. I thought I responded well to the situation.

Trish was a beautiful dark haired woman in her late thirties. Like Jan she was thin with long legs. She was about five foot two and slightly busty. She was wearing big sunglasses atop her head, had her hair pulled back in a ponytail, and was sedately dressed in spike heels, slacks and a blouse.

Bob reached in and pulled a computer bag and overnight case from the passenger seat in the Porsche and led us inside Jan's house. The home was a hodge-podge of furniture, clearly the merging of two households. Some unopened moving boxes were still piled in corners of the living room and dining room. He set Trish's bags down and gave her another hug and kiss. Trish said, "Let me change; I've been civilized long enough." She gave us both smiles and pranced upstairs with her small suitcase.

Bob and I went out into the backyard again and started the grill. Other neighbors must have been cooking out, too, for the smell of barbeque was in the air. We shuttled some dishes in and out of June's kitchen including a large dish of marinating chicken breasts and small steaks. Bob popped them on the grill and soon we contributed our own aromas to the neighborhood.

Trish came out dressed in shorts and a short sleeve men's shirt with the tails tied under her breasts. It was revealing and showed that all her bumps and curves were in the right places. She went over and gave Jim a deep sensual kiss; he was quite happy with the hello. Trish repeated the process with Jan and June who kissed right back with a sense of passion. Trish then eyed Kim who had been watching the process. She asked, "May I say hello to you as well?" Kim stood and the two women merged in a hot embrace and kiss. The rest of us watched and then applauded. Kim blushed, but laughed, as they broke apart.

Bob said to Kim and me, "As you can see we have a strong physical attraction to each other. If you feel ill at ease with our public displays of affection please let us know."

I responded for the two of us, "No. No problem. I find it refreshing. I've always thought there isn't enough love demonstrated in the world." Kim nodded in agreement.

I was sitting on a bench at the picnic table. Trish came and sat with me putting her arm around me and kissed my cheek. The move gave me a warm feeling of being loved. I turned and we kissed more deeply and tenderly. Bob didn't seem to mind in the least; he seemed much more concerned with turning the steaks on the grill. Trish snuggled into me and I put my arm around her.

Several more trips to the kitchen were made by Jim and June and more beer and wine materialized. Soon the table was set, a great picnic spread was laid out, everything came off the grill, and we all sat to eat. 

I was about to dive in when Jim said, "We've a tradition of sorts that I'd like to do tonight." He turned to me and then to Kim, "This isn't a prayer although it could be. It isn't a grace either, although it could be. We go around the table and talk about how we're feeling or our wishes or our thoughts for just a brief moment. Everyone gets a turn and has to speak." He paused and said, "I'm going to ask June to start." He nodded to his wife. 

June had us all to join hands. "This is today's Circle. You're the six most important people in the world to me. I want you to know I love you dearly. I also want you to know that I want to make love with my sister and Ron tonight, but anyone can join us." She smiled broadly at everyone then nodded to Jan who sat next to her.

Jan paused in thought then began, "Well, I want to join you. I'm feeling loved by all of you and I always need more. I feel at one with the Universe when I am with you all."

Bob picked up his cue to talk, "When we started thinking about a Circle several years ago I never envisioned it could be this good or would last this long. I find pleasure and great happiness that we all live and share together as freethinking individuals who have opted to spend part of our lives with each other. I want to say to each of you 'thank you for being here'."

Trish sat across the table from Bob; she started, "I just returned from the outside world to my refuge, this Circle. I want to tell you it's brutal out there. I have to stop myself constantly from responding with my old way of thinking. I wish the world loved one another as we love each other. When I am away I can't wait to get back to the caring and loving that we all have for each other. Believe me, this is where we all want to be."

Jim dropped his hands from the circle of hands, leaned in and kissed Trish on the cheek then turned to his other side and kissed Kim's cheek; he reached across the table and shook the hands of Bob, Jan, June and me making strong eye contact with each of us while he held a pleased look on his face. "I love each of you. I am glad we have two new people to share our Circle today and I hope tonight. Your happiness is my happiness, and I feel a lot of it here right now." He turned to Kim and motioned for her to start. We all joined hands again.

Kim said, "I know I met all of you a couple of times before this weekend when I popped in for short visits with June. I have to admit it hasn't been until this visit and some of the conversations I've had with June leading up to this trip that I really understood the Circle and how you feel about and love each other. I admit I initially focused on the visible part of what you do together, the sex and sharing with each other. Now, however, I'm coming to appreciate the invisible -- the loving and caring, supporting and growing that you are doing with and for each other." She smiled at everyone and blushed; "And," she added, "you are all welcome in my bed any time we're here." She gave a big grin. She visibly squeezed my hand as we continued to hold hands in the Circle. 

I hesitated and then started, 'Well, I second Kim's invitation. From what I feel it's apt to get crowded in our bed tonight but you're all invited." Everyone laughed. I paused then changed direction; "I want to thank the Universe for so many things in my life. I want to say 'thank you' for Kim and for helping us find each other's love, even with a little help from June. I'm thankful for June and her love, and now especially I feel as though the Universe has blessed me four times over that to be here with the rest of you and to see and feel your love." I actually had a tear in my eye.

I stopped holding hands and picked up my wine glass and raised it in a toast, "To the Circle!" I said. The others followed with a chorus of "To the Circle." We all hugged and kissed.

Jim said, "Let's eat!" We all dug into the sumptuous meal laid before us. The din from our conversations must have sounded like a large block party elsewhere in the neighborhood. Finally, we slowed and then stopped eating. There was a rapid and highly cooperative clean-up campaign by the seven of us; in only minutes the entire dinner was properly cleaned up and leftovers stowed away. We all returned to the backyard with another glass of beer or wine. 
