 1st Meeting

I'm a single, 55 year old bachelor and work for an electrical service company. I'm "on call" 24-hours a day, 360 days a year (It's been my habit to taking three days off for my birthday, Thanksgiving, Christmas). With a schedule, or lack thereof, like mine, it's darn near impossible to make plans to do anything. But this year I made a promise to myself to get fit, to start working out on a regular basis. Tonight's my first Arabic's class and I'm late.

Friday's are always bad and today was no exception. Call's all morning and a panel change in the afternoon. Things never go as planed and everything takes longer than expected. I finished the service change and got off the job at 8:20 p.m. My aerobics class starts 9:00 p.m. and I have just enough time to get there and change, good thing I put my bag in the truck this morning.

I get out of downtown Sacramento and get on I-80 heading East. Traffic is very heavy, but moving along at a good clip and I think I'll get to the gym on time. I notice a car coming up fast on the outside of me and the headlights are real dim. As the car passes me, I notice the driver is a good looking gal in sweats and looking for a hole in traffic to get to the shoulder. I know that she's not going very far with no juice and give her room to cut in.

A hundred feet in front of me, all the lights on the car go out and she's loosing power. I kick on my four-way flashers and overhead amber light bar, get on the PA system and tell her to pull to the right shoulder as far as possible. I make a traffic break for her and follow her off the Interstate on to the shoulder. She stops her car on the wide shoulder and I pull in behind her. I get out to see what I can do and to make sure we will not get hit by oncoming traffic.

As I approached the car, the driver got out and nearly knocked me off my feet. She stood about 5' 4" and her hair was raven black, cut in a short pixie. The white sweat suit she wore did nothing to hide her curves. Her proud breasts stood high on her chest like twin peaks, and her waist was tiny. Her hips and taut ass were set on top of the longest, trimmest legs I have ever seen. This gal, in her mid-20's was a walking, talking wet dream.

"Sorry if I scared you, but I had to get you out of that traffic before some nut hit you." I said

"Oh, yes, no. Oh . . Why me? Oh Oh " she replied, her whole body shaking.

I grabbed her by the shoulders and told her "Relax, you're not hurt and everything else can be handled. Take a couple of deep breaths and relax!" She looked me square in the eyes and took several deep breaths. Her whole body was trembling so I held her shoulders tightly and keep telling to calm down and relax. It took a minute or so, but she finally stooped shaking.

"Are you O.K. now?"

"Oh Yes!" She says in a sweet, calm voice. "Nobody but you would let me get over, I've been trying for miles. What jerks!" I let go of her and steep back and she is still looking deep into my eyes. Her eyes are the darkest things I've seen, very dark blue or brown, more like black and they sparkle. I pull back a little more and look at her face. Well-tanned, thick eyebrows that almost meet above her cute little nose. Her lips are very full and moist, just begging to be kissed. Her whole face is flushed.

I look at her kind of sideways and say "God you're cute when you're mad!"

She broke up laughing, leaned back against the car, reaches out and held on to my arm. "Why did you say that?" Still laughing.

"Well, I had to do something to cool you off! Your blood pressure was going through the roof. I wish I had a mirror with me and you could look at yourself" Then I started laughing.

"Your the first man that ever wanted to cool me off!"

My face must have flushed, because she broke up laughing again and I joined her.

"What happened to the car?" I asked.

"This loner has been nothing but a pain since I got it. All the lights went out and the engine died. I was hoping to make it at least to class. Now I'm going to be late." She said.

"I've got a class myself at the 24 hour gym that I'm late for too."

She broke into a wide grin and said, "That's where I'm going, and can you give me a ride?"

"Sure" I said. "Lock your car and I'll leave a note for the Highway Patrol."

She got her stuff out of the car and locked it up while I wrote a note, then we both hoped in the truck and headed for the gym. On the way we made plans to met after our classes and I'd take her back to her car and see if I could get it going, if she couldn't get help from the garage.

We ran into the gym with 2 minutes to spare and went our separate ways. I got a locked and changed into my shorts, T-shirt, and tennies. I ran into the assigned aerobics area and waited for the instructor. It then dawned on me that I didn't even get her name.

Most of the class were very fit young men and it sure didn't look like they needed to be there. All of them were trying to get close to the platform and I was very happy to get in the back row.

Then she walked in! She had gotten rid of the sweat suite and she now wore black Spandex tights with a hot pink aerobic suit, thong cut, over them. The suit had a cutout in front that went from the bottom of her tits to the waist. The back was cut out from the waist to above the shoulders, leaving a small piece of material between her firm buns and another across her shoulder. This thing was stretched to the max. and her pert nipples showed through. "My name is Lynda and I'll be your instructor tonight. I want all the beginners at the back and the more advanced up front." She then went down the rows getting all the student's names. When she stepped in front of me I said, "Hi Linda, my name is Dave" and gave her a big smile. She gave me a big smile, steeped forward and shook my hand. "Hi Dave. It's a pleasure to finely meet you." She then stepped back and looked me over again. I'm 6'2", 195# with brown eyes and brown hair with some gray on the side and clean-shaven. She gave me an approving look and went to the front of the class.

"We don't want to have anybody hurt themselves tonight, so if you feel that I'm going too fast or too hard, step out and relax, then rejoin when you feel up to it. I want all eyes on me (as if she had to tell anybody) and if I point to you, I want you to slow down. Any questions? If not we'll begin with stretching." She got up on the platform, turned with her back to us, spread her legs and bent over. The whole class just stood there with their mouths open. "Don't look-do it!" We all bent over and did our stretching and limbered up. The front three rows were breaking their necks trying to watch and look at the same time. Lynda then put on some music and her portable microphone. For the next 45 minutes, Lynda would have made a Marine Corp. Drill Instructor proud. She worked us to a frazzle, but several times she pointed me out and then proceeded to pick up the pace. When she would slow down, she'd bring me back in. I was still glad when the time was up.

I went to the locker room, looking forward to a long, hot shower, when the roof fell in. There was a note poster in the locker room saying that due to remodeling, there would be no water that night. I'd worked up a good sweat during class and felt miserable. I changed into my work cloths and went to find Lynda.

The lobby was full of irate people and the staff was doing their best to apologize for the lack of water. I found a bottle water dispenser and fought my way through the crowd to get some. I was on my third glass when someone whispered in my ear. "Don't drink too much of that or you'll cramp." I turned and starred into those black pools Lynda calls eyes. She had her sweat pants on and the top was tied loosely around her neck. She slipped her arm under mine, pulling my upper arm into her breast, leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Ready to go 'Lover'?"

Most of the class overheard this and all I saw were open mouths as Lynda and I walked out, arm in arm.

We made it to the truck before Lynda went into hysterics. "Did you see the look on the kids faces. That was priceless. They won't stop talking for a month. Thanks Dave."

"Your more than welcome Lynda."

"Hold it! It's Lynda in class, but Lynn to my friends . . . . . and lovers."

"Now that's ah . . . Ah . . nice!"

Lynn and I threw our gym bags in the back of my truck and I opened the passenger door and gave Lynn my hand to help her in. "AHHHH a gentlemen too!" "Every chance I get," I said.

We drove to her car and found a CHP sticker by the note giving us 24 hours to remove the car, or it will be towed. Lynn and I laughed about this and I checked the car out. The battery posts were corroded and the battery was dead. I fixed the problems and got my jumper cables out to charge the battery. This was going to take a while, so Lynn and I sat in the truck with the heater running.

We talked freely and found out about each other. We were both divorced and liked a lot of the same things. I thought Lynn was flirting with me, but in the dim light it was hard to tell. Lynn still had not put her sweat suit top on, even though it was chilly outside. I did enjoy the view.

Things got quite for a while and then Lynn said to turn on the inside light. I turned on the brightest overhead light I had and Lynn was staring at me.

"Do you like what you see?' Lynn asked as she untied the sweat top and letting it fall over the seat back. She sat up and leaned into the light, giving me a wonderful view of her upper body.

"God YES!" I said. "Why do you have to ask?"

"Did I embarrass you at the gym?"

"Not at all. You made me the proudest man in the place."

"Then why does everybody I get close to want to dress me in baggy cloths, hiding my body and keep me home."

"Because they are immature, insecure kids. They figure that if they keep you covered up and out of sight, nobody can take you away from them. They haven't figured it out that they are driving you away from them. What's the old saying - "You hold the one you love with an OPEN hand." I'd dress you in cloths straight out of that Hollywood Lingerie Catalog if I had the chance. But this is getting real deep. Why are you asking me?"

Lynn stared at me for a long while and then said "Dave, I feel that I have known you for a long time and I feel very comfortable just being with you. I can trust you."

I was dumb struck and it took me a while to answer. "All I can say is thank you!"

Lynn leaned over the console; hug me and then a kiss on the cheek. "Your very welcome. . . . . . . . .Lover!"

We looked at each other for a while and then Lynn started to squirm. "I feel all sticky and dirty, do you?"

"I sure do. Let's see if the car is ready to go yet?" I said.

I got the car running and things looked O.K. I went back to the truck to get Lynn's things when she opened the door and asked. "Could you follow me home? I don't trust that loner as far as I can throw it."

I helped Lynn out of the truck and into her car. She said something about a gentleman and we just smiled at each other. She gave me her address and off we went. It took about 20 minutes to get to her house and it was in one of the better sections of town. When we pulled into the driveway, she had to use a keypad to open the big gates. We drove down a long driveway before coming to a rather large house. She parked in the garage and pointed for me to park under the breezeway. She came bouncing back to the truck and we got her stuff out. She then grabbed my gym bag and ran into the house. I went after her and when I caught up to her I asked her what she was doing.

"I can't let my 'Knight in Shinning Armor' go home dirty and hungry. Now you go take a shower while I do the same. Then I'll fix you dinner."

I looked at Lynn, shaking my head in wonderment.

"Follow me to your shower." She said in her best Drill Instructor voice.

I followed her down a hallway and into a bedroom. "You'll find all you need in there" pointing to the bath "and I'll put these in the washer" she said as she disappeared with my gym bag. I guess I had received my marching orders all right and a shower did sound good. I looked around the bedroom and the only furniture was a very large, four poster bed. The thing could handle about four people nicely. No other furniture besides two night stands. There was something odd about the room and then it hit me. There were no doors. None going to the hall or into the bathroom or the closet. There were no hinges in the casing, so I guess doors had never been installed. Oh well, to each his own.

I went into the bathroom and stripped. There was everything I needed, even a razor. I shaved and then hopped into the shower stall. There was a door here and it had a clear pain of glass in it. I let the hot water run all over my sore body, Lynn had sure worked me over good in class. I soaped up and was rinsing off when I heard Lynn yell that dinner was being fixed. It sounded like she was in the bathroom and when I looked out, all I saw a black robe disappearing out the doorway. I got out and dried off, then reached for my cloths, but they were gone. In their place was a black silk robe. I put the robe on and it fit nicely, coming to about mid thigh. I then went looking for Lynn.

I wondered around for a while until I heard some humming. I finally found the kitchen and Lynn. She was puttering around the kitchen and I asked if I could do anything. She pointed to the couch facing the kitchen and said, "Sit down, relax and enjoy." She had on a robe just like mine and the belt would not hold the robe together. I looked around the room and the one funny thing, besides no door, was no curtains on the windows. The whole place was decorated with nice, comfortable furniture, very open and airy. The whole house was very warm and I was beginning to perspire.

"You very sore?" Lynn asked.

"I've found a few mussels that I didn't know I had, but not bad. I feel sorry for the rest of the class that did the whole routine."

"If those young studs want to ogle my body, they have a price to pay! Besides, it keeps this 42 year old body in great shape and sure does boost my ego."

Lynn must have seen my mouth drop. She threw her shoulders back, forcing her breasts forward, and striking a sexy pose. "Didn't think I was that old, did ya?"

"Not at all. I guessed about mid twenties. Boy was I wrong." This brought a big smile to Lynn's face as she brought over dinner.

We sat on the couch, facing each other and had a light seafood salad. While we ate, Lynn's robe keep sliding open and she seemed not to notice or just took a long time pull it back in place. Her exposed deep cleavage was getting to me and I was glad to have the plate in my lap to cover-up my growing problem.

"You said in the truck that you'd dress me out of a lingerie catalog if you could. What did you mean?" Lynn asked, as she looked deep into my eyes?

"You obviously spent a lot of time and effort on your physical conditioned and it would be a crime to hide such a fine work of art. The lingerie catalog has cloths that can do your body justice. It seems to me that you take great pleasure in your body and have a right to do what you want." I was looking at her as I spoke and Lynn seemed to glow with pride as I spoke.

"I do like what my body looks like and I guess I'm a nudist and exhibitionist. It's hard to find someone that can be comfortable around me, male or female! The men want to cover me up and the gals want to claw my eyes out. Can't win for loosing" Lynn said with tears forming in her eyes.

"The guys are stupid and the gals are envious, they don't want to put in the effort. But that's their problem, not yours!" I reached forward and lifted her chin so I could look into her eyes.

Lynn's eyes were filling with tears and she smiled at me. "Thank you, Dave, you don't know how much that means." She looked at the kitchen clock and then looked at me. "It's getting kind of late, what time do you have to get up in the morning?"

Tomorrow's my birthday, 48 thank you, and I'm taking the next three days off." I said with a big grin.

Lynn's eyes light up and sparkled. "You mean to tell me that your birthday is in 15 minutes and you didn't tell me! What do you have planned for that great day?"

"Oh Not much, just kick back and enjoy my 'OLD AGE'."

We both laughed and Lynn lit-up as she gave me a big smile and said "Well, you wait here and I'll see if I can't find you something for your 'Old Age' celebration."

She took our dishes into the kitchen and put them in the sink. I sure did enjoy the view as Lynn puttered around the kitchen in her bare feet. She gave me a big smile as she blew me a kiss and disappeared down the hall.

I rearranged my robe and tried my best to cover my growing bulge.

A few minutes later I heard the click of high heel coming down the hall long before I saw Lynn. She took my breath away. She had on a stretch nylon lace teddisette in black. It was stretched so tight it seemed like it was painted on. Thin straps fell from her shoulders to the top of her firm tits, then split to a very low back and split all the way down the center. The center was held together with three small ribbons, one below her tits, one above her belly button and one mid tummy. The nylon was pulled apart between the ribbons, leaving large open teardrops of tanned flesh. From the bottom ribbon to where it disappeared between legs was no more than an inch. The thighs were cut very high, above her waist, and wrapped around her back. She had on matching stockings, fingerless gloves and 5" high, black heels that caused her long legs to stretch taunt.

Lynn stepped into the room smiling at me as she did a slow circle, giving me a slow, full view from all angles. The back was nothing more than a thin ribbon splitting her luscious buns. Her whole body was tanned, unmarred with tan lines. I sat there with my mouth open, not believing that anything could look that good.

Lynn walked over a stood in front of me, with her gloved hands on her hips, her shoulders held back and her chest out. Her body scent was intoxicating as I studied her glorious body.

Lynn smiled down at me and said, "Want to open your present lover?"

I reached for the top ribbon with trembling hands and untied it. The lace parted and pulled back, exposing her firm tits with their distended nipples. Lynn moved her right nipple to my mouth and I sucked it in. "Oh Dave, I love having my tits sucked!" I cupped her firm glob with both hands and sucked her nipple deeper into mouth, using my teeth to lightly bite her. Lynn groaned and pushed harder, then pulled away. "I've got another tit that needs attention," Lynn said as she moved her left nipple into my mouth. I sucked her delicious nipple for a few seconds before Lynn pulled away again.

She leaned back a little and let me untie the second ribbon. The lace pulled back some more and I undid the last ribbon. The lace pulled back all the way, exposing her smooth, moist, clean shaved pussy. The lace was on either side of the hairless pussy lips, causing them to pull open and exposing her hard clit.

Lynn grabbed my head with her gloved hands and pulled me to my feet. My robe fell open and lets my cock stand out. She dropped her nylon-covered hand down my chest and ran her fingers through my chest hair. She ran her hands all over my chest and then pinched my nipples with her fingers. I groaned as Lynn gave me a long, deep French kiss, running her hands under my robe and pushing it off my shoulders. She then pulled our bodies together and squirmed all over me. Her firm tits rolled all over my chest and my cock was pinned between our bodies.

Lynn broke the kiss and stepped back to look at me. She ran her hands down my chest, playing with the hair. "I love a hairy man," she said as she dropped her hands to my hairless cock. She knelt down as she wrapped one hand around my shaft and the other to cup my sack. "And I love a shaved cock even more." Lynn opened her mouth and sucked my hard shaft in, running her tongue all around my blotted cock head. She lunged forward and sucked my cock head deed into her throat and swallowed. She pinched the base of my cock to prevent me from loosing it as her head bobbed up and down.
