 "So, I found this," Kristy said. She showed me a flyer that looked like it had been outside all winter.

I squinted at it, trying to make sense of the faded text and grainy photos. "What is it?"

"The thing I was telling you about. The casting call. I couldn't find it online, but the flyer was still there on the dorm bulletin board. If you're still looking for a summer job, I mean."

"Yeah, for sure." I took the flyer from her and looked more closely. "Looking for young women 18-21..." Then something I couldn't read. "...reality show." The email address was clear. "A reality show?" I asked her. "I dunno."

"Could be fun. You can at least ask for more information. Look at the bottom, pays $1000 per episode, and a grand prize of $25,000. That would cover next semester's tuition!" Kristy grinned. 

"So why don't you do it?" I asked. A reality show didn't exactly sound like my idea of fun. "Maybe I'll just go back to the temp agency."

"Please. Me?" 

"Why not?"

"I don't think I have quite the body type they're looking for," she said. "I mean, a reality show? Probably bikini city."

"I don't know. I think you're pretty."

"Thanks, but somehow I think they'd want you over me. You're, you know, athletic."

"I guess. $25,000, though!"

"Email them!"

The idea was growing on me. An adventure. Something different. And a little money, too.

* * *

The casting people responded to my email with a questionnaire to fill out. They also said to send them a few photos, topless, in lingerie, and full nude. Nude?

"Why would they need nude photos for a TV show?" Kristy asked. "This sounds like a scam. I shouldn't have brought it up. I'm sorry."

"I'm not a complete idiot. I checked it out. The email address is from a legitimate website, a production company. I found the casting call on the website, too."

"I don't know, Jess."

"What do I have to lose? If I get it, it's easy money. If not, I'll get some other job."

Kristy shook her head. "You're nuts." She sighed. "All right, fine. If you're sure. Want me to take the pictures?"

I grinned. "Thanks, Kristy."

It was only a little awkward to strip in front of my best friend, but she took such beautiful photos. We picked out a few that best showed off my figure, my 34D breasts, and my ass. 

"You have a great ass," Kristy commented. "You do look gorgeous in these. I hope this is for real, Jess. Otherwise you'll have nude pictures of yourself floating around out there."

"I have a good feeling about it," I said. "I guess I better answer their email."

"Good luck," she said. "Need help with the questionnaire?"

"Help?"

"Like, coming up with good answers."

I hadn't shown her all of the questions. Some of that stuff, I did not need my best friend to know about me. "No. I'll be fine."

* * *

I sent the photos before I lost my nerve and said I'd get the written stuff to them later. After dinner, I curled up on my bed with my laptop and took a deep breath. Maybe Kristy was right. Why would they need nude photos for a reality show? I almost typed out, "Never mind. I don't think this is for me," but then I thought about what I'd said earlier, that I wanted an adventure and to learn something about myself.

I started with the easy stuff. "Age 19, 5'6", 121 pounds. Auburn hair and brown eyes. Athletic but not muscular." I didn't play a sport, but I ran a few miles several days a week to clear my head and stay in shape. Those questions seemed reasonable for a TV show. They'd want beautiful people on camera.

The next set of questions is where things got a little sketchy. They wanted to know if I had any sexual experience, and if so, how much. I was embarrassed to say I'd never had sex, so I put that I'd had one partner and had intercourse once. What did it matter anyway? They also asked whether I would be willing to have casual sex, if I was comfortable being topless or nude in front of strange men, if I'd recently been tested for STDs, and if I was on birth control. The answer to all of the above was "no," or more precisely, "hell no," but maybe they wouldn't want me if I said that. So I lied. I said I was open to casual sex but had never done it before, that I wasn't bothered by being topless in public, and that I was clean but not on birth control. Well, the last bit was true. I didn't need birth control if I wasn't having sex, and I couldn't have an STD if I'd never been with someone.

Finally, they said I should get all of my body hair removed if I was invited for an in-person audition.

"You're nuts, Jess," I said to myself.

* * *

I showed up at the address they gave me, freshly waxed from armpits to ankles (that had been an experience in and of itself!), at 10:00 a.m. the following Saturday. The building was unassuming, very businesslike. They'd said to dress comfortably and that I didn't need to bring anything special. I'd expected there to be a bunch of girls there like me, but when I went in, the lobby was empty except for the receptionist. She sent me on through to a room that could have fit just as easily in any office building in the city. A black leather couch faced a wooden desk in the windowless office. I sat on the couch to wait.

Two men came in a few minutes later, both in business suits. One was portly and bald, with black-rimmed glasses, and the other was tall and handsome, with just a bit of scruff on his face and piercing green eyes that made my stomach flutter when he looked at me. 

The portly one sat at the desk, and the handsome one leaned casually against the wall.

"Jess, right?" the bald one said.

"Yes."

"I'm Gene. This is Adrian. Thanks for coming in this morning. You seem like a good fit, and we wanted to meet you in person to see how you'll look on camera and interact with some of the other cast members."

"Sure. Nice to meet you." Could he tell that my palms were sweating and my stomach was doing flip-flops?

"First, I'll need you to sign this consent form and our standard employment contract. If you want to change your mind about this, now's the time." 

"Consent for what?" He handed me the form. "By signing this form, talent gives unlimited consent to the following," I read. "Unlimited consent? What does that mean?"

"It means we don't have to ask you every time. We can just do it because you've already given us permission."

That seemed odd. How could I consent to anything in advance? "You know," I said, without reading further, "I'm getting a little nervous. I thought this was just a reality show."

"There's the door," Gene said with a gesture. "You don't have to stay."

The other man stared at me with those incredible eyes and my heart skipped a beat. I could at least read the list before making a decision.

"Talent's face may appear on screen. Any part of Talent's body may appear on screen, clothed or unclothed. Talent's breasts, nipples, pubic area, and bare buttocks may appear on screen, censored or uncensored," the form continued.

"Wait, wait, onscreen nudity? No one said anything about that," I exclaimed.

Gene shrugged and inclined his head toward the door again. "We pay well."

"I don't know," I said.

Those eyes again. My breath quickened. I could at least read to the end of the list.

"Talent's vulva and anus may appear on screen, censored or uncensored."

"This is porn," I said. "You're making porn."

Gene laughed. "I thought you'd already figured that out."

"Yeah, but I didn't think... I mean, like, close-ups of my genitals?" A tightening between my legs and a spurt of wetness surprised me. I was kind of turned on by the idea. But, no! I couldn't do porn! I'd never even seen a penis in person!

"You can sign or you can leave," Gene said. "Let's not waste each other's time."

I nodded and kept reading. "Other cast members may touch talent's body, including genitals and breasts. Other cast members may lick and kiss any part of talent's body, including genitals and breasts. Other cast members' genitals may come in contact with talent's genitals." Porn. I shivered, but I wasn't sure if it was fear or excitement. 

It got even more explicit after that. "Talent will use her mouth on other cast members' genitals as needed." Oral sex. Right. I read on. "Talent's vagina and anus may be penetrated as needed by toys, fingers, and/or penises. Images of talent's vagina being penetrated may appear on screen. Images of talent's anus being penetrated may appear on screen."

"My anus?" I said. 

"If it comes up," Gene said casually.

"But, why do I have to consent to that now? Can't you just ask me if it does come up?"

"It's much simpler this way."

"But what if something happens and I don't want to do it? What if I don't like it, or it hurts, and I want to stop?" I was starting to panic. I should just leave. This had been a ridiculous notion. "I've never had anal sex or anything. How can I consent to it?"

"Sign or leave," Gene said. "No one's forcing you to audition, but if you want to be in this production, these are the expectations."

"So this isn't a reality show at all! That was just a ruse to get me in here. Do I really get $25,000?"

"Potentially. First we need you to audition, and if that goes well, you may be chosen for a special engagement. That pays $25,000."

"Do I get paid for the audition?"

"$500 for the audition, if you allow us to film it and use the footage on the website. $1000 for each day of filming you participate in after that."

I'd come this far, and, truthfully, I was very curious. If I could really get $25,000... I nodded. "Do you have a pen?" I asked.

* * *

Gene and Adrian led me farther into the building, to another room very similar to the office we'd just left, except there was no wall behind the desk, and two cameras on tripods stood where the wall should be, filming the "office" from two different angles. Gene took his seat behind the desk. He would not be in the frame. "Sit," he said, gesturing to the couch.

I huddled on the edge of the couch, knees pressed together, hands folded in my lap. Seeing the cameras, being on an actual movie set, made me jittery and lightheaded. Adrian sat on the armrest of the couch, very casual. "Don't be so nervous," he said to me.

"I've never been on camera before," I croaked. My throat was dry. 

Three more men arrived. Two took up positions behind each of the stationary cameras, and the third had a handheld camera. I wondered what, exactly, this audition would entail, and if it was worth $500 to get naked in a room with five strange men.

I also wondered what would happen if I changed my mind now, having signed that contract. It was just a piece of paper. Could they sue me or something?

"We're rolling," one of the cameramen said.

"Okay, Jess." Gene leaned forward slightly. "Why don't you introduce yourself. Tell us your name, how old you are, and what you're here to do."

What was I here to do? I had no idea. "Okay. Uh, hi. I'm Jess. I'm 19. And I'm here to audition for, um, a porn movie?"

Gene chuckled. "Something like that. Good. First, we'd like to see how you'll look naked on camera, so if you'd just take off your clothes."

"Take off my clothes? Now?"

"Please."

My eyes darted from one man to the next and settled on Adrian, still perched on the armrest beside me. Why? Why was he on camera? He met my gaze and smiled. Those green eyes though! I tried to pretend the other guys weren't there and focused on Adrian. I got to my feet. "Okay. Sure." And thus committed, I lifted my shirt over my head. Once in motion, it was easy to continue, much easier than I expected, and in moments, I was naked. Besides, I told myself, they'd already seen my pictures.

I stood with my hands at my sides and tried to smile. I hoped it wasn't obvious how furiously turned on I was. My heart pounded, and I was sure I felt moisture trickle down my leg. Heat rose in my face.

"Very nice," Gene said. "Turn around."

I turned around slowly, chest heaving liked I'd just run 10 miles.

"Thank you. I think you'll do very well. You have beautiful breasts. D?"

"D? Uh, yes. Thanks." 

"Let's see you give a blow job."

I'd never actually given a blow job before, but maybe it was too late to admit that. "To who?"

In answer, Adrian took off his suit jacket and unbuckled his belt.

"Oh," I said. That's why he was here. I should have figured that out. He rose from the couch and moved in very close to me.

"Don't be so nervous," he said again. He cupped my breasts and my eyes widened. He smelled so good, I just wanted to bury my face in his chest. "Is this your first time?" he whispered.

"How -- how did you know?" I asked, momentarily forgetting there were four other men in the room.

"Just a hunch. Hang on." He glanced behind him at one of the cameramen and made a "cut" motion across his neck. He went over to Gene and spoke with him in a low voice.

"What the fuck?" Gene exclaimed. He looked at me over Adrian's shoulder. "You're a fucking virgin? Why didn't you tell us?"

My face burned with humiliation. Adrian had tried to be so discreet about it. "I didn't think it would matter."

"Oh, it matters. It matters a lot. Give me one second." He stomped out of the room. I couldn't tell if he was angry or excited.

"What's going on?" I asked Adrian. "Why does it matter?" Suddenly very self-conscious, I crossed my arms over my breasts and sat on the couch with my legs together.

"It changes the game a little," he said. I had no idea what that meant.

"Does this mean I don't get the job?"

"I think it means you get a different job," he said with a mysterious grin.

Gene returned with a broad smile. "Okay, we can't use you for this production, but we do have something else for you. All the same stuff you already signed applies."

"Do I still get the thousand bucks?"

"A thousand? Honey, you do this film and you'll get a lot more than that."

"What is it? What about the chance at twenty-five thousand?" That was my only motivation, really, and if he was going to take that away from me, I didn't want to be here.

"We're going to pop your cherry on camera. There's a huge market for true deflowerings. But, this isn't going to be any ordinary first-time movie. We're going to take you from virgin to slut in one day."

"Slut?"

"I've got four other actors out there lined up and ready to go, plus Adrian. You get $3,000 for the first cock to go in your pussy, $5,000 for the first in your ass, and $1,000 for each cock you take after that."

"My ass?"

"You consented to anal."

"Yes. I know. But if I take all five, that's only -- what, eight thousand plus three more? $11,000?" Only $11,000! If he hadn't already mentioned $25,000, eleven would have sounded like a fortune for one day's work.

"Yes."

"But, you said 25 thousand." This whole conversation was completely surreal. I was negotiating the price of my virginity -- and my dignity it seemed. I wanted to do it. I was shocked that I wanted to, but I did. I couldn't think of a more exciting way to "pop my cherry," as he'd said, than with professional porn actors, and get paid for it besides. But I sensed I had leverage, since virgins probably didn't walk into their casting offices every day.

"The 25 was for something else." 

"Then I'll do that."

"No." He rested his chin in his hand and studied me. "Tell you what, we don't normally do this, but we'll give you a royalty. For every view your film gets on our website, you get ten cents. In perpetuity. A million views would be $100,000. Fair?"

"How many views do your videos usually get in, say, a year?"

"Fifty to a hundred thousand, typically. Yours would get more. Your movie will be the ultimate porn film. First time pussy, first time anal, gang bang, DP, airtight. If you do it all."

"What's a DP?"

He laughed. "You are adorable."

I did some quick math. That still didn't make $25,000 in the first year, but if I would keep getting checks for years down the line... I nodded. "Is it going to hurt?" Something I hadn't considered until just now.

"Very likely."

"A lot?"

"That depends on you. They'll be as gentle as they can."

I wasn't afraid of a little pain, exactly, but if it hurt too much and they wouldn't let me stop, what then? I told myself I could handle it. "Can I get the royalty thing in writing, please?"

"Of course."

"Okay." New adventures, new experiences, and I was about to learn a whole heck of a lot about myself.

* * *

Gene gave me a bathrobe and handed me off to a woman he called Aurora. She was very, very nice to me and then took me into a bathroom and gave me an enema, which was about the most horrible experience of my 19 short years, as far as I could remember. It was humiliating and uncomfortable, but she assured me it would be worth it for how clean my butt would be. "Nobody wants a poop incident," she said, like it was the most normal topic of conversation in the world. 

"A poop...incident?"

"Sometimes if you stick something up your butt, you get a little more than you bargained for." She laughed.

"Have you done it? Anal?"

"Sure."

Somehow, knowing an actual person who had done it made it less intimidating. She took me to another room to do my hair and makeup. "Are you an actress?" I asked as we walked.

"I do a little of everything around here. Adrian is a sweetheart. He'll take good care of you." My nipples tingled, remembering how his hands had felt.

"He's gorgeous."

She grinned. "So, listen, if you want a little advice, try to relax and enjoy yourself. If you get really nervous and tense up, it'll hurt a lot more. 'kay?"

"Right." Easy for her to say.

"They're using the hotel room set. I'll take you over there, and then I'll see you after the shoot."

"Thanks."

The hotel room set was exactly what it sounded like, with a big bed in the middle, a desk and a chair, and, like the office set, a missing wall where two cameras stood. The same three cameramen milled about. They were all obviously waiting for me to appear. Adrian and Gene were deep in conversation in one corner of the room. Four other guys stood in a little clump behind the two cameras. They were all well built and good-looking, and about as diverse a group I could imagine.

Five porn actors, three cameramen, and Gene, who I assumed was producer, director, and whatever else was needed. And me. Alone and almost naked in a room with nine men. I shivered and hugged myself. 

Gene noticed me. "Come in Jess, I'll tell you what we're doing."

I intended to walk forward oozing confidence and sexuality, but instead my knees buckled and I nearly fell. Two of the actors saw me stumble, and each dashed over to catch an elbow. "Steady," the tall Black guy said. "You okay?"

"I'm a little nervous," I said. "A lot nervous." Until now, the reality of what I'd agreed to hadn't struck me. I was going to have sex with five strange men, in front of four others, on camera for thousands more to watch. And I'd never so much as seen a penis before. "What's your name?" I asked him.

"I'm Tariq," he said. "And over there's Chris and Ivan."

The guy who'd caught my other elbow, who looked Hispanic, introduced himself as Joey.

Gene strode over. "Relax. You'll be fine. So there's basic storyline just to tie things together. You're on a date with Adrian. We'll start out with just the two of you kissing, and then he'll go down on you, you'll cum, and then you'll give Adrian a blow job, just to keep the suspense building. Then he'll fuck you. Then the other four guys will come in, and it'll turn out he's tricked you into a gangbang. Surprise! From there it'll be fairly fluid. At the end, the other four will leave, and you'll be on the bed with just Adrian, and it won't be clear if it was just a fantasy or if it really happened, except we'll finish with a close-up of your breasts covered in cum. Okay?"
