 The Vacation, Part One: The Pool

“The water is clear, step in” he whispers as the harsh vowels bounce and swirl over the tiles shimmering in soft moonlight reflected in the dark pool.

She hesitates, still unsure if this is a good idea. They met in the hotel bar just hours before. He said he was a business traveler out here for a seminar. She still reeled from the fight with David over whose fault it was that their reservations for the cruise never came through. This was the first vacation they had alone. Her sister Mae had taken the kids. It was the vacation that they were told they needed to save their marriage. Trish determined that David wasn’t going to be the one to walk this time, she was. To the bar she headed and drank probably faster than she should have. Things swirled and this man who came to sit next to her was a patient, listening voice. By this time, she was quite drunk. He spoke back with understanding, deep and slow like a graveled river. When he whispered, “Let’s take a dip in the pool,” in her ear, she melted, nodding. 

Now, his clothes piled on a pool lounger, he beckoned her in. She had watched his angular form sink into the waters, his ass moving into the silvered water, dispersed by his form and thought, “God, I want this.”

“It’s not too cold, and you don’t want your undergarments to come back soaked do you?” 

She still wore her panties and bra, not uninhibited enough to take them off. Now she did, reaching back to unhasp the bra, feeling his eyes looking as she shrugged it off her shoulders, feeling the chill of breeze over her nipples as they were exposed to air, and his eyes. She couldn’t yet look down on him as she hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties and wiggled them down and off, keeping her legs together but feeling a flush as she was sure this was where his eyes were. Fingertips grasped hers as he led her down the pool’s steps, as she felt the water envelope her legs like a warm, understanding lover. His fingers led her down, the waters over her thighs, over her hips, then the fingers sliding up her arms, to her waist and around her ass as she felt his warm body press to hers, felt his hardness rest its length on her tummy as his lips pressed to hers.

I felt like I was in a dream as I felt her naked body in the warm, moonlit pool press to mine. A woman not understood and caught in family normality, having become the wife and mother, and no longer the beautiful woman I saw with steaming, glittering eyes in the hotel bar. This was a woman I wanted to make love to, to make feel beautiful and treasure every touch, and sigh, and moan. I heard her moans as our kiss deepened, felt her abdomen move as my cock pressed against it. We moved out a bit more into the water, until we floated, in our kiss and her legs lifted and wrapped to me. I guided our floating bodies to the side. It was about 5 feet of water, so I could stand on tip toes to guide us forward. She touched the edge of the pool and grasped the ledge as I kissed her soft, wet neck. I felt the vibrations of her steady soft moan as I sucked kisses over her shoulders, down her collarbone. I placed small kisses over her breastbone and worked my way down, noticing how she lifted herself as I kissed downwards. Her legs were still around my waist, and she arched up as I trailed my tongue over her breasts, circling underneath, then up. A gentle tease over her nipple and she gasped and arched her chest farther forward. Her legs were now around my stomach as I spiraled my tongue around that hard areola. She hissed then purred. My lips enveloped her nipple, which was hard from the water and my tongue, and I sucked it in slow and deep.

He must have been sent by some need in me, as he did everything she needed him to do, to make her feel like a woman. His lips engulfing her nipple sent lightning throughout her whole body. His kisses had already broken her inhibitions, her legs had wrapped around him of their own unconscious will, of a body aching to be loved. The cold tile of the pool edge as she grasped it was the only thing holding her to reality. Then she felt the sharpness of his teeth as he drew her nipple between them. Her hands came free of the tiles and grasped his strong shoulders, digging into them with her nails. His hands had gone to her hips to hold her, since only her legs around his stomach held her up. She heard her moan crash over the hard tile walls and bounce loudly around. She bit her teeth to hold in her passion. She didn’t want to get caught now...not now!!! That exquisite mouth sucking her eager nipple, one then the other. She must have been digging her nails hard in his shoulders because she felt herself lifting out of the water and her hands lost their grip. She was going to whisper an apology to him as his mouth no longer sucked her nipple when she felt herself lifted from the warm water, to the cold tiles. When his hands grasped each thigh and he lifted up slightly, with her thighs moved to his shoulders, she realized he had other intentions. Lips kissing her inner thighs, slowly, alternately, was torture. His tongue tip lining and snaking down her labia elicited a deep loud moan that filled the cavernous pool house. Then the curl of his tongue as it slipped in her walls made her clutch his hair tighter, her legs open as her feet braced the pool ledge and she opened completely to him. Excruciating moments of ecstasy followed as his tongue worked deftly in her pleasure center, then more uncontrollable gasps from her as he touched and circled her enlarged clit. Then the cold of the tile anchoring her as waves of pleasure thrust through her body, screams rippling off walls and his hand to her mouth, wet fingers enclosing her unleashed passion, and a soft whisper in her ear.

“Turn over”

Shaking, she obliged and panted in anticipation to the hard man flesh she ached for plunging in her quivering honey pot. She rested on her elbows, her forearms flat on the tile and her ass high in the air, unashamedly pleading for his cock. 

The slap that followed made her whimper as the sting spread over her ass. She opened her eyes, but he knelt before her, his cock inches from her mouth. Another slap followed, and it was not from him!!!

She turned and saw David’s face, hard and determined, and she turned red in shame. Her stinging ass was still high in the air, she wanted the pain of this man she met in the bar, if it meant she would get his cock thrust deep in her pussy, and that was clear. God, how could she hide his reprimand. But she thought in those moments too, realizing that the man must have seen David sometime before, that David was allowed to take this position. And David wasn’t wearing anything either, and he was hard as a rock, something she hadn’t seen in a while. When they had sex, which was quite infrequently, it took much foreplay to get him hard, hard enough to enter her, and soon cum. But now, his cock was hard in front of her ass, wet at the tip. She turned to the man kneeling in front of her.

I saw her looking at me in question and wonder. I had seen how deeply she wanted me and expected me to make passionate love to her, and hated this part of the deception as I knew in a moment she would feel the sting of David’s hand, rather than the silky hardness of my cock. I had met David at the bar the night before, we had hit it off over a few shots, he coming clean about the deterioration of his marriage, and how this botched vacation just made it more of a mess. Yet he wanted to try anything, some excitement. It was as a joke between a couple of drunk guys that I suggested throwing a third into the mix. David was quick to pick it up. We made our plan over several shots of Jack Daniels. I was nervous when I went down and sat next to Trish and began to seduce her. I could see the flashes of fire from a frustrated woman who had lost who she was, but wanted that passion. As we began making love at the pool, I began dreading David’s entrance, and forgot to my self that he was watching every moment of the seduction. Now, she looked at me like a betrayed animal after she turned to see David, but there was a questioning in her gaze, a curiosity about what was to come next. I looked up at David, who gave me a sly smile.

“You want that cock, don’t you, Trish?” David said as he could see her head turned to me. My cock had gone a little flaccid with the revealing of the deception. Trish stopped looking in my eyes, and down to my cock, which grew again in the heat of her gaze. Another slap from David.

“Answer me!!!”

There was a feeble nod of the head from her. She was still unsure what an honest answer would get her, but must have realized, with the knowing that this was a setup, and with David also naked, that her honest desire wouldn’t be met with castigation, perhaps with more sweet pain, but not castigation.

“Say it, Trish! Telll me!”

“I do” came feebly from her lips, followed by a hard smack on her ass.

“Louder! Look in his eyes and say, I want your cock, and I want to suck it!”

Trish looked up at me, there was desire in her eyes, a want to say it loudly and eagerly, but she held back and said in a shaky voice, “I want to suck your cock.”

David smiled at me and nodded. I moved closer.

“Take it, Trish, take that cock like a slut does.”

Trish moved her fingers over the base of my balls, I shuddered, her fingers were cold from the tile, but immediately they were followed by her warm tongue and a touch of her lips, the cold fingers moving over the underside of my cock and just her nails brushing my swollen head.

“That’s a good slut, baby. You love cock, don’t you?”

Her fingers wrapped around my shaft as her lips vibrated an mmmmm against my balls, and I let the hint of a moan escape me, then set it back as I realized David’s presence. I looked at him in almost an apology. It was ok when he was out of sight, but him here, I felt unconsciously that I shouldn’t enjoy it this much. He looked back at me, smiled and nodded, reassurredly. The coldness of her fingers and my reservations had made me a bit limp again. David winked and slapped her ass hard.

“That’s not good enough, slut! See? You are making him limp. Tell him how much you love his cock. Take it in your hot mouth and make it raging hard! Tell him!” Another slap.

She grasped the base of my cock with warming fingers, looked up at me through tearing eyes and said, now louder, “I love this cock.. I ache for it...I want to taste it.”

My cock grew in her grasp, with her words, as drops of precum leaked from the slit, and her tongue snaked out to take the droplets...

If David wanted her to be a slut, Dammit, she was going to be. This stranger’s manflesh was the first other than David’s that she had touched in several years. Feeling it grow at her touch turned her on, and the contrast of her desire, the sting of David’s thrashings, and the cool tile set an amazing feeling tingling through her very blood, and made her pussy even wetter. With aching sincerity, she voiced her desire and tasted the delicious salt nectar of his magnificent cock. She let it bathe her tongue with its briny slickness, ran it over her lips and swallowed, knowing he watched her relishing his emanations. She felt his fingers slide through her hair as her tongue tip slipped and probed his slit for all his precum, producing more which ran down the underside of his swollen purple head. She quickly wrapped her mouth around the tip and slid it into her mouth as he clutched her... “Suck it in deep, slut!” David was demanding as the stranger’s cock’s velvet flesh drove into her hungry mouth. He was larger than David, and she often had a hard time throating David’s cock, but a slap when she stopped and gagged slightly made her open her throat wider as she felt the shaft slide into her throat...

“Yes, what a slut you are! Isn’t she a slut, Andrew? She is a hot littlle slut, isn’t she Andrew?”

Trish looked up to see his face, lost in passion, and knew he was caught between that passion and not wanting to disgrace her totally. He made a moan of affirmation, which worked as both an answer to David, but yet again could be an assertion of pleasure. Trish began sucking, drawing out and sliding him back in to the base where her fingers grasped tightly. She almost gagged again as she felt David’s cock entering her gaping, soaked pussy. He thrust in to his balls, which pressed against her swollen clit... then a resounding slap to her ass.

“Let go of his cock and take that last inch.. like my cock is deep in your slutty cunt!”

She let go quickly, moaning, and slapped her palm to the tile, twisting her mouth to get the base of his cock in her mouth, his shaft bending deeply down her throat. David’s cock ground into her pussy and his balls teasing her cllit made her squirm.

“Now, slut, work these cocks. Andrew and I are staying still... you do the work, slut.. take these cocks and make them cum!”

I was lost in ecstasy as I felt my cock going deep down Trish’s throat. I saw the furious passion in David’s eyes as he thrust his cock in her pussy. At his command, Trish began rocking back and forth. I felt her lips moving over my shaft, my head sliding down her throat, her hair brushing against my thighs. David held her hips as she moved like passion’s animal, lost in furious animal lust. My cock was raging and hard, coming near to explosion with each suck from her mouth, each slide down her throat. I looked at David, teeth gritted as she pumped back on him. I timed my rise to his, seeing in his face and his gasps that he was close too.

“Now, slut, take this jizz from both of us!!! Take it deep in your slutty body and don’t you DARE lose a drop!!!”

Trish was squealing and bucking harder back and forth, sucking furiously on my man flesh. I arched back and moaned deeper as she sucked. Then I exploded hard in her mouth. She began to gag, but stopped herself and opened her throat to let me unleash down it. David was gripping her hips and gaping at the ceiling and I saw her legs spread and her knees collapse as I knew she was taking his cum. I small stream of my cum dripped out of the corner of her mouth, she let my cock slip out, raised a hand, and slipped the white juice back in her mouth. Then, she took my cock in again and sucked it sweetly clean, until I pulled her off because my cock grew too sensitive... I rocked back on my ass, and took gasping breaths at the ceiling. 

A noise from the locker room, like the close of a door, sprang us to attention. We hustled into our clothes and out to the hotel door. We didn’t speak much, other than David insisting we return to their hotel room. All three of us.