 ...a continuation of "Amy Gets Her Man"...



A part of Amy was disgusted with herself and the woman she had become. But another part had never felt sexier and more alive. Not only had she cheated on her boyfriend Pete, but she had done so with Jack, her best friend Julie's boyfriend. Actually, to be perfectly honest, she had done more than that.

First, she fantasized about him. Then, she let him finger-fuck her. After that, she had phone sex with him and willingly admitted numerous illicit desires to him. Next, she gave him a blow job. Then finally, she fucked him. All the while professing to be his personal on-call slut and perform whatever demeaning sexual acts he demanded.

No matter how bad that part of her felt about the betrayal of her friend and boyfriend, those feelings paled in comparison to the uncontrollable, carnal lust she felt towards her new lover. Fantasizing about him constantly, she was pretty much unable to orgasm while making love to her boyfriend or masturbating without imagining him in some capacity.

Whereas in the past, after their indiscretions, she had tried to stay away from him, she now knew that it would be impossible. She knew that it was an undeniable fact that she absolutely loved being used by him. That she loved how he treated her like a sex object and was desperate for more.

It had been almost a week since she had finally given in to her desires and fucked her fantasy man when he beckoned her to come over. Julie was out of town visiting her mother and he sounded quite eager to have his new fuck-toy over and see just how obedient she was actually willing to be for him. Just as keen to show him how dutiful a slut she could be, Amy made up an excuse for her boyfriend and rushed out to comply with his summoning.

When Jack opened the door to the apartment, a shiver immediately shot through her body, causing her nipples to harden and her pussy to quiver.

"Hi." She whispered softly, her mind already envisioning the hot, dirty, rough, even brutal sex they were about to engage in. "May I come in?" She asked as she walked in past him, not waiting for his answer.

"Make yourself at home." He replied, shutting the door as he looked her up and down and nodded with approval.

The sand coloured, linen drawstring skirt she wore came to just above her knees, while the sexy indigo blue scoop-neck camisole tank top with the built in shelf bra nicely showed off her ample bosom. The pair of brown leather sandals with four and a half inch wedge heels added a nice compliment to the outfit, as did the ribbons of loose, glossy curls that bounced in her brunette mane.

"Less than an hour, I'm impressed." He continued, glancing at the clock on the wall as he moved closer towards her. 'You really are my little on-call slut, aren't you?"

She flashed a devilish grin at him, almost proud of the title he bestowed upon her. They both knew that she was at his beck and call, desperate to push her sexual boundaries and be the dirty girl she had long wanted to be for him.

"Yes..." she sighed, as he leaned in close to her, his breath warm on her neck.

"Tell me," he whispered in her ear as he pressed up against her from behind. "What dirty fucking things did a slut like you hope she was gonna do today?"

She could not stifle the moan that escaped her lips as she took in his words. It amazed her how well he knew her sexual desires. How he knew that her entire body ached to be used, to be taken completely as an object of pleasure, with no sexual gratification too taboo.

"Tell me." He demanded, yanking forcefully on a fistful of her curly hair to underscore his authority.

"I wanna be your fuck-toy." She whispered, "I'll do whatever you want."

"I know you will slut," he replied, his tone dominant and almost menacing. "But I want to hear my little fuck-toy tell me the bad things she's been fantasizing about doing for me."

Amy could feel her panties dampening rapidly as their dirty, demeaning dialogue progressed. But she knew that she was beyond the point where their filthy talk was just foreplay. She knew that each naughty desire she admitted to him was in fact what she yearned for in reality.

"I want to be used like a cheap whore." She admitted, her eyes fluttering shut as she spoke. "I want to be forced to do dirty fucking things."

"Oh, that's good, slut..." Jack cut in, his hard cock pressing against her ass as he spoke. "Now tell me, do you fantasize about getting gang-banged like a dirty whore?"

"Mmm, yeah," She groaned as she squeezed her eyes shut and visualized the scene. "I wanna be gang-banged like a slut."

"Well then you're in luck."

She was quickly torn from her erotic daydream and forced back to her senses with the sound of the voice. After her eyes shot open it took her a couple of seconds to realize that Jack's buddies Shane and Brandon had both emerged from another room and were standing in front of her.

Trying to appear less nervous than she was, she flashed a smile at them and tried to play coy, shrugging her shoulders playfully, like a kid who got caught with a hand in the cookie jar.

"You were saying?" Shane asked, winking at her as both he and his friend eyed her from head to toe.

"Something about wanting to be gang-banged?" Brandon chimed in as they both made their way closer to her.

Her heart pounded in her chest as she felt Jack's muscular hands grip her arms, pulling them behind her back and pushing her breasts forward against the material of her top. A combination of fear and excitement made her tremble, knowing that her admission of a depraved fantasy was seemingly about to lead to it coming to fruition. She could shamefully feel the wetness growing in between her legs at the thought of being fucked raw by multiple dicks.

Suddenly, Shane's hands reached out and gripped her shirt, the thin material offering little resistance as he tore it apart. The two men grinned widely at her firm tits as her nipples hardened instantly at the exposure, and from the excitement of being so roughly uncovered. Her knees shook as Brandon rushed forward and found the drawstring on her skirt, untying it and letting it fall to the floor. She watched as his greedy eyes feasted upon her thong, now clearly drenched in her own excitement, and he quickly slid it down to reveal her glistening snatch.

Amy knew she was totally at their mercy now, but she said nothing. Staring ahead, she reserved herself to the fact that she was about to become a submissive slut to multiple men, just like she had admitted to fantasizing about.

Brandon pulled at her inner thighs and she felt Jack pulling her down slightly, bending her knees as her legs spread. She shuddered as Brandon's fingers gently touched her shaven twat and slid a thick finger inside. Biting her lower lip, she closed her eyes as a second finger penetrated her and coated his digits with the slippery juices that flowed freely from in between her legs. Then, as swiftly as he began to finger fuck her, he pulled his hand away and slid it up her body, leaving a wet trail all the way up to her lips. Without a second thought, she opened her mouth and allowed his fingers inside, licking her own flavour off of them and loving the degradation being forced upon her.

"Does that taste good slut?" Jack asked with a whisper from behind her as his friend finished screwing his fingers in and out of her mouth. "Is this what you wanted?"

She could only moan in response as his two friends laughed at his complete control over her.

"You wanted to be a nasty little fuck-toy," Jack continued, "And now you're gonna have your wish come true. We're gonna fuck you like the slut you are until you're begging for more."

The words sent a shiver through her entire body. He knew exactly how to press her buttons and unleash all her deviant desires.

"Now finger yourself slut." He whispered in her ear. "Give the boys a show."

Still being held in a squatting position by Jack, she obeyed instantly. While one hand shot in between her legs and opened up her hot pink slit, the other journeyed to her mouth where she wet a couple of fingers that quickly travelled south to circle her sensitive clit. She closed her eyes and tossed her head back, her mouth opening with her heavy breathing as she rubbed herself for their viewing pleasure.

Her eyes opened when she heard the sound of a zipper being tugged down close to her ear, and she was greeted by Brandon's short, yet thick cock being pushed to her face as he tugged down his pants. Almost on instinct, she wet her lips and glanced up at him, before slowly parting her lips.

"Suck it." He grunted as he took hold her curly hair and roughly pulled her mouth onto him.

He rammed it in so hard she almost choked, and immediately began pumping his dick in and out, so deep that her nose was pressing against his stomach. Her tongue lapped at the underside of his shaft while her continual suction caused her cheeks to hollow. Meanwhile, a pair of hands began squeezing her breasts and gently tweaking her nipples.

"C'mon, don't be shy." Jack directed from behind her. "Sluts like her like it rough. Squeeze those tits hard."

Shane complied, pinching and twisting her nipples and causing her to moan against the cock she was hungrily working on.

"Okay, that's enough." Jack abruptly announced. "Let's get down to business."

In a flash, Brandon's dick slid out of her mouth, Shane's hands moved off of her chest and Jack pulled her up onto her feet and manoeuvred her over to the couch, aggressively bending her over the arm and forcing the wind out of her as the position forced her ass high in the air, inviting them to use her. She felt a pair of hands grasp her cheeks and squeeze roughly, pulling her ass apart to reveal her dripping cunt.

"Tell us what you want slut." Jack demanded as he slid his hard cock up and down the crevice between her cheeks.

"Fuck me." She moaned. "Oh God, fuck me."

"Is that all you want, slut?" Jack urged, the head of his prick starting to inch into her pussy. "C'mon..."

"I want a cock in my mouth!" She squealed as his dick continued to slide easily inside her. "Fuck me while I suck a cock!"

Amy moaned as Jack's cock slid deep inside her as he gripped her hips and began roughly pumping into her. She had only just begun to push back against his thrusts when her hair was grabbed and her head violently pulled back. With a smile, she parted her lips and sucked Shane's dick deeply into her mouth, eliciting a deep groan from him as his manhood slid down her throat and he began to fuck her mouth with long, slow strokes.

She had never felt so alive. Taking two cocks at once like the nasty slut she loved being. Her pussy was on fire as her best friend's boyfriend reamed his dick in and out and his buddy's fuck-stick slammed into her face. The situation already had her coming hard, her cunt clenching around Jack's prick as it spasmed uncontrollably. Her tits danced frantically underneath her as she was pounded harder and harder and, much to her delight, they did not go unattended to for very long.

Brandon knelt down beside the couch and cupped her firm breasts in his hands. His fingers pulled her nipples hard, extending her tits under his unrelenting pressure and sending needles of pain and pleasure shooting through her body. Pinching harder, he twisted and pulled until she started to squeal around the cock in her mouth.

Suddenly, she felt both the dicks in her mouth and her pussy rudely pulled out, and with precision moves, Jack swiftly flipped her over the arm of the couch and into a slouched sitting position. Brandon immediately moved himself in between her legs and pulled her ankles up to his shoulders, placing his prick inches away from her cunt.

"Tell him what you want slut." Jack demanded as he hovered above her, a beaming grin of satisfaction tattooed on his lips.

"Fuck me Brandon." She pleaded. "Fuck me."

"C'mon, you can do better than that." Jack pushed. "Let him know what kind of a slut he's gonna fuck."

"Use my dirty slut cunt!" She cried out, glaring at Jack for delaying her pleasure, but loving being made to beg for it. "Fuck me like the gang-banging little whore I am!"

With that, Brandon plunged into her, almost instantly pushing her to the brink of another orgasm and forcing her to buck against him wildly in desperation for her next climax. She did not have to wait long for another cock to fill her mouth as Jack eagerly presented her with his tempting meat to devour. Groaning against the shaft in her mouth, her whole body shook as Brandon's hips thrust back and forth relentlessly as he slammed into her pussy as hard as he could. She was in such ecstasy that she was almost losing track of who was fucking her and whose dick she was sucking. It was easier for her to just get lost in the sensations that were overloading her senses and enjoy it all.

"All right, my turn." Shane suddenly exclaimed.

Once again, both pricks were pulled out of her and she was hastily repositioned. This time she found herself being manoeuvred to straddle Shane on the couch, Jack holding her above his friend's throbbing manhood, clearly to torment her yet again.

"Let me ride his big cock!" She begged, not waiting to be prompted. "I need a cock in my slutty pussy!"

"Good girl." Jack beamed as he immediately obliged and forced her down onto the waiting shaft. "Ride him like the whore you are."

Shane entered her in one long stroke and grunted loudly as she began to bounce up and down on him, fucking his dick as hard as she could and sinking down on it all the way to his sweaty balls with each plunge. Amy cried out as he tore into her, gripping her hips as he drove his pelvis upwards to meet her rhythm. She was coming almost continually at this point, her breath ragged gasps was orgasms wracked her body. Her head was spinning so much that she barely even noticed her other two lovers now standing beside her, stroking their cocks and rubbing them against her face and lips, occasionally slipping inside her mouth and forcing her to alternately blow one after the other.

"God dammit, she is a good slut!" Brandon proclaimed from above.

"I'll second that!" Shane offered breathlessly as he gripped her hips and continued his long deep strokes into her fuck-hole.

"You hear that baby?" Jack asked. "They think you're a good little slut."

All she could offer was a moan in response as she pushed rhythmically back against the hard-on in her snatch, moving faster and faster, and making it more and more difficult for the other two pricks to fuck her face.

"Tell us how much you love it." Jack ordered. "Tell us how much you love getting gang-banged like a whore." For added emphasis he grabbed her tits hard, roughly pulling on her nipples and shaking them.

"I fucking love it!" She cried out loudly as he slapped her tits back and forth. "I love being fucked by three guys at once!"

"That's it!" He replied quickly, still assaulting her breasts. "Keep talkin' slut!"

"I wanted it!" She admitted with a shout, the only noise louder the sound of Shane and her flesh slapping against each other. "I fucking fantasize about getting gang-banged!"

"I know you do baby." Jack continued to encourage as he gripped her nipples, sending sparks of sweet pain through her. "You fuckin' love being a slut don't you?"

"Yes, oh God yes..." She panted as another mini orgasm tore through her. "I love being a slut."

"Tell us what kind of a dirty slut you are." He pressed, knowing how much she loved proclaiming her dirty ideals.

"I'm a dirty slut who loves to fuck my friend's boyfriend!" She wailed, thrashing wildly atop Shane as she spoke. "And let his friend's gang-bang me!"

"Yes baby! Keep going!" Jack cheered her on.

"I love to cheat on my boyfriend and be a dirty whore for lots of different guys!" She screamed. "I love being your fuck-toy and doing whatever you want!"

Yet another orgasm ripped through her body as she announced her pride and affection in being all things wanton. Thrashing and bucking wildly on top of Shane's cock, she thought she would black-out from the intensity of her latest explosion.

"I'm gonna come!" Shane grunted, no longer able to take it.

He pulled out of her completely and quickly tossed her off of his swollen prick and onto the couch. With a groan, she rolled over onto her back and her eyes widened at the sight of her three lovers all stroking themselves in front of her.

"Beg for it, whore." Jack commanded as his hand pumped up and down on his thick shaft.

"Come on me." She implored, the vision of three men playing with themselves setting her already hot pussy ablaze. "Come all over your slut."

"How bad do you want it slut?" He groaned, clearly on the brink of blowing his load.

"So fucking bad!" She wailed, looking up into his eyes with a complete submission on her face. "Shower you fuck-toy with all your come! Treat me like the whore I am! Like the slut I love to be!"

With that, Jack grunted hard as his orgasm took hold and his cock exploded, sending spewing come straight into her hair.

"Come on your cheap whore!" Amy beamed. "I'm your fucking sex slave!"

Almost as if on queue, Brandon's jerking dick erupted, causing him to utter a series of filthy obscenities as a rope of his stringy seed landed across her cheeks and lips.

"Fuck yes!" She bellowed proudly. "I love being used like a cheap little slut!"

Finally, Shane let out a growl of approval as he began to shower his hot seed onto her tits and stomach, just as Jack and Brandon moved in to start rubbing their pulsating cock heads all over her face, spreading their sticky fuck sauce all over her. She shook with a final small orgasm as she took in just how amazingly nasty she felt as their collective come literally washed over her.

"You are one amazing slut." Jack groaned as he looked down at her with a satisfied grin of total dominance.

"I told you I would do whatever you wanted me to." Amy replied, feeling deliciously dirty as she shot seductive glances at all three of her lovers while her fingers gently rubbed their spunk into her tits. "I'm your little fuck-toy."

Locking eyes with her best friend's boyfriend, she knew that they were both thinking the same thing. The two of them were already fantasizing about what the next naughty escapade would be for Jack and his personal slut.