 I simply forgot to take the tape out of the VCR the night before, no big deal right. Not in this life time did I ever dream what would happen next. The painters came as scheduled the next morning, I hadn't even had my shower yet. I let them in and went over what work was to be done. The three men all were very nice and not bad looking either. They told me they would be moving some of the furniture and cover everything. I left the TV on so they could listen while they worked. I grabbed a cup of coffee and headed to the shower. I was thinking how good a nice long hot shower would feel. My husband and I did some serious fucking the night before since we were making our own little home movie. That was the tape that was still in the machine.

I got ;out of the shower, and slipped on my robe and then I realized something was not right. I didn't hear the painters, but what I heard was the moaning and groaning of me on the tape, telling my guy to fuck me harder up the ass. I peaked around the corner for the door and all three of the guys were standing in front of the TV. You could see very large hard bulges in their tight white pants. I could feel myself turning red from embarrassment, we never meant for any one to see the tape. I was fro our own personal pleasure. I was not quite sure what was coming up next on the tape but it was obvious what was coming up in the living room. I was getting excited just watching these guys, strangers watching me. 

I decided to have some fun with them, so I moved away from the door and called to them and asked if everything was ok, they replied fine. They turned off the tape just as I came into the room. Their dicks were huge by this time. I walked through with my robe on, tied only at the waist. They went back to painting, I poured myself another cup of coffee and went into the living room. I stood by the patio door watching them, thin I leaned against the wall so that my robe parted open slightly. 

Now you could almost see naked crotch, David, the job foreman was closest to me, every time he bent over to wet the roller, he got a little better shot of what was under the robe. I could see the throbbing of his huge dick, I was getting hot and wet. I went to the kitchen and David followed to ask for a glass of water. I couldn't resist brushing my ass against his cock as I moved to the sink. When I turned to hand him the glass, my robe slipped of the shoulder slightly, and he could see that my nipples bad become hard. You could tell his heart and cock were pounding. 

By this time I was so horny I could explode. I stood there and dropped my robe, I reached down and grabbed his crotch. I asked him if that was where he kept his "paint roller", he turned red as I started to unzip his pants. I nearly gasped as the massive dick sprung from his jeans. I had only seen pictures of men hung like him. It was beautiful, I couldn't decide if I wanted to suck it or fuck it. I knew I had to have it. I bent over to take as much of it in my mouth as I could. I was so busy mouth fucking that huge cock that I didn't notice the other two guys come in the kitchen. Suddenly I felt another hard cock between the cheeks of my ass, heading for my dripping cunt.

This was a first for me. Never had I fucked two men at once. I felt him as he shoved his horse size dick in my hole, it lifted me off the floor. He was fucking me like it was the last piece of ass he was ever going to have. The harder he fucked, the harder I sucked. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the third guy was holding an equally large and hard dick in his hand, slowly massaging it. He moved closer so that I could get my hand on it. I was not hard to tell that Dave was about to loose his load down the back of my throat. 

By the movement from behind I was sure both holes would be filled quickly. As my cunt was being primed to take the wet load about to be deposited, Dave thrust and shuddered one last time as he shot his cum down my throat and all over my face. I didn't think he would ever stop. As soon as he moved, I positioned the third of the massive dicks in my cum filled mouth. I was being pounded so hard from the rear, I knew we both were about to explode. I have never had an orgasm that literally made me weak all over. Number three shot his load at the same time. I guess he couldn't handle the action I was giving him because of the fucking I had just gotten.

I went back to the shower, still weak, thinking should I tell my husband what happened or not. The painters would be here for a week. I think this is a secret I'll keep until they have completed their jobs and I'm totally satisfied.