 "Taxi!!" I yelled. The car whizzed past, ignoring me completely.

It was raining heavily now. The torrential droplets came upon me like bullets. I cursed myself for not bringing my umbrella with me. And I never drove to my client's office. Couldn't I wait in there for a while? Oh no... I had a very important meeting in my own office half an hour away. The client interaction had carried on for a bit longer than I had anticipated. On any other day, I would have walked back. But today was different. And this sudden downpour was making it all the more difficult. I should have come in my car today. Damn it!

A speeding cab noticed my signal and I thankfully got into it. I was completely soaked and was dripping water all over the backseat. Luckily, I kept a pair of extra clothes in my office. Those would come handy today. Composing myself, I passed the address to the driver as we made our way through the storm.

I sent a message to my secretary that I might be a few minutes late. A lone figure was standing almost in the middle of the street, clutching a heavy bag while frantically trying to hail a cab. The person was drenched from head to toe in this blinding rain. A clap of rumbling thunder was heard overhead after a flash of lightning. It was getting worse; the sky had turned gravely dark and it was just around midday. A woman's desperate cry caught my ears above the raging thunderstorm, as our taxi rushed past the figure. 

I asked the driver to pull over. Something in that voice had intrigued me. I opened the door and the woman huffed and puffed her way to the vehicle. Gratefully muttering her thanks, she and her large bag lurched on to the seat beside me. She appeared a little out of breath. Our car started again as I stared back at my former girlfriend.

It was Katie. Wow! Memories immediately started rushing back; I pushed them aside and looked at her face again. Almost five years had gone by since our last encounter; that beautiful angelic face still appeared ageless, and those big round eyes were covered by a handkerchief as she now started wiping her face. She seemed drenched to the bone. Her perfume has not changed, I contemplated as a familiar scent filled the car.

Has she noticed me? Or did I appear a stranger to her? I cleared my throat and said: "Hi Katie... How have you been all these years?"

The hanky drew apart and a pair of lovely eyes gaped back at me. She was taken aback; there was no mistaking that look. But she was pleasantly surprised as her eyes gave her away.

"Jim Smith?! Oh my God!! How lovely to see you again!"

"Same here... Long time, isn't it?"

"At least five years... I guess."

"Well... fancy seeing you here. I was on my way to the office and got caught up in the rain. Horrible weather!"

"Yeah... the morning was really sunny and all, so I was out shopping... it turned so bad suddenly and I had left my umbrella home. Thank you so much for stopping, Jim." Katie's gratitude was earnest.

"No problem at all... I didn't know you had settled in the city."

She looked a bit uncomfortable but quickly smiled again. "Ya, I'm living here again. There had been a few ups and downs. Ok... enough about me! What about you? You married?" Did she change the subject deliberately without elaborating her 'ups and downs'?

"No... not yet!" I laughed.

"Wow... still single?!" she teased playfully.

"Well... I have had a few flings, but nothing serious. Never found the right person, I guess. After you...I mean we parted ways, that is..."

Her eyes met mine; those fascinating ones. What a special quality they had; I couldn't draw my eyes away from that perfect face, those perfect eyes and that perfect pout of supple, ripe lips. Even after all these years, I haven't forgotten them. The silence between us grew embarrassing and uncomfortable with the loud honking of the horn bringing us back to our senses.

"Um... where shall I drop you Katie?" I mumbled.

"Just round the corner... you still have your old number Jim?"

"Yes."

"Okay, I will give you a ring. Plenty to catch up on, it seems." Her face had lit up again.

She got out of the cab, looked back and waved smilingly before disappearing into the rain which had thinned a little. I could make out the outline of a building in the distance. I sighed and looked at my watch. The rest of the journey passed like a trance and I woke up to find the driver telling me that I have reached my office. I was not as late as I had feared and I got out to see the rain had become a drizzle. It was then when I noticed the large shopping bag on the rear seat.

After lunchtime, I got a call from her. She thanked me profusely for the lift and requested me to keep the bag which she said she would collect from me in the evening as her home was quite near my workplace. I assured her that I would be sending my secretary to return it back to her and that she needn't take any trouble. As I was noting down her exact address, she flooded me with her overwhelming gratefulness. Smiling to myself and almost deaf from her acknowledgements, I put the receiver down. I assigned Erica to the job.

Erica was a beautiful young woman and an ideal personal secretary. With such an hour glass figure and heavy bosom, she could give some serious competition to Katie, I thought and laughed. Men in our office lusted after her and envied me secretly. Naughty feelings, sexual urges and childish fantasies had crossed my mind too, but I had never paid any heed to them. She was, however, very candid with me and had once disclosed about her bisexuality during a casual conversation. I found her to be pretty open minded. Anyway, I sighed and went back to my work, but not before noticing a fair number of men and women ogling at Erica's perfectly shaped bottom as she went out of my cabin and out of the office with Katie's bag.

Before leaving for the day, I received another call from my ex who once again showered her avalanche of appreciation on me and also asked me to thank my "lovely" secretary. Erica had also developed a liking to her, I found; she praised her house, her hospitality and above all her pleasing friendly personality.("I think I have got a girl crush on her!!" she jokingly gushed). Nevertheless, all three of us were happy at the end of the day. "Oh, and she lives alone." Erica added, before departing.

That entire evening and night, I kept thinking about Katie. My head didn't stop buzzing even when I went to bed. I found myself hopelessly falling for her again. The news of her living alone had aroused in me a fire of curiosity. I had received news of her marriage shortly after our break-up, following which I had moved on, arrived in this city and begun my professional career. Was she a widow then? Or divorced? I badly longed to be with her at that very moment. Destiny has brought us together a second time; the image of her forlorn face mentioning her 'ups and downs' kept on popping up in my mind and I realized that I wanted to see her happy and cheerful. Was she too thinking of me? We were two empty souls in our respective apartments, probably seeking each other's closeness and care. This current attraction, I understood, was perhaps much more intense and deep-rooted than what had happened the first time.

At the same time, I started having wet dreams about her body. Her rain-soaked figure had exhibited a tempting feminine sensuality which was beyond my wildest dreams. Probably since I had viewed her after such a long period of time, her sex appeal had increased tenfold in my eyes. The wet clothes had latched tightly to her body, revealing her voluptuous curves all the way down. My childish and playful mind grew jealous of the lucky raindrops which had played with her body today; caressing those swollen lips, wetting her bulging breasts, trickling along the erect and pointy nipples, right down to her deep and luscious bellybutton and exploring her forbidden regions further down. All such sinful musings made me hot and sweaty and I imagined myself making love to her wildly at that precise moment. My erection lengthened to its full hardness as I fondly remembered our sexual episodes, those titillating moments of uninhibited passion and unbridled desires. I suppressed my burning urges and kept shuffling uneasily in my sleep. I knew our bodies would respond differently now; our minds and bodies had surely become more mature during this passage of time. A tingling sensation of excitement gripped me all night and my mind drifted away from shadowy alleys of nostalgia to hopeful thoughts of when I would meet her again.

The next few weeks were pure bliss to me as Katie and I shared long moments of togetherness. We met quite often, watched movies, dined and lunched and also hung out here and there. The initial hesitancy and awkwardness had vanished soon after; paving the way to this new friendship, bonhomie and plenty of fun and laughter. It seemed like we were dating again. The romance which had left us about five years back was probably returning again, in full color and maturity. There was no mention of physical intimacy; we were extremely comfortable in each other's warmth and company. It was as if I was unfolding fresh new aspects in her which had remained unexplored before. There was an innocent naughtiness in her which I found wonderful. Perhaps she was also discovering some of them in me too. 

I deeply cherished this picture-perfect relationship and longed for her voice or a glimpse of her, every single day. No vows were spoken, no commitments made; we were just two happy friends having a wonderful and memorable time together. We were not answerable to anybody and we never encroached on one another's private space. We thanked our fates for this unexpected special bond which was non-existent even a few weeks back; I looked forward to each day with a bright smile on my face. She also looked radiant and relaxed and her disarmingly charming smile never left her beautiful face.

So much we talked about. The changes in these six years. Our guilty pleasures. Snapshots of our personal lives. Our daily routines. Funny memorable incidents since our last meeting. Time seemed to fly away during our conversations. Even after I dropped her home, I found so many things had remained untold and unsaid. Lengthy phone conversations followed, as I couldn't wait until the next day. It seemed we were never apart. Those arousing thoughts about her body occasionally crept into my mind, maybe a little less intense; I didn't push them away, rather I enjoyed watching them, sometimes comparing them to our own flashbacks a long time ago.

The mention of her husband obviously emerged in one of our hearty talks. I was right about the legal separation; her married life was never happy. He was an abusive guy, however, his performance in bed was subdued and meek. Katie unabashedly announced that she was never sexually satisfied by her husband whose impotency she had kept a painful secret, until now. "You know Jim, the last orgasm I had was with you," she finished with a wry smile but without any sign of shyness. Her face looked glum and extinguished; I felt sorry for her condition, how her body and mind had remained lonely and deprived, how much she had yearned for a physical attachment... yet her sexual appetite and carnal instincts had not driven her to the point of becoming unfaithful to her husband, she could have had any man, her attractive features being objects of male fantasy; she had ultimately divorced him after just one year when she couldn't take it any longer. For the past 4-5 years, she was on her own. 

I had known Katie to be a lover of great sex; I greatly enjoyed all our lovemaking sessions. It was understandable that such a bitter and tiring sexual exile must have been extremely unbearable and distressing for her; it was unfair on her too. The uncomfortable conversation spiraled into more confidential and private labyrinths when she asked me about my masturbating and sexual affairs (since I too lived alone), ever since our breakup. I realized it was her pent-up frustration and desperation overcoming her, and she suddenly burst into tears.

I consoled her, while reassuringly comforting her and patting her back. I pined to make it up to her but I wanted it to happen on an opportune moment. A brainwave suddenly flashed in my mind... I realized her birthday was on the coming Sunday. Hugging her tightly, I whispered in her ears that everything was all right and that I had a couple of surprises lined up for her special day. She recovered a bit and gave me a small smile.

Feeling elated, I dropped her home and went back, trying hard to keep my mounting excitement and anticipation at bay. I had hatched a plan in my mind; but to make it ready, there was work to be done. After coming back home, I started on it immediately. 

"Jim, what are you doing?!" shrieked Katie as soon as I had put the blindfold on her eyes, without warning, the moment she had stepped into my apartment. It was her birthday; and I had invited her to my house, telling her that we would celebrate it together. But such a welcome took her by surprise; the white cloth smugly and tightly clung to her eyes, completely blocking her view. She blindly stretched her hands forward, trying to make her way through; I held her hands and guided her along, laughingly teasing her that this was the first of the two presents.

The white cloth matched her pale white shirt perfectly; complimenting her curvaceous figure, alongside her denim shorts which fitted her glorious behind smartly, increasing her appeal. I took her into the drawing room and finally made her stop in front of my first gift, before removing her blindfold. She uttered a soft "wow!" and stood motionless, marveling at the view before her. 

It was a collage of some of our beautiful moments spent together and mostly her photographs. I always loved taking pictures of her; and had kept quite a few of the photos even after our falling out. Images of her, from the recent times as well dating back to the past, formed a picturesque medley in front of her longing eyes; that beautiful face loomed large and peered at her real self outside the canvas while her eyes welled up and she became emotionally inquisitive about them. "Where was that taken, Jim?", "Oh! I'm looking so fat and ugly in this!", "I remember this... this was on your birthday!", "That church was so beautiful, wasn't it? We should go there again soon!" 

The glow that emanated from her face became my greatest return-gift as I patiently and smilingly listened to her tiniest observations and answered all her joyful queries. The present had undoubtedly touched her heart and I felt proud of my achievement. She embraced me warmly, beamingly whispering that this was one of her best birthdays ever, before kissing me softly on the cheek. Her face looked bewitching in the surrounding candlelight, her inviting eyes and trembling lips clearly wanting something. I smiled back and again slipped the blindfold over her eyes, receiving another onslaught of her playful protests; I laughed back: "No peeking, no cheating... watch out for the 2nd surprise!"

The angel stood in front of me, shivering and swaying a little while her rapid breaths informed me that she was waiting with bated anticipation and suppressed excitement. It was as if I had the full liberty to do anything with her and my immoral mind started treading those illicit paths again; her alluring yet sex-starved body kept beckoning me to come closer and make the first move. I crept forward and placed one of my fingers on her lips. I touched and cajoled those hungry, bee-stung and agile lips which quivered in tandem with my slightest feel; Katie's breathing pace quickened, her tongue was shifting inside her half open mouth, occasionally creeping out and smacking her dry pout.

She was expecting nothing more than a full kiss on her lips; she was drawing in fast and short intakes of air. I was in no mood of rushing things; I was moving silently by her side and this apprehension of what I would do to her and when I would do it was driving her wild. The fire had started to inflame her body.

I stopped directly in front of her and started unbuttoning her shirt. My fingers slid along her bare torso and she moaned at the smallest caress on her skin; I sensed her goosebumps rising as one by one, the buttons fell away and I peeled the shirt off her. Oh! I had missed this so much! I grinned wickedly at her sweaty face and realized the tantalizing foreplay slowly engulfing her.

Her bra barely contained her captivating cleavage, with the flawless mounds almost peeking out of the bra cups; her upright and already tightened nipples clearly visible through them and announcing their keenness. Beads of glistening sweat had collected along her neck, around her breasts and by the side of her thin waist. Her dangerously curvy tummy flaunted an equally sexy midriff while the tight shorts hung low from her seductive hips. Her figure was, itself, a wonder to behold and it was difficult to resist the desire to fondle and make love to her body.

I bent down and removed her shoes. She awkwardly shuffled her naked feet; her hands were free and she had the freedom to remove the blindfold. But she didn't, as the suspense was clearly enjoyable to her. Without warning, I brushed my lips against her bellybutton and dipped my finger into it, sending a plethora of electric current all along her erogenous zones. My curious tongue kept dancing along its exterior while my empty hands unzipped her shorts, with her arousal knowing no bounds. Her wet navel winked at me as I helped her out of her pants, leaving her stranded and exposed in her attractive lingerie. Briefly, I ran a finger along her sex and her petrified moans and gasps confirmed the wetness of her panties. The famished body was reciprocating well and I extracted my hand from the inside of her thighs with a satisfied smile. The flickering candlelight kept a perfect backdrop in the midst of this sensual torture.

The doorbell rang suddenly; I was expecting it. I cast a glance at Katie; she had stifled her moaning and her eyebrows had shot up. Clearly she was intrigued by this visitor as I had not mentioned another person. I opened the door to find my secretary standing before me. I welcomed her in and closed the door; my excitement grew tremendously and my erection was slowly reaching warning levels.

Erica and I didn't make a sound; she tiptoed up to Katie. Dressed in a short skirt and a tight top, Erica looked like a sex goddess. There was a cunning gleam in her eyes, as she took the full view of the helpless and blindfolded Katie, soaking wet in her bra and panties, her voluminous curves and private parts in full display. Erica just couldn't wait to ravage her, it seemed to me, as she grinned appreciatively at me and proceeded forward. I smiled back at Erica, my second offering to Katie on her birthday.

The hotness quotient was becoming too much to handle; Erica planted a lusty kiss on her prisoner's lips. Katie had never expected a woman's lips on her mouth, she uttered a soft cry of surprise but accepted the kiss gleefully. The two women turned on the heat with their kissing, sucking and tugging of each other's soft, full and ripe lips. Their breaths exhibited fiery passion as they grew more adventurous, starting an engrossing tongue-play and exploring each other's mouths. Erica sucked and bit at Katie's lips and tongue, locking and entwining them with her own, as their whimpering and heaving sounds turned me on further and further.

I came at Katie's back and started touching and feeling that smooth velvety skin. Katie was too busy to respond, glued at the mouth to my secretary in another fierce liplock. In perfect harmony, those lips glided and brushed against each other , the lesbian lust and hunger evident from each earnest suck and pull. I unhooked Katie's bra from the back and her petite melons sprang out in full vigor, the stiff nipples no longer concealed by the modest brassiere. They were pushing into Erica's own cleavage. From the back, I reached outward and started pinching and twiddling her fleshy bosom and rigid nipples. I continued her breast torment as the two buxom vixens finally broke apart with a last bite on each other's dripping tongues.
