 She stepped to her bedside stand and rummaged through her sex toys, finding an eye mask that completely blinded her. She often enjoyed blindfolded sex, making believe she was getting stranger sex, with Ben's help. .Ben understood and soon Mark also caught on. They turned her around a few turns to disorient her. They snuggled her, sandwiching her between their naked bodies, as they kissed, licked and sucked her face and neck, fondled her breasts, pinching and suckling her nipples. She could not tell who was doing what to her and this drove her wild with excitement. 

There was a man in front of her and another behind her, their cocks both moving beneath her crotch, competing to sneak into her pussy. First one cock head would slip in just a bit, only to be replaced by the other one. She became breathless with excitement over this. She was surprised when an orgasm exploded from her pelvis as these two cocks began to push into her pussy at the same time.. She had many times described this little game to Ben over the years. He loved her reaction.

He knew what she wanted now. He guided her to the bench at the foot of their bed. There was a special purpose to this bench. It was not for sitting to put on shoes, as one might expect. It was the perfect width and height for sex. She called it her fuck bench. He laid her, still blindfolded, on her belly on the bench. Her hands and feet could reach the floor as the padded bench held her torso. Her legs were spread over the bench. She tilted her bottom up hungrily inviting someone to fuck her. 

She could not tell who it was slipping into her. She was too wet and swollen too tight to tell if it was her husband's familiar cock or Mark's oversized erection filling her now. The cock pushing anxiously into her was anonymous, a mystery as to who was fucking her. This pushed her excitement over the top. She hyperventilated as she exploded with an orgasm as the man fucked her hard and deep. But she soon felt him pull out of her, move away, and another man take his place, pushing solidly into her. She still could not tell who was fucking her, but he soon pounded her to another orgasm. They took turns pounding her pussy, fucking her, taking turns every few minutes. She was safely experiencing her anonymous gangbang fantasy. 

But the boys could not keep this up forever. She soon felt the man fucking her suddenly slow his thrusts, easing to a gentler, smoother in and out until she felt his cock suddenly begin to pulse with an ejaculation, pumping her full once more. His moans did not reveal who was coming in her. As soon as he began to fade, he withdrew and the other man impatiently pushed into her fucked her hard and fast until he suddenly stopped, paused a second or two, then also exploded deep inside her. That has to be Mark, his spurts were so explosive.

She laid there for some time as her pussy pulsed and twitched and oozed. Finally she pushed up off the bench and pulled off her mask. The boys were relaxed on her bed, waiting for her to join them. It had been incredibly exciting. Now the three of them cuddled on the bed, enjoying the strangely erotic atmosphere that now surrounded them. They kissed and petted and snuggled. She especially enjoyed their hands stroking her, dipping into her pussy to gather handfuls of slick juices to spread all over her. She enjoyed a semen massage from them.

It was incredibly sensuous. Ben was finally softening. It is rare that a man will come twice, and is usually quite spent by that point. The boy, however, was far more potent. This was new and exciting to him. He was still hard. He was not about to come again, at least not right off, but he still wanted her. She laid on Ben and kissed him passionately as Mark laid on her and gently fucked her. She eventually rolled off Ben and wrapped her legs around Mark, slipping him back into her, letting him have all the sex he hungered for. 

Watching her with Mark excited Ben. He grew hard again. Soon the boys were taking turns with her as she laid on her back and let them have her. Neither of them could come again, at least not yet, but she enjoyed having them want her so badly. They turned her onto her side and sandwiched her between them, Ben in front kissing her passionately, Mark behind her licking and sucking her neck. They pinned her tightly between them as their cocks competed to push into her She let them position her just right and soon she felt both cock heads work their way into her vagina together. They stretched the opening of her vagina as they both sought to fill her at once. They could not get in as deeply as they wanted, but they certainly filled her. She became frightened when she felt one of those rare, deep vaginal orgasms begin to well up from deep in her pelvis. She began to hyperventilate, almost pulling away from them. But they would not let her go. She practically screamed with a violent climax, one that almost hurt, it was so intense. The boys held her still between them as she sobbed her way through the contractions. Eventually they had to ease up and let her go so she could recover her breath.

Finally they eased out of her, thankfully, for she was beginning to get sore, despite all the lubrication. They all fell asleep. Someone turned out the light. The three of them did not occupy much of her bed, wrapped arms and legs, holding her between them. She awoke a few times during the night, just slightly, as she felt someone, not sure who, carefully slipping into her, just for a little bit more of her. Each time it was fleeting and gentle, but very nice.

They did not awaken until late that next morning. Her first thoughts were, this was going to be a very strange weekend. She was sticky and smelled of too much sex. She had to shower, but she wanted to shower with the boys, so she stumbled to the kitchen to put together a tray of coffee and pastries for breakfast in bed. Her boys were waking by now and the three of them enjoyed a somewhat quiet breakfast. The boys seemed a bit embarrassed at this morning after they had so shamelessly played so naked and sexual the night before. She knew she had to bring them out of this funk and back to feeling playful. 

"Lets take a shower," she announced to them. They piled out of bed and made their way to her bathroom. It was an oversized shower, but still a crowded threesome get-together. The boys soaped and washed her as she did the same for each of them. Ben held her in his arms and kissed her as Mark pushed into her from behind and gently fucked her. She let him enjoy her for just a minute or so before she turned and let Ben have a turn with her as she kissed Mark. She did not let either of the come, not yet. She knew what she wanted. They suspected what she had in mind when she stepped out of the shower and led them by the hand back to her bed. 

She laid Ben on his back and straddled him. She was slick with her juices, anticipating this. She slipped him into her pussy and laid down on him, kissing him softly. She looked over at Mark and nodded her head slightly. She hoped he would understand. He guessed correctly and positioned himself behind her. He guided his cock to her pussy enveloping Ben's erection. Mark rubbed his cock against her, gathering juices. He then carefully pressed against her. She rode up just a bit, letting Ben's cock slip part way out, seeking some slack in her pussy. Mark pressed a bit harder. She gasped when she felt his cock head pop into her crowded vagina. He paused there just a moment as if waiting to see if she were going to object to this. 

"It's OK," she moaned to him, "go ahead, push," she begged softly. He pushed and slid in a few more inches. She gasped and he paused again, then pushed more, sliding all the way in. Ben moaned at feeling this.

"Can you feel him?" she whispered to Ben.

"Yes," he whispered.

"This is what it feels like to me when you slip into me," she told him. Mark began to carefully and gently fuck her.

"Oh my, that feels nice," she moaned.

Ben moaned also, feeling Mark fucking her.

"Can you feel that?" she murmured to Ben. "That is exactly what it feels like when you fuck me." Ben moaned. Mark moaned. She smiled at Ben. "He's fucking both of us, you know. Does it feel good?" she continued, narrating this encounter as Mark fucked. "I want you to feel him fuck us. I want you to feel him come, so you know what it is like for me." She was giving Ben an incredible perspective on this. Ben moaned more. Mark moaned more, getting equally turned on listening to her. 

She kept this up as Mark pumped them. ""You're going to feel him come in me. Enjoy it," she urged. Ben was becoming extremely excited. Mark's cock soon began to swell. "Oh my, can you feel him getting bigger? He does that just before he comes."

"Yes. Yes, I feel it," Ben gasped, shocked at what she was doing to his excitement. Suddenly mark called out, rather loudly, that he was coming. Ben and Karen felt Mark's cock explode, pulsing forcefully as semen was injected into her very, very tight pussy. "I feel it," Ben repeated, fascinated and surprised. Semen ran out of her and trickled down his balls and ass.

Karen urged mark on. "Nice, very nice," she cooed, "keep going, make Ben come now," she urged. The boys both felt very strange being urged to enjoy such feelings they had not anticipated. Mark kept up his strokes without any pause. "Go ahead, Mark," she urged, "Make him come." It was soon too much and Ben cried out he was going to come. As soon as he began to ejaculate, Mark pushed deep and paused, feeling this for himself. "Can you feel it, Mark?" she asked, now directing her tease to him. This had unfolded exactly as she had fantasized. It was perfect.

They finally uncoupled from her. She laid on her back totally enjoying the glow. "You boys are such sluts," she teased. "This is good. You boys are going to be so much fun," she giggled, snuggling first one and then the other. The boys said nothing, just contemplating what she had done with them. And the weekend was far from over. They spent the rest of the day at the mall, shopping and just quietly hanging out, enjoying the thick atmosphere of sex that surrounded them.