 Karen was actually quite proud of accepting herself as a shameless slut. She greatly, exquisitely, intensely loved sex. She loved having orgasms. She equally loved giving orgasms. She celebrated sex. Of course her husband Ben also enjoyed this. It was a challenge at times, but it surely was worth it. They had had some truly great erotic adventures. He was a lucky man and he knew it.

Karen shared with Ben whatever fantasies popped into her head. He felt it his responsibility to see to it she got whatever she wanted. She did have a pair of predominant fantasies that were especially tantalizing to Karen. She became a bit obsessed with them. But they seemed especially challenging to pull off. They discussed these at length, trying to put together a scenario where one or the other of these could actually happen. But at least these discussions invariably led to rather hot sex for them. 

But, finally, they pulled it off, and with far greater success than either of them had ever anticipated. She spotted an opportunity to position herself whereby she might possibly make something happen. The odds seemed low, but at least the possibility for success seemed to exist. This came from volunteering their home as a site for interns at a local company to temporarily reside. 

Mark was the perfect target. He was barely legal. But that was exactly what she desired, the opportunity to perhaps seduce a much younger man, a boy really. She was 39, pushing 40, a critical milestone. Mark was 21. He was exactly what she fantasized about; quite tall, slim, but becoming muscular, still developing as a man, and at exactly the right stage for her to exploit sexually. 

Ben knew of her predatory desires. It excited him to see her so very sexually obsessed. He was also strangely excited at the thought of her turning a boy into a man sexually. He wondered to himself why he was excited at the thought of another male screwing his wife, excited at his own fantasy of watching his wife fucking this young man into unconsciousness. He wondered what psychological deviance this represented, but nonetheless accepted it as something he would like to experience.

Mark was assigned to this internship and would be spending six months living with Karen and Ben. As soon as the young man appeared on their doorstep, Karen knew he was the one. He was exactly what she wanted. He was as naive as he was attractive. She knew immediately she could pull this off. These six months would give her plenty of opportunity to manipulate this young man into eventually giving her exactly what she wanted. 

Ben did not have to ask her if Mark fit what see was seeking. It was obvious. That night she could barely contain herself. "He is absolutely perfect," she gushed. They spent hours drifting between passionate sex and quietly discussing how she could seduce this young man. They built a plan and it would be fun.

They allowed the young man to become comfortable with his new surroundings that first week. But week two was another story. Karen first began to tantalize Mark with some revealing eveningwear. She started with sheer t-shirts worn braless. Mark could not keep his eyes off her. She gave him an approving smile whenever she caught him looking at her breasts. Karen loved this, as it allowed her to enjoy that strong exhibitionist streak that she otherwise constantly had to contain. She loved showing herself off, something she enjoyed whenever they were out of town. Now she could really enjoy it right here with this young man. 

A few evenings of this soon progressed to her changing into a sexy nightie after dinner one evening. It made her breathless to allow the young man to see her body displayed beneath her long chiffon nightgown. Her dark nipples, her tuft of pubic hair, her tight ass were all nicely displayed beneath the very sheer material. She made a point of walking back and forth in front of the guys as they supposedly watched television that evening. Ben made comments in front of Mark about how sexy she looked that evening. When she was out of the room, he commented to Mark that she loved showing off her body. 

The following evening she changed into a tiny chemise that showed off her long legs. The evening after that led to her changing into her best lace teddy. She and Ben knew Mark was smitten with this. They added to their tease with plenty of loud sex in their bedroom, located directly over the guest room where Mark could hear them practically every night. Ben teased Karen by telling her that Mark was most likely masturbating every evening, fantasizing about sex with her. This drove her crazy.

The weather was finally getting warm enough for her to move to her next seduction tactic. She announced to Mark that dinner would be this year's first barbeque on the deck. She added that they would also fire up the hot tub. That evening went exactly as planned. She let Mark catch plenty of long glimpses of her breasts that just would not stay confined beneath the loose halter top of her little sun dress as she served dinner. 

After dinner she announced that she could no longer resist the temptation of the hot tub. Mark and Ben watched as she stepped to the edge of the tub, untied the top of her dress and let it drop to the deck. Her nakedness was there for only a moment as she stepped into the warm water. She let the boys watch her in the tub, topless, her breasts openly displayed, her nipples rock hard. 

"She is such an exhibitionist," Ben said to Mark, signaling to him it was OK to watch her like this. "She really loves that hot tub," he added, "don't you dear," she added to Karen.

"Don't even bring it up," she replied, mysteriously. Mark didn't understand what that reply really meant, but Ben knew. Ben and Karen were communicating in a bit of a code, letting each other know it was OK to proceed with the plan. 

"She loves that hot tub," Ben repeated, "more than most people can know," he added with ongoing mystery. Karen smiled knowingly at him as she positioned herself in the tub. She tipped her head back and moaned softly. "Watch this," Ben continued. She let her head droop forward and moaned again, this time a bit louder.

"Karen has discovered the pleasure of whirlpool jet orgasms in the hot tub," Ben dared to explain to Mark, "and she cannot get enough of them, isn't that right, dear," he added teasingly to Karen. 

"Fuck you, dear," Karen replied with a smile, her eyes closed and her head rolling slowly around as she was obviously enjoying herself. 

"She has discovered that she can position herself to let the jets blow against her just right. It gives her an endless stream of orgasms." Ben explained. He continued, "We were vacationing at a Bahamas resort with Karen's best friend from college, Lynn, and her husband a few years ago. Lynn is the only woman I know who is as horny as Karen, and is equally proud of it. The two of them were in the hot tub by the pool one afternoon when it was too hot for the beach. Lynn encountered the feel of the whirlpool jets and immediately realized what she had discovered. She pointed it out to Karen and the two of them carefully slipped off their bikini bottoms under the water and set about sneaking underwater orgasms over the next hour as dozens of people passed by. 

They told us guys about it over dinner that evening and invited us to join them for more. It was a rush sitting there in the hot tub with these two women, idly talking among ourselves as the girls struggled to hide the orgasms they were having, one after another, as people walked by and others splashed in the pool right next to the tub. We guys loved it. When the girls had finally had enough, they gave us a special treat. We had made it almost a routine each afternoon on the beach to nonchalantly wander into the ocean to cool off from the sun. There, the girls would snuggle up to us guys and carefully fuck us under the surface. People may be nearby, but no one could tell. They might have suspected, maybe, but from the surface no one could tell we were actually fucking. So that evening we pulled off the same sneak attack, right there is the hot tub. We were very subtle, even though we guys had all we could do to keep from pounding the hell of them. But it was the hottest sex we had that whole week." 

It was a very erotic story. Mark was entranced. Ben nodded toward Karen, where Mark watched as her faced flushed with a distant stare. Her nipples hardened to intense points. For beneath the bubbling surface she held her labia spread so the jets could directly pound her clitoris. She let out a long, low moan. She was having a quietly contained but rather intense orgasm. Ben continued, "It drives her wild. She will have orgasm after orgasm that way." 

Mark was fascinated at what he was seeing and hearing. Karen began to let herself go a bit more as she soon shuddered and cried out with another, much more powerful orgasm. 

This was all so intense for Karen, enjoying her hot tub orgasms as the boys watched. It was equally intense for Ben as he enjoyed letting Mark watch Karen like this. It was especially intense for Mark to witness all this as such a sexually inexperienced young man who, they later found out, had barely lost his virginity and knew very little about sex. He was a very vulnerable victim of their evolving plans.

Karen allowed herself several orgasms like this before finally stopping. She climbed out and allowed the guys to watch her take her time to thoroughly towel herself dry. She was an incredible sight, especially for Mark. She was very excited, letting these two men watch her like this.

She could very easily have taken Mark to his room and fucked his brains out right about now. But she was savoring the seduction too much to rush things along ahead of her carefully laid plans, plans she had made with Ben's approval. The sex she had with Ben later that night was intense. She suspected the neighbors heard as much as Mark heard from his bedroom below theirs. She and Ben agreed, after an aggressive session of sex, that the next evening would be her critical step. 

see part two