 Chapter 1: Curiosity Killed The Cat

Lena drew deep onto her cigarette as she looked out of her kitchen window. She watched intently as the trash men made their way down her block. There were five of them today, two in the cab, three collecting. Another drag from her Marlboro and she made up her mind. She'd been fantasizing about a gangbang since she'd lost her virginity but was too afraid to actually do anything about it. She couldn't imagine what being fucked over and over again would be like. She was afraid but so curious. She was home for summer vacation from college and her parents were on their yearly trip to Europe. She had the whole house to herself for the next three months. Most of her friends had jobs but Lena's parents were loaded so working was an option she chose not to do this summer. She was out to enjoy herself but she didn't know how.

She'd lost her virginity at the 2001 New Year's Eve party she'd attended at her boyfriend's frat house. She & her boyfriend had fought over his infidelities so she fucked his best friend to get even. She'd seen his friend naked before by accident and knew he was small and felt she could handle a cock that small for the first time. She was wrong, she had no idea how small and tight she was and the whole ordeal lasted much longer than she'd expected. She'd had sex many times since then with her new beaux & he was average but still wanted more. Her roommate in the dorms had recently been turned on to group sex and had been urging Lena to join her on one of her joints. Lena was too scared & really didn't want her reputation ruined. But after seeing how spent her roommate was after one of her escapades, Lena decided she was going to try it but only on a more discrete level.

So she eyed the trash men with increased hunger. She was wearing nothing but her robe and she let her hand slip down between her legs to her clit, fingering it as she imagined what it would be like to have all five of the men at once. A breeze caught her long jet black hair and her green eyes narrowed to a slit as she felt herself getting wet at the mere thought of their touch. That's it! She walked with purpose to her front door. One of them was lagging behind. He was black , quite handsome & very tall. His powerful arms, ripped with muscles, glistened with sweat in the morning sun. 

"Hey!" she called out, "Come here for a minute." The guy pointed to his chest as if to question if she really meant him. Lena nodded. The guy's long legs got him to her front door in seconds.

"What's up?" he asked almost knowingly as he eyed her in her bathrobe.

"I've been watching you & your friends all morning. And I was wondering if all of you would like to come in for a drink maybe," Lena said rubbing her neck & letting her hand slide down onto her breast, fingering the nipple. He understood exactly what she meant.

"You alone in this big old house?" he asked as he licked his lips.

"That's right, all by myself," Lena replied.

"How long you gonna be by yourself in this house today?"

"All summer long. Can you believe my parents would leave an 18 yr. old alone for the summer?" she toyed with him, "Who knows what kind of trouble I could get into." Lena smiled. The guy's co-workers beckoned him to hurry up.

"Listen, this is our last block & after this we gotta shower & stuff. How 'bout we stop by afterwards? That way we'll be able to really enjoy each other's company," he smiled back. Lena did have to agree, he was pretty ripe. She nodded.

"We'll be back in about 45 minutes," he said & with that he ran & caught up to his buddies. Lena watched as she saw him explaining her invitation to them. They all turned around & Lena waved, they gave her a thumbs up sign and finished the block. Lena went back inside, what had she just got herself into she wondered.

True to their word, there was a knock at the door 45 minutes later. She opened the door to find not five but eight guys standing in her doorway. The guy she'd talked to was in front, he smiled again.

"I had a few other friends who needed some relaxation as well," he said. Lena opened the door & let them all in. Still in her bathrobe, she lead them to the living room. She'd set up Jack Daniel's, coke, glasses & a ice bucket. It wasn't just for them, she'd belted a few back before they came and from the looks of things, she was glad she did. Five of them were black, two were white & one was Hispanic. Not one of them was under six feet tall, making Lena's 5'2" frame seem even smaller.

Not wasting any time, the guy she'd spoken with, came up to her & untied the knot to her bathrobe & opened it.

"Let's see what we've got here," he said as he let Lena's robe slide to the floor. And there she was, totally naked, standing in the midst of eight men. Her tiny nipples hardened on her perky round breasts & she could feel her snatch getting moist as they all drank her in. The 1st guy

was named Troy & he introduced the rest. Tony, Scott, Joe & Ty were the black guys, Mike was the Hispanic one & Rusty & Bill were the white guys. Lena began to feel very nervous but excited at the same time. Troy pushed Lena down so she was on her knees. She was barely able to say that this was her first time doing something like this before troy had unzipped his pants to let out a huge, at least 10 inch long, thick cock. He laughed at Lena as he pushed her head onto his almost erect dick.

"Well then you just got yo' self into a shit load of trouble today girl!" he laughed again as he high five'd one of the other guys. Lena gagged on his thick cock as he shoved it roughly down her throat. She tried to slow down the pace but he was literally fucking her face while holding her head in place. This was a mistake, Lena thought, but it was too late. Not only was she about to experience her first gangbang but it looked like it would be more of a gang rape. She heard some of them helping themselves to the liquor. Suddenly, she felt someone fondling her ass & then spreading the cheeks. She then felt two fingers, wet with spit ram into her small pussy. She could barely accommodate the fingers.

"Goddamn she's tight!" she heard the guy exclaim, "This is gonna be some good ass shit!" She turned to see who it was & it was Rusty, he was naked from the waist down & his long cock was getting harder by the minute. Abruptly, her head was turned back to Troy's dick as he rammed it once again into her mouth.

"You gots some unfinished bidness here," he said sternly as he began to face fuck her harder. Lena then felt Rusty's smooth hard cock starting to force it's way into her tiny pussy. Slowly at first & then ramming it hard & deep. Lena let out a cry but it was muffled by the dick in her mouth. Rusty was pounding her now, letting out grunts of pleasure & repeating how tight she was. Lena felt his cock go deep inside of her, hitting the back of her pussy hard each time. Unwillingly, she came as he relentlessly pounded away. At the same time, Troy was still ramming his dick down her throat. Then, without warning, Troy came. His twitching cock was shoved straight down her throat & she had no other choice but to swallow every drop. He withdrew it & wiped her saliva mixed with his cum on her cheek. 

"Don't you fret now, Ol' Troy just gonna take a break & let someone else get a turn, but I'll be back. We got all day, right?" It was then, in horror, did Lena remember that she had told them she was home alone all summer. How long was this going to last? Rusty was fucking her so hard that when Troy stepped away, Lean slumped her face onto the carpet. Her body being trusted back & forth involuntarily. She then saw a pair of shoes next to her & felt someone lift her back to her head back to it's original position. Lena was now face to face with the biggest cock she'd ever seen & it wasn't even completely hard yet! It was at least 14" long & about 4" thick. It was one of the black guys, Ty.

"Don't make this rough now," he said as she looked into his light brown eyes, Rusty still pounding away at her pussy which was now sore. "All of us is gonna get our turn & leave. But we all gonna get our turn at everything. So you might as well try & enjoy it." And at that he waited for Lena to open her mouth & she willingly took his massive cock in as deep as she could. Rusty finally whipped his dick out of her slit and she felt his cum shoot hot onto her back. He moaned with satisfaction as she sucked Ty's thick cock, it's head as big as her fist. Lena then saw Tony slide under her. And, while keeping Ty's dick in her mouth, Lena let herself be pulled onto his already rock hard cock. He was just as long Rusty but twice the thickness. Lena moaned loudly as her pussy engulfed his shaft, feeling his balls press against her ass. Ty allowed her exhale and then put his dick back in her mouth for more sucking, she complied. Tony began pumping her fiercely, his balls slapping wildly against her ass. Lena grunted with every thrust as he slammed into the back of her pussy harder each time like Rusty did. She then noticed that Scott and Mike were both standing on either side of her. Mike took her hand & put it onto his immense shaft and Scott stepped behind her. She'd caught a glimpse of Scott's dick & it was average length but quite thick. Lena felt Scott put one of his fingers in her ass. Oh no! Lena's eyes opened wide when she realized what was about to happen. She tried to protest but Scott reached down & pulled Lena's arms behind her back, sitting her straight up onto Tony's cock.

"Put your dick back in her mouth man!" Scott said to Ty, "This bitch is going to scream like shit when I start fucking her ass." he laughed. Lena started pleading, she'd never had anal sex before & never imagined it would be with eight big men at once. 

"Please... please..," was all she could say as Tony's constant pumping from below caused her to involuntarily cum again. She felt Scotts dick pressing into her back. Ty grabbed her by the chin. "Oh God..." she whimpered as she also realized that eventually, Ty was going to fuck her in the ass too with his enormous dick. Ty, forced Lena's mouth open & slid his cock back in. Mike pressed his dick into the other side of her face as he moved her hand up & down over his shaft. Scott bent her over slightly with her arms still behind her back. Her large 44DDs swayed, with each thrust Tony made deep into her pussy, back & forth in Tony's face. He reached up and snagged a nipple & started sucking. Lena came again, she grunted with anger as she came. Pissed over her inability to control her own body's reaction to what she felt was rape. Scott wet his finger again & worked it in & out of Lena's extremely tight asshole. She shook again as she came once more. Scott gradually pushed the head of his cock into her ass, wiggling it back & forth as it slid in with difficulty. Lena shrieked & tears sprung to her eyes as she felt her asshole stretch to accommodate Scott's thick dick. And then with one sudden thrust, Scott was deep in Lena's ass. She felt as if she was going to faint. She opened her mouth to scream again but Ty slammed his dick into it and came down her throat, gagging her. Once again she was forced to swallow another load of cum. Scott started pumping her ass as he held her arms behind her back. Tony took both hands & pushed her tits together so he could suck each one quickly as he continued to fuck her pussy. As soon as Ty stepped away, Mike stepped up & crammed his dick down her throat. Lena started to gag again. Mike grabbed her roughly by the hair & her meet his eyes. Lena, grunting & groaning with each thrust either Scott or Tony would deliver, Mike's dick was still in her mouth & she accidentally bit the tip of it lightly.

"If you bite my Johnson bitch, I'll beat the shit out of you and then fuck you in front of everyone. You got that?" Lena nodded as best as she could. It was bad enough she was getting fucked by all of these men but she didn't want to get her ass kicked in front of all them to and then have them all watch her get brutally fucked afterwards like some TV show while they drank up all her liquor. She started sucking Mike's dick with a purpose.

"Lick my balls too, bitch. What, are they orphans or something? When I said suck my dick I meant the whole thing," he yelled. Lena stuck her tongue out & Mike put his balls in her mouth. She licked between them & sucked them both. Beneath Lena, Tony finally came. She felt his load shoot up inside of her while Scott proceeded with his relentless pounding of her ass. Without a word, Scott lifted Lena up, letting go of her arms but pinning her legs back, as he laid on his back. He impaled Lena up the ass as she was now forced to sit on his dick with her pussy wide open for the next dick to take it's turn. Mike kneeled down & jammed his cock hard into Lena. Her pussy was so tender from the two previous fucks she whimpered from the pain. Both her ass & her pussy were tight & hurting. Almost instantly, Scott came. she felt the warmth of his cum spraying inside her ass. Mike leaned her back, as Scott got up to get a drink, so that Lena was laying on the carpet.

"This is for almost biting my dick off." He pinned her knees above her head, pinning her arms too. And with out warning, drove his dick straight into her asshole. Lena shrieked again & tried to kick him off but Bill & Troy both came over and held her down as Mike tore into her ass with a vengeance. The others watched & cheered him on as he fucked her so hard in her ass that when he finally came, he was out of breath & drenched with sweat. Mike pulled his cock out, made Lena open her mouth & shoved his shaft into her mouth, shooting more cum down her throat. The bitter taste of her own ass mixed with the saltiness of all of the cum she'd been swallowing made her head spin. They all clapped for Mike. Troy & Bill let Lena's arms & legs go & she laid there for a second & then she realized that Bill was unzipping his pants & Troy's dick was hard again. She tried to get up & run but was so raw & worn out, she could barely stand. They all laughed at her, Rusty stopped her before she could run.

"Don't make us tie you up now, I had that planned for you & I when I come back later on tonight," he said, smiling to himself. Still nude, sweaty & sticky from cum, Lena leaned against a wall.

"If you come back here tonight, I'll have the cops waiting for your ass." she whimpered defiantly.

"Oh I don't think so. You see Billy here, has been taken pictures the whole time you've been so busy and all." Rusty retorted with his thick southern accent. He gestured to Bill who stood across the room holding a pop camera, his cock still half out of his pants, rock hard awaiting Lena's return. Lena's mouth fell open in shock.

"And if you call one cop, we'll be forced to post some of these here pictures on the internet or something. Maybe even mail a few of 'em to your neighbors. Hell, I'll bet your daddy'd even want a set of his own. I'm sure he's been wanting to get his hands on that tight little body ever since you started growing those tits." Rusty slid his hand up and cupped one of her tits, rubbing his finger across the nipple, her body betraying her, the nipple got hard.

"Hell... I'm starting to feel a little anxious right now, but I'm going to watch the show for right now, maybe get a few ideas for later on tonight." he said & then took his other hand & slipped it between Lena & the wall. Cupping her ass he drove one of his fingers into her now puckering ass & pushed her back towards Bill & Troy who were both waiting to get into her tiny pussy. Defeated, Lena walked back over to the next two whose turn it was to fuck her. Joe stood up, finished his drink & made his way to Lena too.

"I'll bet your little rich ass wasn't expecting this. You ain't the first little rich bitch we done fucked in this neighborhood. Seems too many of 'ems got husbands who are too busy fucking their secretaries & shit to give them any dick when they get home. And we are more than happy to pick up the slack. But I have to admit, you're the first virgin we've had & let me tell you this, we're going to enjoy the hell out of this summer!" he laughed, the others joined in laughing. "I hope you're on the pill 'cuz by the time we're through with you, you're going to have cum pouring out your nose. I plan on hitting that ass at least once before big man Ty ruins it!" he laughed again, dropping his pants exposing his now erect, rather large & thick cock. "Now, get down on your knees & be a good little bitch."

Lena sank slowly down to her knees, what had she done? She was now a sex slave to these eight men for the rest of her summer. If she told anyone, pictures of her would be posted everywhere. Even worse, her parents would eventually get copies & then what would happen? Lena took Joe's dick willingly into her mouth, she could feel Bill's rough hands fingering her clit from behind and much to her surprise she got wet. Bill took his wet fingers & drove them in & out of her ass. Lena sucked hard on Joe's cock as Bill shoved his dick into her still tight asshole. Lena let out a small moan of actual pleasure as Bill's shaft filled her ass, he started pumping her hard. He grunted with each thrust, Joe's eyes rolled back into his head as Lena decided she was now going to give in to the whole scenario & was giving Joe the blowjob of his life. She felt Joe's cock stiffen even harder in her mouth & she welcomed the burst of cum. Feeling the it's warmth as it slid down her throat. Joe laughed in disbelief.



"Damn girl!" he shouted, "Somebody fix me a drink!" He slapped Troy a high five as Troy stepped up to Lena's face again. This time she licked his balls first & then sucked hard on the tip before she took it in. With force, Lena felt Bill shoot his load deep in her ass. And she, herself felt chills as she came too. Troy led Lena to the couch, he sat down & pulled Lena backwards. At first she thought he was going to shove his big black dick into her little pussy but instead he squeezed the head of his shaft into her ass as he slowly pulled her back. She shuddered as she slid down on his dick until she felt his balls resting in her snatch. He held her in place as he fucked her from beneath. Plunging his cock in & out of her asshole until she whined to be released. He then pushed her forward, face first, onto the floor. Her ass was thrusted way up, his dick still in it he stood over her ramming his dick hard in her asshole. She moaned a little in protest.

"Shut up bitch!" he shouted & slapped her hard on her ass as a warning. The slap surprisingly made Lena cum. Troy felt it too. "Oh you like that shit." he said still fucking her ass. After a few more hard thrusts, Troy came inside Lena's ass & just as he stepped away, Joe positioned her doggy style & proceeded to fuck her in the ass too. Her cheeks jiggled wildly as each thrust almost knocked her over. Lena grunted again from this, each push going deeper than the last. When he came he whipped her around & sprayed her face full of cum. Afterwards, they told her she had to do a little show for them. Tony was going to take a shower with her & Scott & Mike went out for more liquor, the rest cleared the middle of the room as if she were actually going to do a show for them. They set the chairs & sofa & loveseat in a circle. Tony led Lena to the shower. While in the shower Tony ravaged Lena over & over again fucking her pussy then her ass. They were in the shower for almost an hour until finally he told her to wash up & come back to the living room quickly. Lena did just as he told her, remembering the photos. When she came back into the living room, everyone was dressed except Ty. She'd forgotten about him & his 14" long 4" round cock. Now, she was really scared. He stood in the middle of the circle wearing only his shirt. Even in it's half flaccid state, his dick was monstrous. Then she realized, Ty was going to fuck her while the others watched! Troy came up behind Lena & whispered in her ear.
