 By the end of June, Lena had settled into her new schedule. Monday mornings she met with Hank & his flavor of the week, Tuesday & Thursday mornings the trashmen had their turn & the weekends from Friday night until Sunday night belonged to Rusty who had expanded her availability to his customers to include the whole day Sunday. He'd made more than $18,000.00 from whoring her out. He was thinking about changing his night to Thursday so he could include Friday nights as well. Lena was buying condoms from directly from the internet in bulk & her own bedroom had become a make-shift dungeon as Rusty made no attempt to hide his toys from plain view now. Jagged, monstrous dildos & butt plugs of many widths & lengths hung from the walls along with whips, chains, leather straps & gags, cuffs, collars & objects designed to cause pain. Rusty had pierced both of her nipples one night, straddling her with his cock in her snatch as she twitched & writhed in pain while tied down. She also now had a total of eight tattoos. The first two then he'd added six more. Three were graphic pictures of sexual acts on her ass cheeks, (#1 a girl crying as she was getting fucked by a big black man. #2 a girl sitting getting fucked from beneath while sucking another dick. #3 a close up picture of someone being fucked in their ass & pussy at the same time.) The two on each breast read, "Attach Chains Here" just above the nipples with arrows pointing down to the newly inserted rings he'd affixed. The final one read, "Property of Rusty McCullen" just above the advertisement on her snatch.

Even after a month & a half of being fucked over & over again, Lena still hadn't grown accustomed to it all. Her little asshole & pussy would shrink right back to their normal state when she soaked in the tub or pool. So each new day would be just as agonizing as the first week. She was disturbed by her inability to keep from cumming when she was being banged by so many different men but she couldn't help it. 

It was Sunday night & Lena's last customer had just finished. He pulled the used, cum filled condom off his shaft & threw it into the over flowing trash can. It was 4:30am & she'd fucked a total of 52 men since the day before. She had made $5,200.00 for Rusty this weekend & the 4th of July was next week & it fell on a Friday. Rusty came upstairs to get his usual piece of ass before he left & told her that he'd finally decided to change his night of abuse to Wednesday. He was going to whore her out all weekend long from now on starting this Friday! Lena said nothing as she fought to hold back her tears. She bent over as he directed & braced herself as he slid his fist up her ass, she whined in pain. Rusty fist fucked her as he beat his cock off on her ass . Each thrust of his fist landed hard & Lena clutched the bed & moaned. In the end, Rusty deliberately came on the floor next to the trash can. Pulling his fist out of her ass, he commanded her to lick it off the floor. Lena got up & knelt down & saw that he'd cum in a spot where a lot of the used condoms had spilled some of their contents as well. 

"Clean that whole area, NOW!" he barked & picked up the trash can. There was a circle of cum that had dripped from the more than 60 condoms that had been used on her. Lena whimpered as she licked the floor clean. The salty taste of cum was overpowering. Lena sat on the edge of the bed when she'd completed her task. Rusty sat down next to her.

"That's a good little whore." he said while patting her on the head like a dog. "Now, this Thursday, I'm throwin' a little party downstairs in the rec-room. I done hired three fellows to help you put on a show for about 30 of our best customers. They've all paid $200 each to watch you... well, get "done" by my those three guys." he said with a slick grin on his face. Lena couldn't believe her ears. Not only was he whoring her out but now he had people paying to watch her get fucked too! And to the tune of $6000 in one night!

"Please Rusty..." Lena cried but he put his hand to her lips & his eyes were serious as he warned her silently to be quiet.

"Come on now, it's just one time for right now." Rusty cajoled. "I'm gonna have you do at least two a week in August so you might as well get used to the idea. Don't forget that you're here to make me money, bitch the way I see fit. And don't you go & get stupid on me, hear? I got my own copy of Billy's pictures & you sure do look nice with Ty dick in your mouth..." he said, reminding her of the trashmen's initial blackmail that started her whole sexual summer. Lena hung her head once more in defeat. "I'll be back Wednesday nights too from now on & just be naked & ready by 9 o'clock Thursday night. Am I clear?" he shot back at Lena.

"Yes Sir." Lena sighed. Rusty got up & left. Lena took a nap to prepare herself for Hank who would come by for his weekly fuck around noon.

Thursday Night!

Lena stood naked in her parents extremely large rec-room as it slowly filled up with men. Rusty stood next to her, directing where some of them could sit to get a better view. Lena was well rested for the first time in weeks as Rusty had called the trashmen & told them not to stop by for the whole week & they obliged. He said he wanted Lena as tight as she could be for her performance. Rusty had even ordered a small stage like one a four piece band would play on & had it set up in the middle of the room. Most of the men ogled her body & talked among themselves in high anticipation. Soon, three black men appeared in the room wearing nothing but bathrobes. A lot of the customers clapped for them as they made their way to the stage. Rusty pulled Lena by the arm & followed behind the guys. Her heart pounded as Rusty pushed her up onto the stage, Lena heard quite a few whistles & cheers for her tight, cute little body. And then a hush fell over the group as her three partners disrobed. Lena tried to maintain her composure, not one of them was under 12" long & 3 to 4" thick! One of the cocks had a head bigger than her fist! They all looked cold & uncaring, this was just a job to them. They got up on stage & started to fondle Lena everywhere. Somewhere in the audience she heard someone slap someone else a high five. 

Lena found herself staring at the enormous cocks as they grew harder by the minute. The one with the biggest dick pushed her down & put the tip of his dick in her mouth. She let him slide it in & out, tracing the outside of her mouth with it from time to time. One of them slipped his face under her & began to eat her snatch. She squirmed a bit each time he darted his tongue in & out of her soon wet pussy. He put his fingers in her pussy, she was tight & she let out a gasp as he slowly worked his fingers in & out of her cunt. She couldn't believe how wet she was becoming in front of all of these people. Across the room, Lena could see Rusty accepting more money from some of the men, was he planning to whore her out tonight too after being fucked by these monster cocks? She wondered. 

Lena sucked hard on the huge dick in her mouth, it's head twitched & the guy moaned in delight. Then she felt herself being lowered onto the cock of the guy beneath her. Lena yelped as she was pulled down until his balls rested soundly in her snatch. She could feel it ripping into her as she whined & squirmed to get away but the guy held her in place firmly & proceeded to prod deep thrusts into her pussy.

"Oh God! Ohhhhhh!" she yelled as he lifted her up & slammed her onto his cock faster & faster. The audience cheered as she felt her pussy stretch wide to accept his huge dick. The one in front of her pushed his cock back in her mouth. The third one got to work quickly as she felt him poise his cock at the entrance of her ass. Slowly he began to force his enormous cock into her asshole.

""Oh No... No! Noooooo!' she screamed as she felt her ass finally begin to give & the dick slide up inside of her. Lena threw her head back & screamed as both men rammed her now at the same time.

"Ohhh... ohhhhh." she cried as they pounded her with reckless abandon. Then the top guy picked her up & turned her so that she was facing the audience & lowered her ass down onto the bottom guy. He took his turn now at pumping her pussy. The third & biggest crammed his shaft into her mouth over & over again. Lena's screams were muffled by the dick in her mouth. And once again to her amazement, she came. The fucking was intense & she felt herself cum twice more. The bottom guy finally pumped huge loads of cum into her ass then the one on top put his dick in her face & shot cum up her nose & in her eyes as the third one kept his cock in her mouth the whole time. Lena thought it was over until the two spent guys got up & pinned her down for the last one, holding her legs open for him. She felt his cock at the lips of her pussy as he knelt over her. She could feel him try to press his dick into her but it wouldn't go in, it simply was too big but he worked at it. Lena screamed & shrieked as she felt her pussy tear & a little blood trickle from it as his cock finally started it's way into her pussy. The customers clapped & whistled as he slowly wiggled his way inside of her. Finally, it was in & he started pumping Lena hard & strong. Lena shook every time he pumped her.

"Oh God... oh GOD!" She whaled as his strokes became longer as he pulled his cock out almost completely each time & rammed it back into her. After about twenty minutes, she felt him pull out & position himself at the entrance of her asshole.

"Oh no, please don't do it... Nooo... Noooo!!! Oh GOD!!" she whaled as she felt him disregard her pleas & slowly push his monster cock into her ass. Lena felt her ass begin to tear & bleed too as he firmly pushed his dick in her ass. He fucked her so hard that if the other two weren't holding her down, she would have fallen off the stage. Suddenly after about another fifteen minutes of his pumping her ass while she screamed in torment, Lena felt his cock jerk and streams of cum burst forth in her ass. The sheer force of his shots of cum, took Lena's breath away. When he pulled out she could see small fleck of blood at the base of is cock & his balls had a smudge of bright pink blood well. They got up, the three men & were thanked by Rusty & Lena huddled on the edge of the stage in a ball, crying. Rusty walked over to her.

"Get your ass in a tub of cold water, I've decided you're going to work tonight too. You've got an hour to get yourself together bitch." he said shoving her in the direction of the door. As she left she heard Rusty announce to the crowd that he'd be sending them upstairs to Lena in groups of six at a time. She went up to what she called the money room & closed the door behind her.

She went into the bathroom & turned the water on for the tub, picked out an outfit & boots & started dumping condoms into the bowl while the tub filled up. When it filled, she slipped herself into it, munching on a burrito Rusty'd picked up for her earlier. The cool water soothed her tender ass & snatch. She could still feel the burn from the last guy's cum deep in her rectum. When she was finished with her bath & was perfumed & dressed, she sat on the edge of the bed & waited for the first group.

As they filed in, some of them commented about her "performance" while a few others warned her that they had called a few of their friends who were enroute as they spoke. They were all already rock hard from the show & as Lena started sucking one off, she heard multiple condom wrappers open behind her. A cock slid it's way into her pussy & began to hammer away at it & the weekend had begun.

Sunday Night

Rusty stood in room while the last two customers finished fucking Lena. They both took their condoms off & sprayed her mouth full almost at the same time with cum.

"Swallow it!" Rusty ordered & Lena let the cum slide down her throat. They didn't say a word to Lena, they just congratulated Rusty on the success of his new business as they dressed & walked out of the room. Lena laid back & thought about the past four days. She'd fucked 48 men plus the three monster cocks on Thursday, 63 the whole day Friday, 71 all day Saturday & 56 all day Sunday. She had to dump the trash can nine different times & restock the bowl twice a day. She was numb from all the action & surprisingly used to it now. And had actually came hundreds of times over the weekend. Lena now felt that she could fuck 100 men easy in one day with no problem. She also calculated the money Rusty had made off of her in one weekend. $29,800.00!! Adding the $18,000, he'd made a whopping $47,000.00 from whoring her out & she wouldn't even see a penny! Lena couldn't believe that she'd been fucked more than 400 times over the past months & Rusty promised her that August would be her busiest month. He also told her that he may have to have her continue somehow, but how? Her parents would be coming back in September & by that time she should already be back at school for her sophomore year.

After everyone left, Rusty fucked her wildly as usual only this time he wrapped his fist around his dick & shoved it in her pussy. He came jerking himself off inside of her with his hand deep in her snatch. Lena started to cry when he answered his cellphone & told a group of seven guys that it was not too late for them to come over. Lena started opening boxes of condoms & dumping them into the bowl as Rusty called & invited his four brothers over for free. She picked up the full trash can & went to dump it out. Lena still had the week ahead of her with Hank & the trashmen & they told Rusty that they'd be stopping by more than twice next week. And Rusty had told her to prepare herself because they really enjoyed the train they pulled on her weeks before & wanted to pull one on both Tuesday & Thursday. 

Lena sighed as she saw Rusty's cock start to get hard again when she came back. She knew he wanted to fuck her once more before the next customers showed up. He bent her over & slid his dick easily into her now very receptive asshole & began to pump vigorously she felt him begin to push his fist in her cunt. Her screams only made him fuck her harder.