 Lena felt Ty slip his cock into her ass for the second time as Mike finished shooting his wad in it. Just as Rusty'd told her, they were pulling a train on her ass for the third time this week. Rusty told Lena that he'd be out of town for the next two weeks & that Troy would be staying over the whole time he was gone, overseeing his business on the weekends. Lena grunted as Ty worked himself into a rhythm, piercing her asshole, slamming his thick dick up in her until she let out a cry for him to stop. He pumped her used asshole hard, driving his dick deep inside her backdoor. 

Eventually, she felt him pump his hot cum into the reservoir of semen already deep in her ass sprayed there from the previous 13 times she'd been fucked by the others. Troy uncuffed her from the bar & once again, she could feel the mixture of their issue begin to slide out of her now gaping asshole as she stood against the bar. Troy bid his co-workers good-bye & dismissed Lena like she was the help. Troy was staying in the second & much nicer guest bedroom, the one her married relatives would stay in when they would visit. Troy had met & approved of Hank's Monday morning fucks. He didn't want to watch but he didn't mind either. Lena decided to take up residence in her parent's room, since her bedroom was used for torture & the other guest room was used as Rusty's private brothel. 

Once in her parent's suite, Lena showered, changed into a white halter top & mini skirt. She'd stop wearing bras & panties because they were pointless, they only got in the way, especially with Troy in the house now. He would just bend her over, no matter where she was or what she was doing & fuck her until he was satisfied, cum, wipe his dick off in her mouth & walk away. Sometimes he would get in bed with her at night & fuck her countless times through out the night. Lena walked downstairs & sat dressed & ready. Rusty'd only been gone two days & already Troy had come up with a way to make money off of Lena too. Every weekday, until Rusty's return, Troy had been dropping Lena off at his brother's "Massage Parlor".

There Lena would be locked in a room for 12 hours straight as men would pay $50 to fuck her. A new one would arrive about every 20 minutes. She'd been screwed by so many men now, she'd lost count & days bled into nights as the constant line of dicks seemed never ending. Lena had finally given in to her life as a whore & was now enjoying her "Johns" & she would cum many times during her one on one's & also during the group fucks as well. She still had a hard time accommodating the large cocks & the gangbangs in her ass left her breathless but Ty insisted that she'd eventually get used to them as well. It was true, she could take his cock in her snatch & ass, it was still painful but she was learning to deal with the pain.

Soon Lena & Troy were on their way to his brother's parlor. Lena got more than her share of "Johns" there being one of only two white girls in the building & the only young one, the other one, she was told had been there for six years & was 33 yr. old. Lena stripped at the desk when they arrived as usual. Troy's brother searched her for weapons & would finger fuck her a couple of times while talking to Troy, he then led her back to one of the rooms & locked her in. She had a bathroom & a small TV to entertain herself with while she awaited her first "John" The first guy of the day didn't even let her sit down before she heard the key in the door. When he came in, she could tell by the way he slammed the door behind him that it was going to be rough. He started rubbing his shaft & she saw it's massive size through his jeans. Aside from the monster cocks she'd dealt with for Rusty's sex show, never had she seen such a massive dick on a white guy before. 

He told her to bend over, she did & almost immediately, she heard his zipper unzip & a condom wrapper open. After a few moments of being bent over, her ass & pussy open, waiting to be fucked, he slid his enormous cock in her snatch & began pumping wildly, each thrust hitting the back of her pussy hard, his breathing pace increased. He moaned as Lena could feel him enjoying how hard he was slamming into her cunt. He pulled the condom off & put the head of his shaft at the entrance to her ass & shot cum in it. She felt it drip between her legs & ooze onto the hairs of her snatch. He then took two fingers, scooped up some cum from between her legs & rammed them into her mouth.

"Eat my cum, bitch." Lena licked both fingers clean. He shook the rest off his dick & onto the floor, zipped up his pants & left. Three guys came in, just as he was leaving. 

No sooner had they closed the door, did they have their cocks out. They all took turns fucking her ass & snatch, driving their dicks into her mouth to drink load after load of cum while one of them pumped her. Lena then heard one of them decide to stick his dick in her snatch while his friend was pumping it as well. They held her down & she felt her pussy stretch wider than it had ever been as she felt two cocks start a steady pace, pounding in her little cunt. Lena screamed but they continued to drive both cocks into her snatch deep & hard. One whipped his out & rammed it up her ass & came, his friend joined the remaining one in her pussy, stretching it once more. Finally they both came & after she was made to lick their balls & cocks free of any pussy juice or cum, they left. Five minutes later, another "John" came in & closed the door, his dick as hard as a rock in anticipation. And the rest of the day & evening wore on. Lena counted today & she'd fucked 72 men that day, including the gangbang that morning. 

The sheets were stick with cum spots & hunger wasn't even a issue as she had swallowed so much cum that she was full. Troy's brother came in around 2:30am to have her suck his dick before she left. He was just pumping his wad down her throat as Troy showed up to take her home. Troy stood in the doorway & waited while she drank the last drops. Lena had showered & was ready to put her clothes on when Troy handed her a trench coat instead. Lena's heart raced, what was going to happen now?

"Ain't no need for you to even put your clothes on. I got a friend who I owe some money to & he said he'd call it even if he could have you entertain his new clients tonight." Troy said with a wide grin, "So we headin' over there for a while." Troy's brother laughed.

"That little pussy of yours can't catch a break, can it?" he chuckled. Lena put the coat on & followed Troy out to his car & got in. They drove across town & into a very seedy section. Even at 3am there were people still out talking, laughing, as if it were Three in the afternoon. Soon he parked his car near a building where there was at least ten men sitting &/or standing out in front of it & four more in the lobby. The building had no door & the only light in the main entrance flickered off & on. Lena could see two other men in the corner, sharing a crack pipe. Troy got out first & spoke to a few of them, obviously he knew some of them. 

"Hey man!" he said to one of them, "Have ya'll seen Jimmy?"

"Yea, he's inside waiting." his friend shot back at him. Troy leaned in & pulled Lena out of the car & then snatched the coat off! Screams & cheers roared as Troy lead Lena down the sidewalk & towards the building nude. Then evening July air tweaked her nipples as her skin flushed from embarrassment. Just as they got to the doorway, Troy stopped & announced, "If any of ya'll want a piece of this, talk to me tomorrow." The hoops & cries of "Yea!" crescendo-ed as they went through the doorway & down the hall. Troy knocked hard on one of the doors & it opened. Once inside, Lena saw the room was full of black men, about fifteen of them. She soon saw that she was going to be a party favor, shit! 

Troy's friend Lenny, as he introduced himself, walked Lena over to a bare mattress in the back corner on the floor & pushed her down on it. He unzipped his pants & let his monstrous black cock swing out. He bent Lena over roughly as she felt him rubbing himself against her inner thigh until he was hard. Lena tried to let herself get wet before he stuck it in but there wasn't enough time. Lenny slammed his thick cock into her snatch, dry & began to work it steadily. She let out a small cry as he quickened his pace, driving his thick, heavy shaft deep inside of her where so many others had just been only an hour before. He took his thumb, wet it & worked her clit, making her cum involuntarily & then began to pound her unmercifully. Lenny rammed his dick up her ass & came hard as Lena screamed at the strength & force of his cock going deep & suddenly into her asshole. She grunted as he popped the head out.

"Damn, that was some good shit." he said to Troy. "The Pussy's over here, if anyone wants any." he announced to his friends. Lena laid very still on the mattress as she looked around the room. She could see that the room was full of cocaine, some in large bags, some in smaller ones. Holy shit! Lena hoped that there weren't any cops around, she would go down with the rest of them. Soon another man made his way to her, unzipping his pants to display yet another enormous cock. He rolled her over & pinned her legs back & slowly pushed his dick into her asshole & slid it all the way up until he was balls deep. It was like being fisted by Rusty. Lena whaled as he started pumping vigorously, he leaned down & sucked hard on her large tits & nipples, making her cum once again. She felt her ass encircle his massive cock as she came, making the pain even worse. He drove it in & out faster & she felt his cum splash within her, mixing with the other loads prior to him. The man leaned over & kissed her on the mouth, Lena tried to fight him off, but he was too big. He jammed his tongue in & out of her mouth. 

"I'll be back for some more in a little while now, don't you fret." he smiled & got off of her. They all fucked her well into late morning. Some taking more than three turns each & once again, her belly was full of cum, her pussy swollen almost shut from usage & her asshole gaping wide from many 3" to 5" thick cocks pushing their way into it. Troy made her sit for a few minutes before they left so that the cum, which was seeping from her asshole, would not end up on his car seats. She put the trenchcoat back on & as she was leaving, Lenny threw her a good sized bag of coke. 

"You did a good job, bitch. If you ever need a pimp & you're ready to work the street, give me a call." he said. Troy said she could keep the coke, that wasn't his scene, so she did. He told her she had a whole day & night to get ready for Friday & that Rusty's customer's would start coming around 1pm. Lena didn't remember Troy carrying her into the house & putting her to bed. She was just grateful to awaken in it later that afternoon. 

She couldn't wait to get her hands on all of that coke. Her mouth salivated as she opened the bag & dug a wet finger in & sucked on it. Delicious! And there had to be at least 20 grams! Lena made herself two plump lines on her mother's hand mirror & rolled up a dollar bill. As she did the lines, she heard several small clicks behind her. She turned to see Troy with a camera... Didn't they have enough blackmail material?

To Be Continued...