 In quaint. 

Quaint is quiet little village in rural England. The kind of place that time ahs forgotten about but the tourists haven't yet heard of. They played cricket on the village green, in summer, drank locally brewed real ale in pub, ducks got fat on the bread thrown to them on the village pond, dutifully raising clutches of ducklings to amuse the village children each spring. The houses were mostly stone, and thatched, containing the same family that had owned it for generations. It could have been the place that William Blake wrote about when he penned Jerusalem.

It was in fact quite boring, especially for a thirty something divorcee nymphomaniac who'd moved there to run the library!

Ms Kimble stroked the head of her assistant Natasha as she lazily tongued her pussy under her desk. 

"What we need my dear is a man. One with a big cock, which can even satisfy your insatiable needs." In her mind a plan was forming. But right then she could only think about the orgasm that was boiling up in her loins as Natasha's very talented tongue battered her clit.

P.C. Matthews received the call about an hour later, trouble at the library kids being rowdy and rude. He jumped in his police car and sped off images of a very grateful Ms Kimble in his head as his siren wailed above. He arrived minutes later. And strode purposefully into the little village library.

"What seems to be the problem mam?" He asked of Ms. Kimble's pretty blonde assistant Natasha, not seeing anything amiss. 

"Oh P.C. Matthews we were so scared. There were loads of them; they turned up suddenly on motor scooters. We thought they were going to break the windows or rape us in our beds!" Some how this last comment didn't carry the same fear that breaking the library windows did. 

"Could you give me a description of the youths involved, perhaps a number plate of their bikes?" P.C. Matthews asked taking out his official note book and licking the end of his pencil.

"No sorry, it all happened so fast" Said Natasha, fluttering her eyelashes and blushing slightly "But we should have them on the cctv. Come into the office and I'll show you."

He followed her into the office at the back, staring at her perfect heart shaped arse in her tight pencil skirt as she switched her hips. 

"Can I get you" she paused and gave a little smile "Anything" She asked coating each word in honey and smiling coyly when he had to clear his throat.

"Err, a cup of coffee would be nice, and I aught to speak with Ms Kimble too if she's available" "I'll fetch her, Cream? Sugar?" 

"Err, yes and Err no" he managed, after a moments effort, she was a very attractive lady and she was being, well very suggestive. Maybe, thought P.C. Matthews, she's one of these women that like a man in uniform! He swallowed, "Could you show the recording of the miscreants now miss? He asked. She went to a stack of videos and put one into the machine.

"I've rewound it back to the right place you just have to press play" She said then turned to walk out of the room. P.C. Matthews followed her beautiful rear with his eyes, staring as it clenched and bunched with the clicking of her patent black high heels. She stopped in the doorway and turned suddenly, smiling as he blushed and cleared his throat again. 

"It was no to sugar, right?" She asked smiling "but yes to... Cream"

"That's right miss" She closed the door and chuckled as she went to find Ms. Kimble.

PC Matthews sat in the office chair picked up the remote control and pressed play there was a flickering image of the outside of the library with a timestamp in the bottom right hand corner he watched while nothing happened, then and after a seconds static there on the screen were two naked women on a desk in a 69 position, the one on top looked into the camera and the young P.C. was amazed to see it was Ms Kimble licking her juice wet lips as she slowly pushed a thick dildo up Natasha's beautiful arse. He stared for a second unable to move his cock growing rapidly in his uniform trousers. Ms Kimble tongued her assistants pussy and pumped her butt full of fake cock. The on screen Natasha moaned as she came in obvious orgasm. Just then Natasha walked in with the P.C.'s coffee. 

"Oh I'm so sorry" she said staring at her own stretched arsehole plugged with plastic as it filled the screen. "I must've put the wrong tape in!" She said blushing prettily as the stunned P.C. tried to hide the big bulge in his trousers and eject the tape from the machine. Ms Kimble walked in. 

"Oh my. What is going on here?" She asked staring at the pair of them blushing like school girls. 

"Ms Kimble I'm so sorry I've videoed over the wrong tape, I used the cctv tape to record you fucking my arse!" Natasha wailed.

"Oh you silly girl, that was the only evidence how will P.C. Matthews catch those horrible boys now?" Ms Kimble scolded, apparently more worried that her assistant had vidoed over the wrong tape rather than the fact it showed her in lesbian debauchery!

"I'm sorry, perhaps you should punish me?" Natasha suggested, twisting a little lace hanky in her fingers, her eyes down caste a humble.

"Its P.C. Matthews time you've wasted not mine, he should punish you." Ms Kimble said staring at the officer.

"Oh yes please, punish me, I'll do anything." Natasha said pleadingly as she fell to her knees in front of the shocked constable. 

"Anything!" She repeated as she looked up at him with an innocent look on her face. His cock was aching in his trousers. He wanted to be professional but was finding it very hard. Then Ms Kimble knelt beside Natasha. 

"I should be punished too." She said.

"What? Why what for?" P.C. Matthews was having difficulty keeping up with the events.

"One, for wasting police time. Two,for lying to an officer. Three, for improper dress of a public employee. And four, attempting to bribe a policeman." She listed staring up at him. With each statement she undid a button on her white blouse. The site of Ms Kimble's beautiful bra encased breasts slowly coming into view was too much for P.C. Matthews he stepped forward and took the magnificent pair in his hands. 

Natasha deftly unzipped him and reached into his pants. They both moaned when her fingers grasped his hot rod. 

"Good god Ms Kimble you were right, he's huge!" She couldn't pull him though his fly. She had to undo his belt and trousers and pull his shorts down to his knees. When he popped into view 10 inches of solid meat curving slightly left, both ladies gasped. Natashea gently stroked his oversized member mesmerised by its size. Ms Kimble now braless pulled P.C. Matthews handcuffs from his belt and snapped them round Natasha's wrists. 

"Now I think her first punishment will be to make her deep throat as much of you as she can." She said taking over stoking his cock.

Natasha didn't wait for a reply from the stupefied constable, she just opened her mouth as wide as she could and ran her long tongue around her pretty pink lips. All the while maintaining eye contact with him, staring lovingly into his eyes as she tapped his cock end on her cheek. She then licked all round his cock covering it with saliva. P.C. Matthews stood motionless unable to keep up with the speed of the events his brain just processing the amazing feelings of Natasha's skilled tongue dancing on his cock flesh and balls. Ms Kimble pulled him forward by his throbbing, glistening tool and grabbed a handful of Natasha's blonde locks and forced her willing assistant's mouth over the stunned P.C.'s big cock. Natasha squealed with delight to have the over sized organ pushed into her mouth. Her lips closed and she sucked as much as she could until the big head struck the back of her throat. P.C. Mathews groaned, no woman had ever given him head like this before and Natasha was very skilled. It was like a sucking, slurping soft lipped Hoover, with an ever moving tongue. It was in short the best blowjob he'd ever had and she'd only just started.

She gagged and tried to back off but Ms Kimble held her head in place. 

"That's not even half way girl, he's barely in your throat yet. Now like I taught you breathe deep through your nosed, push forward and swallow." Natasha's nostrils flared like jet intakes, she closed her eyes and relaxed.

"Much better." Ms Kimble said, stroking her assistants head. P.C. Matthews watched in horrified fascination as more of his cock disappeared from sight down the pretty blondes throat. He was getting the most unbelievable feelings as Natasha throat muscles caressed his head in ways he'd never felt before. He placed a hand onto her head and withdrew again amazed at the length she had taken, a lipstick line showed about eight inches from the pulsing head. He was unable to resist her mouth so guided her back on to his meat. He wasn't forcing her just guiding as she willingly swallowed even more her pulsing throat. Slowly he tested her depth gently pulling out and pushing back in until ever active tongue drove him wild with lust. 

He grasped her head in both hands he began sliding her sucking mouth up and down his prick. The cuffed girl groaned in satisfaction as she was truly face fucked, no man had ever treated her like this they were always so gentle and tender, thinking her a china doll not a wanton fuck toy made to be abused. None had been so well equipped either; Ms' Kimble had been so very right about the size of the young P.C. 

He was slamming into her now, using almost his full length to thrust into her as she gagged and gasped around him. This was what she needed, she craved. She wondered if he would last long enough to do her arse as roughly if he could even squeeze his fat pork sword up her tight backdoor.

P.C. Matthews was in seventh heaven, at first he'd been scared about hurting the petite little blonde, but she seemed to getting as much out of this blow job as he was if not more Natasha was moaning and groaning like a bitch on heat. 

"Oh officer?" He was broken from his rhythm by Ms Kimble. He looked up to see her laying on her desk, with her skirt around her waist and no panties on her stockinged legs obscenely spread and his night stick slowly being forced up her tight shaved pussy. 

"I think its time for MY first punishment." She mewed as her gash accepted more of the long truncheon.

He looked down, Natasha was pretty blonde and petite with the best mouth he'd ever experienced. But Ms Kimble was stunning! And he'd fantasized about her since he'd first met her last month when he'd transferred to the area. She looked like a raven haired angel of sin. And she had the most beautiful pussy he had ever seen. Swollen, pink and dripping and being stretched around his truncheon. 

"It's so cold and lifeless I wish it was your hot fat cock!" Ms Kimble breathed slowly pumping herself full of surrogate prick. 

P.C. Matthews couldn't resist, he pulled out of Natasha's gulping mouth and strode over to Ms Kimble leaving Natasha gasping, and rumpled. He grasped the nightstick by the ridged handle and pumped it into her a few times making her throw back her head and moan lustfully before pulling it from her with a pop. He quickly replaced it with his drooling, saliva slick knob, rubbing it up and down over her clit making her squeal and beg to be filled. 

"Fuck me P.C. Matthews. Fuck me with your big fat cock." She begged of him as he teased her.

"Is that your punishment then?" He asked gloating slightly as she tried to impale herself on his member.

"Yes, stuff my little kitty with your hot sausage; make me cum round every inch of it while you fill me with your seed!" He didn't need asking twice. He spread her lips with his fingers and she grasped his cock and steered it toward her entrance. 

"Do it!" She hissed. He shoved forward and buried almost his entire long, thick prick into her sweet, tight cunt. 

"Oh fuck yes!" They cried together, she was so tight and wet and hot he almost blew his load instantly, her skilled pussy clasped at him, tightening even further 'til he thought that his cock would be crushed in her slippery, vice like grip. He withdrew a little and shoved again forcing her to take even more. He felt his cock head thumping into her inner wall.

"Yes that's it, a little more and you'll fuck my womb!" She gasped on the edge of delirium; it had been so long since a man had filled her so completely stretching her to the limit and beyond, she shoved herself onto him to emphasize her point. 

He was surprised most women he'd had sex with in the past were afraid of his size, and hated being fucked so deep. He grabbed her ass in both hands and rammed into her with all his might. 

"Harder!" She screamed as her cervix opened and grasped his invading member she wrapped her legs around him and came like a train! 

"Fuck! Don't stop!" She cried sensing him slowing down, as she crested over into bliss, her slick pussy gushing juice all over him. 

"Yes, yes yes!" she moaned as he granted her wishes and kept up the relentless pace in her spasming pussy. Her eyes where closed and she tossed her raven hair back and forth with each of his massive thrusts.

The hand cuffed Natasha struggled to her feet, feeling deliciously used and dirty, if only he'd spanked her she'd be complete she might be the one cumming right now! She got unsteadily to her feet and walked over to the wildly rutting pair. Unable to use her hands she bent and started to suck on Ms Kimble's nipples to intensify her cum, keep her insane with climactic lust. 

"Keep fucking her!" Natasha ordered the P.C. switching tits, and as Ms Kimble's legs loosened from P.C. Matthew's waist. He found that her extra juices made her already delectable cunt feel like oiled silk on his thick member and he began thrusting into her slick sleeve even faster driving her onto yet another massive cum.

Natasha was bent over the desk, feasting on Ms Kimble's breasts and mouth. Her pretty bum was still covered by her tight skirt. P.C. Matthews slapped her making her sqeal with delight into Ms Kimble's mouth. He smacked her again and she wiggled her rear. With her hands still cuffed behind her she struggled a bit pulling her skirt up to reveal that she too wasn't wearing any panties. There was no mistaking the groan of lust when he spanked her bare arse, hard enough to leave a print. He found that spanking the dirty little blonde took his mind off Ms Kimble's clutching pussy still tightly wrapped around his long cock. He spanked her cheeks in turn slapping his hand down hard on her tight buns.

"Fuck her with this." Ms Kimble gasped between grunts, grinning wickedly as she held up the discarded nightstick. P.C. Matthews grabbed it, still glistening with Ms Kimble juice. 

"Hold your cheeks apart." He ordered Natasha, when she didn't obey he slapped her with the stick. 

"Spread 'um bitch!" he growled bringing the wet truncheon down again on her now red buns. She moaned with abandon as she parted her long legs and pulled her cheeks apart to reveal her pretty little pussy, dripping wet and puffy, and the puckered star of her anus.

"Fuck her like you're fucking me!" Ms Kimble's words spurred him on. He ran the blunt end down her back, tripping over her arsehole then over her slick lips causing her to groan wantonly. Her pussy parted to allow the false cock in and Natasha pushed back to force her tight little snatch to accept the intruder.

P.C. Matthews watched amazed as the two women took their respective shafts shoving and twisting and grinding onto the twin rods as P.C. Matthews tried to match the pace of both cock and truncheon as the ladies quivered around them.

He started slowly savouring the delicious feelings and ultra erotic sight; fascinated by the way the two women's pussy lips gripped and dragged on their thick phalluses. 

"Oh yeah Bitches. Oh fuck me this is so hot." He panted thrusting and grinding. He built up speed as he felt his cum boiling in his balls, unable to take any more.

"I'm gonna cum!" Ms Kimble groaned as her abused slot clamped down on its shaft. P.C. Matthews watched as the bound blonde desperately tried to cum too humping back hard on the nightstick. Her fingers crept down her back and buried one into her own arse hole. 

"Oh yes!" She screamed as he delving finger triggered her own noisy climax, spilling juice down the stick and running on to P.C. Matthews hand. 

He panted, closing his eyes and trying to do the nine times table in his head. Anything to distract him from Ms Kimble's milking pussy.

As Ms Kimble came down he wiped up as much of Natasha's copious liquid as he could then fed his slick digits to Ms Kimble. He pulled his cock from her gripping muff and the black baton from Natasha. He noticed that she'd squeezed a second finger into her tight butt and she mewed in disappointment until he lined up his thick prick to replace the fake one. 

"Slowly, only a very little at a time make her squirm and beg for it." Ms Kimble said sitting up to watch the young officer nuzzle the broad head into her assistant's hot box. 

"She still needs her punishment" the constable agreed grinning.

"No! Fuck me hard and fast. Bury that great cock in me, balls deep!" She pleaded 

"I know you want to. Oh please stuff all of it in me. I want it so bad, I need it." Natasha begged. But under the stern eye of Ms Kimble the P.C. just slid the domed knob into her assistants dripping, tight slot. He watched curious as her quaking pussy seemed to suck his cock in. Inch by inch he slowly drove her mad with desire until finally he was as deep as he could go. She was sobbing for him to ravage her. Her fingers sawed in and out of her asshole. 

Ms Kimble opened a desk draw and removed a tube. Then she poured some of the lube on to Natasha's busy fingers allowing them deeper penetration into her bowels.

P.C. Matthews had to use all his self control not to blow his load right then, these two beautiful women where hotter than anyone he'd ever had the luck to see naked and they were easily freckliest! Lesbianism, bondage, bazaars penetrations, deep throating S and M and now anal! 

His slow progress into Natasha's cunt was driving her wild. "Oh god it feels like I'm being split apart, please just fuck me." His cock was almost all in now he took a tight grip on her fantastic rump and slammed home. She screeched in blissful agony he pulled out slowly and slammed in again then again, she really did seem to love plenty of pain with her pleasure.

Natasha was now in ecstasy her pussy flooding in almost constant orgasm. Ms Kimble grabbed the constable round the neck and kissed him hard and deep thrusting her tongue down his throat. 

"He's gonna blow!" Natasha panted feeling his deeply buried dick throb and swell. 

"Cum on our tits!" Ms Kimble ordered. He quickly pulled out of Natasha and the two girls got on their knees before him. Ms Kimble ripped the blouse from her assistant and her bra followed quickly after exposing her small pert breasts. The site of her erect nipples and Ms Kimble's impressive rack was enough to fire off his pent up load as he pumped his cock with his hand. 

"Aghh!" He cried as he spurted great gobs of cum onto the pair's beautiful breast. He shot once onto Ms Kimble straight between her big boobs. The second splashed on Natasha's left nipple. Natasha grabbed him and gobbled him sucking even more jism from his jerking rod swallowing almost all of him. Ms Kimble smacked her hard on her bare bum making her yelp in surprise and give up his cock. Ms Kimble quickly covered it with her own sucking lips as she looked up at him and all his fantasies came true at once. He managed to fire off one last shot into that beautiful face before sagging back onto the desk. 

"Wow! You girls are the best!" He said as he watched them clean each others chest with their tongues, then swapping the cum back and forth 'til it was gone. 
