 Lena's mouth opened to let Mike spray his cum down her throat. Not satisfied with that, he jammed his cock in her mouth as well, causing her to gag. Meanwhile, she could feel Tony's dick twitch in her asshole as he pumped Lena harder & harder. Finally, he blew his wad too. The trashmen had been stopping by everyday since Rusty was out of town. Gangbanging her until she couldn't stand. They knew that Rusty was due back today & that they would have to go back to their regular schedule. Ty's thick black dick had been in her ass so much that she was afraid it would never go back to it's original size. Sometimes he would make her sit, bent over in front of him while he was sitting in a chair with his cock in her ass while he was having a drink. Troy mentioned something about Rusty fixing "all that" when he came back & not to worry. Lena wondered what that meant.

When the trashmen left, so did Troy, saying that Rusty'd be by around noon. He also said that Rusty wanted Lena in regular clothes & to be ready to leave when he came. Lena ran as soon as they left to take her shower & change for Rusty. She did not want to incur Rusty's wrath. By 11 o'clock, Lena was dressed in a red silk sun dress & matching red high heeled sandals. She'd also painted her nails & toenails red & was wearing deep-blood red lipstick. Her large, thin gold hoop earrings glinted through her jet black hair which had grown so that it just cupped her ass gently. Lena even put on her gold toe ring & arm bracelet. She slept on the sofa awaiting Rusty's arrival.

Suddenly, Lena awoke to Rusty rolling her dress up over her head. He sucked hard on her tender nipples, grabbing & pulling on the rings that pierced them. He rolled Lena over & pulled her into the doggystyle position & after assuring himself that she was dry, wiggled his big cock into her snatch & thrust hard. Lena gasped & whimpered as he began to pump her hard. His dick driving itself deeper & deeper with each strong thrust. Lena came twice through her tears of pain. But before her pussy juices could lubricate his cock, Rusty pulled out & proceeded to push his way into her dry ass. He let out a grunt of satisfaction as her heard her whimper in anguish. Her crying only made his thrusts more intense, slamming his shaft hard & deep in her asshole, his balls slapping her now wet pussy. Finally, he shot his load in her ass & drove the cum in deeper as he continued to pump her until his dick started to go soft.

"Go get cleaned up & meet me outside." he commanded as he picked up her car keys.

"Yes Sir." she said, barely above a whisper. Lena went & took yet another shower, put on more lipstick & her dress again. By the time she walked out to her driveway, Rusty had the top down on her car & was sitting in the driver's seat with the car running. Lena opened the passenger's side & was about to sit down gingerly, her asshole still sore from being fucked in it so many times that morning.

"You better not be wearin' any panties, are you?" he shot at her. Lena shook her head no, still standing next to the car. "Good," he reached into a small paper bag & produced the largest butt plug she'd ever seen, 6" long & 5" wide. It had a nub in the front so that it would rub against the wearer's clit & a ball at the base to ensure it couldn't be pushed out. Rusty put it on the passenger seat. "This outta make your ride a little interestin'." he said. Lena hesitated. "Bitch you better get yourself onto this right now or I'll bend you over this car & put it in your ass myself!" he growled. Lena raised her dress slightly as she got into the car. 

She slowly lowered herself onto the massively thick & long butt plug. It inched it's way into her sore asshole, stretching it wider & wider until she thought it was going to split. Rusty pulled her into the seat hard so that the last inch or so slammed all the way into her ass along with the ball at the end. Lena let out a cry & a small whimper as the nub caused her to cum, tightening her asshole around the intrusive object. Lena squirmed & tried to escape it but the more she squirmed, the more she came. 

Her asshole encircling the plug over & over again. Rusty pulled out of the driveway & began to purposely hit bumps & holes in the street as the made their way out of her neighborhood. Lena, unable to help herself now had her head back & was letting out loud grunts of pleasure as the nub battered her clit in a frenzy with each bump, the plug being driven deeper into her asshole as well. She had her eyes shut & didn't care who saw her as she started fingering her own nipples, making her cum even harder to her surprise & delight. Soon, she had unzipped Rusty's jeans to reveal his erect cock as he watched her with great interest. Lena bent down & took Rusty's dick into her mouth while he drove. Soon, Rusty saw a truck stop & pulled in behind the building. There were about seven truckers hanging out back of the place. Lena was still cumming as Rusty pulled her out of the car, the truckers watched with interest as well.

"Oh fuck me Rusty... Fuck ME!!" Lena shouted as she bent herself over the car & raised her dress. Rusty turned the plug so that her pussy was exposed & jammed his dick into her dripping wet cunt & pumped hard. Lena, for the first time, rode Rusty as hard as her rode her. Letting his cock slam into the back of her pussy, stretching her wide open in front of the truckers who were now cheering them on. Rusty fucked Lena with everything he had, pushing the plug in & out of her ass as he did. Lena's pussy vibrated & throbbed as she came again & again against Rusty's shaft as he gasped & let out groans of mutual pleasure. He came hard in her pussy, harder than he'd ever cum before.

"Get them... uuhh Get them too... uuhh oh!" Lena said, motioning to the truckers as she stammered between orgasms. She stayed, bent over the car, her dress over her head as Rusty negotiated the money from them. They could see Lena cumming as Rusty had put the nub back into place. She writhed on the car, aching to be fucked, the pouty lips of her pussy clearly visible. They all lined up to fuck her. One cock after another jabbed her pussy, much to her delight. Eventually, the word of about the horny little whore leaked into the building & parking lot out front & soon, Lena had fucked & sucked the whole truck stop. Making Rusty a quick $4800.00. 

She'd even did two car loads of cops. They said it was the best fuck they'd had in a while. It was the best fuck Lena'd had in her life. Afterwards, she took a gym bag she had in her trunk, walked over to the public shower, stripped & showered with the door open the whole time. Cheers & whistles were abound the entire time. In the end, Lena was clean & had changed into a white tank top & a pair of cut off jeans & her high top white sneakers & socks. She waited in the car as Rusty told the cops about his "business" & paid them to inform other cops to "look the other way" when it came to any issues concerning Lena's address. They complied when Rusty offered them 10% of his monthly earning each. They all shook hands & the cops told Rusty they'd even send quite a few clients his way.

When Rusty got back in the car, he gave Lena two pills to take. Rusty said they were "uppers" & that he wanted her to keep her new attitude towards the clients & also reminded her that she didn't really have a choice. Lena obeyed & took them. The last thing she remembered was Rusty pulling up in front of a doctor's office, after that everything went black.

Later That Evening...

The pain in Lena's snatch awoke her as it shot like bolts of electricity up her spine. She opened her eyes to find that she was in her parent's bed, in one of her old nightgowns. She was wearing underwear for the first time in months. Had it all been a dream, she wondered? The illusion was shattered when she noticed a big bottle of prescription medicine on the nightstand with two envelopes. One in Rusty's handwriting & another amazingly enough, in her father's. Lena opened Rusty's first. It read:

Take the pills, they're for pain. You should consider yourself lucky I even got them for you. I'll see you in two weeks, you should be healed up by then. I had your virginity put back in. I have a friend who's a plastic surgeon and he did it for me. He took a little piece of that ass while you were sleep for payment, I know you don't mind. It'll be my Christmas gift to you in December when we go back again. See you in two weeks.

Rusty

What in the fuck had he done to her now? Lena took her hand & ran it between her legs, she could feel stitches in both her ass & her cunt. Shit! She'd heard about this & even had a friend who'd had it done before she got married but she really never believed it could actually be done. She took one finger & tried to go inside her pussy but the only finger she could fit in was her pinky. It only went about two inches before it hit her new cherry. Her hole now was as small as it was when she was twelve! Even her asshole had been tightened so that she could barely fit her pinky in as well. The pain was excruciating & Lena opened the bottle & took out two pills & took them with the water Rusty'd left for her. She went to her parent's bar in the room & opened a fifth of tequila, took a drink & prepared herself for her father's letter. There were no post marks so it had been hand delivered, but by who? Lena opened the letter & read:

Lena,

I cannot believe how you have humiliated this family and I have to find out about it from this two-bit punk who calls himself Rusty. I sent for him after you serviced four of my employees, unbeknownst to your our friend. I should have known when I met your mother that the baby she was carrying would turn out to be just as much of a whore as her mother. That's right, I'm not your father and I'm glad to say it. That's why I sent you away to boarding schools but now you've ruined our reputation in Boston. I had to fire those four people. I have decided to move my company's Headquarters to New York City. I have 

arranged to have movers come pack and send our things...

Tears swelled in Lena's eyes as she read her father's letter further. Discovering that neither he nor her mother were ever coming home, that they considered her dead in their eyes. They were giving her the house, a monthly allowance of $20,000.00 & full use of all of her credit cards; the bills to be forwarded to a P.O. Box her father had set up as he did not want her to know his new address. She was allowed to lease a new car every two years. Most girls would die for that type of freedom but it came at the cost of never seeing her mother again. Lena really didn't give a shit about her father. He never treated her like a daughter the whole time she was growing up, he treated her more like a thorough bred race horse than a human being. So the fact that her was not her real father didn't phase her. But she would miss her mother, no matter how flightly she was. Lena drank the rest of the tequila & eventually fell back to sleep.

Two Weeks Later

The two weeks seemed to fly by as lawyers came by with papers for her to sign, deeds & bank account numbers set up by Alan, her step father. She didn't even bother to ask about college as she knew now he would never pay for it again. The movers came & removed her parent's clothes & the safe was taken from the wall & replaced with a new empty one for all of her things. Lena had taken the liberty of stealing two of her father's Rolex watches & replaced them with pictures of her fucking Ty. What the hell, she figured, he didn't even let her try to explain what was going on so fuck him. She hocked them both for an even $250,000.00 & opened her own bank account with the money. She also included a letter telling him that if he ever thought of cutting her off completely that she would show up on day at his headquarters in NYC, butt naked & offer to fuck the entire office for free. Lena knew he'd NEVER risk that happening, she had him by the balls.

Rusty showed up at the end of the two weeks, just as he said. She greeted him at the door with her collar on, awaiting him to tear into her new virginity with a vengeance, but he didn't. Instead, he had her suck his dick while he checked out her new, tight holes with his fingers. He took his pinky finger & darted it in & out of her pussy & asshole, both encircling his finger as if it was a large cock.

"Damn! I'm going to enjoy the hell out of fucking you after your "special" customer is finished." he said, "Do you know what the going rate is for an 18 year old virgin. Shit, my phone never stopped ringing, a lot of your cop friends were vying for the privilege, but I had to go with the highest bidder. $5000.00 for two hours. And this old boy wants it video taped."

"Yes, Sir." Lena said. She wasn't afraid about the pictures anymore but she was afraid of Rusty. He was violent & crazy & now that the cops were in on the whole thing, who could she turn to? Even her next door neighbor had stopped coming by after he found out the house was going to become a whore house in the evenings & weekends. He said he was going to put his house up for sale & Rusty said he might buy it since it was the only house on the block that had a view into her back yard & house. Her neighbor had also found a man & wife team who were looking for a permanent third to move in & they lived on further out on the cape. Good riddance to bad rubbish, Lena thought when he told her. But for the first time in her life she was more scared than she was before all of this happened. Her pussy & ass were so small now, how would she ever get used to sex again? Rusty also informed her that the trash men were going to keep their Tuesday & Thursday morning gangbangs. Lena shivered at that thought now, of Ty squeezing that 14" cock of his into her even smaller holes now. But Rusty wanted her to go upstairs & prepare for her "De-flowering". Lena obliged.

Once upstairs, she put her hair in a ponytail & tied it with a white ribbon & put on a pair of thigh high white hose & matching white garter belt & her white high heeled shoes with the silver heels. This was the outfit that Rusty wanted her to wear, no clothes, nothing to get in the way, as he put it. He even put a small white gift wrapping bow on Lena's delicately shaved pussy & took out her nipples rings. Rusty set the camera up at the end of the bed as Lena sat on the edge of the bed awaiting her fate. Rusty left the room & after ten minutes or so, Lena heard a splash in the backyard, he was swimming in the pool & had set up a six pack of beer on ice next to the shallow end. When was this all going to happen? And Lena was surprised that Rusty didn't want to watch the whole thing. Just then, Lena heard the bedroom door open & a voice she recognized.

"I paid him an extra $500.00 to give us a little privacy..."

Lena's mouth dropped open in shock as she turned from the window to see who it was.

"Did you think I was going to let someone else de-flower my little angel for the second time? Daddy's going to teach you a few things about being a good little whore."

It was ALAN, Lena's step-father. He stood in the doorway with his rock hard dick bulging in his pants. He took his belt off & chased her over to the bed. Lena's tits jiggled wildly as she ran. Once she was on the bed, Alan kicked the bedroom door closed & turned on the camera. He began to angrily undress.

"Steal my watches, whore yourself out to my employees, the whole neighborhood is talking about how you've been fucking the trash men... I figured I should see how good that little cunt of yours was for myself!" he shouted as he let his pants drop to the floor. His dick jutted out in front of him in a raging erection. It was at least 2" thick & about 9" long! Lena started crying but to no avail, soon he was on top of her. He spit on his hand & lubed his cock. Lena squirmed & tried to get out from under him, he picked up his belt and beat her mercilessly until she howled in pain. She knew now not to fight him anymore, this was going to happen whether she liked it or not. Again Alan positioned her in the missionary & lubed up his dick, pinning her legs back, he started to rapidly wiggle his fat cock into her snatch. Lena felt her cherry slowly pop & tear as Alan's thick, long cock forced it's way into her tiny pussy hole. She whaled & screamed as the pain tore into her as his dick ripped it's way into her cunt. Finally, he backed out all the way & rammed his throbbing shaft hard & deep into Lena's new virgin pussy, slashing away any leftover resistance it had. He began pounding Lena hard. She had felt her new virginity rip as Alan issued forth his rock hard massive cock into her cunt, slamming into her so hard that she was sinking down into the bed with each thrust. Alan's anger drove him to fuck her harder than he'd ever fucked anyone in his life & soon he pumped two load of cum deep into her cunt. Lena cried, but at least this part was over she thought. Alan was much older than Lena's mother. He had turned 60 on his last birthday & she knew older men took longer to become erect again. But when she opened her eyes, she was wrong, his large cock was still hard as a rock. He smiled a wicked grin.

"I've got one word for you... VIAGRA." he said harshly & at that flipped Lena over. "Now let's work on that cute, puckering little asshole of yours..."

Lena started whimpering as he took her pussy juice & lubed his cock again. He poised his thick dick at the entrance of her ass. She felt the head throbbing as he tried to wiggle it in, she shrieked in pain. At first, it wouldn't go in. But then he pressed hard & soon his massive dick was powerfully inching it's way into Lena's asshole as she writhed in pain. Alan put more spit on it & soon he was able to slam it balls deep into her ass. Lena moaned as he hammered away at her asshole, shoving his cock deep each time he thrusted. Lena eventually relaxed & let it slide in deeper, soon she was arching her back to let him go balls deep with each pump.

"Oh, you're starting to like it, huh slut?" he growled as he pounded her asshole harder. Lena found herself cumming hard as he pumped another load of spunk inside of her. Another five minutes later, he was sliding into her pussy again. And it went on like this for two hours. And Lena sucked & fucked Alan over & over again until they were both spent. When he was done, Alan put his clothes. He handed Lena a round trip ticket to the Greek Islands dated for October of that year.

"Once a year you will meet me, I'll mail you the ticket & you'll be MY personal whore for a two weeks. I don't want the neighbors to know I'm fucking my prostitute step-daughter too. Do you understand?" he said coarsely, "I hope you're happy in your new found career." And at that, he walked out. 

Later...

Lena stared at the ticket for a few minutes & then she realized, he'd forgotten the tape. Hmmm, blackmail... Lena showered & joined Rusty in the pool naked, a copy of the tape safely locked away in her new bedroom safe. As she swam up to Rusty & he tossed her a beer she thought, I am happy in my new career. She was sure that one day, Rusty would tire of her & move on to younger meat & after that, she was set for life as long as she had her video tape.

"Rusty, let's drop that master/slave bullshit & order in some lobster & crabs tonight & get fucked up on tequila." she said.

"Okay. How's DADDY?" he said, thick with sarcasm.

"Oh, he's fucked." Lena smiled to herself.