 Mark turned and looked to see Ngwane and Nombi, both completely naked and looking lustfully at him and Thulani. The woman was beautiful, her small breasts tipped by hard nipples, her shapely thighs, and her shaven pussy, all coming together erotically in the flickering shadows. But, despite himself, Mark was captivated by Ngwane's cock right above him, dark, hard, and long, raised proudly from his groin. His testicles were hung loose and large, and Mark watched the man's genitals with fascination.

The music had quickened and the drums beat a fast beat. Around them, groups of twos and more were undressing or coupling. A group of three or four men were actively stroking around a couple that were bend over and engaging in almost violent doggy-style sex.

But all Mark could see in that instant was the cock, inviting and calling, framed by the night sky.

"My sexy man," he heard Thulani's voice, throaty because of lust, "I want to watch you suck Ngwane's cock..."

He spun around in shock to look at her, amazed that she had read his thoughts and even more that she had voiced them. His fingers were still in her pussy, and he felt it tighten as she giggled at his shock.

Nombi knelt beside Thulani, kissing her breasts, and then pulled at Mark's hand, his fingers glistening with cum. She licked the cum off, and said "I will take care of my baby Thulani. You do what she has asked.... and make sure we can see it all."

She reached down and kissed Thulani, a deep hungry kiss that was returned with passion. Thulani's hands reached for Nombi's breasts, and the nipples, already hard, seemed to get even harder at the touch.

He turn back, not knowing what to do next, his lust and apprehension confusing him. How would he even initiate this?

He needn't have worried.

Right in front of him, was Ngwane's cock, rock hard, the huge cock head aimed right at his eyes. The little slit invited a lick, the tiny lips barely visible but wet. He reached tentatively with his tongue and traced the slit with the tip. There was a slight tremor in response, and it seemed as though the cock head actually grew.He reached out again and traced more of the cock with the tip, and he became aware of a familiar taste - and realized it was pussy juice, probably Nombi's. Ngwane had just fucked Nombi!

He felt the plump cock head, soft cheeks on either side of the head, and shuddered. Then he suddenly felt naked flesh against his back, and the impression of two breasts triggered delicious sensations, especially as he felt hard nipples scrape his skin. With decisiveness, Nombi's hands reached out on either side, grasping his and guiding him to Ngwane's cock. With another thrill, he felt the powerful, rock hard cock in his hands, the thick veins snaking the entire length. And he could feel Nombi excited against his own body, she was rubbing her pussy against his butt, her breath coming in short gasps.

She then gently pushed the back of his head, and with a sharp breath, he felt Ngwane's cock enter his mouth, hot and slick with Nombi's juices. With his lips, he grasped the hard pole and sucked on it, taking in the whole length. His hands now reached for Ngwane's butt and he pushed him deeper into his mouth, bobbing his head as he did so, enjoying the sensation of the cock in his mouth.

He felt Nombi fall away gently to his side, and he almost choked at the sight of the two women looking at him - Thulani, eyes heavily lidded with lust, was lying on the mat and watching him suck Ngwane's cock. And Nombi had her busy fingers working on Thulani's pussy, also looking on at him.Then she bent lower and started to lick Thulani's clit, slowly but deliberately. Thulani gasped at this new touch, and with one hand she grabbed a handful of Nombi's beaded braids, sensually feeling them and then pushed her down to her hungry pussy. With her other hand, she was guiding Nombi to her heavy breasts, and the two hands massaged, pulled, teased with increasing passion. Nombi's fingers continued to work deeper into Thulani, quicker, and her tongue kept licking harder. Thulani's pelvis started to push upward, with the same quickening rhythm, and now her breath was being accompanied by moaning, moaning that was turning into yelps of pleasure.

He grabbed Ngwane's butt cheeks harder, fully turned on and loving what he was doing, a sense of freedom and command filling him, as he sucked in time with the women. This was it! This was what life was all about, he realized in the jumble of thoughts filling his mind. Sure, he needed to continue working and earning, but this ... this was the reason for living, not the money.

And it was not about him either - it was about giving to others.

Damn, he understood now, he knew what salsa was all about.

He loosened his shorts and let fall around his knees. Then he dropped his boxers, kicking them both off, and finally freeing his hot, thick, and hard cock.

He felt rather than heard Ngwane's deep groan as he sucked the hard cock.

With a quickness that surprised himself, Mark grabbed Ngwane's cock at the base, and held it tightly as he scrambled over to Thulani, positioning himself over her mouth, his own cock, hard and throbbing with pleasure inviting her tongue. He knew what she wanted, and knew she could now see two cocks, and feel Nombi on her as well.

With a cry, Thulani grabbed Mark's cock and drew it into her mouth. She sucked on it, looking up at him, as he went back to working on Ngwane, his mouth on the firm flesh. She seemed to relish it, and her cool tongue wrapped itself around his cock in appreciation. He felt her soft cheeks suck in on him, and he gasped, choking on Ngwane. Ngwane was now groaning again, and then Mark tasted a tiny dribble salty squeeze out of the slit. Pre-cum! It wouldn't be long now. He reached out and cuddled the heavy testicles, enjoying the weight, massaging the balls in the scrotum.

Then, for a split second, it seemed as though Ngwane's cock had actually grown even thicker, and then it convulsed, fluid pumping through the tube, exploding in heat inside his mouth. Semen filled his mouth and spurted out of the corners, dribbling down his chin and down onto his own cock. With a hungry moan, Thulani flicked out a delicate pink tongue and licked off the cum. He licked and swallowed the rest of the cock, and Ngwane moaned, shuddering, and slowly fell softly onto the ground.

His first blow job! Mark was excited, extremely aroused, but he knew he had to wait. He made himself more comfortable, resting gently on his haunches, and letting Thulani suck deeper. His butt rested on her breasts, and he reached back with one hand and cupped her soft, full breast. His fingers touched her soft skin, and he showed her he appreciated it by moaning softly. Instantly, her sucking took on more urgency. Smiling wickedly down at her beautiful face, her mouth working intensely on his cock, he found her pebble-hard nipple and twisted it gently. With a gasp, she started to cum. Behind him, Nombi was still massaging Thulani's pussy and was not gentle as she worked her clit with hardworking lips and tongue.

With a loud cry, Thulani let go and came, her cries of orgasmic passion mixing with similar moans around them. She reach up and scratched Mark's back with strong fingers, and he became rough with her nipples, both hands now behind him, pulling and twisting the nipples. Thulani pushed out his cock from her mouth and, arching her back, screamed with pleasure as her whole body shook with passion.

Nombi grasped her pelvis and held on tight, licking firmly, and Mark spun off Thulani, coming to a rest alongside her. He roughly took one of her nipples in his mouth and nibbled it as his hand crushed her breasts.

With even more cries, she reached several peaks, until she fell back to the ground, panting heavily.

Mark grinned down at her and then kissed her softly on her lips, turning his attention to Nombi.

She had fallen on her back and her legs were wide open, inviting him in. Her hand was playing with her clit, and her eyes were on him, a curious mixture of desire and aloofness. Aloof as though she suspected he would not be able to satisfy her.

"Nombi, I am sorry that I was so selfish this afternoon..." he started to say as he moved towards her, his cock aching to enter her.

"You should also be apologizing to me, you fucker," Mark heard Jenny's cheerfully carefree voice behind him. She walked gracefully, naked and exotic, her breasts swinging gently, to where Nombi was lying and knelt beside her, kissing her. Her hand snaked down, between Nombi's legs, and the two kissed even more passionately.

"How are you going to make it up to both of us, New York boy?" she said, breathing heavily, "Nombi wants you to fuck her hard, but I want you to make me cum - and cum in me."

"Ah man," Mark's balls and cock were now aching from needing to cum.

"You better do it," she said, with a stren voice that failed to convince.

He lay alongside Nombi, and then pushed her to lie on her side, with her back to him. He prodded her gently, and she raised her upper leg up, then draped it over his leg. She reached down, and the two of them inserted his cock into her warm, wet pussy. His hands covered the small breasts.

"Ah," she whispered thickly, "My vagina was aching for you...."

"And my cock for you, beautiful woman," he said.

"If you want me to cum in you, Jenny," he said throatily, "If you want to have any hope, you better make Nombi cum quickly. My cock feels tight at home in her, and I cannot take too much punishment..." 

Jenny giggled and kissed Nombi again, her hand again down between Nombi's legs, her fingers plying the pussy lips, getting slick with pussy juice. Mark felt her hand brush against his cock and balls, and he bit down on his lip. With renewed effort, he started to ram hard into Nombi, enjoying her gasps of pleasure. He felt his cock slide into her, his cock head brushing against her firm flesh, each such brush almost excruciating in the pleasure, "My queen," he moaned, as he continued to push deep into her.

"My prince," she panted back, "Go deeper, deeper, my lover."

Jenny, her fingers now covered with the thick cum, reached up and started to touch Nombi's exposed clit, that was now rubbery and firm, standing up, a little horn. She massaged it, making circles around it, and all the while, Mark was pumping Nombi's pussy with deep, hard thrusts.

"Oh, my heavens," Nombi cried out suddenly, "Oh!"

Jenny kissed her mouth once more and quickly moved to her pussy, her mouth finding the firm clit. With evident pleasure, she sucked on it, and then nibbled on it.

That did it.

With a sharp cry, Nombi started to orgasm in Mark's arms, her body shuddering with pleasure. Her pussy clenched onto his cock, but he kept ramming her, each long stroke submerging his cock in pleasure.

Nombi whimpered her surrender, and she fell from his grasp.

"Not bad, my good man," Jenny looked at him saucily, "You got two women and one man tired out. I wonder if you can hold out for me..."

"You started this whole lesson, wench," he growled with evident pleasure, "So I will end it with you."

"Ah, I like a man who is up to a challenge... " she whispered back, her voice low with lust.

She got on all fours, and offered up her butt end to him, "Let's see what you can do, you fucking dog..."