 He was tied to the bed. Naked. Arms outstretched and secured to the sides of the headboard. His feet were secured at the bottom. There was a blindfold over his eyes. The room was dimly lit. There was a soft music playing in the background. The air was cool, not cold.

It seemed as if all his other senses were compensating for his eyes. He heard every sound and could feel every sensation. The cool air made him shiver ever so slightly when it moved. He was anxious, not scared. Concerned as to what would happen. Being unable to see had taken away his power of control and now he lay there helpless to whatever whim she had. What would she do was all he could wonder.

He could hear her coming. High heels clicking against the floor, getting louder the closer she came. What was going to happen? A sudden thought of panic came over him. She was there. He could feel the air as she walked up to the bed. She stopped. He felt the bed dip slightly as she climbed on. Afraid to speak he waited and wondered. 

Suddenly he felt a drip of water. Ice-cold water hit his chest. It continued to drip as it moved from the center toward his cock. His could feel his cock stir and begin to get hard. The water stopped as the ice cube was placed on his right nipple. The cube was tracing his nipple around and around. It was held right at tip level and moved back and forth. The nipple hardened and stood straight up. It moved to the left nipple and repeated. Back and forth it went until his cock stood straight and hard. Next the ice traveled down his chest and stopped three inches above the base of his cock. Then it was gone. Next he felt something soft and light, a feather moving around his chest. At times if was hard to even feel but as it passed over the nipples there was contact and he knew as it headed toward his cock. The feather circled the base of the cock before starting its journey upward. It circled the head and tickled the lip below the head. When rubbed along the balls the cock would leap in excitement.

He felt her hair hit his chest first as she leaned forward to suck his nipple. The warmth felt good and he moaned slightly. Her warm hand caresses the other nipple and pinched it softly. He was beginning to enjoy himself.

Suddenly something was being drizzled over his cock. It was cold when it hit and began to run down the head toward the base. A tongue began licking the substance. The warmth combined with the cold was erotic. He liked the pause as she licked and swallowed. The tension was mounting. After a few minutes of this he felt a warm cloth wipe him and a hand take over the stroking and caressing. He could hear her moving around but had no idea what she was doing or wanted him to do. 

He felt her breathe in his face as she leaned in to be kissed. It was a hard demanding kiss. She was starting to get hot and wanted some attention. She pulled back and he felt something lightly touching his lips. He licked and realized it was her nipple placed near his mouth. Eagerly he sucked and nipped at the breast. Softly she moaned. He could hear her juices as she played with her clit and slid her fingers in and out. In his mind he could see this and image her coming. She continued to play with herself and stroke his cock as he sucked her nipple bringing her to orgasm. After coming she placed her fingers in his mouth to lick clean. 

She got off the bed for a minute. He wondered what she could be doing. When she climbed back on she mounted his chest. He felt something touch his lips. He put out his tongue and realized it was a dildo. She wanted him to suck her cock. He took the cock into his mouth and licked and allowed her to fuck his mouth with the dildo. Lucky for him it was a small cock and something he could easily manage to consume.

She slid back his chest and kneeled between his knees. She rubbed he cock against his and played with them both. While she did this she used he finger to play with his ass. Rubbing around the outside with enough pressure he wondered if she was going to finger fuck him. She was taking the pre-come from his cock and rubbing it onto his ass and rubbing around the ass area. Next she got down and licked his ass with her tongue. This sent a sensation through his body that made him shudder. When she pushed he tongue into his ass he almost came. As she pushed it in and out the tension went higher and higher. When he could almost take it no more she pulled her tongue from his ass and began licking the outside and around the opening. Her finger began rubbing as well and before long it was only her finger that remained. Gently she applied lube and her finger slide in easily. He moaned with pleasure as she sucked his cock and finger fucked his ass. She was sucking his balls and keeping him hard. The tension was easing when he heard someone else enter the room. He strained to get an idea of who it was. She lifted her head from his cock and another mouth took over. She removed the finger from his ass and moved up to his nipples and began to suck.

His mind went crazy trying to figure out who was there. What was happening? He hadn't expected anyone else and now someone was sucking his cock. 

The original girl slid up and put her pussy over his mouth and lowered herself down onto his tongue. He licked and sucked to bring her again. He felt the second girl climb on to his cock; it was a tight fit. It felt good and she rode up and down on him. He could feel her getting ready to come and was almost ready to fire his load. The original girl began coming first and then the others followed along. The girls climbed off and lay on each side of him. He was still tied up and exhausted. As the girl lay there he could feel their touch and felt as if they were rubbing each other and themselves as they caressed him. They sucked his nipples and met in the middle for a kiss. His imagination would have to fill in the rest. 

He could not see them but he could hear everything they were doing. Across him one girl was stroking the other girls breasts. That girl was moaning softly and playing with herself. As she got close the moaning got louder. The girl moved down between her legs and was sucking on her clit to bring her to orgasm. He listened to there every word and moan being able to hear what was happening. She was being fucked with the dildo while having her clit sucked. After orgasm the girls decided to use a double cock and fuck each other at the same time. They used the dildo to massage his nipples before starting and he could hear the sounds as they fucked over his body. By this time he was hard again and the girls decided to untie him under the condition he did not remove his blindfold. He agreed and was released. With that he was ordered to eat out one of the girls while the girl being eaten, ate out the other. He realized the one he was eating was filled with his come, which he licked out of her pussy. When the other girl was done she decided she wanted his cock inside her. Doggy style. He was happy to oblige. He fucked her as she licked the clit of the other girl. After orgasms for the girls the other decided she wanted to be fucked in the ass while fucking the other girl. It was like a sandwich. When he thrust himself into he it pushed her into the other girl. 

Her ass was tight and suctioned his cock. It didn't take long to fill her ass with his load. They then all collapsed into a heap on the bed. The partner who had joined them got up and left the room. After she was gone the other removed his mask. He would never know the identity of the girl who had joined them, nor did he care.