 Vanessa had gone to have coffee with Susan as they had agreed and their conversation had taken up all morning. Neither of them wanted to quit just then so they went to a near restaurant to have lunch and continued talking for most of the afternoon. Vanessa had told her the whole story of her voyage of sexual discovery and Susan told her about their swinging experience.

"Steve and I wanted to try it, we felt our sexual life was stagnating and we wanted to add some variety. We had read many letters in an online magazine about swapping and Steve wanted to try it. I was not to sure about letting Steve fuck another woman but he was very insistent. I then proposed to him that we try a threesome with another man first. Actually I hoped this would dissuade him but he agreed. We posted an ad in an online page and got an enormous amount of responses. Se even got some from people who said we would burn in hell for all eternity just for entertaining that kind of thoughts. Anyway, we replied to the ones we felt more comfortable with and finally selected one. We met at a bar outside of town near a motel. After a couple of drinks we decided to go ahead with it, the guy seemed nice enough. Well it was a complete fiasco, it was also the guy's first time and he was so nervous that he could not get it up, even after I sucked it until my mouth ached. The guy did go down on me, but by then I was so disappointed that I had to fake an orgasm. After the guy left, Steve fucked me like he hadn't done in quite a while. He told me he had been really turned on by watching us. He went down on me and ate me until I came twice and then he fucked me and I came two more times."

"After that we contacted another couple. I still wasn't to sure about seeing Steve with another woman so after meeting them at the same bar we went to two separate rooms. Well it turned out these couple were into some SM stuff, the guy bit my nipples hard, hurting me, then he wanted to fuck me in the ass, but even though Steve and did that sometimes, I didn't agree to it. He fucked me doggy style first and slapped my ass hard. I told him to stop and he turned me around and fucked me hard and this time he started slapping my breasts. Fortunately he came just then and he stopped. I felt raped."

"Steve didn't fair to well either, the woman asked him to slap her and bit her hard, and even though he tried, it's not his style. So we decided that was the beginning and the end of our swapping. And that's when we decided to play these fantasy games." And Susan told Vanessa how they played their games, using as an example the time they'd been with her and Robert.

"Well, I'm sorry it turned out so bad." Vanessa told her holding her hand. "But I'm sure it has nothing to do with you guys. I'm sure you can blame it all on the other people. You know, it can be so beautiful with the right people."

"I guess if we decided to do it with you guys it would be nice," Susan said, "Or I should better say if I decide, since Steve is pretty set on making love with you."

"And so am I," Vanessa said, "And so is Robert. But please be reassured we will respect your wishes, we just want to go on being friends, even without sex, but if you ever change your mind, I know it will be great."

Vanessa had posed for Steve almost every day. She wanted to have the painting ready by Thanksgiving when her sons would be coming to visit them with their girlfriends. 

Most of the times, Susan was there too. Not out of jealousy or distrust but because she liked Vanessa, and she wanted to be with her and Steve. They all stripped for the painting sessions, and on the last day when Steve asked Vanessa to pose for the masturbation drawing she really got into it again and Susan went down or Steve and later they fucked while Vanessa masturbated to a second orgasm.

* * *

Vanessa and Robert had not seen Edward and Pamela or John and Kathy those two weeks. But they had planned to make up for it the weekend after Thanksgiving since their sons would be leaving on Saturday morning after Thanksging.

Their sons and their girlfriends would be arriving on Friday night. They had decided to spend as much time as they could with their parents since they had several things they wanted to talk to them about and they also wanted their parents to get to know Amber and Julie better.

Vanessa and Robert were waiting for them to arrive. They were sitting in the living room having a drink since the weather had turned colder. A few days earlier, Steve had given Vanessa the two paintings, the one where she was posing as Goya's Maja and a charcoal drawing on canvas of her masturbating. They were planning to hang the latter in the basement after their sons left and were debating whether to hand the painting in the basement of leave it in the living room where it was hanging now.

They heard their son's car pulling up on the driveway. Robert asked Vanessa if she wanted to take the painting down from the wall.

"No," Vanessa replied, "They already seen all the photos in the basement walls and this painting is so beautiful. Let's hear their opinion about whether to leave it there or taking it downstairs.

They went out to meet them. Mark and Jim jumped out of the car and embraced their parents. They introduced Amber and Julie who also hugged Robert and Vanessa warmly.

They got their backpacks from the trunk of the car and walked into the house. Amber and Julie dropped their backpacks as they entered the living room and saw Vanessa's painting.

"Oh my God!" Amber exclaimed "That's a beautiful painting Van. You don't mind if I call you Van, do you?"

"No not at all," Vanessa said. She had just met Amber and Julie but she was beginning to like them already. They had an aura of straightforwardness and warmth about them.

They all had great comments about the painting and when Vanessa asked them if they thought she should leave it hanging in the living room or put it down on the basement they all agreed the best place was the living room unless they had some uptight visitors.

"We certainly haven't had any of that kind lately." Vanessa said with a smile on her face, "Well, why don't you take your stuff to your room and meanwhile I'll get dinner ready."

"Do you need some help?" Julie asked.

"No, not at all, everything is already prepared; I just have to put in on the microwave."

They had dinner and worked out a schedule for the week. Robert said he had wanted to take the rest of the week off but unfortunately he had some stuff pending and he would have to go to the office in the morning, "But I'll be back for lunch. Then I have to finish a proposal in the afternoon but that shouldn't take more than a couple of hours, then I'm all yours."

Vanessa said she was free for the rest of the week but she wanted to go shopping for the Thanksgiving dinner so she might as well do it in the morning so she could spend the rest of the week with them.

"Fine," Mark said, "so how about we drive you to the office dad, and then we'll drive Amber and Julie around and pick you up before lunch."

"What time do you have to be at the office Bob?" Amber asked.

"Oh, around nine I guess. Why?"

"Good, then we can have our Yoga practice at seven," Amber said gleefully, "do you want to join us? Mark and Jim have told us you are taking some classes."

"Well, yes, we go once a week." Robert answered.

"And do you practice here at home?" Julie asked.

"We've tried," Vanessa answered, "But we never seem to find the time, so we just done it a couple of times. Besides we haven't really got the hang of it, at least not the way Mark and Steve say we should."

"Well, we'll see if we can change that while we're here." Amber said.

After dinner the young people announced they wanted to turn in since they were tired from the trip. Everyone helped Vanessa to clear the dishes from the table and later when they were in bed Robert told Vanessa, "Julie and Amber seem to be really nice persons."

"Yes they are," Vanessa agreed and added as she snuggled in Robert's arms, "No wonder our sons fell in love with them."

* * *

The following morning Amber led them through the yoga and meditation practice. She led them through their usual weekday routine of half an hour of asanas and half an hour of meditation. Her soft voice led them through the poses and kept them focused on their breath. For the meditation practice she used the guided meditation technique using the metaphor of a mountain, pointing out the seemingly permanent and unchanging nature of the mountain and them taking them through the changes that the different hours of the day and the seasons caused on its appearance and ending with the seemingly timeless process from the creation of the mountain to it's being eroded almost into nothing over the course of thousands of years.

Vanessa had been a bit apprehensive before the practice since she didn't know if her sons and girlfriends wanted to practice in the nude as they did at home. She still wasn't too comfortable with being naked around their sons, but the weather had turned cold so they practiced in their jogging suits.

Vanessa and Robert were quite impressed with the practice and said they wanted to talk more with them about all this and that they wanted to invite Edward, Pamela, Steve and Susan to the practice the following morning. Amber had made them promise they would practice every day they were there.

* * *

On their way back home Robert asked Mark to stop by the strip-club, he took out a pack from the trunk and went inside to deliver it. When he returned to the car Mark asked.

"What was that all about?"

Robert explained to them about his job as photographer for the club and Jade and Julie asked if he could show them the photos he'd taken. After lunch they all went down to the studio and saw several series of the photos he had taken of the girls. The next to last set was one he had shot on a crowded night from one of the private rooms behind the stage. The last set consisted of the set he had made of the male strippers.

"And that's what I'm working on," Robert said, "Karl, the owner, asked me to present him a proposal to make some videos and a magazine to sell at the club. But I'm kind of stuck at the magazine side."

Mark thought for a while, and then said "Well, talk about coincidences, one of the things we wanted to talk to you about is about setting up a Web page. After we sent you the pictures of the yoga session, Becky, that's our landlady, brought another couple to the next session. Afterwards she asked us to show them some of the photos we'd taken and they asked us if we could take some photos of Marla, it turned out the husband is not very creative or a good photographer but they enjoy posting pictures of her on the same Web site you post yours and wanted some good photos to enter in the current contest. I did take a set of photos and then Amber and Julie wanted to post some of their pictures too. We received quite a bunch of comments and mails from other people who wanted trade pictures with us and Julie came with the idea of making our own Web page so we began surfing the net for many of the nude sites and came up with this idea about making a site, not just of nude amateur pictures, but more of an artistic type of photos and we thought you might want to participate," he looked at Vanessa and added, "I mean, I don't know if you want to post your photos and Pam's mother, but we thought you might have also a lot of e-mails from people we could invite to post on our site." 

"So you've been looking at your mom's naked shots, you naughty boys," Vanessa joked.

Julie answered, "It was actually Amber and I who pestered Jim after he told us about the site to let us have a look. And we loved your photos, we think their quality is way above what most people post."

Vanessa looked at Jim inquiringly and he mumbled, "Actually it was Pam who told us about the site."

'So they probably have also seen our pics and videos having sex,' Vanessa thought but she didn't say anything. 'Well that was a possibility we had considered.'

"So anyway," Mark went on, "We also found a place that sells prints and paintings, we even ordered one photo that we liked and the quality is amazing. It is printed on canvas and framed so it looks like a painting. So I think you should propose to this guy to make a Web page instead, you know to sell the videos and photos. We would have to think if we can combine the two ideas or make two pages, but I think it can work out."

"It sounds great," Robert said, "I thought about it, but I don't know the first thing about making or handling a Web page."

"That's were we come in." Jim said, "You would make the videos and photos and we would handle the design, management and selling side of the page."

Mark, Jim and Robert started talking about the ideas they had in more detail and Vanessa got up saying, "Why don't we let the guys talk about this for among themselves and we go out back to have some coffee and have some women talk."

Vanessa had a long conversation with the girls. She asked them point black if they all had seen the more erotic photos and videos and the girls said they did. Vanessa was worried about what her sons might have thought of that and the girls reassured her it was fine. They said Mark and Jim admired their courage for posting those videos and sharing their sexuality so openly. Vanessa was somewhat relieved. She told the girls about how they were spending most of the time in the nude around the house, and sharing it with their friends. She didn't explicitly talk about the sex part but it was implied in the talk. 

"Well this certainly is a great place to be nude." Julie said, "We also spend all our time at home nude and we love it. Too bad it's kind of cold now or we would be out of our clothes by now."

"Yes," Amber agreed, "Being nude and sharing your nudity with other people really changes your outlook of life. Too bad about the weather because we love doing yoga in the nude too, it's a whole different sensation so I hope we have at least one warm day to practice nude."

"Well, I'm not really sure about that." Vanessa said, "I'm still not very comfortable with the idea of being nude around my sons."

"And so are they," Julie answered, "But Amber and I feel that that is something you have to overcome if you really feel nudity is right."

"I guess you're right." Vanessa said.

"Well, you better get used to the idea because that's the other thing we wanted to talk with you." Amber said with a mysterious smile on her face.

"Amber!" Julie exclaimed shooting Amber a warning look.

"Don't worry," Amber said, "I'm not saying anything; Mark and Jim will probably tell you at dinner."

* * *

During dinner Robert and his sons told the girls what they had come up with so far and what each one's role would be. "We still have some more details before we can present the idea to Karl but I think we should be ready in a couple of days."

"Think you might have it ready by Tuesday?" Vanessa asked. Robert looked quizzically at her but said nothing. "I thought we might all go there so you can present your plan to Karl, and have some fun too, would you like that?" Vanessa asked looking at Amber and Julie.

"Oh yes, we would love too." Julie answered and Amber nodded her approval.

After dinner as they were having coffee, Mark said, "We have a surprise for you." And he gave Robert and Vanessa a folder.

Inside the folder were two airplane tickets in their name and a brochure for a small hotel at the beach. It was in a small bay, the sea water was a bright turquoise color.

"What is this?" Vanessa asked surprised.

"We want you to spend the Christmas vacation with us at this resort." Jim said.

"It's a nudist resort in Yucatan." Julie said.

"It's nothing fancy," Mark added, "actually it is quite primitive, just a few huts, no pool or disco, just a small restaurant, mostly vegetarian although they have fish and seafood, but the beach is beautiful and we can practice yoga there. Becky recommended it to us. That's where she met her boyfriend."

Vanessa understood what Amber had said before. She was deeply touched by the kids gesture and she realized that if they were going to be true to their nudity philosophy and her sons and their girlfriends shared this point of view, they would have to make it part of their lives.

"We are also inviting my parents." Amber said, "I've gotten them to start practicing yoga and we want them to know this part of our life too."

"Well, thank you," Vanessa said, "We certainly accept you invitation, and I'm sure we will really enjoy it, right Bob?" Robert nodded, "Even though to tell you the truth it might be a bit awkward at first, you know actually spending time nude with you guys, but I'm sure we'll get used to it. But you said you're parents are not into this thing. Aren't they gonna be upset about it?"

"We already went down to see them and tell them what we had in mind," Amber said.

"We actually took a few more days off school and we spent most of this week with them." Mark said.

"They already knew of our relationship," Amber went on, "When I told them they kind of accepted it even though they didn't quite understand it. But these past few days, when they saw us together I could tell they began to understand us and were more relaxed. We talked a lot about the way we see life, and they really have taken their yoga practice quite seriously."

"Ooopss!" Vanessa said, "We haven't, but I guess it was because we didn't really understand it the way you do. But after this morning I'm begging to see what you mean. And at least I will be taking it more seriously."

"You should," Amber said, "You won't bee seeing any changes at first, it's not like taking an aspirin to get rid of a headache, but over time you will begin to see the changes, and you might even discover you don't need the aspirin anymore because you won't be getting any headaches at all."

"But anyway, getting back to the nudist resort," she went on, "They also agreed, a bit reluctantly, but they are willing to give it a try and we thought you might share with them some of your views of life."

Vanessa stood up to embrace Amber, "You know, you are quite something, darling. Now I know why Mark and Jim love you."

"Hey, don't leave me out of it." Julie said in mock anger, "I love her too!"

"Of course you do." Vanessa said, pulling her to her feet, "And I already love you both."

Soon they were all embracing and hugging each other.

* * *

The following morning, Steve and Susan showed up for the Yoga practice. They loved it, especially Susan. Since it was Sunday, they stayed for brunch and Amber explained the way they felt about their practice. She talked about the eight different paths of Yoga according to Patanjali and the ten precepts.

"Even though I want to advance as much as I can in this path, there are some things that I'm not ready to embrace yet." Amber told them, "I don't think it's my time to follow those precepts yet, maybe later in my life but definitely not yet. And those are sex and being a vegetarian. As for the latter I think that we do need some animal protein and fat, I believe that the human being is not built to be a vegetarian, we are carnivores and that had a big role in evolving to the point we've reached. But I also don't believe that stuffing yourself with meat and fat three times a day is healthy so I try to balance my diet, meat once or twice a week, fish and chicken once a week and a veggie diet the rest of the time, and that is working for me. And for the sex, well, I don't think I really have to go into that, do I?"

They all laughed at that and Susan said, "I love the way you led the practice Amber, this is pretty much the way I like to practice but you give breathing more emphasis than I've done, and I liked it." She hesitated for a moment but then added, "And there is also another element, I don't know exactly how to put it, but there is a sensual quality about the way this feels."
