 Robert and Vanessa got off the plane in Miami and they were met by Mark and Julie. Mark embraced his parents and Julie also gave them a warm hug and a kiss.

"Wow Van! You look terrific." Julie said.

"And so do you darling." Vanessa answered holding Julie at arms length.

Both women were wearing short skirts, Julie's was a denim skirt that buttoned down the front, and she had left the lowest two bottoms undone. She was wearing a thin red top with thin straps that hugged her pert breasts and highlighted the outline of her nipples. Vanessa's skirt was made of a thin flower pattern material which showed the outline of her legs when she stood with the light behind her. Her top consisted of a short sleeved lacy black blouse that discretely showed her areolas and nipples.

"Come, let's go to our gate," Mark said, "Jim and Amber will meet us there shortly, her parents' plane arrived just a few minutes ago."

When they were near the gate, Jim called them from a café. He was sitting there with Amber and her parents. Amber got up to hug them and kiss them and then introduced her parents."

"Bob, Van, these are my parents, Tom and Jackie." They shook hands and sat down. Jim had already gotten coffee for all and some brownies.

Amber was also wearing a denim skirt and a thin cotton peasant blouse. All the men wore slacks and t-shirts or polo shirts and Jackie had on a loose skirt and a silk blouse. Robert noticed the way her breasts bounced as she sat down and the way the thin silk hugged them and delineated her thick nipples. Vanessa noticed that Tom had a muscled chest. He guessed the couple was in their early forties.

As they walked to the gate many people turned their heads to stare at the handsome group. On the plane for the trip down to Can Cun Vanessa and Jackie sat together and on the opposite row were Robert and Tom. The four young people sat in the row behind them. The original tickets Jake and Jim had purchased were coach but Robert had insisted on upgrading them to first class. As soon as they were seated the flight attendant offered them a glass of champagne and orange juice, a mimosa.

Vanessa had liked Jackie from the start and soon after takeoff Jackie confided in her, "You know, this is all so strange. I feel kind of awkward, I'm not used to going braless and the silk rubbing my nipples makes them show too much, but Amber insisted that we should wear no underwear, to get used to the idea of the nude beach. I really don't think I could ever wear a blouse like yours, you know, it shows too much. I don't know how you can manage all the stares."

Vanessa laughed, "Oh, I don't mind them at all anymore. I didn't use to be like this, but now," and she whispered in a conspiratory tone, "now I get excited knowing people get excited looking at me."

"Well, I still think I couldn't do it," Jackie insisted, "I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to be nude at the beach, what with all those people and especially in front of your sons. It's so strange."

"Don't worry;" Vanessa said reassuringly, "I'm sure you'll get into the spirit once we are there, and if not, wear whatever you feel comfortable with."

Robert and Tom spoke about their work and other general topics during the flight.

* * *

Once at the resort they checked in and were given the keys to their cabins. The girl behind the counter explained that this was a clothes optional resort. She told them to feel free being nude anywhere on the premises, including the restaurant, and bar. She also told them that sex in public was not encouraged, and said that they should respect other people. Taking photographs and videos was not forbidden but she told them to restrict them to their own party and try not to include anybody else.

A bell boy led the to their cabins, first he led them to the ones Jim, Mar, Amber and Julie would be occupying, as they walked through the resort, he pointed out the restaurant, which was adjacent to the main building but opened to large area filled with palm trees and all other sorts of vegetation, there were already several people at the restaurant, most of them didn't have any clothes on, so everyone assumed they were nude. As they walked down the path to the cabins, they noticed a stretch of beach with beautiful white sand and the sea water a deep blue. They left the young people to get settled at their cabins and the bellboy lead them to the other side of the property. Their cabins faced a cove with a lagoon with the clearer water anyone had seen. At one end there was a small bar where they'd agreed to meet the young people for lunch.

"Don't worry mom and dad, for now you can wear your bathing suits, we all will, if that's OK with you Bob and Van?" Amber had said before they headed for their cabins.

"Fine with us." Robert answered.

Once inside their cabin Vanessa unpacked their bags, not that they had brought much clothes, and stripped off the clothes she was wearing. She took their toiletries to the bathroom and discovered it had a huge sunk tile bathtub. She called Robert, and asked him if he wanted to take a shower. Robert had already stripped and joined his wife in the shower. They soaped each other and when Robert inserted a finger in her slit, she pushed him off.

"They are waiting for us for lunch, remember." She said kissing him, "I'm sure we'll have time for that later."

They joined the others in the bar by the lagoon. Their sons, wearing quite brief swimsuits were already there with Amber and Julie, who were wearing tiny thongs and tops which barley covered half their breasts. Vanessa's bikini covered a bit more but it was the one that became transparent when wet that she had bough for her trip to Puerto Vallarta. Robert wore a regular swimsuit that nonetheless showed the outline of his cock and balls.

A few minutes later they were joined by Tom and Jackie. He was wearing a swim suit similar to Robert's and Vanessa admired his fit, muscled body and she discretely lowered her gaze to the bulge underneath it. Jacky had a regular bikini and Robert also admired her trim body and medium sized round breasts.

They ordered ceviche, and a shrimp platter and Corona beers.

They all commented on how beautiful the place was, and chatted amiably during lunch.

When they finished, Amber said addressing their parents, "Well you guys, today you get to choose whether you want to go to the beach or stay here, we will go to the other place as we want to give you time to get used to the idea of being nude. And that is meant especially for you, mom and dad. Then we'll meet later for dinner, how's that sound?"

"Mmhh. I think I would rather stay here now." Jacky said. She had noticed that there were fewer people here, actually only three other couples, one at the bar and another at the other end of the natural terrace above the lagoon. The two couples were nude, one was in their twenties and the other seemed to be in their fifties.

After the young people left for the beach, there was an awkward moment until Vanessa said.

"Jacky tells me you're not very comfortable with the idea of hanging around in the nude."

"Well yes, I guess we are." Tom said.

"It's not that we are prudes or anything like that," Jacky added, "It's just than we've never done anything like this. I mean, we don't make love in the dark or anything like that, and Tom is always complimenting me for keeping in shape and having a nice body, but... I don't know, it's just the idea of someone else seeing us nude, we kind of believe that's something private."

"Well, that's the way we were brought up." Vanessa said.

"In most western cultures, especially since the advent of the Christian religions, we have been taught to be ashamed of our bodies and our sexuality." Robert said, "But it hasn't always been like that. I mean historically in many societies nudity was considered a natural state, and especially the Greeks and the Romans actually exalted the human form in their art, but I'm sure Van can tell us a lot more about that, and also in some eastern cultures, the views on sex and the body are quite different from ours."

"And I'm sure Amber and the kids have a lot to say about that." Tom added cheerfully.

"Well anyway, we don't want to push you into doing anything you don't want." Robert concluded, "But you might want to give it a try. I mean, do you think there is a better setting than this? But if you don't that's fine too."

"Well, I don't know what you are going to decide, but I sure want to take a swim in those transparent waters, so would you mind if I take off my suit?" Vanessa asked them standing up, "I just love to feel the water on my body."

"No, of course you can do anything you want." Tom answered too quickly.

Jacky hit him on the leg playfully, "Of course, you just love seeing naked women, don't you?"

"Uhh." Tom muttered.

"I'm sorry Van, I didn't mean it to sound like that, I guess..."

"Don't worry, Jacky. As I told you, I don't mind people looking at me," Vanessa said and looking at Tom she added, "Actually I love it."

As Vanessa reached behind her to undo her top Robert said, "Actually she looks more naked, I mean more provocative, when the suit gets wet that wearing nothing at all."

Vanessa had pushed the bottom of her suit down her legs and as she stood naked in front of them she asked Robert, "Aren't you going to join me?"

"I'll will, in a minute, "You know I love watching you too."

Vanessa walked to the stone steps carved on the stone and descended them slowly, she noticed that not only Robert and the others were watching her, so were the older couple at the end of the terrace and the younger couple in the bar. As she went into the water, which was rather cold, her nipples hardened. She dove in and swam to the other end of the lagoon in an easy crawl, on the way back she did a backstroke which left her breasts and hard pointed nipples above the water. Robert got up and slid his suit down his legs; Jacky fixed her gaze on his semi-hard cock as he walked down the steps into the water. Vanessa met him halfway down and kissed him pressing her breasts against his chest.

Tom got up and slid off his suit, Vanessa was able to get a good look at his semi-erect penis before he dove into lagoon. It was long and thick and he had large balls. Vanessa decided right there that she would love to get a taste of that cock, to feel it inside her. Jacky got up and looked around, nobody seemed to be looking in her direction except Robert and Vanessa who had their arms around each other, she turned her back on them and undid her bikini top and as she bent to take off the bottom, Robert got a good view of the pink flesh inside her, surrounded by black thick outer labia and black curly hair, framed by her well rounded ass. She walked down the steps and as she got into the water, her nipples hardened under Robert's gaze, she felt embarrassed and excited at the same time and lost her footing. Instinctively she reached out for Robert, and landed on top of him, he circled her waist with his arm to steady her.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Jacky said, and as she tried to steady herself she placed her hand on Robert's thigh and felt his cock brush against her arm and her breasts pressed against his arm. No she really was embarrassed and she muttered another apology, getting up and diving into the lagoon.

The four of them spent sometime swimming around, diving under water, admiring the coral and fish that swam in the cool waters, feeling them caressing their bodies. Robert and Vanessa got out first and sent back to the beach chairs. When Tom and Jacky got out of the water they walked back to their chairs with their arms around each other's waists. Jacky saw Robert watching her as he spread some tanning oil on Vanessa's belly and she also saw the other two couples looking in their direction. At that moment she understood what Vanessa said about showing her nude body in front of other people. She got excited. Her nipples were still hard from the cold water, but the inside of her vagina got wet with her own juices.

"Isn't the water wonderful?" Vanessa asked as she opened her legs so Robert could spread some oil on her inner thighs.

Tom and Jacky stood in front of them. Jacky was amazed at the way Vanessa exposed herself, it was so natural and at the same time so erotic. Vanessa saw that Tom had his eyes fixed between her legs and his cock began getting hard. Jacky noticed this too but she was even more surprised that she didn't feel jealous or angry at Tom for looking at Vanessa. She also noticed that Robert was looking at her body and his cock also began to rise. She felt her wetness increasing and finally she answered Vanessa's question.

"Yes it is," she said, "And now I know what you mean about the sensations of the water on your skin. I loved it! I don't think I ever want to wear a suit again when I swim!" She sat down on the chair next to Vanessa and closed her eyes, feeling the sun drying the water from her skin. At that moment she didn't care if the rest of the people on the terrace were looking at her. She just felt wonderful.

They spent the rest of the afternoon lying in the sun or swimming, chatting and getting to know each other. Then each couple went to their won rooms to shower and dress for dinner. They had talked about this and they'd decided they weren't quite ready to walk naked into the restaurant and have dinner with the young people in the nude.

Once in the shower, Robert was soaping Vanessa's body and when he reached her pussy and felt her wetness, he asked her, "Well, well, is this all for me or did Tom had anything to do with it?"

Vanessa moaned as Robert flicked his finger against her clit and she answered, "Tom mostly, to tell the truth." She reached out to caress Robert's cock and asked him, "Do you like Jacky?"

"Yes, I do." Robert answered, "I just hope the feeling is mutual, I'd really like to fuck her."

"And I would really like to eat Tom's cock." Vanessa said sinking down to her knees and taking Robert's cock in her mouth. "But for now I'll settle for this one."

She sucked Robert's cock, bobbing her head on the upper part while she pumped the lower half with her hand. Robert didn't last long and shot his sperm into her mouth. They changed positions and Robert licked her clit, she wrapped one of her legs over his shoulder and he sucked her pussy until she came.

* * *

As soon as they closed the door of their room, Jacky wrapped her arms around Tom's head and kissing him she led him to the bed. She fell back on the bed opening her legs and Tom penetrated her, they fucked hard until they both came, Jacky first and Tom a few seconds later.

Afterward, lying in each other arms, Jacky told her husband. "Now I know what Amber's been telling me all the time about enjoying my body and not being ashamed of it."

"Yes," Tom agreed, "I do too. And I most admit that it excited me knowing that other people could watch my beautiful wife in the nude."

"And I really like Bob and Van," Jacky added, "They are so nice, and they really seem to be comfortable with their nudity and their sexuality."

"Yes," Tom said, "I have to admit I was turned on by the way he massaged the tanning oil on her body. It was so sensual."

Then they lay in silence for a while, lost in their own thoughts before they showered and dressed.

* * *

They all had dinner and went to bed early since Amber announced that there would be a Yoga session at sunrise at the beach.

"And it's totally forbidden to wear any clothes." Amber stated firmly before they went back to their rooms.

The following morning they met at the beach, the young ones were all in the nude and the older ones had worn some sort of clothes or another but shed them before they started. They did some stretching exercises before the sun rose and as the orange disk appeared in the horizon, Amber led them into the Surya Namaskar, or sun salutation sequence. About halfway through the session two young couples appeared on the beach with the intention of jogging, but after watching them for a few minutes, the girls joined the session while the boys watched.

The asanas lasted for an hour followed by half an hour of meditation and then they sat on the beach for a while chatting with the new arrivals. They agreed to meet before sunrise on the following day for another session.

They had breakfast and afterward the older couples headed for the beach, while the younger ones went to the lagoon.

After setting their towels under a palapa they sat chatting for a while.

"It was funny," Vanessa said, "I was a bit self conscious about being nude with my sons at first, but as the session progressed I forgot all about it, and later at breakfast I didn't feel uncomfortable at all."

"I wish I could say the same thing," Jacky said, "but I did feel awkward being nude in front of the boys. But I think I'm making some progress because I didn't feel bad about the other boys, even though they kept staring at me."

"And who can blame them?" Robert said, "You are a very attractive woman after all."

"Actually they looked more at you and Van that at Amber and Julie." Tom said, "And I don't blame them either, you two are really something to look at."

Vanessa and Jacky thanked the compliments and Robert said, "Anybody for a swim in the sea, or a walk down the beach."

"I'd like to," Jacky said, "but I'm a bit scared of the sea, but I'm game for a walk."

"Oh Jacky," Vanessa said, "If you decide to go into the sea, Bob is a real good swimmer, so don't worry. I think I'll pass for now, I want to take in some sun, before it gets too strong."

"What about you Tom?" Robert asked as he got up.

"I think I'll pass, I feel like staying here for a while." Tom said, looking questioningly at Jacky.

Robert had already reached out for Jacky's hand and he pulled her to her feet.

"That's fine with me." Jacky said.

"Good," Vanessa added, "then later on you can rub some oil on my back."

Jacky and Robert walked away and headed toward the sea, when they reached the place where the surf broke they began walking down the beach. There were already several people there, some in the water, some in the sand and most of them turned to look at Robert and Jacky.

"You know Bob," Jacky said, "I'm amazed at how fast you can break some old habits. I had never been naked in public and here I am now, walking with you and a whole bunch of people looking at me. And I don't feel bad. Actually I'm beginning to enjoy it, feeling the sun, the wind and the sea breeze in my skin."

"I'm glad," Robert answered, "I must confess that I was a bit apprehensive about this whole thing, especially being naked around Amber and Julie, but everything seems to be working out fine. And you and Tom are really nice people. Van and I really like you guys. And I meant what I said, you are a very attractive woman"

"And so do we, we do like you and Van," Jacky said, "but you should cut out all this flattery."

Jacky was walking closer to the surf and she reached out to hit Robert playfully in the shoulder, but just then a larger wave hit her behind her legs, catching her unaware and she fell back on the water. Robert immediately leaned forward to pull her back to her feet and Jacky wrapped her arms around his neck to regain her footing. Robert felt her breasts pressing against him, and his cock stirred. He knew Jacky felt it pressing against her belly, but she didn't pull away immediately.

He talked Jacky into going into the sea, and every time a wave crashed into her she wrapped her arms around him squealing in pleasure and nervousness.

* * *

Tom had finished rubbing some oil in Vanessa's back and she asked him to rub some on her legs and buttocks. She opened her legs a bit, knowing full well that this offered a good view of her pussy to Tom. Actually she was hoping he would touch her there but he kept his fingers a few inches away from that part of her.
