 I awoke from my nap a couple of hours later. I slipped off the bed so I wouldn't awaken the two big and beautiful women still asleep. I laid out two robes for them and went to relief myself in the second bathroom of Sandy's and my home then put on a tee shirt and shorts and with a glass of water sat in my recliner to think.

My sweet wife Sandy had surprised me a few months back when she asked me to tell her about my fantasies. Having promised to always be truthful and to not keep secrets from her early in our relationship, I told her of my fantasy of having sex with her and another woman at the same time. The fantasy included Sandy performing girl on girl sex, something she had sworn to me on numerous occasions she had never done before. I was shocked when Sandy became excited from my telling of the fantasy to her. She had even managed to arrange a weekend away from our home town where most of my fantasy came true. That experience had led to Sandy wanting to share other women with me. She had ordered a strap-on harness and an 8" dildo to go with it. We had gone on a date with another woman and taken her back to our house and Sandy and I had both used our phalluses on her. The night had also led to Sandy getting the number of our young and inexperienced waitress, Tiffany. Tiffany was snuggled up asleep with Sandy in our bed at that moment.

I was thinking what to do about the strange yet exciting predicament Sandy and I had gotten ourselves into. We had had two sexual sessions with Tiffany before today. Tiffany had become emotionally attached to us even though we had discussed with her that couldn't happen. Neither I nor Sandy had realized how immature she really was. We had given Tiffany the choice of continuing in our arrangement and getting hurt later or leaving and getting hurt then. She had chosen to stay. During Sandy and my using of her young beautiful body, Sandy had blurted out that we were going to have to keep Tiffany because after us one person would not be able to satisfy her. That had put an idea in my head.

I was thinking about the pros and cons of having Tiffany move in with us. I knew with me working days as an electrician, Sandy being a stay at home wife, and Tiffany working evenings at a local steakhouse that they would be alone together for much of the time. I couldn't expect them to follow the no sex unless we were all three together rule when they would be spending so much time alone together. I wouldn't be when Sandy and I were alone together. I knew it was different, us being married and together for so long, but it still would not be fair to Tiffany. All I could hope for was the excitement of the new arrangement to run its course and for it to become the occasional happening instead of an everyday occurrence.

While all of these thoughts and more bounced around in my head, the two ladies in question wondered into the living room in their robes. As I watched the tandem of female flesh that I now considered to be my two ladies walk toward me, I couldn't help but smile.

"Mikoli, how long have you been up?" Sandy asked me as her green eyes sparkled with happiness. She bent down and gave me a big kiss. 

"Not long." I replied as I motioned to Tiffany to come to me. I gave her a kiss like the one Sandy had given me. "Sit over on the couch; I want to talk to you both about something."

Sandy and Tiffany sat on the couch side by side. I thought about joining them, but decided that would lead to other things and our talk would be forgotten.

"I have been sitting here thinking about our situation and something Sandy said while we were enjoying each other's bodies earlier." I began telling the by now curious duo in front of me. "Sandy said that we ought to keep you Tiffany because we were going to turn you into a slut that one person couldn't satisfy. She didn't use those exact words but that is what it comes down to. Is becoming a slut what you what? Do you enjoy sex with both Sandy and me or are you doing one of us do be able to do the other? I am a big enough man to accept it if you want Sandy more than you do me. I think Sandy would be able to accept that you want me more than you want her. Please be honest!"

Tiffany looked at both Sandy and I. I watched as her bottom lip started to quiver. She let a couple of tears run down her cheeks before sitting back into a rigid position.

"Let me answer the last question first." Tiffany replied with a confidence I had not heard before. "I enjoy sex with both of you so much. I don't want one of you more than the other. I want you both. I didn't think I would be able to enjoy sex with another woman, but I do! I could never be in a strictly lesbian relationship because I love the feel of a man's cock too much. The first question is harder. Do I want to be a slut? For the two of you, yes! I already told you I don't care how you use me; I want and need to be with you both." 

"Mikoli, what have you been thinking about?" Sandy inquired of me.

"I was wondering about the possibility of Tiffany moving in with us." I answered my gorgeous wife.

"That would probably be a problem!" Sandy started to explain. "Tiffany and I would be alone together in the day while you're at work. It was easy to tell her no over the phone. I don't think I'm strong enough to do that with her right here."

"I had been thinking the same thing." I told them. "Would you and I stop having sex when Tiffany would be at work? No, we wouldn't! Would it be fair to Tiffany to expect her to follow a rule that I can't? No, it wouldn't! I would hope it would become an occasional thing instead of an everyday thing and I would be very angry the first time I came home really horny and wasn't able to enjoy sex with my sexy wife because she was too tired from having had sex with my equally sexy young lover. It can work if we want it to. We would have to clear some of the junk piled up in the spare bedroom so Tiffany could have her own room, but it could work."

"Why would I need my own room?" Tiffany asked. "Can't I sleep with the two of you?"

"Tiffany, I imagine most nights you would sleep with us, if we decide you can move in." I replied trying not to laugh. "But you are a young woman who might want to have a place you can go to for some privacy. Another reason for you to have your own room is for those nights when Sandy is having a lot of pain from her illness. Through the years Sandy and I have developed ways for me to help her during those times. It would be difficult for me to concentrate on helping her with you in bed with us. I don't mean to sound cruel, but Sandy is and always will be my number one priority."

"I think I understand." Tiffany said to me with that timid, insecure voice I had heard before.

"Okay, Sandy, your turn to tell us what you are thinking." 

"Oh, Mikoli, I don't know where to start!" Sandy said in her own insecure tone. "On one hand, I'm afraid. Tiffany is so much younger and more beautiful than me. If she would work out a little bit, she would be even more beautiful. I would die the first time I woke up, you weren't beside me, and I found you in her bed, Mikoli! On the other hand, I'm excited by the idea. The thought of having sex with her when you aren't here is so tempting. I love you and I have enjoyed sharing Tiffany with you, but part of me wants to see what it would be like with only her and me."

"I love you, too! How do you think I would feel if it happened the other way? Don't you think it would hurt me to find you with her in her bed? Don't you think I have had fantasies of being with her alone? You can't expect me to let you do something with her and me not be able to do the same thing, can you?" I inquired of Sandy. I could see anxiety in both women's eyes at that moment.

"Please don't fight!" Tiffany blurted out. "I would love to move in here with the two of you, but if it would cause problems I can't! You may think it is silly, but I love you both! I'll leave before I hurt either one of you!"

"Tiffany, we're not fighting!" Sandy and I both exclaimed. For some reason that broke the tension that had been building and we all three started laughing hysterically. It was a few minutes before we could stop laughing and catch our breaths.

"Okay, let's try to get back on track!" I said. "Tiffany, I don't think you are silly. When you told us how you felt, I knew you were in love with us. That was and is the way I feel about Sandy. We have been through some rough patches together, but I have never lost that feeling."

"I feel the same way about Mikoli!" Sandy said to our hopefully new house and ultimately bed mate. "I know you love us Tiffany and wouldn't intentionally hurt either one of us!"

"I'm getting hungry! Can we get cleaned up and go get something to eat?" I asked my two ladies. "Tiffany, you can use my bathroom and we'll use the master bath. We need to be quick or we'll run out of hot water."

I showed Tiffany where the towels and wash cloths for the second bath were located. Sandy was already in our shower. I didn't hold out much hope of having at least a lukewarm shower with two women taking showers in front of me. Neither shower was really big enough for two people. 

We went to dinner at a small Mexican restaurant. We had found it when I was in the mood for Mexican one night. Sandy can't eat spicy foods because of her illness. The one we liked had enough American items so that Sandy was not stuck eating the same thing every time. We talked and laughed as we ate. We didn't discuss our situation until after we had finished eating.

"Tiffany, I know you said you would love to move in with us, but I have some questions for you, okay?" I said to her trying to be serious.

"Yes, Mikoli you can ask me anything." Tiffany replied with a newfound confidence.

"Where are you living now, at home or in an apartment? Are you helping with bills at home or helping a roommate with the rent if in an apartment? Is moving in with us going to cause a financial burden on someone?" I asked her.

Tiffany turned to Sandy before speaking. "Is he always like this? He's thought of things in a few hours that I wouldn't have thought of until it bit me in the butt."

Sandy laughed and nodded her head yes. "Mikoli is one of the smartest men I have ever met. I wonder sometimes why he wanted me. I barely got out of high school. I would listen to him talking to other people at parties and other social events and feel so stupid. He knows so many things and can talk to anybody. When he starts to think about something, you can be assured he will have thought of almost every scenario before he tells you what he thinks."

"I wanted you for that big, beautiful body and those huge tits you have." I spoke up laughing myself. "Besides we had enough things in common that it hasn't been boring."

Tiffany was looking at us like we were crazy. "How can you all talk to each other like that?"

"Many years of love and being honest with each other." Sandy told Tiffany. "I know Mikoli loves me for me and not my body. I have always been big and thought I was fat and ugly. Mikoli was the only man to look me in the eyes instead of at my chest when he asked me out. He has always talked to me like a person instead of like a sex object. He has never talked down to me."

"We're getting off track. If Tiffany is going to move in, we need to talk some more about it." I interjected trying to steer our conversation back to the subject at hand.

"I still live at home. Except for buying personal things, I don't have to give my parents any money." Tiffany answered me getting back to my questions. Our waitress brought the check at that moment.

"Tiffany you leave the tip. Sandy and I will get the check." I told my tablemates.

I watched as Tiffany laid two dollars on the table. The check was thirty two dollars and some change. When Tiffany looked up at me, I shook my head no. I held up five fingers and wiggled them at her. Five dollars was closer to 15 percent than two. Tiffany laid three more dollars on the table. Sandy was finished paying the check by then. We got some stares as we walked arm in arm through the parking lot to our minivan. I saw the jaws of an older couple drop when I gave each of the two women with me passionate kisses as I helped each one enter the minivan. I sat in the back seat and let Sandy drive. We engaged in small talk during the ten minute drive home. I asked Tiffany if she minded going home so Sandy and I could talk to each other alone. Sandy and I both gave Tiffany tongue wrestling kisses and gropes of her luscious body next to her car. I made her roll down her window and bent down to tell her everything was going to be alright when I saw tears in her eyes. I noticed Sandy had tears in her eyes when I turned to her. I waited until Tiffany was out of sight before I grabbed my sobbing wife into my arms.

"Why are you crying, baby? Did I do something wrong?" I asked Sandy.

"I'm crying because I saw Tiffany crying." Sandy finally managed to tell me. 

(As long as I live I will never understand how women can cry from seeing another woman cry. I have cried, but not from just seeing someone else crying.)

Sandy and I went to bed when we got in. We have made some major decisions while lying in bed holding each other. The little guy twitched a couple of times, but after the workout he had earlier in the day, I knew nothing would come of it. I could tell Sandy was both physically and emotionally drained. I checked the alarm clock and we went to sleep. The resolution of our predicament would have to wait until tomorrow.

Sandy and I did talk the next afternoon when I got home from work. We agreed to let Tiffany move in with us. We started that day cleaning out the spare bedroom and its closet. Sandy took some of the things to Goodwill the next day. We found other places to store the items we decided to keep. The rest of the stuff was taken to the dumpster at our nearest county trash collection site. Sandy called Tiffany and told her she would help her move her stuff from her parents' house to ours on her next day off. Tiffany was filled with such happiness, she cried on the phone. I wondered what she told her parents about moving out, but I didn't ask. It didn't bother me enough to want to know.

Thursday of that same week was Tiffany's next day off. I asked Sandy to try and wait till I got home before anything sexual happened between them. She assured me that with moving Tiffany's things and getting them situated the way Tiffany wanted them there wouldn't be time for any sex. True to her word, nothing happened between the two of them. It was totally different though when I got home. 

"Baby, I'm home. " I yelled as I enter the back door. I stopped to set my lunch cooler on the kitchen counter and to remove my shoes. 

"In the living room!" I heard Sandy yell back.

I saw them through the window in the wall between the kitchen and dining room. A 5'4" vision of youthful sexiness with her brown hair feather cut to frame her round but cute face was in front wearing the red see-through gown of the lady behind her. It was a little big on her. Her 34DD breasts were heaving as she gasped for breath. I could see the moisture between her legs. The woman behind her was massaging her breasts and would occasionally tweak one of her nipples. 

The woman behind her was my big, beautiful wife. She had on the black see-through gown she owned. I couldn't see much of her body behind Tiffany. I didn't need to though. I had been making love to that body for most of twenty years. 5'7" tall, size 20 body, 40DD breasts, Sandy was the epitome of big and beautiful.

"Which one of us do you want first, Mikoli?" Sandy asked me. "We are both ready! I swear we have only been making out for a few minutes. We both got so excited getting ready for you. Please don't be mad."

"I'm not mad." I answered my dear wife. "If it's my choice, I want Tiffany first!"

I was naked by the time I reached the two women standing in my living room. I motioned for Sandy to sit on the edge of our couch. I had Tiffany get into doggie with her face in Sandy's crotch. Neither Sandy nor I had to tell her to start eating Sandy out. I slid my turgid rod into Tiffany's hot and wet center. I meant to start slow and easy, but my young lover had other ideas. Tiffany began thrusting back hard and fast. I stayed still and let her do the work in our coupling. I began thrusting back when I heard a muffled moan from Tiffany. I had been horny all day thinking about my two big and beautiful women. After ten minutes of furious fucking, my balls tightened and my steamy seed erupted out of me and into Tiffany's depth. Tiffany rose from Sandy's pussy and screamed in her own release. She went back to sucking and licking at Sandy's pink center and the little nub that was fully exposed at the top of her slit. Sandy grunted and moaned as her own orgasm overtook her. She lifted her ass off the couch and went rigid as her orgasmic bliss peaked. She shuddered as Tiffany continued to suck her clit. Sandy relaxed and told Tiffany to stop. I took that moment to move to Sandy and kiss her. I turned to Tiffany and kissed her and licked Sandy's juices off her face. 

The three of us retired to the bed room. I lay in the middle of my tandem of female flesh. They were raised up on their elbows so they could take turns kissing me and themselves. I was in heaven. After about fifteen minutes, Sandy started kissing down my chest and belly toward my flaccid member. I motioned for Tiffany to join her. I almost jumped off the bed when they each took one of my nipples in their mouths and sucked them hard. My organ started to engorge with blood when they did that. I allowed them to take turns sucking and licking my hardened member for about five minutes.

"I want my dick in your pussy, Sandy!" I told them when I was ready. "You decide how you want it and what Tiffany will be doing!" 

"Tiffany, let's get in 69 with me on top!" Sandy exclaimed in her excitement. "Mikoli can do me doggie and you can lick us both, Tiffany!"

"I love you, you filthy slut!" I exclaimed to Sandy. "I was hoping you would do it that way!"

"I know you Mikoli! I knew that would be what you wanted!" Sandy said to me with joy in her tone.

Sandy and Tiffany got into 69 position and began eating each other out. I slammed my steely rod home in one stroke. I began an easy rhythm in and out of Sandy's slick hole. I knew that with the sensations from her pussy around my dick and the ones from Tiffany licking at our junction; I wouldn't last long if I started hard and fast. Sandy allowed me to set the pace. I began pumping in and out at a more frenetic pace when Sandy thrust back hard after about fifteen minutes. I could feel my second eruption on the verge of exploding. I speeded up yet again to bring Sandy along with me. I splashed her vaginal walls with my hot seed. Sandy went rigid and fluttered around my dick as she came. I heard Tiffany's muffled scream as her second big orgasm hit her. Tiffany sucked our combined juices off my shriveling member and attacked Sandy's cum filled and freshly fucked pussy with her mouth. I retired to the upholstered chair and watched the two women on our king sized bed orally pleasure each other. If I achieved another erection that day, it would be much later. The little guy didn't even twitch as I watched my two lovers bring each other to another huge orgasm.

When my beautiful ladies had righted themselves onto the edge of the bed, I went and gave them each a kiss. We all slipped on some clothes and went to the kitchen to fix something hot for supper. I ate cold sandwiches and salads for lunch at work so I wanted something at least warm for my evening meal. After eating, I retired to my recliner.

It was only the first day of Tiffany's living with us and I was already wondering if I was man enough to keep two oversexed women satisfied. I knew they could satisfy each other without me and that scared me a little. I had a slight fear of losing Sandy even after her assurances that it wouldn't happen. I again found myself in a mess of my own making. I resolved to again go with the flow and handle any consequences that may arise. A person would think one would learn from past mistakes, but I couldn't seem to. I would make the best of my new situation for as long as it lasted.
