 My wife is incredibly beautiful and sexy. We are happy and comfortable together and make love regularly. Our sex life is never dull as we both enjoy vivid imaginations and experiment openly with each other's fantasies. There is only one thing my sex life lacks: the wank. 

As a teenager I masturbated constantly. Even after "scoring" with girls, and even while dating regularly, I enjoyed finding some quiet time alone and pulling my pole. 

When I confided this to Sharon, she completely understood. She agreed with me that my dick was incredibly handsome. Tall, thick and well proportioned; tan in color and capped by a large soft head, my dick -- if I must say so myself -- is a wonderful specimen. Watching my dick, slick with oil get stroked by my right hand as my left hand stimulates my balls, ass and nipples, brings me incredible pleasure. Indeed Sharon takes pleasure in giving me hand jobs for precisely that reason: watching my beautiful dick reach climax is a rush.

Recently I was called out of town on business. While most men would see this as an opportunity to pick up some strange pussy at the hotel bar, I was planning on two days of serious self-indulgence. Sharon fucked me well and hard the night before I left and kissed me on the cheek at the airport. At one point, having confided in her my plan, she patted my crotch and warned: "Don't wear him out, there's a wet pussy waiting for him when he gets home." God I love my wife!

The plane was almost empty, and I thought I would have the three seats in my row to myself. But just before takeoff an attractive stewardess came rushing onto the plane and sat next to me. She explained that she was off duty, but being flown ahead to catch a later connection. I sympathized with her for having such a demanding and hectic job. She just looked at me hard for a moment, winked, and said, "it has it's perks."

Twenty minutes into the flight and my stewardess companion had fallen asleep on my shoulder. When I shifted at one point, her head fell to my lap and she curled her feet up onto her seat. I read on in my paperback, but was soon distracted by friction near my nether region. The off-duty stewardess was rubbing my cock.

No longer interested in my novel, I watched for any sign that somebody had noticed. The plane was silent, people either read or slept. My private stewardess had pulled her blanket over her head and her head over my cock. She sucked me to a beautiful orgasm and swallowed every drop. 

"Welcome to the mile-high club," she smiled as she brought her head up. I didn't have the heart to tell her that Sharon and I had fucked in the toilet over the Atlantic.

"By the way, you have a fantastic cock, where are you staying?"

I shouldn't have told her.

She found me that night at the bar, just as I was preparing to go upstairs for my wank.

"I had to find you, I'm sorry. I kept thinking about the size of your... your... you know. Well I really want it in me. I hate to be so direct, but... well... I did suck your dick earlier."

We went to my room and fucked. Don't get me wrong. It was a great tumble. This stewardess had great skin a beautiful face, sporty firm breasts with perky little nips and a most delicious looking cunt. Do you like those cunts with the big lips hanging down? I don't usually, but hers, shaved, was somehow very attractive. I took her from on top, doggy style and let her ride cowboy in a few different directions. I'm certain she had a great time. Towards morning, she sneeked out and I slept in.

I awoke satisfied, but sporting a large erection. This was my chance. I pulled out the bottle of oil and spread it on my hands and dick. There were remnants of my cum and her fluids encrusted on my dick and I thought of first taking a shower. But I had already anointed my erection and it looked so sexy, shiny and stiff. 

Up and down slowly I began stroking my already turgid member. Closing my eyes for just a few moments, I envisioned the stewardess's ass bouncing up and down on me. I remembered watching Sharon get fucked once by four guys. I was working myself up good and horny when I opened my eyes to watch my beautiful cock flex, stiffen and eventually spray.

But my eyes fell upon a different beauty. 

The stewardess had apparently knocked off the "Do Not Disturb" sign during her exit and Camilla the maid had inadvertently walked in on my performance. She looked distinctly unattractive in her black and white maid's uniform (not my fetish guys, sorry). But her pretty face held the most comical and yet hungry expression.

One of us had to say something, and with her little mouth puckered in the "O" shape for so long, I guessed it would have to be me.

"Did I forget to put the 'do not disturb' sign?"

"No worry."

"Do you want to come back later?"

"Misser, dono get me in trouble, but I's a gotta watch dis. You got one gorgeous pepe."

"You got a name?"

"Camilla," she answered and then added,"Oh fuck. I gonna get fired and divorced and the Saints are gonna send me to hell fiya, but I cain't look at dat gorgeous tool and not ha some o' dat." And Camilla threw down the hand towel she was holding and then all of her clothes.

What damage a uniform can do. Had she asked me for a fuck while dressed, I'd have probably turned her down, but she didn't ask. She just stripped and then this very thin but very heavily busomed lady crawled on top of me. Then, with her melon-sized mammories on my chest and bulbous ass in my hand, she asked me if we could fuck. It was a mere formality as I was already in her at the time.

This wench could fuck. Her bubble ass had engines all its own. Her heavy chest smothered my face to my distinct pleasure while her hips flexed and pumped, jumped and humped all over my rigid rod. This maid began cumming and wouldn't stop. Her vaginal walls constricted and released like a boa constrictor in heat.

I lay prone. There was nothing for me to do. Morning erections are programmed to pee, not cum, and it usually takes some work to switch the programming. Not with this babe though, her dick massaging tunnel was pulling the jism right out of my balls and I shot a healthy load right into her.

She didn't stop.

My dick was already semi-limp, but even then it's long and thick. Her pussy was so slick and open she could have fucked a sponge. I just passed my time sucking at her large round breasts while her hip dance continued, making me hard again.

"Now yo' turn." Camilla announced once she felt me rigid again. "You now fucka dis bit up m'ass."

She rolled off me and got into position on her hands and knees. She really had a bubble ass: two round orbs with a valley between. My dick was still slick with the oil I'd applied and the maid's juices, so poking her anus wasn't so hard. Still, compared to her wide open cunt, Camilla's ass was tight.

Now it was my turn to work as I pumped my long pole in and out of her. She used one hand for support, and another to rub her clit and stuff her pussy alternatively. I could feel the ripples of her orgasm rushing trough her, but not with the same intensity as when I was in her vagina. She kept rubbing and I kept pumping and then she screamed, "holy Jesus!" and squirted a load of liquid onto the bedspread beneath us.

I wasn't close to cumming, but Camilla had had her fill. She pulled off and began sucking my dick. I was surprised that she'd take my spunky dick in her mouth. Her ass had not been cleaned and I could swear I saw brown streaks on my prick. But she sucked away unhesitatingly and I couldn't help but wonder how well she cleaned bathrooms. 

Her oral ministrations did the trick and soon I was ejaculating on her fantastic bosom. As she rubbed the cum into her skin she smiled wickedly and asked if I'd let her skip cleaning my room so as not to cause a delay that could bring attention to our rule violation. Feeling good and generous to this stranger who'd given me her body, I acquiesced. Besides, I wanted her gone so that I could shower and dress and still catch breakfast. The conference was starting in 45 Minutes.

The day was long. The presentations were interesting, but they were still lectures, leaving me seated for hours at a time, doodling and daydreaming about my eventual wank. Of course, between the stewardess and the maid, I couldn't say I was sexually frustrated, but now I had more food for my fantasies. But food, food, I hadn't had. I only managed a coffee and croissant at breakfast and came into a late lunch starving.

Meal times at these business conventions are great times to mingle and get to know new contacts better. I sat with a guy named Todd from Detroit, and Matt from San Diego. Pretty soon the conversation left our trade and turned to sex. Apparently, there were all these hookers scouting the hotel bar and Todd and Matt were comparing the prices of blow jobs. Todd was taking the somewhat moral high-ground and refusing to even consider paying for sex. Matt was saying that the money was a small price to pay for total non-commitment, no hang-up sex, and no threat of word getting home to upset your wife. I told them I could wait three days and catch up on my TV watching.

Using desert as an excuse I got up and joined an informal group that had formed in one corner debating some of the issues presented. I didn't know anybody in the group, but didn't need to, these groups were spontaneous and as good a chance to make a contact as any. Then again, as I listened in, I couldn't believe how seriously some of these guys were taking their material. I got bored and went for more coffee. The next session was about to begin anyway.

Sitting down in the conference hall, I noticed a tall brunette whom I'd seen in the discussion group by the deserts. She looked just like Sharon, but with darker skin, black hair, and less in the chest. There weren't a lot of women at the conference, and such an attractive one was clearly drawing stares. But during the impromptu discussion group of a few minutes previous, she had been staring at me. Now, she was clearly approaching me.

"Mind if I join you?"

Could I refuse? We introduced ourselves, and I tried to think of questions that would reveal to me why she chose to sit next me. But the presentation started and I was none the wiser.

Ten minutes into the lecture my mind was wandering. This guy spoke English with a heavy Indian accent and I couldn't follow. Inadvertently, I began doodling in the margins of my notebook. First, the doodles were random lines and shapes, but they became, as they often do, reflecting my subconscious, curves and shadows that belong to the female form. As a certain pair of orbs came into form as Camilla's breasts, I suddenly became self-conscious and feared my female neighbor would take offense. As I rubbed the nipples out, Debbie leaned over and touched my hand to stop me.

"I saw you doodling in the last session. That's why I sat next to you. You guys aren't the only ones daydreaming about sex during the presentations."

I took the hint. Soon I was drawing full-out sex scenes. My notebook was beginning to resemble the kama sutra. I was so absorbed in and pleased with my artistic talent that I didn't notice Debbie squirming in her seat. Later she told me that she could masturbate by squeezing her thighs together and that my pictures turned her on so much that she reached orgasm right there and nearly cried out loud.

She told me all that while we were in the elevator up to her room. The sessions had ended and we had twenty minutes before supper. She insisted I come help her choose her clothes, but when we got to her room, she didn't seem inclined to put any on.

What can I tell you? My cock had not had so much female attention in weeks. Between the stewardess and Camilla, I had been drained. Now, with all of Debbie's dutiful ministrations, I couldn't even get it up.

Debbie was a good cock-sucker, but wasn't getting anywhere. I felt her frustration and pushed her onto the bed and dove into her snatch where I licked her to two and a half orgasms. The half orgasm was what I call it when a woman has climaxed and you keep going, and she keeps going, but asks you to stop because it's too sensitive. It's as if she would cum with two more licks or thrusts, but fears the inner explosion. So, out of respect, I stop, but I count it as half an orgasm.

Debbie pulled my head up by my hair and begged me to stop.

"I've cum twice already. Can't take any more. Why don't you get yourself hard and fuck me?"

"I'm fucked out, I'm afraid.."

"Oh, is your wife here with you?"

"No, but I spent the morning jerking off." It was easier to lie than explain the whole "do not enter" thing. And wanking was what I wanted to do anyway.

"Really?" Debbie giggled. "Not a lot of guys would admit that."

"I'm not shy. With a cock like this wouldn't you want to pull your own rope?"

"Absolutely! And I still want to pull yours. Will you give me a rain check so I can start you out with a hand job and feel your monster inside me?"

"Maybe after dinner."

"Can we do it at your place? My husband may call and then I feel all shitty."

"Room 410", Sharon would've been pissed at me for fucking a cheating woman. She believed in full disclosure. I would tell her that she's too naive. Plus she had no qualms about fucking married women who hid their lesbianism from their husbands.

"It's not the same thing." She'd say, but has yet to convince me.

I ate dinner with Matt and Todd. Debbie had a previous arrangement made with some Japanese agents. I was just as happy not to be seen with her. We'd be the talk of the town. Todd was already all over it.

"That babe that sat next to you at the last session, d'you get lucky?"

"If you mean sex, then no."

"She's from Texas. Word has it she's a nympho and fucks guys at every convention."

"So go hit on her man!" I encouraged. "She told me her name's Debbie."

"Go for it, Todd!" Matt chimed in.

"Oh yeah, Matt? Like you and that high-school kid?" Matt, I was then told, had propositioned a hooker in the bar after lunch. Only the woman turned out to be a girl and the daughter of the bar tender. A shouting match ensued and Matt almost took a fist to the head.

"The bitch is, I can't drink in the bar tonight."

When I got to my room after dinner, I closed the door and smiled. I relished the quiet. Nothing left to do today. I was going to wank! Then I passed through the hall between the closet and bathroom, and frowned. My room was as messy as it when I'd left. I'd let Camilla get out of cleaning my room, and if I called maid-service now, she'd get screwed, figuratively this time. Somberly I set about clearing up. There really wasn't that much to do. No clothes on the floor, and the loose papers on the desk didn't bother me. But Camilla had squirted when I ass-fucked her, and there was a somewhat repulsive stain on the bedspread. The sheets, thankfully, were clean.

I made the bed and straightened up a bit, all done in the nude. I was home alone and warming up to service my beautiful cock. As I walked around the room my penis became semi-stiff and bobbed in front of me. Casually, every-so-often, I would run my hand up the shaft or play with my balls. My cock would get stiffer and stiffer. I remembered that I did have to read a 2-page report before the morning session and lay on the bed to read. As I concentrated on the text, my cock jealous for attention, became rock hard, reaching it's full extension.

Putting the report aside, and bunching all the pillows behind my back, I looked down at my glorious erection and decided it was time. I spread my legs out to either side and adjusted my ball sack, pulling it up and away from the sheets. Taking the baby-oil bottle in hand, I dribbled some on my cock-head and began rubbing it in. Two or three tentative fist strokes and I took my hands away to rub my thighs and balls, my chest and stomach.

My cock was pointing straight at the ceiling and gently rocking with the coursing blood running through its heavy veins. I was just about to start rubbing in earnest when there came a knock on the door. My voice hardly disguised my frustration when I shouted, "who is it?"

"Debbie!"

Shit, I'd forgotten about her. I debated putting a robe on, but figured I knew what she was here for. I opened the door slowly, making sure it wasn't Matt with a practical joke, and let Debbie in when I saw she was alone. When she saw me and my erect state she smiled eagerly.

"Oohh, is that for me?! Oh my God, you're huge! Oh my, oh my, oh oh oh." 

Her excitement just kept building, in no small part because she was taking off her clothes as fast as she could. There were no sticklers for foreplay here. 

Debbie lay down naked on my bed and spread her legs. She began rubbing and fingering herself and told me to keep stroking my hard on.

"Oh, man, I see you had no trouble getting hard now. You gonna fuck me with that thing?"

"That can be arranged."

"You gonna cum on me?"

"You like it in you or on you?"

"No, not in me, never in me. Squirt on my ass or stomach."

"What about in your hair and on your face?"

"You need it there, baby? You need to spray on my face?"

"I need some fucking before I cum."

Debbie didn't apparently. I'd been standing in front of her slowly stroking my hard-on while we debated the future placement of my seed. Debbie meanwhile had rubbed herself to at least one little squeaking orgasm. I was standing close enough to the bed for her to put her feet on my chest and the feel of her toes on my nipples had warmed me up to the idea of fucking this woman in lieu of enjoying my Wank.

Soon I was plowing Debbie's field while standing aside the bed. Her long legs rested on my shoulders and her head was off to the right. Occasionally she would open her eyes, return to the present and smile at me. I could feel her insides fluttering and knew she had reached orgasm a few times. Sharon has what she calls mini-ohs and maxi-ohs. Apparently, Debbie was enjoying lots of mini-ohs. Even when looking at me, there was a glaze in her eyes and she wasn't saying much. Her small breasts were flat to her chest in this position even though when she'd been standing they seemed prominent. 

"Your cock feels so good inside me." Debbie's voice seemed to come from out of nowhere. We'd entered a meditative zone with me pumping back and forth in a steady rhythm and she rocking her head from side to side softly while her insides fluttered endlessly. Now though, her gaze was focused at my cock penetrating her bushy cunt. Her chin was on her chest and her hands were pinching her nipples.

"Here I cum, baby, here I cum!" It sounded like something I might say and almost made me laugh, but then her vaginal walls constricted something fierce. I continued pumping once or twice more, but I wasn't going in and out, just pushing her whole body back and forth. This vice grip held for a minute or two at least and Debbie was curled up off the bed as if she was doing sit-ups. 

Then with a heavy sigh, Debbie let go: falling to the bed, hands to her side, and her cunt literally popping off my bat. 

"Damn!" She declared, regaining consciousness with a bolt and hopping up to sit on the edge of the bed. She put my dick in her mouth for some sucking, but also kept talking, making comments on how good a fuck I was and how deep my cock had entered her, and how thick, and so on and so on.

As Debbie sucked my dick, I was trying to psych myself into cumming. Just as I was getting close, there was a knock on the door again.

Debbie stopped sucking and looked at me questioningly. I just shrugged my shoulders.

"Should I get it?"

"Like that?" I asked pointing to her naked state.

"No, silly, I'll let go of the cock." And then she was up and at the door.

"Who is it?"

"Room Service."
