 Author's note:

By popular demand, a follow-up to The Waif and The Wall. I've tried capturing the tone of the original and add some spice. See what you think and let me know.

~~~~

Morning. My arm looked massive curled around Beth as we cuddled in her bed.

She wriggled. "Mmmm... I like you holding me."

"Any regrets?"

"Oh, I'm a little embarrassed, maybe. I never just jump into bed with someone. I wanted you to come in and talk, but never planned on this."

"Neither did I, Beth. Things just happened."

"Yeah." She took a breath and let it out slowly. "It was wonderful."

"Bullshit. It hurt you. I hate that."

She kissed my cheek. "So you take getting used to. It was just our first time. We'll get better."

I said, "Just our first time?"

Beth's eyes searched mine. "You... you want to keep seeing me, don't you? You didn't just fuck me out of pity... or to see what being with someone small is like, did you?"

"No! I want to keep seeing you. I was worried you only slept with me to find out what it was like to be with someone big."

Relief sweep across her expressive face, soon replaced by joy then desire. I'd never met anyone so open and easy to read and my heart swelled. I rolled to face her and we kissed and caressed. I needed to take her again. She must have felt the same since she started stroking me, getting me hard.

There was tapping at the bedroom door. Beth scrambled to cover us when her door cracked open. Her roommate Amanda peeked in. 

"Are you indecent?" She pushed open the door and strode in, her arms full of our clothes.

Beth pulled the sheet higher. "Amanda! Get the hell out of here!"

"You'll want these," said Amanda, setting everything on a chair. "Next time you rip each other's clothes off, don't fling them all over the living room, okay?" 

Beth hid her face against my side. "Oh, right. Thanks, roomie."

Amanda then stood there, looking at us with a wry grin, dressed only in a silky kimono-style robe that reached mid-thigh. 

She was such a contrast to Beth: average height with brown eyes and a good curve to her figure. Her dirty blonde hair was pinned up in a messy pile that bared her neck. She had naturally arching eyebrows gave her a knowing, mischievous look.

"Hi Jonas," she said.

"Er, hi Amanda."

"You two look so comfy. Any room for me?"

Beth said, "Okay, thanks for our clothes. Now Good BYE, Amanda."

Amanda feigned a pouty disappointment then sauntered out.

"Sorry," said Beth. "She's nosy sometimes. I hoped we could sneak out before she woke up."

I cleared my throat. "Last night... what did you mean she'd want to join us?"

Beth said, "Do you... do you remember meeting her at a party?"

I had fuzzy memories meeting Amanda at a house party months before. My team had won an big rugby match and they insisted on doing shooters all afternoon. We were well lubed by the time of the party.

"Sure," I said. "We talked in the kitchen. I was a little drunk though. Hope I didn't embarrass myself in front of your roommate."

"Not at all... she said you were really sweet."

~~~~

We wanted to cuddle longer, but rugby practice was at nine. Beth was so sore from our night together I had to help her to the bathroom. We showered together, kissing and running soapy hands over each other.

Beth engrossed herself feeling my broad chest and dick. She exclaimed at the bruises and scrapes all over me.

"These are from rugby? You call that fun?"

"You should see the other guys."

Her tight body was a wonder, as was her nearly flat chest that was so sensitive. I got behind her, massaging her chest while planting little kisses on her neck and shoulders. Beth began breathing rapidly and reached behind to stroke my dick as I massaged and toyed with her. 

Only a few minutes passed before Beth arched her back and pressed against me. She held both my hands still on her chest as she made short little gasps. She had come just from having her chest played with. 

Beth turned in my arms and we kissed while she recovered. Then with an impish look, she sank to her knees to engulf the head of my dick.

What a sight: Beth looking up with her angelic eyes, working to stuff my dick in her mouth. I was too big for her to get much more than the head in, but she bobbed and tongued the underside while fondling my balls. Her eager, playful look and the sensations would have made me come quickly if she hadn't drained me so completely the night before.

Beth worked away until I saw she was tiring. I was about to pull her up when she wiggled a soapy finger into my ass and did something inside that triggered a jolting, abrupt orgasm. Beth's throat worked to swallow the sudden blast of cum as my knees weakened.

"Yummy," Beth said when she got to her feet.

I could barely think. "That was incredible. What WAS that?"

"Oh, just a little trick I know." She smiled sweetly, batting her eyes.

"Let me return the favor. I loved licking you last night."

"And I loved you doing it. But I'm too achy for more right now. Can you come back tonight? It's Saturday, so Amanda will be out at the dance clubs again. I understand if you don't want to... I'm so sore I might only be able to cuddle."

"Beth, I'd wash dishes and do your laundry if it meant being with you."

~~~~

We had planned to eat out, but by the time we dressed Amanda had a huge breakfast waiting.

"I don't know what guys like you eat, so I made a bit of everything."

Beth was not pleased with Amanda intruding again, but we sat, ate and talked. 

They said they had been roommates since college. Sharing an apartment was the only way they could afford a place so close to downtown.

While we ate, Amanda flirted openly—leaning close and touching my arm, playing with her hair or casting seductive looks. Her short robe flashed her inner thigh when she leaned back and opened to reveal the side of a boob each time she leaned forward. It made me uncomfortable, and I caught Beth casting harsh looks at her roommate.

Beth told Amanda about the idiot she punched at the pub the night before, and the guys who later tried to pick a fight with me on the street.

"I don't get it," said Amanda, "Jonas could have smashed those guys. Why run away?"

I explained my technique of confusing obnoxious drunks, and why I avoided fights.

"What a shame," Amanda said, sitting back and stretching. The top of her robe spread wide, threatening to pop her boobs into the open. "I'd love to see you lay a beating on someone."

"Seriously?"

"It's hot seeing guys do manly things."

"Getting into ego-flapping brawls is the opposite of manly," I said. "Come watch a rugby match. We get to be 'manly' without going to jail."

Amanda took a bite of toast then said, "So... staying over again tonight, Jonas?"

Beth scowled. "Way to put him on the spot, Amanda. And yes, you're going out so we're planning to stay in." She smiled. "There's a movie I want to watch."

Amanda rolled her eyes. "Yeah, sure. Just pick up your clothes this time. Not that I minded seeing Jonas naked." 

"Sorry about that," I said, " I didn't know you'd come home."

"Oh, I didn't mind. It was nice seeing your dick again."

Beth shushed her roommate then looked at me with embarrassment.

"Wait. What?" I said.

Amanda leaned back in her seat. "...though I'm miffed I'm so forgettable. You were pretty pickled at that party, though."

"No, I remember you," I said. "We talked, but that's all. I was a little drunk."

"You were trashed, Jonas," said Amanda, "But hilarious and charming. That's why I let you drag me to one of the bedrooms." She paused. "But you passed out just when I got your dick in my mouth."

"Oh, no," I said. "That's terrible! I did that? I never... I mean... did you know about this, Beth?"

Amanda nudged her friend. "He's blushing."

Beth said, "Back then, Amanda only said she hooked up with some football player who fell asleep. We laughed. I didn't know it was you until she pointed you out at the pub that night I ran right into you. I wasn't going to mention it yet." She glared at Amanda.

"That's not like me at all," I said. "I guess I was really drunk." I suppressed a smile. "Sorry for falling asleep on you, Amanda. Don't feel bad... I'm sure it was the booze, not the blowjob."

Beth nearly spit out her food. Amanda backhanded my arm. "You ass!" 

We laughed. When Amanda got up to take my plate to the kitchen, she leaned close and whispered, "You can make it up to me later."

~~~~

At rugby practice I was useless, distracted by thoughts of Beth and our night together. Then there was flirty Amanda. I remembered her being funny and sexy at the party, and exactly the type who would never go for an ugly brute like me. And Beth knew about it but still slept with me?

My teammates were pissed. "Jonas, get your mind off pussy and focus on the drills. We've got a competition next week."

~~~~

Practice was followed by a match and I managed to get my head into the game. When it was over, I was surprised to see Beth and Amanda leaning over the railing in the stands.

Amanda said, "Those tackles were brutal, Jonas. You're a beast." She wet her lips and looked me up and down like she would leap over the rail and rip my clothes off. 

Mopping away sweat and grime, I said, "We're not trying to kill each other, despite what it looks like sometimes. There's a saying: rugby is a beastly game played by gentlemen."

"Well, beastly gentleman," said Beth, "Get cleaned up. Amanda has errands to do, and I'm taking you to lunch. My treat."

~~~~

A small bistro was a few blocks away. Inside, we talked and joked. Having only met the night before, I expected awkwardness, embarrassment, even late regret. Instead, we were comfortable with each other, like old friends. It helped that Beth was mesmerizing to watch—her face, hands and huge eyes telegraphing every emotion. How could she go through life being such an open book?

We were just finishing our meals when Beth flashed a serious look. "So, Amanda was flirting pretty hard this morning, huh?"

I feigned surprise. "She was? I wasn't sure. She was really subtle."

"Oh, yeah," Beth snorted, "like a brick to the face. I told her to tone it down. She's just a little ticked off we got together last night. She had planned to drag you back with her from the pub. To finish what you two started."

"Huh? She barely even said hello."

"She saw how well we were getting along. She's a good friend. She knows it's hard for me to find guys."

"I can't believe that, Beth. You're wonderful."

"Yeah, well, guys want boobs and blonde hair. It happens all the time: I meet a guy, things are going great, then they meet Amanda and forget all about me."

"Oh. Well, I've met Amanda, and you're all I can think about, Beth."

Beth pursed her lips. "Your sweet. But I don't have any claim on you. You're attracted to her... obviously, since you tried to fuck her. So if you prefer Amanda, go for it." She looked away. "It's better it happens now. It hurts too much if it happens later"

I reached across the table to touch her hand. "Beth, I have no intention of sleeping with Amanda. Yes, she's pretty. But looking around this restaurant right now I see, like, eight women who are really attractive. Seven of them I have absolutely no interest in sleeping with."

Beth ducked her head, furtively studying the women at the other tables. "Who's the one you'd want to sleep with?"

I squeezed her hand. "You."

~~~~

The September air was chilly when we stepped outside, wind swirling leaves beside the building. We were surprised to find it was getting dark. How long had we talked?

A group of three guys were just entering. It took a moment to recognize the taller one was the asshole Beth had punched the night before at the pub.

"I don't believe it," he said, "It's that nasty little bitch from last night."

"Hey," I said, "watch your mouth, will you?"

He barely glanced at me. "Mind your business, buddy. This little cunt nearly broke my jaw."

"And you didn't deserve it?" Beth said, clenching her fists.

I knew how to defuse things: use my de-escalation technique: apologize, appeal to fun, then baffle them with bullshit.

"Ok," I said, "Let's calm down. Hey, buddy, do you know anywhere around here to—"

A hand on my shoulder was followed by a car wreck jumble of stars. I found myself on the ground, disoriented and fuzzy. One of the creep's friends had sucker-punched me.

By the time my senses cleared and I got to my feet, the creep was on his back with one hand over a bloody nose and the other fending off blows as Beth kneeled on his chest screaming curses.

His friends were moving towards her. I saw red, but dealt with them without hurting them too badly.

Beth struggled when I pulled her off the creep. He wasn't howling and teary eyed, so she probably hadn't broken his nose. The other two were just dazed.

A crowd was gathering, phone cameras out. Beth and I looked at each other, then fled.

~~~~

Adrenaline wore off about three blocks away. We leaned against an alley wall, breathing hard and laughing.

"We really need to work on your interpersonal skills," I said, "but you're right... it is more satisfying to just punch them."

Beth grinned then touched my reddened jaw. "You okay?"

"All except my pride. It's been a while since someone decked me."

"Poor baby. I'll protect you next time."

~~~~

Amanda greeted us when we got back to her apartment. Her hair was down and she was dressed for the dance clubs with a hip-hugging miniskirt and loose crop-top.

"You were supposed to be gone by now," said Beth.

Amanda shoved her phone's screen at us. "Congratulations, you two. You've gone viral."

We sat in the livingroom as Amanda showed clips taken by passersby and through the window of the bistro.

Amanda narrated: "Jonas gets clobbered. And here the bastard grabs you, Beth. You boot him in the crotch... he doubles over... and wham! Knee right to the face. Beautiful."

I was impressed. "Beth... that's excellent technique."

"I've had some practice," she said sourly.

Amanda pointed back to the screen. "And Jonas, you just... disposed of those two idiots. Like some wrestling move."

I grimaced. "It wasn't very fair, but they looked like they were going after Beth. It only knocked the wind out of them, I think."

More videos appeared. Someone remixed clips from various angles into a funny montage with epic music, slow motion replays, and cartoon sound effects.

The three of us scrolled through the videos and comments, amazed how much attention it was getting. Beth was surprised to see praise with titles and comments like "Tiny women represent," "Small and mighty," and her favorite: "Wonder Waif!"

At some point while we watched, Amanda had rested her hand on my thigh. She gasped when a low-motion remix focused on my actions appeared. 

"That's so hot," she said. "I wish some guy would handle me that way."

"You really want some guy flinging you around, forcing you into things?" I said.

"Well, not assholes like those creeps. But when it's the right man..." Amanda raked her nails up my thigh. "it might be okay for them to... take what they want."

Beth scoffed. "Guys always try to take what they want. That's the problem."

"No," said Amanda, "the problem is the right guy never tries to. Only creeps."

I threw my hands up. "How's a guy supposed to know if he's 'right' or a creep? Why can't it just be mutual? 'Take what they want?' That's like caveman days." 

"You're 'the right guy'" she said, spearing me with a hungry stare as she wet her lips.

"So if I dragged you to the bedroom by the hair, or ordered you to show me your tits you'd just do it?"

Amanda glanced at Beth, flashed a grin, then whipped off her top and bra and flung them to the floor.

Beth was incredulous. "Dammit, Amanda... you have no shame."

"What?" said Amanda, sitting up so her boobs stuck out, further entrancing my riveted eyes. 

Her medium-sized breasts stood proud, slightly pointy with an enticing upward curve and lovely nipples begging for an eager mouth. She had a tiny smile as she watched me watching me absorb the vision of her luscious tits.

To Beth, she said, "Aren't you going to obey?"

"Oh, no. I don't obey creeps or cavemen. He'll have to make me."

Beth's expression was teasing, daring, amused. When I grabbed for her, she leaped from the couch with a screech, but I caught her halfway down the hall. Dragging her back to the livingroom, I shucked off her top. Beth was too small to need a bra.

I paused, admiring her shallow mounds with oversized aerolas and sensitive nipples. Having experienced nothing but massive tits all my life, I was still entranced.

"Cavemen don't wear shirts either," suggested Amanda, lifting her eyebrows. 

I tugged off my shirt and struck a pose.

"Mmmm," Amanda said, raking me up and down with hungry eyes. "So what now, mister caveman?" Her eyes sparkled.

I glanced to Beth. Were we really doing this? The lift of her eyebrows, a shrug, then a nod told me we were.

Tossing my chin at Amanda, I growled, "The rest. Off."

Amanda obediently stripped naked and stood with hands behind her, smirking. Her waist was narrow, her hips wide. The wispy patch of fur coating her pussy revealed she was a natural blonde. She had a body meant for sin, with an attitude to match.

When I looked at Beth, she bent forward, sneered and stuck out her tongue. Again I had to tackle her, strip her, and pull her back as she squirmed and protested, laughing and swatting at me.

Beth stood beside her friend, covering herself.

"Hands at your side," I barked, getting into it. "I want to see. Now, spin. Show me all of you."

Both turned. Beth's tight round ass contrasted wonderfully with Amanda's ample double-teardrop shape which flexed delightfully when she went up on the balls of her feet. Amanda smirked over her shoulder.

"You're not going to... mate with us, are you, mister caveman?" she said, leering.

Beth was also looking at me. She tossed her eyes skyward then scooped her hands upwards to signal, "Just do it."

I felt like The Hulk, shirtless with my pants painfully tight. I wanted to fuck the teasing, flirting, sexy Amanda—give her what she thought she wanted. I also wanted to make love to my beautiful feisty Beth. Wait... my Beth? We only really met the night before. She wasn't mine, and if I wasn't careful in this situation, she never would be.

Suddenly Beth was kneeling before me, undoing my pants.

"Mr. Caveman looks troubled. It's okay. Let me help you out of these clothes." She winked. "After all, you're used to animal skins, right?"

Beth pulled my pants and underwear off, my dick springing into her face. She furrowed her brow. "Maybe it's Amanda's turn to say hello to this fellow, since she wants it so bad."

Beth stood and pulled Amanda towards me.

Amanda's eyes were wide. "God, Beth... he's huge."

"You saw him before."

"It was dark. And he was only half hard. How on earth did you two..."

Grabbing Amanda behind her neck, I forced her to her knees. "Pleasure me, woman," I boomed, trying not to smile.

Amanda's chuckle was cut short when I pulled her towards my dick. She looked apprehensive, but she shrugged then dutifully took me into her mouth. She could take more of me than Beth, but she still struggled.

I tightened a fist through her hair, forcing me further into her mouth.

Beth got on her knees beside her friend. "Having trouble, Amanda? You wanted this, remember. Wait until he comes. He comes buckets. He comes like a freight train."

I reveled in the sensations as Amanda looked up, eyes half-filled with amusement, half-filled with fear, doing her best to please me. She sucked and licked, one hand holding my heavy balls. She was obviously practiced, but a blowjob wasn't what I wanted. 
