 Dave called in the late afternoon on Monday, inviting us to his 33rd birthday party. It was always an event where there were lots of children running around wildly and beer flowed freely. I didn't like the wild children aspect but it was always a good party with good people. So naturally, I agreed. 

He asked if he could speak to my husband, his childhood friend, DJ. I just stopped in my tracks and said, "DJ doesn't live here anymore, Dave." He laughed and asked why.

I didn't have all the reasons settled out myself so I began to ramble, tearing up. Finally, I ended on, "...you can contact him at work though." I recited his work number by memory as DJ hadn't had the chance to get a new home phone yet. We made our goodbyes and hung up. 

Around the middle of the week, I called DJ and he confirmed that we were both expected at the party. Dave had expressed surprise at me wanting to come back since I really didn't have to. I was not going to give up the chance of free beer and hanging out with good friends, even if they all seemed to have crazy kids. (DJ and I hadn't managed to successfully have children and thinking back, this was a good thing. I didn't seem to have the patience they required.) 

On Saturday, they picked us up at our house. It was doubtful that we were coming back anytime that day, if we had our way. Everyone would be too drunk to drive. DJ and I were wearing our usual black outfits, he in a shorts and a tee-shirt outfit and I was wearing a pair of slacks and a nice cotton wrap shirt that showed off my more than ample cleavage nicely. 

When I got into the car, I noticed that Di was wearing short cut-offs and a black cami with her bra straps showing defiantly, she was driving. Dave was wearing his usual skateboard shorts and a tee over them, with a very familiar devilishly grin. He asked if we were ready to go, we said, "Yes!!" as I put on my shoes, giggling. He laughed and touched Di's thigh as she started the minivan. 

We talked about the usual stuff; jobs, kids, what everyone was doing, Dave's band and their recent fallout, what a beautiful day it was. Dave's band had just broken up because of the guitarists had decided that they didn't like what was happening, so they formed another band. That was another reason for the party, they were auditioning a few guitarists to see if they liked the material and were in sync with the rest of the band. Dave and Mike were the only remaining members but that was the drummer and lead singer. Guitarists were a dime a dozen anyway. 

Dave laughed at this and Di shook her head in agreement. 

I noticed we didn't talk about the recent break-up and honestly, I was happy to have things back to normal for a short time. I smiled at DJ and he returned an equally pleased smile back to me, reaching to rub my back. 

We were the first ones to arrive at the party with the hosts and help unload the extras they picked up at the store. Di and I had fun setting out the chips and pop as DJ and Dave fired up the grill. I was very surprised to notice that sometime in the summer they had gotten a nice sized pool, it looked very inviting. 

Di started up the grill and put the meat on it as people were showing up; friends and family. We went upstairs and got the salads, deviled eggs as the brats, hot dogs and hamburgers were finishing. Soon, we had the whole lunch set out before us and we invited the birthday boy to get his meal first. He blushed and smiled again as he got his food, then we all dug in. 

I got a nicely grilled brat and hamburger with some deviled eggs (my secret weakness at picnics) with a pint of beer. I found a comfy chair and sat at the end of the table, DJ sat at the end next to me. The rest of the party gathered around the table with their chairs in a rough semi-circle. Drinks were served and we ate very well, some of going back for seconds of beer, brats or, in my case, deviled eggs. *^_^* 

Di was serving a drink she called a Bomb Pop; it had raspberry lemonade with vodka in it. She offered it to me but I wasn't drinking anything harder than beer. I was already buzzing and was only on my second. DJ was helping me occasionally too. 

When Di's mom and dad showed up, we all welcomed them and offered them food. They ate and her mom accepted a Bomb Pop but winced at the vodka that had settled to the bottom. Soon she was queasy and got up hastily, after that Di's dad, Rick made his apologies because his wife was not feeling well. We waved good-bye sadly, he always had excellent stories. 

It was like that was the unofficial sign to break up the party. Mike was still trying out guitarist and they retired to band room to put them through their paces and try them on similar stuff. He took his bubblegum girlfriend with him and then it left us with Di, Dave and the kids. The kids wanted to go swimming so we watched them frolic in the water, trying to splash us. 

DJ went over and splashed both of them in return, that started a splash fight that DJ came back with a wet tee-shirt and a happy satisfied smile with a job well-done. I smiled and asked him to refill my cup for the third time, I noticed he drank half of it before he served it to me. Splashing is thirsty work. 

At the kids got out of the pool, Di spirited them away upstairs with their other grandmother so that they could watch videos. When she came back, Dave and DJ had stretched out on their chairs and I was rubbing my eyes, feeling sleepy with the beer and sunshine. As Di danced down the stairs, all three of us watched her breasts sway slightly with the bounce off of each stair. She smiled when she reached the bottom and we smiled back openly, inviting her to sit down with us. 

Before she could reach the table, the guitarist fingered a familiar rift of Blue October's "Balance Beam." Di's eyes went wide and her hips caught the rhythm as she began to dance. She giggled childishly and enticed her husband to join her. I heard him make a strange remark, that is why he was a drummer because he didn't have to dance much that way. She giggled again and pulled him close to just sway with the song. 

"Madam?" DJ had sat up and offered his hand to me. I got up as gracefully as I could manage with my buzz on. He entwined his hand around my waist and swayed gently with the song, which was definitely not a swaying song. I looked over at Dave and Di, they were swaying also--Dave's head with on her chest and she was rubbing the back of his head. His eyes were closed and he looked like he was supremely enjoying the attention. His eyes opened and he grinned at me. 

I put my arms around DJ's neck and looked back at him lazily, my eyes still heavy. Dave mouthed, you wanna trade? I raised an eyebrow and he nodded against her mildly massive breasts. He released Di with a kiss and one of his trademark 'I am up to no good' smiles. She went to get a drink and settle into her seat as Dave tapped DJ on the shoulder. DJ was lost in the scent of my hair, which he missed dearly from the feeling. Dave tapped again, a bit sharper as he said quietly, "Excuse me. May the birthday boy break in?" DJ released me and offered my hand to Dave. I curtsied and allowed myself to be gathered up in his arms. 

He exclaimed, "It's nice to dance with someone my size for once!" He as taller than me by a few inches. 

DJ spoke up saying, "I would love to lay against her chest like that though!" We all giggled. 

"Me too!" I said as Di showed me a grin that said, she would not mind either. 

The song ended and they were just noodling around so we took our seats at the table. 

Dave looked at me and said, in the straightest face he could manage, "I would really like Lexie to give me one of her wonderful blow jobs for my birthday."

I gasped, knowing that DJ talked about my oral talents but I never dreamed they would be called upon. I shot a quick look at Di and she was nodding slowly, licking her lips thoughtfully. I looked at DJ also and he had a strange smile that told me that he was up for anything. We had discussed this scenario and knew he wouldn't have a problem with it; he had always had a thing for Di's amazonian body. 

So, turning to Dave, I said with a grin of my own, "Really?" 

He just nodded and I saw his cock was beginning to show through his shorts. I scooted my chair so we were knee to knee, I bent to his lap and my breasts were laying against his thighs, he moaned slightly with the view he had. I grabbed the button-fly and pulled it apart, reaching my hand into his boxers. My hand found his velvety softness thicker than I thought he would have but gently, I pulled it away from the restriction. He moaned a little louder and I looked at Di; she was behind him, playing with his hair, helpfully. Her eyes were very interested as I was satisfied that I did this with her permission. 

My soft hands worked his thick cock to full mast, which surprised me. For a short guy, he was hung like a small horse. I smiled at the challenge as my hands kneaded his flesh to hardness, exciting him more. I leaned over and kissed his cock on the top as he exhaled loudly. My tongue found its way around the head and underneath it, licking it steadily. I stayed on the head, not taking it any further as I teased him with my teeth. 

I was surprised to feel a hand gently on my neck, pushing me down onto Dave's cock. I looked up and Dave was lost to this world, thoroughly enjoying his birthday present. Di was not where she was before, I looked up and directly into her eyes as she pushed me gently down onto his cock again. I opened up wide and let her control me, as the saliva slipped out of my mouth in compensation for the thick cock I was getting mouth fucked by. Her fingers began to massage my neck so I would relax. She controlled my depth to his tastes that she knew so well. 

Dave opened his eyes to this scene and just looked at both of us. She waved at him, dazed he waved back and smiled blissfully. At that moment, she angles me hard down on him again. His eyes went wide, almost crossing as he cried, "OH GODDAMN!!" She giggled and pulled me off of him gently, kneeling with me. The view of our faces and breasts alone would have made weaker men come but he smiled waiting for us to move. 

"Lexie, you have to take it deeper like this!" She demonstrated, expertly taking his cock into her mouth in one practiced motion. I could tell she was allowing him deep in her throat to get him in that far. 

I said, "Okay, Di," obediently but she didn't give up his cock, now that she had a taste for it. I watched as she continued to deep-throat him. Dave went limp in his chair, I noted in an amused way. 

Then I heard DJ cough lightly as he made his presence known. His cock was already hard with the show that we were putting on and my mouth was already warmed up. I took his smaller but just as thick cock in my mouth, sucking it softly and rhythmically like he loved it. 

I had him moaning and barely able to stand when Dave's voice rang out, "I want to come in Lexie's mouth, Di!" She backed off his cock and nudged me over, for me to finish him off as was his birthday right. I motioned to DJ's full dick and she smiled as she knelt in front of him. 

I tried to deep-throat him like Di did but I didn't have the practice she did. I had my hand stroking the bottom half of his cock and fingering his balls as my over salivation smoothed the way for my mouth to slip as much as two-thirds of the way down his length before my gag reflex kicked in. So I stayed where it was safe and caressed the rest for him. 

My eyes cut to Di and DJ just as his hips buried his cock in her throat, with a surprised cry. I was sure that she was getting the deluge of come that he always gave me. She took it like a professional, milking his spent cock for as much as she could get. 

Dave's cock was moving excitedly in my mouth, he was getting close himself. I took him as deeply as I could as Di's hand moved to my throat again to help. I was a pawn waiting for him to fill me up as she worked my mouth on his engorged thickness. Soon, he was shaking with his need for release and I braced myself for his deluge. He came hard into the back of throat and I gulped down the first wave as the second threatened me. I swallowed that quickly as he fed me more but he was spent, as my hand worked the rest in the chamber from him. 

I pulled myself up and wiped the saliva/come mix from my mouth as Di was directing me once again but this time to her lips and she hadn't wiped her mouth. She still had a dull shine of come on her lips as she kissed me, leaning down and into it. I was helpless and her hand was massaging the back of my neck as her tongue explored the come-soaked interior of my mouth. Our tongues danced in a mixture of our husband's cream but it was a losing battle as she lead this dance. Her left hand grabbed my right breast and searched for the nipple as she ravaged my mouth. I cried as she found it and worked her magic on it too. 

Behind her, the guys were recovering from their own comings but watched us interestedly. 

"God, that is fucking hot! Where did Di learn to kiss a girl like that!?!" DJ said, breathlessly. 

"Oh, she has wanted Lexie for a long time now, we just haven't had the chance until now," Dave said, nonchantantly. As Di's hand dropped from my breast to the crevice of my pants and felt there. She moaned softly as she felt my excitement also. Finishing her kiss, she pulled away and smiled at me, licking her lips. 

"I want to go for a swim!" she said as she immediately started undressing until she was standing in front of all of us in her cami and lacy panties that really showed off her ass. I smiled and threw off my shirt and pants, that left me in a pretty black lace bra and matching panties. The guys were smiling back and forth at us as they stripped down to their shorts and took off their shoes and socks. Soon we were climbing into the pool, Di went first, then I got in and swam to the other side and back to get used to the water. 

The guys got in and DJ made a comment about the coolness and how it was just what he needed. The words had just left his mouth as Di's mouth reached over and kissed him. He was surprised I could tell but she worked on him, putting her hand lightly on his chest and let gravity take it underwater to stroke him to fullness again. I watched amused as Dave padded over to me and laid up against the wall as he watched his wife make out with my husband, for the time being. 

I felt his hand drag mine over to his shorts and he smiled as I got the idea and stroked his growing cock in his shorts. I turned to him so that my breasts were against his chest and barely restrained by the lace containing them. He watched them ebb and flow with the motions that Di and DJ were making. He reached up for one to touch it as I fumbled open his short and took out his awakening cock. I stroked it lazily as I turned to the sight of Di positioning herself in DJ's lap against the wall. They weren't fucking yet but she was riding there against his erection with her pelvis. 

He was definitely enjoying himself and I smiled and waved, he just smiled back as Di lost her patience and ripped into his shorts bringing his cock out to massage it to fullness. I knew they would be fucking a few minutes so I turned my attention back to Dave, who was watching intently. 

I threw my legs over his and positioned myself to ride his cock. The water made it easier for him to slip into me as I moved my panties aside to receive him. He was gentle knowing that I hadn't been fucked by a cock of his size in forever, never. I took him in slowly, working my way down, making sure I had enough natural wetness to ease his way. 

I realized that he was stretching me and it was becoming painful with my panties pushed aside. I popped off of his cock hastily removing my wet undies as Di was panting loudly, so I turned to watch her being fucked against the wall. DJ was shuttling his cock into her as she was playing with her clit underwater. Di was lost to this world and DJ was in amazon pussy heaven as he cradled her against the wall, cupping her ass for ease of banging her away. 

I just smiled, knowing the feeling. 

My attention was brought back to Dave as he retrieved the panties and held them to his nose and inhaled loudly then opened his eyes giving me the most devilish grin, I had ever seen him give. He held me to him as he opened my pussy again and found his way into it again. He wasn't as gentle as before and with good reason, he didn't have to be--I was wide open for him. I felt his hands on my hips pulling me closer around him so he could get deeper. Soon, I was breathing heavily, my teeth grazing his shoulder teasingly as he rocked against me in the water. 

A long lone note rang out as Di came on the other side of the pool. I heard but was too busy getting filled to take much notice as DJ banged her against the wall, savoring the feeling of her. She cried with his strokes in her, her orgasm making his thrusts better for her. 

Dave smiled at them and I whispered in his ear, "Was that good for you, too?" He bent down to kiss me roughly, tonguing my mouth mercilessly. 

When he pulled away, he said, "Yes, but not as good as coming in you is going to be, Lex." He sped up in me and bent again to kiss me, exploring my mouth and my pussy at the same time as both did their best to make him feel welcome. 

We heard splashing from the other side as Di and DJ separated, breathing heavily as DJ had finally come in her. Their attentions focused on us, stilling working in the water as the waves reached them. They came over to us as sharks would scenting the prey. Di came up behind me, holding my breasts to her husband as he took one in his mouth. The other she fondled in her right hand appreciatively, bending to my shoulder and kissing there lightly. 

DJ came up behind me, holding me up on his knee, to his best friend as he pummeled my cunt under the water. I felt his arm move in the water behind me, seconds later, his fingers explored the cleft of my ass underwater. I tense up as I feel his finger in my ass and pushing in meanly, rudely..wonderfully. 

Under the lips of Di, with DJ and Dave penetrating me, I come gloriously into their pool water with a very loud, very strangled cry. Dave is still rides inside of my tighter pussy as he said, "With all of us at her, she doesn't last very long, we MUST DO THIS more often!" They all giggle except for me, I am too worn to laugh. Dave is working in me as I throb on his cock, he is grabbing my hips and forcing a faster rhythm, I feel as the birthday boy erupts in my tight space, filling me and leaving his own gift. 

Softly, slowly, DJ collects me into his arms and rubs my back. I am too exhausted to do anything but lay there. Di and Dave watched at us from the side of the pool, holding hands and smiling. I said, with a surprise reservoir of strength as I free myself from DJ's embrace, "Di, I would really like to taste you, can we go upstairs now?" A naughty grin plays at the sides of my mouth. 

Dave's eyes are huge as saucers as he nodded emphatically, I hear DJ breathe, "Oh, fuck, yeah." 

With that, I take Di's hand and we get out of the pool together, heading upstairs by taking them two at a time, giggling. The guys are following us eagerly, each planning their strategy as they climb the stairs. 

To be continued...