 As the reception drew to a close my new bride Sue was dancing with the best man Harry. The same Harry who two years before had taken my virginity and unleashed the flowering of my sexuality. A short while later, I met Sue who was rather a butch woman with cropped light brown hair. We hit it off straight away and began a passionate relationship. Both of us were bisexual with a high sex drive and a preference for women. In spite of the unconventional nature of our relationship, we decided to get married and live an outwardly respectable life while being free to pursue our wilder desires. Don't get me wrong, Sue was a fabulous lover and this was no marriage of convenience, but neither of us were capable of saying no and so agreed to have an open relationship during our married life.

I watched Sue and Harry on the dance floor, while dancing with the chief bridesmaid Jane who was a colleague of Sue's. A petite girl, highly feminine with long blonde hair, Jane was a complete contrast to my new bride. A few weeks earlier I had come back to the house which we had purchased to start our married life together and found Jane naked on the bed with her head buried between my fiance's thighs. Jane was very apologetic and quickly found a way to make it up to me, but that is another story.

We left the reception a few minutes later and headed upstairs to the bridal suite of the hotel. Sue sat down on the bed and we kissed passionately as I started to pull the bridal gown down over her shoulders exposing her luscious breasts. Her nipples were already hard as I started to suck on the right one whilst rolling the left between my thumb and finger.

Just then there was a knock at the door. I opened it and there were Harry and Jane. They came over to the bed and Sue lay down on the bed lifting up her dress showing her stockings, suspenders and hairy pussy with a moist opening below.

"I took these off earlier when I was getting her in the mood," grinned Jane, taking a pair of white silk panties from her handbag.

The sight of my sexy wife on her back wearing her dress in such a way that her tits and pussy were both exposed was too much to resist and I quickly stripped off my clothes and thrust my erect cock into her waiting hole. As I started to fuck my wife on our wedding night, Jane who had stripped down to her stockings and suspenders knelt on the bed above Sue's face and lowered her pussy onto my wife's mouth. At the same time, I felt Harry's well lubricated fingers prising my arse cheeks apart and exploring my back passage. I leaned forward and kissed Jane's pert little bottom before pulling her cheeks apart and starting to explore her rosebud with my tongue as she ground her pussy into my wife's face.

As I thrust into Sue's body while exploring Jane's arse with my tongue, I felt Harry's hard cock push between my cheeks seeking entrance to my back door. I instantly slowed my fucking of Sue almost to a stop to allow Harry to push his way into my arse and fill my rectum with his stiff meaty cock. 

When he was fully inside me I started to fuck Sue again and Harry and I slowly picked up the pace and rhythm of a three way fucking with me as the meat in the sandwich. The feeling of being fucked in the arse thus stimulating the base of my cock which was being further pleasured by the vaginal walls of my hot new bride and to cap it all tasting the arse of Jane as her lower body squirmed between our two faces was heavenly.

Jane was the first to come. I drove my tongue into her arsehole as far as it would go as her hips bucked and she screamed in ecstasy as her juices flooded over Sue's face. This was enough to send both Sue and myself over the top. I felt Sue's body shudder and her vaginal walls clamp me tightly as the orgasm flooded through her body. Her cries of ecstasy were somewhat muffled as her face was still buried in Jane's dripping pussy. As Sue came I couldn't hold on any longer and shot my load into her waiting hole. Thus our marriage was officially consummated in a somewhat unorthodox variant on the missionary position. Meanwhile Harry was still pounding away at my arse and I felt him increase the pace before filling me with a massive amount of his warm wet semen.

We all lay for a few moments before Jane broke the silence. "Thank you for sharing your special night with me. I feel like such a slut but a very very happy one," she said. 

"Well not everyone can be a respectable married couple like us," I replied. 

"I think you are redefining respectability here," joked Harry, "having your best man suck you off outside the church before anally fucking you on the wedding night". 

Sue removed her dress and smiled at Jane. "Can you stop a respectable woman making a mess on the bed," she said pointing to her pussy which was beginning to leak copious amounts of our combined fluids.

The insatiable Jane needed no further encouragement to go down on Sue in the 69 position and begin to lap up the combination of mine and Sue's bodily fluids which were dribbling out of her pussy. Harry and I held each other tight and kissed as we watched the two women explore each other's bodies with a degree of tenderness which was a contrast to the wild lustful passion of a few moments earlier. 

"Have you ever been with a woman?" I whispered to Harry, who to the best of my knowledge was 100% gay. 

"No," he replied, "I have been drawn to men from quite a young age and although I have some good friends who are girls, I haven't had a girlfriend in that sense."

"Would you like to?" I said, noticing that his cock was beginning to stiffen again as we gazed on the erotic sight of the two women licking and caressing each other's body. 

"I don't know," he said, "I would be so nervous about getting things wrong even if she was willing to accept me for the sort of man I am."

"Do you fancy trying with Sue?" I suggested. "She loves anal and you're an expert at that as you so recently proved".

"I'd love to," he whispered, giving me a passionate kiss as his cock came back to life.

"What are you two whispering about?" said Sue, raising her head briefly from Jane's pussy. 

"Just trying to persuade the best man here to anally ravish the bride," I replied. 

"Oh that's all right. Just as long as you weren't planning anything naughty," she said laughing and winking at Harry.

"Hey I'm missing out here," said Jane, "I thought it was a perk of being a bridesmaid to get laid by the best man." 

"Don't worry you're not going to be left out," replied Sue, "the two boys can take each of us up the arse while we carry on in the 69 position. Are we all up for that?"

Harry and I moved behind Sue and Jane respectively and for the second time that night I kissed her pert little bottom, this time in full view of my wife who had a close up vantage point with her head between Jane's thighs in the 69 position. I loaded my finger up with lube and began to spread it around her tight little rosebud. When I pushed my finger into her tight little hole for the first time, Sue briefly broke off from licking her pussy smiled and blew me a kiss that said go on take my girlfriend's arse right in front of my face. When I felt that Jane was well lubed, I moved up her body and began rubbing my cock between the cheeks of her arse.

Sue responded to this by starting to lick and suck my balls as my stiff cock probed her friend's arse. Meanwhile as I looked over Jane's shoulder I could see that Harry had three fingers inserted into my wife's anal passage. As I pushed the head of my cock past the initial resistance of Jane's sphincter and entered her body, Harry twisted his hand and buried it up to the wrist in Sue's arse. Both women were in ecstasy at this stage with the juices flooding out of Sue's pussy and coating Jane's face with their sticky sweetness.

As I started to fuck Jane, Harry removed his hand from Sue's arse and immediately thrust his rock hard cock all the way up her arse, the very same cock that a short while earlier had been pleasuring me was now well and truly inserted into my wife.

Both Harry and I picked up the pace as each of us reamed the back passage of our respective partner. The feeling of Jane's tight but willing arse clamped around my cock while watching my new bride being ravished by my own male lover was so thrilling that it did not take long to build towards a climax. Soon I had to bow to the inevitable and shot my seed deep into Jane's rectum. 

As I came down from my climax it was obvious that Harry was approaching his. He quickened his pace thrusting harder and harder into Sue who was screaming in ecstasy. Eventually he could hold back no longer and with a final thrust deposited his cum deep inside a woman's body for the first time in his life.

For a while we lay together in silence, too exhausted to move or speak. It was Sue who broke the silence. "Oh my god!" she said, "that was so so hot. "To watch my husband fuck my lover like that while his lover did the same to me was such a fabulous experience, easily the best of my life. Thank you all of you for making tonight so special."

"Oh no," said Jane, "it's us who should be thanking you. I thought I was going to lose you after you were married but tonight...this.. it was something else." 

"Glad you enjoyed it but you don't have to worry about losing me. Both of us think you are such a hot babe that either or both of us would be available anytime you're feeling horny."

"You don't know what you're letting yourselves in for," said Jane, "I'm so horny so often you'll never see the back of me."

"The only time I'd want to see the back of you is when fucking you from behind," I joked.

"Thank you," she said, "I'm sure we could do that again."

"So Harry,"I said, "Have we converted you to the delights of women?"

"Well it was certainly delightful but I don't think I'll ever be straight," he said. "The lovely Sue might have been the first but after that experience she won't be the last."

"Is that an offer," piped up Jane, "I know it's greedy of me but I haven't had my pussy serviced tonight and technically you're still a heterosexual virgin until you've entered a woman via the front door."

"How could I possibly refuse such a lovely lady," laughed Harry.

Harry lay on the bed and I started to stimulate him orally, running my tongue up the length of his shaft and sucking the tip until he had a firm erection. Jane then lowered herself onto him and began to ride his cock. As she rode him, Sue sucked her nipples and fondled her tits while Harry and I were kissing. After a steady start, Jane upped the pace and Harry responded by bucking his hips in order to achieve maximum penetration. As they went for it both began to approach their climax. "Yes yes yes," yelled Jane as she had yet another orgasm quickly followed by Harry filling her with his cum. 

Jane leant forward and kissed him tenderly. "Thank you for making my perfect night even better," she said.

By this time we were all beginning to tire, and the two girls lay in one another's arms kissing and caressing each other's bodies. I had enough energy left to give Harry an anal fucking before we all collapsed in a heap and drifted off into a well earned deep sleep.