 The phone call to my boyfriend was not going well. I was fuming, but still John kept stumbling through his excuses.

"I'm sorry Cathy, but I just won't be able to make it down for my birthday. I really have to study some more for the next exam. It's in 4 weeks," he tried to explain, unsuccessfully, over the phone.

"But John, I've got a very special birthday present for you. I have spent a lot time preparing it," I complained.

"I don't have enough time to come all the way over there for the weekend. There really is too much work to do."

"You don't know what you're missing," I said temptingly.

"I'm sure it's great, but it'll have to wait till the end of semester."

"All right. I suppose I'll see you then, John," I concluded.

We said our good-byes and hung up. I was still annoyed that he could not take time off. Even though it was probably not all his fault. Going to college several hundred miles away must have been hard for him. It was just that I have planned everything perfectly for his little birthday party. I called up the restaurant and cancelled the booking. What a waste.

Still in a bad mood, left my bedroom and went downstairs.

"Hi Cathy. What are we going to have for dinner?" said Michael, one of my flatmates.

"I honesty don't give a damn," I snapped back.

"What's wrong with you?" asked Andrew, my other flatmate.

"Oh, nothing. John can't make it down for his birthday this weekend." I replied.

"Ah, I see. Does this mean that Andrew and I don't have to clear out this Saturday?"

That last comment reminded me yet again of how much trouble I went to for John. It wasn't an easy job to convince those two to vacate the apartment and avoid any embarrassing questions.

"Look, Mike and I were thinking of going out for Thai food tonight. Want to come along? It might make you feel better," asked Andrew nicely.

"Yeah, OK. Why not," I sulked, still dejected.

We set off to the restaurant, which wasn't far. Mike insisted that we stop off at the local bar for a drink or two. While they had a couple of beers and talked to some of the regulars, I sat quietly in the corner nursing a glass of sauvignon blanc. I never did like the bar that much: it was mostly full of losers, smelled of stale beer and you almost had to wade through the smoke. Being in a bad mood did not make me see this place in a better light.

My mind wandered off, and of course my thoughts turned to John. I had got a table at an impossible to book restaurant for Saturday. After that, we were to return to the empty apartment. Once at home, I would turn on the stereo, which I had prepared with some sexy music. Then I would seductively take off of my coat and dress (I had been practicing the art of stripping for many weeks) revealing what I had been wearing underneath all night. Of course, I had that all prepared too. I had bought a tight, black corset which had suspenders on the bottom end. Of course, I would wear sheer black stocking to highlight my beautiful legs. And as I peeled off my little black panties, he would have seen that I had especially shaved my pussy for him. After that, it would be getting down to the real fun. Thinking about this, I became horny, but at the same time very frustrated at what could have been this weekend. It was a waste of a really great birthday present.

They finally noticed that I wasn't having as much fun as they were and we set off for the food, at last. It was a good place, despite being a small suburban restaurant. The dinner certainly didn't disappoint tonight, with a fine selection of curries, seafood and salad dishes. Andrew was right: the meal was starting to cheer me up. However, I did not know whether it was the food or the bottle of wine that we had consumed during the course of the meal.

I was starting to get more talkative as I brightened (or was it the alcohol?). The conversation inevitably turned to John's birthday. The guys were obviously curious as to why I had requested them to be out while John was back in town. Mike, ever the wise-guy, was suggesting some pretty crazy scenarios. Eventually, I gave them the briefest idea of what I had in mind. I didn't want to tell them everything for obvious reasons, but I had to satisfy their curiosity, otherwise they would be badgering me all night, especially Mike.

Well filled with our meal, we walked home. We were not long in the apartment when Mike produced another half empty bottle of wine.

"We should finish this one as well. I opened it yesterday," he said.

I knew I should have gone to bed, but I was just beginning to enjoy myself. Against my better judgment, I agreed to help him finish off the bottle. Andrew looked tired as well, but together we cajoled him into joining us.

It didn't take long for the conversation to get down into the gutter again, Mike being especially smutty. Eventually, when we had run out of dirty jokes, we just laid back in the sofas, not saying much. I was about to retire to my room when Mike spoke up again.

"Cathy, why don't you show us this little act of yours?" leered Mike. "And don't forget the costume!"

My senses were a bit dulled from my tiredness and inebriation, so at first, the significance of what Mike said did not sink in. Then, as the words registered, I dismissed it as another one of his off-hand remarks. But then I thought 'why not?'. I had gone to all this trouble to get these clothes and had prepared my moves for so long, it really was a waste. Besides, I thought it would be useful to get these guys' opinion as to whether they thought John would be turned on by it.

"Yeah, OK," I finally said after a long pause.

The two guys looked at each other. I think they were more surprised than me at this decision. I left them in a state of shock as I went upstairs to change.

Hurriedly, I took off all my clothes and put on my corset. It was more difficult than I first thought as it laced up the back. As well as I could, I tightened the laces and tied the top of the skimpy garment. Because the corset did not cover my breasts, I put on a bra (this was an item of clothing that I had planned to omit for the real birthday surprise). I chose a nice, lacy underwire number which John said enhanced my cleavage. I slipped on the stockings and fiddled with the suspenders for a bit before I felt I had attached them just right. I changed by panties to a racier pair, a black lace number that suited the bra. Then I put on the pair of shiny black stiletto high heel pumps that I had also bought especially for the occasion. I admired myself in the full length mirror in my room, turning around several times.

"Perfect," I said to myself. "If this doesn't turn 'em on, I don't know what will."

I then decided what to put on top. I settled on a crisp white blouse teamed with a short black skirt that ended a few inches above my knees. The skirt complemented my lovely calves and shoes perfectly. I topped the whole thing off with a matching black jacket. I looked at myself in the mirror again and I liked the look. Neat and clean, almost business-like. I liked the way it contrasted with what it was hiding.

I teetered down the stairs, careful not to trip in those stilettos, which had a higher and thinner heel than I was used to. They made sharp, clicking noises as they struck the hard wood of the stairs. The two of them turned around as they heard me approaching. I was sure Mike was trying to look up my skirt as I descended and I laughed at his almost unconscious reflex.

I went over to the stereo and bent over to turn it on. I could almost feel their eyes on my round behind. A slow instrumental piece started up and I readied myself for the show.

At first, I was very embarrassed and self-conscious. I had never done this sort of thing before, not for John, and certainly not in front of two male flatmates. However, as I swayed slowly, I began to relax. I danced around by myself for another couple of minutes or so.

Eventually, I took off the jacket, sliding it slowly off my shoulder. Then, I deliberately undid the buttons of my blouse one by one. Soon, the front of the blouse was open, revealing the bra. I teased them for a bit, half taking off, then putting on the blouse. Suddenly, I whipped it off, spun it above my head and flung it across the room. I twirled around a bit more, making sure I shook my chest to add emphasis to my already prominent breasts.

I was really getting into my performance now. I was also beginning to feel more and more horny as I progressed: the sexy music, the naughty clothes, the obvious appreciation of my audience, my unusually slutty behavior. A familiar tingling feeling between my thighs was beginning.

I unzipped the skirt and let it fall around my ankles as the music was coming to an end. I left my bra, panties and corset on (they were my flatmates, after all). I had just enough time to turn around a couple to times to show off the fantastic outfit before striking my final pose, head flung back in abandon and one hand raised in the air in triumph. As I stood there, I hoped the two of them did not notice the damp patch starting to soak through my panties.

As they started to applaud, I turned to them and smiled broadly.

"So you liked it then?" I asked.

"Oh yes!", "Brilliant", "Encore", "That John sure is one lucky bastard" came the replies. More accolades came as I enjoyed my first standing ovation, bowing deeply several times and generally hamming it up.

The clapping died down and Andrew sat back down again. Mike, however, remained standing. He stared at me for a few seconds and then said: "Well then, are you going to show us the rest of your act?"

My first reaction was shock. I could feel my face become red. I had never thought of my flatmates in a sexual way before, even though neither was unattractive. I knew that Mike tried to make himself out as a real ladies man, but I had seen him trying to pick up girls at the bar and I knew he was never as successful as he tried to pretend. He was sort of a sheep in wolf's clothing. He was even kind of cute in his klutziness with women. Andrew was different to Mike. He was the quieter and the more sensitive of the two. He was more like a brother to me.

However, I was now in a very aroused state, probably more than I had ever been before in my life. My heart was racing and I could feel my hands shaking slightly. The hot feeling between my legs was becoming a stronger by each second. I gave them a sly little smile and wordlessly undid my bra, letting the straps slide down my arms.

Their jaws dropped in unison as my firm, round breasts were freed from their restraint. My nipples were so hard and erect that they were hurting. The two of them looked a bit silly with their mouths wide open. Neither one moved or said anything. I wondered to myself whether they were still breathing.

Since they weren't going to do anything, I made my move. I strutted over to Mike who was still standing there. The high heels made my breasts jiggle slightly and I could see both pairs of eyes following them. I could also hear a faint, squishing noises emanating from my private parts.

I reached Mike and put both my hands on his shoulders. It took a while, but he eventually got the hint and kneeled down on the ground. I wasn't satisfied with this and I pushed him back until he was lying down. I walked around until I was facing his feet and standing right over his face. I got down on my knees and slowly lowered myself until my pussy was almost touching his mouth. He began to pant and I could feel his hot breath through my sheer panties. I stayed there, not quite touching him, taking pleasure in this near contact.

Suddenly, he grabbed both my hips and pulled my down, forcing my now soaked twat onto his opened mouth. Involuntarily, I let out a gasp as he kissed and licked and sucked me through the material. I started to wriggle around, grinding my pelvis into his face. I could hear loud slurping noises from Mike as her tried to dislodge my panties with his mouth and taste my swollen folds directly. Eventually, he gave up and just tried flicking my clit with his tongue.

As good as this felt, it wasn't enough for me in my hyper-aroused state. While he continued to lick my pussy, I bent forwards and undid his pants, pushing them as far down as possible. Out sprang his dick, about as long as John's, but slightly wider. I sniffed the sweet smell of his pubic hair, but resisted the temptation to take his penis into my mouth at once. There was a large drop of pre-cum of the tip of his head, and I knew just what to use it for. I smeared the thick, clear liquid around his head with my fingers, making sure it was nice and slippery.

The attention to his penis made him cease his ministrations with his mouth and he also relaxed his grip on my hips. This allowed me to stand up and finally take my soaked panties off. I flung them lazily to the side and turned around to face him. I stood over my flatmate in near nakedness, my bare pussy framed in the corset, suspenders and stockings.

"Mmmm, nice. I never knew you shaved down there."

I knelt down again, this time positioning hips over his. I reached behind me and grasped his thick manhood, guiding it until it just touched the entrance of my hole. I moved his dick around the outside for a while, teasing him by almost putting it in, then raising my hips at the last moment. Eventually, this became too much for him to stand and he again grabbed my hips with his sturdy hands and pulled me down.

I was suddenly impaled on his shaft, the abundance of our combined lubrication ensuring that he was buried to the hilt on the first thrust. I let out a loud, high pitched yell as I felt the walls of my pussy stretch to accommodate this sudden invasion.

"Oh yeah!" said Mike. "You're so hot in there."

"Mmmmm, and you feel so big," I moaned as I rode his cock cowgirl style.

He began to rock his pelvis slightly, causing his dick to slide in and out. I tilted my head back and opened my mouth wider with this new sensation. "Ungh, ungh, ungh," I grunted with each little thrust.

We were now getting into a rhythm, Mike thrusting as hard as he could against the floor while I humped him back from the top. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed some movement. I looked over and I saw Andrew with his dick out of his pants. He was stroking it slowly.

A wicked idea popped into my head and I called Andrew over to us. At first, he was hesitant, but he eventually walked over after taking off his clothes. He stopped and stood near Mike's head and I had to motion him closer until I finally held his penis in my hand.

I regarded the tip and the large drop of clear, glistening liquid upon it. I stuck out my tongue and licked it off. The exquisite, salty taste of pre-cum always made me feel incredible turned-on, and now was certainly no exception. I pumped my hips harder down on Mike's cock as I opened my mouth wide and took Andrew in. The pungent smell of pubic hair filled my nose.

I had always enjoyed sucking my boyfriend's cock, but this was such an incredible new experience. I was gorging myself on one piece of meat while another large dick was sliding in and out of my saturated pussy at the same time. I was getting stuffed at both ends - I had never felt anything like it before!

Even though I could not fit the whole of Andrew's cock in my mouth, I sucked and slurped for all I was worth while caressing the base of his shaft with my hand. I must have done a good job, because Andrew came first, squirting thick strong cream into my mouth and grunting incomprehensibly. I savored each stringy mouthful on my tongue before eagerly swallowing it. However, he pumped out a lot more semen than I expected and I couldn't swallow it all. Some of it dribbled out of my mouth and down my chin.

The taste of cum in my mouth pushed me over the edge and I felt the beginnings of a huge orgasm. I released Andrew's cock and opened my mouth wide. "Oh yes. Oh God. Ah, ahh, AHHHH!" I screamed.

My pussy began to contract rhythmically. This massaged Mike's dick tightly, and this added stimulus made him come too. He gripped my hips tightly and thrust deeply one last time. I felt his hot cum splash against my cervix, my vaginal muscles milking every last drop out of his pulsating shaft.

After resting for a couple of minutes, I lifted myself off Mike's now softening rod and rolled over onto my back next to him. I wiped the residual semen off my chin with my fingers and licked it off, careful not to waste any of the delicious nectar. I was wallowing in that "just fucked" glow when I felt a pair of hands scoop me up. The next thing I knew, Andrew had deposited me on the dining table, my bottom hanging over the edge.

Evidently, Andrew had not had enough. He lifted my legs high in the air and plunged in. I was so wet by this stage that hardly felt it go in. He continued to thrust in and out for a while, holding my legs apart by the ankles. I suspect, however, that he too was feeling the lack of friction, for he soon pulled out. He pulled me off the table and onto my feet. I turned around and leaned over the table, presenting my ass high in the air. He firmly spread my legs apart, and I had to rebalance myself on the spike heeled shoes.

Andrew entered again, this time from behind, making me squeal in delight. His hands gripped my hips tightly, allowing him to push in deep and hard. Each thrust was accompanied by squelching noises as well as the slap of his thighs on my behind.

Mike had almost recovered and stood in front of me at the other end of the table. He put his half erect dick into my mouth, but Andrew was pumping me so hard from behind that I couldn't perform a really good blow job. Mike's cock was erect in no time, probably due more to the show he was being treated to than any skill on my part.

Andrew's pace picked up and I knew what was about to happen. He let out a loud grunt, his penis started to pulsate deep inside me. Then I felt him dump his load for what seemed like half a minute. I closed my eyes, enjoying this second injection into my pussy. I was now so filled with cum that it was running down the insides of my thighs and soaking the tops of my stockings. There were even some drops on my feet and shoes.

Of course, by this time I had completely abandoned sucking on Mike's penis. Not to be thwarted, he had been jerking off whilst watching the two of us. I opened my eyes just in time to see the first long string emerge from the tip of his head. It arced though the air and landed on my right cheek. Instinctively, I turned away, but of course it just kept coming. Soon, a sweet smelling river of sperm was running down the side of my face. A great amount of it had also landed through my hair. I felt so wonderfully dirty, almost covered from head to toe with thick, sticky cream.

Andrew apologized for making such a mess (he needn't have, really), and helped me wipe off most of it with some tissues. I cleaned my corset and shoes as best I could before the semen all dried. The guys made some coffee and we talked for a while. Mike was soon snoring on the couch. I excused myself, had a quick shower and collapsed into bed myself. I was so exhausted that I slept through almost the whole of the next day. 

The next few weeks were not as awkward as I would have thought. I made it clear to them that it was a one-off thing, something wonderful that happened at the spur of the moment, something that we shouldn't spoil with complications. Not that it stopped Mike from hinting about a repeat performance every now and again.

Mike, then Andrew, actually moved out a few weeks afterwards, both having found jobs elsewhere. The timing was perfect because John was planning to move in as soon as his college course finished. I'm still planning to give John his birthday present. Who knows? Maybe I'll even work up the courage to tell him about the first time I used that special outfit!