 How lucky could I be? From time to time I was having some wonderful sex with a beautiful woman I had met awhile back. Mary and I often talked about the fantasies we had about sex and how we would like to act them out. One night I told her about a fantasy another woman, Megan, had told me. One that took phone sex one step further. She wanted to participate with Mary and me. By this she wanted to have phone sex with us while we did the real thing. The thought was pretty exciting to me and Mary was game. The problem was trying to get our schedules the same so we could do this. One night while talking to Megan I suggested that we go one even better. On her next trip to where I live, how about watching Mary and I have sex in front of her live. She could listen and talk to us but she had the added bonus of getting to watch. Megan really liked the idea and we soon made the arrangements to make it happen.

A couple of weeks went by and the day came for Megan, myself and Mary to get together. Megan met me at my apartment and we drove to a local bar and met Mary. The women sat on either side of me and we talked about general stuff like work and what the cities we lived in were like. We had several drinks and soon the conversation turned to sex. We told each other about how nasty we liked sex and the girls told me how they were excited about what we were going to do. Next thing I know Mary slipped her hand under the table and began to softly massage my hard cock. It was straining against my pants ready for action. Megan must have had the same idea cause she also reached down for my aching cock. Soon both women were squeezing my dick and balls. I could not stand it anymore. I told the girls that I really needed to fuck a hot wet pussy soon or I was going to explode.

Megan and I went to my car for the drive back to my place. Mary followed behind in hers. As soon as we were in the car Megan grabbed me again and stroked my penis through my pants. I told her that my dick was so hard that I thought it was going to explode. Taking this as a suggestion she unzipped my slacks and pulled me out lowering her head to my lap. She had a firm grip on me and I could feel her hot titillating breath as she began to wrap her full soft lips around the head of my cock. I could feel her tongue swirl around as if she was licking an ice cream cone. She began to jack me off with her hand as she took her time forcing me deeper into her mouth. Before I knew it I could feel myself entering her throat. By now she had removed her hand so she could get every inch of me into her. Slowly moving her head up and down to the beat of the bumps we went over. This went on for what seemed like an eternity. I did not want it to end. Suddenly I shot my load of sperm deep into her mouth. My dick twitched for a good five minutes. Megan finished licking me clean just as we got to my apartment. When we got out of the cars Mary went to Megan and asked if she took my cum in her mouth. She put an arm around her and said that she must have since she could not see her head for quite some time and that my driving was a little swervy. 

We all went to the bedroom and laid together for a few moments. Both ladies were wearing short skirts and having just received the best blowjob ever, I was ready to get down to some hardcore nasty fucking. I began to run my hands up their legs looking for the pot of gold that my dick was waiting for. Megan pushed my hand away from her and said that she was there to watch. She got up from the bed and sat in a chair in the corner of the room. Taking the queue, I rolled over to face Mary and put my arm around her waist. 

She moved closer to me and we found each other’s lips. Our tongues met and delved deep into each other’s mouths. She wrapped her arms around my neck as I began to reach behind her and unzip the dress she was wearing. Mary was so excited. I could feel her put a leg over me and pull me towards her. I unfastened her bra and began to pull her dress over her shoulders so that I could expose her tits. I liked her tits. They were big and round and firm. They must be 42d I thought to myself as I lowered my head to lick her nipples. Mary’s nipples reacted to my gentle sucking and licking by getting so hard and erect.

I sat up to pull the dress the rest of the way off her body, leaving her stockings and heels on. I turned to see what Megan was doing and she had unbuttoned her blouse and was rubbing her hands over her tits and pinching her erect nipples. She smiled and asked what I was looking at and that she was the one who was supposed to be watching. I stood up along the side of the bed facing Mary and began to unbutton my shirt. Mary helped by loosening my pants and pushing them to the floor along with my underwear. I was still trying to get my shirt off when she took my cock into her hand and raised her head to the tip of my raging hard manhood. 

She looked at me and said that she was going to suck my cock hard and asked if Megan had done a good job getting me ready for her. Mary looked at Megan and then slid me into her mouth. Watching Mary going down on me turned her on. She had still been playing with her breasts with both hands. Now she slid one of her hands between her parting legs. I could see that Megan was not wearing any panties and that her moist pussy glistened from the light in the room. By this time I was on the verge of cumming in Mary’s mouth. I did not want to do that yet. I wanted to taste her pussy and make her cum with my mouth as she hungrily sucked on me.

I got back on the bed and we 69’d for only a few minutes. Running my tongue up, down, around and in her pussy. I paid special attention to her clit. It was swollen like never before, hard and sticking out as if begging me to lick harder. I slid a finger into her ass opening as she began to tense. I knew this would take her over the top for her first orgasm. The sweet vibrations she caused on my cock from her groans were heavenly. I licked and finger fucked her harder as she got loader and loader. Suddenly I could hold out no longer and I climaxed into her eager mouth. As I shot she too unloaded with a mind blowing orgasm. It hit her so hard that I thought she was going to suck my cock right off my body.

As we both began to relax I could hear Megan clapping her hands and praising the performance we just given her. Mary and I laid head to toe to each other as we rested exhausted from our orgasms. I felt my erection depleting and knew it would be a little bit before I could get another rise. So I got up to get a wet cloth for us. As I passed by Megan with the wash cloths as she stopped me and wrapped her long thin fingers around my shriveled cock. She chided that there had to be more left in me cause she was wanting to see the good stuff, me pounding my meat deep into Mary’s eager pussy. Seeing her blouse had now been removed I squeezed one of her breasts and told her that there was more and that she would not be disappointed. With that she took the cloths from me and cleaned me with her mouth and the cloth. I felt myself raising from the dead. Swelling up between her lips. I heard a sound from the bad as Mary was beginning to finger and rub her cunt while watching Megan revive me.

I knew I was back and ready for more. I pushed Megan away and told her she could only watch. She could not have any... Yet! Once again I was back with Mary and spread her legs wide and raised them to get a good look at the wetness that I was about to spear. With one hand Mary parted her pussy lips and with the other she took and guided me into her. I only allowed the head of my cock to enter her red-hot pussy, enjoying the warm and moistness that her cunt gave me. She still had a hold on me and began to slide my foreskin back and forth. 

Coaxing me to give her all I had. With one full thrust I penetrated her and sank all I had deep within her. I watched her face as her mouth open and her eyes closed tight with the thrill of having me in her. Pushing hard to get as deep as possible she moaned and squeezed my legs so hard with her hands that I thought she would rip my skin off. I could tell she had not had any sex in awhile. She was tight and I thought I would cum right then. I paused and waited for the feeling to subside. 

I slowly began to pull out to the edge of her pussy and then slid back in. In and out slowly until I was completely wet from her. I moved faster and faster pistoning that wonderful pussy. With her feet high in the air I was pounding as hard as I could, withdrawing to the tip of my cock and then forcing it back as deep as I could go. Mary was moaning so load that it sounded like screams. I could hear, “Oh, fuck me hard and deep”. Behind me I barely heard Megan begging to moan loader and loader. I turned to see her and she had taken her clothes off and gotten a vibrator out and was fucking herself with it. About that time both women began climaxing. It was so loud that I thought my neighbors would hear. I felt Mary gush a gallon of her cum over my cock as I continued to please her. Not so hard and fast as before, but still going from stem to stern. She was exhausted and could not move any more. I stopped and laid next to her on the bed.

I looked at Megan and she had a huge smile on her face as she got up from the chair and laid down next to me on the bed. She kissed me deep and I though I would choke on her tongue. She finally told me that since I did not cum yet that she would have to show her appreciation by having me dump my next load deep into her pussy. Mary was still in a daze as I had Megan get onto her hands and knees so that I could fuck her doggy style. I moved behind her and felt her pussy dripping wet and knew I would cum easily once inside her. Once I parted her ass and entered her she gasped from the sensation. I could see my glistening cock slide in and out of her and I really wanted to fuck her in the ass. I pulled out and took aim for the spot I wanted most. 

As gently as possible I slipped into her ass and could feel her fingers working on her own pussy, knowing that she had a finger deep inside as I began to move in and out of her. The sensation was great. I could feel her finger against my cock with each move she made. I immediately came. There was so much that I could see some of my sperm escaping her ass. Then she began her orgasm. Her ass squeezed tight like a vise. She was getting everything out of me.

We fell onto each other breathing heavily and sweating. Then I felt Mary on top of me washing my dick clean. She said that she was ready for more and that she wanted to taste my cum this time. Once I was completely clean, Mary was on all fours between my legs. Using a hand to make me hard again. I watched as she lowered her head and engulf my cock into her mouth. I put my hands on her head and began to fuck her mouth. She went so slowly that I ached for more. She purposely did that because she knew I always like the feeling of her mouth and that when she got it to the back of her throat I could not hold out any longer. Just as she was about to take all she could I heard her moan really load as if surprised. 

I turned my head and opened my eyes a bit and could see Megan with a dildo, shoving it up Mary’s ass. Megan pushed it all the way in and Mary moaned loader. In fact she ended up taking me deeper into her throat, further than she ever had. I lost it. I shot stream after stream into her. The more I gave her the harder she sucked. The more she took up her ass the deeper I went. Suddenly Mary shook and pulled her head away from my cock. I looked again and now Megan not only had the dildo in Mary’s ass but she now had the vibrator in her pussy. Megan fucked her with both phalluses hard and fast. Mary came in an instant.

The three of us fell asleep there. The women with their arms over my chest. We stayed together all the next day trying and doing everything we could think about. But that is another story.