 As Erik's orgasm subsided, he opened his eyes and saw Jim standing there, his hand full of come and his cock so very hard. I am not sure if it was planned or Erik just couldn't ignore it anymore, but he reached out his hand and touched Jim. The look of gratitude on Jim's face was overwhelming. He moaned and closed his eyes, his hips moving toward Erik with such need. I don't think Erik could follow through with it, he just stood there with his fingers lightly touching Jim and looking at me, pleadingly. I couldn't help him. Erik placed his other hand on Jim's shoulder and just shook his head.

Things were different for awhile. I didn't go to the gym as often, and didn't follow Erik anymore. I would see Jim and wonder how everything was going with him, if he was doing ok, but I never spoke to him either.

One day, Erik called me at work and asked me to the gym that evening. He asked me to meet him late, at a time we might be nearly alone there. I agreed. We did our various workouts, near each other, but not together. As we worked out, I saw Jim enter the studio and begin his exercises. He stayed well away from us and I couldn't blame him.

Erik continued working out, longer than usual. He seemed to be waiting for something. After awhile, Jim left the room and headed for the showers. Erik quickly finished and started after him. I certainly wasn't going to be left behind, so I joined the parade. Jim was already bathing, and Erik took the adjacent shower. By the time I arrived, both men were busily washing and not looking at each other.

Then it started. Erik's cock began to grow, thickening and lengthening. His hands lazily massaged his hardness as he finally looked at Jim. Jim studiously watched the wall. Erik moved closer to Jim, nudging him with his magnificent hard-on. Jim tried to ignore it, but the cock was too insistent, too eager. Finally, Jim just had to touch it. As his fingers rested on Erik's cock, Erik reached out for Jim. God, what a sight. Two beautiful men, with sculpted bodies and awesome cocks, their hands on each other. They looked at each other and smiled. Two hands began soaping a cock, both hands massaged and touched and enticed. I think there is nothing sexier than a man's hand on a cock. Something about those long, skillful fingers massaging a hard cock, it makes me wet.

I watched these two men as they varied the tempo of their hands. They rubbed each other's cock with such ease, making them harder and more beautiful by the minute. I couldn't be left out. I moved closer, my erect nipples rubbing their arms, my ass pressing against them. I reached out with my small soapy hands and rubbed and touched each cock, enjoying the feel of the masculine hand beside mine. With soapy fingers, I washed backs and chests and arms, my eyes feasting on the sight of two men enjoying themselves. 

Now they were closer, their cocks side by side, facing each other. The hands were moving faster and with more purpose. I looked at my two strong men and saw both had their eyes closed and were happily just enjoying the feelings. I was aching. I massaged my nipples, but that didn't help. Finally, I moved my skilled fingers down to my curlies, parting them and entering my aching pussy. I went directly to my poor engorged clit, circling it and then flicking it. God, I needed to come. I couldn't remember ever being so excited. My eyes remained on the swiftly moving hands of my friends as I rubbed and touched and felt the orgasm building in my body. I was almost weak from the excitement and leaned back on the wall, my fingers flying on my poor clit, my other hand pinching and scratching my full nipples.

Then, it was here. I felt my orgasm rushing up my legs, leaving heat in its path. My fingers continued to rub on my tiny cock and I heard myself moaning. I watched my two guys, their hands a blur as they pleasured each other. Both stopped for the tiniest second, smiling at each other, and then they exploded, shooting torrents of warm, sweet come. This was too much for me and I began to come too. The moans ripped from my throat, making it raw. My hips bucked and my nipples engorged even further as I watched Erik and Jim smile and gently wash the come from each other. 

And I knew nothing would ever be the same with the 3 of us again.