 The first part of this tale was set in the weeks immediately after my wedding to Jen. We were young and had just finished our finals at university. We tied the knot in a small ceremony at the local registry office. We had met at a college disco and had a rather old fashioned courtship, especially so for the eighties - I had been at a co-ed college and her girl only. Chances for sex had been strictly limited, a few fondles and blow jobs, but by that time we were at the stage of exploring our bodies in any and every way we could.

We couldn't afford a honeymoon and were staying at my parent's house for a month or so, before we started our respective jobs that on reflection we were so lucky to get. 

The house was small, a typically shoddily build 1970's semi. The walls were paper thin, none of the doors fitted and flopped open despite everyone's best efforts for privacy. Jen and I had wedged our wedding present, a large double bed, into my single bedroom and we merrily tested it out on every occasion we could. Luckily both my parents worked and my younger sister, Sally, had a part time cleaning job at a B&B that took her out of the house every morning.

Sally was a few years our junior and had a house guest of a similar age, a French exchange student, Pascal, who she took out with her every day. She had also attended our wedding as a special treat the first weekend after her arrival.

Pascal was long, lean and sleek, typically French and chic. She sported shoulder length, straight brown hair, deep brown eyes and perfect pale skin. Her English was rather good, much better than any of the family's French. She shared Sally's room and slept on a "put me up" bed on the floor.

Jen wasn't fat but more solidly built, shorter and thicker set with collar length brown hair. She has large tits for her frame, a generous rump and flaming green eyes.

Jen and I took the opportunity to have chandelier swinging and outrageous sex in every position and in every room of the house that we could think of. We had shagged on my old bed stored in the garage, we had even shagged outside and in the garden shed!

We would wait until the house was empty, usually around 9.00 am, then Jen would start off by sucking my ubiquitous morning hard on. I would spend some time mouthing her hot fanny before she would mount me in her newly found favourite position - reverse cowgirl. She liked it that way so she could wank herself off as she rose up and down on my rock hard cock. The strength of her orgasms had gradually built so that by this time she could virtually scream the house down.

After our first romp we would de-camp from the bed and either shower together or hunt for a new room, position, or both, to shag in. In any case we would shag a further two or three times before Sally returned from her cleaning around lunch time. 

From there we would go out, maybe for a walk or to the pub and wait until bed time for our next opportunity.

As the walls were so thin we would have to wait until everyone had gone to sleep, normally at about 1.00 am. I would then have to take Jen from behind so she could bite the pillow to muffle her cries, the bouncing headboard did cause us some problems but luckily it hit against the outside wall. 

Jen, Sal and Pascal got on like a house on fire and would chat merrily into the evenings, giggling and nudging each other, deep in girlie conversations. I had long since learned to avoid such contact and spent most nights at the pub with my Dad, only to return randy and in needing my new young wife to service my rampant tool.

This was the third Monday after the wedding - the last week of Pascal's stay. Jen and I were well up for it, having had short measures for the two days of the weekend before and, if memory serves, for the week before -- "that" time.

Jen was awake in anticipation as I opened my eyes. She winked at me before sliding down my torso.

"Rise and shine." She whispered in a sexy tone as she slid down, brushing her erect nipples across my belly. She slipped my semi-hard tool between her hot and soft lips and it wasn't long before I was sporting a rampant stiffy.

Without even offering me a kiss she leant forward and swung her right leg over me before pushing herself up and over my face. Facing away from me, her hot and wet cunt was just above my lips as she arched her back and threw the remaining covers away from my warm body. She cooed as I took in her scent. I blew my hot breath into her eager cavern and finally raised my head to engage her warm and moist centre.

I loved to look at her twat from close quarters, sample her taste and scent even more. I liked to trace the line of her cunt lips through the thick fuzz of black pubes before diving in with my tongue. I forced my head backward in to the pillow to marvel at the perfect cunt, open and pink right above my face. Jen followed me, she forced her hairy lips down, not wanting them to break contact with my eager mouth.

"I love to look at your hard cock in the mornings." She sighed as my tongue probed at her sopping wet entrance.

"And I love to look at your cunt." I murmured back in to her pink hole as I tongued at her soft and silky inner flesh. 

Before long she was rocking against my mouth and almost forcing my tongue to find the hardened bump of her clit hiding beneath its smooth hood. She swung her hips back and slightly upwards to invite me to search out the tender nub. She sighed as I hit home and with a swirl of my hot tongue I exposed it to the cool morning air. I drew my lips together and sucked at her pleasure zone, she rocked away and with a plop my mouth let go. Jen whimpered as we repeated the dance, each movement repeated with renewed vigour as she neared her first orgasm of the day.

Her groans and hums became more intent as she neared climax, her movements varied from forceful thrusts of her hips to delicate twitches of her pelvis to guide me to just the right spot. Encouraged by her cries I continued to probe, lap and swirl around her twitching hole with my tongue and suck her clit deep in to my mouth.

"There...Oh God yes, right there....harder.....bite it.....suck it...." 

Jen would shake uncontrollably when she came, starting from her legs and then moving up her body, forcing her to puff and pant as the orgasm ripped her. Occasionally she would cry out or talk dirty, but this time, as she neared climax, she directed and demanded precise attention. With each dart of my tongue into her open gash she puffed at an ever increasing rate until she came, hard. She clamped her twitching and juicing cunt to my stubble covered face and ground down as she shook and shivered her way through her first vigorous climax.

Her cum was everywhere, smeared across my face and running down the corners of my mouth as she fell forward to reward me by sucking hard on my aching cock.

She slid herself forward, I looked down to see her blinking and gaping wet cunt leave a slimy trail of cum down my chest as she made her way to mount my thick tool. Not that I minded, I ran my fingers along the trail and scooped her juices in to my mouth to further sample her delicate and delicious flavour.

I savoured the view of her butt clenching as she rose. She grasped my tool in her fist and offered it to her wet and still twitching cunt, I sighed in delight as I witnessed it disappear into her warm depths. Her brown eye winked as her firmly gripping cunt sank down on to my rock hard cock. I could feel a stream of her hot and wet juices run down my balls as she rose up and down on me, as if riding a horse at a trot.

The headboard bounced off the wall in a crashing rhythm as she squatted over me and ground her hips backward and forward. She puffed and shrieked her way to another crushing orgasm but managed to maintain a perfect balance as the waves ripped through her body.

With my tool still firmly embedded inside of her she leant back, adjusted her legs and started to ride me, in a position not unlike a limbo dancer. Once her rhythm was established her hand traced a path, through her thick and generously bushy pubes to her clit, pausing only to tweak at a hardened nipple on its way down. 

I cupped the hot mound of her left breast and flicked the fleshy nub of her nipple between my finger and thumb as hers found the stiff button of her clit, now proudly protruding from her open, wet and fleshy cunt lips.

Jen caught her breath as she started to massage and tweak her pleasure button, she arched her back and raised her hips upwards to invite me to thrust my tool deep into her pulsing fanny. I did her bidding, I jabbed my cock in and up by swinging my hips in rapid thrusts. The slap of flesh on flesh and the tell tale slosh of my cock invading her sopping cavern echoed around the empty house. Not to mention the metronomic bouncing of the headboard against the bedroom wall.

Jen made a "hoh" sound with each thrust of my stiff cock. She hovered just above me, deftly working her clit with her fingers in time with each increasingly urgent shove of my hips and starting to sound like a steam train.

"Hoh .. hoh ...hoh.." She panted in short bursts as I slammed my tool into her as hard and fast as I could.

The room was awash with noise and the smell of our sex as Jen's body tensed and then shook from her legs upwards as a third orgasm enveloped her body. She threw her head back as the intensity of the sensations almost overwhelmed her.

Just at that exact moment I heard the unmistakable chink of crockery at the door as it swung fully open. Standing there was Pascal, dressed in pale pink satin pyjamas and clutching a tea tray with breakfast neatly set out on top.

"I thought you might like some ....." She stuttered out in her thick French tone as if not knowing what else to say. Her eyes were fixed directly on the scene before her.

Jen, startled, rolled off me and on to the end of the bed. She was panting and shaking with the after effects of her orgasm, her whole body was bathed in a shimmering layer of sweat and her cheeks were flushed deep red. The room must have been full of the smell of our sex, not to mention to the cacophony of sound that must have carried throughout the small house.

A whole raft of thoughts raced through my head as I made eye contact with Pascal. She stood, with the tray shaking and a look of shock and horror on her face. Her stare was fixed on my groin and I realised, in horror, that my cock, throbbing rock hard and wet with Jen's cum was not only in full view but was about to erupt into its own deep and uncontrollable orgasm.

My eyes rolled in their sockets as my cock twitched and pulsed out thick streams of cum high up and over my flat stomach, almost reaching the flat of my chest. It continued to jump and jerk as it spat out stream after thick white stream.

Jen looked on open mouthed as my cock continued to spew its huge load of salty cum. I looked back at Pascal who stood fixed to the spot, also open mouthed. I noticed a change sweep over her face as a slight grin appeared in the corners of her mouth, her eyes sparkled as her expression changed from disbelief, to amazement and then finally to delight as my cock continued to flap and jerk against my heaving body. I just lay there, helpless, looking deep into her eyes as my orgasm slowly ebbed.

Pascal paused, for what seemed like an age, the tray shook and the crockery rattled whilst she attempted to comprehend what had just happened. You could almost see the thoughts flash across her face as her expression gradually changed. She licked her lips slowly and deliberately, almost provocatively, her nostrils flared and a mischievous glint flashed in her eyes. Before I could react she had put the tray down on the drawers, grabbed a napkin and lunged at my prone body.

"Let me help you clean this up." She offered in as matter a fact tone as anyone could muster under the circumstances.

"N-n-n-no." Jen insisted as Pascal's slender left hand gripped at my still twitching and slimy tool. She raised the throbbing meat between her finger and thumb, leaving a string of cum connected to a small pool of thick white semen at the base of my belly.

Jen caught Pascal's right hand before she could wipe away the sticky liquid and stooped in, to jealously guard the precious cargo and suck up the warm fluid before it ran off my heaving chest. Jen liked the taste of my cum and would often suck me dry, a habit and taste that was formed when our opportunities for full on sex had been limited.

I looked on, stunned and powerless to move as Jen first looked at Pascal and then deep into my eyes whilst sexily and noisily sucking the salty residue from my skin. 

Pascal cocked her head and lifted my cock up and back. I couldn't see her as she ducked down behind Jen but I almost jumped out of my skin when I felt her hot breath against my flesh as she licked at the small patch of fluid nearest the base of my cock. I lay fixed to the spot as her soft tongue first lapped at the small bead of cum and then followed the string back up its source -- my tender and still twitching end.

Pascal engulfed my phallic head with her hot mouth, humming to vibrate my cock as she did so. Jen continued to suck and draw every last drop from the trail of cum further up my body and broke her gaze to offer a look of approval to Pascal. I threw my head back to concentrate on the new sensations racing through my body as both gave me oral pleasure.

Pascal sucked hard and extracted every last drop of cum from the eye at the centre of my cock. She took the end in deeper and swirled her tongue over the head, clearly savouring the taste of both mine and Jen's cum. Still holding the shaft between her thumb and finger she licked down its length, still slimy and wet from Jen's snatch and still jumping from my own intense orgasm. Jen's gaze was fixed on Pascal as she finished off by taking each of my balls into her mouth in turn and sucking heartily.

"Do you have any idea how you make us ..... what you make us..... what you do to us when you..." Pascal stuttered out, trying to find the words as she smacked her lips and rubbed her flushed cheek against my rock hard cock.

"You two are ...." She paused and raised her eyebrows," almost every night and the walls are so thin." She looked up at me with her eyes wide open and a devilish smile.

"Now I feel guilty because I didn't bring you a wedding gift. So please accept this." She said as she jumped off the bed and, within the blink of an eye, threw off her pyjamas. She mounted the edge of the bed and settled on all fours.

"Well don't just lie there. Get over here and fuck me!" 

I just looked at Jen open mouthed in amazement. She looked back with a twinkle in her eye and nodded me to do as Pascal had offered. I didn't need asking twice. I jumped up and stood behind Pascal as Jen adjusted her position.

Pascal raised her hips and offered her cunt to me, already open, wet and puffy lipped -- she must have been listening to what we had been doing, I wondered for how long but then, but I guess, she couldn't have avoided it. I gazed down at her perfect rump and athletic thighs as my hand automatically cupped and massaged the smooth mounds of her butt cheeks. Her cunt was almost demure and was sparsely covered with a thin layer of downy black pubic hair.

"I didn't go with Sally a couple of times and overheard you -- it drove me mad and I had to see for myself...." She said sexily over her shoulder as my hands spread her firm and taut backside wider apart. I marvelled at the site of her pink and puckered butt hole as her crack opened up before me.

I leant forward and offered my fully erect cock to her hot entrance. I took the tip and rubbed her freely flowing juices along the silky soft flesh of her inner slit. Pascal jumped and bucked as my head parted her inner lips and made contact with the hardened nub of her clit. I directed my tip along the silky furrow two or three more times to spread her cum generously around her open gash.

Finally I paused at her entrance. Jen raised herself up to get a better view of my cock as I pushed it forward. She stared, wide eyed as it disappeared slowly into Pascal's wet and willing hole.

Pascal took in breath sharply as my cock invaded her tight channel. She arched her back to allow me the deepest of penetration as I continued to slowly slide my thick tool forward. Jen smiled and seemed fascinated as she looked on to see my full length accepted into Pascal's hot cunt. God was it tight! So tight that I thought I would split her in two as my cock drove deep within her. 

Her inner muscles gripped at my shaft like a vice and she pushed backward allowing my full length to push deep inside her. Jen dare not blink and looked on admiringly as my cock stretched Pascal's tight fanny.

Pascal caught her breath again as my cock reached its limit. I slowly withdrew and allowed Jen to witness Pascal's slimy cum on my cock and her cunt gripping at my head before I slowly eased it all the way back in. Jen smiled in approval and Pascal sighed as her cunt accommodated my full length again.

Jen's hand had slipped between her legs by the time I had gently thrust in and out for a third or fourth time. Her head was thrown back and she had at least two of her own fingers jabbing into her gash making a slurping sound that served only to turn us all on still further.

"Harder, deeper." Pascal demanded over her shoulder in a whispered and deeply sexy French tone.

I raised myself on to my toes and thrust forward more urgently. Pascal's taut body responded by gripping at my shaft even harder as my cock pounded, piston like, in and out of her incredibly tight pussy and I felt the warm dampness of her cum against my ball sack as it swung against her clit.

Pascal's sighs had become groans of delight by the time I realised that I was speeding my way towards a second orgasm. 

"You cannot ..... you mustn't ....." Pascal blurted in a panicked tone - she must have sensed my cock thickening and my stroke shortening.

"You can't cum in her. She's not on the pill." Jen interceded, having snapped out of her own private rapture.

"Here, cum on me, cum on my tits." She said as she swung herself on to her back beside Pascal's swinging tits.

I wasn't going to argue and swung around as my cock erupted for a second time. I closed my fist around the warm and slimy weapon and pointed it, hose like, at my wife's prone body. Pascal, panting, shimmering with a fine mist of sweat and flushed with exertion, looked on as my tool pumped out a second, all be it less generous, cargo on to Jen's splendid and heaving tits.

Jen took a hold of her right breast and offered it to her mouth -- this was one of her party tricks. She lapped and sucked the salty fluid from the flesh before popping her nipple in between pursed lips to finish with a flourish.

Pascal looked on, probably jealous that she could get her own, smaller breasts, into her mouth, but made no attempt to lick my cum from Jen's other boob. Jen rubbed the remainder into her skin with a satisfied smile as we all recovered some composure.

I cannot remember what was said after that, not much was my recollection but I do remember feeling a bit uncomfortable. We didn't repeat the performance and Pascal returned home a few days later. Jen and I rarely spoke about the events of that morning but the memory of Pascal's lithe body would haunt me through the rest of my life - I can still see her sparsely covered clam in my mind's eye as my cock spread her tight hole.

All that happened fifteen years ago, Sally and Pascal kept in touch but, alas, Jen and I split after a dozen or so years of marriage, mercifully we had no kids to complicate things. The split was probably my fault, but as fate would have it, Pascal and I were reunited, mostly through the efforts of Sally, and we are now husband and wife.
