 A few months ago, my best friend called me and said she was getting married. I'm still totally amazed that this is happening. My friend, Sally, has never been one to go out and meet men. Quite frankly, I'm surprised she found one. Now, I'm not saying that Sally isn't pretty, because she is. Being tall, blond and statuesque, Sally is model material. It's just that Sally is awfully shy and withdrawn.

The wedding was being held at Sally's family home in Kentucky. To say they have lots of money would be an understatement. Sally's father breeds thoroughbreds, a bluegrass specialty. 

As I landed in Louisville, I was curious. Sally met me at the airport and was looking radiant and excited. I'd never seen her so vocal and animated. I laughed and followed her to the car as she told me horror stories of the last few weeks getting ready for the wedding.

When we arrived at the old homestead, I was greeted by Sally's parents, numerous cousins and friends, many of whom I hadn't seen in over a year. I'd been traveling in Europe and hadn't been home for sometime.

Once inside, Sally showed me to my room. I was privileged to be allowed to stay at the house all week during the wedding festivities. As I was unpacking, a knock on the door brought Sally in the room, along with a handsome pair of men. Sally introduced me to Matt, her fiancé, and his brother, Alex. Oh boy! These two men were incredible. Tall, dark hair, crystal green eyes. I was definitely in lust. The three of them disappeared and left me alone to contemplate my fantasies. Shaking it off, I changed and returned downstairs for lunch. As I walked around the buffet table, I noticed Alex across from me, staring at me intently. I smiled and lifted a grape to my lips. Licking my lips, I smiled back at him and continued on my way.

After lunch, Sally and Matt were scheduled to have more pictures taken. I decided to take a walk. Heading towards the stables, I wandered off by myself. As I wandered the paddock area, I petted a few of the horses, giving them a couple of carrots I had snagged from lunch.

I wandered inside the stables to look at the really prized horseflesh. No one was around and it was quiet except for the neighing of the horses. The raw smell of straw and horseflesh was intoxicating. As I petted the nose of a real beauty, I felt hands settle on my hips. I was pulled back against what felt like a rock. I looked over my shoulder. Alex.

"All alone?"

I pulled myself forward again and returned to petting and feeding the horse in the stall in front of me.

"I just thought I'd take a walk, visit the stables. Is that all right with you?"

Alex stepped forward and leaned against me. He felt so good, so solid. Leaning down, he whispered in my ear, "I guess. I want to fuck you. Is that all right with you?"

Ok, so much for the formalities. As soon as those words left Alex's mouth, my body heated up and my panties got damp. While I was thinking, I felt Alex's mouth on my neck and his hand circle my waist and pull me back against him harder.

Tilting my head, I gave Alex his answer. His mouth sucked on my neck, his tongue licking my tender flesh. His hand traveled up my stomach and cupped my right breast. The horse neighed and I smiled. My heat was building. 

Taking his hand away from my breast, I pulled away from him.

"If you want to fuck me, you better follow me."

I led him to an empty stall. Opening the gate, I walked into the corner. Piles of fresh hay lined the stall. Alex stepped in behind me, closing the bottom gate. Looking him in the eyes, I unbuttoned my shirt and tossed it to the ground.

"I knew you'd be something."

Alex walked towards me, crushing me to him. I felt his mouth on my lips and moaned as his tongue forced it's way inside. His hands were tearing at my bra. I felt his thumb slide roughly across my bare nipple and I moaned. Alex leaned down and took my nipple in his mouth, sucking hard.

My hands reached for his jeans and I undid them, pushing them down around his ankles. Dropping to my knees, I pulled his boxers down and stared at his huge cock. He was short but god was he thick! I looked up at him as I took his thick member in my hand and squeezed gently. I flicked the tip of my tongue over his head, swirling in small circles. He moaned and I slipped my lips around the tip of his head and sucked. Using my hands, I pumped his cock while my mouth sucked his head. 

Alex's hands fell to the back of my head and I pushed my mouth slowly down the length of this cock. He tasted sweet and salty. I sucked hard, moving my mouth slowly up and down his shaft. I heard the horses neighing in the stables and got even more excited. 

My mouth closed around his cock, moving up and down. 

"Suck it! Oh shit suck it! That's it baby, that's good baby."

Alex was moaning and fucking my mouth. I tasted his precum and went back to sucking only the tip of his cock. Pulling his cock into my mouth slowly, I felt his member getting thicker and thicker. His head was filling with cum and I wanted it. 

I wrapped my hands around the base of his cock and pumped hard as my lips wrapped tighter around his cock head. 

"Holy shit! Take it baby, take it!"

His cock erupted in my mouth, filling my mouth with warm salty cum. I pulled him from my mouth, letting the cum spew across my chest, coating me. My hands pumped his cock, wanting all of it. Alex looked down at me and smiled. His eyes were glazed over. Standing up, I kissed his lips. His hands were pushing my jeans down, taking my panties with them. This time, Alex dropped to his knees, his limp cock hanging between his thighs. 

I felt Alex's tongue flick across my pussy and I moaned. I lifted my legs, shaking off my jeans. Opening my stance wider, I braced myself against the stall wall. Alex's mouth was covering my mound, sucking hard on my lips. I moaned and closed my eyes.

I concentrated on feeling his tongue open my lips, slipping inside me. I was already so wet, his mouth kept slipping. 

"Mmmmm, ohh yessss. Feels so good."

I was moaning and fucking his mouth. Alex's lips closed around my clit and he sucked. I felt my orgasm ripping through me fast and hard. Alex's mouth kept sucking until I finally pushed his head away. We kissed and dressed, leaving my torn bra in the hay. We walked out of the stable and returned to the rest of the group. Sally walked up to me and asked if I'd been ok and that she was sorry she had to leave me alone for so long. I told her not to worry. I managed to find a few things to keep me occupied.

Later that night, after dinner, I walked out to the garden for a late stroll. The warm air felt good and my dress was light so the wind was practically touching my skin. As I rounded a corner, I felt a tug on my arm. I looked up and found Alex again.

He pulled me to him and kissed my lips hard. This time, my tongue forced it's way into his mouth. I reached down between us. He was hard already. As I cupped his groin and squeezed, he moaned. Pulling me to a bench, Alex pushed me over, bending me over the bench. His hands pushed my dress up over my ass. Pulling my panties aside, I felt his finger thrust up inside me. I was already getting wet. His finger worked me, getting my pussy ready. 

I heard the zip of his pants and then felt his cock head pushing against me, opening me wide. His finger withdrew and his cock slid in slowly. I moaned. He was so thick. His hands gripped my hips and he pushed his cock all the way inside my tight pussy. Moaning, I pushed myself back against him, taking all of him.

Alex fucked me slow at first, pulling his cock out and then pushing it back in. Each time, my lips tightened around his huge tool, pulling it inside me. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

I moaned and Alex obliged. He moaned as he fucked me, ramming his cock inside me. I closed my eyes and when I opened them again and looked up. Around the corner, I could see Sally and Matt watching us. Looking at Sally's eyes, I saw how excited she was.

"Oh Alex! Fuck my pussy hard! Fuck me with that huge cock!"

I watched Sally and moaned. Alex's cock was slamming into me, hard and fast. Sally was on her knees now, taking Matt's cock in her mouth. Like his brother, Matt's cock was thick and short. I watched as Sally's mouth covered Matt's cock and sucked. Alex pushed harder into me. I felt my orgasm rip inside me as Sally took all of Matt's cock in her mouth.

"Oh fuck!!!"

Alex moaned and thrust hard inside me. I felt his cum inside me, filling my tight pussy. Matt was watching me as I moaned and bucked back against Alex, working his cock hard. I squeezed my pussy muscles around Alex's cock and he moaned loud and hard.

As he pulled out and I stood up, he wrapped his arms around me. I whispered up into his ear and he looked ahead where I had told him. We stood there and watched as Sally brought Matt to a huge orgasm, her mouth filling with his creamy cum. She sucked him clean and then stood and took Matt's hand. She led him back inside. 

The next morning, at breakfast, we all sat together and laughed. The rest of the week was just as exciting. I even managed to show Sally a few things I learned while in Europe, a little one on one training. Mmm she tastes good.