 I joined the gym a few months ago. Not necessarily because I like sweating, but because they had the cutest guys in the city. And because it was a unisex gym, the first in the city. Everyone worked out together and everyone showered and dressed together. So, you see, you had to be pretty confident about your body to show up or even join. 

I have a cute little body. I am short and trim and nicely shaped. I am of Mediterranean heritage, so my skin is usually a lovely tanned shade. My dark hair and eyes are intriguing to many. I have nothing to be ashamed of in the dressing room. 

I was a regular in the evenings. I would arrive around 7 and do my workout until after 8. This included all the machines and gadgets and some "checking out" time, if you know what I mean. The guys were so hot and I am a guy's woman. After a few weeks, I noticed one guy in particular. He was tall and nicely built, but not obscenely developed like some of the guys. He also seemed very friendly, helping new members with machines. We often said hello in passing and he always remembered my name. I took this as a good sign. 

I loved watching him work out. He made it seem so effortless and simple. I would start my routine, being sure to be in his area, and watch him as he moved through his training. I loved it. He wore a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, but I could see the nicely defined muscles as he moved. Two days a week, his workout ended in the pool and I watched him swimming laps, back and forth, for the longest time. He had a waterproof radio and was just oblivious to all of us. I did the treadmill and my exercises and laps, trying to time my departure with his.

Did I mention that the showers were unisex? I would follow him into the shower and just stand there admiring his naked body. If I thought Erik looked good in shorts, well, naked was MADE for him! Every night, I would stand there, soaping my body while fantasizing about him. I was getting obsessive about him, my thoughts during the day were of him, my dreams at night centered on him. I spent the days hoping the hours would pass and I could get to the gym. Soon, I was totally unaware of the others in the shower room. At first, I would hear the whistles and soft compliments that the other guys directed at me. But the more I became obsessed with Erik and his lovely body, the less I noticed anyone around me.

Soon, I was brazenly entering the shower right beside him. I would stand and lather my breasts and soft pussy hair, while gazing at Erik and dreaming of him coming home with me. He would stand beside me, washing his lovely brown hair and then soaping his chest, those lovely muscles, and running his hands over them. As he soaped again, he would slide both hands to his cock, and wash it very well. It seemed that each shower made him hotter and harder. One night, as I stood there, I finally noticed someone else. A guy, nice looking and well built, was showering on the other side of Erik. The amazing thing was that the guy was as mesmerized as I was. He stood very still and watched as Erik's hands moved over his body. He gazed with unabashed appreciation when Erik took his cock into his hands and began slowly washing it.

I have to admit it occurred to me that Erik was enjoying this. Every night, it seemed he went a little farther, rubbing and stroking his hard cock. His eyes would close and he would smile, while running his strong fingers up and down that lovely cock. The cock I wanted so badly! His hands would slide under his balls, holding them and playing with them, testing the weight. Sometimes he would slide his soapy hands over his ass, washing it and sighing. He turned in the shower, making sure that both of us could watch and enjoy the show. One night, when I thought he couldn't get any sexier, Erik took his cock in hand and massaged it until he came. The sounds he made as he came, shooting the lovely cream on the wall, made me wet instantly!

The other guy, Jim, was as obsessed as I was! So here we stood, Erik's fan club, watching and loving it. I found myself moving closer in the shower stall. Erik smiled and offered to let me wash his back. Then he washed mine. Jim stood beside us watching and washing himself. He was nicely built with a lovely thick cock, neatly shaved and very hard. Erik washed my breasts, soaping the nipples and squeezing them. I returned the favor and washed his manly chest. 

Then Erik lathered his hands and washed my curlies. I was anxiously looking forward to reciprocating, but I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned to see Jim holding his finger to his lips. Erik's eyes were closed as he enjoyed the bath he was receiving from me, so he didn't notice that Jim had taken over, cleansing Erik's cock so very carefully. His cock was harder and longer than I had ever seen it. With his eyes still closed, he told me that I was a wonderful shower companion and could wash his cock anytime. I moved away at the same time that Jim returned to his side of the shower. Jim smiled at me and winked. 

Thus started an entirely bizarre phase of my life. I was totally in lust for this man and I was allowing someone else to bathe him nightly...a male someone else! 

One night, Erik smiled at Jim and asked if he would like his back washed. Jim happily agreed. Then Erik said that I was the best little back washer in the gym, and handed me over to him. Jim's face fell. I felt really bad for him. Then Erik said, with a smile, "Sara can wash your back and you can wash me, if you like." Erik stood very still with his lovely hard cock jutting out from is body. Jim tentatively touched it, as if he never had before. Erik moved his hips and encouraged Jim's touch. I stood there, intensely excited, watching those strong, long fingers moving on another man's cock. Poor Jim, he was so excited he could barely contain himself. 

His cock was rock hard and straining toward Erik, who decided to ignore it. He started whispering encouragement to Jim, thrusting his cock against Jim's hand, moving his hips faster and faster. Erik was coming, I could tell before it happened. One minute he was straining against Jim's hand, the next he was shooting his come everywhere. Poor Jim, standing there, in such need, looking at his idol and feeling his come as it hit his palm. 

To Be Continued...