 Author's note: This story is part of a series called 'The wedding party"'. The stories can be read in any order and are vignettes involving different members of the wedding party.

 As always I look forward to your comments and feedback. Please keep on favoriting the stories and me as an author. Keep voting, leaving feedback, and emailing me. I love it. 

 For you who don't like my stories, umm... Oh well. :)

***********************************

 I looked at my boyfriend Sean and thought how good he looked in his tuxedo. We were in the church waiting outside the hall for the bride and groom. My friend and sorority sister Becky was getting married to Mark. He was a great guy and we were all thrilled to be in the wedding and the wedding party. 

 I looked down the line at all the people waiting to walk. It was a pretty big wedding party, but in helping her plan we couldn't think of any way to cut it back. It had been a long time coming, but there we were. In line were:

 Steve and Nancy, Becky's parents 
Gary (Guy) and Lila, Mark's father and stepmother. 
Joanie, Mark's mother. 

 Claire, Maid of honor. She was Becky's childhood friend and sorority sister. 

 There were 5 bridesmaids.

 Tina, Becky's Sorority sister/little. 3 years younger than Becky. Becky was her sorority mentor. 
Ginny, Becky's younger sister
Misty, Mark's younger sister
Me, Christy, I'm one of Becky's sorority sisters
Jen, my best friend and sorority sister

 Across the hall from us were the guys. 

 Tom, the Best Man, Mark's older brother (Allison, Tom's Wife, was not in the wedding party)

 There were also 5 Groomsmen 

Kevin, Becky's younger brother 
Randy, Mark's childhood friend
David, Mark's childhood friend
Greg, Mark's childhood friend
Sean, my boyfriend and Mark's college roommate. 



Looking down the line I realized we were a group of good looking people. Everyone dressed up, young and pretty. The guys looked handsome. Even the bride and groom's parents were good looking people. The wedding pictures would probably come out great. 

 Sean smiled at me. We'd been dating for a year. Mark and Becky introduced us. It was not instant attraction, but after I got to know him I knew he was perfect. He was such a responsible guy with just the right touch of bad boy. 

 Our friends saw him as responsible and adventurous. He had a great marketing job with a startup company. That risk taking energy also translated to someone adventurous in other aspects in life, including in bed. He made me feel sexier than i'd ever felt before. He pushed me both in life and in bed to tackle stuff I was insecure about. Knowing he was behind me, I could do anything. 

 I looked at Jen. She was smiling. I worried about her. Jen was my best friend. We'd become close in the same sorority and we talked almost everyday. 

 Except for Mark's brother and sister and Becky's brother and sister all of us had gone to college together, we were/are sorority sisters and friends. Jen and I just had a special bond. 

 I was worried about how she would react to a wedding. She'd just broken up with her fiancé. He hadn't done anything wrong, she just felt he was not right for her. He was nice enough but there was something missing. But here she was smiling so the relieved some of my worry. 

 I had also been really worried about how she'd feel at the bachelorette party. As a group, we made the decision to hold the bachelorette party in Vegas. Since we were going to Vegas the guys decided to have their bachelor party in Vegas too. Jen and I decided to share a room to save money in Vegas. 

 We all decide to dress alike the whole weekend. Friday night was black dresses, Saturday by the pool was white bikinis, and Saturday night was red dresses. The dresses looked really good on Jen and I because it was our job to pick them out. 

 Friday night we were going to meet in the lobby and then go to a hotel bar to open presents and have a few drinks. Then we were going to go out dancing after. 

 Jen and I got settled in our room and started to get ready for the party. Pretty much as soon as we got to our room Jen stripped down to her bra and panties and started to get ready for the party. I'd seen her get dressed before so it was no big deal. I thought about how we were often mistaken for twins. 

 Jen and I were both about 5'7" and weighed about 130 pounds. We had blue eyes, natural long blonde Scandinavian hair. The biggest difference was that she was a 36D and I was a 36C. Looking so much alike we were often hit on or mistaken for the other. 

 I started to get dressed also. We had agreed on black dresses and black underwear. I had a cute little pair of boy shorts and the matching bra. Jen had a thong that outlined her perfect ass. 

 We got dressed and headed for the lobby where we were meeting. Some of the girls were already there when we got there. As usual when you get a group of girls together it was a lot of giggling and loud noise. We were almost all there just waiting for Mark's mother. The other mothers were going to meet us at the bar. 

 When Mark's mother came down she was wearing the same black dress as the rest of us we all stopped and stared. 

 She asked if it was too much, but we all told her it was fine. She flipped her dress to show off her thong and the party was on. Laughing and giggling we headed to the bar. 

 We had a bunch of tables in the back. We played shower games, dressed Becky in a veil and sash, drank, and opened presents. We were loud and boisterous. Generally having a great time. Shower gifts went from practical to lingerie to jokes. All fun. As you can imagine, a bunch of pretty girls, in hot dresses, waving lingerie around, attracted a lot of men. So along with our fun we had men to flirt with, lead on, and turn away. It was great. 

 After we planned to go dancing. We put the gifts in Becky's room, grabbed some cabs, and headed out. There was a line when we got there. We had the cabs drop us off right in front of the doorman. He took a look at a bunch of attractive girls and let us right in. 

 We all headed right for the dance floor. Jen and I danced together. We always danced together. We practically had routines. We were not looking for men that night, but we didn't turn down the free drinks. We'd let the guys dance with us, grind on them a bit, laugh, and dance away as they tried to touch us. 

 It was a fun night. Jen and I laughed and danced and when it was time to go we were exhausted. The group left together, we grabbed cabs and headed back to the hotel. 

 Jen and I headed to our room. Jen flopped on the bed. 

 "I may have drunk too much," she said. 

 I laughed, "No such thing." 

 Jen replied laughing, "Is too, you know I get horny when I drink, and I haven't had any since Ben and I broke up."

 "There were tons of guys there tonight, I bet one of them would have fucked you," I teased. 

 "That's all I need. Some old drunk guy drooling over me," she said. 

 "Breaking up with Ben was the right thing to do, but I do miss the closeness," she mused. "I gotta look for a guy like Sean." 

 "Sean's the best," I said. "If he wasn't sharing a room with Kevin I'd probably be on my knees right now." I laughed. 

 "Slut," she teased. 

 "For Sean," I said. "You bet." 

 We got undressed for bed. As I said, I've seen her undressed tons of times, but this time I thought how much Sean would have loved it. Sean and I had joked about a threesome with Jen. I bet he'd die if it ever happened. 

 Next day was the pool. Dress code white bikinis. Jen and I bought the same one. Halter top showing a lot of cleavage and bottoms that tied on the side. Hot. 

 There were lots of cabanas by the pool. We linked up with Claire, Tina, and Becky, and started looking for a place we could sit. Men in cabanas kept calling us over offering to share. We picked one with a few older guys. The food and drinks flowed easily. Misty and Ginny caught up with us and joined us. 

 Once again, flirting, dancing, eating by the pool, we had a great day. Lots of men trying to get with us and we let them think they had a chance and then blew them off. It was lots of fun. 

 At the end of the day Jen and I headed to our room for a nap. We had to be ready for another night out. 

 "God, It's been awhile since I've had such a great time," said Jen as she flopped on her bed. "I always love doing stuff with you. Towards the end, doing stuff with Ben was just tedious. I guess, now that we're out of school and 'grown ups' these wild times are ending."

 I laughed, "Well, let's take our naps so we can be wild"

 We both laughed and took a nap. Before I went to sleep I texted with Sean a bit. He was teasing me saying we should sneak out and have sex in a stairwell. He was right, it was pretty frustrating being in Vegas and not being able to fuck. 

 Maybe after Jens asleep, I texted. 

 LOL, Who cares if she's asleep winky face, he replied

 LOL, U wish, u perv.

 Big grin face, Yes but I'm ur perv

 I sent a kissy face, told him I was napping, I told him where we were going that night in case he wanted to join us. Then I closed my eyes. 

 The outfit for the night was red. We looked red hot. We each had on a red thong and bra under a matching red sheath dress that clung to every curve of our bodies. It was short, had short sleeves, and a very low scoop neckline. At our height we were showing a lot of leg and a lot of cleavage.

 We again met in the lobby to grab cabs. We tried another club, again being dropped off outside the door. We had the same luck as we did the night before. The bouncer was going to let us right in. Just then I heard someone yell Becky's name. It was Kevin, Becky's brother, and Sean. They were in the line waiting to get in. We asked the bouncer if they could come in with us. He must have figured the girl to guy ratio was still good and let them join us. 

 We all got in and hit the dance floor. We were in our group but also seemed to be in smaller groups. Claire and Tina, Kevin, Misty, and Ginny, and me and Sean. It kind of left Jen out. She was dancing with the group but more by herself. I grabbed her and made her dance with us. 

 Usually when we're out dancing, if Sean's with us, I dance with Sean. Jen always had Ben, so Sean had never seen the Jen and Christy dirty dance thing. Tonight I was dancing with Jen as much as with Sean. After all it was a party after a great weekend. To Sean's delight we got into our little show. For fun we made Sean the center of some very sexy dancing. 

 As the night wore on a slower song came on. Sean grabbed me and pulled me tight. Jen started to walk away. I grabbed her hand and pulled her to us. 

 "You're dancing with us," I said. 

 "I don't want to be a third wheel," she replied.

 "Why not," Sean said in his make believe sexy sleaze voice. "I loved riding my Big Wheel and it had 3 wheels." Then in a more conspiratorial voice he added, "Yup, 2 wheels looking kinda the same and one big, driving, wheel, if you catch my drift." Pausing for effect between each word. Big - driving - wheel. 

 Jen and I laughed. We all put our arms around each other and danced. Sean had his hand on my ass. 

 The night was ending, the three of us grabbed a cab back to the hotel. Climbing in the back seat it, in those red dresses, it was pretty impossible to keep from flashing Sean. caught him looking and called him on it. 

 "Enjoying the show?" I asked

 Sean, never the one to feel bad when caught looking at another girl, replied, "You bet, double feature," and gave me a huge grin. 

 I fake went to hit him. He grabbed my arm and pulled me in for a kiss. We started making out. 

 "Oh jeez," said Jen. "Talking about being a third wheel. I'd tell you to get a room, but I know there isn't one." 

 Sean laughed. "Feeling left out? Which one of us do you want to kiss?" He teased. 

 "Don't you wish," Jen replied.

 "Only since I've met you," he laughed. 

 "Wait," I said. "You want to kiss Jen or or you want Jen and I to kiss?" 

 "Yes," he laughed. 

 "I don't know," I said to Jen. "Do you think he's been a good boy?" 

 "Sean?" she laughed. "Does he know how to be a good boy?"

 "No, but that's what makes him fun," I said. 

 "So wait," Sean jokingly jumped in. "I'm lost. Am I kissing Jen or are you?" he asked." 

 I looked at Jen. We'd kissed before, we were in a sorority. We had our ties. We knew how to tease boys. It was no big deal. Jen shrugged and we kissed. It was fun. It always felt nice. I thought that Sean must be loving this. I also realized I was kind of liking it.

 "Happy?" I said to Sean. 

 Sean looked at his lap, "Getting there," he said. "But given that you're sharing a room, I don't want to get too happy," he laughed. "Or I may have to embarrass my roommate by having a happy party under my sheets."

 "Ewwww," we both laughingly replied. 

 "Hey, not my fault you two are so hot," he protested. 

 "Awwww," said Jen.

 "I know, that's why he gets away with this shit," I laughed. 

 When we got back to the hotel we decide to go back up to our room for a drink and to hang out. As soon as we got in the room I wanted to get out of my dress clothes. 

 "I'm going to get out of these clothes," I said. 

 "All of them?" Sean said.

 "Pig," I teased.

 Sean just shrugged his shoulders and smiled. I grabbed a T-shirt and panties and headed into the bathroom to change. I didn't need much else, after all, Sean was my boyfriend and Jen had seen me in my underwear lots of times.

 When I came out of the bathroom Sean and Jen were laughing. I could tell the look, Sean was flirting, and I knew he was good at it. 

 "Are you flirting with my roommate?" I said in mock anger. 

 "You bet," he replied. "Gotta keep the skills up, but seeing you in your underwear I think I'll switch targets."

 I was wearing a tank top that came to my navel and a cute pair of cotton boy short panties. 

 "You can flirt with me anytime," I flirted back. 

 "Third wheel," Jen said again. 

 "Big wheel," Sean smirked. 

 I laughed. 

 "Well, I'm going to get out of this dress and bra too," said Jen as she grabbed something to change too and headed for the bathroom. 

 "You don't have to use the other room for my sake," joked Sean.

 I backhanded him on the chest. Jen laughed and said, "You'd die if I did." 

 "Probably, but happily," he quipped. 

 I didn't mind the flirting. He was a flirt when I met him, I knew that's who he was. On the other hand, I had no doubt he was faithful so I didn't worry. 

 Jen came out of the bathroom. I don't know what I expected, I knew she slept in panties and a T but I guess seeing her in front of Sean was not usual so I just stared. She was dressed like me, same school T shirt and a pair of boy shorts almost just like mine.

 "What?" She said.

 Sean jumped in, "Nothing you look fine." 

 I realized how much we looked alike. When we dressed like this even more alike. 

 Sean and I laid down on my bed, Jen on hers. Out of nowhere Jen burst into tears. 

 "A wedding, you guys are so happy, breaking up with Ben was the right thing to do, but I admit, I miss the closeness." 

 "I understand," I said. "Once you start fucking, you miss it when you're not fucking." 

 We all laughed. 

 "Yeah," said Jen. "Ben never fucked. He said, 'Let's make love.' I need a good fucking." 

 Without really thinking I said, "Sean's a great fuck." 

 "Are you offering me a ride on the big wheel," laughed Jen. 

 Actually, I hadn't thought that far. Sean and I had discussed threesomes before. I wasn't against it, but I really hadn't planned this. I knew Jen was kidding and I could end it with a joke, but the idea actually appealed to me. If I was going to do a threesome, who better to do it with. Sean's cool, he would not get carried away, he wasn't going to fall in love with Jen.

 "Yeah, why not?" I replied. 

 Both Sean and Jen looked at me, mouths open. Jen spoke first. She looked at Sean, then me and said, "Sure, what the hell. It's been a wild weekend, what better way to end it." 

 I looked at Sean.

 "I'm keepin' my mouth shut," he laughed holding his hands up. 

 Jen smiled at me. "What the hell," she laughed and pulled her T shirt off. 

 "Yeah, what the hell," I agreed and pulled my shirt off. 

 We both looked at Sean. "Well, I sure as hell aren't saying no," he laughed? 

 Jen and I pounced on him and pushed him back on the bed. She started unbuttoning his shirt. I started on his belt and pants. 

 "What?, not even a kiss? Just rip my clothes off?" Sean joked. 

 "Oh you poor baby," she said. She finished unbuttoning his shirt straddled his stomach and started making out with him. "Better?" she asked.

 "Much," he said. I saw his hands go to her tits as they went back to kissing. 

 Meanwhile I got his shoes and socks off and pulled his pants off of him. His cock stuck straight up. I always loved his cock. Between 7-8" and thick, It always left me feeling full. I wrapped my hand around it. 

 Since Jen was straddling Sean and kissing him her ass was almost touching his cock. I took his cock and rubbed it against her panty covered ass. 

 She sat up. "Uh oh," she said in a fake little girl voice. "What's that?" 

 She turned to look. "Damnit Christy, you get to fuck that all the time?" 

 "Shhhh, don't give him a swelled head," I said. Then we all realized the unintended double entendre at the same time and laughed. 

 "Hmmm, I kinda like his swelled head," she said as she climbed off him and turned around to wrap her hand around his cock. 

 "Can you actually get your lips around this thing," she said bending her head down and licked the tip. I saw a drop of pre-cum stick to her tongue. 

 I watched as she took it in her mouth. She made an 'Mmmm' noise around it. 

 "Looks like you're doing ok," I laughed. 

 Just then she gave a little yelp around Sean's cock. When I looked I could see Sean's fingers had slipped into her panties and he was playing with her pussy. 

 I bent my head down next to Jen's and put my hand on hers around his cock. We started taking turns sucking it. Being so close to her lips I figured what the hell, I had to break the ice sometime. As we held his cock between us, I kissed her. She and I made out while Sean played with Jen's pussy and we jacked off his cock. 

 I saw Jen squirm a bit. I looked as she lifted her knees so Sean could remove her panties. Sean pulled her to him so she was straddling his face. She moaned and sat up as he started to lick her pussy. 

 With my hand still wrapped around Sean's cock I sat up with her. We kept making out as Sean ate her. 

 "Oh my god," she moaned in my mouth. "Ben did not know how to do it like this." 

 "I know," I said. Sean's tongue can easily make me cum in minutes. 

 "Mmmmmm, good," she moaned. "Then I wo...wo...wo..nt feel..... Oh my god....," she came. "Slutty cumming so fast." She laughed. 

 "You think that's good. You should see him fuck," I teased. 

 "Can I?" she asked.

 "See him?" I teased.

 "No you bitch," she laughed. "I need a good fucking."

 "Well, you'll have to ask Sean," I teased. 

 We both looked at Sean. "How can I say no," he said. 

 Jen turned around and straddled his hips. My hand was still around his cock I guided it to her pussy. I could feel her wetness as she lowered herself on he cock. 

 "Oooohhhh," she moaned. Then she started fucking him. "Ungh... Uhn..uhn.. Ohhhhhh....," she grunted as she fucked his cock. 

 Sean got active. He grabbed her and pushed her to her back. He rammed his cock back into her. It sunk all the way in. I could see her wetness on his cock. Sean started pounding her pussy. She wrapped her legs around his hips as he fucked her. I then reached over, grabbed her legs and pulled them back towards her hips. 
