 "Ok, after this shot, we need to go to the Jacuzzi."

Lana and Danielle looked at James as if he'd grown a third head while Mark nodded ecstatically.

"Um, James, I don't have a swimsuit." Lana explained.

"Neither do I." Danielle chimed in.

"I'm going in my boxers." Mark added. "Just go in your underwear, it'll be fine."

Both women pointed their crazy looks towards him .

"Mark, if you haven't noticed, these wonderful bridesmaid dresses didn't really leave room for a bra."

Danielle nodded in agreement.

James threw his arm across Lana's shoulders. "Don't worry babe, you can wear my tank top and I'll wear my t-shirt."

"And you can wear my t-shirt." Mark added to Danielle.

Before they could protest, James threw his hands up. "Perfect, it's settled. One more shot then Jacuzzi time!"

Lana and Danielle looked at each other with unsure smiles as they followed the guys outside.

****

The four of them quickly grouped up during the weekend wedding celebration. Lana and James had been together for over a year while Danielle and Mark had gravitated towards each other in an unspoken sexual attraction fueled by the fact that neither of them were in relationships. Together the group found a mutual fondness for inappropriate jokes and copious amounts of alcohol.

"Yes James, this tank really covers my breasts."

All three looked at Lana's chest.

"Babe, they're great looking breasts. You have nothing to be ashamed of." James comforted bringing her into his thin frame.

Lana smiled kissing him in gratitude.

"I can't believe you almost said no to this." Mark spoke quietly.

Danielle waded through the water towards him. "I didn't say no... I just gave a little protest. Isn't that what good girls do?"

Mark scoffed. "I'm sure good girls do."

Danielle flicked water at his face in protest. "This is an exception to my life. I'm on vacation, I can do whatever I want."

He shrugged and smiled.

Danielle rolled her eyes and moved a little closer to him. "Besides, wasn't getting me naked all a part of the plan?"

He took a swig of his beer. "I haven't made a single plan since I got here."

Danielle smirked bobbing up and down in the water.

"Are you purposely teasing me, or is it a coincidence?"

Danielle mimicked his shrug.

Mark leaned in towards her and whispered, "Between your tits and their little show over there, I'll go with teasing."

Danielle looked over her shoulder to see Lana grinding her ass into James while they made out.

"Come on you two, save it for the room."

James looked up with a lazy smile. "Don't hate."

Danielle moved in close to Mark. "Is that what you were looking for?"

Mark bit on his bottom lip. "I may be feeling a little left out."

Danielle was about to lean in and kiss him when they heard, "Damn, look at that ass."

Danielle turned around at Lana's remark. "Why thank you. It's my third best feature."

Lana leaned forward and lightly tapped, then squeezed it.

"Girl, it should be your first 'cause... damn."

Danielle laughed. "If I had boobs like yours I'd have the complete package."

She moved across the Jacuzzi and cupped the underside of each ample breast.

"I mean, look at 'em!"

James leaned over to watch the action. The entire night thus far had been more than surreal. "Now compare lips. I mean, I think they're both your number one best feature."

"You wouldn't want that James." Danielle teased. "You know what they say about going black."

"I'm willing to risk it."

"Hey!" Lana exclaimed looking back and forth between the two.

James wrapped his arms around her bringing her closer to him and his very poignant hard on. "I'm sorry babe."

She giggled slightly. "Besides, I'm the only one that can decide who the better kisser is."

James perked up.

Lana looked at Danielle. "Let's see what you got."

Danielle smirked devilishly before placing her hand behind Lana's head entangling it in the long curly red locks.

"You asked for this." She directed at James before her lips pressed onto Lana's.

Both men grew silent watching as the kiss deepened. To Lana's surprise, her nipples grew even harder than before. The feel of Danielle's full lips and the way her tongue massaged the inside of her mouth was something she'd never experienced. The thought of a woman making her as wet as she was had never crossed her mind until it was actually happening.

"It's like having a chocolate and vanilla swirl come together."

James chuckled. "Nah, it's more like having strawberry ice cream topped in delicious hot fudge."

Both girls laughed and parted.

"That was fucking sexy babe." James told her pushing into her from behind.

Lana turned to face him as the kiss still lingered on her lips. "From the feel of it, I think you enjoyed it more than me."

"I can show you just how much I enjoyed it." 

Lana gripped his hardness. "Why don't we take this up to the room?" 

James lit up at the words. "That's a great idea. Why don't you guys come up to our room?"

"Wait, James, I wasn't..."

"No babe, that's even better than what I had in mind."

Lana took in a deep breath and looked over at Danielle.

Danielle winked at her. "It'll be fun. Don't worry about it."

Lana smiled in return as they got out of the water.

"You still have that keg in your room don't you?" Mark asked.

James raised a questioning eyebrow in his friend's direction. "Well yeah, but are you really worried about the beer?" he asked following the two women out of the water.

Mark chuckled following suit.

They grabbed towels to wrap themselves up in before the four moved inconspicuously through the lobby as there were still plenty of people from the wedding moving around.

"You have no idea how hard I want to fuck the shit out of you." Mark whispered in Danielle's ear.

Danielle looked him up and down. Mark was a huskier guy than she would normally go for, but after feeling how thick he was in the Jacuzzi, she couldn't wait to find out what he had to offer.

****

Once in the room, the guys took charge of their respective women. James's hands immediately went for Lana's breasts as he pushed into her from behind. He'd pictured something like this for years, but never imagined he'd get the opportunity. Lana wasn't a prude by any means, but he'd never imagined she'd be into kissing another woman let alone participating in something like this.

Just the thought of what was about to happen had him straining through his boxers.

Clothes were quickly disposed of before the two couples reached the same bed. Lana pushed James backwards playfully.

"You know what I want."

James chuckled. "Then come and get it."

Lana moved up his body until her pussy was directly in line with his face. His hands moved up her thighs taking in the glistening mound. The small patch of red curls couldn't hide what he was after as he flicked his tongue over her clit causing a sharp intake of breath to escape her.

Danielle watched for a moment before moving in between James's legs. Underneath his boxers was something she hadn't seen in a while, but was very familiar with. Her small hand took hold of the long shaft causing his hips to jump.

Mark stared with hungry eyes not sure when and where to jump in at first. Just before she was about to take James into her mouth, Danielle motioned for him to get behind her. He moved steadily taking in the gorgeous ebony span of her back before gripping his thick girth and running it through her small lips coating himself with her juices. With one smooth move, he entered into her tight slit.

The moment he began to enter her, Danielle was in ecstasy. He was thicker than any man she'd ever been with before and the combination of intense pleasure and pain had her taking it all out on James's long cock in her mouth. 

James was loving every minute of it. Every time Danielle moaned and slipped him further down her throat, he'd nip at Lana's sensitized bud causing her moans to grow louder and louder.

James had always been talented in his oral ministrations, but this was a whole new ballpark for Lana. He seemed more determined than ever to get her off, and it was working.

The sensations hit harder and harder throughout her body to the point where she was grinding her pelvis into his face. Each movement eliciting another rolling wave of heat throughout her body until she came with a screaming climax nearly suffocating him in the process.

James hungrily lapped up her juices as best he could feeling his own climax surging only to be disappointed when Danielle pulled away with a loud suctioned pop.

"James, baby, that was amazing!"

James chuckled wiping his face with the back of his hand. "Would you still consider leaving me for a woman?"

Lana leaned down and began circling his nipples with her tongue causing him to hiss in excitement. "Not in a million years."

Mark was loving the feeling of being inside Danielle. He'd been thinking about it from the first night they'd met. Her tight wet channel was doing wonders on him, but the moment Lana bent over exposing her glistening lips to him, a new level of arousal hit him causing him to swell even more.

Danielle moaned at the sensations going throughout her body. At first, she thought he was on his way to coming, but when she glanced back, she saw what had gotten Mark's attention. With a devilish grin, she took his hand and guided it to Lana's clit.

Lana's body immediately responded to the thick fingers on her already swollen nub. For a second, she thought it was Danielle's touch on her, but when Danielle came up on the bed, she soon realized who was giving her such intense pleasure. She moved off of James and backed into Mark's hand as he thrust two fingers inside of her.

James watched for a moment unsure of what was going on before Danielle mounted him easily sliding his cock into her body.

His own body sprung back to life quickly as her hips began to move in a purposeful rhythm. Every wet dream he'd ever had about two women couldn't compare to the events of the night. Both women were equally gorgeous and out to please him as he felt Lana's hand on his balls while Danielle leaned over him grinding her clit into his lower abdomen while picking up the pace on his cock; her wetness making it all the more better as it coated his shaft and slicked down between his legs.

Lana's hand soon stilled as Mark slid home into Lana's dripping center.

Both women made incredible noises as they grew closer to climax. Mark leaned forward and began rubbing tight little circles on Lana's clit while he pushed harder and deeper into her. Lana couldn't believe the way Mark was taking her. Rough wasn't normally her style, but the combination of him filling her and watching James with another woman who also made her hot was an unexpected rush to her system. Lana's eyes shut tightly as the orgasm rolled over her entire body engulfing her in what seemed like a never ending wave of pleasure.

James's hands gripped at Danielle's hips. Watching his woman's face as she came was a new experience for him. Especially while being in someone else. It made him feel powerful having made this entire situation happen.

He brought his feet up on the bed and began to pump up into Danielle as hard as he could. The feeling of being as deep inside of her as possible was something he'd only wished he could've experienced. This was better than any dream he could have conjured up.

Danielle's body began to act on its own volition. Every part of her body felt as though it was on pins and needles. Her screams from James's thrusts would have normally embarrassed her, but she couldn't be bothered. Everything was too much and not enough until her orgasm finally peaked causing her vision to white out.

James pumped a few more times into her body until he went rigid with his own roaring orgasm. Every part of him was focused on draining everything he had into her.

This would be a night he wouldn't be soon to forget.

****

After another thirty minutes, Mark and Danielle said their goodbyes. James and Lana took a quick shower together before curling up into bed together.

"Did you have fun?" He asked nuzzling her neck.

Lana smiled in contentment. "I did actually. It's not something I'd ever thought I'd do, but considering how tonight went, I'm glad it was with Danielle."

James shot up and looked down at her. Before he could start to probe she began laughing hysterically.

"You're something else you know that?"

Lana cuddled back into his body. "I know, that's why you love me."