 Author's note: This story is part of a series called 'The wedding party"'. The stories can be read in any order and are vignettes involving different members of the wedding party.

As always I look forward to your comments and feedback. Please keep on favoriting the stories and me as an author. Keep voting, leaving feedback, and emailing me. I love it. 

==============================. 

The Wedding Party: The Parents

Guy and I were standing in line with the wedding party. I wasn't thrilled to be next to him. Mark, my stepson, was marrying his girlfriend Becky. We were third in line, after Mark's mom Joanie and Becky's parents. I'm Lila and I am married to Guy, Mark's father. At least for now. I looked at the wedding party. I did not know any of them very well. When Guy divorced Joanie to be with me the kids were very angry. They did not spend a lot of time with us and when they did it was tense. 

I didn't blame them. It was my fault as well as Guys. I should have made him wait before telling anyone we were seeing each other. To them I was just a home wrecker. I guess they were right although Guy was as much to blame as I was. I was divorced and single, I could do whatever I wanted. He was married. He had made the commitment. I know, I should not have started with him in the first place, but I was lonely and he was attentive. I was no longer the same person I was and I had long ago realized I'd been wrong and recognized the damage I'd done but I had to live with the consequences. 

He pursued me. I shouldn't have fallen for it, but I did. He was at work so much I believed him when he said he was only waiting till the kids turned 18. When Mark turned 18 I was done waiting. I told Guy I was ending it. Guy reluctantly agreed to tell his family. 

Needless to say they were very angry with him. The kids didn't speak to him for six months and after that it was only a few times a year. They'd come by on holidays to see us for an hour or two. They barely spoke to me. They were very polite, but very distant. Now there was a wedding and it made me uncomfortable to be part of it. I just kept my mouth shut, kept a low profile, and did what I was told. 

I felt like no one, well almost no one, really wanted me, but I had responded with Guy and I was his wife, so I came. 

Weirder was the bachelorette party. I had not been looking forward to that at all. Mark and Becky's friends had decided to hold the bachelor and bachelorette parties in Vegas. The moms, including me, were invited. I did not know any of the people very well. I didn't know any of Mark's friends and I had met Becky's mom just once. It would be an event that I would go to alone, without Guy.

Although I was nervous about the party I'd hoped Vegas would be fun. Guy and I could finally spend some time together. The last year had been rough for us. Guy became more and more distant working longer hours and coming home late. 

At the last minute, Guy had some business to catch up on, so I was going to go to Vegas and Guy would meet me the day after the bachelorette party. I was not happy. 

As I arrived at the hotel on Friday I ran into Becky's mom and dad in the lobby. I assumed they knew the story, on the other hand they hadn't lived it, so they were very accepting of me. We chatted for a few minutes. When Becky's mom, Nancy, heard I was alone she suggested we go to the bachelorette party together. We agreed to meet in the lobby. 

After showering and changing I met Nancy in the lobby and we headed over to the hotel bar to meet the girls. We were the first ones there. Nancy was very sweet to me. I found out she was 45.. I'm 35 and I thought she looked my age. She was not beautiful, or pretty, she had a sophisticated look about her. She was 5'9" with hair a little shorter than shoulder length and about a size 5. I'm lousy at guessing weights. She wasn't curvy, but she attracted attention when she walked. 

Two women, sitting in a bar attracted men. Between her sophisticated look and my girl next door blonde 5'7" 135, girl next door look, men were offering us drinks and trying to talk with us. Nancy had an amazing way of sounding all business but dropping in an innuendo or two just to tease. She was the conversationalist. I pretty much sat there. 

Shortly after, all the girls came in. They were all wearing matching black dresses. Joanie, Mark's mom was there. She was wearing the same dress. I felt a little bad I was left out, but that was kind of the way it worked. 

The bachelorette party was kind of fun. I sat on the outskirts. I felt weird. I was an age between the girls and the moms I didn't feel like I fit anywhere. I think only Nancy really talked to me but with so many girls there was lots of giggling and 'Wooos' all the men in the bar wanted to talk to us. It was fun to watch them try. 

Meanwhile I told Nancy my story of Guy not coming with me. 

"That's awful," she said. 

I admit, I was kind of feeling sorry for myself. After the party the girls invited us out. Nancy and I declined. I hadn't been clubbing for years. As the girls left Nancy invited me to stay for one more drink. She asked me what time Guy was arriving the next day. I didn't know and told her so. 

"Tomorrow Steve and I are going hiking in Red Rock canyon," she said. Steve was Becky's dad. "Why don't you come with us." 

"I couldn't," I said. "I don't want to intrude."

"It's ok," she said. "We'd love the company."

"Do you want to check with Steve first?" I asked. 

"Oh sure," she laughed. " Like Steve is going to object to me bringing a pretty girl along."

"Ok," I agreed. 

We chatted a bit more and made plans for Saturday. We left them open in case Guy was coming in early. I got back to my room and called Guy. 

"Hi," he said. "Having fun?"

"It's ok," I replied. "I'm looking forward to you getting here."

Just then I heard a toilet flush. A door opened and I heard a woman say, "hey, where do you.." and then her voice stopped abruptly. 

"Who's that?" I asked. 

There was a pause. "Just the TV," he answered.

"Really? What show?" I was pissed. "Who is that?" I asked again.

He did not answer right away. When he did he said, "Let's talk about it when you get home."

I was livid. I mean, I should have expected it. Karma is a bitch, but it still caught me off guard. 

"Coming home?" I'm not coming home. "If anything I'll be at my sisters." I hung up and tried to sleep. 

I was waken by the phone ringing. It was Nancy. "Hey there just checking in with you. Did you find out when Guy was arriving." 

"He's not coming," I said. 

"Oh? What happened?" she asked. 

"Long story, I'm going to skip the hike I think. Thank you for inviting me," I replied. 

"Don't be silly," she said. "What else are you going to do today?" she said. "You're coming."

I started to protest but she'd have none of it. I agreed to go. 

I showered and threw on a t shirt and jeans and met them in the lobby. They were both in jeans and ready to go. For the first time I checked Steve out. He kind of fit Nancy. He was 6'2" and lean. Not scrawny not beefy. Just a long lanky guy. He had sandy colored hair, blue eyes, and a great smile. 

We headed out of town to Red Rock. We had a great time hiking. Red Rock is beautiful. Not a lot of shade but great views. Nancy could tell something was wrong. Slowly, as we got to know each other, I told her and Steve the whole story. They were of course sympathetic. It was cathartic for me to unburden myself. Just having someone else to share the story with made me feel better. 

By the end of the day we were laughing and making up numerous bizarre ways to get revenge. None of course doable, but they lightened my spirits. 

As we headed back into Vegas they invited me to join them for dinner. I insisted i couldn't but they again insisted. Not really wanting to be alone I accepted. 

I asked Nancy if we were going to dress for dinner. She laughed and said, "Of course. After all, were out on a Saturday night in Vegas. 

I had a dress I was going to wear for Guy. It was basically a tight, low cut, black, short sleeve sheath that stopped about 6" from my knee. I was worried it might be too much, but it was all that I had. I needn't have been worried. When Nancy came off the elevator she was wearing a short red halter dress. The dress had almost no back to it. I have to admit she looked hot. 

Steve was thrilled. "Well, everyone in Vegas is going to be jealous of me," he said. 

"We do make a hot threesome," I remarked. I didn't mean anything by it, but it was a setup to return an innuendo. 

"Hmmmm..., threesome," was all Steve said. 

Nancy looked at me and said, "Every guy's fantasy," and laughed. 

I laughed too. We were having fun, but of course when you say something like that your brain always goes deeper. I wasn't thinking threesome now, but I wondered if I'd ever really do something like that. 

Steve held out his arms and said, "I don't need a threesome to enjoy being out with two beautiful women."

We headed out for dinner. As we looked at the dinner menu they had something called the ultimate threesome. It was a pairing of appetizer wine and entree. We all laughed. After that threesome became the joke of the night. 

We played slots, looking for a threesome. We played blackjack and I was dealt 3 sevens. Anything we saw in threes became a threesome. It was funny and made us all laugh. Between that and bizarre ways to get revenge on Guy we laughed all night. 

We headed to one of the lounges that had music. There was a classic rock band and people dancing. Steve asked Nancy to dance. Nancy insisted I dance with them. We were having a great time. It was about midnight and the band was switching. We sat down in a booth to finish our drinks. 

Steve got up to go to the restroom. When he was gone Nancy looked at me and said, "Would you ever do it?" 

"Do what?" I asked. 

"A threesome. Would you ever do it?" She continued. 

"I don't know," I said. "I mean maybe. I'm not against it but it would have to be the right situation and I have no idea what that is." 

"Any possibility the right situation would be a night in Vegas?" she asked. 

My brain started to catch on. I wasn't sure what to say. It's one of those moments that you have to comprehend what you heard and respond but the comprehension processing takes a while because it came out of left field. 

Nancy went on. She shrugged her shoulders. "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. You are no longer dating Guy, you said you hadn't had sex in more than 2 months. Couldn't hurt to ask." 

My mind was still wrapping itself around this. The first thing out of my mouth was, "Do you do that a lot?"

"No" she said. "Never. But we've talked about it. But how do you make that happen? Personal ads are creepy. But we're here in Vegas, no one we know is around, we've been having fun, you're a beautiful woman, so it doesn't hurt to ask." 

"Does Steve know you're asking me?" I asked. I was still avoiding the question. Actually not avoiding, just not answering. 

"No, I love Steve. He's a good man. I thought we could surprise him." 

"Wow," I said. "Ummm.." I wasn't saying no, I realized. If I wasn't saying no, I was considering it. 

Finally I reached across the table, took her hand, and said, "What the hell." 

She laughed and said, "Let's go as soon as Steve gets back before we both lose our nerve."

I agreed. I had no idea how this was done, but the idea was starting to excite me. Steve returned a minute later and asked if we wanted another drink. 

Nancy responded that the bar was expensive they had wine in their room and suggested we go up there. I agreed and we all headed to the elevator. 

As we headed to their room I tried to imagine what would happen. I could picture fucking Steve. He was good looking and I hadn't been laid in a while, but I'd never been with a girl. Not that I was against it. It just never came up. I had questions. What would she do if I was fucking Steve. How would this start. Who undresses who. They were logistical questions, not should I questions. 

When we got to their room Nancy went and turned on a light next to the bed. That gave the room some soft lighting. Steve went to open the wine.

"Please, sit down," she said. The only place to sit was on the bed. I sat down. 

"You don't mind if I put on some music, do you?" she asked. 

I was fine with it. She pulled out her phone. They had a little speaker in the room they must have brought from home. Soft music came on. Steve poured us all a drink. Nancy started swaying to the music. 

She reached out her band to me and pulled me to my feet. Holding my hand we both swayed to the music about two feet from each other while drinking our wine. Steve just sat on the bed. We danced like that for a minute and Nancy put her wine down. She took my glass and put it down also. Holding both my hands we both swayed to the music. 

It felt nice. Soft lights, soft music, her soft hands, us gently swaying to the music. She slowly pulled me to her. When I was about six inches away she bent her head down and kissed me. It was a soft kiss on the lips. There was no tongue or anything. Just our lips lightly brushing each other's. 

I'd never kissed a girl before. It felt good. It was softer than kissing a man. More gentle than urgent. I liked it. Steve just sat on the bed drinking his wine. She kissed me again. This time her tongue parted my lips. I returned the kiss. 

As she kissed me her arms went around me. I could feel her hands on the zipper of my dress. As she slowly pulled the zipper down we kissed and swayed to the music. She pulled away and looked at me, as if to give me a chance to stop it. I pulled her back and kissed her again. 

I felt her hands slide through the back of my dress onto my skin. The were warm and soft. I let myself go to the feeling. She pulled back from me. Looking into my eyes she pulled the shoulders of my dress down and over my arms. I quickly did a review in my head of what underwear I was wearing. I had planned to be wearing this dress with Guy. A dress this tight meant I was wearing a black lacy bra and black g-string. I wondered what Nancy would think when she realized I was wearing a g-string. I actually had forgotten Steve was there for a moment. 

Asnshe pushed my dress down over my hips she ran her hands down the side of my ass. She pushed the dress down my thighs and it fell and pooled by my feet. 

She ran her hands back up my ass said, "Nice," and kissed me again.

All of a sudden I remembered Steve. The thought of standing in front of this practical stranger in my g-string, bra, and heels kind of turned me on. Between the kisses and that thought I was feeling the heat in my pussy. 

Nancy let go of me and reach up behind her neck. She pulled the halter top up over her head and the dress fell to her waist. She had nice tits between A and B cup. We kissed again. This time I felt her naked breasts against my skin as she pulled me close. Once again her hands slid to my ass as she pulled me close. 

I put my hands on the dress around her waist and pushed it to the floor. She was wearing a small red pair of lacy bikini panties. 

We kissed one more time then she took my hand and led me to the bed. We both climbed on and kneeling facing each other kissed again. As we did she reached behind me and undid my bra. I giggled as she threw it at Steve. 

Nancy and I laid down on the bed next to each other and continued kissing. I felt her hand slide up and cup my breast. Again much softer than a man. Her fingers lightly played with my nipple. I did the same to her. I'd never touched a woman's breast before. It was exciting. I did to her what I knew I liked. She moaned into my mouth as she kissed me. 

Nancy then started to move her hand down towards my pussy. I kind of stopped in anticipation. 

"Are you OK?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied and kissed her again and spread my legs to give her access. 

Her hand slipped into my g-string to my pussy. When her fingers brushed my clit I moaned again. She kept going to my pussy and slid her finger into me. I sighed my and let my head fall back. It felt so good. The only person who'd touched me there in more than 2 months was me. 

As she played with my pussy. She said to Steve, "Don't just sit there, get undressed." 

I felt him get off the bed but didn't look. I just gave into Nancy's hand playing with my pussy. Again I started playing with her breasts. I could feel my orgasm building up. I moaned in anticipation. As I felt Steve climb bacK on the bed, it hit me. 

"Yes," I moaned quietly. I can be noisy during sex, but truthfully this situation was so different I controlled myself. 

I kissed Nancy again. This time my hand slipped into her panties. Her pussy ,was wet. I thought I got wet. It was strange to feel another woman's wetness and knowing I made her that way. I took my wet fingers and slid them to her clit. I started with small circles then stroking it. I played with it like I was masturbating. She started moaning. 

Steve had climbed on the bed behind her so that Nancy was between us. His hands were playing with her tits. She would turn her face to kiss him and then turn back to kiss me. It was surreal and sexy. 

He bent his head down to take one of her nipples in his mouth. As he did I started sucking on the other one. Between my fingers and us sucking on her tits she began to moan. She started grinding her pussy against my fingers. 

"God yes, Lila, oh god, don't stop. Oh my god Steve, this is amazing. Don't stop." 

Her hand went to my hand and she pushed my hand into her pussy and ground against it. 

"Fuck yes," she moaned and came on my fingers. 

She lay back for a moment, then hooked her thumb in the waistband of her panties and wriggled out of them. "Your turn," she said. She then climbed to the other side of me and pulled my g-string off. I lifted my ass to help her. 

The three of us were now in bed, completely naked. I was between Nancy and Steve. Nancy again kissed me. Then she pulled Steve close and turned me to him. He was a great kisser. It was so different after kissing Nancy but I loved the way it felt. 

She took Steve's hand and placed it on my tit. His hands were big and almost covered my whole tit. They were rough compared to Nancy's softness. I shuddered as he touched me. Next the I know Steve is kissing his way down my body while Nancy played with my tits and sucked my nipples. 

I felt Steve get between my legs. I wasn't sure if he was going to fuck me or what. I soon found out as I felt his tongue probed my pussy. I loved it. He was good at it. I let myself go to the sensations. As he ate me and Nancy played with my tits I started playing with Nancy's pussy again. 

As I did Steve's expert tongue was bringing me to the brink of another orgasm. As I came I pushed my finger hard into Nancy's pussy. She pushed against my hand as I came on Steve's tongue. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned. 

Nancy pulled Steve up to kiss him. I knew she could taste me on his lips. I was on my back and he was positioned on top of me supporting his weight with his hands. Nancy reach down between us. I felt Steve's cock at the entrance to my pussy. I knew Nancy was positioning it so Steve could enter me. I put my hands on Steve's shoulders and looked at him as his cock slid into me. 

He felt big. I didn't know if he was big or if it had just been so long that anything in me felt great, but I felt full. He started taking long slow thrusts. I loved it. Nancy turned so her head was next to me by my hips and her hips by my head. She had her hand in a place where she could play with my clit and rub his cock as he pushed into me. Her pussy was close to my face. 

I grabbed her legs and pulled her on top of my face facing Steve. I flicked my tongue against her clit. She tasted salty sweet. I liked it. I sucked her clit lightly between my lips. She moaned. Slowly I started eating her pussy the way I liked it. She would moan and push her pussy against my tongue. 
