 Suzette and I had just finished the aerobic class and we went into Walt's office to finalize plans for the evening. Walt smiled as we entered his office and told us to come in. He got up and locked the door behind us.

"How are my two favorite ladies?" he asked patting us both on the ass, "Have a good class?"

I smiled back and replied, "Yes it was very good class."

"Cathleen why don't you peel down Suzette's leotards so I can see her cute ass and then you can peel down Cathleen's, Suzette," Walt directed.

I walked over to Suzette and took her in my arms and kissed her first. Then I dropped to my knees and peeled down her leotards to her knees. I could see the goose bumps on her skin and she shivered slightly under my touch. I then stood up and kissed her and ran my hands around to her bottom and cupped her ass tenderly.

Suzette then dropped to her knees and pulled my leotards down to my knees. She stood back up and we kissed again. Our hands found each other's pussy and we fingered each other as we kissed. Walt wheeled his chair to where we were standing and he played with both our asses. Suzette and I kissed and fingered each other as Walt fondled our buttocks. Both Suzette and I were very sensitive in our asses and we got very turned on as they were played with. I knew I was dripping and I could feel Suzette's soaked pussy on my fingers.

Walt wheeled away from us and said, "That's enough for now girls. I'll see you at the Chateau a little later."

Suzette and I pulled up our leotards and then left Walt's office. We then left for the Chateau and to pick up some wine on the way. Suzette and I later arrived at the Chateau still wearing our leotards but I knew that once we were in the room they would come off quickly. Once in the room I ran the Jacuzzi and added the oily beads to the water. Suzette and I sat in the Jacuzzi tub until Walt arrived. We would play with each other and have fun as we awaited his arrival. 

HOW SUZETTE JOINED US

Suzette was a co-worker who became a friend of mine. She was single and she didn't really have much of a sex life. She wasn't a virgin by any means but she just didn't date very much. Suzette was about my height at 5"6" and she weighed about 120 lbs. She had a cute figure with the bumps in the right places. She had brown eyes and long brown hair that hung passed her shoulders. Her breasts were a 34B and her ass, like me, was by far her best asset. She had nice shapely legs and a flat tummy. Walt had noticed her several times in our aerobic class.

Walt kind of liked her because she was so pleasant and so shy. Suzette really liked Walt and she often flirted with him at least the way she flirted. Suzette wasn't a beautiful girl but she was attractive in her own way. She would often join Walt and me when we just went out for drinks after work. Walt told her that she had a cute figure and he was surprised that she didn't have a boyfriend, to which Suzette just blushed and giggled.

One night while Suzette and I were waiting for Walt to join us at the Rusty Pelican, I told Suzette about my affairs with Walt. She told that she suspected that we were close but that she had no idea that we were sleeping together. I pressed the issue with her to see if she might be interested in a threesome. Suzette blushed and smiled in a sultry way.

"I don't know Cathleen. I have never done anything like that," Suzette whispered.

"You trust me and you trust Walt, don't you?" I asked.

"Of course I do, you know I do. It's just that I've never been with another girl or done the group thing."

"You won't have to do anything that you don't want to do or that you feel uncomfortable doing. Look we'll drive separately and if you decided to leave you can."

Suzette looked bewildered and it was obvious that she was struggling with the decision and then she nodded and said, "Okay but if I get nervous or scared I'm out of there."

"Absolutely and by the way what ever we do together will always be our secret."

"I have to ask you something. Is Walt big? You know has he got a big dick?"

I smiled at Suzette and answered her, "Well he bigger than average but not huge. I guess about 7+ inches long and about 5 inches around. He has a great looking cock."

Suzette blushed and then took another sip of her wine. I sipped my wine also and then we kept talking until Walt arrived. When he came in he kissed us both on the cheek and greeted us. Within seconds the waitress was over to take his order. I couldn't stand her as she openly flirted with Walt and touched his arm as she took his order.

"Hi Trudy, Johnny Walker Black on the rocks, water back," Walt said as he gave her his order.

I watched as Trudy walked away and exaggerated the swing of her ass. She was pretty enough but I couldn't stand her. She was back in no time with Walt's drink and once again she touched his arm as she served him.

After she walked away I said, "I can't stand that blonde bimbo. She is always coming on to you."

"Oh she's just after a big tip that's all," Walt said and laughed.

"Well just as long as you don't give her the big tip of your dick," I whispered in his ear and ran my hand over his crotch.

The three of us had another round of drinks and then we left the bar. We each drove separately to the Chateau and parked our cars in the secluded lot. Walt went by the office to pick up the room key while I gathered up the wine and supplies I had brought for the evening. Walt opened the door and we all entered the room. Walt had gotten a room with the Jacuzzi tub in it. Suzette looked around and checked out the décor in the room.

Walt and I began to undress and Suzette watched us. I told her to join us if she wanted and I think she felt more self conscious dressed while we undressed. Suzette turned beet red but she did begin to take off her clothes. Walt's cock started to harden as he looked at my naked body and then Suzette's. Suzette subconsciously covered her tits and pubes with her hands.

Suzette couldn't help but look at his impressive cock as it was bigger than anything she had seen or fucked. I moved behind Suzette and slowly peeled Suzette's hands away from her tits and pussy. Suzette leaned back into me and she could feel my stiff nipples pressing into her back. I began to caress Suzette's tits and then whispered to her.

"Suzette just go with the flow, Walt is a great fuck. But you know that already from what I told you," I told her.

Suzette knew she was had. She then resolved herself to let Walt fuck her and she relaxed in my arms. Walt stepped up to her and pushed her thighs apart. Suzette offered no resistance. 

"Now that's better," Walt sighed as he moved between her thighs.

"Look how big and hard his cock is. He's dying to fuck you but I want you to suck him first," I said directing the action.

Suzette's stared at Walt's cock, her eyelids were half closed in a sexual swoon. I eased her forward toward Walt and pushed her to her knees. "Suck his cock," I ordered. 

Suzette's hand moved up and gripped Walt's thick cock. Her hand just fit around his girth. She pulled his cock down and slid him into her hot mouth. He groaned with lust and pushed his hips forward so that half his cock was rooted into Suzette's mouth. I knelt behind Suzette and caressed her firm tits. 

I whispered in Suzette's ear, "I'm going to eat your pussy and you're going to eat mine. Walt's going to fuck both of us with that hot cock of his. He's going to fuck our mouths and our pussies."

Suzette's head bobbed up and down the length of Walt's cock. She sucked him deep into her throat, moaning and gurgling around his thickness. She pulled him out so she could run her tongue around the magnificent head of his cock and taste the tangy pre-cum dripping from the piss hole. Her mouth nibbled down the shaft while she stroked him with one hand and caressed his balls with the other. Behind her she felt my hand reaching down to rub her pussy and penetrate her pink slit with two fingers. Her hips began undulating as I slid two fingers in and out of her tight pussy. Above her Walt banged his cock into her mouth so that she gagged a little and had to take him out. She rubbed his cock against her face as she caught her breath. I knelt up next to her to share Walt's cock. We both nibbled and sucked and jerked him. We let our tongues tangle together and we felt his cock slide over our cheeks and into our hair. 

I urged Suzette to straddle my face and then I tongue fucked her. Walt slipped his still hard cock back into Suzette's mouth while Suzette moaned and rubbed her muff against my mouth. Suzette felt my finger invade her tender ass and she came hard spraying cream out on my tongue and face as I finger fucked her ass to the knuckle.

Walt straddled my body and crouching forward brought his hot cock up to the lips of Suzette's cunt. He slid his cock home and began fucking into her. He reached around her and rubbed her tits. His hand slid across her face, his fingers dipped into her mouth so he could feel her tongue slide and glide across them. I slid her tongue against Suzette's clit and I licked the shaft of Walt's cock as it slid in and out of her. Suzette was cumming incessantly, thick cunt cream dripped down Walt's shaft and onto my face.

Occasionally a gusher of her girl cream would spill out from around the tight seal of his cock in her pussy and drip down to cover my face. My cunt gripped crazily around my own fingers as I came, my body shaking. We all uncoupled and Walt lay down between my wide spread thighs and began sucking my cunt. Suzette lay down on me and we pressed our tits together. A thick jet of my cunt cream rewarded Walt's eager tongue and face as I came with thunderous intensity. Both Suzette and I were screaming and moaning begging Walt to fuck us and suck us. Walt got up on his knees and lifted my hips so he could bury his now raging cock into my hot pussy. He fucked me hard, feeling me cum again and again. He took his cock out of my cunt and buried it in my ass. His fingers replaced his cock in my cunt so that both my holes were getting fucked. 

Suzette spun around and jammed her ass into my face while her tongue danced across my swollen clit. Walt fucked hard into my ass as I orgasmed again and again against his fingers and Suzette's fiery tongue. Walt pulled Suzette off my face and turned her around, laying her between my thighs. He lifted Suzette's ass high and brought his hugely engorged cock to her cunt from behind. He pushed in slowly and slid into her tight cunt. He fucked her hard and then he pulled out, stroking his cock so that his cum splashed against both our cunts. Walt could last a long time without cumming but tonight he was too turned on. However it was one of those nights when he could cum again.

I began to slide out from under Suzette but as my cunt passed her face I felt Suzette nestle her tongue into my groove. Walt got behind Suzette and began sucking her cunt and ass. After they came a few more times Suzette and I begged to rest for awhile. Whatever Suzette's cautions were earlier they were now thrown to the wind. She was one hot young woman and we had unleashed more hidden desires. It was time for the Jacuzzi. 

"Suzette let me ask you something," Walt inquired while in the Jacuzzi, "How you ever been fucked in the ass?"

Suzette blushed slightly bit she answered honestly, "No never, in fact nothing has ever been in my ass except a finger."

"Cathleen you have done it several times haven't you? I assume that you like it?" Suzette asked.

"Yes I do like it. I have even had a cock in my pussy and my ass at the same time," I confessed.

"You mean that you and Walt have had sex with another guy too?"

"No, no it was when I worked in D.C. I went out with two guys and they took me back to their place. They both fucked me then one fucked me in the ass while I sucked the other's cock and then they both fucked me in my ass and pussy at the same time," I explained.

"Wow that must have been something."

It was and ever since that night I knew that I loved anal sex," I admitted.

"I'm not sure I could ever take a cock in my ass, especially the size of Walt's. I don't know how you do it," Suzette gasped.

"Well we need to break you in and stretch you out then you will be able to take it in your ass. But we won't do that tonight," I told her.

Walt was hard again from the all the sex talk so we got out of the Jacuzzi, dried off and got back in bed. Suzette wanted to see me get butt fucked so I moved to all fours. Walt lubed up my ass and shoved fingers in my ass and pussy at the same time. He knew that I loved the feel of his fingers in both holes. Suzette knelt along side us and watched as Walt prepared my ass for his cock. I asked Walt to stop teasing me with his fingers and give me his cock. He moved closer and Suzette watched intently as he eased it into my asshole.

Suzette was fascinated with the way my rosebud just opened up to take Walt's cock. His shaft filled my ass and I felt his pubic hair on my ass cheeks. Walt began fucking me slowly sliding his cock in and out. He would pull out just leaving the head in and then he would push forward and bury the entire length in my ass. Suzette leaned over and reached under me to caress my tits and play with my nipples. She was overcome with desire again.

"Suzette, give me your pussy so I can lick it while Walt fuck's my ass," I told her.

Suzette moved quickly and got in front of me and opened her legs. I dove right in and began licking her pussy. After a few minutes I told Suzette to turn around so we could eat each other. She moved under me into a 69 position and we pleasured each other as Walt continued to fuck my ass. Suzette had a good view of Walt's cock as he skewered my ass while she ate my pussy. Then I felt that familiar surge in my bowels as Walt came in my ass. The warm cum entered my rectum and that was enough to set me off. My body humped back at Walt's cock still buried in my ass as I drenched Suzette's mouth with my female nectar.

I held to Suzette's body as I experienced and intense orgasm. Then as I calmed I went back to work on her pussy. Suzette seemed to cum for minutes and she soaked my face with her juices. Then I rolled off her as Walt's cock slid from my ass and the three of us crashed on the bed. We lay together for several minutes before we went back in the Jacuzzi. Then we showered, dressed and left the Chateau. Suzette and I packed our aerobic outfits and dressed in our works clothes before we left. 

SUZETTE'S ASS IS BROKEN IN

After that first night at the Chateau, Suzette's first threesome, the three of us got together there a few more times. Suzette was always fascinated watching Walt fuck my ass and it really turned her on. There were occasions when Suzette and I would hang out at her place and just enjoy female sex. I started to bring toys to our sessions as I was determined to teach her more about anal sex. One night I convinced Suzette to take the next step.

"I have never had anything in my ass other than a finger and anything else seems much too big for me," Suzette cautioned. 

"Well we will have to take it slow and gradually introduce bigger things into your ass," I said and then, "Trust me I will guide you and make sure that you are not hurt. I know just the thing to get started."

I had her get on the bed on all fours with her beautiful ass pointed in the air. Cathleen returned shortly carrying a jar of lube and a string of beads. I applied the lubricant to Suzette's asshole and Suzette felt the soothing cool lube coat her rectum. Then I began to insert anal beads into Suzette's ass one at a time. Suzette unable to talk allowed me to have my way with her. One by one I pushed the beads into Suzette's ass until all six of them were buried in her rectum. 

"Are you okay, any pain? I asked.

Suzette nodded that she was okay and that there was no pain. Suzette only felt the fullness in her ass from the anal beads as they were clearly thicker then any finger and they were deeper than anything else had ever been. I massaged Suzette's beautiful ass cheeks and reached between Suzette's legs to diddle her clit. Suzette felt herself getting hot again and she felt the onslaught of another orgasm.

I sensed it too and I rolled Suzette over on her back. I then got between Suzette's legs and placed my mouth on her pussy. I placed Suzette's thighs on her shoulders giving me complete access to her twat. I then ate Suzette with a passion and I felt her start to tense as her orgasm built within her. Suzette groaned as she tightened her thighs around my neck as the first wave rocked her body. As Suzette began to cum, I pulled gently on the anal beads so that they popped out of Suzette's ass one at a time.

Suzette had never felt anything like it and she seemed to cum as each bead cleared her asshole. Her body went into spasm and jerked like never before. She was overcome with the lust of the moment as it seemed she would cum forever. I kept my mouth glued to Suzette's pussy throughout her orgasms and sucked every drop of her nectar into her mouth. Suzette finally collapsed on the bed her body spent and incapable of any more movement. The sensation in Suzette's ass felt as if the anal beads were still in her but she knew that I had pulled them out of her hole.

"I have never cum like that in my life," Suzette said, finally able to talk.

I got behind Suzette and began to caress her lovely curvy ass. I was enamored with Suzette's shapely bottom and I planted light kisses on Suzette's ass cheeks. I knew now how Walt must feel when he takes my ass. Suzette cooed as I continued to work her ass. I began to finger Suzette's asshole with first one then two fingers. The fingers felt snug but I knew that Suzette's ass was beginning to loosen up. I removed my fingers and then I placed the butt plug at the entrance to her ass.

"This will be a little bigger than the beads and it will stay in you easier than a regular dildo," I cautioned Suzette.

I then inserted the head on an anal plug into Suzette's ass. Once it cleared Suzette's sphincter it settled in her ass and I left it there. I then put on a strap-on dildo and put it in Suzette's pussy. Suzette had never been as full in her life as she did now with the two fake members in her. 

"Let me turn over," Suzette pleaded.

Suzette rolled over onto her back and I pushed the fake cock back into Suzette's pussy. As I caressed Suzette's tits and tweaked hard nipples I picked up the pace fucking Suzette's pussy. Suzette could feel the dildo in her pussy rubbing against the butt plug in her ass and she then realized what it must feel like to be fucked by two cocks at once. Suzette was going wild and suddenly wished that she had another cock or pussy in her mouth. She had never been so turned on as she was at that moment.

Suzette could feel another orgasm building within her as I pounded her pussy with the fake cock. I was panting as the nub on the dildo did its job rubbing against my clit and I too was close to cumming. We frantically humped our bodies at each other and then we both exploded with an intense orgasm. I collapsed on top of Suzette and our breasts were crushed together. I reached under Suzette and pulled the butt plug out of her ass. Suzette's body jerked with another spasm as the plug left her asshole with a loud pop.

"Oh my God, you are going to wear me out. I have never cum so hard," Suzette confessed and then she requested, "Can we rest awhile?"

"Of course and then I want you to do the same things to me," I told her and then added, "I think your ass is ready for a real cock now."

A LONG WEEKEND

I told Walt about my session with Suzette and how I broke in her ass and stretched it for him. I told him that I felt that Suzette was ready to take his cock in her ass. Walt was pleased with her progress and properly thanked me by eating my pussy in his office. I had worn my wrap around skirt, thigh high hose and panties to work that day. I was naked from the waist down except for my hose in no time. Walt knelt before me and licked my pussy until I came drenching his mouth. Later that day we met at the Chateau for another incredible evening of sex.
