 Parts 1 - 8 available through my profile.

Please feel free to leave feedback and comments.

*****

Part 9 - The last few days of the holiday.

As normal, Dan woke up before Hayley, so after opening all of the curtains, he decided to go for breakfast in the restaurant whilst she slept, but not before digging out his note from the other day instructing her to remain naked while he was out. He walked in to the restaurant and chose his food, before sitting down to eat, and watching as other guests came in for their breakfast, soon seeing Marc and several of his group of friends walk in and notice him by way of a nod. Once he had finished, he walked outside to the pool bar as normal, lighting a cigarette as he sat down and ordered a drink. Five minutes later, he was joined by Marc's friends, introducing themselves as Liam and Jon, and they sat making conversation for a little bit before Jon finally asked where Hayley was, saying they had noticed her around the hotel and they all thought she was gorgeous. Dan chuckled, and told them she was still asleep in their room, before Jon said there was no way he would leave a girl like that alone, even if she was asleep.

"Well, here is something for you to think about - she sleeps naked, I've opened all the curtains, and I've left her a note saying she isn't to get dressed at all while I'm not there, so even if she isn't in bed, she will be wandering around the room naked. What do you thinks about that?" Dan asked.

"I think I want to know what room you're staying in!" Jon replied, laughing as he spoke.

"Why? You want to be that creepy guy and go and spy on her through the window because she's sleeping naked?" Dan said, drawing a chuckle from the two lads.

"Well, I was more thinking about knocking on the door and hoping she answers it naked, but I'd settle for looking through the window at her" Jon answered with a smile.

Dan looked at them and smiled, before saying that only on the condition they do not knock the door, he will tell them the room number and they are free to go and see if they can see her through the window, quickly getting an agreement from the guys, so he told them the room number and watched as they disappeared to find it. The main reason he wanted rid of them though, was he had seen Marc walking out, and wanted to have a quick chat with him, which was ideal, since Marc also intended to chat with Dan, hoping to confirm if they were still on for later. Dan told him that he wasn't sure what he and Hayley would be doing that night, but if Marc gives him a couple of the pills, even if they go out, he will make sure she has them and they will be good to go. If they don't go out, they can proceed as planned previously. He then reminded Marc not to get drunk himself, since he didn't want to suffer brewer's droop, laughing amongst themselves, before parting ways.

As he lit another cigarette, Dan stood up to head back to his room and see if Hayley was awake, only to see Lily walking over in a very small bikini and sitting next to him, before ordering a drink, then asking if they could go and sit down at a table away from the bar to talk for a minute. They moved, and once they sat down, Dan asked if she wanted to talk about what happened on Stephen's boat the day before, clearly revealing that Hayley had told him about it. This surprised Lily, as she did not think Hayley would have gone straight back and explained to her long term boyfriend how she had just had sex with 4 different men in one go. Dan told Lily about how they have become a lot more open, actively encouraging each other to do things with other partners, before telling her that while Hayley was on the yacht taking part in the gang bang, he was having sex with a girl he met and introduced to Miruna, and that not only did Hayley know, she had text him, telling him to do it.

After hearing that, Lily decided to get to the reason she had wanted to speak to Dan, so decided to just come out with it, but every time she went to start, somebody appeared and walked past, causing her to pause, before finally asking if they could go somewhere more private to talk. Dan immediately invited her back to his and Hayley's room, saying they can have a drink and chill in the hot tub, which Lily didn't know they had, immediately agreeing, and they walked back almost in silence as Lily thought about what she was intending to say. Once they reached the room, Dan switched the hot tub on, and invited Lily to enter, saying he would be back in a minute, and heading into the bedroom to check on Hayley. There were two surprises for him as he opened the door, firstly, that as he opened the door, he could see Jon and Liam were walking towards the room, evidently having just worked out where it was and checking to see if they could see Hayley naked. The second was that if they do look in through the window, they were not going to be disappointed, as she was laying on top of the bedsheet, completely naked, and completely spread out like a starfish. Her legs wide open, giving anybody that looked in a perfect view of her most intimate area.

As the guys got closer, they spotted Dan inside, with Liam pointing him out to Jon, before they sped up in case he shut the curtains. He didn't instead looking down at Hayley as she lay on full display, before looking back at the two guys by the window, getting a big smile and thumbs up, before he turned and walked back into the living room, pouring two drinks, and joining Lily in the hot tub. Almost immediately, she asked where Hayley was, so Dan explained that she was asleep in the bedroom, before Lily decided to spill what was on her mind.

"Ok, now I know the other night we got talking, and I seemed to know quite a bit about it when the subject of Hayley's fantasy came up, where she gets fucked while she's passed out. The reason I know so much about it, is because it's been a fantasy of mine for a long time, and I've done all kinds of research about it, but I've just never had the guts to go through with it." She explained.

"Right, and you're telling me this because...?" Dan asked.

"Well, because I think you'll do it for Hayley. I think you'll let someone have sex with her when she's passed out, but she'll be safe because you're there." She carried on, Dan wondering if she was heading to where I thought she was.

"A few years ago I was dating this guy, and this one time I stayed at his place, I woke up during the night and he was fucking me. He had evidently been doing it a while, but as I slowly woke up, I realised how turned on I was, so I just pretended to be asleep, letting him carry on. It was so hot, but for ages I've wanted the same as Hayley, to be fucked while I was passed out and not know who by, but it always worried me because there was no way I'd feel safe doing that with a stranger. I was wondering if you do find someone to do it with, could I possibly join in, since you would be there and I know you would keep us safe" She asked.

Even thinking about it, Lily could feel herself becoming more and more turned on. Since it was only yesterday she had fulfilled her biggest fantasy of a threesome, now she was feeling a lot more liberated in her sexuality, and was basically admitting her darkest fantasy to someone she had not long known. A few seconds later, Hayley emerged from the bedroom, still naked, and wandered into the bathroom, not even noticing Dan and Lily in the hot tub. After relieving herself, she walked back in to the living room, where Dan called over good morning, alerting Hayley to his presence, and having her turn to look at him, and seeing Lily at the same time.

"Oh, morning babe." She replied, "Hey Lily. How are you already awake and about? I would have thought after yesterday, you'd be as tired as I was and wouldn't be up yet!" she said, referring to the party on the yacht.

Deciding not to bother going back to bed, Hayley instead walked over to the kitchen counter and made herself a coffee, needing an injection of caffeine to get her going, before also pouring a vodka and lemonade, and walked over to the hot tub. She stood by the side of it, making small talk with both Lily and Dan, before finishing her coffee and saying she was going outside for a cigarette, which both Dan and Lily decided to join her. Over the course of almost the last two weeks, Hayley had not really bothered about being dressed to go out on the balcony, but seeing Dan in shorts and lily in her (albeit skimpy) bikini, she decided to follow suit and wear some clothing, picking up an almost see-through thong and tiny bra, before heading out. Jon and Liam had clearly gone and again, everyone sat making small talk as they smoked, before Hayley walked back inside, quickly returning with a jager shot each and handed them out. Once the three had drank the shot, it seemed to spark Hayley in to life, instantly becoming more awake and heading back inside again, this time turning on some music, before returning with a spring in her step as the beat played over the speakers.

When everyone had finished their cigarettes, they headed back in, with Dan intending to step back into the hot tub, but being stopped by Hayley before he did.

"I really did miss you yesterday" she told him quietly. "It was incredible, and I wish you was there to have your way with both of us like they did, but since you weren't I don't think you should miss out, so lets' see what happens."

With that, she let go of his arm, and he climbed into the hot tub, closely followed by Lily, who had gone to the mini bar and made all three another drink. Hayley took a large swig of hers, before undoing the bra she had only been wearing for about 10 minutes, slipping off her thong, and climbing naked in to the hot tub. She immediately looked at Dan and smiled, before speaking.

"Babe, you should have seen Lily yesterday. Firstly on the beach being photographed by Miruna, then by Stephen. She looked so gorgeous both on her own, and then she did a set with Alex and Josh that was the hottest thing I think I've seen, before the party on the boat where she took it to a whole new level."

"New level like how?" Dan responded, looking towards Lily to see if she would answer honestly, knowing that Hayley would give the full details even if she didn't.

Lily held nothing back, openly telling him about how she did her first ever double pussy penetration, and followed it with her first ever proper double penetration, the facials, the swallowing, everything. Dan told her about the weekend away, and how it was the first time Hayley had done anal since he had known her, explaining how the hottest thing he had ever seen was when he watched someone they barely knew attempted to slide their cock into her ass hole and she moved to make it happen. Dan was now hard beneath the water, replaying that in his mind, before Lily spoke up and brought his wandering mind back to the present.

"By the way, I could also understand if you were to just spend all day every day going down on Hayley. Her pussy tastes amazing. I would eat that daily if I was in your position!" She stated, looking over towards Hayley as she spoke.

"Well, she's not wearing anything. Why don't you show me what I missed yesterday..." Dan encouraged.

Hayley moved across in the water until she was now perched just in front of Lily, before moving closer to kiss Lily passionately, her hands shifting beneath the water to find the apex between Lily's legs, rubbing her over the top of her bikini bottoms. Lily was already turned on and despite the fact she was enjoying Hayley working on her beneath the surface, she didn't want to delay her invitation and instructed Hayley to back up and sit on the edge, quickly going down on the well maintained pussy in front of her as Hayley leaned back to grant easier access. Watching this, Dan decided to get out of the hot tub and quickly put several towels over the sofa, insinuating the girls continue there, which they soon caught on to, stepping out of the bubbles and leaving a trail of water where they walked. Hayley immediately laid back as soon as she reached the sofa, and Lily retook her place between her legs, eagerly licking at the juicy slit before her.

Dan watched a little longer, before moving over next to Hayley's head, and dropped his shorts, presenting his cock to which she began sucking enthusiastically, although she didn't do this for long, instead taking her mouth off his cock.

"Babe, a much as I love sucking your cock, you need to taste Lily. Go and try for yourself, you'll see what I mean." She instructed Dan.

Dan did as she suggested, moving to behind Lily and rubbing her a few times over the top of her bikini bottoms, before pulling the strings on either side of her hips simultaneously and causing them to fall to the floor. He knelt behind her and spread her ass cheeks with his hands, before dipping his tongue to meet her soaking wet pussy, finding her extremely turned on as he started licking at her honey pot. Lily couldn't get enough of Hayley, keeping her mouth firmly clamped on her pussy as her nose nestled against the line of dark hair adorning Hayley's pubic mound, her tongue probing at the entrance to paradise for what seemed like ages while Dan reciprocated for her. Finally, Lily did manage to take her mouth off Hayley's hot box, turning to look towards Dan as he kept his tongue-work up.

"Hmmmm, I need you to fuck me... I need you to fuck me right now... I need to feel your dick inside me... Hmmm" she managed to gasp out, before putting her head back between Hayley's legs and continuing where she left off.

Dan wasted no time doing as she wanted, pulling his face away from Lily's pussy and replacing his tongue with his cock, only teasing the slick hole with his smooth end as he slid it around between her pussy lips but not penetrating her, despite her yearning for it. He kept this up for what felt like an eternity to Lily, relentlessly rubbing his length at her aching hole but resisting the temptation to enter until he could take it no more, easily slipping in to her and burying his entire length fully at the first attempt. This drew a loud moan from Lily's obscured mouth, groaning as Dan began thrusting in to her as she ate Hayley's pussy like a professional, before she reached her hands up to begin stimulating the small boobs Hayley had recently grown to love.

As Dan continued pounding Lily, Hayley moved herself, bringing an end to the incredible oral session she had received, and quickly walked in to the bedroom, returning a few seconds later with a bottle of lube, and kneeling beside Lily. She leaned over and guided Lily's face to turn towards her, beginning a deep and passionate embrace, before breaking the kiss off and suggesting to Dan to sit back on the sofa and have Lily mount him reverse cowgirl style. Dan gladly complied, and Lily quickly moved into position, re-inserting the raging erection in her slick hole and leaning back as she began to rise and sink on his member. Hayley moved between her legs and began to return the favour, licking at Lily's slit as she bounced on Dan while he played with her boobs. This was something Lily hadn't experienced before, and the multiple point stimulation quickly pushed her to orgasm, although her attempt to move as it hit were unsuccessful as Dan moved his hands to hold her in place and began thrusting in to her, rather than letting her bounce on him. Hayley was still attempting to lick the clit at her mouth, although the way Lily was thrashing around trying to escape Dan's clutches, before Lily finally managed to wriggle free and let the pleasure wash over her. As she leaned back against him, Hayley took the opportunity to put her plan in action, sucking Dan's cock as Lily attempted to catch her breath on top of him, picking up the bottle of lube and pouring some on to her hand, before putting it down and taking her mouth off Dan's length. Once his dick was in the open, Hayley took it in her hands and began spreading the slippery solution over it, making sure it was well covered, before moving it to nudge against Lily's anus.

"It was so hot yesterday, watching you get ass-fucked on the yacht. I want to watch Dan fuck your ass, and then I'm going to carry on eating your tight little pussy while he does." Hayley said, although Lily's head was still spinning from the orgasm.

"Oh yeah, that's it. That's so fucking hot! Jesus Christ!" She continued, watching as Dan pressed the smooth end of his circumcised dick past her ring and in to Lily's ass hole.

His helmet was already past her sphincter and more of his shaft was smoothly sliding in deeper when Lily's head began to clear and she regained her mental functions, quickly realising that she was getting fucked in her ass for the second day in a row, again by someone she hardly knew and who wasn't her boyfriend or long term partner. The part she didn't expect to also realise though, was that both yesterday on the yacht with the two guys, and now with Dan, she had actually grown to enjoy the feeling of a cock in her ass, and whereas previously she would have told Dan to stop and take his cock out of her back door, right now that was the last thing she wanted.

"God this is so fucking hot. Do you love having Dan's cock fuck your ass as much as I am loving watching it?" Hayley asked, her left hand playing with her own pussy as she moved her right hand to again play with Lily.

Lily let out a moan as Hayley's hand found her clit, strumming away as Dan continued banging her ass, before she removed her hand completely and replaced it with her mouth, allowing her tongue to probe Lily's sweet flower. Again, this was something she had never experienced, and if she was being honest, she had never thought she would, but right now, Lily could not believe how much pleasure she was getting from Dan's cock in her ass as Hayley ate her pussy. She could feel another orgasm building, and was eager for it to hit, allowing herself to become lost in the moment and letting the intense climax flow through her every fibre, tightening her ass hole around Dan's raging erection and tipping him over the edge he had been balancing on for a while. With a couple of short, high speed thrusts, he began unloading his cum into Lily's ass, his creamy jizz coating her insides as his cock twitched and spasmed. When he had finished, he slowly began to soften before his member slipped from Lily's now relaxing ring, followed by a stream of his cum that ran down between her butt cheeks before dripping onto his stomach. Hayley had risen to her feet, and was now leaning over Lily, again kissing her deeply as she began to regain her equilibrium.

"Well, that certainly wasn't how I thought my day would begin, but fuck me, I'm glad it did!" Lily stated, once she had got her breath back.

"Haha, I'm glad you enjoyed it! It was so hot watching Dan fuck your ass, and I had the best seat in the house to see it. Hmmm, we should definitely do this again!" Hayley responded, leading to a conversation to recreate and expand on what had happened once they were all back in the UK.

After making a bit of small talk for a while, Lily said she was going to head off, so Hayley went for a quick shower, but before Leaving, Lily decided to finish the conversation she started with Dan before Hayley woke up.

"What I was saying earlier, about if you arrange for someone to have sex with Hayley while she's passed out, I know she would be safe with you there. I'm saying I'm up for repeat performances of today back at home, and if you go through with that, I'm also up for it, if you would be there. Hayley has got my number, so we'll arrange to meet up and go out when we are back home, so we can sort something out if you don't mind?" Lily explained.

"Alright. Leave it with me. I'm not promising anything, but we'll see." Dan told her as she left, before closing the door and getting dressed, quickly taking a picture of a completely unaware Hayley as she stood washing her hair under the shower and sending it to Marc with the caption 'Soon! (You hope!).
