 This is my second effort, and I've put it in Group Sex this time because of feedback from my first. Be warned, there is heavy male on male bi-sexual action here, so if that's a turnoff you might want to move on. There is also a beautiful woman, a tiny bikini, hot sunshine, and lots of heterosexual coupling. Hopefully something for everyone.

I'd really appreciate comments (constructive preferred), and please score it for me as well. Thanks, and I hope you enjoy.

* * *

The Weekend - Chapter 1

Have you ever noticed that things shift slightly as opposed to changing outright? You get nudged in a direction, and slowly, over time, head further and further onto that path? That's what happened to my wife and me. An unexpected weekend away led Rebecca and I to act on a long held fantasy, and discover a new level of passion for each other. Lost in the moment in that hotel room, we both did things we'd never imagined doing, or at least never admitted imagining before, and loved it. My wife had another man bring her to repeated orgasm, leaving her begging for his cock. By the time we were done, I had sucked this man's penis, had mine sucked in turn, and both gave and received anal sex. I never thought of myself as gay, or even bisexual, but during our encounter labels didn't even occur to me. It was all about pleasure. More and more pleasure.

For several weeks afterwards, my wife only had to look at me and I was ripping her clothes off and pounding my hard cock into her, taking her pussy, ass and mouth repeatedly. She in turn began pulling out her strap on hardness and dildo more frequently, often bringing me to wrenching orgasms with nine inches of rubber buried up my ass.

As time went by however, the events of that weekend began to fade into the background. Work, the kids, and a million obligations got in the way of the closeness we had shared. I began to realize I wanted it back. Not the cock in my mouth or ass necessarily, but the shared intimacy that had been the fuel for our passion over the last several months. I didn't know what it would take to retrieve it, but I did know it wouldn't happen in the belly of the beast. We had to get away again, not to try to replicate a once in a life time event, but to just be together out of the context of our everyday lives. 

Without telling my wife I planned a weekend away at a five star hotel on Miami Beach. I got the kids, dogs, cats and fish taken care of. I told my wife two days before we left, and she was thrilled. The next thing we knew we were settling into a fifteenth floor suite overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. 

"My God sweetheart" my wife exclaimed, throwing open the door to the balcony. "This is gorgeous!" She turned to me with a wide smile. Soft brunette hair framed her dancing eyes, falling just past her shoulders. Her breasts stood out against the fabric of her snug t-shirt, the outline of her nipples poking through. At just under five four, my wife was a compact bombshell in tremendous shape. I smiled back, thinking this was a good idea after all. She walked into my arms and gave me a long, lingering kiss. 

That night we enjoyed a romantic dinner in the hotel restaurant, and then returned to our room, making soft sensual love on the balcony with the sound of waves crashing in the distance. 

The next morning Rebecca wanted to head to the pool and get some sun. I reached into our suitcase and brought out a small package, carefully wrapped. "For you" I said, handing it to her.

She got that smile she gets when she's excited, and opened the package. Inside were the two parts of a very tiny bikini. She held them up and exclaimed "How cute! I love the color!" She held it up, and stretched the small swatches of lycra. "Very tiny though", she said looking back at me with a wry smile. "You want me to wear this? In public, or just here?" she asked, her eyes sweeping the room.

"Sweetheart, we're in Miami Beach! That suit's conservative for here. No one will even notice," I finished, turning to get my suit out of our bag. 

"Ok" I heard her say as she headed into the bathroom to get ready. I smiled, thinking everyone was going to notice, especially me. I'm a bit of an exhibitionist at heart, but sadly people don't really want to look at me. They do, however, love ogling my wife. Even at home in a conservative one piece, her body coupled with her sweet innocent face, causes men, and some women, to stare. Thinking about them watching her was making my cock start to swell. 

Fifteen minutes later she came out of the bathroom wearing a beach cover up. I guess the unveiling would have to wait until we got to the pool. "Ok hotshot, let's go." She said as she sauntered to the door, her high heeled sandals stretching her gorgeous legs, muscles earned by running hundreds of miles moving smoothly under tanned skin. 

We walked out into a beautiful Miami day. The pool was set back slightly from the beach, with majestic palm trees offering pockets of shade. A warm breeze blew softly carrying the scent of hibiscus. I felt myself relaxing with every step.

The pool area was not crowded, so we had our choice of lounge chairs. Rebecca selected a set in the full sun, and put her things on the table. As we began to settle in, I heard a voice behind me.

"How are you folks doing?" 

I turned to see a smiling young man with two towels in his hands. "Here, let me get these ready for you" he said, moving to spread the towels out on our lounge chairs. He stood about six foot tall with a mop of sandy blond hair that fell over his blue eyes. I glanced over and saw Rebecca watching him, the smooth movement of his heavily muscled arms clear under the tight polo shirt. I followed her eyes down to his butt, equally tight under the baggy linen shorts he wore. 

"My name's Taylor, and I'll be your pool boy today," he said with a smile. "Anything you need; drinks, food, umbrella, whatever, just let me know. I can even provide sunscreen," he said with a smile, his strong left hand reaching to the pump bottle attached to his belt. 

Rebecca smiled, and her eyes lit up. "Thanks Taylor. It's good to meet you." 

"Hey Taylor, I'm Adam. This is Rebecca." I said, reaching to shake his hand. "I think we'll definitely take you up on drinks. How about two mimosas to get us started?" 

"Right away," he said. 

Behind me, Rebecca chose that moment to pull her cover over her head, her auburn hair falling back onto her shoulders, framing her sparkling chestnut eyes. She smiled at Taylor and I as she folded the cover up and set it on the table, her breasts swaying as she leaned forward.

She looked amazing. The Wicked Weasel suit I'd bought for her was a very small bikini. The bottom consisted of a triangle of shiny green lycra that barely covered her mound, with narrow strings wrapping around her full hips. I knew a single strand ran between her ass cheeks in back, completing the nearly nude effect. She had obviously shaved herself completely before putting the suit on, and her lips were prominently displayed in a camel toe. The top was the same shiny green lycra, this time with two triangles fighting to contain her full breasts. The suit was by no mean the most scandalous they sold, but it was awe inspiring on Rebecca, and I felt blood flowing to my penis as she pretended to ignore us. 

As Rebecca stood there, pulling her hair back into a pony tail, breasts thrust out proudly, I watched Taylor stare at her. Her heavy breasts swayed slightly from side to side as she fought with her hair band, and his mouth dropped open slightly. I felt my cock swell in my suit. God, I was a lucky man, I thought.

After a moment, Taylor turned and walked away towards the pavilion.

I looked at her, smiling, "Well that was some reveal!" 

She laughed and dropped her head. "I couldn't help it," she said. "We've got a pool boy after all!" She continued smiling as she settled herself back onto the lounge chair. Shaking my head, I settled into mine next to her, feeling the hot sun soak into my skin. I had to reach down and shift my cock to the side in my shorts, trying to calm it down. 

Taylor returned with our mimosas two minutes later, and Rebecca and I relaxed and settled in to enjoy the day. 

The sun rose steadily over the beautiful palm trees as we enjoyed time without the pressures of work or home. Taylor did a good job of bringing us drinks whenever we were close to needing them, and before lunch we were both pretty tipsy. 

As the day progressed the pool got more crowded, and Rebecca became the center of attention for an entire wing of the pool area. Every thirty minutes or so she would turn over to tan her other side. Whenever she did, every male eye within range would watch her, as well as some of the female ones. While her suit was not too risqué for Miami, it was setting the bar for the pool. 

After a few hours, Rebecca got up and walked into the pool to cool off. Her full breasts bounced as though completely untethered, drawing more eyes. When she walked back out of the pool though, I started getting hard again. The cool water and the thin lycra worked together to leave little to the imagination. Her nipples protruded a quarter inch and her pussy mound was clearly visible. 

As she dried off before settling back into her lounge chair, Taylor appeared at her side. "Would you like some sun screen Rebecca?" he asked hopefully. She smiled at him from behind her sunglasses. 

"That would be great Taylor" She replied, letting the back of the lounge chair fall flat. She lay back and stretched, arching her back, pushing her tits higher.

Standing next to her, he pumped a palm full of lotion into his hand, and then reached down. Strong hands smoothly applied the lotion to her legs, working up and down both, wrapping around the sides. He moved slowly up to her taut stomach, smoothing the creamy lotion in with a circular motion. 

He began to work his hands up towards her breasts, sliding higher along the sides with each pass. Rebecca's eyes were hidden behind her sunglasses, but I could tell her breathing was getting heavier. Meeting no resistance, Taylor kept going, his hands finally smoothing lotion around the exposed parts of both breasts. Her nipples stretch the fabric even more, jutting obscenely out as he worked his way up to her neck, softly working the last of the lotion in.

"Umm, I hope that' okay." He stammered, his voice cracking. My eyes went from Rebecca's eyes to his shorts where an obvious bulge answered the question; Taylor was hung. 

Rebecca smiled. "That was lovely. Don't go too far", she continued, turning her head toward Taylor, his straining member six inches from her face. "I may need my back done soon." 

Grabbing a towel, Taylor covered his crotch and moved away. "I'll keep an eye on you two" he said, slipping away. 

"My God sweetheart" I uttered. "He almost shot a load in his shorts. So did I for that matter!" I said, slightly incredulous. Rebecca smiled softly. "Maybe later." She uttered, and then she drifted off in the hot sun. 

With a jerk I woke up, a loud rumble of thunder rolling into the distance. I looked around groggily, realizing I'd fallen asleep in the sun. Everywhere I looked the sky was dark and a wind was whipping through the palms, blowing cups off tables. I looked over and saw Rebecca just rousing herself as well. All around us people were rushing to pack their things and beat the impending rain inside. 

"Looks like we need to get out of here." I said. Rebecca nodded and sat up, looking for her cover up. Just then, Taylor appeared at our side.

"Hey, if you guys want to wait out the storm, I can let you use one of the bungalows. There's no one in them right now." I looked off to the others side of the pool and saw a series of bungalows between the pool and the beach. They ranged in size from small sun shade areas to what looked like full-blown rooms. I looked at Rebecca, and then up at the sky.

"That would be great. I don't think we've got much time." A fork of lightning lit up the sky over the ocean, immediately followed by another crash of thunder. "I think the storm is here!"

Grabbing our things, Rebecca and I followed Taylor around the pool, the wind whipping everything in a frenzy. Taylor passed the first few bungalows and stopped at the last one. Pulling a fabric door open, he ushered us in, following right behind and pulling the door closed, hooking it with a cloth tie.

As our eyes adjusted to the dim light, Taylor pushed past me and walked to a low table on one side. He turned on a lamp, casting a soft light throughout the space. The room was divided by a high table with stools down the center, obviously for food service. The side facing the pool had four lounge chairs set in a row. These were padded with thick cushions, and looked very comfortable. On the other side, facing the ocean, there was a large bed type lounger, obviously made for couples. The back could be raised to view the ocean, but currently it was lying flat. Next to it stood a padded massage table. Off on one side of the room was a beautiful stand alone shower with a natural rock basin and walls. 

"This is beautiful" Rebecca said, her eyes slowly sweeping the room. 

"Yeah, they're really nice." Said Taylor. He walked across and opened a fridge built into a table. "Anyone want a drink?" 

Thunder crashed outside, but we felt warm and safe in the cabana. Rebecca accepted a bottle of water from Taylor and took a slow drink, watching him over the top of the bottle. I stood back slightly, watching her watching him, feeling like I was watching a cat stalk a mouse. I just wasn't sure which was which.

"Why don't you lie on the table Rebecca, and I'll give you a massage?" he asked. Rebecca turned and glanced at me, her eyes questioning. 

"That sounds nice honey," I said, glancing at table as Taylor walked over and spread a towel across it.

Watching my eyes, she walked slowly to it and lay down on her stomach. Taylor stood on the far side, while I watched from the other. 

"So, the best way to protect your suit from the oils is to take it off", said Taylor matter of factly. 

Rebecca looked up at him and smiled. "I figured you'd say something like that" she laughed. Still lying on her stomach, she reached back and untied the top of her suit, pulling it to one side. "I'll keep my bottoms, thank you." She said, dropping it to the floor. 

Taylor spread massage oil from a bottle on the end table, and began rubbing her shoulders and upper back. Rebecca relaxed more and more as Taylor rhythmically massaged her, moving from her neck to her shoulders and upper arms. Back and forth, his large hands pressed her into the table, pushing the sides of her breasts outward. On each downward stroke a soft moan escaped Rebecca's lips, barely audible over the wind pounding the sides of the cabana. 

I felt my dick growing harder as I watched another mans' hands roam over my wife's body. I knew I should be jealous, but I was so turned on, again. She was so sexy, so desirable. How could I be upset that others were turned on? I was so proud of her. She was smoking hot, and whatever we did here, she was coming home with me. 

I glanced at Taylor's crotch and saw he too was getting hard, a tent forming in his shorts. 

Rebecca was moaning softly now, lost in the sensuous process of being massaged by a strange young man. Taylor moved to her head and began stroking from her shoulders down to the top of her ass in slow, rhythmic passes. His hands running down the center of her back and then sweeping slowly up the sides. Over and over again, trailing lower with each pass. 

Grabbing a bottle of oil, I moved around between her feet at the other end of the table. I began stroking up her legs from her feet, along her calves and thighs, to the cheeks of her ass. At first, I only brushed her ass and pulled my hands back. But with each stroke I pushed further up, soon rubbing her ass cheeks directly. I began massaging her liberally, pulling her soft globes apart, exposing her tiny rosebud, and then letting my hands slip away, back down her legs. I forced myself to go slowly, building anticipation of what I might do when my hands got there. My cock was straining against my suit, and I felt precum begin to drip from the end.

Finally, I allowed my fingers to slip under the scrap of her suit, both thumbs running under the fabric, tickling her anus, and then down the sides of her soaked pussy, before pulling them back to her feet. Again I ran my hands up her tight legs, rubbing her ass cheeks deeply, and slid my fingers in, pulling at her tight ass hole, sliding them further into her lips, beginning to pull her pussy apart. Working towards exposing her.

Rebecca's hips were gyrating slightly, trying to force my fingers further into her, her moaning constant now. Distracted by the brown star of her asshole peeking around the string of her bikini as I pulled her cheeks apart, I heard a cry.

"Oh God!" she moaned. I looked up and saw that Rebecca had reached in front of her and untied the string holding Taylor's shorts up. The material dropped away, and a thick, veiny cock bobbed in front of her face, rigid and pulsing. With a moan she opened her mouth and stretched forward, reaching with her tongue. The bulbous head stretched her mouth open and her cheeks hollowed as she sucked it further in. Taylor leaned forward, sliding half his dick into her mouth, his head falling back, hands continuing to stroke her back. A rhythm began, with his cock sliding deeper and deeper into her throat, muffling her now constant moans. 

I continued to stroke up her legs to her ass, all pretense of propriety was gone. On the up stroke I slid my hand all the way into her crotch, a finger from each hand slipping into her pussy. After a few strokes I reached outside her hips and pulled the ties on her suit bottom. I pulled it out from under her, letting it drop to the floor, forgotten. I slid my hands up her legs again, pushing them wider, opening her. Her swollen pussy glistened in front of me, lips inflamed. This time, when I got my hands back up to them, I pushed three fingers of one hand into her pussy while I slid a finger from my other into her tight ass. 

She arched her back and thrust her tight ass back against me. Her moaning took on a fevered pitch as her hips swayed back and forth, pushing back hard against my fingers, trying to drive them deeper. I pumped my fingers into her, adding a third to her pussy and a second to her slick asshole, sweat and oil lubricating everything. I looked up at Taylor, sweat streaming down his face as he gripped Rebecca's head in both hands. He was pumping hard now, tight hips thrusting his long cock deep. I could tell he was on the verge of coming.

I held up a hand towards him trying to get his attention. 

"Don't. Don't cum yet" I said. He lifted his head and focused blurry eyes on me. 

"You need to fuck her first. I want you to cum in her pussy", I said. He smiled and pulled back from her head. Rebecca cried a mewling noise and reached for his dick, trying to pull him back into her mouth. He reached up and pulled his shirt off exposing a sculpted torso. He came around to her side and we both helped her off the table and onto the bed shaped lounger. The size of a queen bed, it left plenty of room for all of us. We laid Rebecca on her back and then Taylor moved around between her legs. 

Rebecca stared at him, breathing hard as he ran his hands up her legs, pulling them apart at the knees, pushing them high. Rebecca watched his cock bobbing in front of him, her saliva dripping off of it. He leaned his muscled torso over her and brought his sweaty lips to hers. Rebecca inhaled him, pulling his head in for a deep, passionate kiss. He reached down with his hand and started rubbing his cock head against her soaked cunt. Rebecca hunched her hips at him, desperate to feel his thick head spread her lips. Her groaning loud even against the rain hammering the roof.
