 Part 11 --After the events of the last modelling shoot, Dan and Hayley must formulate a plan to fix it, but it isn't an immediate remedy.

***

Parts 1 -- 10 available through my profile.

Please feel free to leave feedback and comments.

*****

Hayley arrived back at the flat in record time, a mixture of uncertainty, anger, and concern about what Franco would do with the pictures he had taken. She wasn't bothered about his threat to send them to Dan, since she knew Dan was expecting something like that to happen and arranged the shoot himself, but she was more concerned about the second part, the bit where he puts them up and sends the link to all of her male friends. Bursting through the door, Dan immediately saw her mood and asked what was wrong, at which Hayley held up a finger to indicate 'give me a minute', and quickly made herself a large drink to calm herself, before explaining the story to Dan. As she expected, he wasn't concerned about being sent the pictures, instead actually getting turned on as she told him about the shoot. After getting the whole story out, Hayley began to calm down, and soon was making jokes, saying it wouldn't have surprised her if Dan had orchestrated the whole thing. Whilst that wasn't the case, it did give Dan another idea, but he did see the need to bring a stop to Franco's little blackmail scheme, just not immediately.

"What? You've got that look in your eye?" Hayley asked, smirking at Dan.

"Nothing, why?" He asked trying to act innocent.

"I know your mind, mister. I know you're thinking something. What is it?" She persisted playfully.

"Oh, fine. I was just thinking that whilst I put a plan in place to stop Franco, you might need to go through with more shoots, doing whatever he wants. I'll sort the other thing, but it won't happen immediately, so while I get things started there, you just keep playing up that I'm oblivious so he continues using that, and we'll take him down in time." Dan replied.

"And why do I get the feeling that you won't be in any rush to do that?" Hayley again playfully asked.

"Oh, I will. That's seriously not cool to blackmail someone, especially a girl for sex, but I'm kind of curious as to what his next idea would be." Dan responded.

The following morning both of them awoke and got ready for the day, Hayley to go to work, and Dan to sort out the lottery win that Hayley was still unaware of. As far as she knew, he was going to work too, but he always left the flat after her, so him not being ready when she left wasn't anything new. Sorting out the lottery win took several hours, but Dan was back home mid-afternoon, and decided to get started on how to bring an end to Franco's scheme now that he had some serious money to do it. Whilst many people's first thought might be to hire a gang to attack him or to break in to his studio and steal his computer, Dan intended to make sure that there would be no way for him to stop his plan once it started, since by the time he might realise something is happening, it would be too late. He spent the day looking at gadgets and other things that may help his plan online, before ordering what he would need and messaging some old friends that might be able to help.

He got a response back almost immediately from the group, all saying they both could, and would help, so decided to move along to stage 2 -- arrange another shoot for Hayley with Franco. He opened his laptop up and began typing up the email, still pretending to play the helpful but oblivious boyfriend.

'Hello Franco. I just wanted to drop you another quick email to say thanks again for yesterday. Hayley tells me she had a brilliant time, and the pictures you took were amazing. I have to be honest, I wasn't expecting the other model to be male, but the photographs were incredibly hot, like there was an electricity between the pair that could spark into more at any moment and things go a bit further than they should. I cannot stress enough how amazed I am with Hayley, and hopefully you are impressed enough to continue shooting with her. During the few shoots she did on holiday, Hayley did several shoots with other girls, so if you want to arrange that type of shoot, I know that she isn't fazed being nude in front of other females. If you have any shoot ideas you would like to try out, please give me a shout and I'll run them past her, but I have a feeling she will say yes, simply because of how much she is enjoying modelling. Thank you for all you've done so far, and I hope to hear from you in the near future. Regards, Dan.'

As normal, Dan got an almost immediate response from Franco, clearly intending to take advantage of the seeming naivety of the couple.

'Hello Dan. Thank you for your kind words. It always means a lot to hear my work is appreciated, especially by the other half of a model. I'm glad you like the pictures. Hayley has been an absolute delight to work with so far, and I am both happy and eager to do many more shoots her. I have sent some images off to a contact at an online magazine to see if they are interested in purchasing more shoots, which means Hayley would be paid (and quite well) for each shoot.

I am glad to hear that she is happy to do shoots with other girls, as this is something that is always of interest to my contacts and will only serve to help her. I have a few other ideas for in the future and would love to feature Hayley in a lot of them. I'll see what I can do and be in touch.'

This made Dan smile, as he knew he had essentially just given Franco almost free reign, however that meant he would be less conspicuous to execute his plan. Originally, he intended to tell Hayley about the lottery win on that evening, but now decided to wait for a better time, so kept it to himself a little longer as he kept running through things in his head until he went for a shower before Hayley got home like normal before his pool match on Monday nights. The couple had a brief chat when Hayley returned from work, before Dan kissed her and went to his match, having a few beers, and winning like normal. Several times Craig tried to hint at a repeat of the previous week's 'after party', but Dan rebuffed each attempt before he finally gave up when he realised his pestering wasn't going to get him what he wanted. After the game, Dan took the short walk home, and was quite surprised that the door was unlocked when he got home, since normally when Hayley isn't going out, she keeps it locked.

He walked in and the reason was revealed, Sammi, an old school friend of Hayley had come round, and the two were sat on the sofa giggling and laughing quite loudly as they found something hilarious. Dan quickly noticed the two almost empty wine bottles standing on the floor, and knew that was why they were so loud, but it occurred to him that it was strange for Sammi to be there, since she had moved 30+ miles away to live with her boyfriend. He went into the kitchen to make himself a drink and the answer to that question was quickly resolved, she had walked in on him with another man! This made Dan almost laugh out loud, since Sammi was absolutely gorgeous. Very similar in both looks and body to Hayley, a stunning smile, and an easy going attitude. About the the only criticism Dan had ever found of her was her apparent embarrassment whenever the subject of sex had been brought up before, almost like she was ashamed to talk about it, even jokingly.

Dan took his drink and went in to the bedroom, putting the tv on quiet as he played on his phone, but it wasn't long later that he realised how much she had changed since he last saw, as even though it could have been the wine talking, she was laughing and loudly taking the piss out of her ex's 'shortcomings', telling Hayley about his underwhelming size and less than stellar performance in bed. It all went quiet in the living room for a few minutes as the girls were evidently talking about something they didn't want to be overheard on, before Sammi said loudly -- come on then, let's do it, and he heard them get up off the sofa and march towards the bed room. The door flew open and he saw a clearly tipsy Hayley standing there, before she gave him his orders -- 

"Right you, out! Go sit on the sofa. We've been talking and decided that the best way for Sammi to get over what's-his-face, knobhead, is to get her laid, and in doing so, she needs to start with sexy underwear, so she's going to try some of mine on, and you're going to get to basically watch a lingerie show from two sexy bitches. Now go and get comfortable, and get ready!" she instructed.

Dan got out of the bed and walked past the two clearly inebriated stunners in his hallway, before taking his place on the sofa and waiting like he had been told to. Several seconds later he could hear the girls getting undressed, as they laughed, before he again heard Sammi shout in surprise.

"Oh my god, I can't believe you've got a landing strip! I never would have imagined that! I would imagine you being fully shaved like me, possibly even waxed considering you're not exactly short of money! How come you've got a landing strip?? That's mad!" she yelled, clearly overexcited about Hayley's preferred grooming habits.

"I just like it, and Dan likes it, and it's something a bit different. Here, put these on, and I'll get you the bra." Hayley said, handing Sammi a sexy pair of sheer panties with tiny stars on them.

What Sammi didn't know was that Dan was sat in his usual place on the sofa and was able to see everything going on in the bedroom as they changed since she had left the door open, and as she stood there looking at the panties Hayley had just handed her, mentioning that they were a bit see through, she was giving Dan a perfect view of her in nothing but her bra in the reflection of the huge mirror, standing oblivious to the fact that when she took off her own thong, she completely exposed her shaved pussy to him, and he had got several pictures on his phone as she continued to stand there looking at the panties.

"You'll be fine. Believe me, Dan has seen a pussy before!" Hayley stated bluntly, before turning round to see Sammi still standing around, looking at the panties.

She glimpsed up and saw Dan in the mirror, watching them in the mirror as she expected, and shuffled her own thong down,, leaving her standing naked just behind Sammi.

"Oh for fuck sake, you haven't even got your bra off!" Hayley giggled, before reaching behind Sammi and undoing the clasp, fully aware that Dan was both watching and taking pictures of them in the mirror.

Once she had taken Sammi's bra off, Hayley stepped beside her, clearly posing for Dan to photograph them both, before she again instructed Sammi to put on the underwear she had passed her. Finally, she did so, and both girls came strutting out of the bedroom together, holding hands and wearing nothing more than the skimpy skivvies Hayley had chosen for them. Dan had closed his phone by the time they walked out, and he wasn't disappointed with the show being put on in front of him. Both girls looked sensational, and with how see through the lingerie Sammi was currently wearing was, he was able to instantly confirm she kept herself completely shaved, as his eyes immediately caught sight of her pussy beneath the garment.

"Well babe, what do you think? I mean, I think she should definitely get something like this, but from a guy's point of view, what's your thoughts? Hayley asked.

"Definitely!" Dan replied. "I have to say, I love that set on you anyway, but Sammi looks amazing in it as well. That is a guaranteed turn on for any guy that sees it!" He explained.

"I'm not sure. It's a lot more see through than I would normally like, so I'm undecided." Sammi stated.

"Believe me, it looks incredible on you. When you came walking over towards me in that, the first thought in my head was 'WOW'. The sheerness adds to the sexiness. The fact that I could see through it just screamed confidence. It was like you were saying this is me, you can see it all, and in a minute you're going to get a much better view when you take it off me!" Dan said, before turning to Hayley and telling her how amazing she looked in the lace set she had put on.

"You see, I'd love to wear something like that, but I hate having little boobs so I wouldn't feel sexy in that." Sammi said, admiring the set Hayley was wearing.

"Bullshit! I've got small boobs and I love it! Come on, put it on and you'll see." Hayley told her.

She grabbed Sammi's hand they headed back to the bedroom to get changed again, Hayley leading and they got back to the drawers. Hayley immediately undid the bra and slipped the bottoms, before turning back to face Sammi, who had just slipped the panties off. Hayley instructed her to turn around whilst she undid the bra for her, again making sure she was facing the mirror to give Dan a full frontal shot of Sammi as she stood naked whilst Hayley took her time undoing the clasp, smiling at him as he again took plenty of pictures on his phone of the stunningly naked girl in the next room who was completely unaware of what the couple were doing. Once she had put them on, she stood looking at Hayley as she also slipped on another set, and they headed back in to Dan, who again was watching the sexy ladies strut about in their underwear.

Sammi again complained that she considered her boobs to be too small, but Hayley told her they were amazing, before disclosing that she too used to hate having small boobs, but now she loves them, which Dan corroborated. As the girls went back to try on different underwear, Dan nipped to the kitchen and poured them both some more wine, before taking it to them in the bedroom, walking in on a naked Hayley and Sammi wearing only her thong, but she didn't even attempt to cover her tits up at the unexpected entrance, instead taking the wine and chugging back a huge gulp.

"So, how did you suddenly change from hating small boobs to loving them? She asked Hayley, clearly curious how someone could change their entire perception of their body.

Hayley decided against telling her about what had really started it, instead skipping to the bit in Romania, and telling her she was asked to do a photoshoot, before explaining the story about the beach shoots, but again editing out the gory details of when she took things further with her co-models. This amazed Sammi, as she couldn't believe that someone who hated their small chest would happily pose topless for a website, so Hayley opened her laptop and clicked on the folder she had with the beach pictures in, and showed them to her friend as they continued drinking. Neither girl had put any more clothes on, and were now bending over looking at the monitor on Hayley's laptop as she flicked through the pictures, Sammi in only a thong and Hayley still naked. Sammi kept clicking the next picture as Hayley left her to it, going back to look through her drawers at other lingerie sets.

"Oh my god, you did a nude shoot!!??" Sammi almost screamed in amazement, evidently having reached those pictures.

"Oh yeah, It was amazing! It was so erotic doing that, especially being watched! Maybe you should do a photoshoot, you'd be amazed at how much confidence it gives you!" Hayley replied.

"Err, ok, but I'm not in Romania, and I'm not going there any time soon..." Sammi responded.

"No, here. Dan has been learning photography. Let him do one with you. It'll give you confidence you didn't know you had and I bet you'd look amazing. You don't even have to do nude or even topless, put some lingerie on and let him shoot you like that, and then if you feel more adventurous when you relax a bit more, then take it off at a pace you're comfortable with." Hayley said, expecting an immediate refusal.

Much to her surprise, Sammi simply responded with 'fuck it, why not', and walked back out into the living room to where Dan was, still wearing only a thong.

"Hayley said you have been learning photography, and she showed me the sets she took. Do you want to do a set with me right now?" She asked.

"Absolutely, let me grab my camera!" He responded, springing up off the sofa to do so.

Seconds later he was back, having told Hayley to join them in the living room but not to get dressed as it will encourage Sammi to get naked, and he started clicking away, shocked at how she made no attempt to cover herself up. Hayley occasionally passed her more wine, and it didn't take long for the alcohol to take even more effect, removing any inhibitions Sammi had, and to both of their surprise, she peeled down her panties and stepped out of them. Dan wasted no time capturing plenty more images as she posed in various ways around the flat, Before Sammi asked him if he was turned on at what he saw. Dan told her that he definitely was, and was struggling to concentrate on the pictures because she looked so stunning.

"I think you should prove it. We're both naked, I think you should be too!" Sammi propositioned.

"You're right. Go and take his bottoms off." Hayley instructed, referring to the lounge pants Dan was wearing.

Sammi did as Hayley suggested, moving towards Dan and taking hold of the waistline of the trousers as he stood still, not flinching, before he felt her start to slowly pull them down, maintaining eye contact with her and smirking as she did so, until she was crouched down in front of him. This meant her head was directly next to his cock, and a second later, the curiosity couldn't be kept at bay any longer as she changed her view to his semi hard member. This was the first time she had seen a circumcised cock in real life, and whilst she didn't expect it to be that way, she was clearly interested in what she saw. Unaware to Sammi, Hayley had moved and was now kneeling behind her, and after watching Sammi almost study Dan's length, she leaned forward and whispered 'do you want to see what it tastes like, go for it.'

Sammi needed no second telling, firstly taking the shaft in her tiny hand and giving it a few relaxed tugs, before wrapping her lips around the now engorging head, and slowly taking more of Dan's dick into her mouth as Hayley watched on. On any normal day, Sammi would never have dreamt of doing anything like this, sucking on her friends' boyfriend's cock, but the wine had relaxed her so much, she was determined to go with the flow and started sucking Dan properly, working his length with her mouth as Hayley reached beneath her friend and found her to be absolutely soaking wet. Hayley immediately understood Sammi mustn't have been lying about her ex's small size, considering how tight she was as she slipped a finger inside the horny box as she carried on sucking Dan in earnest. The penetration drew a muffled groan from Sammi as Dan's cock continued to fill her mouth, and Hayley continued to probe her friend as she leaned forward, placing her head on Sammi's shoulder, before asking whispering into her ear.

"It looks and feels like you're enjoying yourself. Can you imagine how good his cock will feel sliding in and out of your tight little hole instead of my finger?"

This drew another groan from Sammi as the thought immediately filled her brain, and Hayley knew about it straight away as she felt her friend become even wetter, so she told her to lay on to the sofa. Sammi did as instructed, laying down on her back and spreading her legs, presenting her perfectly smooth slit to Dan as he moved into position, and rubbed his end against the sodden hole before him, lubricating it with her juices, before slowly sliding into her. Hayley wasn't wrong about Sammi being tight, and Dan confirmed this to Hayley, saying that she is possibly the tightest he has ever had, which continued making Sammi more and more turned on, hearing a compliment like that. Dan began picking up the pace of his thrusts until he was pistoning in and out of Sammi, feeling her pleasure tunnel grip him as a pussy never had before, and he could tell that she was approaching an orgasm of her own thanks to the much bigger cock than she had ever taken pounding into her.
