 Chapter 1

I'm one of the lucky ones. I went to work in a really good job right out of college and was in the right place at the right time to be offered an early retirement buyout package when I was fifty-six. Yeah, how about that? And, it was a good package, too good to turn down.

So, I retired at fifty-six and my wife, Karen, she was fifty-three at the time, we went out and bought a nice travel trailer to do some touring around in. Yeah, like a lot of retired people. Don't knock it, we've had fun.

But the most fun was this year, near the end of summer. Was it ever.

We were on the way back home from a fairly long trip, now on the final leg, the last stop, where we would spend a few days before making the final four hundred miles home.

We got everything situated and were sitting outside enjoying a glass of wine when the couple from the next hookup site came over and introduced themselves. They, like us, were retired, he was Brian, she was Sandra and they were about our age, just this side shy of sixty.

Karen and I invited them over for wine and cheese the next afternoon as we found that, like us, they were staying on for another day, perhaps two. They seemed nice and we looked forward to getting to know them better.

As we chatted with Sandra and Brian, two more motorhomes pulled in across from us and began to hook-up. It didn't take long for us to call them over to join us and soon, the eight of us were having wine and snacks around our campfire.

The new couples were Kevin and Laura and Jeff and Alice and they'd known each other for ages, often travelled together like this and, like us, were nearing the end of their summer sojourn.

Now this seems like quite a cast and, well, it was eight people. But, let's consider the four most important people in this story: the women.

My honey, Karen, is fifty-five, still very nice looking, five foot six, one hundred twenty pounds, nice B-cup breasts, shoulder-length brown hair. Sandra was about Karen's age, shorter at five-two, slender, about one hundred pounds or so, long blond hair and a really nice figure, small but nice.

Laura was also about the age of the first two, medium-height, about five-four, around one-twenty, dark hair with some gray mixed-in, and nice big boobs, no doubt D-cups. She was stacked. Finally, Alice was younger, forty-four, forty-five, platinum blonde medium length, usually in a ponytail, also with a nice figure. They are all attractive women.

So, back to our nice early evening out by the campfire. I'd gone back inside to get another bottle of wine when I heard a shriek from one of the women outside. I ran outside just in time to see Alice with her top down around her waist, her rather large and firm breasts out in the open as she jumped around.

"What was it? Did it go away? What was it?" she was yelping as she hopped around, her nice boobs putting on quite a lovely show. She had been wearing a wraparound top which was now open and mostly off.

"What's wrong?" I asked Karen.

"Oh, something fell out of that tree above her and landed on her top. I think it was just a small branch or something but we all got a show," Karen told me as Alice pulled up her top.

"God, I'm so sorry, I'm so embarrassed," She blurted out.

Brian said, "Oh, I'm sure none of us guys minded, did we?"

"I sure didn't. Haven't seen a Playboy all week so it was nice to see such beauties," Kevin added.

The bottle of wine was soon empty again and Brian went over to their motorhome and brought a fresh one back as Jeff tossed a piece of bark he'd picked up over onto his wife's top.

"Come on, hon, let's show them some more of what I see all the time," he teased.

"Yeah, they're so nice, it's a nice warm summer night, Alice, let's get them out again for us all to admire," I added.

Then, she said something that I wasn't expecting and I'm sure no one else was expecting either, "I'll flash them again if the other girls will."

Well, that started all the guys urging their wives to give a bit of show, a little look-see at their boobs. And, incredibly, my wife Karen stood up, asked the other gals to get up with her and opened her top and held it open.

Soon, they were all four in front of us, every one with her tits out to be admired and they were. There were comments galore about the beauties on display when Laura, I'm pretty sure it was her, she said, "Why don't we all swap? Swap spouses?"

Then, she added, "Well, we might not ever see each other ever again, why not?"

Now, we've known people who had told us that they swapped spouses and we had even been approached a few times. But in over a quarter of a century of being married, we had never done it, never even seriously considered it.

"I just couldn't do it, sorry, we've never done anything like that," Karen blurted out. I knew she was uncomfortable with the idea. She looked over at me and asked, "Is this something you want to do?"

Well, at the risk of starting an argument right in front of everyone, I simply took the coward's way out and shrugged. "Really up to you, hon."

Then, Alice said to her, "Look, it's wonderful that you two have been together as long as you have. But, have you ever wanted a little break from that? As wonderful as I'm sure John is, one of these other fellows, well, they're going to be different, exciting."

"Actually, Kevin and I and Jeff and Alice have travelled all summer together and we've swapped any number of times. But, we're each going home with the same husbands we started out with, that hasn't changed, just some fun and a little spice," Laura added. 

"Well, Sandra and I have done some of this at home, both with Sandra's brother and his wife, Sandra had a relationship with her brother back to when she was still in middle school, and we also have swapped with a couple, strangely enough, from church. And we're still together. In fact we love telling each other about the swaps we've had, a few of them where all four are in the same room. We've loved it."

"Brian's right, Karen, we've swapped a number of times and, well, variety, they say, is the spice of life. And, we've always gone home together, it's really made us stronger, really. And, after this stop, we'll probably never ever see each other again," Sandra added.

"Well, you make it all sound so nice but I just don't know," Karen told them.

"Maybe if Karen got a preview of the fellows' equipment, she might be more interested. Would you want to see them drop their pants, Karen? I'll bet they'd be happy to show you what they've got," Laura offered.

I looked at Karen and she looked at me as I told her, "Hey it's no more than what you'd see at a nude beach, hon, might be interesting. You can still say no."

With that she nodded and Brian, Jeff and Kevin all stood up and were soon standing there with their shorts and briefs around their ankles.

Well, all you heard was the sizzle and occasional pop of the campfire as their three cocks hung down for my wife's inspection.

"Go ahead, Karen, and check them out, take a feel, I'll bet they wouldn't mind and I'm sure we wives won't either," Laura offered. Karen looked at me as I shrugged my shoulders and nodded my head toward the guys standing there and she smiled and took two or three steps over, reached down and took Brian's cock in her hand and squeezed softly.

Then she slowly let go, reached over and took Kevin's dick which was pretty big from what I could see. She gave it a nice feel, then went on to Jeff and felt his. Her hand opened and she stepped back, looked at me and asked, "Are you sure about this, John, that it's something you want to do?"

I nodded and she quickly added, "I have never been so hot and turned-on in all my life. Yes, yes, let's do it."

She really said it, Karen wants us to swap with these couples, do a sexual swap. I just really never thought she'd ever agree.

"Okay, let's put the names of the four guys in a hat, we can use Kevin's Red Sox cap, and each of us can draw a name. If you draw your hubby's name, then redraw," explained Sandra and we soon had drawn new partners and were to go back to each woman's RV to spend the next three hours with them. After that, we would all meet back at the campfire at our site.

Chapter 2

I was paired up with Laura who had the most voluptuous figure of the four which promised a fun three hours.

"I'm glad we got put together, John, yours is the only cock I haven't seen and I'm really eager to get it out and have some fun with it. This is your first swap, right?"

"Yeah, I just never thought Karen would go for it, just never."

"Well, shows you what holding three nice, new cocks in your hand will do for a woman."

"I think you're right. I hope it goes well for her."

"She's with Jeff, Alice's husband and I've had him before. Oh, she's in good hands, believe me, very good hands. His tongue, well...you may hear her screaming all throughout the campsite."

"Well, I know that's something she greatly enjoys, I hope it goes well for her, I'm sure looking forward to being with you, Laura," I told her as she opened the door and turned on some lights.

I followed her to the bed and she turned and put her arms around me and we kissed and groped for a few minutes, then, she leaned back and said, "Well, I've waited long enough to see your cock, John, let's get naked, we only have a few hours," and we were soon out of our clothes and into bed.

She was sitting there cross-legged stroking my cock with both hands.

"Nice, John, yes, I think I'm going to enjoy this very much, and I'm so ready," she murmured as she swung up over me, held my cock and eased down over it, driving it up into her then began rocking back and forth as I massaged her generous breasts. 

"Oh, yeah, mmm, I was so ready. Mmm, I knew you'd be good, John. Nice and long, I love your cock. Is my pussy making it feel real good?"

"So, good, you are so tight, it's like the first fuck I ever had and it took me forever to get inside her, but once I was, oh, man," I groaned as she went back and forth.

"I do pussy exercises almost every day, so it's not by accident, I work on keeping my pussy tight and toned and every cock that's ever been inside it had had a good time. It's something I pride myself on, my pussy."

"Oh, you should, it's like a teenager's, just so tight, so good."

She kept moving up and down on me, almost lifting me up off the bed when she went up, it was an awesome fuck and her boobs were firm and nice and full. I couldn't tell if she'd had them done but they sure were nice, especially when she leaned up and dropped a nipple onto my lips to suck.

This woman loved sex, that was obvious, and she loved pleasing a man with her body. And I was thrilled to be on the current receiving end of that as I lay under this sexy, voluptuous creature as she fucked me up and down.

"Mmm, mmm, mmm, feels good, mmm," she groaned. "Oh, yes, mmm, oooh, oooh, your cock...mmm, so good, yes, oh, oh, oh," she panted. "God, I'm gonna cum, ooh, OOH, OOH, AYYEE, AYYEE, AYYE, UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm, oh, mmm, good, good, oh, fuck me, mmm, so good," and she lowered down over me and kissed me, never once missing a beat fucking me up and down.

"Cum in me, John, give me your cum, baby, I want it, put it deep in my pussy, mmm, yeah," she moaned.

Well, I was just about ready to do just that, she was so tight and so good and in a minute or so, I felt that electric sensation begin to spread from the tip of my cock and shoot out all over my body as I convulsed and arched up into her as my love juice spurted and spurted deep inside her.

"Uh, uh, UH, UH, mmm, mmm, oh, so good," I moaned and she pushed down hard, driving me as deep as I could go, then twisting her hips back and forth, it was sensational, this woman was all about sex.

She dropped down over me, kissing me over and over but she never stopped moving up and down on me, it was just wonderful. I was still fairly hard and she seemed to just want more.

"Mmm, I love a new man every once in a while and you were just right, John. The end of summer and a new cock deep inside right where I want it. I'm so glad your wife decided to join in. I hope she's enjoying herself right now like I am."

Honestly, I hadn't given Karen much thought in the last hour or so, perhaps not a surprising thing considering what had been happening. I did hope she was having as good an experience as I was, this would surely make or break any future swapping we might do. If it all went wrong for her, then, well, this is the end of this kind of fun.

"I hate to say it, John, but our three hours are almost up, let me set the clock and we can do oral until our time's up," and she set the alarm and we got in a nice sixty-nine position and enjoyed the rest of our time together.

When the buzzer sounded, we knew our time together was over and we kissed one last time, and I got dressed and went back to our camper. I went in and Karen was in bed under the covers waiting for me. I quickly undressed and slid in next to her. Not a word had been spoken until we had our arms around each other. All I could think of was that she had had a horrible experience from it all.

"Well, how was it?" I asked.

"Can you just fuck me? I'll tell you all about it but right now I just want your cock in me, fuck me, John, please," she begged and I got up over her, suddenly excited that it was looking as though she'd had a good time of it. I got between her legs and she just reached down, took my cock, put the tip at her opening and pulled my hips to her. She was ready for sure.

"Mmm, god, fuck me, fuck me, John, I am so hot."

I was doing the best I could as she began to tell me of her tryst with Jeff.

"Oh, I was so nervous, well, I haven't been naked with a man, another man, since we first met and here I was standing there as he began to undress me. I even wondered if I was about to faint. He got me bare on top, then stopped and just kissed and sucked my breasts, well, you know how I love that. He really took his time, I guess he knew I was the one who didn't want to do all this."

"But you did, right? You went on with it?" I asked.

"Oh, John, yes, it was the best sex I've had in ages. Well, I mean, you're wonderful and all..."

"That's okay, hon, we've been fucking for a long time, I understand, I really do."

"Oh, thank you, mmm, just keep going, mmm. Well, so he took his time on my breasts, it was lovely, really lovely. Then, we were both soon naked and he had me on the edge of the bed, my legs up over his shoulders and he was just feasting on me. That's what it was, John, he was feasting on my pussy. God, it was so good."

"Well, no one knows better how much you love that than I do. He was good, huh?"

"Oh, yes, but it was also that it was someone new, someone I wasn't used to. God, it was so hot. I cummed three times just from that. It was wild."

"Mmm, yeah, keep moving just like that, hon, oh, that's feeling good."

"Well, I was so turned-on by that point, I just pushed him down on the bed, got up over him and jammed down on him like I was a crazy woman. Well, maybe I was. God, I fucked him like it was the last fuck I'd ever have. I don't know what he thought but he sure didn't want me to stop. Oh, and I didn't either," she laughed.

"Well, babe, you seem to still be pretty turned-on by it."

"Oh, John, just fuck me, keep fucking me. I'm so tired but my pussy is crazy. I never thought something like that was so good, so arousing. I've never been like this before."

"No, you sure haven't, I''m loving it."

"Jeff said they were staying on another night and having another swap tomorrow night. I know we'd planned on going home but do you think, well, we're in no rush, right?"

"Well, looks like you'd like a bit more fun."

"Oh, John, I'd love it, he said they make sure you get a new partner each time until everyone has had everyone else. Do you think we could stay another night?"

"Well, if we stayed two more nights, then, we could sample everyone's wares."

My god, you would think I just gave her the Hope diamond. She jerked me down and kissed me over and over, bucking under me.

"Oh, John, oh, you're the best, just the best. I'll do whatever you want. I'll suck you off any time you want, forever and ever. Oh, I love you so much. Remember, I'll suck you whenever, okay?"

"I think I'll remember that, yes. I'll see in the morning if we can keep the space here two more days. Most schools started two weeks ago so it shouldn't be a problem."

She rolled me over on my back and fucked me until I finally gave up what cum I still had left. Then, we both fell into a deep, happy sleep.

We all went to breakfast at an IHOP nearby and it didn't take long for the conversation to really get around to what had made our camping experience as fulfilling as it had been. We were able to stay on two more days (and nights which were why we were staying) and each morning we all went back to the same restaurant to rehash the highlights of the night before.

Each time I came back to our camper afterward, Karen was spread open for an enthusiastic fuck while she regaled me with the suckings and lickings and tonguings and fuckings she had given and received. I have never seen her so excited about anything.

Before we left, we all exchanged email addresses and such and have since traded stories and pictures, even a few videos.

We have met since with Sandra and Brian twice now and once with Jeff and Alice. Next month we link back up with Kevin and Laura and Karen is especially excited because she says Kevin just seems to never run out of steam. Maybe I'll ask him if he'll share his secret.

As for us? Oh, my, we now have more sex than we did after we first met. Karen hardly ever dresses around the house, if she does, it's in something skimpy and brief. She also has me undressed most of the time and seems to always want to play with her favorite toy as long as I have it out.

Oh, and she's good on her word. It gets sucked whenever I want. I don't even have to ask. Oh, she just read this and is now kneeling down under my laptop. Gotta go, talk to you later.