 All throughout high school I was a book nerd. The one during lunch that would sit and read rather than talk. I wore glasses and even had my long blonde hair up in a ponytail most days. Sweaters I had worn for the past two days were my average attire, accompanied by sweat pants. I was and still am petite, to say the least, it has always been a struggle to put on weight, and sadly because of it my boobs are fairly small, they are still there but nothing that would gain attention. Needless to say, nobody was interested in me in school. Years went by and I made a couple of guy friends, mostly fellow book nerds, but also some guys from the anime/video game club. My best friends were the chairs of the club, one named John and the other Louis, they come into play later. I never had a boyfriend though.

After an uneventful high school life, I went to a predominantly male university, and that is where I discovered my sex drive. My first day living in res, I got hit by strange feelings that I now know is what being horny feels like. That is when I discovered porn, well hentai to be specific and then I moved on to regular porn. After mastering the art of masturbation I found myself feeling unfulfilled, I needed more than just a rub to some porn, I needed a man. 

Now still being a virgin I had no idea how to go out and get one, so that is when I decided to go to the only place where I could feel confident in front of the men... The anime club. It was the first week of spring vacation when I decided to set out on my quest to lose my virginity. I Skyped John and asked if I could attend a meeting at their club and see what all the fuss was about. After that, I got ready by shaving my entire body and making sure I was perfectly smooth. I put on my least worn outfit, a short red skin tight dress that wrapped just above my knees. Tonight I was going to be daring so I decided no bra or panties for me. John showed up shortly after I got ready and welcomed me with open arms and then the next thing I knew he was rushing me off to their little club meeting room. 

I got a glaring ovation as soon as we arrived, it was a bit weird being the only girl there. Louis was the first person to come speak to me while John went off to chat up everybody else. He remarked about how cute my dress is... And also how he never thought how someone like me would wear that. Louis was tall and very well built, you wouldn't guess he was in the club. We talked for a little while and then John came back with a man named Mark. Mark was around my height (so not tall) and he was skinny, very much like the rest of the boys there. He was nice and not to shy, just outgoing enough to flirt with me too. 

We really hit it off, and I think he loved my knowledge of Cowboy Bebop and Tales of Symphonia. After a long chat between the four of us, we finally went and sat down with the rest of the group in front of the projector and watched Akira. Shortly after the movie started another guy came in with a several bottles of vodka and some 7-up. Everyone told me that he was the "Crazy" member of the club and would bring alcohol to at least one meeting a month to "Spice things up." Now I had drank alcohol in the past but never anything more than a glass of wine so I was a bit unsure, but that's when I figured that this may help me achieve my plans much easier. 

He started pouring the mixed drinks (Which did not taste half bad) and trying to convince several of the members to join him in drinking. Quite a few were uncomfortable or even unsure, and some even got up and left. The number in the room had been cut in half from 20 to 10 people. I told Mark to come with me to the table where the drinks were being handed out and dared him to try and drink it faster than me. If he could drink faster then I would go get shots. Little did I know this human camel finished it much faster than I could. Holding up my end of the bargain I asked for shots and the other man gave me several. I could feel people starting to limber up and join in the drinking, they couldn't be out drinked by a girl of course and tried to keep up. Sadly though I overestimated my tolerance and was quite drunk by the time Akira was half done. 

Now of course Mark was still flirting with me, and he was much more charismatic with a couple of drinks in him. He even got a little touchy and slid his hand up my dress grabbing my ass. I know this wasn't right... but I loved it. 

"You aren't wearing any panties..." Mark whispered to me.

"No, and I am not wearing a bra either." I tried to giggle cutely, but it just came out as a snort. 

"Wouldn't it be fun if we let everyone know this?" Mark whispered as he slid his hand toward my pussy. 

"I... I don't think I can do this." I was scared, but I the excitement was getting the better of me.

"You're wet... you want to do this. You like the idea of parading around in front of all these people." Mark was getting much more aggressive as he slid his fingers along my pussy.

"Well... it... it could be fun." I was not only warming up to the idea, but I was in love with it.

"Ok, then just follow my lead." Mark slid his hand out from under my dress and grabbed my hand, leading me to screen the movie was being projected on. 

"Gentleman of this fine club! I hate to interrupt your movie, but this is a moment that will go down in history at our club! A fine young woman is willing to play as a prize to a test of wits!" Mark yelled to the crowd, everyone faces giving him their full attention. 

"If we are able to answer this one extreme nerd testing question than she will grace us with a treat!" everyone was getting excited, these antisocialites were yelling and hollering at us in agreeance. 

Sadly I do not remember the question, but I do remember several hands went up immediately, and as mark chose them they each got it wrong. I thought I was in the clear until he got to John who gave me a sheepish grin as he answered the question correctly.  

"Ding ding ding! You are correct sir! Now for us to claim our prize!" Mark yelled as he shoved me in front of the projector screen, the AV person in control shut the movie off so there was nothing but light on me. 

I quivered... I shook... what had I done, I could not get out of this I had dove into far. Is what I thought, my drunken body and mouth had a different idea. 

"You can't expect me to do this without music." I sheepishly said.

Music started playing almost immediately. My brain was screaming at me not to do it... but I didn't care. I had never stripped for anyone before so I can't say it was elegant, but the boys sure did love it. I was not very good at teasing when I was younger, but I am much better now. It seemed almost immediately I was naked and dancing around in front of the projector with this room full of people glaring and hollering at me, even one guy in the back I could see jerking off. The rush was an incredible one and i needed more, So I bent over and spread my cheeks showing off my freshly shaved bits. 

"If you boys want a real show you better get me a desk." I yelled; my pussy was soaking wet and screaming for attention. 

Immediately like that a flash of a few of them dragged a desk over to my stage, thankfully the desk was big enough to fit me so I wouldn't fall off.. I hopped up on the desk, spread my legs wide and went to town. I started with rubbing but then finally worked my fingers into it and rushed myself to the biggest orgasm I had ever had. It was explosive and the crowd of boys went wild. I looked up and past my shaking legs all, I could see was a room of people glaring at me and feasting on me with their eyes. I think I wanted down and to just run in embarrassment, but that is when Mark yelled again... he was still close by to me getting a front row seat. 

"Is that the end of the show?" 

I thought I was satisfied, I thought that was enough and I could go back to normal now but no. My body wanted so much more... my inner whore had finally been unlocked and I wanted it all no matter the risk to my reputation. 

"Of course not." I flipped onto my stomach and ushered with my hand awkwardly for Mark to come to me. "Come here Mark and we can start the real show." 

Fuck... what was I doing?

Mark slowly approached me, I could see the look of worry in his eye's as he had never done anything like this before either. I gave him a cheeky smirk, the desk was cold and drove my body crazy. I slowly unzipped his pants as the crowd went silent. He started getting the groove of what was going on and pulled his shirt off revealing his pretty regular body. I pulled his pants down revealing his Spirited Away boxers and the outline of his thick throbbing cock. Now I'm not good at math but I can confidently say it was a good 5 inches, and I can also say I can confirm it when I pulled his boxers down. 

"Oh my god..." I whispered as this was the first dick I, had seen in person.

Nobody could hear me but I knew they could see the words my mouth shaped. I was surprised how red his face got when his cock was standing so hard in front of me. I grabbed it and started stroking it, the crowd was still silent. I took a moment to realize what I was going to do... this was going to be the moment I gave up all of my cautious senses and dove into my primal urges... this was the moment I realized I was going to become a slut.

"Ok..." I took a deep breath while I moved onto my hands and knees. 

I pulled Mark in closer and moved his throbbing dick closer to my mouth until I could lick it with my tongue. It was much longer than I thought it would be, and took a lot longer for my tongue to make it's way all around. 

"Oh... this feels so good." Mark stuttered as his body shake.

I knew this would be my future calling even though I still had a lot to learn. I pulled my tongue off for a brief moment and then thrust his dick into my mouth. The crowd cheered and hollered as this is what they were waiting for, this is what they wanted to see. The adrenaline from the crowd got to me and I sucked his dick as best as I could and made unbreaking eye contact with Mark and his eyes. I tried moaning, but it came out awkward and gurgled. 

"Somebody get up there and fuck that pussy!" The party guy yelled as he poured more drinks. 

"I'm on it!" John yelled in a battle cry.

Almost like a cartoon he jumped out of his clothes and was behind me playing with my pussy. I tried to look back to see what John had planned but I couldn't. Mark begun thrusting in and out of my mouth, his dick fucking the back of my mouth, the salty taste of precum was delicious. 

"You are fucking wet!" John yelled as he ran his hand along my pussy. "Usually I need lube to fuck a pussy but you're just good to go!" 

"Fuck that slut! Fuck that slut!" The crowd began to chant. 

My body was quivering with excitement. Finally a dick was going to fuck me, this is what I came out expecting and it was going to happen. John continued to tease my pussy with his hand as he played around with it. It was torture, all i wanted was for him to fuck me. Then it happened... I could feel the tip of his dick push against my pussy. 

"This cunt is tight! She must have saved her slutty pussy just for us boys." John yelled again, Mark yelled in agreeance but I couldn't hear what he said. 

The crowd kept chanting as John slowly pushed his way in more. I thought it would be instant pleasure but it wasn't. It hurt on it's way in, no pleasure to be found. I let out some anguished cries but they were smothered in the cock in my mouth. I wanted to turn back but couldn't. 

"Here we go!" John yelled as he pushed all the way in.

It was like a pop, suddenly the pain turned to pleasure and I felt the most sensational feelings rush over me. 

"Yeah! Fuck that slut!" People yelled as John fucked my pussy. 

He was thick but not as long as Mark. The size didn't matter though because it felt so good. He kept fucking me harder and harder until him and Mark created a pattern. They were taking turns fucking both sides of me and it felt amazing. That is when Louis showed. 

"You know how bad I have wanted to do this since we met? I dream about these tits every time I jerk it." Louis grabbed my tits and started playing with my nipples. 

This felt amazing, I loved the feeling of him grabbing my tits and my nipples were extra sensitive. This was the tipping point, it was just like that I could feel a monumental orgasm building. I let out a muffled yell as my body clenched and my body was rushed with the most intense pleasure of my life. It was amazing.

"Look the slut came! Now you guys have too!" A random spectator yelled.

My body was still rushing with orgasm as the two of them fucked me faster. I could feel Mark's dick pulsating and then suddenly a warm feeling shot into my mouth. It was really salty but still tasted good. Mark stopped thrusting as his dick unloaded it's cum into my mouth, John however kept going harder and Louis began to grab my tits harder.

He pulled his dick out of my mouth, it was spotless as I had cleaned off all of the cum in my mouth. "Oh god! It feels so good don't stop!" I yelled as John kept pumping and Louis kept squeezing.

"Look that cumslut swallowed! She really is a whore!" The man in the back yelled as he came onto the floor. 

"Oh god, oh god, oh god!" I kept moaning as I could feel another orgasm building. 

"Oh, you fucking slut!" John yelled; I could feel his dick beginning to pulsate.

Louis gave me one more giant squeeze as my body got rushed with another orgasm. My body shaked and my arms and legs gave out making me fall onto the desk. John gave one more giant pump as he filled my pussy with cum (thankfully I had been taking the pill for hormonal reasons for years before). 

"Oh!" I moaned one more time as John pulled his now empty dick out of my pussy. 

I fell limp onto the desk, cum began pooling out of my pussy and dripping down my legs. I didn't want to move, my body was worn from being used and from the orgasms. I lay there for awhile as Mark and John got dressed, they became really good friends after that (Who I would have fun with again later). Several of the boy's in the room came up and took pictures of my pussy leaking cum, and some of them even grabbed my ass but sadly I was done and wouldn't be able to service them. Eventually John and Louis clued into what was happening and started kicking people out of the room so I could be left at peace.

Eventually it was just the three of us again. I wish I could say we did it again, but I was spent. The boys were kind enough to help me get dressed and walked me home. First thing I did was go into the bathroom and run my shower and step again but before I got in I looked at myself in the mirror. Cum still visible on my lips, and little bits still dripping out of my pussy. At first I was conflicted but then I realized that this is what I wanted to keep doing. It was an amazing night and I wanted more.