 I first heard from Rachel last May. She'd read my account of the threesome in a Bristol hotel I'd had and wanted to tell me how much it turned her on. She wrote:

"Hi Deepblue32 -- liked A Story a lot. I was turned on pretty much from the first paragraph and I lost count of the number of times I came. God, when both you and Louise were cumming on Abby I don't think I've ever cum so hard. It's one of the dirtiest things I've ever heard of! It also helped that it was set in the UK. I live in London and haven't really found any good writers on here from the UK. Now tell me -- was it really true?! Rachel."

The next day I replied to her: "Hi Rachel -- Glad you liked it. I cum myself whenever I re-read that part! It was incredibly hot. And yes it was all true. I couldn't quite believe it myself, but it all happened more or less exactly as I described. Thanks a lot for the feedback anyway. Have you written anything on Lit? Nick."

A few days later she wrote: "Hi Nick -- Well if it really did happen, you're three very lucky people! Most of us have to settle for just reading these stories and wishing we could live out our fantasies. No, I've not posted any stories on Lit. I'm not much of a writer. I wish I could but I've never been able to do it. What are you writing next? I've just finished reading your Festival series and loved that too. God - you have a filthy imagination ;) XXX"

I replied the same day: "Why thank you. I'll take that as a compliment! ;) I'm not sure what to write next. Maybe about some experiences of group sex I had while I was university, but after my night with Abby and Lou they seem a bit lame. Maybe I need to find some more material form somewhere.......xxx"

I was glad she took my none too subtle hint, replying almost immediately: "Some more material hey? What could you mean?!!!! Well, I might be able to help you develop some more story lines........x"

I got straight back to her: "Sounds interesting, Rachel. Tell me about yourself....."

"About me? What do you want to know?"

"What's your age?"

"32. Much older than what you seem used to I'm afraid. Are you 33?"

"Yes I am. Don't worry -- not everyone I sleep with has to be under 30!! Tell me about your fantasy. What, if you could do absolutely anything, would be your ultimate sexual dream?"

She didn't reply straightaway. I waited by my laptop, eagerly hoping she'd describe some sordid orgy and we could start planning to make it reality immediately. It certainly seemed to be going that way and I was liking the sound of Rachel more and more. But she didn't reply for four days. I'd almost given up on her when I received this e-mail.

"Sorry for the delay Nick. I had some stuff come up at home. I've also been thinking about my ultimate fantasy. It's a bit embarrassing and I'm not sure I should be telling you this, but........here goes. Basically I want to get well and truly fucked. It's been so long since I was properly fucked I've forgotten what it feels like. Basically I've been married for nine years. I married a guy I met at university and we have a very happy marriage. We love each other but we never really have sex any more. We do it about once every three months and when we do it's just the same boring thing. My husband is very successful and so I don't need to work. We don't have kids -- how could we?! - so all I do is sit in this big empty house reading erotic stories on the internet. And I'm bored of it. I want to live. I want to feel turned on, excited, dangerous. I don't want to hurt my husband but I can't carry on living like this."

I replied straightaway: "I'm sorry to hear that Rachel. All I can say is your husband is missing out. It sounds like you're about ready to give some lucky guy the fucking of a lifetime! I don't blame you for wanting to do something about it either, Rachel. We're all human, we all have sexual needs. It sounds like your's aren't being properly looked after. I can understand totally that you don't want to hurt your husband, but you must be so frustrated. Is there no way you could relieve your frustration without him finding out?"

Again I didn't hear from Rachel for a few days. I thought maybe she'd got cold feet about the whole thing. She might have felt like she'd revealed too much to me. But just as I was giving up hope of ever getting further with her I received this e-mail:

"Hi Nick -- thanks so much for your e-mail. It means so much to me that you understand how I feel. I can't really talk to any of my friends about this. They all think I'm so lucky to have a husband as rich as mine. They all think I've got the perfect life. They don't know what it's like living with so much need. It's burning me up inside. I HAVE to do something about it. Or I'll go mad. I've just read your story about how Kate blackmails the main character into joining the gangbang. She's an evil bitch but I loved the story. When she was getting penetrated by three men I came and actually cried out so loud that the cleaner downstairs came running up to see if I was ok! I managed to make myself decent before she came in luckily!! You know what -- I'd really like to do what she did. What do you think?"

As I hit reply I shifted in my seat. My erection was digging into my jeans. I liked the way this was developing. 

"Hi Rachel -- Good to hear from you again. I was getting worried I'd said something to offend you. Tell me more -- which part of what Kate did would you like to do? Nick. XXX"

She came straight back to me: "Oh sorry. I meant have three men at once. Is that really bad????"

As I read those words I pulled my now rigid cock out of my jeans and started to stroke it, imagining three cocks filling this desperately over-sexed woman, ploughing in and out of her holes, making her writhe in physical ecstasy between their hard, muscular bodies.

"Hell no, Rachel. Not bad at all! Do you have any men in mind?"

I waited, hoping for the right response. It came in a few minutes:

"Er.....you?"

"I'm glad you said that," I replied. "Any others?"

My typing was a little impaired by my need to touch my throbbing shaft. 

"Yes. I know two guys who I think I could be up for it. One I used to work with years ago. We had a bit of a thing and have stayed in touch. The other is our gardener. He's always checking me out. If you came too that would make it complete. Here's a picture eof me anyway. Let me know what you think. Xxx"

I opened the attachment and got my first look at Rachel. My first thought was that she looked like a young Liz Hurley. It was a full length picture of her in a black dress and high heels. It didn't show much of her legs, but it did cling enticingly to a curvy but toned figure, stretched over full breasts and a flat stomach. Resting above her cleavage was a diamond necklace. Earrings sparkled from behind straight black hair that ended at her shoulders. Her lips were full and dark pink. Her cheekbones were well defined and her blue eyes were smiling at the camera. 

I imagined unzipping the dress, pulling it down over her smooth skin. Tugging rapidly on my rigid shaft I fast forwarded to imagine three cocks all over her naked body, one embedded in her pretty mouth, the other pumping up into her soaking wet pussy, and the other pistoning in and out of her stretched, tight asshole. I tensed up and came, my balls tightening and the semen shooting into the air.

With a sigh of relief I sat back and began to type a reply: 

"I'm definitely up for it, Rachel. Let me know when and where. Xxx. PS. Can't fucking wait!!"

It took a while to organise. She had to find out if the two other guys were interested. The gardener was, but the former work colleague wasn't because he was now in a serious relationship. Rachel asked me if I knew anyone who might be interested.

After my story about Abby and Louise I'd got quite a few e-mails from blokes offering to give me a hand if I ever needed an extra guy. There was one though that had particularly caught my eye. 

"Hi Deepblue -- like your stories a lot. Especially A Story. I read it with my girlfriend and we had to keep stopping to fuck each other. I came three times before we got to the end!! Nice work! We're a couple in an open relationship. I'm 36 and Liz is 29. I've attached a pic of her. If you ever have another rnight with Abby and Lou we'd be really happy to come and make it a fivesome. Or if you'd like just me then in return I'm sure I could arrange for you to come over and have a night with Liz and me. Let me know. We're based in London but travel a lot. John."

I e-mailed Rachel to ask if she'd mind another couple joining us. We'd got to know each other much better now and her e-mails were much more open and explicit: 

"Hi Nick -- No, I don't really want another couple involved. Sorry to sound selfish but I want all the cocks for myself!! Can you see if he'll come on his own? Have you got a pic of him. I don't want some ugly bloke. I'm looking out the window at Marek, my gardener. He's got his shirt off and is sweating. I'm so turned on now I wish I could fuck him right now. But I'm going to wiat until there are 3 men. So I can have one in every hole. Mmmm it's going to be SO good. Let me know soon, Nick - my husband is away next week. Rach. Xxxx"

I asked John if he'd like to come on his own in return for a night with him and Liz in the future. He replied straightaway that he was definitely up for it. I told Rachel and we all arranged to be at her house at 2pm the following Tuesday. 

I got the train down that morning and got a cab over to the address she'd given me. It was a big townhouse in Notting Hill, a very well-off part of the city. As the car pulled up outside I saw she wasn't exaggerating about how rich her husband was. No wonder she didn't want him to find out about this.

I rang the doorbell and was surprised when it was opened by a man. He was tall, about the same height as me: six foot two. However, while I have blond hair and blue eyes he was dark with black hair, tanned skin and brown eyes. He was also, if I'm totally honest, in much better shape than me. He was wearing a white t-shirt that showed well defined chest muscles and developed biceps. I sucked in my stomach and followed him inside.

He put out his hand and smiled at me: "Hi. I'm Marek," he said in an Eastern European accent. 

I shook it and he gestured for me to come in. As we walked through a large and tastefully decorated entrance hall, he said: "We have good time today, yes?"

"I hope so," I replied and we grinned at each other. 

He gestured me into what I took to be the living room. It was about the same size as my flat, and was full of very expensive-looking ornaments and decorations. 

"Sit down," said Marek, and I did. 

"You want beer?" he asked. 

"Sure," I said. "Where is Rachel?"

"She's upstairs. We go up when John arrive."

I nodded and Marek went to get the beer. He came back with a bottle and pill. 

"Eat this," he said. "We keep going for long time." 

I looked at it uncertainly. He nodded encouragingly at me."

"What is it?" I asked. 

"Cialis," he said. "Mrs Sutton say we all take one, so we be good and big for her."

I'd never taken Viagra or any of its variants before, but had heard good things about what they can do for a man's staying power and size, so I shrugged and popped the pill, chewing it up before washing it down with a mouthful of beer.

Marek sat down with his beer and we waited for John to arrive.

After more than ten minutes of stilted conversation and awkward silences the doorbell rang. Marek went to answer it and then John walked in. 

Like me he was wearing a suit with open-necked shirt. He was a few inches shorter than me, but fairly good looking in a clean cut kind of way. He stepped forward to shake my hand and introduce himself. 

Then we all stood there in silence, not sure what to do next. Marek went to get John's beer and pill, and while he was gone we made small talk. He seemed like a decent enough guy. We were both obviously a bit nervous about what we were doing.

"You go upstairs now," said Marek once John had eaten his Cialis. 

"Both of us?" I asked.

"No, Mrs Sutton want only you first. Up the stairs. First door on your left."

I looked at John who shrugged. I said: "Well see you both soon, I guess," then walked out of the room. 

At the top of the stairs I saw a door on the left, slightly ajar. There was music coming from the room. I recognised it was Massive Attack's Blue Lines. A good choice. I pushed the door and walked in.

The room was lit by a couple of lamps in the corners, not so much that it was bright, but just enough that I could see everything in it. My gaze was drawn immediately to Rachel, who was lying on her front in the centre of a large bed. She was wearing only a black lacy bra and panties and she was resting on her elbows, propping her chin up in a hand and looking me up and down.

"I'm so glad you came," she said. As well as looking very like Liz Hurley, she sounded just like her. I went to private school, so have a fairly upper-class English accent, but Rachel's was in a different league altogether. Not everyone finds that accent attractive. I do. As I listened to her and looked at her almost naked body, I felt the blood starting to pour into my cock."

"Well, Nick. Don't just stand there. Come over here."

I walked towards the bed and when I reached the edge she moved up so she was kneeling. She grabbed the lapels of my jacket, pulled me towards her and when our faces were right next to each other, our lips almost touching, whispered: "I am so ready for this. I want you to give me the fucking of my life."

I reached up to run a hand through her silky hair, gently over her cheek, and then I trailed a finger over her moist lips. I felt her quiver a little under my touch. In a deep voice I growled: "You'd better be ready, Rach. I'm already hard for you." 

With a small moan she leant forward and kissed my lips. I pulled her closer to me and we were passionately kissing, our tongues snaking across each other, and my hands sliding over her small shoulders and down her soft, thin arms. 

She broke away for breath and I looked down at where her deep breathing was making her breasts rise and fall. They were stupendous breasts. I'd guess a 36D, full and perfectly shaped. I couldn't wait to see them naked, to feel them in my hands. 

"Go and get the others," she said, pushing me away.

I almost ran downstairs and, putting my head round the door, told John and Marek to follow me. They jumped up and followed me quickly. 

Back in the bedroom, Rachel was reclined on the pillows at the top of the bed. She gasped as we all walked in and watched as we moved towards the bed, all three men mesmerised by the sight of this beautiful, half-naked woman, lying there, waiting to give herself to us.

John immediately went to one side of her. "You're even more beautiful than your picture," he said as he lay next to her. She smiled and kissed him passionately, running her hands through his hair and moaning gently.

Marek moved to her other side and began stroking her shoulders and arms. She broke away from John to kiss Marek, whispering that she'd wanted him for so long. I stood at the foot of the bed as she alternated kissing the two men while they ran their hands all over her body. 

Finally I kicked off my shoes and moved up onto the bed. I was rockhard already. While Marek unclipped her bra and John pulled it away to reveal two turgid pink nipples, I ran my hands up her smooth, sculpted legs. She gasped as my fingers slid over her warm inner thigh, stopping only at the edge of her black panties. 

The two other men were each suckling a nipple, squeezing breasts and making appreciative noises. Rachel was running her hands through their hair, her head tilted back. "Oh yes," she whispered. "This is good."

I took that as sufficient encouragement to slip my thumbs under her panties and slowly ease them down. I moved back up, stopping to kiss her legs as I did. She spread her legs wider and wider, allowing me ever closer to my goal. 

When I reached it I found a hand already there. Marek and John were both looking down at her neatly trimmed black bush, and Marek was sliding a finger below it, into an already wet pussy. Rachel was moaning, her cries growing more urgent and louder as her gardener found her clitoris and began rubbing a finger across it.

When I slid a finger into her hole and reached up to rub her g-spot, she came almost immediately.

"Fucking hell, that was quick," said John, and we all laughed. It eased the tension a little, but it was still there. There were three men, all with raging hard-ons needing to be satisfied and her first orgasm seemed to have just enflamed Rachel even more. 

"Show me your cocks," she said breathlessly. 

I unzipped my flies and pulled out my rigid, throbbing prick. Rachel looked at it and sighed. 

The other two weren't far behind. John fished out a cock that was about the same size as my six inches and looked equally hard and ready for action. The Cialis was doing its job. 

Rachel gasped when she saw Marek's. It must have been a good eight inches, and very thick, but the most startling things was how it curved upwards. While John and I looked enviously at it, I could see Rachel imagining how it would feel inside her. 

There wasn't much of a pause for thought though. For those first few minutes all four of us were full of a tense, urgent need to fuck and to cum. 

"Get your clothes off. All of them," commanded Rachel. 

We all did so with indecent haste, virtually ripping off our shirts and trousers, kicking off shoes and socks, and discarding boxer shorts, before leaping back on the bed, next to the gorgeous naked woman who was waiting for us there.

Marek was first. Rachel and he knelt next to each other and kissed while she caressed his shaft. I moved in behind her, my dick pressing against her lower back. She gasped and turned to kiss me. As soon as she did, John was also next to her. She was surrounded by male bodies, three hard, throbbing cocks pressing into her, six hands roaming over her naked body. Her hands were sliding up and down our cocks, switching between us so we all got to feel her small, warm hands closing around our shafts and sliding up and down. 

"Please," she said, "One of you fuck me."

I wasn't going to wait for a second invitation. I pushed her forward so she was on her hands and knees, then lined my big cockhead up against the opening to her pussy.

The two other guys looked momentarily disappointed that I'd reacted the quickest, but their disappointment dissipated as she slid her tongue the length of first John's then Marek's pricks.

She turned to look at me, a serous expression on her pretty face. "Come on then you fucking bastard. Stick it in there," she said. It didn't seem right to hear such filthy talk coming from someone with such a cultured accent and an innocent looking face. But she was clearly overwhelmed by animal lust. "Get your fucking cock inside me."

I decided it was best not to keep her waiting any longer, so spreading her asscheeks wide I pushed forward and penetrated the soft, pink flesh of her pussy. I was so hard and she was so wet, that I slid straight into her. I paused once I was balls deep in her to revel in the heat of her cunt, feeling it surround my hard shaft. I could feel my heartbeat hammering through my cock and her's pulsing through the walls of her pussy.

She was growling with lust, ramming her mouth up and down on first one then the other of the purple, veiny cocks in front of her. I pulled back and then slid back in, and began steadily pumping in and out. She began bucking back and forth herself, trying to get more of me inside her, to generate more friction between our over-heated sex organs. I gave myself completely to it, closing my eyes and driving my shaft in and out of her body as fast and hard as I could. With a scream Rachel came, her pussy spasming around my shaft. Again I thanked the Cialis for helping me hold off my orgasm, and carried on pumping ferociously in and out of that spasming pussy. 
