 Last night my wife Heather and I went to the wildest party ever. My name is Bob and I work at Masterpiece Plastics. We just moved to Chicago from Milwaukee for this job. It was a traumatic move because we had a lot of friends and family in Milwaukee, but a job is a job and beggars can't be choosers.

Anyway, my boss at work is a young woman named Sherry. Sherry is very sexy. She obviously takes care of herself. She dresses very well and always has a mischievous smile on her face. She has long blonde hair and beautiful green eyes. I have to admit I have had some naughty thoughts about her.

Don't get me wrong. I love my wife and she is a knockout as well. She has soft brown hair cut short, nice full firm breasts and an ass to die for. We have great sex and try to do it whenever we can. We have two kids however, Ben is 12, and Mary is 10, so we have to wait until they are asleep or be really quiet which can kind of put a wet blanket on things.

About once a month or so we hire a high school girl to sit with the kids and have a night out. Sometimes we even splurge for a motel room and really go wild. In Milwaukee the kids could go to the grandparents or Aunt Sally's or sometimes they would go to sleepovers on the same weekend. But in Chicago it has been a bit tougher to get time to be alone.

A week or so ago Sherry came into my office. I was at my desk working on a spreadsheet of third quarter expenses. She had a medium length skirt on that showed her great legs and a low cut blouse with a gold necklace that nestled in her cleavage. I was envious of the necklace. She came around and leaned over so she could see my computer screen. I could feel her soft breast brushing my shoulder. I could feel the beginnings of an erection. 

She put her arm around my shoulder. "You do a good job, Bob," she said. She smiled that radiant smile. I basked in its glow. 

"Thanks, Sherry."

She stood up and moved back towards the door. She stopped and turned around. "Oh, by the way, Bob, My husband Pete and I are hosting a cocktail party in two weeks. You and that cute little wife of yours are invited. Don't worry about rsvp. You'll be there."

I went home that night and told Heather about the invitation and about how Sherry seemed to be coming on to me a bit. She just gave me this cryptic smile and said, "hmmmm what does she look like?" Later we had a lovemaking session that was epic. It was so good I had to keep putting my hand over Heather's mouth to stifle her moans of pleasure. 

The night of the party arrived. Heather had picked out a very sexy red party dress that showed off her body almost too well. I wore a blue suit and a beige tshirt. Sherry had warned me to bring swimsuits as there was a pool and a hot tub, so we carried a small gym bag. We stopped and bought a good bottle of scotch and arrived promptly at 8.

The house was very luxurious. It was a warm night and some people had congregated at the pool. Sherry introduced us to her husband Pete. He was a bit shorter than me with a stocky build, dark hair and a shadow of a beard. Probably one of those guys that has to shave 3 or 4 times a day.

We got drinks, Heather white wine, me scotch on the rocks, and wandered around. A lot of people were from work and I knew them a little but Heather was lost. Suddenly she gave a happy little cry and ran towards a statuesque black girl who was standing in a group of people drinking and talking.

"Emma!" cried Heather.

The girl turned and looked and smiled a dazzling smile, "Heather!" They hugged tightly and then stepped back. Emma was what I would call voluptuous. She had wide hips and big boobs but carried it all well. She had a beautiful face and silky black hair. 

"Bob, come here and meet Emma. Emma this is my husband Bob." I took her offered hand and felt some tingle of electricity. She looked at me intently.

"Ain't he the handsome one!" she said and winked at Heather, "I might have to steal him away." She squeezed my hand. Heather laughed.

"If you can get him you can have him!"

"Hey!" I said in mock pain, but they paid me no mind.

"Heather, this is my man, Jackson." An older man turned around. He had white hair but a deep tan and his age was hard to determine. He was very tall and wore sunglasses. He took Heather by the shoulders and kissed her on both cheeks.

"A very deep pleasure!" He said with an accent that was hard to place. He turned to me and offered me his had, "Bob is it? You have a beautiful wife."

"Thanks," I said, "but I am a bit confused. How do you two know each other?"

"Silly man, I told you about Emma. We work together. She works in my office."

Then the lightbulb went on. "Oh yeah, I remember you telling me about your buddy at work. You never mentioned how gorgeous she was or is."

Emma beamed a bright smile. "I don't tell you everything Bob." was all Heather had to say. 

The evening wore on. The crowd thinned. We had some more drinks. We got our swimsuits on and took a dip. Later Heather and I found ourselves in the hot tub with Sherry, Pete, Emma and Jackson. The girls looked great in their bikinis. The men all looked fit. Jackson was in good shape for an older man.

"How old do you guys think Jackson is?" asked Heather. She was sipping a tall drink and had on a very skimpy white two piece. She was nestled up against Jackson. He was still wearing his sunglasses. 

Heather guessed 42. I noticed she had switched from white wine to apple martinis. She was slouched down in the water with one hand stroking my thigh. Her eyes seemed a bit glazed and her words were somewhat slurry. Her red bikini looked great on her, barely covering her nice breasts and very skimpy down below as well. I said 45 and someone else said 43. "Nope," said Emma, "You are all wrong. He is 59 and the best fucking lover I have ever had."

Heather gasped and moved her hand higher on my thigh. My dick was starting to respond to her rubbing.. Sherry giggled. Pete and I just looked at each other and grinned. I couldn't believe my ears. I wondered how much everyone had had to drink. Emma didn't seem drunk but she must have had somewhat of a buzz going. I myself was feeling no pain. 

"He can make love all night long. He has such control. And girls, let me tell you, when he gives head he will send you to the moon and stars."

"I would love that!" said Sherry. She moved over to sit on the other side of Jackson. He reached out and put his arm around her. "Maybe we can convince him to give us a demonstration." She lightly ran her fingers over the crotch of his swimsuit.

Heather was staring at the trio across from us. I gasped as she slipped her hand inside my swimsuit and gripped my cock. I looked over at Pete and he was grinning and sipping his beer.

Jackson moved up so he was sitting on the edge of the hot tub. Emma and Sherry each grabbed a side of his swimsuit and pulled them down and off. 

I looked around and sipped a bit of whiskey. It looked like we were the last six guests of the party. 

Jackson had a big penis and it was standing at attention as Sherry nibbled and licked it and Emma was stroking it. The two girls kissed each other deeply and then Sherry took Jackson's cock into her mouth and started bobbing up and down on it. Jackson was fondling Emma's big breasts and then pulled the string releasing them from the white swimsuit material. He reached over and pinched her nipples between his fingers, first the right and then the left. She giggled and then moaned. Sherry looked up from sucking and pulled the strings on Emma's bottoms and suddenly she was nude. 

Meanwhile Heather had been stroking and rubbing my cock. I reached over and pulled off her top and leaned over to take a nipple in my mouth. She arched up against me. I grabbed her sweet ass and kneaded her as she moved over to straddle my lap. 

"Maybe we should move this party inside," said Pete. It didn't take long for us to grab towels and remains of swimsuits and head into what I found out later they called the "playroom".

The playroom had very plush red carpeting with several sofas along the perimeter walls and one oversize hammock in the middle.

Emma laid on the hammock with her legs spread. Jackson knelt between her legs and started biting and kissing her thighs. Sherry was sucking on Emma's nipples.

Heather had pulled my trunks down and was kneeling between my legs sucking on my rock hard erection. I noticed Pete coming up behind her and then I noticed he was nude and a hard thick cock pointing the way. Heather was concentrating on sucking me and didn't notice his approach until he started kissing her back. He looked at me questioningly and I shrugged. Heather's head popped up and looked back to see him. He reached around to caress her breasts. She looked at me. I couldn't believe that I was watching a man caress and kiss my nearly naked wife. Pete untied Heather's bikini strings and tossed her bottoms away. He was stroking her ass with his fingers. It looked like he pushed a finger or two up inside her wet pussy. She moaned lightly. It made me feel good to see her enjoy his touch. I wondered if the scotch had taken away my jealousy and then realized this had been a fantasy of ours for a while. We had talked about it in bed and wondered what it would be like. Heather continued to look at me questioningly.

"Whatever you want baby," I said. 

She sighed. "I love you," she said. 

"I love you too."

She went back to sucking me and groaned deep in her throat as Pete pushed his hardness into her waiting warmth. 

I watched as a man I had just met began pumping my wife. She was sucking me harder and playing with my balls and I knew I couldn't last much longer.

I looked over and saw that Sherry had taken the place of Emma on the hammock and Jackson was busy with his tongue moving in and out of Sherry's slit and toying with her clit, sucking it into his mouth and then licking it on the way out. She was moaning and squirming. 

Emma was walking towards us. She pulled Heather's mouth off my cock and kissed her deep while Pete fucked my wife from behind. Then she gave me that beautiful smile. She kneeled in front of me and stroked my erect dick. She licked her lips and flicked my head with her tongue. She put just the head in her mouth and swirled her tongue around me. I could hear Heather moaning right next to me as Pete slammed in and out of her. 

"I am gonna cum!" I moaned to Emma slightly apologetically. She pumped my shaft faster with her hand and sucked on the head. 

"Give it to me," she said. "I want it all and then I want you to lick me until I cum." That was all I needed to hear as I felt my orgasm overwhelm me like a tidal wave.