 I lived in Rhode Island until I graduated college. When I was a teenager, I worked in the boatyards sanding, painting and fixing rigging. As the years went by I made a decent living out of antique yacht restoration. I'd since moved out of state and found new work, but a decade later an old boss made me a great offer. I found myself back in Rhode Island for an extended stay helping to restore a few classic boats at a yachting museum in Bristol.

I knew my way around the tiny state, most of which surrounds Narragansett Bay. I could have stayed in Providence and made the forty-five minute drive the museum each morning, but a hotel in town referred to by locals as The Bradford offered old-world ambiance and cheap accommodations. It also housed a dive bar on the first floor—a place to have a few drinks without worrying about a dress code. Back in my college days, my buddies and I used to haunt the little watering hole in hopes of finding a gal and bringing her upstairs to a room. None of us ever succeeded, but the nostalgia was enough to hook me.

I checked in on the weekend, so I didn't need to work the next day. After chomping down half a pizza from a local place, I plodded into Harriet's Pub. The look of the place hadn't changed. The stench of stale beer hit my nose the moment I opened the door. The ugly paneling and beat up tables were just as I remembered, and the stains on the pool table still resembled a map of the Caribbean. Two old men sitting at a table toward the rear looked strikingly familiar—as if they were there the day I left town a decade previous. Aside from them, the place was almost deserted—almost.

I sat at edge of the bar, around the corner from a strikingly out of place couple to my right. The pretty, middle-age blonde offered a pleasant smile as she stirred her drink. She kept her dark brown eyes trained on me as she sipped through the straw. I glanced at the respectable diamond and band adorning her ring finger and shifted on my stool.

She was stunning to the point of discomfort. Her shoulder-length hair was streaked in shades of gold and sandy brown, framing angular features and a cute, slender nose with a dainty hook at the end. She wore a cobalt-blue dress hemmed just below her sleek, stocking-covered knees. Perhaps most unfitting were her shiny black heels. I paid enough attention to my ex's shopping habits to know a five-hundred dollar pair of shoes when I saw one.

Her husband sat to her right, looking as out of place as she did. The guy looked like he'd just stepped out a sociology lecture. He even had corduroy patches on the elbows of his tweed sport coat. Peering over at me, he adjusted his wire-rimmed glasses and surveyed the almost empty room.

One thing was new for sure—the cute brunette barkeep with deep tan skin, bright blue eyes and pouty lips. She chatted on the phone for several minutes, then finally sauntered over. I dropped a ten dollar bill on the bar and ordered a draft beer. "When do the single girls show up?" I asked in jest as she pulled the lever on the tap.

"Look around," she griped, sliding it in front of me. "If you were a single girl, would you be in here?"

"What about Rodger Williams College? Don't the students come in?"

"They're on early break this year. You're not the only one they disappointed."

"That leaves you," I boasted in the most confident tone I could muster. "Are you single?"

She shot a warning glare with her blowtorch-blue eyes. As pretty and petite as she was, it stopped me cold. Grabbing my money, she strutted off.

"Too forward of me?" I asked the blonde.

She didn't answer, but smiled again as she nudged her husband. He drummed his fingers on the bar, staring at me for several seconds. As if trying to speak, he moved his lower jaw, but then huffed and sipped his beer.

The bartender came stomping back over and thumped down my change. "What's your name?" she asked.

"Sari," I replied.

"Sorry for what? It was a simple question."

"No, that's...my name."

"Sounds Indian. You don't look the part."

"It's a long story. You gonna tell me yours?"

Ignoring my question, she scrunched her cheek and continued her query as she wiped the bar. "What's your story, Sari?"

"Story? I'm here on a job."

"You got a job propositioning bartenders?"

"Look, I was a little forward, but—"

"You open-minded, or do you wanna keep the spoils all to yourself?"

"Huh?"

"Out with it. Are you a team player or the all me type?"

I took her query as an offbeat proposition, perhaps to meet her and a girlfriend. "I'm pretty open-minded," I boasted, hoping to pique her interest. "Please, tell me your name."

Still ignoring me, she turned to the couple and acknowledged, "I worked for eight years in Vegas, so not much gets by me. I gather you're tongue-tied because this is your first time trying something like this."

"Something like what?" the man asked.

"Something so many people go to Vegas for." Holding out her open palm she advised, "Tip your bartender."

The man looked at his wife. When she nodded, he handed over a five.

"I didn't say insult your bartender," she complained, rolling her eyes as he handed her another. "What're your names?"

"I'm Tom and...and this is Shannon."

She stuffed the bills in her apron and turned back to me with an outstretched hand. I wasn't sure why, but I handed her a ten as I peered into her ice-blue gaze. Leaning her elbows on the bar, she offered a coy smile. "If you must know, I'm Sally," she explained. "Now listen up, Sari, cuz I won't repeat this. Tom wants to watch while Shannon hooks up with a cute guy. It's a slow night, so you're up, slugger."

My mouth went numb as a bolt of shock crackled through me. I stared dumbfounded at Shannon trying not to let my jaw slacken as I waited for affirmation. She set her sparkling gaze on me for a pulse pounding moment, but said nothing as she set her drink down.

"Hang on," Tom insisted. "You can't just—"

"Tell me I'm wrong," she answered in a confident tone.

"Drop the pretense, Tom," Shannon huffed.

"Let me guess," Sally continued. "You talked about it for months and decided a college kid would be just right...young, impulsive and hunky. You finally worked up the gumption, but you didn't realize the college was on break this week."

"It was a dumb idea," Shannon lamented, shooting her gaze my way. "If you're not interested—"

"Of course I am!" I blurted, alternating my gazed between her, Sally and Tom.

A cute but tantalizing smile found Shannon's glossy lips. "You and Tom work out the details," she proposed, taking a last sip of her drink. "Give me ten minutes." Grasping her purse, she kissed Tom's cheek and shot me a promising glance. I sat stunned, still processing my situation as she slid off her stool and strutted out. At first, I fought the urge to watch her dress wiggle as she clopped across the floor, but her sleek, stocking-covered legs were too much to resist.

Sally offered a smug smile and turned her back to us, wiping bottles on the racks behind the bar.

"Look," Tom continued. "It's not quite like she made it sound. Well, it is and...and it isn't."

"Which is it?" I asked.

"We're, uh, easing into this." Looking both ways, he lowered his tone. "We were hoping to find a guy who'd...you know...settle for a good stroking."

It's not that I wouldn't have enjoyed it, but a look around the almost empty barroom told me I had the upper hand as long as some hunky punk didn't stumble in. I scrunched my cheek and shook my head. "No thanks," I replied dismissively. "I can give myself a stroking anytime I want."

"Amen to that," Sally quipped from a few feet away.

Tom huffed and rolled his eyes, then slapped a room key on the bar. "Gimme five minutes to talk with her and come up," he grumbled, sliding off his stool. "No promises."

"Pretty slick," Sally acknowledged, picking up their glasses.

"Slick enough to get a date with you?"

"You already have a date. Play along and she'll end up boinking you. Like I said, I've seen it a hundred times."

"I think I'll pass."

"And disappoint a hot lady? What kind of man would do that?" She chuckled, folding a bar cloth.

I peered at her petite frame as she bent over to wipe the sink. "Are you sure you—"

"Go," she answered.

Tom was already barefoot when he answered the door five minutes later. I saw Shannon's shoes on the floor, sticking out from beneath her crumpled dress. A white pair of panties and a matching bra hung next to his sport coat on the hook. Shannon came around the corner in a sleek steel-grey nightgown¬. The skin on her dainty shoulders glistened in a shade of light brown as she tossed her hair back. Her long, sleek legs were still clad in black stockings as she stepped to the dresser, tugging at her ear to remove an earring. "I wasn't sure whether you'd prefer my stockings on or off," she sang, removing the other earring and setting the pair down.

"On is fine," I offered.

"I think maybe we should set a few ground rules," Tom muttered, turning the desk chair to face the bed.

"Let me handle myself," Shannon insisted, ruffling his hair. She turned to face me and unbuttoned my shirt. Slipping it off my shoulders, she slid her palms down my backside and stuck her fingers under the waistband of my jeans. My crotch grew crowded as she touched her nose to mine. "Tom tells me you got a little adamant," she said with a pout.

"W-Well yeah. I think—"

"Hush," she whispered, pressing her finger to my lips. "I'm the one who set the limits. Tom would just as soon let you have your way with me." Her dark eyes followed her index finger as she ran it around my chest. "How about if we start like we planned and see if we're all comfortable? Maybe if it goes well I could use my mouth...just a little...maybe." The glint in her eye told of a secret she was holding from her husband as her cheeks rose to accommodate a tantalizing smile. "That sounds fair, doesn't it?" she asked.

"Of course," I answered, staring at her glossy lips and imagining them wrapped firm around my throbbing cock. She opened her mouth—perhaps to show the precious pink tissues her cryptic glance referred to, then puckered her lips and kissed my chin. "Let's sit you on the bed," she proposed, tugging at my belt buckle.

Seconds later my jeans and boxers lay atop my sneakers on the floor. Even with Tom watching from the side of the bed, my apprehension gave way to excitement as I sat and leaned back against the headboard. My cock stood straight, throbbing to the beat of my pounding pulse as my balls shifted in my sac. I was on display, but something seemed right about it.

Standing at the foot of the bed, Shannon pulled the straps of her nightgown over her shoulders. I took a deep breath as the silky sentinel dropped to reveal her ample breasts, decorating the camber of her shapely torso without a hint of overstatement. The pit of her navel adorned her firm tummy, defined on each side by graceful curves. My thighs quivered as she lay on her side to my right—her tummy against my hip and her breast resting on my belly.

Tom leaned forward and let out a nervous sigh, peering on as his wife ran her finger along the sculptured vein lines of my engorged shaft. "I'm touching another man, Tom," she purred, grasping my girth and stroking gently. "His cock is heavy. It feels like a warm steel pipe."

Shannon's gaze alternated between her disrobing husband and my thumping meat as she gently scratched the underside of my staff. A sweet giggle escaped her as she kneaded my sac with her fingers. She was masterful—her thumbs, nails and fingers fashioned a symphony of blissful delight. I felt like I grew an inch as she tugged my aching shaft upward and squeezed the base of my sac.

"Y-You like feeling another man, babe?" Tom asked between Darth Vader breaths.

"It's kind of empowering," she replied in a tone above a whisper, stroking with her thumb and forefinger. "I have his prowess in my hand with you watching on. I get to turn you both on." She cupped my jewels in her right hand and licked her lips. "Imagine all the sperm he's making for me. It'd be kind of a shame to waste his load on the sheets."

"It'll look good when he shoots it all over you."

"I'm thinking of licking his balls," she purred, hastening her stroke.

"Great idea," I squawked—my pulse pounding in my ears. "I say you go for it."

"Oh, yeah," Tom grunted, dropping his pants and grasping his chiseled cock. "Stroke him while you do. I wanna see him come all over you."

Without breaking stride, she climbed between my thighs. I spread wide as she leaned in close and smiled. Her cheek brushed the side of my raging hard-on as she kissed my thighs. "Still think you could stroke yourself just as well?" she asked.

I shook my head and held my breath as her nose bumped my throbbing shaft. Standing it straight, she dabbed her tongue on its base. I moaned as she flicked my left nut, then again as she sucked my right one into her mouth for a delightful moment. With a sweet giggle she lifted my sac with her tongue, dangling a jewel on each side as she peered into my eyes and tugged on my cock again.

Tom stared on with a slack jaw, but blinked as she rolled her hips. He bounded to his feet and pounced behind her, pushing his shaft down and shimming into place. Shannon kept her piercing gaze fixed on me as he grasped her hips. She squinted as he pried her clench. The corners of her mouth dropped, then turned up into a smile as he rocked forward. Her eyes opened again, peering into mine as his belly pressed up to her buttocks.

I'd seen a few porn flicks in my day, but I'd never been present—gazing into a woman's eyes as a man buried his cock in her. Shannon's gaze told of secret folds in her actuality where she hid facets of some alter ego—recesses of her conscience concealed from even her closest allies. They sparkled with tantalizing promise as she kissed my manhood mid-shaft.

Tom's loins slapped off her firm buttocks as he picked up his cadence. "Do it, babe," he whispered. "Take him in your mouth."

My lower lip trembled as she brought her precious pout an inch from my engorged bulb. I grunted as her breath wafted over it. With a gentle nod, she touched the cute hook at the end of her nose to the dry skin of my blunt tip and kissed the underside of my shaft again. "I'm gonna do it, Tom," she warned with her eyes fixed on mine. "Tell me now if you can't deal with it."

"Do it!" he pleaded. "I want you to."

My balls tingled as they shifted in my sac. I took in a deep breath as she opened her mouth. In a blissful instant she leaned forward and lunged over my knob, bathing it in moist warmth as her hair fell over my thighs. Tom moaned louder than I did as she bobbed up and down.

"Oh babe," Tom boasted. "That is so hot."

"Mm-hmm," she hummed with a slight nod.

"I can see your cheek quivering," he groaned. "Are you teasing his head?"

"Mm-hmm."

"I can't wait till he spurts his load all over you."

For a split second I considered not warning her before I let go, but she shot me a mischievous glance as she flicked my engulfed bulb. The tantalizing sparkle in her eyes intensified as she licked her way down my stiff tool, then back up. She lolled her tongue for a moment and plunged over half my length, wrapping her lips tight and sucking. I moaned as a precursor pulse jolted through my turret. Opening her mouth, she revealed a drop of pre-cum on her tongue. With a sexy smile, she swallowed and lunged again, kneading my sac with her fingers.

Pangs of elation tortured my tip with aching ecstasy as her tongue played beneath it. The tingling in my balls spread to my hilt, causing it to twitch and pulse. Just as I opened my mouth to warn her, she wrapped her lips tight, bobbed down, and hummed. I tried not to contort my face as a hefty dry-fire thumped in her mouth, but Tom picked up on it. "Careful, babe" he grunted. "He's gonna come."

"Mm-hmm," Shannon hummed, straightening her back so he could drive deeper.

"Y-you don't like—"

"Mm!" she peeped, wrapping her mouth tight around my girth and stroking with her thumb and forefinger. I let out a howl as the twitches in my hilt coalesced and my shaft jolted between her lips, spraying my bounty forth in spurting pulses of euphoria aided by the rhythmic cycle of her palm.

Tom watched as his wife guzzled my seedy salvoes. Shannon emptied my sac for all it was worth, peeping between gulps and sucking until my balls lowered in their sac and my thumps faded to wishful bumps. She rubbed her lips over my crown as she backed off. I managed to shoot a final arc of white across her cheek for good measure.

"Huh?" Tom asked, rolling onto his side to peer at the stripe running off her cheek. "I've begged you to swallow my cum. You always said you didn't like it."

"I got caught up in the moment," she replied, wiping her cheek with her finger and cleaning it with her lips. She leaned over and kissed his nose whispering, "I did it to excite you."

"It kinda hurts. I mean...it's like you'll do it for another guy, but not me."

"Relax, babe," Shannon insisted, rubbing her tummy. "Just think...I'm processing his proteins...making them part of me."

"His, dammit! Not mine. Why not mine?"

That was my signal to get lost. "I'll uh...see myself out," I said, gathering my clothes as Tom and Shannon started to bicker.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" she asked in a tone of disbelief. "You wanted this!"

"I wanted you to—"

"Oh, knock it off! Where did you think it was going? Now fuck me or I'm gonna have Sari do it!"

I finished tying my shoes as Tom climbed between her legs and broke into a hastened rhythm, grunting as he pumped her. Neither of them paid me any attention as I opened the door and stepped out.

Back in my room, I sat in my boxers flipping through television channels, unable to sleep. I knew I pushed for more than was being offered, but in my estimation, Tom should have known what would happen if he let his wife try out other guys. I reckoned his problems were just beginning.

When a knock came to the door I knew I was right. Looking through the peephole I saw Tom.

"Look," I said through the door. "We were all in agreement. I don't need any trouble."

"Open up," he answered. "Please, Sari."

Unhooking the chain, I opened the door to find him in a bathrobe. He barged in as I stepped aside.

"How did you know what room I was in?" I asked.

"It's the Bradford," he griped, stomping a bug with his bare foot. "There's only two rooms rented."

"Yeah, flag me five yards on that one." Closing the door I thought of what I might say next, but Tom spoke first. "Please!" he begged. "Help us out."

"Look, I-I didn't mean—"

"I know I was upset at first," he blurted. "But when I sorted it all out, I realized how exciting it was to watch her swallow your load. And Shannon...she sprayed like a cat in heat."

"You want her to...again?"

"I want you to make love to her. I want you to come inside her...a few times if you want. Just let me watch...and maybe take her in between."

"I know I shouldn't," I grumbled, rubbing my forehead. "But how am I supposed to turn down an offer like that?"

"You're not," he insisted. "She's waiting for an answer."

"Yeah, sure...let's go."

"No need," he replied, pulling his phone from his robe and tapping the screen.

A moment later another knock came to the door. Tom shoved past me and opened it to let Shannon in. She said nothing as she stepped up face to face with me, but the glint in her eye returned as she dropped her robe and cracked a smile. "What can I say?" she asked. "He kept nagging me."

My heart damn near stopped at the thought of inseminating such a beautiful woman's pelvic garden. Hers was exemplary—dewdrop in shape with delicate cambers framing and defining the bump of her tummy between the crests of her hips. Her lanky but fit legs allowed a slight gap between her shapely bare thighs, glistening with glossy smudges.
