 The time was the early sixties and the sexual revolution was in full swing. This is the true story of one of the original swinging couples as it was told to me. Only the names have been changed to keep me from being sued…. 

How It All Began

"My wife and I were introduced to the world of group sex by two close friends. We had known Barry and Edie for a few years and got together fairly often as the four of us got along beautifully. One day when he and I were alone, having coffee in a diner, he asked me if I would like to fuck his wife as he would love to fuck Terry. I told him that, as far as I'm concerned, I would love it but I didn't think my wife would go along with it at all. He smiled a knowing smile and suggested the following. Next time they come over to my place, he was going to bring over a few sex films for the four of us to watch. While watching the film, he would start making out with his wife and I should do the same with Terry. No switching wives or anything like that, Just sex between husbands and wives in front of each other. I was a little skeptical whether Terry would go along with the action but agreed to give it a try.

Saturday took forever to arrive and I was a little apprehensive about how my wife would react but decided to bite the bullet and give it a shot especially since it might lead to me having sex with Edie soon. She was a big, good looking girl, not fat but very busty with a great ass and legs. Slightly overweight but with a true hour glass figure that would be very comfortable. Finally they arrived and after some small talk, Barry mentioned that he got hold of some x-rated films that are supposed to be great and why don't I put them in the projector so we can see them.

After setting everything up and turning on the machine, I sat down on the love seat with Terry while Barry & Edie were sitting across the way on the couch. After a while, I noticed Barry squeezing Edie's massive breasts as they watched the action, which happened to be very good and was drawing remarks from Terry about how good looking and well built the couple in the film were. Then, Edie opened her husband's fly, reached in and withdrew his thick member and full balls and started playing with it. I watched for Terry's reaction and she was just staring at Barry's thick, hard organ and watching Edie play with it. Then she took my hand and put it on her breast and followed Edie's lead by taking my equipment out also and playing with it while we watched the movie and each other. 

Then Barry got up and helped his wife out of her clothes as he stripped also and the two got back on the couch and started fucking slowly and sensuously as they watched the film. Terry had leaned over and was licking my organ before taking the head in her mouth and I started to remove her clothes while she sucked me. Then I stripped also and sat back down on the seat as my wife sucked deeply on my thick organ and, when she had enough to eat, she got up and sat down on my erection so that her cunt was full of meat and went back to watching both the film and them. Barry was stroking in and out of Edie and she was moaning in passion as she watched Terry ride my cock. 

Then Edie cried out that her orgasm was approaching and she tightened her arms around her husband's waist and pushed her cunt against his ramrod as she wet him with her juices. Terry was watching her cum and got so excited that she went into orgasm and her pussy milked my organ as she deposited her juices on my shaft. I heard Barry groan and saw him stroke deeply in his wife's pussy as he began shooting his load into her. My wife's talented pussy was doing a magnificent job of milking me and finally I felt the rush as my orgasm hit and I flooded her pussy with jet after jet of hot cum which caused her to squeal in delight as each spurt splashed against her cervix. 

As I remember, we got dressed and spent whatever was left of the evening in pleasant conversation until it was time for them to leave. When we got into bed that night, I remember Terry reaching for my cock and then telling me that tonight was the most exciting sex she ever had and she was still very horny just thinking about it. I cuddled up to her and fit the head of my fully erect organ to her warm, wet hole and fed it inside as I held her close and told her that it was very exciting for me also and I couldn't wait until the four of us got together again next week.

The following Saturday night took a few months to arrive and Terry and I had quite a few good sex sessions during the week reliving the events of that night. Barry & Edie arrived at the appointed hour and, since he called me during the week and told me he was bringing more films, I was ready. Soon after they arrived, I put it in the projector and, as previously planned with Barry, he was going to sit on the couch with Terry and I would be on the love seat with Edie. The film was very horny and I couldn't resist cupping my hand under Edie's large breast and squeezing it while running my finger over the nipple which was becoming more and more erect through the fabric as I teased it. She relaxed up against me and reached down and cupped my crotch in her hand as I played with her breast and we watched the movie. I looked over and saw Barry sucking on my wife's nipple as she played with his exposed cock and balls. 

I had to undress Edie and lose myself in her sexy body so I got up and removed my clothes and helped her out of hers and then had her lay back and relax as I wanted to get to know her very well. I kneeled before her and licked and sucked her breasts and nipples before licking my way down her stomach to her close cropped pubic hair and down her clit, between her labia then her pink opening all the way down to her puckered asshole which I teased and licked before moving up to her wet and delicious slit. She was going wild as my tongue and lips investigated every part of her crotch and was moaning and telling me not to stop what I was doing to her as she loved it. I was facing away from my wife and had my head buried between Edie's thighs but I heard my wife groan out that Barry's cock felt so good inside her and I could visualize that sexy scene as I pulled on Edie's labia with my lips and let them snap back and then ran my tongue up and down her wet slit teasing her clit with the tip of my tongue. 

She was totally lost in pleasure and had her head thrown back in wild abandon as she fed me her cunt to worship. (It wasn't until later that evening that she told me that Barry doesn't go down on her often enough and she was in heaven when I was eating her and didn't want me to stop.) I fastened my lips to her rigid clit and sucked it like it was a miniature penis while I slid two fingers inside her hot vagina. I heard a whimper as she grabbed my head in her hands and pushed her cunt against my mouth and experienced a mind blowing orgasm, wetting my entire face with her tasty juices. I sat down next to her and she grasped my thick erection in her hand as we watched my wife sit on Barry's cock, facing us so we could see the expressions on their faces as they fucked. Barry was pulling on Terry's nipples as he met her every thrust with one of his own. Edie slipped down to the floor and got on her knees between my legs and started licking my balls as she fingered my hard penis. 

I watched the sexy scene before me as Edie started working on my shaft and her warm, wet mouth enclosed my cockhead and shaft and her tongue danced over the underside and around every part of the thick shaft. My wife was in the throes of passion and was humping Barry's large organ and taking it as deep as possible and then lifting up until just the tip of the head was inside and sinking back down on it with a gasp as his meat filled her hole with joy. Then she cried out and sank down on his organ as her orgasm overwhelmed her and her pussy contracted around the thick pole inside her as she came and came and came. Barry suddenly cried out that he was cumming also and his penis began spurting hot cum inside her as she was still in the clutches of pleasure which prolonged her orgasm even more. I pulled Edie down to the carpet and had her lay back as I fit the head of my cock to her wet and waiting pussy. 

I fed the head inside and then moved it back and forth until we were both nice and wet at which time, I fed her my organ inch by inch and looked into her eyes and saw the pleasure reflected there as I moved deeper inside her. When my cock tip brushed against her cervix, she squealed in delight and wrapped her legs around my body to keep me from pulling out. Her talented cunt was milking my shaft as she contracted her muscles and I was close to orgasm. She moved her hips sensuously as her pussy grasped my shaft and wouldn't let go. I suddenly started shooting ropes of hot cum inside her and she responded with a fabulous orgasm of her own which added more juices to the mix. 

After that evening was over and we were in bed, we talked about the experience and both of us decided that it was great and we couldn't wait to get together again. We got together with them for sex at least once a week either at their place or ours and then a month or so later, Barry had a newspaper with him loaded with personals of men, women and couples who were interested in getting together for sex. He suggested that we contact a couple and have them join us one night. We went through all the ads and decided on contacting one of the couples. We planned to set up a meeting at a coffee shop near my place so that if we all concurred, we'd be nearby. 

Barry answered the ad and called us a few days later telling us that he arranged a meeting for Saturday evening at 7 pm in the coffee shop around the corner. (You have to realize that, in those days, we had absolutely nothing to worry about sexually. Anything that you remotely might catch was cured with three shots of penicillin and most all the gals used diaphragms so we basically screwed bareback, wherever and whenever we wished. It was sexual heaven.)

The four of us got to the coffee shop early and got a large booth and sure enough, right on time a very attractive blonde couple entered the shop both wearing black leather jackets which was what they told Barry they'd be wearing. We motioned them over to the booth and everyone introduced themselves and they sat down to join us. Bob and Syl were very personable and we all fit right in with each other. I asked them how long they had been in the group sex scene and they said that they were still virgin since they only decided to try it a week or so ago and we were the first couples they ever met. After one cup of coffee, I was definitely in favor of bringing them back to my place and catching my wife's, Barry's and Edie's eye, I suggested that we pay the check and go back to my place where we would be much more comfortable.

When we were all comfortably seated in the living room, with either drinks or smokes, I turned on the projector and we watched sex films while kidding around and more or less getting ourselves in a sexy mood. The movie seemed to work once again as Barry moved over next to Syl and Bob leaned over and kissed my wife on the neck while cupping her breast in his hand. I motioned to Edie to join me on the love seat and she came over and asked if I would please suck her pussy like last time and the two of us stripped off our clothes and she sat down and spread her gorgeous thighs wide as she offered me her delicious pussy to suck while watching the action in front of her. Before the evening was over each of the gals had been well sucked and fucked and so were we. We parted with a promise to get together again soon with Rob & Syl and told them to keep their eyes open for more attractive couples as we were looking to expand our circle of sex. 

The Home Parties

The coming months were exciting as we met many couples through recommendations from other friends as well as answering ads and wound up in bed with them less than an hour after meeting them. We would usually meet for a cup of coffee or a drink somewhere in our neighborhood around 6 pm and Terry and I would glance at each other after about a half hour of conversation with them and know whether we both agreed to invite them back to our place or not. I would say that we had sex with about 25% of the couples we met through ads and 90% from friend's recommendations and, since we were meeting couples about three times a week, our group started to grow quite large. 

Then some friends of ours introduced us to Dick & Denise and our contacts multiplied by the hundreds as they had an address book of well over five hundred couples and were famous, in certain circles, for throwing large orgies at their loft for anywhere from 25 to 50 couples. Dick was a tall, average looking guy and had a cock that my wife raved about after our initial meeting. Denise was a knockout with a body to match. I thought she was Asian the first time we met but then realized it was because of her sloe eyes and the fact that she played on this by sometimes wearing a jewel on her forehead to accent the Asian look. 

She had small but beautifully shaped breasts capped by large nipples and a gorgeous body which she really knew how to use to satisfy her lovers. She was also bisexual and I watched her in play with 2 other gals and she got as much of a kick out of it as she did with cock. We got together with D&D quite often, either alone with them or in groups, and met some very interesting people through them. 

Although we got together with Barry & Edie quite often, since we usually either hosted or went to a party every Saturday night, we were either meeting new couples and some choice singles also, or having a couple over for an evening of pure pleasure one on one. The funny thing about it is that, after a party or after a couple left, Terry and I would be so horny for each other that we would have to fuck before going to sleep and, believe me, when my head finally hit the pillow I was out like a light. I remember vividly, one night in particular as it was a milestone in my development. We had invited a couple we knew over for a night of sex and when they accepted the invitation, they requested that they be allowed to bring along a single male friend as he would be terrific company and was a great lover. We agreed and when they walked in, they introduced us to Ralph, who was a tall good looking and well built guy. 

Tony & Tina mentioned that they were close friends of Ralph and that he usually joined them at sex parties. Once we were all settled in the living room with either drinks or grass, the conversation turned sexy and Tony asked Tina to strip to get things going. Once she revealed her gorgeous and sexy body, everyone was in the mood and I motioned her over to me as Tony started to undress my wife while Ralph ran his hands up and down her body. By the time Tina got over to me, I was already naked and my erection stood out before me. She dropped to her knees in front of me and started licking and kissing my full ball sack while lightly stroking my thick shaft. I held her head to my balls as I backed up and sat down on the sofa so I could relax and let her do me at her leisure. Meanwhile Terry was on the carpet on her back with Ralph fucking her and Tony feeding her his organ to suck. 

I asked Tina to trade places with me after some time, and busied myself between her thighs licking and sucking her crotch while listening to her moans as well as those of my wife's as Ralph pumped in and out of her wet cunt. I was totally lost in sucking Tina's pussy when I felt a warm mouth around my cock. I figured Terry had worked her way over and was sucking me and it felt so good that I was lost in pleasure and buried my face in the sweet cunt before me. It wasn't until much later that evening, when everyone had gone home, that Terry told me that it was Ralph who had sucked me off and that she had an orgasm watching me pump my cum down his throat. I told her that I thought it was her blowing me because it was a fantastic sucking. Just reliving it got us both horny and we fucked ourselves to sleep.

About ten days passed before Terry asked me to invite Ralph over for a threesome and I was surprised to find my cock growing hard when I thought about his talented mouth. I called Tony and asked if it was OK for Ralph to join us for a threesome and he immediately agreed saying that we won't be sorry as we would have a great time. He passed the phone to Ralph and I asked if he could come over tomorrow night to which he agreed. Our bell rang at the appointed hour and we greeted Ralph and sat down in the living room to talk. After a few minutes, Terry excused herself and said that she would be right back as she had something to do. I asked Ralph how long he knew Tony & Tina and he told me that they had met at a party a few years ago and enjoyed each other so much that he had moved in with them. As we were talking, my wife entered the room and both of us gasped as we looked at the sexy beauty walking towards us. 

She was only wearing a black garter belt, black silk stockings and black high heeled shoes and her gorgeous nipples were fully erect as she stood in front of us. Ralph reached out and ran his fingers over her short cropped pussy hair and then down her slit as he leaned forward and took her nipple in his mouth. I got up and removed my clothes and noted Ralph's eyes locked on my erection as it swayed in front of me. Then he stood up and got undressed and, as soon as he was naked, Terry took both of us by our fully erect organs and led us into the bedroom where she lay back on the bed and held out her arms to us. Ralph made himself comfortable lying between her outstretched thighs and began worshipping her pussy with his lips and tongue while I straddled her head and fed her my cock while watching Ralph busy at work. She had her head thrown back so that she could get my organ deep down her throat and was doing a wonderful job on my cock while moaning and moving her cunt over his face. 

He lifted her legs back and started probing her rosebud asshole with his tongue and then moved to her wet slit and dipped his tongue deep inside her hole and tasted her delicious juices as they flowed down. When he moved up to her rigid clitoris and took it between his lips, she went into orgasm and was lost in a sea of pleasure through spasm after spasm of fantastic pleasure. When she finally calmed down. she let my cock slip from her lips for a moment to catch her breath and without missing a beat Ralph covered the head of my organ with his lips and started nursing on the head while playing with my balls. Terry scooted out from underneath me and lay back on the pillows to watch him suck me while she fingered her pussy and tweaked her nipples. He had me right where he wanted me and I was totally lost in his beautiful sucking when I started to get the urge to suck his cock also and asked him to lay down so I could get at him too. 

I rested my head on his thigh and looked at his gorgeous cock and full, tight balls before I leaned forward and flicked my tongue over his cockhead to capture a drop of precum forming at his slit. When I took his crown in my mouth and began sucking him, I realized that I loved sucking his cock and worked my head up and down his thick shaft just as he was doing mine. I listened to my wife's moans and groans as she watched and fingered her cunt and told us how beautiful and sexy it was to see us sucking each other. We both came at the same time and I was surprised to find that I liked the taste of his cum and I swallowed every load he fed me as he did mine until our last spasms passed and we rested our heads on our thighs as we kept sucking each other even though our organs were beginning to shrink. 

Then we looked up when we heard Terry cry out and saw her fucking herself with four fingers in her cunt as she had her orgasm. We spent the rest of the evening pleasuring my wife and double fucking her at least twice. When Ralph left, Terry told me how exciting it had been to watch me suck another guy and asked if I enjoyed it. When I told her how much I enjoyed it she was happy and told me that it really turned her on. Although we met many, many couples and singles in those years, very few of the guys were bisexual or, at least, didn't own up to it while their wives or girlfriends were around. My wife had planned the whole thing and was overjoyed at my reaction. A new bi had been born!
