 Author's note: This story starts out slow and is not your wham bam sex story (I have others that can do that for you). There is plenty of sex, but it takes a while to get into it! Enjoy!

*

Northern Virginia is barely on the map when it comes to wine tasting. The wine produced there is excellent but when it comes to tasting wine, the French countryside is King and the northern California vineyards are Queen. There is no Prince. If there were a Prince, it would have to be either Australia, Chile or Northern Virginia.

As a result, Northern Virginia does not get a lot of respect for their wines. They do not compete with the likes of the King or Queen or even the also-rans of Australia or Chile. 

I am not a wine connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination. I simply had been drinking too much beer and my doctor suggested a glass of red wine instead. At a restaurant a few years ago, I asked for a glass of red wine and the waitress asked back simply ... "Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, or Pinot Noir?" 

I did not know the answer and my wife decided that we, really "I" had better learn a bit more about wines!

The best way to learn about wine and the lovely variety of wine is to attend a wine tasting. Just about every vineyard has wine tastings as that is their best chance to create a ground swell of popularity for their wine. For me, the best way to learn is to act natural and be myself ... a dumbass! Not rude, just dumb.

My wife, Karen, certainly knows a bit more about wine, but then there is the bullshit about how much time the wine spent in an oak cask and what the effect of that time was vs. the amount of time it spent in stainless steel. I checked on the internet and some of these folks can even get into the region of France that the oak cask came from and the age of the oak cask!! This was too much information for me. I did learn one critical element of wine tasting ... they want to sell you wine! Even I can understand that base economic reality.

Swine that I am, I surprised my wife by contacting her boss at the clinic to get her a day off. It was a Wednesday, and I woke her early to let her know that she could sleep in ... yes, convoluted but true! 

At 9:30, we left our home in Washington DC and headed out to the rolling hills of Virginia. There are many vineyards in those hills and I had selected10 from the internet. I did not expect to visit all 10 but at least we had a list with directions and addresses and could decide as we hit the road. We had a nice breakfast and armed with a cup of coffee each, conquered route 50 west in search of the first vineyard. 

All the vineyards are pretty much the same. They are farms with a processing plant attached plus a store/tasting room. We arrived at the first to find a young woman waiting to greet us. She was in charge of the wine tasting and her title was: Hospitality Manager.

She was friendly, eye-catching and knowledgeable about the wines. We learned all that we needed to know. She would pour us ¼ to ½ a glass of wine and we would sniff it, swirl it, and taste it. It is ok to pour it out if you don't like it. There even was a pottery jug to pour the wine out. They start out with the light color wines and work their way up to the red wines. I did not find a wine I didn't like and consumed every drop!

At the 3rd vineyard, we found out that sometimes the "hospitality manager" will join you for a glass of wine. That was fun as she sat down with us at a table, brought the bottles of wine over plus cheese and some bread to "clear our palette". We had a great time with her but more customers came in and she had to get back to work.

The 6th and last (because the wine was having an effect) vineyard had a unique name: Bare Mountain Vineyard. There was no Bare Mountain around, they just thought it was a cute name and it stuck. 

It was the smallest operation but also the oldest. The owner was also the hospitality manager and she met us at the door with a broad smile. 

"It is rare that I get guests on a Wednesday! Thank you for coming!" she intoned. 

Karen nodded back and thanked her for being open.

Looking at the clock, she smiled again "It is almost closing time so I think I will make you two my last customers."

"We don't mean to be a bother" I offered as I was ready to hit the road and head home anyway.

"Not a bother at all. Please, let's have a glass of wine or two and see if your taste buds are still alive" she laughed.

I nodded and looked around. The tasting room was perched on the edge of a hill that overlooked a pretty valley speckled with grape vine fields. In the distance, at the end of the valley, stood a tall mountain that might have been in West Virginia. The tasting room was made of honey-stained wood giving it a light and breezy air. The bar was long enough to have 5 or 6 tastings going at the same time! 

Her name was Toni and she stood 5 feet 8 inches with light brown hair tucked up in a bun on her head. She wore thick and exotic jewelry that caught Karen's interest immediately. As they discussed their mutual interest, I walked to the end of the bar. I could see down the distance of the bar and noted that she had taken off her clogs and stood tiptoed leaning over the bar toward my wife showing her a close up of her necklace. I could not hear them but knew that they were getting along instantly while I was left to ponder the fate of Iran or whatever popped into my mind. It was then that I noticed her slender legs. A lot more than Iran popped into my head at that moment!

Her calves were perfectly shaped and led to smooth knees. She wore a short off-white linen skirt. As she leaned over the bar more, I was treated to her sensual thighs that genuinely caused a stir in my loin which transcended to a bulge in my pants.

Given that I am a horny man and that skirt had ridden up as she bent over the bar, I could not help but look at the rest of the package! Her ass was tiny. I was shocked at how tiny an ass she had especially considering that she had a little paunch of a tummy and big breasts. She was disproportionate and I immediately assumed they were fake. As I inspected her, I realized that I was wrong. They just didn't stand up like fake tits. They seemed to be just big, full, round tits. 

I guess my mouth was hanging open or drool was flowing down my chest because Karen knew instantly what was going on and called for me to join her at the bar for the last day's tasting. 

The last of 6th meant that we had both consumed some wine, probably too much! Toni poured each of us full glasses of 3 Chardonnays from various mixtures. They all tasted the same to me as I am just not a Chardonnay drinker. Karen knew the differences and claimed to be able to tell the oaky taste of one over another. 

We chit-chatted a bit as I had become good at the wine talk. Each time Toni poured a glass, she would put her forearm on the bar, rest her breasts over her forearm and lean forward to pour the glass in front of us. The buttons on her blouse were open halfway down her chest. This gave me a great view of the top of her cleavage and the bulge in my pants was not going down. It was obvious that she wore no bra and it crossed my mind that there were several lonely rest areas where Karen might be induced to provide me a blow job on the way home! 

Toni and Karen had really hit it off and before I knew what was happening, Toni finished closing the store and invited us to a private tasting room where she kept some special whites and reds for special days. I followed Toni and Karen up some circular stairs to a loft above. I looked at my wife as she ascended the stairs. The rosy glow in her cheeks showed the effect of the wine. She had recently lost some weight to get down to a size 10 from a size 14. She would never get back into her size 8's that she wore before having our 2 kids. Then again, I'm no longer 175 pounds either! Her breasts bounded gently and her ass was meaty enough to grope. The key element of Karen was her broad smile. It could win over the meanest of curmudgeons. Karen did not have good legs and I always found it odd that I fell in love with a woman with thick legs when I absolutely love thin legs. It is odd how love happens. 

The special tasting room was filled with short small tables with cushions and pillows on the floor around them. We sat down and took off our shoes and socks. Toni left her clogs at the door and curled up her long legs under her showing a lot of tanned thigh as her knees bent beneath her. Toni poured 3 generous glasses of wine and we all drank and chatted. She noted that it gets hot up in the loft and opened a window. She unbuttoned her blouse another few buttons and Karen and I were treated to two of the sweetest tanned globes barely hidden by a thin blouse that anyone has ever seen. Karen was spellbound and I found myself watching her watch Toni. 

Karen too noted the heat in the room and she shocked me when she asked me to reach up under her T-shirt and undue her bra. I did and watched as she skillfully removed her bra without lifting up her shirt. Her nipples jumped out and poked through the T-shirt and my hard-on was raging in my jeans requiring an adjustment. 

Toni enjoyed the view of Karen's nipples and poured another glass of wine. This was a White Zinfandel with a hint of sparkle. It really was hot in the loft and Toni mentioned that coming there might have been a mistake. But the view of the mountains was extraordinary and we decided to stay a bit longer. It was obvious that Toni was not shy and had a wonderful tan with no apparent tan lines. 

Karen was not shy either and asked "Toni, you have such a golden tan, how do you keep this place going and have time to tan?"

Toni giggled. The wine was having its affect on her too. "I generally run this place by myself and I like nudity!" She dropped a shoulder and easily pulled her shirt collar over it revealing perfectly tanned skin. "See! No tan lines! I would much rather be naked than wear these awful clothes".

Before I realized what was coming out of my mouth, I said "Well, don't let us stop you!" I got an elbow in the ribs from Karen and realized that I sounded like a lustful idiot.

"Well, maybe just the top as it is awful hot up here" Toni stated with a giggle. 

It was too bad but she seemed to be teasing us and only fanned her face with a wine tasting program. "Have you heard of the Bavarian wine tasting method?" We both shook our heads. "It is really cool. You taste wine off of a person's skin".

"Really!" Karen chimed. "That's unreal"

"Yeah, kinda kinky" she nodded. "I saw a picture where this woman lay on her back and they poured a little wine in her belly button and licked it off."

Toni gently took Karen's hand and poured a few drops of merlot on the underside of her forearm. I watched in awe as she leaned forward and her long tongue snaked out and licked Karen's arm. I adjusted myself as I could no longer stand the pain of my hard cock in my pants.

"Would you two like to try?"

We both nodded as Toni unbuttoned most of her top exposing a tanned and taut belly. She surprised us by lying on her back and poured a small puddle of merlot on her stomach. I nodded to Karen who had no issue with going first. Toni's eyes closed to slits as Karen's tongue began her caress of Toni's skin. Initially her licks were gentle and careful but as the wine spread around a bit, Karen forgot all pretences and licked with the flat of her tongue. Based on the goose bumps, Toni was very excited by the licking. Her nipples hardened and poked the soft cotton top. There was nothing left for me to lick. 

We held our breath as she sat up and completely unbuttoned her blouse and slowly removed it. Her breasts were large and full and were capped with dark brown nipples. Between her tits were a smattering of freckles but there was one thing that was truly amazing about Toni's tits. Toni had the largest areolas we had ever seen. They were not half dollar or even silver dollar size, they were clearly 3 inches in diameter. I caught Karen licking her lips and she knew I saw her but she didn't care. 

Ever since Karen breast fed our babies, she has had this desire to suck a woman's breast. It has remained a fantasy that comes out when she is really horny. I could not believe the luck I was having being here with two beautiful women and one of them having just taken off her top!

Toni calmly poured another glass and offered it to me to taste. As she did, her breasts wobbled and Karen could not take her eyes off of Toni's areolas. "I think you would like to suck this down fast but I bet you would enjoy it more if you let the juices flow passed your lips and let them lick around the walls of your mouth." She then passed a full glass to Karen who now had beads of sweat on her forehead. 

When we each finished our glass, Toni reached forward and lifted Karen's T-shirt over her head as if it was the most natural thing for someone to do. Karen's generous white tits spilled out on display. Her pink nipples jutted out longer than Toni's and there was a beautiful, stark contrast between the two women. Each looked like they were going to devour each other. She was so taken by Toni that she reached out and hefted Toni's breasts with her hand. 

"Those jeans look too hot to stay in so why don't you take them off, too? And Jack? I'm dying to see that bulge." Toni said calmly with a slight smirk.

I felt like I was in a dream or a trance as I removed my T-shirt and jeans. When my jeans were off, Karen was already sucking Toni's nipples extending them longer and longer. I joined her and sucked the right one feeling Toni's long fingers stroke my hair. I reached between her thighs and found my wife's hand already there spreading Toni's engorged pussy lips among her hairless mound.

Together, we pushed Toni back onto the cushions and I returned to sucking her nipples alternating tits. Karen kissed Toni's knees and worked her way up her tanned, thin thighs to her neatly trimmed pussy. Toni's eyes closed and little mews flowed from her lips. With her thumbs, Karen spread Toni's lips and licked her deeply causing Toni to gasp. I felt Toni's hand on my cock and she began stroking from the base to the thick purple head. 

"Oh fuck!" exclaimed Toni as Karen moved up to licking her clit. "Oh fuck, yeah ... right there baby!" she called out. 

Karen kept licking and flicking with her tongue as she moved her middle finger between Toni's sopping pussy lips up to her g-spot. With a groan, Toni's juices squirted down her canal soaking Karen's fingers but Karen kept going, shoving two and then three fingers deep inside her. Karen is musical by nature and she worked Toni's pussy like a musical instrument. Her fingers got into an initial gentle rhythm. She stroked her and played her staying with her rhythm but as she felt Toni nearing climax, she increased her tempo. Toni's body convulsed and shuddered as a climax wave overtook her. 

She lay there for a moment. Her body glistening from the heat and the workout Karen had just given her. Her breath was ragged and her fingers were splayed over her toned stomach. Slowly she sat up and pulled her hair out of her bun from on top of her head and lay her head on my shoulder and took my cock in her hand. "mmm, this feels very nice Mr. Jack". My cock was rigid, thick and hard. I don't believe I had been this excited in months or maybe even years. 

Karen smiled at me as she and Toni forced me onto my back. Karen's white skin next to Toni's dark tan was sensual and erotic. I felt my cock throb. I watched as the women hugged over me and their heavy bare breasts mashed together as they kissed. Their tongues dove into the other's mouth as Karen kissed like I had never seen her kiss before. 

Toni smiled and whispered into Karen's ear and Karen nodded. Karen turned and leaned down to me as Toni jumped and trotted off to another room in the loft. 

"Trust me honey?" she asked.

"Of course I do, babe." I replied and we kissed and I felt her hot tongue enter my mouth. I closed my eyes as we kissed and felt a blindfold cover my eyes. "What the f " 

But she clamped a hand on my mouth and assured me that I would be fine as I felt my hands being spread and lightly tied to out to my side. 

It was Toni's voice in my ear and it was so close, I could feel her hot breath. "Baby ... Karen and I have lightly restrained you so that we can have some fun with you". 

I heard a vibrator going and Karen made a light moan. "This is a NICE vibrator!" It is so smooth. What is THAT toy??" 

I felt thin legs mount my chest. The odor of wet pussy wafted to my nose. "Mount it like I am mounting your hubby here. Jack, I need you to suck my pussy, ok, baby?"

I heard a hum very near me but it was louder than a normal vibrator. I could smell Toni's pussy even stronger as she sat facing my face and I lashed out with my tongue as she got nearer. Finally, she had her sweet pussy planted on my lips and I suckled on her pussy lips and clit like a hungry baby. My tongue explored her outer lips licking and sucking and soaking them to the moans of Toni above me. I could hear Karen getting very excited somewhere to my right and my hand touched her calf. 

"Turn it up ... but just a little ... ok?" I heard Karen say and the hum increased in intensity and so did Karen's groans. I kept licking and sucking and I hate to admit it but my mouth was getting tired and my dick desired some action. 

Suddenly Toni's thighs clamped on my head like a vise and her pussy juice exploded into my mouth and I heard her scream with joy though it was muffled by her thighs around my ears. I sucked down her juices and they were much sweeter than Karen's. 

As Toni collapsed on my chest, I could feel Karen winding up to maximum excitement. She kept repeating "Oh yeah ... uh huh ... Oh yeah" over and over and I have only heard her like that once or twice in our many married years. I heard Toni giggle as the hum increased and Karen started losing control. I could feel Karen humping whatever she was riding on and getting totally out of control and then she screamed. It wasn't a soft scream, it was a loud scream and in most any other circumstances, I would have been worried for her. A moment later, she collapsed beside me. 

I lay there, blindfolded and hands bound to something and my dick standing straight up in the air straining for attention. I had two exhausted and beautiful women, one on each side curling into my side like they are about to go to sleep. 

Toni slowly sat up and began stroking my cock and I thought I would explode. Karen snuggled into my side exhausted. Toni squeezed some jellee into her hand and worked it up and down on my shaft several times. 

She straddled my thighs and seemed to face away from me. I felt her hands on my thighs and then one hand reached back and held my cock as she lowered herself onto me. She was tight and then I realized she had pushed my cockhead up against her anus. Her sphincter was tight but the jellee did its job and my cockhead popped in and she grunted.

Slowly she pressed down and my shaft pushed deeper into her hole. I could tell she was frigging her clit the deeper I went. 

I heard Karen remark "ohh god that it hot". She took off my blindfold and I could see Toni's tanned backside as she squatted above my cock riding the head and about half my cock into her ass. She looked back over her shoulder and her face contorted as she took in my girth and more of my cock. 

As she reached the bottom, Karen leaned over to her and they exchanged a hot kiss. I was about to explode at any second from watching my sexy and curvaceous wife suck face with this tanned goddess. Karen gave me a knowing look that told me that though they were putting on a show for me, they were also enjoying what they were doing! Karen caressed my balls.
