 It was to be a night like any other for Augusta Sheppard.

When darkness had safely fallen, she stepped out of her front door and checked her watch, as she always did. It was ten o' clock. Time to hit the road.

The tall, slender woman climbed carefully into the driver's seat of her beloved car. The long, black gown she wore was slightly restricting; she was in danger of catching one of her pointed heels in the filmy fabric. Never mind, thought Augusta; she hoped soon to be rid of the constraints of her clothing.

Augusta started up the car engine. Its throaty purr did not sound too loud in the stealthy silence of night-time. Smoothly, she glided off, her headlights sweeping the darkness, illuminating the trees.

Within a few minutes, Augusta had left her home behind and was now driving along a narrow, country road that wound on and on for miles. She did not expect to meet many other vehicles on this journey; it was a road not well-used by travellers, except for a few, inconsiderate locals. No-one ever seemed to reduce their speed when they met her; they went whooshing past her big, cumbersome car without so much as a wave of recognition. Augusta considered this to be very dangerous, especially on corners. Surely they could see her headlights and perhaps slow down a little?

Well, let them be rude, Augusta told herself, as, right on cue, a red sports car swept past at high speed, nearly forcing her onto the embankment. Idiots! She didn't need them; these local fools, who thought they owned the roads. Tonight, as with most nights, Augusta was on the lookout for a stranger. Someone new to the area, someone young and male. They never seemed to ignore her once they discovered what she wanted from them.

She continued on her way, humming quietly to herself. Overhead, tall trees bent their heads together; almost joining, and forming a leafy tunnel that went on for miles. It could have been ever so slightly eerie for Augusta, driving along there on her own, but she felt no fear, only excitement and anticipation. There was something in the air tonight. She was certain to get what she craved for so hungrily.

Augusta did not have to wait long. A few miles further on, shortly after the lights of a farmhouse flashed by, Augusta saw that she was coming to a dark layby; a break in the roadside trees. And she gasped as her headlights picked out a tall figure standing in the layby; it was a young man, who immediately stepped forward as she approached. He shielded his eyes against the glare of the car lights, and gave a small, hesitant wave, his thumb aloft.

A hitchhiker! At this time of night, in the middle of nowhere! Augusta couldn't believe her luck and did not for one second question the wisdom of picking up a male hiker when she was alone and vulnerable. As far as Augusta was concerned, the young man was the vulnerable one tonight.

She slowed her car just beyond the layby and tooted her horn. The man sprinted a few yards to catch up with her. Augusta wound down the window; he leaned his head in and grinned sheepishly at her.

"Where are you headed?" Augusta asked him.

"I just need to get to the next village. The buses don't seem to run at this time of night."

"Mmm, I see," Augusta thought the shy young man to be rather handsome, with his short, brown hair and pale-blue eyes. This was The One, she was sure of it.

"Well, get in," she told him. "I'm going that way."

The hiker hesitated. "You don't mind?" He was shivering a little and seemed inadequately attired to be out on a chilly, autumn night; he wore jeans, and a t-shirt with a casual shirt on top. He was quite tall, with a slim physique, and there was some sort of adornment on a thong around his neck.

Augusta smiled wickedly. "I don't mind at all. It's my pleasure, in fact."

"Good. Thanks." The man opened the door and climbed in beside her. Augusta waited until he was settled, then she moved the car off once more.

At first, neither of them spoke. Then, out of politeness, Augusta's passenger tried to make friendly conversation. He told her, in a deep, Irish accent, which Augusta found very appealing, that his name was Richard and he was an agricultural student on placement in the area. Tonight he was due to meet a friend in the pub, and he was running a little late.

"Oh," Augusta tried to hide her disappointment. "A female friend?"

Richard chuckled. "I wish! No, it's my pal, Chris; he's doing the same course as me, but he managed to get digs in the village where the pub is - lucky bastard! I'm out in the sticks!"

Augusta said no more, but secretly, she was relieved to hear that there were two young males new to the area. This definately had potential.

Richard continued to chat as the journey wore on. Studying Augusta's elegant appearance, he asked her if she was on her way to a party.

"Something like that," she smiled. She felt she could listen to this boy's lovely voice for ever, and the intensity of his gaze, when he looked at her, sent shivers down her spine. But she remained aloof, preferring not to give away too much about herself.

Richard was asking her about the car.

"It's a beauty - you don't see many of them around. What is it, a Daimler? A real classic!"

"If you say so," Augusta stared ahead at the road. She was aware of the young man watching her intently. What was he thinking? Was he suspicious of her; did he think her strange, as all the rest did? Was he attracted to her, as they ultimately were?

"So, what's your name?" Richard asked.

Augusta popped a cigarette into her mouth, and her passenger obligingly leant forward and lit it for her. 

"That would be telling," Augusta said, between puffs.

"Ah, bit of a mystery lady, are you?" Richard was grinning; he really had a lovely smile. "Well, with that beautiful hair of yours, do you mind if I call you Scarlet?"

Augusta tried not to smile. Her glossy, auburn locks never failed to gain admiration from potential suitors. The hair reached quite a long way down her back when loose, but, for now, at least, she had it coiled up in an elegant chignon. Her fingernails, tapping against the steering wheel, were long and painted a dark red. Her body, concealed beneath her gown and a calf-length black coat, was slim and delicate. She knew only too well what an effect such beauty could have on a man.

Richard was still looking at her. There was no mistaking the lust in his eyes. "Hey, Scalet," he said, eventually. "I'm sure Chris would like to meet you. Why don't you let me buy you a drink, to thank you for the ride?"

The one we've just had, or the one that's still to come? Augusta took a deep breath as this thought came into her mind.

"I'd like that," She reached out and touched the boy's thigh. It felt firm and muscular; just the way she liked a man to feel. She was aware that Richard had tensed when her fingers made contact with his body. Normally, Augusta would have stopped the car and made a rapid move towards seduction at this point; perhaps caressing his crotch, where an obvious bulge was forming, and then undoing his zipper and going down on him.

But she restrained herself. She had to meet Chris first. Augusta hoped he would be as good-looking a young man as this one. She wasn't sure exactly how things might progress from here. However, she was certain of one thing - two lovers would most definately be better than one.

* * *

The small pub was fairly crowded, as usual. Chris drained his glass and ordered another pint. From his position near the bar, he could see the door and was keeping a close eye on everybody who came in.

Where the hell was Richard? He was late; had he missed the bus? There was little enough to do around here at the best of times; Chris didn't particularly want to spend the evening on his own in this God-forsaken place!

Taking his eyes off the door for a moment, Chris gazed critically around the pub. It was packed to the gunnels with old folk, and not a decent female in sight. Chris was beginning to wonder if there was anyone in this village under seventy. What was he to do if he got horny? At this rate, it'd just be him and an appointment with his right hand. Chris gave a bitter little laugh and raised the glass to his lips once more.

Then, suddenly, Richard appeared. Chris spluttered and nearly choked when he saw what accompanied his friend; only the most gorgeous, statuesque, thirty-something redhead he'd ever seen! What was that bastard Richard doing with a woman like THAT on his arm? The guy certainly had a smug expression on his face, so he must have pulled this beauty somehow.

"You took your time!" Chris slapped his friend on the shoulder; a friendly gesture, despite the stain of jealousy that crept over their meeting. "Who's your...companion?"

"Chris, I'd like you to meet - Scarlet." Richard beckoned Augusta forward; she smiled serenely. "That's not her real name, but she's a woman of mystery!"

"It's a pleasure!" Chris looked at Augusta, taking her in from head to foot. Strange get-up she had on; all that black, like she'd been to a funeral. But that red hair, those slanted green eyes, the amazing body - they were truly to die for. Or at least to masturbate over.

Straight away, Richard offered to buy his lift-provider a drink. She requested a gin and tonic, adding that she never usually went into bars because she had trouble getting the barman to notice her.

"That surprises me," murmured Chris. "How could a fox like you go unnoticed by any man?"

"So you're an Irishman too?" the woman purred in Chris's ear, while Richard was fetching drinks for them all.

Chris nodded. "Like that, do you?"

"I find it...appealing."

"Anything else you like about me?" Chris couldn't resist flirting with this babe. Christ, he hadn't been laid in weeks! The fact that this was a more mature lady, and a posh one at that, rather excited him.

Augusta licked her full, red lips. "Everything," she whispered, and reached out to touch his thigh.

Chris found himself with an instant hard-on. It almost scared him that his cock got so stiff, so quickly; an immediate response to this woman's touch. He gulped.

"Is there something the matter?" the redhead asked, in her deep, husky voice, stroking Chris gently.

At that moment, Richard returned with a tray of drinks.

"This'll keep us going!" he said cheerfully, seeming unaware of the sparks flying between his blond male friend and the stranger who'd picked him up. Neither of his companions said much for a time; they just stared at each other over their drinks. Richard kept the conversation going single-handedly for as long as he could. Eventually he ran out of things to say.

"I'm going for a piss - er, to the gents'," he said, noticing Augusta's feline eyes lingering over his body as he stood up from the table.

"Aye, me too!" Chris jumped up and followed his friend to the toilets.

Once in there, Richard turned on Chris, hissing:

"What d'you think you're doing? Don't leave the lady out there on her own!"

"Shit, Richie! I just had to tell you what she's been doing to me underneath the table!" Chris was red in the face, and his cock, when he took it out to pee, was as stiff as a board.

"Jesus, what HAS she been doing?" Richard's eyes almost popped out of his head at the sight of his friend's huge erection.

"She wants me. I think she's up for it!" With some difficulty, Chris let loose a long, yellow stream into the urinal. Richard did the same, scowling; now was his turn to be jealous.

"If you must know, she touched ME up in the car on the way here!" he said, not to be outdone. "Couldn't keep her hands off my dick."

"What d'you think we should do?"

Richard shrugged. "Find out if she IS up for it, I suppose. Take her somewhere quiet and try it on. Who knows - I might soon have her sucking on this!"

He wiggled his hips and his cock bounced from side to side. Chris stuffed his own hardened dick back into his trousers and grinned.

"You wish!"

* * * 

About an hour passed and several more pints of Guinness were downed before Chris and Richard felt brave enough to ask their female companion what her plans for the evening were.

She stretched out her long legs under the table, and the point of each high-heeled shoe pushed itself against the crotches of the two Irishmen.

"Well," Augusta said, smiling. "Anything - as long as it involves you two gentlemen!"

Chris and Richard looked at one another.

"Weren't you headed somewhere?" Richard asked, out of politeness.

"No. I've done what I set out to do, thanks." Augusta took a drink; her lipstick left no mark on the glass. "I don't suppose you need another ride?"

Richard nodded. "I think we might. Don't you, Chris?"

Chris was unable to answer. Augusta's toe was stroking his swollen cock through his pants and he was just about to burst. All he could do was groan urgently; his hands fell beneath the table to grab the exploring foot and pull it against his excited prick.

"Where shall we go for this 'ride'?" Richard murmured, fixing his gaze on Augusta's sultry face.

"I know just the place," she replied.

Chris shuddered as the stroking of her foot increased its pace. "Christ!" he moaned. "I don't believe it - she's jerking me off right in the middle of the bloody pub and no-one's even noticed!"

He was so aroused now that he didn't ponder for long on the strange fact that, gorgeous and unusual-looking though she was, not one other person seemed to have acknowledged Augusta's presence. No one smiled at her or even stared; they just pushed past her as though she wasn't there. There was, however, no danger of Chris ignoring her; not with her foot working his cock into a frenzy like that.

When he was finally unable to take any more of this tantalizing exploration, Chris leapt up. The bulge in his pants was extremely obvious. 

"We need that lift now," he said roughly.

The woman in black stared at him. Her red lips parted.

"I can see that you're ready," she said. "It's definately time."

* * * 

Augusta drove back along the same route she had taken earlier, at a slightly higher speed than before. Beside her sat Chris, immensely excited, his hand stroking her thigh.

In the back seat, Richard sat quietly, seeming deep in thought. Augusta caught sight of his serious face in her rear-view mirror, and smiled.

"Is something bothering you, my darling?" she asked.

Richard shook himself from his reverie. "No. I - I was just wondering where you're taking us, that's all."

"This is such a cool car!" Chris looked like a little boy on Christmas Day. "I can't believe we bumped into a posh piece of skirt like you!"

Augusta took hold of the hem of her gown and pulled it upwards, exposing the top of a taut, white thigh. Chris began to breathe heavily, placing his hand onto her cool, bare flesh.

"I want to fuck you, Scarlet!" he said, with determination. 

Augusta did not respond. She took the car off the main road and along a rough, muddy track, which wound deep into the woods. The vehicle bumped its way along, and the passengers held on for dear life until Augusta finally brought the car to a halt.

They were in a clearing, lit faintly by the glow of the moon. Not far away stood what was left of an old stone cottage; some crumbling walls, the suggestion of a doorway and windows. There was no roof; that had long since disappeared.

"Classy place!" said Chris, catching Richard's eye and making a face, as they exited the car.

"It'll do. Follow me." Augusta led the way through the gaping doorway and into the skeletal remains of the cottage. Inside the derelict walls there was nothing left of what had once been a dwelling-place. The only inhabitants now were small, wild creatures, who scuttled away into dark corners as the humans approached.

The moon provided adequate illumination, but there was a definate chill in the air.

Richard shivered. "Bit cold, isn't it, pet?"

"Why don't you light the fire?" Augusta gestured to the remains of a fireplace in one wall. The chimney had fallen in, but the grate was still in place. Richard set to work, gathering up small twigs and branches, dead leaves, moss; anything that would burn and sustain a flame.

"Make yourself at home." Augusta swept her arm in a circle, indicating to Chris that he should sit down. 

"Er, OK," he said, doubtfully. There didn't really seem anywhere to sit, but he was so horny, he'd just have to make do and hope that Augusta joined him. A large, soft mound of fallen leaves near the fire appeared to be the most likely place. Chris sat himself down, sinking into the leaves, which crackled and shifted beneath him. He beckoned to Augusta.

"Why don't you come and lie here with me?"

"In good time," she said. "I must warm myself first."

Richard had managed to get a small fire going. Tiny flames leapt up and the dry branches and leaves caught, flaring up cheerfully and sending out a pleasing, smoky aroma.

"That's a belter, isn't it?" Richard said, watching it, his face glowing orange in the light it produced.

Augusta stared at him, taking him in. Tall, athletic, dark and handsome. He was quite a find.

"Come here," she said. "I want you."

She opened her arms to him. Richard was compelled to go to her. He seemed mesmerised by the pale beauty of Augusta's face; illuminated, as his was, in the vivid glow of the fire. Before he could touch her, she freed her hair from its chignon; shook loose the long, rust-coloured tresses, which tumbled down her back, reaching almost to her buttocks. 

Richard put out his hand and gently stroked her cheek. She lifted her chin, an imperious look on her face.

"If I find out you're just teasing us..." began Richard.

"Is that what you think of me, that I'm a tease?" Augusta snapped. Her eyes were suddenly aflame, like the small bonfire in the grate.

Then, as the men watched, Augusta shrugged off her coat. She reached around her back, plucked at the fastenings on her gown. With a silky sigh the garment slid from her narrow shoulders and down to the ground, pooling at her feet like a dark shadow. Underneath the dress, she was naked.

Chris bit his lip. "Oh, fuck!" he muttered.

Augusta thrust her breasts forward, proudly. Her nipples were hard as bullets in the coolness of the night air. Her skin glowed with an radiance that came from within. Between her long legs, a small, neat patch of dark hair hid her most intimate places.

Richard couldn't help himself - he had to have her now. Striding forward, he grabbed Augusta by the shoulders and pulled her towards him for a kiss. His mouth opened on hers, and his tongue moved between her gasping lips, exploring every nook and cranny of her moue.

Augusta sighed and responded, pressing her body against the tall Irishman, yearning to feel his hardness, acheing to release him from the confines of his clothing.

From his position on the pile of leaves, Chris watched, spellbound, as his friend caressed the naked woman's firm breasts. Richard then bent his head to take Augusta's hard nipples in his mouth, sucking first one, then the other, teasing the swollen nubs with his tongue. Augusta's head fell back. This was what she had been craving more than anything; this was the ultimate pleasure for her.

Richard moved his mouth over her body, kissing her silky collar bone, throat and shoulders. She urged him on breathlessly, parting her legs, wanting him to touch her acheing pussy. When he finally did, she cried out; the sensation of his long fingers probing her swollen lips and clit was exquisite.

"Make love to me!" she gasped. "Quickly!"

Richard began to unzip himself as Augusta looked round for somewhere to lie. She sank down onto another pile of leaves and spread her slender legs wide, touching her moist pussy, using her fingers to part the furled petals of her labia.
