 Mrs. Mendez was the mother of one of my college friends, Tim. We were all town kids going to the local college, so had bonded in our freshman years. We often spend football Sunday's alternating between each others houses, enjoying snacks and sports and enjoying being young. We often gathered at the Mendez house. Eric, the father, was some sort of VP in a high tech company who traveled a lot. Tina, the mother, was a paralegal, working for a local law firm. It was a great gathering space since the Mendez's had a beautiful backyard for barbecues and very large great room with three full size couches and a giant TV screen.

Neither of them was adverse to letting us drink adult beverages though they always encouraged responsibility. I don't drink so I was often the designated driver to make sure everyone got home safely on the rare occasion someone over indulged. Today was a good day though, since most of the people were planning to head to a local sports bar to celebrate the unexpected win.

The win came in the final minutes of the game, with a great come from behind effort from our college team, and wrapped in that win was an unexpected gift. A gift I intended to follow up on. As the final minutes ticked down Tina Mendez, perhaps under the influence of a margarita too many, offered to wager anything that her team, the opposing team from her alma mater, would hold on their lead. The wager went unnoticed in the heat of the sudden victory and was largely forgotten as everyone headed out the door. I tapped one of my friends, Jesse, to stay with me and help Mrs. Mendez clean up.

As we gathered the scatted cups and plates, picked up the bits and pieces, ran the trash out, I gave Jesse a short notice. "Just follow my lead."

Now, I always enjoyed flirting with Mrs. Mendez. Despite the age difference between us we had a bit of raw chemistry. She was an attractive woman, with dark shoulder length brown hair, expressive eyes, and that full set of curves that Latina women can carry. She was also a bit of a tease and today had been no exception. Here blue jeans were a little tight, to show off her round ass, and the jersey of her alma mater had been strategically cropped short to flash her taut abs when she jumped up and down, then notched and ripped at the neckline just an inch or two to far the accentuate her cleavage.

Nothing over the line, but enough to take it up to line and tantalizingly tease us with what lay under it. She seemed to enjoy the tease as well and, among our friends, we often joked about it and used it to tease Tim about. She'd been particularly flirtations today, enjoying the attention she drew from our group, both men and women, and the occasional teasing flirt from one of us. She'd chest bumped a few of the young women of our circle of friends, fielded more than one sincere compliment from them, and as everyone filed out each of them got a full body hug.

She was a master at flirtation, always skirting the line, just about to cross it, then a playful pullback. Jesse and I finished helping with the clean up and made our way to the door with her standing between us, arm interlocked with each of us as she thanked us. That full body hug was every bit as nice as it looked as she first hugged Jesse and then me.

"Mrs. Mendez," I said as we stood at the doorway, "I'm feeling guilty about leaving you here alone are you sure you don't want to come down to the bar with us, you would be more than welcome?"

"Oh, thank you." She replied, "But you really don't need me hanging around. I am sure you've got a couple of young women just waiting for you to show up. I think Crystal has a thing for you."

I laughed. Crystal did have a thing for me and she proved it often enough, either with her mouth, or on her hands and knees. I didn't mention it though. Then, standing there are the door, I turned as if I remembered something. Jesse paused as well.

"Oh, Mrs. Mendez, that reminds me. I seem to recall a bet there is the last minutes of the game." 

She laughed. "It was the heat of passion!"

"I seem to recall that the wager was "whatever you want" if we pulled that win off?"

Her eyes flashed.

"I never welch on a bet, what is it you want?"

It was my turn to smile and I held her eyes with mine.

"How about another one of those delicious hugs?" I opened my arms wide.

She laughed and stepped into my embrace and folded my arms around her, pulling her in tightly, pulling her in tight. She leaned into me, her head on my chest.

"Now, Jesse needs in on this awesomeness." I said, wrapping my arms tighter around her as Jesse moved in behind and embraced her tightly as well, sandwiching her between us.

"Oh!" She exclaimed.

Holding her there, trapped between us. I leaned down and whispered in her ear.

"Mrs. Mendez? You make a delicious Latina sandwich."

"You boys are so bad!" She said, playfully slapping my chest.

There it was. That moment of decision. If I was write, well things were going to move very fast. If I was wrong, there probably wouldn't be any more invitations to the Mendez house for Jesse and I.

"You have no idea Mrs. Mendez." I said, "You see, Jesse and I like to do this thing...".

I felt her stiffen, just slightly, in our embrace.

"What thing?"

Time to go all in.

"We like to fuck the same woman, at the same time."

She froze. Rigid in my arms.

"It's your choice." I told her. "But, we really want to just take you and fuck you senseless, right here, right now."

She stood there in silence for what seemed like an eternity. I swear I could hear her brain spinning inside her head. Then I felt her just sort of melt against me. Jesse, looking over the top of her head, wiggled his eyebrows at me.

Between the two of us we scoped her up and carried her into the great room we'd all just left, to one of the long couches, then all sat down, with her between us. I curled my hand into her long dark hair, tipped her head back and turning it, then kissed her, deep and full on the mouth. The kiss was soft and gentle, with rising urgency, and her lips parted and her tongue slipped into my mouth.

While I was kissing her, Jesse went to work. He slipped off the couch and knelt before her and started to undress her, first her shoes and socks, pulling off and tossed aside, then reaching up to her jeans. Her hand fluttered out as if she wanted to stop him, but her gently brushed it aside. Four buttons later and he lifted her slightly at the hips and pulled her jeans down, exposing her black lace panties. 

I parted from the kiss and peeled her jersey off over her head, exposing her black lace matching bra. Her eyes suddenly went wide and looked down as her body jolted. Jesse had wasted no time. Her panties were pulled aside and his mouth was on her pussy. Wild-eyes she looked at me. The reality of what she was doing shot through her as Jesse's tongue went to work. Her head kind of tipped back and her eyes closed and a soft little moan escaped from her.

I leaned in and kissed her deeply again and this time there was a real hunger in her kiss. I unsnapped her bra and with her helps peeled it away. Her breast was warm and soft in the palm of my hand as I cupped it, then ran my thumb over her nipple. After a moment, I leaned down and took it in my mouth, sucking it lightly and running my tongue with tip as it hardened. I alternated between breasts, between sucking and licking them and kissing her. 

She was full on moaning now as Jesse ate her pussy, holding her hips in his hands, her legs draped over his shoulders, squirming as her thighs tightened around his head and pinned him in. We slowly worked her until her nipples were hard and you could smell the sweet scent of her lust rising in the room. I am sure she was dripping all over Jesse's tongue.

I stood up and quickly stripped. She stared at me as I finally peeled my shorts down and my hard cock popped free. The boxer were around my thighs when her mouth closed on the head of my cock, sucking at the swollen tip.

"Oh fuck." I exclaimed. She drew me deeper into her mouth and begin moving her head back and forth, sliding up and down the shaft, her tongue tracing wet lines around it, along it. I cupped the back of her head in one hand and slowly urged her deeper. She willingly complied, taking as much of my cock into her mouth as she good, sucking and tonguing it, her hand curled tightly around the base of my cock, her other hand cupping my full balls.

I glanced back at Jesse he was busy tonguing her clit, two of his thick fingers plunging in and out of her, dripping wet.

She cried out incoherently when she came, her head snapping back, my cock coming out of her mouth with a wet pop. Jesse stopped, his fingers buried all the way inside her as she thrashed about. With a soft laugh he stood up, pulling his fingers slowly from the clenching grip of her pussy.

We paused long enough for her to stop shaking and catch her breath.

"Oh my god." She said.

Jesse and I switched places. His cock was so hard it was curved upward. She opened her mouth and went all the way down on it in a single stroke, her throat working as she took every hard inch of him, his balls nestling against her chin. I stood there for several minutes, calming down a bit, slowly stroking my cock, wet from her saliva, as she deep-throated him with long stroked of her mouth, over and over.

I moved down and spread her legs wide, then moved forward to nestle the head of my cock against her pussy. Her hips rolled in anticipation, trying to force it deeper, moaning plaintively around Jesse's cock. I leaned in and penetrated her with a long single thrust. She was tight and hot and dripping wet. Her eyes popped open and she looked at me, wide eyed, as her pussy stretched to fit around my shaft.

I placed a hand on each of her hips, pinning them down, and I started to fuck her with long, slow, deep thrusts, pulling nearly all the way out before plunging back in. Jesse took her head in both hands and we started to fuck her in tandem, my cock going in as Jesse's slid out and then back again, me sliding out and Jesse sliding in. We kept up that rhythm for a while, and then Jesse pulled back, his cock popping out of her mouth. I pulled back, my own cock sliding out, the lips of her pussy clinging to the sides of the shaft.

We flipped her over onto her stomach, lifting her hips so that she was kneeling, and then Jesse and I took turns fucking her from behind. She was moaning wildly now and thrusting back. Each time we switched she would squirm in anticipation of the other cock and then let out a long moan when another slid into her. 

She didn't last long before the next wave of pleasure swept over her, again, her body trembling and shaking in the grasp of her orgasm. We let lose then, still taking turns, pounding into her wet cunt, driving her through several body shaking orgasms, until finally she collapsed, face down on the sofa.

We gave her a moment to recover, then slowly slid her to the edge of the couch, rolling her over onto her back. Jesse cupped her head, holding her in place, letting her softly suck his cock, her pink tongue working the head. With a gutteral groan he came, pumping her mouth full, smearing it along the shaft of his cock. She swallowed what she could, the rest smearing across her lips and chin.

I moved forward for my turn and she obligingly opened her mouth. I came faster than Jesse had, only a few slow strokes of her mouth and then my cum pulsed out of me and into her mouth, mingling with Jesse's. Again, she swallowed what she could and the rest smeared across her face. We lifted her from the couch and laid her on the floor, both of us laying down and wrapping our arms around her, telling her how good she was, how hot she was, how nasty she was.

She lapped up the compliments like a kitten, then fell asleep there between us. Once she was out, Jesse scooped her up in his arms and carried her into the guest bedroom, laying her on the bed and covering her naked and gleaming body with a towel. I used a warm wash cloth to wipe the cum from her face and clean her up, then we both kissed her softly on the forehead and let ourselves out.