 Chelsea and George walked up the marble walkway towards Mr. Nico's home. It was a large modern home in the countryside. George would guess it was over ten thousand square feet. Mr. Nico was one of George's most wealthy clients. George worked as an international lawyer and assisted his clients when issues of a multi-nation situation occurred.

Chelsea was wearing a slinky black dress. She had six-inch heels and her hair was curled around her face. George smiled. He was very lucky to have a mistress so willing to travel with him and so willing to obey his wishes, or more like obey the wishes of his boss.

It had been a few months since the last time Chelsea had met George. George knew that Chelsea would say yes, but it was still amazing that she was willing to do anything for him. Tonight he was going to find out how willing she really was.

"Welcome. Come in. Down the hall and to the left. The boys are waiting." Mr. Nico shook George's hand warmly and smiled nicely at Chelsea. Chelsea smiled back. He was a short round man with graying hair. She knew the sort of work that he did, but was not afraid of him. He had an expensive suit on and kissed her cheek.

Chelsea and George entered the billiards room and looked around. There was an elegant mahogany billiards table in the middle of the room. One wall had a set of bookcases while the opposite side had large leather chairs. The other two walls had floor to ceiling windows with thick dark velvet curtains. George immediately noticed a small bar in one of the corners and walked over to get a drink. Chelsea immediately noticed three young men standing with their cues.

"Let's watch the game." Mr. Nico beckoned to the couple to sit in the leather chairs. Chelsea sat in the middle with George on her left and Mr. Nico on her right.

"That's Anthony, Giovanni, and Joe. Very trusted employees. Currently they are my bodyguards whenever I leave my home."

George smiled and held Chelsea's hand. Mr. Nico watched as the three young men tried to pay attention to the game. They were very skilled Billiards players, but having a young woman there wearing almost nothing was extremely distracting. Each man made similar mistakes and soon the game was almost even.

"Shall we tell her the plan?" Mr. Nico smiled at George.

"Chelsea my dear. Mr. Nico and I need to have a meeting. We would like you to entertain the young men. I'm sure you can figure out how to best keep them happy."

Chelsea's eyes went wide. She had never been asked to have sex with anyone else. She had to think of the best way to answer. She was very attracted to all three of the men. They were all tall and muscular and very sexy with their dark eyes and hair. She also did not want to sound too excited since she did enjoy the one on one time she had with George.

"Of course. Anything for you."

"Good girl." George kissed Chelsea on the top of the head and stood up, letting Mr. Nico lead him towards one of his offices. A few seconds after the businessmen left the room the three players stopped their game.

"Your Chelsea right? You are so fucking sexy in those heels. Get over here." Chelsea stood up and walked towards the pool table. She swayed her hips a bit and gasped when one of the men picked her up by the hips and places her on the table. In one motion, he pushed her onto her back and lifted her dress.

"We get to keep you busy while our boss talks business with his lawyer. I'm sure you won't mind."

"I'll do anything." Chelsea gasped again as one of the men pushed her panties to the side and began licking her clit. She arched her back and opened her mouth to moan. She had her eyes closed and when she felt a smooth hard object in her mouth, she knew it was one of their cocks.

"How does she taste Tony? I bet she tastes sweet and young. I wonder if she's even eighteen."

Chelsea turned her head to the side. "I turned twenty last week." She then eagerly began sucking on the cock again. She did not even know his name, but did not care.

"Fuck she sucks cock so good. Joe, take off her dress. I want to see those breasts." Chelsea felt Joe remove her dress. Guiseppe's cock slide out of her mouth just long enough for her black dress to be pulled over her head and thrown on the ground. She was not wearing a bra so she was lying in only her black lace panties and high heels.

Chelsea was in pure heaven. She squirmed around, feeling two sets of hands and two tongues all over her body. Guiseppe was playing with her blonde hair, tugging on it to make her suck harder.

"Oh fuck she just gushed!" Tony growled as he tried to catch the droplets that were dripping from her pussy. Chelsea had had a quiet orgasm and had gushed slightly. He thrusted three fingers inside her and pushed up on her g-spot.

"Can I fuck her first?" Joe was tugging on her nipples. It was the exact amount of pressure to cause her to squirm. Even after the breast augmentation, her nipples were sensitive. She was eagerly slurping on Guiseppe's cock.

"Yeah sure." Chelsea felt Tony's hot mouth move from her pussy and then felt a hard cock enter her. She kept sucking on the cock in her mouth, wondering when he was going to cum. Almost as if they had timed it, Joe slammed deep into her pussy while Guiseppe came into her mouth. It was not a lot of cum and Chelsea eagerly swallowed all of it. He pulled his cock out of her mouth

"Good girl. Now sit up and let us fuck you." Chelsea sat up. Her legs were spread wide and her butt was hanging off the edge of the pool table a bit. Her high heels were against the edge, creating a sexy image. Joe was thrusting hard and fast.

Chelsea saw Guiseppe and Tony behind Joe. They were waiting their turns, cock in hand, stroking hard. All three of them were still dressed in their suits and ties. The only change was that the zippers of their pants were undone, exposing their cocks. She could not see what Joe's cock looked like, but she figured it was long and not so thick. She wasn't feeling stretched, but he was so deep inside her it almost hurt.

"Oh!" Chelsea cried out and came again. She did not know if she was allowed to cum, but the three men just grinned. They were turned on by how orgasmic she was.

"I'm going to flood your pussy with all my hot cum!" Joe thrusted one last time and exploded inside her. He was barely finished when he stepped to the side and Guiseppe thrusted his cock inside her. His cock was thick, but on the shorter side. She had her hands behind her balancing on the pool table. Her juices were dripping down her inner thighs and she knew that it was staining the expensive velvet. Guiseppe fucked her so hard and fast. He was rough with her, pinching her nipples.

"You love this don't you? You love being gangbanged. Tell me you like it."

"I love it. God I love being fucked." Chelsea's pussy was on fire. She was so aroused and each thrust gave her a tiny orgasm. She was on the brink of orgasm when Guiseppe thrusted one last time, pushing hard then groaning.

"Oh yeah baby. Feel my cum inside you." Chelsea barely had time to recover when Tony thrusted his cock inside her. He was the thickest of all three of them and she winced. Her pussy lips were stretched tight around his cock and he tilted forward enough that his pubic bone rubbed her clit. 

Chelsea's body was covered in sweat. She came again. This time she held her breath. She was dizzy, tired, and sore. Tony did not stop. He continued to pound her. Chelsea could hear the other two men jerking their cocks.

"Oh fuck!" Tony came inside her and then pulled away. Chelsea opened her eyes. His cum was oozing out of her pussy. She felt so wet and so horny. She shifted her eyes from one man to the next. Each was still hard and their cocks were oozing precum.

"You're an amazing fuck Chelsea." Tony was about to say more when the doors opened. Mr. Nico and George entered. Chelsea blushed a little. She was not embarrassed about being naked in front of them. She was embarrassed at how hot and sweaty she was.

"We need to go Chelsea. I'm sure Mr. Nico will invite us back." Chelsea only nodded and watched as her boyfriend dressed her and led her to the front entranceway. Her legs were shaking and she felt a thin stream of cum oozing down her legs.

She slid into George's expensive car, watching as the three young men grinned from ear to ear. She had enjoyed her evening on the pool table.