 Five bucks didn't seem like a win after all the money he had pissed away on lottery tickets, so Quincy just figured to let the state buy him a beer at the local topless bar. The "Loony Bin" was nothing more than a converted truck garage with a plywood bar and a cheap plywood stage for the girls to dance on to the blasting stereo. At five bucks a bottle for beer, which was all that they served, the place was a real moneymaker. Nobody complained because the dancers were usually worth the price. When the girls weren't dancing, they served the beer dressed in the skimpy outfits that they stripped out of when they took their turn on the stage.

It was only four o'clock and already the place was packed. Quincy found a vacant stool at one of the tables a distance from the bar and immediately became engrossed in the tiny brunette who was giving it her all up on the cheap stage. She had perfect half cantaloupe shaped tits, topped with tiny pink nipples, an ass that made your teeth ache, and a pair of firm, shapely legs, all packaged into a frame of about five feet. Even from as far away as he was sitting, he could see the sexy flash in her bright blue eyes and the look of invitation on her cute face.

His attention was riveted to the little brunette until a leggy redhead came up to take his order. She made a great show of emptying the ashtray, picking up the empty beer bottles, and wiping off the tabletop. She obviously enjoyed showing off her magnificent, freckled breasts barely contained in a skimpy halter-top. When she had finished her mundane tasks and turned to ask what he wanted to drink, he was transfixed by her pale green eyes. After a moment's hesitation, he stammered out his order.

When she turned and headed back towards the cooler, he watched her leave, admiring her firm back, well turned bottom and long legs as she maneuvered through the crowd. Her exit was every bit as good as her entrance.

After a quick scan through the smoky darkness, looking at the other waitress-dancers, Quincy determined that the tiny brunette on the stage was the pick of the litter, with the long legged redhead a close second. Just to make sure, he watched the fire-tressed beauty as she wove her way back through the throng with his beer. When he stood to get his wallet out to pay her, he was eye level with her collarbones. As he looked down to pull the money out, his eyes stopped momentarily at her two generous, freckled mounds and he could see that her nipples were beginning to harden.

She took the five-spot and the dollar tip that he offered and looked closely at his hands. She leaned over and yelled in his ear to be heard over the din of the stereo, "What size shoes do you wear?"

"Size seven and a half, why?" he yelled back.

"Just wondering. You gonna be here for long?"

"Till I finish my beer."

A few minutes later, she returned and sat another beer in front of him.

"What's this for?" he asked.

"I have a favor to ask of you. I'm off in twenty minutes, would you like to meet me in the parking lot?"

"Sure," he said.

Out in the parking lot, a little later, Quincy was leaning against the fender of his car when the tall redhead came around from the back of the building, still looking quite sexy in tight jeans and a short leather jacket. "Hi, my name's Tanya," she said.

"I'm Quincy," he said, offering his hand.

"I need to ask you a question," she said, taking his hand. "I hope you won't be offended by it."

"Does it have anything to do with my shoe size?" he asked.

"Yeah," she said. "I've heard that guys with small feet have small dicks. Is that true?"

"My grandpa always told me, `If you can't cut the mustard, you can always lick the jar,'" he said.

"Ooh," she shivered, "I like that attitude in a man. Do you remember the little dancer that was on stage when you came in?"

"How could I forget her?"

"She's my roommate, Jenifer. She's never had a good lay because she's got the tiniest little pussy and every guy she's tried to fuck has almost split her in two, if he could even get it in at all. The poor thing has all but given up on sex and has been relying totally on her `Slim Jim' vibrator and whatever pleasure Shannon, our other roommate, and I can give her."

"And you want me to help her give up the vibrator habit."

"Exactly."

"Well, I don't know," Quincy grinned, "but I'll give it my best shot."

"Great!" Tanya said. "Follow me."

He followed Tanya out of town, up a windy road to a small house nestled in a grove of trees. They were greeted at the door by a sweet looking blond wrapped in a terry cloth robe. "You must be Shannon," Quincy said as she closed the door behind them. "I'm Quincy."

"I thought that maybe Jenifer would like to meet him," Tanya said.

"He's adorable. I think this might work out," Shannon said. "I was just about to jump into the hot tub, would you like to join me?" She dropped her robe to the floor, revealing her total nakedness, then pressed herself up against him, rubbing her firm teacup tits into his chest. "Why don't you get out of those clothes so we can get hot and wet."

"You bet!" Quincy said. He started pulling his clothes off and leaving a trail. As he followed Shannon towards the hot tub, he couldn't help but admire her symmetrical, well-rounded ass and the delicious gap that showed between her legs as she walked.

"I'll grab us some beers," Tanya said, heading for the kitchen.

No sooner were they in the steamy water than Tanya walked out, stark naked, with three beers in her hands. Quincy was not the least bit disappointed when he looked up at the tall redhead and was greeted by the triangular thatch of fiery red hair at the apex of her long shapely legs. She handed out the beers and joined them in the hot water.

"I think you've finally done something right, Tanya," Shannon said as she stroked Quincy's throbbing hard on under the water. She turned and gave him a long passionate kiss, probing his mouth gently with her tongue. "Mmm, if Jenifer doesn't want you, I've got first dibs."

"Now wait a minute," Tanya said. "What happened to share and share alike? Besides, I found him."

"I like the share and share alike thing," Quincy said.

"Ok, I can live with that," Shannon said as she ducked under the water.

Quincy gasped as he felt his cock being surrounded by a pair of soft lips and a tongue sliding up and down the shaft.

Tanya sidled over and gave him a hard, wet kiss. He reached up and cupped her magnificent breasts and gently squeezed the extended nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. "Yes," she breathed as she pressed herself into the caress.

When Shannon came up for air, the two girls kissed each other and then started kissing him. He ran his hands over Shannon's tight ass as he kissed and sucked on Tanya's tits. He reached around and cupped one hand over Shannon's light brown muff, then gently parted her swollen pussy lips with his fingers and ran them over the silky flesh hidden there. Shannon caught her breath as his fingertip lightly brushed over the sensitive knot of her clitoris then slid down to the opening of her feminine sheath and slipped inside. With the heel of his hand pressing against her clitoris, he wiggled the finger buried inside of her, stimulating the hot moist flesh and driving her to heights of ecstasy.

Tanya, sitting astride his thigh, started undulating her body and pressing her pussy down on it as he sucked and nibbled on her nipples. Soon both girls were moaning in unison and gasping, "Oh God! Oh God!" together as spasms of orgasm took over their bodies.

"You guys sure are noisy," a sweet, tiny voice said from the door of the house. "Keep this up and you'll bring the neighbors running."

As Tanya and Shannon both tried to regain their composure, holding on to each other and still rocking from the climax, Quincy looked up and waved, "Hi, you must be Jenifer. I'm Quincy."

The tiny brunette stood there with a hand on her hip and a sexy half smile on her face. "Glad to meet you," she said. "Is this a private party or can anyone join in?"

"If it's a private party, you're surely invited," Quincy said as he appraised the little beauty dressed in a leather mini-skirt and tight tank top, "I think you're over dressed for the occasion, though."

"That's easy to fix," she said as she unzipped the skirt and let it fall to the deck, revealing the tiny G-string that she had worn on the dance platform. The tank top was off in a flash and she slowly pushed the G-string down as she stepped out of her sandals and walked over to the hot tub.

As Jenifer lowered herself into the hot water, the sight of her physical perfection in miniature caused Quincy's cock to swell again.

"Be careful, this guy's got the magic touch," Shannon said.

"That's good to know," Jenifer said as she reached over and lightly stroked his stiffening rod. "I got terribly horny dancing in front of all those guys and this looks like just what I need."

Tanya stood and pulled Shannon to her feet. "You two get acquainted while we throw something together for dinner," she said. The two toweled off as they headed towards the house, leaving Quincy and Jenifer alone in the hot tub.

"I saw you in the club today, talking to Tanya," Jenifer said. "I thought it would be nice to come home and find someone like you waiting for me in the hot tub, and here you are."

"Tanya thought that you and I should meet and I wholeheartedly agreed."

"I'm glad you did," she said as she floated over and straddled Quincy's lap, facing him. They kissed long and deep, touching tongues through parted lips. Jenifer pressed her firm breasts into his chest as he reached around her, stroked his hands over her tight, round ass and pulled her tighter to him so that the shaft of his throbbing cock pressed into the crevasse of her pussy and rubbed against her hardening clitoris.

"I want to make love with you," she breathed into his ear as she kissed her way down the side of his neck. "But not out here. Let's go to my room. We'll be more comfortable there."

They dried themselves off as they padded across the deck and made their way through the house, avoiding Tanya and Shannon, who could be heard in the kitchen, giggling and horse-playing as they were trying to fix dinner. Jenifer showed Quincy into her room, which was decorated all pink and lacy with stuffed animals on the high, old-fashioned brass bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and motioned for him to join her.

Quincy pushed her back on the quilted comforter and kissed her firmly on her small, opened mouth, his tongue meeting hers. Jenifer reached down and gently fondled his balls and stroked the length of his stiff cock. "I want you inside me," she breathed.

"Not just yet," Quincy said. "I want to savor you first." He cupped her firm tits in his hands as he kissed, sucked then gently nibbled the tiny pink nipples. As he alternated from one to the other, she began to squirm and gasp for breath. He hated to leave the perfection of her firm mounds as he kissed his way down her softly rounded abdomen to the thatch of dark hair covering her pussy.

He raised her legs as he kissed the tender flesh of her inner thighs to either side of her bush. Pink folds of her nether lips could be seen peeking through the dark, curly hair as the flower of her womanhood bloomed in excitement, causing drops of sweet, musky scented nectar to form on them. He parted the moistened petals with the tip of his tongue and slid it up the silky crevasse to where the folds joined at the top, hiding the sensitive knot of her clitoris. He sucked the clitoris between his lips and gently, but rapidly, flicked it with the tip of his tongue.

"OOOOH GOD!" she moaned as she ran her fingers into his hair and pulled his head tighter to her. He ran his tongue down to the tight opening of her love canal then back up to terrorize her protruding clit some more. He could feel her body start to tense and quiver as she alternately sucked in her breath and moaned. "That feels SOOO good!" she gasped as the waves of orgasm took over her body.

Jenifer pushed his head away, not being able to take any more stimulation to her sensitive flesh, then pulled him up on top of her. She held him tight until her spasms subsided, then reached down and positioned the helmet shaped tip of his cock at the entrance of her feminine sheath. He pushed his hips forward, feeling some resistance as the head of his cock entered the tight, moist orifice. He pulled back a little, then pushed in a little further, then again, until he was totally engulfed in the firm grip of her tight pussy.

"Oh yes." Jenifer hissed through clenched teeth, "Your cock feels so good. I've waited so long!"

Quincy raised up to arm's length and withdrew so that just the head of his cock was inside of her hot, wet pussy, then slowly pressed back in again, grinding his pelvis into her engorged pussy lips. Jenifer drew her legs up and met his thrusts over and over again until she was moaning incoherently with each stroke. Her body started to spasm as he pistoned his throbbing cock into her gripping cunt, stretching the slippery walls and stimulating every nerve ending inside of her. As Jenifer's body gave in to the earth shattering climax, a new gush of wetness filled her cunt while the muscles surrounding her vaginal sheath contracted and tightened around his cock, sending him over the brink. She wrapped her legs around him and held him tight while the waves of her orgasm swept through her body, as the spasms of her velvet glove pulled stream after stream of hot seed from Quincy's throbbing cock.

When their spasms subsided and their breathing returned to normal, they noticed that they were not alone on the bed. Tanya, on one side of them, leaned over and gave Jenifer a kiss, while Shannon on the other side, kissed Quincy. "Don't ever give me any shit about how much noise I make during sex," Tanya said.

"Yeah," Shannon added, "we thought you were being killed."

"I was," Jenifer sighed. "I've died and gone to heaven."

Quincy realized as he enjoyed the touch of the three beautiful dancers, that the five bucks he won in the lottery turned out to be a much bigger prize in the long run.