 Sarah sashayed a little in front of the full-length mirror, giggling. She was wearing a brand new dress, a little red number, a wrap style with the 'belt' in a bow on her right hip, and three-quarter sleeves. She'd paired the red dress with bright blue peep-toe pumps, and a chunky blue necklace. Her slender arms were bare, and her blonde hair was loose and softly curled around her face.

She was ready for dinner. More importantly, she was ready to meet her boyfriend's parents at their annual dinner gala. She was mildly intimidated by their money and status, but Rick was so down to earth that he was a comfort to her, despite his dashing good looks and genteel breeding. He was a hell of a catch, and Sarah realized she was lucky to have him.

She walked into her living room, waiting for Rick. It was only a few moments before he buzzed to be let into her building. She let him in, and smiled. "What do you think?"

He gave her a nod, smiling. "Perfect. Great color contrast," he said. She smiled brightly and grabbed a blue clutch purse. Then she took his offered arm and stepped close.

It was a short car ride to his parents' apartment building. She fidgeted the whole way, wishing she had some knitting to help her focus. But soon enough they pulled up to the swanky building and the valet opened her door. She stepped out, took Rick's arm, and was guided into the building.

Of course, his parents lived in the penthouse. It was a short elevator ride--they were modern, certainly high speed machines. Rick led her to the door and looked at her once more. "Are you all right?" he asked softly, and she nodded. She wasn't all right—she was shaking—but she wanted to be brave for him, and to make a good first impression.

Rick opened the door.

Sarah was assaulted by an overwhelming sense of the fact that these people had serious money. Pricey antiques, lush fabrics, and dripping opulence had her eyes going wide, and she looked to Rick, who lived much more simply. He squeezed her hand.

"It's all right," he said to her with a smile. "They're nice, really." She leaned into his side and sighed softly. Her trembling caused him to wrap his arm around her, steering her expertly through the slowly-growing crowd. He approached an older couple. He was shaved bald, wearing a well-tailored suit with a white shirt and a crimson tie that matched Sarah's dress. She was shorter, about 5 feet tall, with white curly hair cut short. She wore a soft green sweater with black slacks and moderately high heels. She looked like a sweet little old grandmother, even if he looked a little stiff.

"Sarah, these are my parents, Alex and Jane Rutledge. Mom, Dad, this is Sarah." Rick was beaming, looking between his parents and his girlfriend. Sarah nodded, smiling, and offered her hand toward them.

Mr. Rutledge took her hand first, giving a firm but not painful squeeze as he shook. Mrs. Rutledge's grip was softer, her hands calloused from knitting—hard to notice until you're used to where the callouses would be—and Sarah smiled.

"Thank you for having me in your lovely home, Mr. and Mrs. Rutledge," Sarah said with a smile. She got a smile from Jane, and Alex shook his head.

"Call us by our first names," Alex said in a rumbling, deep voice. Jane nodded her assent, so Sarah nodded as well.

"All right, Jane. Alex." Sarah was shy, suddenly, hugging herself close around her middle. She leaned into Rick, and he snaked a comforting arm around her waist. His fingers tangled in the belt of her dress, and he tried to pull them free. Sarah looked down in horror as her dress fell open, the tie undone. Alex's gaze was upon her, surveying her lingerie in an instant, while Jane gasped at her sheer underwear, leaving little to the imagination.

"Sarah," Rick said as the woman covered her body with her dress, wrapping it around her awkwardly, barely covering her most secret spots. "Oh, honey, I'm so sorry!" Sarah gave a watery smile and ran for the bedroom, hem showing the garters holding her thigh-high black back-seam stockings up. Her bra showed off her rosy nipples, rock hard between embarrassment and a burning need to be more exposed, to be paraded around. Rick followed closely, but was barred entry into the room. She locked what happened to be Rick's childhood bedroom, looking around.

The woman trembled, curling up on the bed. She didn't understand her intense arousal, her suddenly damp panties and nipples that could cut glass from being so hard. The California king sized bed enveloped her, and she cuddled into the pillows as her hands caressed her soft skin.

Licking her lips, her hands kept roaming her body. She was so turned on she couldn't help it; she brushed her palms over her breasts, letting out a soft moan as her nipples felt the tiny bit of stimulation.

Torn, she kept fondling her D-cups, wrap dress pooling open around her. She wasn't sure why this was so erotic—and in front of Rick's parents, no less!—but she was hot and ready to go. Maybe it was the idea of being exposed in front of so many. Maybe it was because it was Rick exposing her. Either way, her left hand was working its way into her panties, caressing her well-trimmed bush with soft, probing fingertips.

She gasped as two fingers found her wet slit and hot pearl, squirming a little at the contact. She slipped her index and middle fingers to one side, groaning lightly as she slid them down her hot core. She slipped her fingers inside, and at the same time she tugged and twisted at a nipple. The pain and the fullness made her arch, eyes closing as she cried out softly. Her hips buried themselves into the mattress as her back curled upward.

She let out a soft moan, pushing her hips against her hand, palm rubbing against her hard little clit as her fingers delved into velvety depths. She heard Rick knocking, asking if she was ok through the door. She ignored him; her pussy was demanding all of her attention, along with her aching breasts. Her fingers, slick with her juices, slipped out of her depths and started to flutter over her clit. The light flicks over her hard nub had her groaning, back arching again. She was getting close; another twisting tug on a hard nipple had her crying out despite trying to keep quiet. Rick's knocking paused, and presumably he'd walked away to give her some privacy.

She'd always been quick to cum. Her body trembled, and a low, guttural sound was ripped from her throat. She fluttered fingertips over her clit until she couldn't stand it anymore. She reluctantly pulled her hand out of her panties once her clit got too sensitive for stimulation, and took a long, slow breath, trembling lightly with aftershocks that made her afterglow that much brighter.

It was a long moment before she came down entirely, came back to Earth. She took a long, shuddering breath, and flushed. She realized that she'd just locked herself in her boyfriend's bedroom at his parents' house and fingered herself to an orgasm. She looked around desperately; there was an attached bathroom, luckily, and she went to lock herself inside and freshen up. It meant discarding her panties, though, as they were soaked through. She stuffed the flimsy fabric into her purse, and she was reaching for the door when Rick opened it.

"Sarah," he said softly, looking her over as he closed the door. "Sarah, if it hadn't been for the music, they'd have heard--" She flushed harder, swallowing lightly as her nipples harden again. Rick's eyes took it all in.

"You like it," he whispered, eyes glittering darkly. "You little slut, you like the thought of getting off where my parents can hear, with me or without me." She looked away, but he stepped in, pressing close against her with his hard body. "You want me to fuck you here?" he whispered, tilting her head to meet her eyes. "Fuck you on the bed I lost my virginity in?" She shudders in acquiescence, green eyes dark with need. Without her panties in the way, she was dribbling desire down her thigh.

Rick led her back to the bedroom, pushing her bra off, but the garters and stockings stayed. He put the dress back on her deliberately, wrapping it loosely so her breasts were on display, pulled into the V of the neckline. She kicked her shoes off, finally, the bright blue landing beside her discarded bra. Then he shoved her down onto the bed and spread her legs. She wiggled so that her hips were in the perfect position and he slowly undid his fly, pushing his pants and boxers down. His cock sprung free, all seven inches ready for her. He took himself in hand, guiding his dick to her pussy and rubbing the tip along her slick wetness before working his way into her. She let out a sigh, head falling to one side.

"Nothing like good cock," she said, face a picture of bliss. He grinned down at her fiercely, eyes blazing. It took a moment, but he finally bottomed out in her, his cockhead pressing against the entrance to her cervix. She let out a little whimpering cry of pain, and he backed off a little with a soft apology. His hips began to work his cock in and out of her tight hole, careful not to bottom out again. She wrapped her legs around Rick's hips, pulling him in tightly. Rick let go of her with one arm and slipped his hand between the pair, reaching for her slick pearl. The first feather-light touch against the overstimulated organ had her clenching around him, kegel muscles working hard. She almost came right there, but managed to hold back with a grunt.

Rick gave her a dark, lusty smile before leaning in for a slow and deep kiss, one hand on her clit rubbing slowly, the other in her hair pulling her in, holding her head still. She quivered beneath him, returning his passionate kisses with fervor. Her body arched beneath his, and she couldn't help but cum, crying out as she did.

It was then the door opened; two people stumbled in, a bit older than they, and it was obvious they were mildly drunk. For some reason this drove Sarah to new heights; her cries echoed into the hall before the guests closed the door behind them hurriedly.

Rick didn't stop, despite the orgasm, despite the new audience. He'd been asking her for some semi-public sex for a while. This was his fantasy, and it was coming true in his very own childhood bedroom. Sarah could see the excitement in his eyes as the pair walked a little closer, eyes intent on Sarah's writhing body, tits jiggling lewdly in the neckline of her dress.

Rick nodded to the pair. "Emma. Sam." He did it so coolly that Sarah couldn't help but look up at him. Sam's pants were tented, and Emma's nipples were hard through her dress. "Care to join us?"

Emma looked at Sarah, and started to say something. But Sam rumbled a confident, "sure," and stepped forward, undoing his pants fly and working the clothing down, both pants and boxers. Emma crawled over to kiss Rich, and Sarah beamed as Sam leaned in to give her a kiss as well, stroking his cock as his mustache tickled her face.

"Sarah, are you okay?" Rich asked huskily, watching Emma undress. Her slender body was in good shape, breasts perky and topped with thick nipples. Her red hair was natural. Emma smiled shyly as Sarah nodded her assent, looking the redheaded beauty over.

"I want to watch you suck Sam's cock, Sarah," Rich continued, voice low and husky with lust. "And then you're gonna eat his cum, and Emma's going to eat my cum out of your cunt." Sarah shuddered, but nodded again, too busy being kissed to respond verbally. Sam's mustache tickled her nose and she giggled a little, the blond whiskers caressing her face.

Sam's hand replaced Rich's in her hair, and Sarah moaned. She closed her eyes—a fantasy of hers finally coming true, and at Rich's parents' house! Sarah came again, shuddering around Rich's cock while Sam carefully positioned her head and neck, caressing her slender throat as he did. Then he slowly began feeding her his cock as Rich watched, pulling his cock out of her cunt slowly. His hands were busy, though, as Emma lay beside Sarah and smiled at the girl. Emma cooed and squirmed as Rich managed to fuck Sarah and finger the older woman.

Sarah wasn't sure how to take this. She'd dreamed of having a cock in both throat and cunt at the same time, but there wasn't much for her to do but lie there and enjoy. It wasn't hard. She was practically cumming nonstop, shuddering. She felt guilty about not participating more, though, so she reached over with a trembling and slipped her hand between Emma's thighs. Rich moaned his approval and withdrew the hand he'd been working Emma over with.

The redhead's pussy was soaked, and Sarah groaned softly, shuddering harder for a moment as she fingered the woman beside her. Rich finally blew his load with a guttural groan, filling Sarah's eager, tight slit with his gooey seed. Emma allowed Sarah to continue fingering her as Sam fucked Sarah's throat, soft moans muffled by his rigid cock. Emma moved her hands to her breasts and began to caress her nipples, touches feather-light but stimulating the woman to a loud, shuddering orgasm. Sarah flinched when Sam grunted and came, filling her mouth and belly with his sticky fluid. He pulled out of her mouth once she'd cleaned him thoroughly. The men looked at each other, then the women.

Rich seemed to be the one in charge, as he was the one to look over at the ladies and say softly, "What do you think, Sam, should your wife 69 with my girlfriend?"

Sam pretended to think things through. He then nodded once, a little too quickly. "Sarah on the bottom, so that Emma can take her sweet time eating your cum out of your little slut's cunt."

Rich nodded and gestured. Sarah carefully squirmed back on the bed, giving Emma room to drape herself over the blonde. Sarah could smell Emma's recent orgasm and the heady musk had her moaning into the woman's pussy as Emma sat on Sarah's face and leaned forward. It was an eternity before Sarah felt Emma's tongue on her, slowly lapping at her puffy lips. Sarah moaned and returned the favor, faintly pebbly tongue playing over smooth, hairless skin. Emma's bush was perfectly trimmed, and shaved from the clit down. Sarah let out a soft moan and leaned in to wiggle her tongue between puffy outer labia and slid along slick inner labia, ruffling lightly. Her inner pussy lips didn't peek from between her outer labia, but ruffled nicely when her legs were spread. Emma let out a groan and buried her face in Sarah, lapping eagerly into her hot slit, tasting Rich's cum and the blonde's at the same time.

"Little cumsluts," Rich groaned softly, already hard again. Sam wasn't far behind, and the men sat on the bed beside the orally fixated ladies, caressing their soft skin with one hand as they stroked off with the other.

Sarah let out a shuddery sigh as Emma's fingers took over from her tongue, wriggling in deep and flicking over her g-spot. Sarah's pussy was shaved similarly to Emma's, but her outer lips didn't conceal her slick inner folds. Emma gently began to suck on one as Sarah squirmed, already close to orgasm. Emma squirmed and began to rub her cunt against Sarah's face, groaning into the blonde's hot cunny. One flick of Emma's tongue over her clit sent Sarah over the edge, pulling Emma's hips closer to muffle her cries and to force concentration on the sweet stickiness filling her mouth. Emma came a few moments later after some clitty licking. Sarah loved the ABCs trick; she knew it was cliché, but hey, if it worked, who was she to complain?

It was a minute or two before Emma could move, and Rich half-lifted her once she could. He settled her in his lap, hard dick pressing against her pussy. She shifted with a soft moan, trembling from the orgasm she hadn't had time to fully recover from, and slid down onto Rich's shaft. Emma leaned against him as he held her and just began pressing up against her.

Sarah watched for a moment before Sam was shifting, rolling on top of her. Rich was big; Sam was bigger. He didn't have much more length, but he was almost painfully thick as he pressed up against her. She spread her legs as far as she could, holding her knees in place on either side of him. It took some work, but finally he managed to push in slowly, stopping just before he hit her cervix. Sarah couldn't help but let out a cry, weak but excited, as he started to fuck her, slow but with powerful thrusts. She tilted her head to one side, moaning softly. It was about all she could manage, as he buried his face in her neck. Her eyes locked on Rich and Emma's impassioned rutting, Rich doing most of the work as Emma clung limply to him. The girls were worn out from so many orgasms, Sarah especially.

It was a long, enjoyable if tiring fuck. Sarah had never taken someone so thick in her tight cunt, so Sam was still working things carefully when she came again with a quiet cry and a spasm under him. The somewhat unexpected peak made Sam cum, too, ropey strands of seed coating her insides.

Sam caressed her cheek, pulling her out of afterglow haze, and she looked up at the mustachioed man. "Mmm?" she managed with a dry throat. He leaned in and kissed her tenderly, sweetly, and with real affection. She sighed into the kiss and returned it with soft passion, tired but with real feeling behind it.

As Sam and Sarah enjoyed their afterglows, she heard Emma let out a tired but triumphant cry as she came again, and again. She gave a soft wince, knowing how long it took Rich to cum after that first orgasm. But he finally did, after Emma was too spent to even cum around his cock. Rich caressed the woman's face softly.

"You were marvelous," Rich murmured, before kissing Emma lightly. "I know that took a while. I should've warned you. But I needed you so badly in that instant I couldn't wait." Emma smiled at him tiredly and curled in his lap. Sarah watched all of this through exhaustion-filled eyes, half-asleep.

The foursome ended up drifting off, curling up in the huge bed together, Sarah and Sam cuddling, Rich and Emma in each other's arms.

The next morning, over coffee and strudels, Rich's parents didn't say anything. They just had this knowing, mildly distressed look in their eyes, and exchanged a lot of little looks over their mugs.

Sarah had showered before brunch, and she kept a spare set of clothes in Rich's car. Dressed in a pair of sweatpants and a black tee shirt, she sat at the kitchen table after Sam and Emma had left with small, satisfied smiles on their faces. Emma had even kissed Sarah when the Rutledges weren't looking. Sarah smiled warmly at the pair, watching Emma's ass as the pair left.

Brunch was mildly stressful; the whole party couldn't help but have heard the impromptu foursome. The Rutledges were embarrassed; Sarah and Rich were, too, but they were also both awfully damn proud of themselves. Alex kept looking like he wanted to say something to Rich, but he wouldn't say anything in front of the women. June wouldn't meet their eyes, glance flitting away from their eyes as if spooked. Sarah and Rich did their best to keep conversation light, but it was still difficult.

Finally the pair got ready to leave, wrap dress draped over Sarah's arm. Once they were on the street, Rich laughed and grabbed her around the waist, pulling her into a long, passionate kiss.

"Tell me that wasn't a fluke, a one-off," he said, holding her tight.

"It can happen again, if you want," she said, a bit shyly. "I'd prefer less unplanned next time, if it's possible. But yeah, I'd do it." Rich laughed and kissed her again before the valet pulled up with the car. He held the door for her and then got in, driving her home in silence. Despite the trip not being far, Sarah was fidgeting again.

Rich walked her to the door and kissed her. He seemed preoccupied; Sarah grabbed his hand as he turned to go. "What's on your mind?"

Rich blinked and looked at his girlfriend. "I—ah. Well, there's this thought I've had. I was wondering if you'd—you'd move in with me," he said quietly, face bright red as he looked at her.
