 *Author's Note: This is erotic fantasy. It involves sexual situations between consenting adults, all of whom are over 18 years of age. Since it is fantasy and it's my fantasy, I presume a world free of STDs. Makes it so much more fun, don't you think? I hope you enjoy the story. If not, such is life. 

*

Jolene looked at herself critically in the mirror after she had finished drying herself off after her shower. At 6'1", her 160 pounds were perfectly distributed, starting with her incredibly long legs, perfect C-cup breasts with pert, thick, dark nipples which seemed to always be hard and incredibly sensitive, her bright green eyes, slightly upturned nose, smile that was not too big nor too small, and her long, straight brown hair which hung down her back past her waist. Easily lifting a foot up onto the counter, Jolene gazed at her pussy in the mirror, her outer lips spread apart to reveal her furled inner lips with the thick, alway juicy clit sitting atop them.

She smiled as she watched herself in the mirror, a finger softly sliding up and down over her furled inner lips until they began to unfurl, petalling open to reveal the deep red interior of her pussy. Sliding her finger into herself for just a moment, Jolene sighed, then stood up, absentmindedly sucking on her finger, tasting herself.

"Jolene," she heard her husband Rob call to her. "You about done?" he asked, opening the door and stepping in, completely naked, all 6'5" and 225 pounds of him, rock hard and sculpted like a god with a long mane of blonde hair that hung halfway down his back, complemented by his piercing bottle-blue eyes.

"Yes," Jolene replied, eyeing her gorgeous hunk of a husband.

"I'm going to take a shower, then," Rob said, stepping into the shower. "It's going to be about an hour's drive."

"And you won't tell me where we're going?" Jolene asked yet again.

"That's not part of the deal," Rob replied as he turned on the shower. "And this was entirely your idea," he reminded her. "You just had to bet me and you're the one who made the stakes that the loser has to do whatever the winner says, no questions, right?"

"Yes, that's what I said," Jolene replied. "But still..."

*******************************

"Okay, we're almost there," Rob announced, pulling the car over to the side of the road.

"Then why are we stopping?" Jolene asked.

"Because you need to put this on," Rob answered, reaching into his jacket and pulling out a piece of leather.

"What's that?" Jolene asked.

"It's a kind of mask," Rob explained. "You put it on your head and it covers your eyes. There's velcro tabs across the back to hold it on snugly.

"But why do I have to wear this?" Jolene asked, holding it up and examining it.

"Because that's what I want," Rob replied simply. "No questions, remember?"

"Yes, but you're not supposed to do anything that would hurt me," Jolene said to him.

"You know I'd never do anything that would hurt you, in any way," Rob assured her. "You're the love of my life, remember?"

"And you're mine," Jolene said, leaning over and kissing him passionately. "If you really want me to wear this, I will," told him. "It's sort of kinky," she said with a giggle, pulling it on over her head and then fastening the velcro tabs in back. "It's sort of strange," she said, groping for Rob' arm and holding onto him.

"You just hold on and I'll take care of you," Rob told her, pulling away from the curb and driving the last couple of blocks to their destination. Pulling into the back, he parked the car.

"I'm just going to get out and go around and help you out," Rob told her as he opened his door.

Jolene didn't have any idea what to expect as Rob helped her out of the car. She gripped his arm firmly as he led her.

"Good evening," Jolene heard a man's voice say. "You know the way?"

"Yes, thanks," Rob replied.

As they stepped through what was clearly a doorway, Jolene could feel the entire atmosphere change. It was nice and warm and she could hear the murmur of voices and smell food. Rob led her for a bit more, then she heard a door close and the sounds were cut off.

"Where are we, Rob?" Jolene asked nervously.

"Someplace where there's a lot of fun to have," Rob replied. "But we have to dress for the occasion," he explained. "But since I don't want you to take the mask off until I tell you to, I'm going to dress you."

"Oh, Rob, this is very kinky," Jolene giggled, holding tightly to his arm as he led her down a hallway and then through a door.

"Okay, just relax," Rob said as he began to undress Jolene.

When he removed her bra, Rob couldn't resist sucking each of her rock-hard nipples for a moment. When he removed her panties, he just couldn't resist rubbing her swollen clit and sliding a couple of fingers into her hot, wet hole, then touching them to her lips, sliding them into her mouth where Jolene tasted herself.

Rob then began dressing Jolene in the outfit he had brought along, starting with a red leather corset that just cupped her breasts, presenting them as though on a platter, her nipples rock-hard and prominent. He then pulled a tiny wisp of a g-string up her beautiful long legs, the miniscule red material covering her crotch all but invisible it was so sheer. Nothing was left to the imagination. The next item was a pair of 4" red stilletto pumps. Rob finished with a red leather studded collar which he fastened around Jolene's neck, to which was attached a 4' chain.

"Damn, you look really good," Rob said standing back and surveying his handiwork. "Hotter than hot," he said, reaching into the bag and pulling out his camera and taking some pictures as Jolene ran her hands over her body, checking out her clothing.

"Rob, this is very risque," Jolene said as her hands slid over her basically naked breasts. "Is this all of it? Isn't there a bit more?" she asked.

"You're perfect," Rob told her. "Ready?" he asked, giving a light tug on the chain.

"What is that?" Jolene asked, her hands exploring.

"Just my way of making sure we stay in contact with each other and that you don't become disoriented," he explained, leaning forward and running his tongue across her lips, her tongue sliding out to meet his, turning into a deep kiss.

"So, you ready?" Rob asked as they broke their kiss.

"I'm not sure," Jolene replied. "I don't know what's happening, what's going to happen."

"Nothing's going to happen to you that you absolutely don't want to happen," Rob assured her. "There's nothing for you to be afraid of. You do trust me, don't you?" he asked.

"You know I do," Jolene answered, reaching out and hugging him tightly to her. "I've just never gone out dressed quite like this."

"You look incredible, believe me," Rob said.

Holding her hand and the chain in one hand, Rob led Jolene from the dressing room out into the hallway where once again they heard the muted voices of other people. Going down the hallway a few feet, Rob stopped and opened a door marked Train Room, leading Jolene in, the door closing behind them.

Inside the Train Room the sounds were of a very different variety. Where before they had heard the murmurings of people talking, now they heard the sounds of sighs and moans, grunts, the sounds of sex. Even the smell of sex was in the air.

"Rob, where are we?" Jolene asked, clutching his arm tightly to her. "It sounds like, it smells like..."

"Yes, nice isn't it," Rob said, leading her further into the room. "Here, let's sit down here," he said to her, guiding her to sit down on a thickly cushioned platform in the middle of the room, though she couldn't possibly know that.

They sat like that, side by side, their thighs touching, Jolene holding tightly onto Rob' arm. All around them Jolene could hear the sounds of sex. The very air was filled with it.

"What a beautiful outfit," Jolene heard a woman's voice in front of her say.

"Thank you," Jolene replied. "I think. I haven't seen it myself yet."

"Well, you look absolutely delicious," the voice said. "Both of you."

"Yes, she most certainly is," Rob said, and Jolene gasped when she felt his lips close around her nipple.

"Mmm, I can just imagine," the voice said. "Maybe later."

"Until then," Rob replied, moving to suck on Jolene's other nipple.

"Rob! What are you doing?" Jolene asked, feeling her cheeks flame under the mask.

"Enjoying myself," Rob replied, moving up to kiss her on the mouth.

"But the other people..." Jolene said.

"Are busy with themselves," Rob said. "Just forget about them," he told her, kissing her again.

This time Jolene wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back, managing to almost forget that there was a room full of people aroung her obviously enjoying themselves.

"Here, let's slide back a bit," Rob suggested, helping Jolene slide back onto the platform so that their legs and feet were also on it. "This is really comfortable," Rob said, patting the cushion. "How are you feeling?" he asked as he reclined onto one elbow.

"A bit strange," Jolene confessed, reaching out to find him. "I might enjoy it more without this mask," she suggested.

"Not now," Rob told her, gently pulling on the chain and drawing her down next to him. "It's more fun to let your imagination run wild," he told her, letting a hand gently slide down her arm onto her hip to caress her ass. "Later, we'll take the mask off, but only when I tell you," he said, drawing her to him and kissing her.

They lay like this, kissing, Rob running his hands down her back to cup and squeeze her ass. Jolene let her hands run down Rob' incredibly broad back to find that he was only wearing the briefest of speedo-type suits, and a bow-tie. As he held her close to him, she could feel his cock growing hard against her stomach.

Then Rob rolled her over onto her back, his mouth trailing from hers to her neck, then down to her breasts where he took turns sucking first one, then the other, his hands equally busy squeezing and massaging them, occassionally a hand sliding down to cup and squeeze her ass, his hand trailing back up between her legs, rubbing against her hot pussy.

"This is very kinky, Rob," Jolene giggled when she felt his mouth leave her breasts, then felt his lips on the soft skin of her stomach below the corset, one hand still busy with her breasts.

"Do you like it?" he asked, his other hand now firmly cupping her pussy and rubbing and squeezing it through her g-string as his tongue trailed circles around her bellybutton.

"Mmm," Jolene replied, her fingers sliding through his hair. "It feels very nice," she said, gasping when she felt his fingers slide beneath her g-string and slide up and down between her sopping pussy lips.

"Rob!" Jolene said as he changed position, bringing his face down to hers and kissing her, then sliding his pussy-sticky fingers between them so that they could both taste her.

"Oh, I just love the taste of you," Rob said, sucking on his fingers.

"Me too," Jolene said with a laugh, "the taste of you and the taste of me."

"Let me change positions for a minute," Rob said, suddenly rolling off of her, leaving her with no physical contact between them.

For a moment Jolene felt panicky as she lay there blind to the world and almost naked. Then she relaxed when she felt Rob' hand slide up her arm and his lips again upon her own. Once again he kissed his way down to her breasts, this time turning the top of the corset down to let them hang completely free and unobstructed as he suckled and massaged them, chewing on her thick nipples until she gasped with the pain.

"Here, open your mouth," Rob said, kneeling beside her, one hand pulling on her nipples, the other now rubbing between her spread legs, her feet planted firmly on the cushion and wide apart. "Yes, like that," Rob said, sliding a couple of fingers into her mouth for her to suck on. "Yes, open wide," Rob said as he pressed gently on her lower teeth, forcing her mouth more open.

Jolene moaned as she felt Rob' fingers slide under her g-string and between her slippery pussy lips. As she moaned she was shocked to feel Rob' cock in her mouth. She froze for a moment, her mind racing, thinking that there were people around them, but even as she thought about it, she automatically opened her mouth wider to suck on him, something that she enjoyed more than just about anything in the world.

Rob' fingers in her pussy and his cock in her mouth soon had her totally distracted and she stopped thinking about anything but the wonderful feelings she was experiencing. When Rob shifted once again so that he was straddling her body, Jolene was able to open her throat and let him slide all the way in, not stopping until she felt his stomach pressing up against her nose under the mask.

At the same moment Jolene felt Rob pull the material of her g-string completely to the side, totally exposing her. She felt the cool air on her exposed pussy which was then followed quickly by the sensation of Rob' mouth gluing itself to her pussy, his tongue stabbing deep into her.

Jolene could not believe they were having sex like this with other people around, able to watch, even though she couldn't see anything, but could only imagine. And it turned out that her imagination was very powerful and stimulating. Jolene sucked Rob' cock like she had never sucked it before and her pussy literally flowed, so turned on was she by everything.

Then Jolene felt Rob move his mouth from her pussy, his cock still buried in her throat. There was that cool feeling and then again a tongue sluicing up into her hot hole. It was only a few seconds, but at the same time that Rob sat up straighter onto his knees, sliding his hands out Jolene's legs to grasp her ankles and hold them up and wide apart, Jolene realized that the tongue in her pussy was not Rob'. She knew Rob' tongue in her pussy and this was different, not so soft, darting here and there in a sort of schizophrenic way, but nevertheless making her hotter and hotter.

The thought that some total stranger was eating her pussy while Rob fucked her face sent Jolene over the edge. Her entire body spasmed as her orgasm tore through her. Rob slid his cock from her throat so that it was only in her mouth as she writhed on her back, the tongue in pussy driving her crazy as Rob continued to hold her ankles high and far apart.

And then the mouth was gone from her pussy and Jolene could feel Rob moving around, his hands still holding her ankles. When she felt his cock slide into her pussy, Jolene moaned, arching her back, hyperextending her neck, her mouth wide open as Rob slid every bit of his 8" into her.

As Rob began to fuck her, Jolene felt her whole body come alive as she realized that at least someone must be watching them, and from up close, probably the same person who had just eaten her pussy. The thought that some stranger had just been eating her pussy made her hotter than ever and she thrust her hips up to meet Rob as he slowly fucked her.

When Jolene suddenly felt hands on her arms, gently pulling them up and over her head, she froze momentarily, realizing that this most certainly couldn't be Rob if he was holding her ankles while he continued to fuck her. She also realized that Rob was watching as whoever it was touched her, stretching her arms up over her head.

Then Jolene felt what she knew to be a pair of lips fasten themselves on her rock-hard right nipple, while at the same time she felt the same thing on her left. This meant that at least 2 more people were now touching her, sucking on her nipples. But the most shocking thing of all, surprisingly, was when Jolene felt a soft pair of lips pressing against her own, a soft tongue probing gently between them as she realized that someone, certainly not Rob, was kissing her.

Jolene let herself respond to the kiss, realizing how incredibly intimate this actually was. It was one thing to passively let someone suck your pussy or your nipples, but to actively kiss someone, a total stranger that you couldn't even see, that was the most erotic feeling of all.

As Jolene got into a deep, hot kiss, she felt yet more hands touching her legs, softly sliding up and down from her high upper thigh where Rob' cock steadily fucked her, out to her ankles where Rob held her. She felt Rob' hands release her ankles and others take his place. Now, instead of her legs being straight up and wide apart, her knees were bent and pulled upwards towards her head, angling her pussy more upwards and spreading her wider and more open.

Then the person kissing her moved away and she gasped, her mouth open as she missed it, Rob' cock continuing to plunge in and out of her pussy as the two people sucking and massaging her breasts continued. Then another kiss, this from a different person, much softer, and then another, firmer, more insistent, probing, his -- it must be a man -- tongue reaching deep into her mouth.

And then he, too, was gone and Jolene arched her back and neck, hoping, looking for the next one. To her astonishment the next thing she felt was a cock pressing into her mouth, not nearly as large as Rob', she noticed, but some stranger's cock. She felt her head being held and the cock began to fuck her mouth.

She relaxed, realizing that Rob was right there, deep inside of her, in fact, and that he must agree with what was happening. Just as Jolene began to actively suck on the cock fucking her face, it was gone and she felt her head being turned to the other side as she gasped for breath. Then there was another cock in her mouth, thicker than the last one, and this time she didn't even hesitate but began to eagerly suck on it.

And then Rob cock was suddenly gone from her pussy to be replaced by a mouth and tongue. Jolene momentarily felt uncertainty, but the cock in her mouth and the mouths on her breasts and the mouth on her pussy quickly consumed her attention.

And then the cock in her mouth was gone and her head was turned to the other side again. Jolene opened her mouth in expectation, but didn't expect what she got, which was Rob' cock covered in her own pussy juices. Jolene wrapped her arms around Rob' waist and pulled him to her as she eagerly sucked his cock, her breasts and pussy still getting attention from strangers.

Then as Rob began to slowly pump his cock in and out of her mouth, Jolene felt the cool air on her pussy as whoever had been eating her moved away. She totally froze when she suddenly felt her pussy filled with a cock, a cock other than Rob'. But it was a nice cock, she realized, not as large as Rob, but still nice.

Jolene started to relax as a total stranger fucked her, Rob' cock continuing to feed her face. She felt someone crawl over her body and felt a pair of knees tuck under her arms as Rob turned her head straight instead of turned to the side, her favorite position to have him feed his entire cock into her mouth.

Just as Rob slid his cock from her throat, Jolene felt someone suddenly suck on her clit while she was being fucked by the stranger. Jolene had never experienced anything of the sort and she began to cum immediately. Rob withdrew his cock from her mouth as she writhed on the platform, effectively pinned on her back by the person kneeling over her who was sucking her clit.

"How do you like losing the bet now?" Jolene heard whispered in her ear. "Would you like to stop now and consider the bet paid?" Rob whispered, his hand caressing her cheek. "Maybe you'd like to think about it some more," he whispered and then was gone, Jolene too stunned to respond.

The sound of Rob voice had snapped her back to reality, a reality wherein she was blind and being sexually used by who knows how many total strangers while Rob watched. While he participated. While he instigated.

And it was the most wonderful experience of her life, Jolene realized as she felt a cock rub across her lips. Opening her mouth, she realized right away that it was Rob. She'd know his cock anywhere, any time. But there was a difference this time. This time Rob' cock was once again covered with the taste of pussy, but it wasn't hers. That meant that Rob had been fucking some other woman and she was now sucking his cock afterwards, tasting that other woman's pussy all over him.
