 The club is crowded. Men far outnumbering the women and a fleet of eyes follow me as I move through the crowd seeking potential cocks. My cell phone is ringing and I hold it tight to my ear in a desperate attempt to hear.

"Room 221."

At a corner table, three men are staring at me and I find myself drawn towards them. Yelling into the phone to confirm I heard you, "Yes, room 221. Thank you." Ending the call as I take the last steps to their table. "Hello."

The closest man asks me to join them and I sit down at their table. I'm quickly introduced to Sean, Roger and Quinn. 

Sean, the first to speak, has dark hair and brooding eyes. Eyes that continuously move over me. Making his interest in me known along with sending the message that the hour is late and time short. 

Roger is a large black man. His arms and torso thick and muscular. His smile is quick, flashing all his white teeth each time. 

Quinn only nods while the other do the talking. While he doesn't gaze at my body like the others do, I can feel his eyes boring into me. I can sense the passion that he holds back behind his silent outward demeanor. 

I forgo their offer of a drink but then change my mind and ask for some bottled water. When it arrives, I drink it in two long swallows. Suddenly finding myself thirsty and in need of the water's replenishment.

I extend my leg under the table and run it against Roger's leg. Knowing Sean's obviously interest, I reach my left hand up Quinn's thigh. I ask them if they had any plans for the remainder of the night and I'm answered my Roger's hand grasping my ankle and the rigid cock I find in Quinn's crotch.

"No plans," Sean responds. 

I give them a wicked grin and ask if they would mind entertaining me for a bit. My fingers playing along Quinn's cock, surprised and pleased and its length and hardness. Roger's hands remove my shoe, and I wonder what he thinks of the wet sole, and brings my foot into his crotch. As with Quinn, his cock is rock hard and of pleasing size.

"As long as you boys don't mind sharing that is..." And I flash my best wicked grin at each of them.

Roger's teeth catch the light and he massages the top of my foot with his fingers, and the bottom on the hardness between his legs. Quinn's hand covers mine and he stands, pulling me with him and away from Roger's cock. 

Roger doesn't seem too disappointed and he picks my fallen shoe up as he rises to join me and his friend. Sean pushes back from the table and motions to the waitress for the bill.

I take Roger's hand and tell Sean to meet us in the alleyway down the street. The men then take the lead and push their way through the crowd and into the open air.

A short walk later, I'm squeezed between the two men in the alleyway. Quinn holding my hips and rubbing his cock against my ass. Roger kissing me, his tongue alive in my mouth with his hard cock high up against my belly.

Hearing Sean, I break off from Roger. Pulling him in for a kiss as a reward for chancing missing out should his friends had left him behind. Its to him that I whisper my conditions.

"There will be another, but she is not to be approached unless she initiates it."

"No cumming inside me. When you're ready, tell me and I will let you know what I want you to do."

"I want all three of you at once. I want the sex hot and fast and hard."

"Once you've cum, that will most likely be the time for you to leave. However, the other may wish something different and her desires overrule all."

Sean's eyes had smoldered a deeper level when I first mentioned "another" but, at my adding the "she", all the tension left them and he smiled before agreeing.

During the short walk to the hotel, the men hold a quick contest to decide who will do what to me. Roger insistent on sampling all of my charms, making my knees a bit weak as I recall the size of his manhood as detected by my foot and belly.

The hotel is one of the sleazy ones found close to the clubs in this section of the city. Hotels with rooms often used more than once a night, even if housekeeping only visits once a day. We enter without looking at the night clerk, who takes the same interest in us. It wouldn't be the first time a hallway or stairwell was used unpaid for here but he wouldn't be the first to try to stop it.

I tap at the door to room 221 and hear your footsteps. You open the door and look beyond me to see how well I have chosen. Your eyes approve of two of the three but you are uncertain of Quinn as he fails to look at you or meet your questioning looks.

You throw open the door and we enter as a group. The room is quite bare: king bed, nightstand, dresser, TV and a chair in the corner. You have already returned to the chair, seating yourself to observe me and my new friends.

The men waste little time and I find myself passed around as they undress me. My hands equally busy, rubbing and stroking the cocks that I want out and in me. Not surprising Sean is the first undressed with me and I'm pushed to my knees before him. 

Not having felt his cock before, I see that his is the smallest of the three. I'm able to take him in one swallow and my head bobs up and down as I give him head.

I sense another body to my right, then to my left. Glancing, I see the two additional cocks surrounding me and awaiting their turn at my mouth. I pull at Sean's cock and turn towards Quinn's.

He is uncircumcised with a large set of balls to go with his long cock. A good 7" I think as my mouth measures the shaft by licking and sucking along its length. Then I take him in, going slower this time but still managing to swallow him after two or three attempts.

Fingers are pushing my hair back behind my ears. I realize that your piss is drying and my hair becoming loose. The men though know that you wish to see and keep the stray locks out of your way.

I pull my mouth back to where I am only sucking the head of Quinn's cock. My tongue working at his slit, trying to wiggle in, making his gasp and moan.

"Come on girl. Its my turn now." Roger's hands pulling me off Quinn and spinning me round. 

Now its my turn to gasp. Thick as well as long, his black dong is huge and his desire to take all my holes returning to my memory. My puffy pussy soaking your panties a little bit more as I do.

I open my mouth, stretching it to get the head in. Using my tongue to swirl around the head, then I push down on it. Sucking in long draws of air through my nose, I try to relax my jaw and allow more in. Roger decides to help and his hands are back upon my head, pulling the thick sausage deeper in my mouth towards my throat.

Both of my hands busy jerking the white cocks, while Roger begins to face fuck me. "That's it girl. I know you want it." And his hips rock back and forth, each forward motion pushing another inch down my throat. 

My eyes watering, nose unable to draw enough air, I'm fighting gagging with all my will. I find your eyes and the small smile on your lips. Knowing that you are pleased at both my willingness and success so far at not gagging, I resolve not to surrender and I concentrate on the cock filing my mouth and throat.

Concentrating on the unique pleasure the thick man meat provides as it slides along my wet mouth and tight throat. Listening to his murmurs of encouragement and expressions of how good his cock feels inside me. Using those focus points, it comes as a shock when his short hairs are at my lips and there is no more cock to feed me.

Roger uses long slow thrusts to force his cock back into my mouth. Truly fucking my face with his cock. Enjoying it too.

" You boys better find another hole before I stretch it out too." Roger's words spoken in jest but with a large grain of truth. He pulls out and rubs his cock along my lips whispering, "Lets get this hot bitch in bed. I do believe she wanted fucked."

I'm lifted by several pairs of hands and carried to the bed. Sean lays down first and I see that there is a small tube of lube on the nightstand that he has opened and is using to coat his cock. I look to you and see by the sparkle in your eyes that you had placed it there for just such a purpose.

Quinn positions me and I'm laid down backwards onto Sean. A slick finger quickly enters my ass then removed to make room for his cock. I settle down on it then begin to rise up and down on it.

Quinn reaches down, "Now what do we have here?" and your panties are pulled out of me. This action, along with Sean's cock hammering at my ass, bring me to an orgasm and I squirm and pant. Quinn looks your way and I see you uncross your legs to confirm that those are indeed your panties.

Sean's ass is at the edge of the bed. This allows Quinn to stand between them and mine. Positioning his cock then impaling me upon it. He enters fully then stops. Gaging Sean's pace before moving with him.

The two cocks filling me, fucking me. The men picking up their pace as they enjoy the rubbing of cock on cock through the thin flesh that separates them. But I know that I am enjoying it more. Quinn's pelvis striking against my clit every third or fourth thrust.

The bed squeaks and I find Roger crawling over to straddle me. Looking down into my face as he once again feeds me his cock. On my back, in this position, controlling the gag impulse is hopeless but he seems to take care to keep from going too deep and invoking it.

So there I am. Your slut before you. Three hard cocks inside me. Fucking me with Roger's smiling eyes the only ones I can see.

The pace below slows down as both men are close to their orgasm. Now its their turn to fight the urge. To extend the pleasure and if not for Roger's cock making full use of my mouth, I would encourage them on.

Several minutes pass with the only sounds coming from my openings as they are filled and emptied. Then the sounds of pants and grunts, paces again increasing. A "fuck, fuck, fuck" issued from either Quinn or Sean. Roger hears and knows that they won't last long so he pulls out to allow me to instruct them.

"Cum on my face and in my hair," my voice raspy from having my tonsils fucked. Roger rolls off just as Quinn pulls out allowing Sean to drive up harder for another minute. Quinn stands next to me, his fist moving along his shaft as he aims it towards me.

I turn my head and open my mouth just as the first blast erupts from his cock. It hits my cheek and most ends in the hair above my ear. The second and third shots are weaker but find my mouth and lips.

Sean pushes me over as he withdraws. His hands hold me flat to the bed and I feel his cock in the thick of my hair at the back of my head. With a loud grunt, I feel his cum warm me. Then I'm turning as he empties his balls in my hair and on my forehead.

Roger is pumping his cock but not with any urgency. Instead he is keeping it hard for the next hole and as soon as Sean finishes, he pulls me back to the edge of the bed. Pushing my legs up to my chest, he snakes his cock into my pussy.

My pussy is better able to take his fullness but not without need to relax my muscles for it. He stretches me, fills me, over and over. His pace and movements letting me know that he's in no rush to finish, that he intends to make complete use of my body for his own pleasure.

His hands now on both sides of me, his weight heavy upon my legs and chest. Long cock traveling in and out of my cunt. Roger is fucking me, really fucking me and I orgasm twice as he works his magic.

Suddenly his hands go behind my back and I'm lifted up. Carried again, but this time upon his cock. He walks over next to you and presses my back up against the wall beside you. I'm pounded into the wall as he fucks me here, close for you to see and hear and smell.

Then he's walking again, this time to the head of the bed and the nightstand. "You'll want more of that," his head jerking downward. I look then reach for the lube. Finding it, I show him that I have it.

He tosses me off his cock and onto the bed. Standing before me with his hard wet black cock shinning. I twist open the tube and squirt a dollop of lube on his cock. Spreading it along the entire length.

Roger grabs my foot and I find myself on all fours. A moment later, the mushroom head of his cock is pressing at my ass. With Sean having already opened me, he's able to enter right away. And it is much longer before he is probing my depths with his cock.

He holds my hips as he forces his cock deeper into my smooth canal. "Fuck that's tight..." His cock driving in and out.

I'm facing you with my eyes bugging out. My body a limp rag, hair flying about as Roger reams my ass. Taking it, filling it, intent on owning it.

Just as I'm falling forward with my arms giving out, Roger hooks his arms under mine and lifts me up. This enables the last inch of his cock to fill me and he bounces me up and down on his cock. The bed bouncing with us.

With a loud groan, he drops me onto the mattress and quickly pulls out of my ass. It feels as if he is taking my guts with him and I feel empty. 

"Where, where do you want it?" A hint of desperation in his voice as he hold back on cumming.

"Her mouth, do it in her mouth," your voice close to me instructing him now. And I'm rolled once again, face up. 

I see his throbbing cock and I lift my head to it. I lock my lips around the head, tongue licking at it as I suck. Tasting my pussy and ass and lube upon it.

Again your voice in my ear, "Swallow it all."

This brings the first load with it. The force strong and long, filling my mouth. I swallow and suck for more. Another blast, another swallow. Swallowing each time he squirts. The taste of cum added to the other flavors filling my senses.

Roger pulls his cock from my lips and I lay back on the bed, my eyes closing. Sean and Quinn are already dressed and I hear Roger pull on his pants and shirt. Shoes hit the floor then a door opens and closes. 

Your fingers close around my throat, holding my head in place. "You are such a whore," the words spoken softly. The slap that follows is anything but soft.