 We are just your everyday middle-class couple. Tracy is twenty-three, and I am twenty-four. We have been together for three years and since both of us have always wanted to try new things, our sex life has always been on the cutting edge. At first it was just getting to know each other's body. Then we tried sexy clothes, and moved on to toys. Later we started telling each other our fantasies. Tracy said she would love to do two guys at the same time, and that sounded very interesting to me. 

Then while we were having sex we started talking about swinging with another couple, and this made both of us hot. So we started surfing the Net, and after some time we did hook up with another couple. We've been swinging with them for almost six months and have had some hot, wild times. But that's another story.

Recently Tracy and I started talking again about the idea of threesomes, both with a man and with a woman. I was very receptive to the idea. So we got back on the Net and started looking. Now you'd think it would be easy to find a guy, but it's just not that easy to find one who is for real. And finding a suitable female is like finding Bigfoot!

After a while we did make contact with a man reasonably close to us who sounded like a possibility. He was about our age, just a year or two younger than Tracy and me, which I think she liked. We set up a meeting in a public place, so that if she didn't like what she saw, we could leave without a problem. As the day approached, we were both hotter than hell with anticipation of what might happen that night.

That afternoon Tracy went to take a shower and get dressed for the evening. She came out of the bathroom wearing a halter-top and a multicolored wrap-around skirt she'd bought in the islands, with a fringe on the bottom that barely covered her ass. She also wore black thigh-highs, black pumps and black string panties under the skirt. She was hot and just a little slutty looking.

So off we went to hook up with this guy. When we got in the truck, you could see the tops of Tracy's hose and a hint of her panties. Hell, I wanted to do her right then!

As we pulled into the parking lot where we were supposed to meet Ron, he walked up to the truck. We started getting acquainted. I saw him looking down at Tracy's lap and top, from time to time, and I knew she was giving him an eyeful. They seemed to like what they saw.

I told Ron we were going to drive around the block, and if we came back, the deal was on and he should follow us back to our house. This way Tracy and I had a chance to talk and make sure she was okay with him. _She was way more than okay, so we went back and led Ron back to our place.

When we got in the house, we went up to the bedroom and invited Ron to shower, giving him a robe to put on afterward. While we waited, Tracy lit some candles and we started making out. I hiked up her skirt so Ron would be able to see her panties. I rubbed her pussy through them. It was moist. I untied her skirt and let it fall to the floor, then did the same with her top and out spilled her huge tits.

About then Ron came out of the bathroom. I could hardly believe my wife was standing there in front of a stranger in black thigh-highs, black string panties, high heels and nothing else. To my surprise, I was as hot as she was! She unzipped my shorts and let them fall to the floor, then stroked my raging hard-on. I told Ron to jump in, but he said he just wanted to watch for a while.

I laid Tracy down on the bed and rubbed her pussy and sucked on her tits. It wasn't long before Ron came over to the bed, got between her legs, pulled her panties to the side and started licking her shaved pussy. I moved up so she could suck my cock.

In a flash Ron whipped off the robe and presented his good-size hard-on to Tracy for sucking. She went back and forth between licking and sucking our cocks. You could tell by her moans that she was having the time of her life. Next Tracy and Ron got in the 69 position, with her on top. I came up behind her and slid my hard cock in her pussy as Ron licked her pussy. Even with her mouth full, her moans got pretty loud.

I moved to the edge of the bed, with my feet on the floor and my ass hanging over, and Tracy got on top facing away from me. This left Ron lots of room to lick her clit. Then he and I put Tracy on her back at the edge of the bed, with her legs up, and took turns fucking her while she sucked whichever of our cocks wasn't in her pussy.

Tracy had Ron lie on his back, and she got on top of him. I got behind her for a good view of the action. What a sight! Then I moved around in front of her so she could suck my cock while she rode Ron's.

Tracy looked up at me with her big brown eyes and said in a slutty tone, "Do you like seeing me fuck his cock, honey?"

"Yes I do, babe," I said.

She fucked him faster and faster, and finally cried out, "I'm going to come on his cock for you, honey!" 

Then she took my dick back in her mouth and slammed up and down on Ron until she shuddered in orgasm.

Next I positioned her on her knees on the edge of the bed and started pounding my cock in her. Ron was lying on the bed stroking his cock for her. I couldn't hold out any longer and came in her pussy. Ron laid her on her back, put her legs over his shoulders and fucked her hard until he got off.

We all lay there catching our breath; Ron said he had never had so much fun before in his life. We looked at the clock and were amazed to see that two hours had passed! Ron got up and put his clothes on, and we said our good-byes.

That was our first threesome, and he has since become part of our regular sexual diet. 

With years of dedication and love, our relationship has allowed Tracy and me to open our minds to each other. We are soul mates. When we're alone, we make passionate love to each other. 

When we're in a three-way or we're swinging, we savor the difference of our temporary mates, knowing all the while that there is no one better for either of us than each other.

This knowledge opened us up to an understanding of pure, wild sex. So when we're old and gray we won't be the ones sitting on the porch saying, "Damn, I wish I had done that!" 

We'll be the ones sitting there smiling!