 It was just like any other day, the only difference was her husband was out of town for a few days and the kids were going to her mom's, so she knew she had some time all to herself. She must have been excited about the freedom she was going to get even if it was for just a couple of days; it was a very welcomed break. Her friends already knew she had some freedom and they also knew that meant trouble. What kind of trouble had yet to be determined. But she knew it as well. She awoke to find her bed was soaked, saturated from the juices that flowed from her swollen ripened pussy and her nipples were rock hard from all the pulling pinching and twisting she had done in her sleep. And they say only men have wet dreams. So what dream was she going to make into a reality, which is what she had to decide today.

She got the kids packed up and while she anxiously waited for her mom to arrive, she chatted online. Normally she would have already shaved and showered and gotten herself ready so as soon as her mom left she would be ready to leave, but for whatever reason, today she waited, maybe she was looking forward to hearing form someone special, maybe she just didn't know what she needed. Then she got an email, one stating a new group had started, so she joined it right away, without delay. 

The Westwood Theater, looks like another group just like the rest, but she thought what the heck let's post a message right away and see what happens. She had only been talking about going to an adult theater for over a year and a half now, maybe this was the opportunity to do so. Shortly after she posts, she gets the first instant message, a contact by a member in the theater group who is interested in knowing if she plans on going anytime soon. He plans to be there in the afternoon and can make sure there are several guys on hand to be there. A little timid she asks questions, never being in such a place she wanted a first hand account of what to expect. He pretty much told her everything she had been told by others.

Second contact from the area is made and now her mind is made up, this is where she is going; nothing else is going to change her mind. Doesn't matter she has an opportunity to go and make this a reality so she is going to do so. She contacts a close friend who also has the day off from work and tells him to get ready we are going there today. Anxious, nervous and overly excited she can't wait for the knock on the door from her mom; she knows it's just minutes away. Pacing the floor, does she have everything she needs to pull this off, no her clothes are in the car, she can get them after mom leaves, how will she walk out of the house, how quickly can she get ready, knock, it's her. Freedom is just a few short minutes away. She tries not to rush them out, but it can not be soon enough. She grabs their stuff, gives them a kiss and packs them up, and off they go, FREEDOM finally.

Back in the house she gets her keys, goes back to the car and grabs her goodie bags. She needs to make sure she has everything with her and ready, especially since she has never done anything like this before. She gets her clothes out, the same outfit she wore a week before, the same outfit that caused a room full of horny, hungry black men to rush upon her and take her, the same outfit she knows will turn heads today. She goes and shaves, showers, and makes sure she has attended to every detail. Puts her make up on just right, does her hair, and before she knows it she is dressed and ready to go. She puts her bags together, heels are ready, street clothes with her, and out the door she goes. She is so anxious that she can't eat or even think about eating.

She meets her friend so they can begin there hour and a half ride to the final destination, Westwood Theater. He is pleasantly surprised by her appearance, and doesn't hesitate to start pulling on her nipples. He knows this drives her crazy. About an hour into the drive, he decides to undo her top, exposes her beautiful full tits and starts to play with them as they pass the truckers, giving them quite a show. She is getting wet with anticipation, and loves the exposure. She knew it wouldn't take long before she would get a call and there it was, almost to the border and her phone rings, it's him Daddy wanting to know what his slut is doing, wants to know why his slut hasn't started fucking herself already. He doesn't care there are no towels, doesn't care that she is in someone else's car, he wants her to cum and wants her to do so with him on the phone while they are driving. She had been so bold to text him and tell him what she was doing, this should be no different.

And with that her friend, the driver made it clear that is exactly what she needs to be doing as well as he reaches over and pinches her left nipple so hard she can feel the pulses shoot down to her clit. Daddy is on the phone with her telling her to stroke that clit, pull the hood back and stroke, which she had begun to do. Such a little car, so difficult to spread, but she does as she's told, she's a good bitch, and she places her leg up against the passenger door, heel placed on the dash and spread as wide as she can. Clit swollen, she's rubbing it hard, rolling it beneath her finger and it's just not enough, he tells her to squirt, insert her fingers and squirt all over that fuckin car, and just then she did, she inserted 2 fingers and she sprayed the inside of the car, making sure he can hear her fingers pounding that juicy pussy over the phone. 

And again they are both cheering her on, make that pussy gush, let it go, fuck that hole with as many fingers as she can, and she does, she's on fire, she can't stop and doesn't care that they are stuck in traffic, not moving and anyone next to them can see what she is doing, doesn't matter, bitch cum, and again she gushes all over her hand, and she can't resist but to lick her fingers clean, to get a fresh taste of herself. But that isn't enough, driver hands her her Coke bottle, 24oz of course, and she began to insert it and begins to fuck her pussy feverishly with it, oh my she's Cumming again, it's dripping all over the damn bottle, car is soaked, and she is drenched. Just then they had to stop, weather had gotten so bad, roads were flooded matching the interior of her friend's car. So she stopped the fucking for a bit so they can reach their destination safely. And she made sure to take that coke bottle and drink from it especially since it had just fucked her.

She is so on fire that all she can think about is when she gets there how many guys will be there, the unknown has her unedge. She is just dying to have a cigarette but can't smoke in his car; this is going to make her insane, on fire, throbbing, sitting in a puddle and can't even have a smoke. Roads are flooded they have to detour around the flooding to get there and by the time they arrive, her skirt is saturated, car smells of sex, and the rain had just stopped. Sweet she can smoke before they go in, probably the quickest cigarette she has ever smoked. But it was so good all the same standing there outside the theater, this is what she wanted to do today and just a few steps away she was going to do so.

The building isn't much to look at, kind of worn down, old and dirty. They go in the side door and follow the next door into the bookstore. It looks like any other porn store, not much different, videos all over the place. Her friend pays for admission for both of them and she tells him she is going to the bathroom first. The ladies room has an open door, she walks in and the 2 stalls there are small, the doors don't shut let alone lock, how easy it is for any kind of activity to take place in here. She freshens up a bit and when she exits they are ready to enter the theater. Her heart is pounding, sweat begins to form on her skin, and her legs are already weak with anticipation. They open the door and it's dark, very dark, and all she can see is the large screen playing some kind of adult movie, not very good at that, but still an adult flick. They walk over to the middle of the theater where it is labeled couples section. And she goes by what she is told, start there and when she feels comfortable go ahead and move into the rest of the theater and whatever happens happens, just go with it. 

So they sit down in the front row of the couples only section, and she is just dripping, still so wet, she slides down the seat a bit to easily be able to spread, her eyes still aren't adjusting to the darkness of the theater, but she can see the men that are there have moved to the row just in front of them. They take a seat and watch, just leaning over the rail, eyes focused on her like she was a prize to be had. Her friend undoes the tie from her top, tits are fully exposed now, legs spread wide, and his fingers just gliding in and out of her pussy so easily, lips are engorged, clit is throbbing and in secs she is now spraying the inside of the theater. As she squirted she can feel the guys gawking, can feel their eyes on her, purest form of lust known, and this heats her more as she lets out a cry and cums again.

She is warmed up, time to move to the theater. Her friend helps her up and follows her, where she walks through the row looking for a place that will allow her to play freely. A nice older man approached her and tells her that over to the left would be best, and she follows. The seats are very uncomfortable, not meant to be used like this at all. They find a row that has the end seat open, where they are no seats in front of it, easy enough to be fucked and she would be able to suck as well. And just as she sits, her legs are spread wide and the strange men's hands began to wonder, feeling her tits, stroking her warm wet pussy, and all the grabbing, groping, she cums at the first touch. An older man eagerly starts to lick her pussy, he can't get enough of her, sucking her clit, licking her deep and she begins to look around all she sees is cocks peeking through zipper flies. No faces, no names, just hard cocks needing to be serviced, needing attention, lusting her. She begins to grab a cock in each hand, stroking, looking to be fed, she wants cum, needs cum, and needs to be fed. A cock in each hand, a cock in her mouth and hands wondering all over her body. 

A whisper comes from one of them, you are a nasty little whore aren't you, you like having all these strange men touching you, feeling you, using you don't you, and even with a mouthful she can manage to say yes. He continues to taunt her with his words and this makes her cum again, and the nastier he gets, the fire grows. He then leans over again, and says may I rip your stockings, she looks at him in his eyes, and says yes she is a real slut, they are already ran, go ahead and shred them. And as he proceeds to tear her stockings, marking her like the whore she is, she has a cock in her mouth looking to milk it dry, still has a mouth on her pussy making it flow freely, and she begins to drain the cock in front of her. She gets 2 loads swallowed, when she is told to get on her hands and knees, and she does, then a cock is placed in her mouth and she is led on her hands and knees across the dark theater rows, to the aisle still with cock in mouth to the front of the theater, where he then tells the guys, this bitch needs a fucking, and without delay, she was laying on the floor, cock in her face and one in her pussy fucking her good. The floor was not kind to either of us, so she suggests moving back to the aisle where it is a padded floor, and they do so, a group of 12 men follow her as she moves from one location to the next. She still can't see much, it is too dark for her eyes, but she does the best to take them all on. Number 1 is still fucking her and she is presented with another cock to drain, and she eagerly does, fill that hot seed in her belly, she loves it.

They began to take turns and began to bust a nut, one after another until she took all that wanted in. They even had her bent over so she could be taken from behind leaning against the seats, that lucky cock entered her ass, it was the perfect angle and it just slide so easily into her. She couldn't take it she needed to cum again, and by now there was a steady stream of her cum running down the theater floor. After all were spent that wanted to partake, she decided it was best to take a break. They stepped out of the dark theater and she freshened up a bit in the ladies room actually surprised no one followed her in. She then had a smoke break and got something to drink, it really was hot in there and now she had dirt and sweat covering her.

She finished her break and went right back in and didn't waste anytime getting busy. Again she had fingers deep inside her, begging her to cum for him, again she had cocks surrounding her looking to be sucked, and she took each of them and gladly drained them. Legs spread so wide she was now using the wall to prop her leg up a bit to keep them that open for these lustful strangers. She was totally exposed and the more they rubbed the more she came, the more she was fingered the more she wanted a cock. The more she asked for it, the more she got of it.

After she decided it was time to leave, she had one gentleman who recognized that she is submissive and that she enjoys pain, he twisted and stretched her nipples out as far as they would go until she couldn't take it any more, and this turned her friend on even more. So much so that round 2 he couldn't resist but to fuck her. He leaned her over the theater chair, one leg propped up and grabbed her by her hips and inserted that cock into her pussy, so wet and warm, looking to milk yet another cock. Bracing herself on the row of seats, he continued to pound her, the drained men sitting there in awe just watching, the old man pinching and twisting her nipples, his balls smacking her clit with every thrust. It was too much, he couldn't take it, and he explodes as the film is flickering like a strobe light. He grabs her hips as hard as he can and thrusts that cock deep inside her making sure every last drop of seed is spent into her. He almost collapsed from all the excitement, has to catch his breath. 

But she is still on fire, and these men are just watching, no time to rest, she needs more, but it doesn't look promising. A dozen guys and they are all exhausted. So she takes a seat, and spreads her legs allowing her dripping cunt to feel the air, and she watches the screen, 2 women licking, fingering, and this gives her the hunger for more, she wishes she had another pussy here with her now if for anything else just to eat. And she rubs her clit again, legs spreading further apart, clit still swollen, and her cunt needing to be fed. She slides a finger in, stroking that clit as she inserts, one isn't enough, she slides the second in and now there are 4 men watching intensely as she is going to finger fuck herself again. She is mesmerized at the screen, can't break the focus, needs her clit sucked in the worse way, so she rubs as she watches, fingers herself deeper, harder, she knows how she likes it until she cums wave after wave, saturating herself, the floor and anyone around her, she can't stop, she keeps smacking that clit and inserting those fingers, there she got the third one in, fuck that cunt and make it cream, she can feel it building, feel the big one, and someone whispers in her ear she needs a fist and with that she erupts once again with every muscle in her body tightening up, fingers are cinched deep in her and she spasms uncontrollably.

They leave the theater and she is at peace. No names, no faces, no idea how many she pleased, no idea if they would ever see each other again, and it didn't matter. She needed to feel that heat, that electricity, that fire burning deep, she needed that desire, that pure animal lust, and she got it, she felt it, and she fed from it that evening. So much so that she was at peace with herself for the first time in her life.