 This story happened over 25 years ago, and is now one of the more cherishable memories of a much older man.

One day an older (over a decade) male friend from work put it in my head that we should join an amateur theater group together. He had seen some flyers around the malls for casting "try-outs".

The prospect would never have occurred to me, but my friend had acted professionally in Hollywood, even holding down a role in a nationally broadcast afternoon soap for awhile, and he gently allayed my qualms. 

He had tried to make a career of acting, like millions of others, and failed like millions of others. He thought I should give it a try, just for the experience, just to see what acting might bring out of me. 

Encouraging, motivating friends like that are hard to find. He became the gateway guide to many experiences and I'm grateful to him. Especially for the experience I'm writing about now.

We both got roles in an upcoming play. Talent wasn't the major consideration. Simply put, there wasn't a lot of competition from others in our age group. Most late twenty, early forty people are too busy with serious life to bother with the narcissism of amateur theater. 

My friend landed the role of an older gentleman and I was to play the young bumbling husband to my pretty, naive wife in a light comedy. I was introduced to my "wife" whose real life name was Barb.

Barb was a petite and classy little blonde; very attractive, with a husband as well. I didn't try to "throw her a line", so to speak, but I have to admit to having thoughts about balling her. Petite girls drive me crazy.

She had acted in a number of productions and was thought of as a very good actress. I felt lucky to be paired off with her, maybe I wouldn't bomb so badly.

We began rehearsals which almost always ended with the whole crew driving to a local bar, taking over a table for "shop-talk"; relaxing and getting a buzz on cheap beer or wine. 

Those meetings were really wonderful chat-a-thons of 8 or more intelligent people of different ages, backgrounds and life experiences. The Algonquin round table it wasn't, but it was as close as I've ever come to it.

During those times Barb and I started connecting on a personal level. We had similar tastes in movies, books and learned from each other because we were interested in just about everything. 

We sparked, and started a habit of joining for lunch once a week at some downtown restaurant near her office.

We shared rides to get back and forth from the theater, and were spending a lot of time together. Therefore the inevitable happened: we started kissing and then feeling each other up in the car. We were just like a couple of teenagers. Her husband "trusted" her.

Finally, on one Saturday afternoon, she came to my apartment and we made love. Barb had a sensual, let the moment stretch, love making style, as though she were making love and watching herself make love at the same time.  

She liked prolonging each "scene" so she could take in the sights, sounds, tastes of the moment; like film rolling out in slow motion. She liked a lot of foreplay, kissing, and the removal of each piece of clothing bit by bit. The sight of my hand going up her blouse or down her pants. 

Her love making had a theatrical element. Why should that have been a surprise?

She came around several times and we kept expanding on our lovemaking. She had an erotic nature that complimented my own. One evening, just before a show, we enjoyed a wild 69 in my apartment with one of the most memorable orgasms of my life that lasted for minutes, and she swallowed every drop.

Barb, when the mood was on her, loved to flirt. Saying this or that provocative thing, and then arching one eyebrow or the other to underscore her point. 

Once at a lunch date, we were in an elevator together, when from out of nowhere, she said with a wickedly horny look on her face:

"I think a threesome with either sex would be fun."

I was thrown off balance. The statement came from nowhere. I didn't know what to say. All I could think of was a very lusterless, "That's interesting! That's an interesting idea." and the topic moved on.

The much older, wiser me realizes now that we should have been discussing fantasies because we shared that kind of closeness, but I was dumb and slow then, and it was a different era. Believe me, I have a different modus operandi now. 

So, little, blonde Barb enjoyed the idea of 3 in-a-bed: boy or girl. She probably had the scene all "blocked out" in her head. Her statement was so matter of fact that she must have considered it for a long time. She was comfortable just blurting it out to me.

"I think a threesome with either sex would be fun." 

Couldn't get her words and their visuals out of my head. Personally, I resonated with that. A threesome with Barb and another person of either sex would be fun. 

I suddenly realized her statement was an indirect way to get me thinking along the same lines. That oblique, feminine, non-committal way of putting something out in the air hoping someone will pick up on it. At that time I understood so little about women.

From the darkness of my very dim mind the thought began to dawn on me that perhaps she wanted me to help actualize her fantasy. Not only was I her friend and lover, but also an actor (graduating to producer) in her own theater of lust". 

She wasn't just cheating on her husband; she was using this single moment of opportunity to make real what before she only dreamed about. Perhaps I was being "used". No problem. I could deal with that. From the beginning I never intended to break up a marriage and new this affair had a time limit.

I decided to take her words as a personal challenge to produce and cast a threesome scene for her to play in; or,at the very least, call her bluff.

That Saturday afternoon she came around to my apartment to fuck. I ate her to orgasm and then we were fucking in my bed, changing positions into this and that.

I sat up and she climbed on and lowered herself down the length of my cock. Just as an aside let me say that Barb had the tightest vaginal sphincter I've ever experienced and when it reached the base of my cock the love muscle would tightly seal around it, giving me this wonderful, wild feeling of total engorgement.

We were fucking face to face, her blonde hair falling on her shoulders and we shared erotic kisses and mutual breast play. We gazed into each others eyes savoring our lust for each other. I fixed her in a stare, which she returned.

"How would you like to have a threesome with me?" I asked,

"Maybe." She said, kissing and nibbling on my lips and then along my shoulder, giving me a prickly chill and added in a low and sultry voice, "Who would our threesome be with?".

She was serious, I could tell. I felt a moment of self-congratulation as I had actually extracted the meaning of what she had only hinted at. I felt a sense of control; in reality however it was Barb who was controlling me.

She was "on" for a 3 way if only I could organize it. Perhaps she was talking from the passion of the moment but I didn't think so. Barb played games but she didn't play games like that, which was a big reason I really liked her.

I had prepared a few people in my mind. Some names were serious candidates and some just a test to learn how her imagination worked.

"Did you ever talk about this with your husband? We could do it with him." I said, thinking that someone safe. familiar and comfortable would more likely produce the result we both wanted.

Barb got a sly look,"Believe me, if he were up for it, you would have been in our bed months ago." 

With that, the fact hit me again, she was very serious about a threeway, and had obviously gone over the possibilities many times.

Today I laugh about my coy nervousness; I was ready to float another "try-out".

"Would you like to make love with Jane and me?" I asked. Jane was my girlfriend of the moment and they had met each other. I looked at Barb and could see she was visualizing the possibility.

"Do you think she would go for making love with me?" Barb said softly.

I didn't think so, but at least I established she was serious about a woman joining us, a sexy thrill for me.

"How about Rick?" I asked.

"Rick would be purrrfect, would he be up for it?"

"He's a rock musician! What do you think?" 

We laughed together and continued fucking and discussed various positions we would try if Rick could join us.

We knew Rick from the theater group. He volunteered to help with building the sets and lighting. He liked giving his time for the sake of the "arts", meeting new, out of the normal run people and networking for the odd-job here or there. 

Now, I think of him as being young, but he was about 25, about four years younger than myself. Tall, dark, broad shouldered, narrow hips with slabs of muscle thrown here, there, everywhere. All the girls were crazy about him

Even Barb had mentioned, (planted in my brain I am thinking now) that he was "gorgeous" which is how is name made my list. Although Rick had a steady, I also knew he never turned down a chance to have yet another sexual experience. Typically male!

Rick was trying to make a living with music at night and doing contractor type work by day. He was not the brightest bulb in the basket so when speaking with him I just made a mental note not to bring up a topic outside his simple daily life.

He had this immature, unsophisticated idea that he was an "artist", and he needed to hear that from people to feed his ego. Everything about him was unoriginal and derivative, but his little vanity was the most obnoxious part of him, which wasn't so bad. Otherwise he was polite, well-mannered, well-spoken and without any kind of "agenda". All in all, a refreshing personality, relative to the rest of the world.

Barb and I picked up our love making whenever an opportunity arose. Every time we met her intent on having this happen became more and more evident.. We often discussed the 3 some idea in bed, at lunch, in our drives to the theater.

Barb's husband frequently went out of town as part of his job with a local t.v. station. We made a plan that if everything could sync, with her husband out of town and other variables, then we would go out to the local hotel where Rick's band played and try to seduce him.

And there the plot hung, until:

One Friday afternoon Barb called me with the news that her husband had an assignment in Portland until Sunday. There was no reason to clarify what that meant. 

"What time should I pick you up?"

We made arrangements that she would come to my place first for fear of creating a stir with her neighbors. 

She showed up at about 7 p.m. with a soft tap on the door. This was a special night for Barb; seduction ending in a "threesome". I knew enough about women and actresses to know she would plan her "look". So, I opened the door with some anticipation.

She was dressed in a deep purple, then fashionable "kulat". 

Everyone must know that a kulat is a one piece, form fitting suit, with pant legs starting just above mid thigh, a belt accent and button down front. Distinctively tight in the crotch and behind and snug all over, revealing enough to show the natural shape of Barb's braless boobs. She wore some flashy gold jewelry and mid-calf boots. The whole outfit balanced precariously between sexy and slutty.

She came in the apartment and we kissed nervously, passionately. My hard on pressed against her belly.

"I don't think Rick stands a chance." I said.

I wanted to fuck and suck her then and there, but she demurely toned down my naughtiness. Barb was wise, she wanted to keep the sexual tension high. 

This was her "special night" to have sex with two good looking guys at the same time. Would an opportunity like this ever present itself again? She wanted to bring it all on at the same moment.

We lingered around the apartment an hour or so, sharing a drink and talking. My balls literally hurt, but thankfully the insistent tension of my sexuality subsided. I felt better about Barb's idea of just cooling it.

"Ready to go cut a rug?" I asked

About 15 minutes later we were at the hotel, ordering our drinks. Rick was on stage playing and we waved to him and he nodded back. 

He didn't look at all surprised to see me with a married woman. I'm sure everyone knew we were having "an affair". Nobody is that dumb, except maybe her husband.

We were early and the night was young. 

The next step was to get him over to the table during a break so we could get our intentions out. We got some drinks, sat around a bit, then danced. 

When the song finished, Barb and I went to the bandstand and asked Rick to join us during his break.

We danced a lot, the break came up and Rick came over with his drink. We talked about music, the band. The conversation was very "Rick-o-centric" because that's the way it had to be. 

He sat next to Barb, across the table from me, and she mercilessly flirted with him. She put her hand on his thigh, hit him playfully, even grabbing his hand and guiding it to her naked thigh and pressing her boobs up against the back of his arm. 

Somehow it all 'came off" to use an acting term. She played her role well. She was exactly like Nicole Kidman decades before anyone had heard of Nicole Kidman.

"Come back again on your next break." I said. 

"Definitely." Rick said.  

Barb's charms had worked their magic. Our exchange of knowing glances conveyed the confidence that things were going as planned. We had reached the next level of play. When we danced we would talk about getting down with Rick and wondered if he would be a good lover in a 3 way. Would he share or just fuck for himself? Would he be able to act within the script we had imagined?

Rick shared all his breaks with us. Barb came on each time to a very receptive Rick. The last set was coming up so I told Rick that Barb and I had a room upstairs and were going to have a party which he was welcome to join if he liked. 

I may have said Rick was not the brightest bulb in the basket, but his eyes widened, indicating the implication of the invitation wasn't lost on him.

"Sure, what's the room number?"

I told him I had to pick up the key at the desk. Actually, I hadn't reserved yet because I wasn't going to put up for a room unless it could be put to use.  Rick went to play his last set and I booked a room, came back, and while Barb and I danced I pressed a note with the room number into Rick:s hand.

On the last set Barb and I were on cloud nine together. My erection wouldn't go away and she showed her excitement by a discreet humping of my leg. 

The last song struck up. A slow, romantic tune and the dance floor darkened. That night, that last song of the last set had an epic, erotic significance. Barb and I danced close; kissing and grinding. Her slender body was molded into mine, her softness pressed against me, and I reveled in the idea that I would be sharing her with Rick in a very short time in a dreamlike, fantasy threesome. 

She, no doubt, was having similar thoughts.

Everything was going flawlessly. The last note faded away and the lights glared down on us. Instead of an ending, I felt the curtain rising for another act of our little play. 

Isn't it strange the way metaphors can come to a mind?

There was no reason to rush up to the room as Rick had to pack up the equipment which would take about 20 minutes.

We hand signaled Rick about going upstairs which he acknowledged with a big smile. We then went to the car to get out some champagne to add that festive 'something' to the party. 

In the elevator Barb and I kissed. Here I was, with a beautiful married woman on our way to a threesome at a hotel. How sleazy! How exciting! We got to the room, opened the wine and waited for our "extra cock". 

Barb sparked a joint she had brought. I don't like "mary jane" because I get so wasted so fast, but Barb enjoyed it's sensually enhancing effects, as well as dispelling the little tensions or inhibitions she might be feeling. 

As she smoked, I stood behind her, grinding my dick against her butt, kissing and smelling her golden hair, and running my hands up and down her body and into the dampness of the crotch of her kulats.

We left the door open a bit for Rick to feel welcome. He tapped lightly and entered "catching us" in my caressing and Barb exhaling a lungful of m.j. 

"Would you like to finish my joint?" Barb greeted Rick. 

She walked over to him, handed him the joint and put her arms around him for a hug pressing her body against him. She pulled his face down and kissed his lips.

"I wish I had the chance to dance with you Rick. We could have had some fun." She said smiling up at him, moving her body against his.

Rick stood cool and accepting, not knowing what to make of the situation yet, so he feigned more interest in doing the doobie.

"Oh, let me have just one more hit." she asked Rick. 

Rick held the joint to her lips. Barb, sensually, provocatively took a deep toke. Amazing the way she gave everything a sexual connotation, working up the sexual tension to a boiling froth. I'm still in awe of her today.

They broke apart, but Rick kept an arm around Barb's slender waist and she kept her arm around him. We talked "Rick Talk" and even some small talk. 

I handed Rick a drink and Barb crossed the room to get her glass, when she came near, I grabbed hold of her and pulled her close and french kissed her, my hands glided down to squeeze her round butt in front of Rick. 

The message was clear that Barb was fully available to both of us. That didn't seem to bother Rick at all!

Rick leaned against the standard hotel vanity "plank".  Barb pushed her back into him forcing him to open his legs to receive her. He was still smoking and Barb took his hand to her mouth for another hit.

The joint finished, Barb took Rick's arm and put it around her waist and wiggled her ass into his hips. We talked about some things, but I was mostly fascinated by watching this Class A tart work her wiles and tricks for which no man had a defense.  

At a dip in the conversation Barb took Rick's hand from her waist and lifted it to her breast.

"Rick, do you know what we want to do tonight." she said in a voice that befitted a flirty teen girl,

"No, but I think I can make a pretty good guess." he said with a smile and look to me. I grinned and nodded "right".

Barb undid the top buttons of her kulat and led Rick's hand inside to her bare breast. If a pin had dropped it would have been heard. There was absolute silence as I watched the movement of Rick's hand, invisible under her kulat, enjoying the "feel" of Barb's left breast. When the hand finally settled to a comfortable cupping of her tit; Barb broke the silence.

"You don't mind, do you? It's all about having a little fun, ya know?" 

She turned around kissing him on the lips.

"Nothing wrong with having a "little fun", but look, I've been working all day. Give me a minute to take a shower, o.k.?"

"O.K, we'll wait." said Barb refilling his glass to the top,"In the meantime take some champagne with you, and if you need a refill just let me know."

"I'll do that." and Rick walked into the bathroom, closed the door, thinking God knows what.

Barb came over to me and we started kissing, she held me behind the neck with one hand and with other fondled my cock and balls.

"Keep this hard for me, I'll need it in a few minutes, and I want both you guys to undress me."

"Yes, Miss Director boss lady sir!." 

I smiled, as though that wasn't something I hadn't thought of. She turned her back into me, we drank, and my hand went into her kulat onto the breast where Rick's hand had just been. 
