 Stacy and I have talked about fantasies quite a few times over the years we have been married. One that keeps coming up is her desire to kneel in the middle of a circle of cocks and take turns sucking and jerking them off until she is covered in cum. 

  About a year ago we went to a porn theater for the first time and had fun in one of the booths. I got to see her suck a few dicks through the glory hole which was fantastic. We have gone back a couple more times and had slightly more fun each time. Last time I got to watch her eat out a lady in one of the larger couples booths. It was an amazing sight.

  The trip got me thinking about the fantasy she has. We talked about her being splattered with cum while fucking recently and her pussy got so wet I could tell her excitement was real. We haven't done it yet but this is how our dirty talk went. 

  She puts on a blue dress which is low cut in the front and comes to mid thigh. Easy to expose her D cup tits and easy access to her soon to be soaked pussy. She can't wear a bra and I love the way her tits sway and jiggle as she walks. Her nipples poking through the thin cotton material.   

We take the hour long drive to the theater and Stacy is so horny she just had to pull the dress up and finger herself. She just couldn't wait to cum. The problem with this is once she cums once she has to cum again so off and on during the drive her hands would wanted to her dripping pussy and she would get herself off again. 

  We got to the theater a bit after sunset. You would never think that this little dingy place was in fact a hotbed of perversion and lust. Nearly all the guys there were bi and the few that weren't were gay. 

When we walked into the place the few men standing in the store immediately turned to stare. You could tell they were stripping Stacy with their eyes and wondering how far this slut would go. Wondering if they would see some skin, touch some or get to fuck her senseless. 

  We payed our fee and went into the main theater. Luckily there was a couch open in the middle of the room so we took our seats. I sat near there wall and Stacy sat next to me. 

The movie didn't do anything for Stacy but my hand slipping up her thigh caused her to moan. She kept staring straight ahead not wanting to look around so I slipped my hand all the way up to her thong covered pussy. She had soaked through the lace even before I started to roughly rub her slit. Her head leaned back and her eyes closed. A soft moan escaped her lips and her legs spread open. Not splayed open like she was getting fucked but definitely not lady like.   

Guys were moving closer but still keeping a respectful distance. I kept rubbing her pussy as I pulled down one of her shoulder straps freeing her big perky tits. You could hear the guys murmur approval over the sound of the movie. I pinched and pulled at her nipple and slid her thong aside so I could really get to work fingering her cunt. In a couple minutes she orgasmed. Her moans almost getting as loud as the girl on the big screen caused a few of the onlookers to pull out their cocks and start stroking.   

As she settled back down a guy came and asked if he could sit next to her. He was normal looking with an average build and Stacy agreed. Stacy had started to rub my rock hard cock through my jeans but in second she was unzipping them and pulling me out. She stroked me for a minute and the leaned over to take me in her mouth.

  She felt amazing. Having my wife suck my cock in a room full of horny men was a feeling like no other. Her moaning was a bit more enthusiastic then normal so I glanced out the guy next to her. He had his cock out and was stroking it with one hand while rubbing her now exposed ass with the other. I could see his hand reach between her cheeks rubbing her cunt also. He licked his fingers and stuck them back down between her legs. I couldn't see what he was doing but from the rocking motion she was making and the grunting I assume he was finger fucking my wife. Once again she came very quickly. It's amazing how fast she can reach orgasm when she is extremely turned on.   

Immediately she sat up kissed me and then leaned over to him letting him take one of her nipples into his mouth. She also grabbed his cock and roughly started to stroke it. After a minute of nipple play she dive down to his crotch and slurped up his dick. It wasn't huge or anything. Just average size but Stacy is much more interested in the cum than the cock when she is sucking someone.   

I noticed her thong had been pulled to the side exposing a very swollen and excited cunt. Her entire crotch was slippery and wet with her juices. I honestly don't know if I've ever seen her wetter. It took her a minute, maybe two to make this guy cum. Like a good slut she took it in her mouth but surprised me. She didn't swallow. Once he was done she sat up and let the cum dribble out of her mouth into her tits and rubbed it in.

  "I want more" she said. Since the theater is a bit close to the main store and too easy to be interrupted with the door opening I wiped down her tits. We straightened out our clothes and stood up. Some of the guys groaned thinking they had missed their chance but Stacy assured them that anyone who wanted to get blown and cum on her tits was welcome to join us in a couples room. 

  With that we went to the back. Past the booths and found an open room. After we walked in I was about to close the door but Stacy said no, she wanted as many guys as possible today. She stripped off her dress and stood there in just her heals and soaked, lacy white thong. "Who's first" she said and guys just crowded forward. She sat on the edge of the love seat and I stood beside her as protection in case someone got too rough. 

  It didn't take any time before the guys were stroking their cocks, fondling her tits and trying to get her attention so she would suck them. She was lost in the fun. Taking turns sucking first one then another. Eventually one guy popped and splattered her face with cum. It was so hot watching it run down and drop into her tits. He zipped up and another took his place.

  After this first guy came it didn't take long for others to start. Stacy LOVED it. She kept her mouth on cocks the entire time and both hands were busy stroking others. After the fifth or sixth guy came in her she turned toward the next new cock and her eyes popped open. Up until this point everyone had been average or a bit smaller. Maybe 4 to 6 inches long. This guy was still about 6 inches but thick as fuck.   

She immediately forgot the other guys in the room and wrapped both hands around it. Trying to force her mouth wide enough to get his mushroom head all the way in. It wasn't working very well and you could tell she was getting frustrated. She stared up at me and said that she needed to feel this in her. To get her cunt stretched by this big thick cock. The guy was all for it and started to get between her legs. I stopped him and handed him a magnum condom   

As this happened Stacy ripped off her thong, layed back, grabbed her thighs and spread her legs really wide. Her cunt was so wet she was dripping down to her ass and the couch. She looked entranced as he kneeled between my wife's wide spread legs. 

  The groan that came from her lips as he sank into her was unlike anything I've heard from her. A mix of supreme satisfaction and animal lust. As he bottom out in her cunt she started to shake, eyes rolling into the back of her head. The site was so hot that one of the guys still jerking off lost control and splattered another load on her tits. The feeling of hot cum and massive cock set her over the edge and she came.

  Mr big dick started ramming into her pussy. Her juice had coated his cock making for a well lubed fuck. I don't think she stopped cuming the entire time he used her. In the next five minutes three other guys shot their load on her. Each splash of hot cum caused her to flinch. He finally pulled out and ripped the condom off before shooting a huge load up her body.   

She just laid there, legs splayed wide, cunt dripping her own cum all over the couch. I couldn't handle it anymore and got between her legs impaling her again. I honestly don't think she even felt my average sized cock but I sure noticed the difference in her cunt. I rubbed the cum into her tits and ended up only lasting about a minute before cuming in her. 

  We were both done for the day so we asked everyone else to leave, got her cleaned up a bit and left. The entire ride home she slept, slouching back in the seat. I could smell the tang of cum on her shiny skin. You could see the cum drying in her hair. I couldn't help but fondle her tits and pussy off and on during the trip. When we got home we took a shower and fucked again. Her pussy was so sore that she had me stop part of the way through and finished me off with her mouth.