 Sir James stroked the soft skin behind your ear as he rubbed his nose in your tussled hair. His erection lay between the crack in your ass as he stood behind you. The image of him behind you was reflected in the large mirror. Your teats were hard and erect causing the aureole to wrinkle. 

"Your body is so fucking hot Jenna" was whispered in your ear. You find it hard to believe, but he keeps talking about you. His hands caress the large expanse of your belly. He tells you how it turns him on. His fingers explore your hips wide made for fucking he tells you. Now he's down on his knees he pushed his head between your heavy fat thighs and turns his face to your waiting cunt. 

You continued to watch in fascination as he starts to lick your swollen clit. His hands pressed against your buttocks pushing his nose and tongue further into your hot dank pussy. Placing your hands on the back of Sir James' head you shove him into you as far as he can go. The whiplash of his tongue against your clitoris causes you to shutter and cum. 

He pulls away and looks you in the eyes,"I think that is all for now."Be a good girl and go take a shower we're going out. I'll lay the clothes out for this evening." With a quick kiss he smacks your ass and shoos you away.

As the water cascaded over your body, you wonder what's on for this evening. This relationship is new and sometimes you don't exactly read him clearly. But he has woven a spell and you are slowly becoming enchanted with the idea of being his submissive fuck-slut. And to think he adores fat girls. He really is a puzzle.

As you enter the bedroom you find he is already dressed. Laid out on the bed are a pair of sheer black hose, two garter belts and a pair of pumps. "Dress!" is the simple command.

"Very pretty Jenna. Now go put on some slutty make up."

"Yes sir. At once." You reply.

He watches you apply the mascara and heavy eyeliner. The lipstick is lush and red. 

He reaches behind your head and grabbing a handful of hair turns your face to his. He inspects the work. "Good. My kind of slut. Don't forget the perfume." He adds then tells you its time to go.

Standing up you are completely naked except for the hose, garters and pumps. He says, "Come on let's go." He sees the look of fear and shock in your eyes and then continues, "Oh yes." I believe that you should perhaps put on your raincoat. Hmmm?" He then emits a quick little laugh.

The car glides through the dark city streets. It has been raining and everywhere has a slick shiny surrealistic feel. As he drives on you see the urban landscape of neon and traffic lights slipping by. Where are we headed you ask your self. He always likes an air of mystery. Oh well. Just sit back and wait you think to yourself.

A marquee glares out into the night announcing 'Adult Theatre'. "Our destination sweetheart." Said Sir James as he turns off the car's engine.

With purchase of the tickets Sir James quickly escorts you to seat at the rear of the theatre. This place is a relic. The advent of the net and porno web sites made these old movie houses quaint reminders of a different era. The seediness, the old cum smells made your pussy wet.

On the large screen was a woman being ganged banged. She had globs of cum on her face and tits. You grew hotter as you watched her fellate a stiff penis all the while having her pussy crammed with a big dick. A close up showed the dick in her pussy as it went in and out. The labia minora clung to the thick shaft. A trickle of pussy juice ran down your leg as you watched her fuck and jack off two men at the same time

"Take off the coat now!" ordered Sir James.

Silently you complied unbuttoning the trench coat and sliding off your shoulders.

"Very nice." Complimented Sir James. "Spread your legs. Wide!"

Again you obey. That heady feeling had begun. Whenever you are naked and exposed it happens. It is a combination of exhilaration and fear. Your mind shifts gears your are now a slut in need of a good fucking.

On the screen the pornographic priestess has just received a large load of spunk on her face. You watch enviously as she wipes up the delicious cream and sucks it off her fingers.

At this time a man slips into the seat next to your and fondles your right nipple. He squeezes it hard causing a jolt of pleasant pain. You hear him unzip his trousers and pull out his hard dick. "Suck it bitch!" That was all you needed to hear as you obediently began.

He grunted with pleasure as he fired a load of sperm into your mouth. You sucked him till he was soft. He then rose zipped up his fly and left without another word.

The commotion of you sucking his dick did not go unnoticed by the patrons of the theatre. Slowly men began to walk over to you and pull out their cocks. Some just looked at you and jerked off. One man came from behind and presented his penis next to your face. You latched on and sucked with gusto causing him to shoot off quickly. No worry it was almost immediately replaced with another hard cock which was shoved roughly into you mouth. 

A man pulled your thighs open and began to suck on your pussy. He licked your swollen clit and this caused you to push your cunt towards his face. He buried his face into your hairless cunt and continued the cunnilingus.

Men began to paw your exposed flesh. The groping hands rubbed your tits twisting and pulling your erect nipples.

Your first orgasm came like a rushing wind. You love being a slut and nothing turns you on like being the centerpiece of sex-fest. Spurts of hold sticky cum splattered your face and belly. The man who was eating your pussy abruptly stopped stood up with his cock in your face and said, "Here bitch eats this scummy load."

He shot cum several times onto your lips and your protruding tongue. You sucked it down without hesitation.

Sir James whispered in your ear, "Alright Jenna my little sex slave present your ass so the gentlemen can fuck it."

"Yes my master." You replied.

Willingly you do as you are told. A sudden thrust and you are entered. The ball sack slaps against you pussy as he rams home his dick. You barely are able to get comfortable when another dick is pushed into your open mouth.

You can hear the breathing of the men that surround you. Their lust fills your nostrils, which flare as you approach your next climax. You grip hard on the theatre seat armrest as the orgasm surges through you. Your own cum spurts out soaking the groin of the man whom serviced your pussy.

"Your such a wonderful fat slut Jenna. I believe you could get every man in this theatre off. That is if you wish to please your master." All the while Sir James rubbed your clit very firmly.

"Oh, yes my dear master, anything to show my devotion and worthiness. I am a fucking slut only waiting for your whim." You answered huskily."

"I know you are and I love you for it." Came his sincere reply.

The men had ceased to be gentle with you. You were turned over and spread-eagled over the seat. Each man took his turn: he entered; he would pound your pussy; he would cum then exit without even a thank you…then again and again. Some of the men just jerked off over your face shooting their salty globs of sperm onto your face. The sperm caused your whorish make-up to run making you look all the more a slut. On the screen the woman was drenched in cum; it was all over her body. It added to the surreal scene. The light flickered casting lurid shadows on the walls. You felt as if you were on the screen and in the audience simultaneously. This was fucking wonderful. Once again Sir James had pulled out another brick out from your wall of propriety. It would only take a few more lessons and experiences to qualify as his unchallenged, number one fuck slut. The thought caused another orgasm to rush through you.

Almost as soon as the sexual onslaught had begun it had finished. You were not sure how many had their way with you 25 or 30 at least. But now the theatre was empty save for you and Sir James.

"Put on your coat!" was all he said.

You rode the distance back to the house in silence. Had you displeased him. You weren't too sure.

The key slipped into the lock with a metallic gliding sound. A snap of the wrist and the door was flung open.

No sooner had you entered the atrium that the trench coat was ripped off your body. Sir James stumbled as he tried to quickly disrobe. It was a blur. You glimpsed his erect penis just before his mouth touched yours. His tongue forced itself into your mouth. Your tongue met his as he pressed his body against yours.

Words of praise fell out of him as he tried to talk, kiss and fuck you all at one time. "You were absolutely magnificent tonight. Oh God! You're such a slut. You're better than I imagined."

"I must suck your cum filled puss." He then fell on to his knees and sucked your cunt. 

"Oh yes ….please.. please fuck me master…Fuck your fat whore now."

"Yes I must." Came his breathless answer.

He made you grab your ankles then he shoved his hard manmeat into your sopping wet pussy. A pussy that was filled with the cum and saliva of many men. The heat caused by the fucking churned the sticky mass into a heady brew. The stench was an aphrodisiac to both of you.

You watched in the full-length hall mirror as he pounded your fat ass smacking it with his hand causing it to glow a hot pink.

Sir James' balls contracted and his pent up jism flooded your adoring cunt he spurted three times and continued to fuck until he was as soft as putty.

You turned around attentively and just like a mother cat with her kittens you cleaned his cock with your tongue. Feeling the limp velvet softness was such a contrast to hard dicks. You found the sensation very pleasant.

Sir James moaned and asked you to stand.

"I'm so glad we met." He said. As he held you and stroked your hair.

So am I. So am I. You silently told yourself.