 Maggie took a deep breath as she finished her oration.

"So, that's it, really, doc. I still love James deeply," she looked over at her husband sitting next to her, "but I don't know how much either of us can take."

"Please, call me June," replied doctor Phillips. "So, to briefly summarise, you and James have stopped making love due to his...er...overlarge endowment?"

"Well, yes," James interrupted, "I've always been well endowed. Maggie and I have only recently been married, but my size seems to be a real problem. You see, Maggie is rather...um...small down there!"

"Well, I'm sure that there is something that I can do," said doctor Phillips. "Perhaps we should start with taking a look at the size of the problem? Please don't be embarrassed James, I am a certified, professional sex therapist and I only want to help you."

Doctor Phillips licked her lips as James began to unbuckle his tight fitting jeans. She had been a sex therapist for many years and found that the "personal touch" that she extended to certain clients always excited her and made her as horny as hell! Before he even had chance to stand up, she had noted the large swelling in the crotch of his pants, she could hardly wait to see the full extent of him in the flesh.

As James shimmied his jeans and underwear down to his knees and proudly presented himself in front of the two women, both June and Maggie gasped out loud. Unlike June, it was certainly not the first time that Maggie had seen her new husband's cock, but every time she did see it, the size shocked and surprised her.

James stood back hands on hips and displayed his penis. Even in its slack condition, June guessed that it must have measured at least eight inches and hung down against his thigh. She also noted the James had been circumcised and the large, purple coloured mushroom head was clearly visible against his leg. June could hardly take her eyes off the monster in front of her. It was definitely the largest example of the male organ she had ever seen. She coughed and cleared her dry throat.

"Ahem...er yes...I see what you mean!"

"And when its hard, it grows to a huge size!" said Maggie as she found her voice. "You should see it."

"Yes." replied June, "I think that is exactly what I should do. Er...in the interests of helping you two, of course! Tell me Maggie, is it just penetration that is difficult, or are you able to pleasure James orally?"

"I have tried to suck him off," replied Maggie, all traces of embarrassment now vanished. "But his cock gets so big, that after a while I have difficulty in getting the head in my mouth and he just has to finish by jerking himself off. But it is nice when he cums on my boobs or my face, and he tastes really good! You want I should try now, so you can see?"

That the good doctor smiled inwardly. This girl was definitely getting with the program! As June nodded her agreement, she watched as Maggie quickly knelt in front of her husband and scooped his cock up into both hands. James groaned deeply as his petite wife began to massage his hardening shaft and tug gently on his massive balls. June looked on in astonishment as his monster penis began to grow and grow in front of his wife's face.

After only a few seconds of her caresses, James' manhood was sticking out at almost a right angle. That the head had swelled to the size of a child's fist and the shaft had lengthened to around ten or eleven inches. Before he was completely erect, however, Maggie opened her mouth and slid her glossy red lips over the glans. She had to open really wide to accept the girth even in a semi erect state and June could hear her gag slightly as James swelled even further in the confines of her mouth.

June thought that this was probably the most erotic sight she had ever witnessed and was determined to help the couple in any way she could, even if that meant "hands on" assistance!

James was now at full attention with about three inches of his meat inside his pretty wife's mouth. His eyes closed as she struggled to fellate him. June could see that Maggie was in a little trouble now and was preparing to release his swollen cock from between her lips.

"That's fine Maggie," she said with encouragement, "But don't let him go, just use your fingers on his shaft and balls and lick your tongue over his cock head."

This idea had obviously not occurred to Maggie before, but she went at her task with great enthusiasm. James was loving this new stimulation and had to lean back on the desk behind him for support. June, wanting a better view of the proceedings, knelt down and joined Maggie on the floor in front of James. She watched in awed fascination as Maggie's fingers tripped lightly up and down her husbands shaft, squeezing him and tugging gently on his swinging sac while her lips and tongue worked seductively around the head of his dick. 

James was breathing heavily now, and June could see his cock twitching as Maggie worked her new found magic. She knew that his climax was fast approaching and edged closer on her knees to ensure that she didn't miss a thing. With a gasp and a jerk of his hips both women were rewarded with a long stream of cum that shot from the end of James' cock and hit his wife squarely in the face. June could barely hide her envy as she watched Maggie scoop the wonderful liquid up with her fingers and suck it greedily into her mouth.

Maggie saw the avaricious look on the doctors face and suddenly felt a little guilty for not sharing. Without really thinking she pulled June's face towards her and kissed her deeply. That the two women's tongues entwined gracefully as they embraced, neither would have considered themselves to be gay, but their delight as they exchanged James' fluid between them was obvious.

June felt her body respond excitedly as the thick liquid rolled around her tongue. Maggie was right, she thought to herself, he tastes really great! She could also see that Maggie herself was in a state of great excitement; her face was flushed a deep red colour and her fingers were still trembling after she had let go of her husbands softening cock.

"You look like you could also do with some relief, Maggie," breathed June as they reluctantly broke their kiss. "Why don't you sit up on the desk and let me help you. It's the least I can do after you so kindly shared your husband's cum with me. James can watch for a while and get his strength back!"

Maggie was up and sitting on the desk in a flash. Watching her husband cum in front of her with another woman looking on had turned her on hugely and she was desperate for some action herself. She watched the doctor crawl towards her on her hands and knees and then raise herself between Maggie's legs.

James had now recovered his composure and was standing off to the side of the desk where his wife was sat. He could hardly believe that one of his all time fantasies was about to come true: he was about to watch his petite wife having sex with another woman!

He looked on as, slowly, June raised his wife's short, black skirt higher and higher up her naked legs. As the garment was haphazardly bunched up around her waist, he could see the distinctive damp patch on Maggie's white panties. June was obviously too excited to wait whilst she took her lovers panties off completely, so merely pulled them to one side and immediately buried her face in Maggie's wet snatch.

James moved closer to see as June's tongue flicked lazily up and down his wife's slit. That the folds of her outer lips opened like a flower in bloom as she found the hard bud of her clitoris and sucked it into her mouth. Maggie cried out. Her orgasm was quick and powerful, her legs draped over the other woman's shoulders as her naked feet beat a rhythmical tattoo on June's back.

"Ahhhhh ohhhhhhhh...yes...lick me...suck my clit...mmmmm...I'm cumming..."

"Oh yes baby," June retorted, "cum for me let me taste your sweet, juices!" Again, June thought, James had been correct in his description of his wife's vagina. She was tiny down there; really tight and succulent and her orgasm had soaked June's face. She could see the little hole contract in front of her eyes as the orgasm continued to pulse through her body.

Eventually, Maggie relaxed as her climax subsided and, reluctantly disengaging herself from her new lover, climbed down from the desk.

"My turn to watch now!" she cried. "June, I want you to stay exactly where you are and see if you, as a more experienced woman, can take James' attentions, okay?"

June didn't need to be asked twice. Since seeing his penis at the start, she had been longing to feel him inside her pussy. At forty two years old, she guessed she was at least eighteen years older than Maggie and was all together a larger woman. She had taken many lovers in her time, and although none could boast James' dimensions, she thought that she would be able to accommodate him with little discomfort. As Maggie had requested, she stayed on her hands and knees on the floor and glanced over her shoulder towards James. Watching the show the two women had put on, had obviously had the desired effect on him, and James was now sporting a renewed erection.

"Come on then, ya big stud!" June purred, "come and give this slut what she needs! I want that big dick of yours inside me now!"

Maggie wanted to help the proceedings along, and flipping June's skirt up and over her ample butt she licked her lips as the older woman's pale blue panties were revealed. June sighed as Maggie ran her hands slowly and lovingly over the covered globes of her buttocks, slipping her finger down into the valley between her legs and feeling the damp gusset.

"She's definitely ready for you honey," Maggie whispered to James as she deftly tugged the garment over her bottom and wriggled it down June's thighs. "Look, she's soaking wet!"

James could see the moisture leaking from between the folds of June's pussy as his wife had indicated, but he was too excited at the prospect of fucking her to look for very long. Assisted by his wife, and to the sound of Maggie's loud moans, he opened her vaginal lips as wide as he could and eased the massive head of his erect cock into her pussy. June's moans turned to small squeals of delight as she felt herself being penetrated. It was almost as if a baseball bat was being inserted into her (although she had once tried that and failed!), as James pushed his huge penis deeper and deeper.

"Oh god," cried James as he sank in to the hilt. "She's got it all in honey. It feels so good in there. Her cunt's so hot and wet!"

Maggie felt a slight pang of jealousy, but was too excited to let it spoil the fun. "Fuck her James...Go on ... Fuck her deep and hard!" she cried

"Yes, James. Do me. Fuck my slut pussy for me!" June exclaimed. She was near to orgasm already and knew that as soon as this big cock started to fuck her properly, she was going to explode.

Slowly at first, but quickly picking up the pace, James thrust his cock into June's hot pussy. She had swallowed up every inch of him and he could feel the warm result of her screamed orgasm soak into his pubic hair. Harder and harder he began to fuck the eager woman as she bucked her hips back towards him, drawing him further into her depths. The sensations were exquisite and, with a final lunge into her slippery tunnel, James's began to cum for the second time. His orgasm, though, was none the less powerful and he groaned through clenched teeth as his seed poured into the older woman's womb. When he eventually pulled his cock free of June's well dilated hole and sat back on his heels, he was delighted as both women fell upon him with eager mouths and took turns licking the streaks of semen from his spent manhood.

When they had all managed to get their breath back, it was Maggie who asked the question. "Well doctor...I mean June, This has been great, but apart from showing me how to make James's cum in my mouth, you still haven't solved the problem of him actually fucking me, have you? I've just got to do it, you looked so hot with his cock buried inside you like that. I want to feel it too - isn't there anything more you can do?"

June had already anticipated this question and smiled warmly at the younger woman. "One thing at a time, honey," she cooed gently. "That the problem is that your pussy needs stretching and spreading. I can help you with that," she winked "but it's going to take a few more sessions. Shall we say the same time next week?"

"What about the same time tomorrow?" interrupted James with a wicked smile on his face.

"Oh good," said doctor June Phillips, "I was hoping you might say that!"