 Rob has had two fantasies for several years. He has decided to share one of them with us. It is still a fantasy. Probably for two reasons. One, he is not sure he could handle the reality if they actually happened and two, He doesn’t think he could talk his wife into either one.

They are fairly common male fantasies. Getting your wife into a three way is probably what most guys would like to have happen to them. He fantasizes about a three way with both another girl and his wife and sometimes with another man and the two of them.

This story is about Ann (his wife), her best friend Helen and Rob. Both women are very attractive and well built. Ann is five foot six inches tall, medium length brown hair, B-cup breasts, a small waist with big hips (four kids) and long shapely legs. She loves sex. Helen is very short, at five foot even, with short brown hair, D-cup breasts, a nice waist, with slim hips and good legs.

Ann recently told Rob that Helen likes sex and lately has not been getting enough attention from her husband. Both women have gorgeous faces. That is what keeps causing his fantasy to reoccur all of the time. Rob’s fantasy is having his dick in between Ann and Helen’s four luscious looking lips! Not to mention the fact he’d love to tit fuck Helen. Rob gets hard every time he thinks about it!

Almost every Thursday afternoon Ann and Helen get together and talk about whatever it is that women seem to talk about. They have been doing this for a couple years now. Three or four months ago Rob noticed that on Thursday nights, when he get home from work, that Ann’s breath started smelling of alcohol. Rob asked Ann about it and she told him that she and Helen would have a glass or two of wine now and then. Usually, later that evening, Ann would have a couple of more drinks. Then the sex would get hotter than normal! Rob sort of likes this! Usually this would trigger his fantasy and, as he fucks his wife, he’d imagine Helen in bed with them.

The fantasy goes something like this:

It is Thursday afternoon and the women are at Rob and Ann’s house having their weekly visit. They have already had a couple glasses of wine. Rob’s at work and decides he doesn’t feel like staying there any longer and wants to go home. He calls Ann and tells her he’s on the way home. She reminds him that she and Helen are having their weekly talk and he’ll have to stay out of their way.

Rob: “OK, I’ll be invisible.”

When Rob gets home and enters the house he can hear them talking. They don’t know he’s home yet and he over hears part of their conversation.

Ann: “That’s not really true is it?”

Helen: “Yes, I haven’t had sex in six whole weeks!”

Ann: “How do you stand it?”

Helen: “I can’t. I just want him to make love to me! But he claims he is so tired lately and he keeps falling asleep every night! I’m beginning to think he might be having an affair! I’m so horny I could just about fuck anyone right now! ”

Rob hears this and his heart starts to pound!. Do you think this might be the chance he’s been hopping for? He decides to go for it. He re-opened the front door and closed it loudly and yelled out:

“Honey, I’ home!” 

“We’re in here!” 

Rob wanders into the family room and is greeted by the luscious sight of both of them. They are seated facing each other on the large couch. Rob notices a large, nearly empty, wine bottle on the table between them and two empty glasses. He picks up the bottle and empties it into their glasses. This only fills them about a third of the way. Rob tells the women he will get them another bottle. They both smiled and said:

“Good!”

Rob could tell they were feeling no pain! When Rob came back, with a new bottle of wine, he refilled their empty glasses. He stepped back and looked them over. Ann had her hair in a pony tail and was wearing a T-Shirt, shorts and no shoes. Helen was also barefooted. She was wearing tight short shorts and a strapless halter top that barely contained her ample tits. The sight of her nipples sticking out caused Rob’s dick to stir! The girls had drank enough that his stiffening dick went unnoticed. Rob went and got some more to drink. He reasoned that if they got drunk enough he was in! Rob came back with a wine glass for himself, three shot glasses and a large bottle of Tequila!

Rob asked them if they minded if he joined them. He explained he’d had a rough day at work and needed a drink to relax.

They said: “Sure, sit down.”

Rob poured his wine and set up three shots of Tequila for all of them. Then he sat down in between them. They were close enough that their naked legs were pressed tightly against his. To Rob’s delight, they did not move away!

Rob proposed a toast with his shot glass: “Here’s to good friends!”

They all downed the shots. The women each proposed toasts and they downed a few more shots. Rob managed to get six shots of Tequila into each of them, while only actually drinking one himself. If this was going to work he didn’t want to be too drunk to perform! By now the girls were getting pretty sloppy drunk. 

Rob leaned back and put his arms around them both and pulled them a little closer. Ann snuggled up to him and dropped her hand on his thigh. Rob dropped his arm down behind Ann and took her right breast in his hand and gave it a quick squeeze and let go of it. Helen was a little tense with Rob’s arm on her shoulder. He massaged the back of her neck for a few moments and she completely relaxed.

Rob I thought: “This is going good!”

Helen leaned into him and put her hand on his other leg! Rob turned to Ann and she lifted her face to his and kissed him in an all out, I’m yours fuck me kiss. At the same time Helen slid her hand up Rob’s leg and cupped his dick and balls. Rob turned to her and she offered him a wild French kiss. As Helen’s tongue explored Rob’s mouth, she squeezed his dick tightly! Soon Helen’s hand was joined by Ann’s! They fondled and squeezed his now raging hard on. They got Rob’s pants undone and out popped his rigid dick.

Now that Rob’s dick was out in the open they both had their hands on it! As Ann and Helen slowly stroked his dick up and down, Rob untied Helen’s halter top and her massive tits popped free. Rob took Helen’s left tit in his hand and slowly started massaging it. He took his other hand and grabbed Ann’s right tit Rob massaged it as well! Rob’s dick was now so hard he thought it would burst! Here he was, on the couch, with the two most beautiful women in the neighborhood. They each had a hand on his dick and he had a hand on one of each of their tits! As they all massaged each others parts, his dick started to leak pre cum. Ann noticed it and told Helen:

“You’d better lick that off of there, we don’t want to waste it!”

Helen’s hand was closer to the end of his dick than Ann’s was. Helen tightened her grip and slid her hand right up to the head of Rob’s hard dick. Incredibly, she bent down and slipped her mouth over the end of his dick! Ann let go of Rob’s dick and took his head in both hands and pulled him into a passionate kiss. As they were swapping tongues, Helen slid her mouth slowly down his shaft and swallowed the whole thing! Rob was busy grabbing both of their tits and caressing their bodies every where he could reach and touch. Helen is an expert cock sucker. To his surprise, Ann took hold of Helen by the hair and helped her slid up and down his dick.

Rob: “I’m going to cum!”

Ann got down next to Helen’s face and pulled Rob’s dick from Helen’s wildly sucking mouth and slid it into her own. Both women alternated back and forth for three or four strokes each. This lasted for what he hoped would be forever, but was really only a few exchanges of mouths. Rob blew his load during one of the exchanges. He blasted cum all over their faces! They leaned around his dick and kissed each other! Ann and Helen licked Rob’s cum off of his dick and each others faces and swallowed it all.

Helen: “Rob, FUCK ME NOW!”

Rob pushed the coffee table out of the way and got between Helen’s luscious legs. He kissed her pussy through her shorts. Helen raised her hips and Rob pulled her shorts down, exposing her hairy pussy. She was completely natural and unshaven. He threw her shorts on the floor and kissed her now exposed pussy. Helen humped Rob’s face and yelled at him:

“FUCK ME!”

Rob glanced at his wife. Ann was taking off her T-Shirt and her face was covered up. He took this as a go sign! Getting up on his knees Rob slammed his dick as hard as he could into Helen’s dripping pussy! She let out a loan moan that turned into a shrill scream that became a wail of her yelling over and over:

“FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!”

Rob was hammering Helen’s pussy as fast and as hard as he could, he felt Ann put her hands on his ass! She started pushing him into her friend’s pussy as hard as she could! After a few minutes of this, she moved around to Helen’s side. Ann then took one of Helen’s tits in her mouth and began sucking it like she’d done it all of her life! Helen was now getting close to her release. The sensation of a new cock in her pussy and her tit being sucked by Ann was driving her wilder and wilder. Rob leaned over and took her other tit in his mouth. Now Helen had a mouth on each tit and a dick in her pussy what more could she want? Ann answered that! She took her hand and shoved a finger into Helen’s virgin ass! This sent Helen screaming over the top! Rob continued pumping her pussy. Since he had already cum once, the second time was not even close yet. After her massive orgasm, Helen fell limp back on the couch, with Rob still pounding her pussy.

Ann crawled up on Helen’s chest and presented her pussy to Helen’s face. Helen opened her mouth and stuck her tongue into it. Rob continued to slam Helen’s pussy while he watched this sight. He grabbed both of Helen’s big tits and played with them for awhile. Watching Ann’s ass moving all over Helen’s face kept him at a fever pitch of arousal. Rob pulled his dick from Helen’s talented pussy with a resounding pop! It was smeared with her juices. 

Rob slid up and pushed her big tits into a valley and started tit fucking her! He’s wanted to do that since the first time he met her! Every time Rob got to the top of a stroke, the end of his dick would jab Ann’s ass. Finally, on one of these up strokes, Rob’s dick slipped farther up and slipped right into Ann’s dripping pussy! It slipped in right in to the hilt! By now she was super wet. Rob felt Ann’s pussy clutching his cock and Helen’s tongue licking on his shaft every time it came out of Ann’s pussy. He was now fucking Ann like it was the first time (fast and hard)! The only thing left Rob wanted to see now was, Ann eating Helen’s pussy. Ann’s pussy was grabbing and releasing Rob’s slamming rod and he could feel Ann getting close to her orgasm. He really started ramming his cock into her pussy! All at once Ann clamped down on his dick and shoved her pussy flat on Helen’s face and yelled:

“OH YES! I’M CUMING!”

Rob was deep in her pussy and still hadn’t cum for the second time yet. He was close, very close. He stayed lodged in Ann’s pussy and maneuvered her around so she and Helen were in a sixty-nine position. Helen continued eating Ann’s pussy. Rob shoved Ann’s willing mouth onto Helen’s fresh fucked pussy. It was covered in a mixture of dried cum and her juices. Ann started licking and sucking on it like a pro. This was great, Helen was licking Ann’s pussy and his dick as it slammed in and out of Ann’s pussy and Ann was licking Helen’s pussy. Rob continued to fuck Ann until he was very close to cuming. Rob wanted to cum in Helen’s pussy! He pulled out of Ann’s wonderful pussy and went around to the other end of this sex pile. Rob got between Helen’s legs and shoved his dick back into her sweet pussy. Now he had Ann licking his dick while he fucked Helen! Rob hammered away for a short time and blasted the biggest load of cum he had ever unloaded! Rob pulled his erupting dick out of Helen’s pussy and slipped it into Ann’s mouth. He moved his dick back and forth, from pussy to mouth, until it went soft. Rob sat down on a chair and watched the two of them put on a fantastic show for him! Both women were on the verge of a final orgasm. They ate each other into screaming orgasms! They both were laying exhausted on the couch and Rob was on the chair. All three of them were completely fucked out.

As Rob pulled into his driveway he wondered:

“What would he do until the girls were through with their hen session?”

The End