 A man and a woman, both married to people they love, meet online. They chat, they become friends, they share secrets of things they want to experience. Never intending things to go where they eventually did...

The meeting had been long in coming, long in planning. But it was finally at hand. Both couples were far from home, so they had opted to stay at the Holiday Inn. Chad and Anya being the first to arrive, had made their way to the Jacuzzi. She, in her black bikini, he in his swim trunks baring his hairy chest. They lay back, eyes closed momentarily, trying to catch some rest before the other couple arrived. For they were sure the rest of the meeting would be exhausting, or they were counting on it. He moved his hand onto her thigh, the jets of water caressing them both. His hand trailed higher, teasing her clit thru the fabric of her bikini. She smiled, opening her eyes to get a look at him. Their tongues met first, then their lips. She moved, straddling his lap, not breaking their kiss. The water bubbled and swirled around them as he fondled her breasts, kissing the parts that were exposed.

"Maybe we'll get started before they get here." 

Anya giggled at her husband, sucking on his neck. She caught a movement out of the corner of her eye. Someone else was getting into the hot tub. She pulled back, sliding off his lap. A hand on her upper back prevented her from doing so.

"Don't stop on our account." a familiar sexy voice said.

Anya turned, looking at the voice on the other end of the phone for the fist time. The man on the other side of the internet connection. Their eyes met and she smiled. They hadn't told their spouses exactly how they met. They hadn't told them about the phone sex, the pictures, the frequent cyber sex. She sent him a flirtatious smile, he matched it before moving his gaze to Chad.

"Hi." he nodded.

Chad nodded back. Anya looked over at her friend's wife. A tall woman with gorgeous curves. Rhianna met the woman's gaze. Anya smiled, licking her lips. The tall red head sat next to the married couple. Chad took his wife's hand, moving it over to the woman's thigh. Rhianna and Anya looked at each other briefly, closing their eyes as their lips met. Anya felt her husband's dick jump, pressed against her crotch under the jets of hot water, at the sight. Rhianna slipped her pierced tongue into Anya's mouth, greeted by the woman's own. Their lips locked, they curiously tasted each other for a few moments. The husbands watched, their blood racing into familiar territory. The kiss ended, but the women stayed close. Anya's lips traced a path to the woman's ear. There she whispered softly.

"I want you... now."

Sven glanced back at Chad. "We should all go to a room."

Anya stood, climbing out of the hot tub. Sven watched her ass, fondling it on her way out.

"Our room is ready," Chad spoke up, "we got here a while ago."

"I'll show you where it is." Anya took Sven's arm, eager to get him out of earshot of their spouses. As soon as they were, she spoke to him. "You still want to play with Chad?"

"Of course."

"I think I can arrange it. just don't make a move on him until I tell you to, okay?"

"Okay."

She cracked a smile. "I'm looking forward to fucking your wife. She's hot."

Sven grabbed her, giving her a long deep kiss. They barely finished when their other halves caught up. Anya's eyes again took in the sight of the woman she was going to get the pleasure of doing. Rhianna met her gaze and the two women led the way to the room.

Chad unlocked the door. Anya was first inside, taking an alcoholic drink from the table before turning back to the task at hand. She reached up, a hand in the Rhianna's red hair, her other at the woman's back, and kissed her for the second time. As their soft feminine lips teased each other, their tongues darting between, Sven undid his wife's bikini top. Chad did the same to his wife. Rhianna reached over, sliding Anya's top down, fondling her breasts, teasing the nipples with her thumbs. Anya responded in kind, leaving the women's tops laying in a pile at their feet. The kiss ended, Anya's hands at Rhianna's waist while she turned her attention to the woman's fine breasts. She held them first, gently massaging the soft mounds. Rhianna watched, enjoying the attention. Anya licked each nipple, savoring the experience she had been longing for. Her tongue circled the left nipple, closing her mouth on it as she sucked it happily. Her hands slid the rest of the bikini off. Behind his wife, Chad did the same to Anya's. Rhianna let out a small sigh of enjoyment mixed with anticipation. Anya paused, looking up at her.

"If you liked that, girl, you'll love this."

She sank to the floor, her knees spread to keep her balance, her head tilted to better reach her goal. Chad slid a finger into his wife's soaking wet pussy while she licked the redhead's thighs, slowly making her way to the goal. Anya's tongue flicked Rhianna's piercing, playing with it. She was rewarded with another sigh of enjoyment. Anya lost her patience, giving in to her strong desire to a woman for the first time. She planted her hands on Rhianna's ass, holding on as she licked at her clit, her tongue moving to the woman's lips, loving the scent of arousal. Sven stood behind his wife, his hands caressing her breasts, kissing her neck.

"Why don't you and Anya go over to the bed?"

"I think that's a good idea." She replied taking Anya's hand, leading the woman to the bed. She laid down first, watching her partner climb onto the bed, her head between Rhianna's spread legs. Anya sucked on the woman's clit, moving down, slipping her tongue into the wet pussy. Rhianna closed her eyes, concentrating on the sensations. Anya ate out of the warmness, moaning her enjoyment. She had dreamed that giving pleasure to another woman would be this good. She was not disappointed. Chad moved up behind her slipping a finger into her. Anya moaned louder, burying her face between Rhianna's legs. Rhianna's legs tightened around her partner's head involuntarily, holding the mouth there that brought her pleasure. Sven reached over, pinching his wife's nipples, watching the scene intently.

"Come on her face, babe." He coaxed, kissing her deeply.

Anya came up for air, her lips glistening with Rhianna's juices. "I'm going to make you cum, Rhianna....mmm I'm going to make you cum hard."

Anya slipped her finger in, sucking gently on the woman's clit. Rhianna squirmed, Sven still pinching her nipples, kissing her again. She reached down, a hand in Anya's hair, holding the woman's head in place as she reached orgasm, moaning into her husband's mouth. Anya's body shook as Rhianna's reaction gave her an orgasm of her own, her muscles squeezing the three fingers her husband had in her. When it was over, Anya rolled off Rhianna, looking up at her with a smile. 

"That was fun." She said dreamily. She turned to Sven. "You want some of this?" Anya looked in his eyes, licking the finger she had just pulled out of Rhianna. 

Sven put a hand on the back of her head, pulling her towards him, licking his wife's cum from her face, slipping his tongue into her mouth to get more. They were evenly matching in their love of kissing, slowing down to enjoy the play of open mouths and dancing tongues. She lost interest in what her husband might find out about her apparant attraction to this man and how long it had been going on. She played with his gorgeous long hair, fondled his hard cock, all the while frenching him deeply. The kiss finally ended, she moved on to his neck, sucking it hungrily, eager to be fucked by him. His hand trailed down her spine, between her buttocks.

"I know what you want." She said softly, stroking his dick. "And you can have it."

He looked over at his wife, she had moved on the bed, and he knew what she wanted, also. 

"Get back on the bed." He told Anya. 

She looked over at his wife also. 

Rhianna smiled. "I want to taste you, now."

Anya moaned with anticipation and climbed on top of the woman, her soaking wet pussy hovering just above Rhianna's face. Sven dangled his cock in front of his wife, she sucked it into her mouth briefly, getting it wet for him. He put a hand on Anya's back, pressing his dick against her ass. She moaned lustily, wiggling her backside in a effort to hurry the couple. Rhianna slid a finger into Anya's sweet spot, her muscles contracting with pleasure.

"More! Oh fuck, more Rhianna!" Anya begged.

Rhianna obliged her, adding another finger. In response to Anya's continued pleasure, she made the total three.

"Sven...where are you? Put it in."

He pressed his swollen head slowly into her tight ass. Chad had clamed onto the bed, also, his own hard cock before his wife. He took a hold of her hair, pulling her mouth onto his dick. She closed her lips around it, squealing against it as Sven's thick hard on entered her fully. Her ass, tight and hot, took his length in with only slight difficulty. Rhianna pulled her fingers out, replacing them with her tongue. Her hand wandered to her husband's balls, squeezing them gently. Sven bent over Anya, fondling her breasts, twisting her nipples as she had once told him she liked. He pumped his dick slowly in and out of her tight ass, giving her time to adjust, just as they had discussed when they had been planning this meeting. His tempo quickened as she moved her body in time with his, eager to be filled with his cum. He fucked her then, hard and fast; strong and sure, his wife's lips on his balls, his dick buried in the horny slut under him. Anya continued screaming her pleasure against Chad's dick as she and Sven moved together, Rhianna finger fucking her with four fingers now. He held her hips now, his body reaching climax. He groaned, gripping her tightly, his balls contracting momentarily just before his hot semen exploded, filling her ass. She screamed, her mouth free this time, fingers digging into the bed, falling on top of Rhianna's nude form as her body shuddered. Sven pulled out and stepped back, bending over to reward his wife with another kiss. Anya turned, looking at the two. She laid on her friend's wife, their bare breasts pushed together. Rhianna ended the kiss and looked up at Anya. The two kissed slowly, sweetly as one would expect women to do.

"I need a favor from you. My poor husband hasn't gotten off yet."

"Well then, let's take care of him."

The wives turned, ascending on Chad's prone form. He lay on the bed, his dick at attention.

"We're gonna play a little game, baby." Anya straddled her husband's chest. "You have to keep your eyes closed, so you don't know who is where. Okay?"

He nodded eagerly, loving the idea. As his eyes closed, Anya moved down to his dick. The two women took turns sucking it, licking it together. Anya glanced over at Sven, a mischievous glint in her eyes. He knew what she was up to. 

She whispered to Rhianna, "Go sit on his face, he's good."

Rhianna smiled, straddling Chad's face. He smelled her cum and lapped it up, drinking it in. She gripped the headboard. Anya climbed off the bed while Rhianna and Chad were distracted. She grinned at her friend.

"Is she okay with it?"

"Yes."

"Go suck him good, babe."

Sven knelt at the end of the bed, gingerly licking the head of the hard cock before him. He took it in his mouth, enjoying his first taste of dick. He grabbed Chad's balls, massaging them as he sucked hard, moving up and down the throbbing shaft. Chad moaned against the wet sex he was devouring. Anya watched Sven swallow her husband's cock, biting her tongue to keep from moaning with her husband. Sven moved his hand precisely up and down Chad's shaft, gently sucking the head, his tongue teasing the slit. This made Chad moan again, close to losing his load. Anya could stand it no longer. She joined Sven, their tongues bathing the pulsing cock together. Chad's eyes flew open, startled, but Rhianna's thighs were firmly planted against his cheeks. His dismay was momentary as Anya let Sven get back to work, taking Chad to edge of orgasm yet again. 

"Get on your knees, baby." Anya looked at Chad.

He obeyed her, looking back at her nervously. Rhianna moved back on the bed, laying down before him. Sven moved over to the side, guiding Chad's dick into her. Her eyes closed, head back as he fully entered her. He fucked her eagerly, loving her tight pussy, her breasts bouncing with each thrust. Anya put her arms around her husband, sucking on his neck while watching him fuck another woman, eagerly awaiting what she knew was about to happen. Rhianna moved away from Chad, as her husband came closer. Chad watched, frozen in place, as Sven got on top of his own wife. Rhianna took his dick into her soaking pussy. He fucked her as he knew she liked, watching her squirm beneath him. 

Anya's hands moved down to her husband's cock, wet from fucking Rhianna. She pressed it against the other man's asshole, coaxing it in. Chad watched, still unable to move from shock. Sven winced from the pain as the thick cock entered his virgin ass. Chad thrust in suddenly, burying himself in the man's hot tight willing ass. They groaned simultaneously at the sensation. Anya watched, fingering herself now, biting at Chad's shoulder. He pulled back, only his swollen head still inside, pushing it all back in with a sudden movement. Again and again he did this, faster and faster, the two men grunting as they came ever closer to ecstasy. Chad exploded first, his head back, eyes closed. Sven felt him tense up, Chad's hips against him as hot cum filled him up. Sven came a moment later, his face in his wife's tits, her sex drinking him up.

The four untangled, each couple holding onto their spouses, their favorite moments of the encounter lingering in their minds.

Yes, there are more adventures in store for these two couples. Look for the second installment soon... ;-)