 During the week, they have lunch with Duong, smirking if they are sitting alone, only smiling if there is someone else at the table. Before Christmas break, Laura joins them again one evening, and they exchange their erotic experiences - and a lot of pussy juice. 

In January, Jane and Kathy greet each other again in their room, first with wry smiles. One asks softly: 

We really did all that?"

"With him? Or us?"

"Both." 

"We did. "Want to?"

"I guess so."

"Until he can say that."

They chuckle, grinning as they start to get undressed. One remarks: 

"Good thing we remade our beds before."

"Um-hmmmm!"

Many minutes later, after kissing each other's wet face, Kathy murmurs: 

"I was hoping we would, like this."

"Before we unpacked?"

"Um-hmm."

"Nothing over the holidays?"

"With my parents, and New Year's Eve with some of their friends - and their children, my age. Oh, I kissed one of the boys, we all did. I mean, there were as many boy as girls, but it was only a New Year's eve kiss - with my parents there!"

"Would have been better if they hadn't been?"

"Hmm! Any port in a storm; maybe. And you?"

"Better, not with the parents, sort of a class reunion."

"And?"

"Maybe 'any port in storm.' After midnight, someone turned off the lights."

"And then?"

"We'd never dated, but, well, I guess we tried to make up for that."

"All the way?!"

"Not quite. But in the dark, and others' sounded like they might be - don't know if any really went that far."

"Hmm! And you two?"

"Almost as good as that, you know, our hands everywhere they could be."

"Hmm! Sounds like wet panties."

"Very, and wet boxer shorts."

"Hmm! Lucky."

"Better than nothing."

"Wonder what he did, Duong."

"Fantasies about us."

"Like yours?"

"Um-hmm, and yours?"

"Of course!"

They embrace, kissing again, and then get up and unpack and go to supper. 

They meet him before Jane's first French course, with smiles and best wishes for the New Year. "Together," one of them adds, and their smiles become smirks, as they all nod. Then one of the girls murmurs: 

"But not this weekend, you know."

He nods and asks if they had nice vacations. When they ask him about his, he snorts with a slightly embarrassed expression, then smiles wryly and replies: 

"Very good, ... but not sure I can tell you."

"That's nice, but you don't have to," Kathy murmurs.

"Only if you want to, after ..., you know, next weekend."

"Hmm? Maybe then. ... Thought about you sometimes."

"We did too."

"Um-hmm." 

"Like I did?" he asks.

"Um-hmmm!" they both reply with grins, one adding: "I hope so."

He nods, and they agree to meet the Saturday morning after next, smirking.

As they separate, going their way, the girls hum and exchange smiles, linking little fingers.

"Wet panties?"

"Yours are."

"'Cause you know yours are too."

"Hm-hmm!"

"They are."

"Hmm! Hope he tells us about his vacation."

"Must have been good, the way he wasn't sure that he could tell us."

"'Our' Duong? With another girl?"

"He isn't 'ours'."

"I guess so."

Before their rendezvous with him, they spend an evening with Laura, who tells that she used up a couple of sets of batteries with her toothbrush in her pussy. Kathy complains that she had forgotten to use hers that way. Jane remarks with a grin that she wouldn't have forgotten. When they tell her about their conversation with Duong, she chuckles with a grin. Jane and Kathy also grin, and then the three of them forget about boys for a while.

They meet him for a lunch a couple of times, parting each time with mention of the coming Saturday, then exchanging smirks, his as immediate and broad as theirs. When they see him at breakfast that morning, they don't join him, but he pats the table again, raising his eyebrows.

They have already remade their beds, so have nothing to do after breakfast but wait for him. They look at each other, smirking with snorts. Kathy snorts again and rubs her arm over her breasts. Jane grins and says: 

"Mine too."

"Should we take them off, our bras?"

"Should have thought of that before. Now, he would probably knock while we are."

"That wouldn't matter."

"Then take yours off and find out. Hmm! You want to do what I did?"

"Hm-hmm! That was an offer. He didn't say anything about just this morning. Maybe not that fast."

"But then?"

"And then you can too. Where is he?"

"Thanks. Yeah, where is he?"

They sit in silence for a few seconds. Then Jane smirks and says: 

"Waiting for you to take off your bra."

"We could put the beds together."

"Yeah, he knows that is how they are going be."

They are about to move the bed, when he knocks. 

"Just as well," Jane remarks and turns to open the door. 

"Hi. Is this the right room?" he asks facetiously with a grin.

"It sure is," she replies, 

"Sorry to be late; got in a conversation and couldn't tell that I had to hurry off."

"You're not late. We were just about to move the bed," Kathy replies. 

"Oh, of course. Let me help."

They all smirk slightly with a chuckle, and the girls pick up one end and he the other, then chuckling again as they look at the adjacent beds. He remarks: 

"So, you had good vacations?"

"Pretty good. Oh, good, of course, Kathy replies: "just, well, mostly family. And yours?"

Jane gestures for them to sit down, sitting on the bed, the other two turning their desk chairs to her. He asks Jane: 

"And yours?"

"A little better, New Year's Eve, at least. Oh, it was fine with the family. And yours? Good, I hope."

"Hmm? Yeah, real good, very surprisingly, but, like I said, don't know if I can tell you."

"Don't have to, of course, but you do make us curious."

"Very!"

"Probably shouldn't have asked about yours."

"Oh, we would have asked; everyone does; doesn't make any difference."

"I guess so."

When the girls snort with smiles, he smiles wryly. 

"You've said that before," Jane remarks.

"Too many times."

"But they were all good," Kathy replies.

"Hmm? Like that: 'times'?"

Kathy looks a little flustered. Jane snorts and replies: 

"Not too many times, 'like that'."

As they all chuckle, Kathy rubs an arm over her breasts, nodding, and murmurs: 

"If I said it, ..." then louder: "I guess so," and grins. 

They return her grin. Jane smirks and says: 

"While we were waiting, she suggested we take off our bras."

"Jane!"

"You did; why not say so?"

"Still a good idea," he remarks with grin.

"I guess so," Kathy replies.

The others nod and begin to unbutton, snickering, then Kathy, too. With a sheepish expression, she murmurs: 

"I wondered how we would."

"Didn't we all?" he replies.

"Your 'too many times'," Jane replies, slipping her blouse off. 

"Your 'not too many times'," he replies.

"Not enough times," Kathy adds with a smirk, her blouse now also off.

"But kind of subtle," he remarks.

"Hmm! Not very," Kathy replies.

"But we all knew what we want to do. I sure was also wondering; more subtle than having our blouses off, when you knocked."

"Oh, I wouldn't have minded that, but I like this better."

"Me too," Kathy agrees. 

The girls are about to let their bras slip off their shoulders, and do. Kathy holds hers over her breasts for a moment, but then lets it slide down. He smiles, looking at their erect nipples, and says: 

"I've been waiting for this."

The girls nod with smiles, and they all stand up and take off the rest of their clothes. His cock isn't aroused, but already larger. Jane snorts, looking at it, and agrees: 

"I have been too."

"Not more than me!" Kathy enjoins.

The others chuckle at her enthusiastic response. Jane remarks: 

"You know my vacation was better than yours. We didn't do that, but you can."

"Like last time?" he asks."

Kathy grins with a nod, looking at his cock. Jane flings back the covers of the first bed and scrambles up on it and flings back those on the bed next to the wall. As she lies down with a grin, the other two join her; he with his head on Jane's thigh, fondling her breast; while Kathy lies down, sliding her thigh under Jane's head, grasping his cock with one hand and drawing them closer with her other hand around his hips. His hand also fondles her breast, and then draws Jane's hips closer, and hers, Kathy's. 

With their hands already around the other's hip, their fingers soon creep further, Kathy's first, but then immediately his and then Jane's. Their chuckling moans suggest confirmation that they don't want to prolong anticipation of their orgasms. 

They don't, but his climax with thrusting cock and groans delays his giving Jane's hers. But before he does, Kathy is having hers in response to his cock's filling her mouth and what Jane's tongue is doing. 

With long, satisfied moaning sighs, they roll back, licking their lips, and sighing again. Both he and Jane find and fondle Kathy's breasts, and she fondles Jane's. She murmurs: 

"God, that was good! ... Better than his fingers - and mine - making us come New Year's eve. Hmm! Well, it was after midnight."

"Couldn't made him come better than Duong did."

"Sure couldn't have," he agrees, squeezing Kathy's breast.

"Or than Jane did."

They hum with chuckles. After a few moments, he squeezes Kathy' breast again and asks: 

"And now you want to do it like Jane did?"

"Hmmm! Maybe, ... if you're in a hurry?"

"Hm-hmm! Not today."

"Oh, that's good!" Jane replies, and Kathy nods emphatically on his thigh. He snorts and says: 

"Had to tell the guy this morning that I didn't think I could meet him this afternoon."

"You're right!"

"Maybe you can tell us about your vacation, now that we're all like this?"

"Hmm?! You'd have to ask. Hm-hmm! But kind of appropriate: 'all like this'."

"'Like this'? With a girl?"

"Um-hmm."

"Really like this? Doing everything we do?"

"You really want to know?"

"You didn't have to make us curious, if you didn't want to tell."

"So you really did, ... and wanted to tell?"

"Hmm? I guess so."

"That's good; we're all ear."

"Hmm? Then like this, looking at the ceiling; I'll be blushing."

"All right, just looking at the ceiling."

"Nothing wrong with blushing."

"You really want to know?"

"Um-hmm," the girls respond.

"Want a long story?"

"If you want to tell?"

"The longer the better."

"Hmm? Oh well, ... with my cousin."

"Oh!"

"Oooh! With your cousin?"

"Second cousin, really; our parents are cousins."

"Nothing wrong with that."

"So ...?"

"Long story: 

"She's really more like a sister; when we got here, us just toddlers, our families sharing a house. They got two places when we were in grade school - second grade? So we were always close, same school, and our parents then with a grocery store."

"Yeah, and your vacation?"

"So I arrived home, and the families were together for dinner. I guess to celebrate the boy who got into college."

"With advanced placement!" 

"And a scholarship."

"Congratulations! They should have celebrated."

"So there we were, all together, and at the end of the evening, my parents suggested that she should come over and ask me about college; and hers suggested that I could give her company, since there was no school. She's just a couple of months younger than me, but a class behind mine, and also hoping for a scholarship."

"So you did give her company?"

"Silly! Of course! He already told us that it was with her. What's her name?"

"Anh. A N H, pronounced like that where we came from, but in school and elsewhere, of course, everyone calls her Ann or Annie. Hmm! A lot better than my name, guys wanting to call me Dong."

"Hm-hmm! Can't really blame them."

"No, but I had to smack a couple of them before they stopped."

"Duong, the Virile."

"Didn't feel like it then, but maybe."

"We think so."

"Um-hmm, and then? So you told her about college?"

"Not about us?!"

"No! Well, not really."

"What's that mean?"

"So, there we were the next day, in her house, her asking about my room and courses and classmates, my telling that I was shy - she knew that - being the only Vietnamese and in courses with sophomores. And then she asks: 'But do you have a girlfriend? Are you still a virgin?'

"I know I blushed. How could I not have one and not be a virgin?"

"With us!"

"Yeah, of course, but I couldn't tell her that. When I replied: 'No, no,' she looked surprised, replying: 'But not a virgin?' 'Are you?' I asked. She nodded and said that she still was. She is much better integrated in the American community than I am, was. I didn't want to pursue the subject, but she did, apparently, telling that she didn't really want to be one, but not with the couple of boys who might have wanted to do more, if she had let them."

"Nice girl."

"What does her name mean in Vietnamese?"

"Ray of light, brightness, sometimes understood as Intellectual Brightness, very appropriate."

"Nice. And?"

"So then she asks: 'But not a virgin, and not a girlfriend?' I just nod, probably blushing again. She grins and says: 'Oooh, tell!' Remember, we know each other since we were out of diapers. Yeah, and running around the house with nothing on, like kids that age do in Vietnam."

"Oh! Really?"

"If he says so."

"What was I going to tell her? That she - my non-girlfriend - wanted to do something she hadn't."

"Like us!"

"Of course, but I already saw that this line was just going to lead to more questions. Too late! She immediately asks: 'What?' with big bright eyes - if brown eyes can be bright.

"Intellectual Brightness."

"Yeah, very! 'Not just the obvious,' I reply. Don't know if I assumed - hoped - that would answer her question; that she wouldn't dare ask further. I must have."

"But she did?"

"Um-hmm, while I was wondering how much she knew about sex, what maybe she had heard from girls in her class, or wherever."

"Not from reading your book?"

"Shit no! Sorry! I'd never thought about her in that context, that she could be interested."

"But she suddenly was?"

"And asks again: 'What?'"

"And you told her?"

"I muttered - with a red face - 'oral sex,' hoping that would satisfy her - for me - so surprising curiosity. For a moment, I thought it had; she started, looking like she was about to say something, but didn't. But then - she was also blushing - she asked softly: 'Really? She wanted to?' I just nodded. 'She wanted you to?' she asks. I nod again. After a long pause, she murmurs: 'Did you?'

I nod again.

"I'd given up trying to deny anything. 'Oh!' she mutters softly, looking down. Still not looking at me, she murmurs: 'Heard about it, and you really did?' I nod again. She snorts with funny smile and then asks: 'And she liked it?' I nod again. She looks straight at me and asks: 'Did you?' I nod again. 

"She suddenly begins to laugh. I have to too; it's all so preposterous, her asking about my sexual experience and my telling her."

Jane and Kathy also laugh, and he laughs with them, their hands finding somewhere to rub each other. Finally one of the girls asks: 

"And then?"

"It gets better, less embarrassing to tell, now that we have laughed."

"You told her how good it was?"

"No, first she almost giggles and says: 'But you were still a virgin.' 'Not for long,' I think I replied. She laughs again, and I do."

"And then you told her how good it was?"

"Something like that; she'd asked."

"And?"

"She suddenly grins - looking me in the eyes - and says: 'You can do that to me.' Shit! Sorry again! She's asking me to do it to her!"

"Didn't you want to?"

"With the girl I grew up with like a sister?"

"But she's asking you to."

"She was! 'Why not? If it's good and you like to,' she says, adding: 'I want to, want you to!' Sh.., didn't say it. I'm sitting there, wordless. She grabs my hand and says: 'Come on, in my room,' and gets up, beginning to drag me towards her room." 

"She's only your second cousin; do it!"

"Of course, he does."

"Of course, but not yet. I let her lead me. She says: 'remember when we were in junior high and dared each other to take of all our clothes?' It wasn't like that: she wanted to show me her first bra or why she had to wear it, then daring me to show her."

"Did you?"

"You said no girl had seen you naked before."

"She didn't count - back then, when I said that to you. And I certainly wasn't thinking about her."

"And did you show her?"

"Have told you how insistent she can be, about to take off her bra, grinning, and telling me to take off my shorts."

"Bet it was aroused."

"It was."

"What she wanted to see, not like when you were preschoolers."

"It sure wasn't, and not when she pushed her small breasts up and together, making the most out of them that she could."

"Must have done that before, with a mirror."

"Didn't you?"

"You did. And she saw your cock?"

"Wasn't looking anywhere else."

"You weren't looking at her eyes."

"No, at her pointy, tan nipples."

"But I'm sure she was, like I would have."

"Like you do," the other girl adds.

"Um-hmm! And then?"

"Back then or later?"

"Back then. Wish I could have seen a cock when I was that age."

"Oh, she did. Was I embarrassed or proud? Maybe she wanted to hold it; she was holding her breasts and said that I could."

"Could have ruined your relationship ..."

"Or made it better."

"I didn't."

"That's the problem: girls that age are more advanced than the boys."

"Keeps them out of trouble;" he replies: "could get them in trouble before they knew what they were doing."

"You could, all that white stuff?"

"Lots of it, trying to keep it off the laundry."

"Hm-hmm! And, back to the present?"

"So, there we are, she leading me to her room, having reminded me that we had seen each other naked."

"And wanting to show you again?"

"Her other hand was already unbuttoning, before she released mine, turning to let me see her bra. Still doesn't really need one, well, after she took it off, but more than she had before, and urging me to get undressed. Okay, by then I had given up any resistance."

"You wanted to."

"Yes! She was rocking her hips to push down her skirt, grinning at me. Of course, I wanted to, and my cock was almost as aroused as back then. Difficult to pull off my shorts, as she was shoving her panties down. And there we were, all naked, looking at each other. She asks: 'How?' 'Sit on the bed.' She does, and ..."

"Mmmm! We know what you then did!"

"Hm-hmm! I guess so! I did, and she was ecstatic."

"Like we would have been."

"And are."

"Even though I didn't use my fingers, remembering that she had said that she was still a virgin.

"If you did it that good, and you can."

"I guess so. Oh! I was a little surprised, when I looked up and saw her, instead of one of you."

"Even though you had remembered not to use your fingers?

"I think I had made that decision before it started getting good. Anyway, I was a little surprised."

"And then?"

"I know what she wanted to do," Kathy remarks with a chuckle.

"Um-hmm, like you did, but lying beside me on her bed."

"And all over the place?"

"Oh, she thought it was fun. Of course, she wanted to feel my balls - asked me first if she could. Yeah, and then, all over the place, like you did. She was really pleased with herself."

"Like I was. And then?"

"I wasn't going to suggest that she taste it, but she was dibbling her fingers in it. I thought that she might, but she didn't. Then she rolled up on top of me, grinning as she rubbed her body around, saying: 'All over me too. What else did you do? Well, of course, really doing it, but anything else?' Since she hadn't tasted it, I figured that she wasn't thinking about doing it to me, that that wasn't what she was asking about."
