 My boyfriend and I had talked about doing a threesome for a while and finally found another guy.

I had told the BF I wanted to try double-penetration and he seemed into it. Him and I had done anal together and we both liked it.

So that night, once the two guys and I were naked, I used my talented mouth to get them both hard, having them stand on either side of me as I knelt between them. I took turns sliding each guy's cock past my lips and deep into my throat, rubbing my tongue back and forth across the length as I continued slowly working it in and out of my mouth. As I orally pleasured one guy, I'd have the other one's cock in my hand jerking it at a steady pace.

I switched off between the two about a half dozen times, each time quickening the pace a bit.

After a while, I pulled both of them to my mouth and, holding both cocks so close that they were almost touching, I tongued the heads in unison for a minute or two. Then, I looked up at the guys and said, in my sexiest voice, "I wanna be used so bad. Treat me like the slut I am."

I got up and put my hands on the other guy's chest, turning him as I gently pushed him down onto the bed. He was then laying on his back, cock in hand, looking up at me as I crawled up the foot of the bed and straddled his thighs. 

I had noticed earlier that he was a couple inches bigger than my BF and I was feeling greedy - I knew I wanted him in my pussy. 

I was getting wet just thinking about what was to come.

I moved up his body a bit more and slowly slipped the length of his cock into me.

"God, you are so wet. Your pussy feels so hot," he whispered.

He placed his hands on my hips and we started to go at it. I wondered where the BF was and looked over my shoulder to see him sitting on a chair near the foot of the bed, just watching me getting fucked and masturbating himself.

I tried laying down on top of the guy more, so my ass would stick out as an "invitation" to the BF to join in but, instead, I heard him say, "God, when you're laying flat like that, I can totally see him sliding in and out of you. Your juices are all over his cock, you must be sopping wet inside."

Since he didn't take the hint I sat up and just enjoyed the moment. On my knees, another man's cock buried deep inside me, I had my hands crossed on the center of his chest and began to adjust the angle of my body, so as the feel the most pleasure as I slammed myself down on his hardness. Soon, he was lifting himself up slightly in opposite unison so, as we went at it, all that was heard was the slapping of our bodies as he drove into me over and over as deeply as possible.

I guess either the BF wasn't into trying DP as much as he said or else got caught up in the moment.

Eventually, me and the guy switched to missionary. He held my arms down at the wrists as he worked me over. God, it felt so good to be restrained as I was being thoroughly fucked. I lifted my legs up and wrapped them tightly around the guy's ass.

Soon, both for the effect I knew it would have and because it just felt natural, I started moaning. Softly at first, then increasing the volume and frequency as he continued pounding me.

"Ohhhh...Mmmmm.. Oh, yeah... Ohhhh, ohhhhhhh..."

During this, I heard the BF mumble, "I can't believe... oh, man... I'm watching another guy about to give my girlfriend an orgasm... This is so hot!"

While I didn't reach one - yet - I was breathing heavily, my eyes closed tight, as I bit my lower lip.

After about ten or fifteen minutes the guy said he was close to cumming and asked me where I wanted it.

"Inside me," I said and I opened my eyes to find my boyfriend now standing at the side of the bed. He was looking down at us, working his hand up and down the length of his cock at the same pace as the guy fucking me.

The BF's eyelids were half-closed as he took in this scene of his girl getting pounded by another man. He then said, "Oh, my God... He's gonna cum in my girlfriend... He's gonna shoot off in her pussy...Oh, fuuuck!" 

As the other guy moaned and started to cum, the BF quickly got on the bed and jerked off onto my breasts.

The guy was what I call a "gusher" and strong shooter, in that I could actually feel him get off inside me.(Versus what I call "soakers", where you know the guy has cum because you all of a sudden feel slicker inside as he then continues moving.)

He came hard and it seemed to go on forever. I don't know about the rest of you, but when I can feel it shoot inside of me I usually orgasm. The fact that my boyfriend came on me at more or less the same time really sent me over the top.

I let out a low, guttural cry as my body jerked in a series of small convulsions. When I came to my senses, I looked up into my BF's eyes with a satisfied grin on my face.

The other guy pulled out of me and made his way to the chair nearby. I started to sit up, when the BF said, "No... wait."

So I laid back down, my legs now together, to then see my BF straddle my waist. He leaned over me, kissing me gently on the lips. We exchanged tongues and then he moved himself down slightly.

He kissed my neck, running his tongue down its length as he began rubbing his own juices into my cum-splattered breasts. My nipples were hard instantly.

Down he went, kissing my breasts then running his tongue along my stomach as he continued his journey along the rest of my body.

When he had moved down far enough so that his head was about even with my thighs, he gently took each of my legs in his hands and proceeded to spread me wide open.

I literally could feel that other guy's semen running out of me and down my ass cheeks before it pooled on the mattress underneath.

The BF smiled, and then opened his mouth as he leaned into my creampied pussy. Still looking up into my eyes, he began licking my clit up and down rapidly. With each upward stroke, I could feel his chin brush against my lower regions.

Then he lifted his head momentarily, so I could see his cum-coated lips and chin.

"Oh, god..." I muttered at this nasty sight, before putting both my hands on the back of his head and pushing it deep into me.

I could feel his tongue straining to reach as far up into my soaked pussy as possible. All I could hear was the slurping sound he was making as he started sucking another guy's cum out of my well-fucked hole.

The thought of what he was doing, combined with the physical feeling of his moving tongue and the suction of his mouth, was enough to send another - more powerful - orgasm washing over me.

"Oh, yes!" I screamed, as my legs clamped onto his head in a vise-like grip, "Ohhhhh....."

When my pussy contracted in orgasm, it must have slammed a large gushing rush of spent cum straight back into my BF's throat, because I heard him choke and sputter as he tried to swallow it all. 

"Now he knows what I have to deal with sometimes," I thought with a chuckle.

As I relaxed my grip, my BF sat up. His mouth was closed and he put his index finger to his cummy lips as if to say, "Shhh..."

During this whole time, the other guy must have been jerking himself because he was now rock hard and, apparently, close to cumming again. He silently approached the bed and kneeled to the side of my face.

With my BF then laying down next to me on my right, the other guy loomed over me to my left as he quickly got himself off - shooting three thick streams onto my cheeks, lips and into my by now wide-open mouth.

When he finished, my BF leaned in and gave me a deep kiss. That's when I found out why he had kept his mouth shut for so long.

It still held a large load from my pussy, and as we worked our tongues into each other's mouths we exchanged the hot loads we each had inside. Then we took turns licking each other's cum-soaked faces clean.  

Perhaps not quite a "threesome" in the traditional sense but, all things considered, not a bad way to spend an evening either.