 Adrianna felt like she was supposed to be nervous and even a little scared of what was about to happen, but she actually felt quite the opposite: she felt exhilaration and pure lust coursing through her petite body as she patiently sat on the edge of the bed and waited for them. She was about to live out one of her favorite fantasies: sucking off five guys, maybe fucking one with her eager mouth while she eagerly stroked two cocks and the other two guys avidly watched and touched themselves, patiently waiting for their turn.

It had taken a long time for Adrianna to accept her voracious, healthy appetite. And it had taken an equally long time trying to find the right people for this scenario that she craved so much. She had gotten so many replies to her ad online; some of them were slightly disturbing, clearly showcasing some of the men's misogyny and vitriol toward women. But then she got the reply from Aiden and his four friends. She saw their pictures and was immediately turned on by the thought of them taking turns using her hot little mouth for their pleasure.

Adrianna had a thing for masked sex play, and Aiden and the other guys had no problem fulfilling that wish for her. She expected them to wear something casual for her, perhaps a long sleeve dress shirt with a pair of slacks, but when they knocked on the door and let themselves in, Adrianna was surprised and delighted to see them all wearing crisp fitted suits along with their elegantly decorated masks that covered half of their faces.

"Good evening, lovely," Aiden said as he approached Adrianna on the bed. "You look delicious. Like a sensual little nymph ready to be devoured by hungry men."

His rich, smoky voice and choice of words made Adrianna's nipples harden so fast. To her surprise, he knelt before her and gently grabbed her hand, kissing it softly while he looked up at her. She shivered and glanced down at her silky black kimono, which showed a hint of her supple cleavage and a good portion of her smooth, sexy legs. The other guys slowly approached her and instead of feeling intimidated, she felt adrenaline surge through her as she felt their heated gazes of lust directed toward her.

"Do I look okay?" she asked in a taut whisper. "I can take this off."

"Please do," Aiden gently said. "We love your body. You don't have to feel ashamed. We want to see those beautiful curves and gorgeous eyes looking up at us."

Adrianna almost moaned at the thought of bobbing her head up and down on Aiden's cock. She kept her gaze on him as she slowly took off her kimono, unveiling her petite yet full figured body. She wore a black satin corset that made her feel like a sexy vixen, which was rare for her. She was used to being overlooked, to hiding in large sweaters and loose fitting clothing. But now that she had the corset with the garter belts, fishnet stockings, shiny black stilettos, dark red lipstick and dark blue eye shadow with thick black eyeliner, she felt like a siren. Along with her rich, dark mahogany hair that cascaded down to her shoulders, she truly felt sexy and wanted as the five men gazed at her ardently with pure desire behind those elegant, sexy masks.

"So fucking beautiful," Aiden whispered as he stood up and gazed down at her, undoing his zipper in the process. "I want those sexy red lips on my cock."

Adrianna shivered and quickly knelt before him, looking up at him eagerly as he pulled out his long, thick cock. She moaned as she stared at it, loving the thick veins that ran along the shaft and the bulbous tip of his cock that glistened with a drop of pre-cum. A surge of lust rushed through her as she gently kissed the head of his cock, then kissed her way down his thick shaft. She felt a pair of hands run through her hair behind her while another hand caressed her cheek. The dirty side of her wanted to drool, gag and fuck his beautiful cock already, but she wanted to savor the moment. Enjoy his distinct, masculine scent, feel his cock twitch against her lips. When she wrapped her eager lips around his throbbing cockhead, Aiden cursed and jutted his hips toward her.

"Good girl, suck the head," he tautly whispered. "Make it nice and wet with your warm spit."

Adrianna did as she was told; she sucked on the bulbous tip and lathered him in her warm, slick saliva. She whimpered as she massaged his balls through his slacks, making him chuckle.

"You want to stroke them, baby?" he asked.

She eagerly nodded as she continued to suckle on his cockhead. She watched as he took out his balls and she moaned in heat, quickly bringing her mouth down to them to suckle each one, covering them in wet heat. Aiden groaned and brought his right hand to her hair, running his slender fingers through her rich wavy hair. Even though she wanted to suck his balls more, she also wanted to gag on his cock, so she brought her lips to the head of his cock, pulling back a little to spit on him, before she closed her eyes and swallowed him whole. There was nothing more sexier to her than feeling a man tense and hear him gasp as the head of his cock brushed the back of her throat and slipped further down. She massaged his heavy balls and her cunt was pounding from the sensation of his delicious, thick cock nestled deep in her throat.

"Such a good little cock whore you are," a silky smooth, sexy voice purred into her right ear. "Gagging on his cock and stroking his balls. I bet your little pussy is soaking wet."

Those words just turned on Adrianna even more; when she slipped him out of her throat, she moaned as her gaze lingered on the sexy, sinful sight of Aiden's cock covered in her slick spit.

"I think my friends want your hot little mouth, baby," Aiden said, out of breath. "Turn around."

Adrianna did as she was told, and her cunt tightened in absolute arousal when she saw the four other guys with their cocks out, ready for her. She felt like she was going crazy with lust as two of them approached her face, stroking their thick, long cocks while the other two stood by her. Anticipation, white and hot, ran through her as she stretched out her arms and wrapped her eager hands around the two cocks while she hungrily stared at the other two directly in front of her.

"I want to suck on both," she whispered excitedly. "Can I?"

"Of course you can," Aiden replied. "This is your fantasy. You're the boss. We'll do whatever you want."

Adrianna licked her lips again as the two guys in front of her slowly walked up until their cocks were rubbing her face. She closed her eyes and she focused on the erotic, raw moment; two cocks directly in front of her face as she slowly stroked the other two cocks. She could feel Aiden behind her, running his fingers through her hair as she grazed her lips against the cocks in front of her. Even though she felt so sinful as she tried to fit both cocks inside of her hungry mouth, it felt so right and sexy at the same time. She lavished the two cocks in her warm spit as she stroked the other two a little faster.

"Good little girl," Aiden whispered into her ear as he knelt next to her, urging her on. "Sucking two cocks while stroking the other two at the same time. Such a little nymph you are."

His words of approval only turned her on more and reignited the lust within her. She lost herself to the simple act of pleasuring these four men, and even though it was such a submissive act, to focus on their pleasure, she felt in complete control, setting the rhythm and alternating between the two cocks until she was shuddering all over.

"I need your cum," she urgently whispered. "Please. Give me your cum. I need it."

"Lie down on the floor, baby," Aiden said. "We'll stroke ourselves while you finger that wet little pussy. Can you make yourself come for us?"

"Yes!" she eagerly said.

Enthralled by the scenario that he just described, she pulled away from them and quickly stretched herself on the floor. She immediately began plucking her sensitive nipples with her left hand while her right hand delved to her underwear, where she slid her fingers over the wet, pink folds. She moaned as she stared at the five of them stroking themselves as they gazed back at her in turn. They hadn't even really touched her and she was already soaking wet. She took her panties off so that they could see her neatly trimmed pussy, which was completely drenched from sucking them off.

"Such a beautiful pussy," Aiden said as he stroked himself harder. "Where do you want us to come?"

"All over my face," she said in a shaky whisper.

"Say it, baby," Aiden hissed as he visibly trembled. "We want to hear you say it."

"I need your cum on my face," she moaned as she bucked. "Please. Come all over my face. All five of you."

The five of them got closer to her and she could feel their imminent release, as well as her own. Just watching them stroke their long, thick cocks was too much for Adrianna. Usually it took her longer to come when she masturbated with just her finger, but she was so close. Until she could feel her womb tightening and her back arching in complete ecstasy.

"I'm coming," she whispered as her toes curled and her eyes rolled back. "Oh, fuck."

Warmth flooded her fingers as she shook all over from raw, unfiltered pleasure. When she opened her eyes, she saw that the guys were all gasping and thrusting against their own hands, getting closer and closer to orgasm.

"I'm going to come," Aiden tautly whispered as he got closer to Adrianna. "Fuck. I'm coming."

She moaned as she felt the first drops of his hot cum spill on her face. It triggered her second orgasm, making her buck and whimper. She eagerly opened her mouth, hoping that some of his cum trickled inside. Thankfully, it didn't take long for the other four guys to come as well, spilling their hot seed all over her face and neck. She moaned and smiled as she felt a warm, thick strand roll down from her cheek into her open mouth. Tasting the sweet, salty cum made her shiver in approval and once they all finished on her, she took her time scooping up their combined cum and licking it off her fingers.

"So fucking hot," Aiden whispered. "Thank you, sweet girl."

"Mm. I can't wait for next time."