 Rob was daydreaming on the way home from work one Friday evening. The traffic was lousy as usual. His thoughts wandered all over the map until he began thinking about sex! He has a recurring fantasy about having a three way with his wife. As he got closer and closer to home, his thoughts got more and more erotic...

_ _ _ _ _ _

When Rob got home he noticed a strange car parked in front of his house. When he got inside, his wife met him at the door. She was wearing a very skimpy and reveling sun dress. She threw her arms around his neck and ground her sexy body up against his. Of course you know the result, Rob got an immediate erection! Ann rubbed her pussy up against his stiff member and remarked,

"Still glad to see me, I see!"

"Of course I am! Besides you know when you do that, it makes me want to fuck you!"

Ann laughed and spun away from Rob. When she did, her short skirt flew out and up, exposing her naked pussy and tight ass! This just further inflamed Rob's passion.

Before Rob could make a comment or grab her again she said,

"There is some one here I want you to meet!"

"Who?"

"Follow me!"

Rob followed his wife through the family room and into the back yard. There was a man sitting on one of the deck chairs, who appeared to be about his and Ann's ages.

Ann, "Rob, remember I told you about my old boyfriend?"

"Yeah, vaguely."

"Well, he called from the airport and said he was going to be in town for just tonight and had to catch a connecting flight in the morning. He told me he'd like to see, just for old time's sake! I knew you wouldn't mind, so I said sure, and gave him directions to come on over."

The stranger stood up and stuck out his hand and said,

"Hi, I'm Steve."

"I'm Rob, glad to meet you. I've heard a lot about you!"

As the two men checked each other out Ann could feel the tension in the air. It was so strong you could have cut it with a knife! She looked at both of them and wondered,

"Rob has been bugging me about a three way with him and another man, here's his chance. Does he have the balls I wonder?"

Ann and Steve had already consumed a few glasses of wine and were feeling pretty good. Ann was actually very hot! But, so far nothing sexual had happened, other than a welcoming big hug. She and Steve used to be a very hot item. They went out for a couple of years before they drifted apart. The sex was always great; she just got tired of Steve not wanting to work real hard. It was now five years since they'd last seen each other. Steve still looked pretty much as he did the last time she saw him.

Rob looked Steve over and what he saw didn't bother him. Steve was about Rob's size and build, in fact they looked enough alike to be cousins. Rob thought,

"Ann and Steve used to be bed partners before I came into the picture. I wonder if she'd like to fuck us both at the same time."

Rob poured himself a big glass of wine and said,

"Here's to the good old days!"

After a couple of hours of small talk and a lot more wine, it began to cool off outside. Ann suggested they all go inside. Steve went in the door first, then Ann and Rob followed close behind her. Rob watched his wife's great ass sway back and forth in front of him and he got an erection! The three of them were feeling pretty good and Ann was unsteady on her feet. Steve turned around, to sit down on the couch, just as Ann tripped over a throw rug on the floor. She fell up against him and knocked him down on the floor and fell on top of him. Her skirt flew up and Rob saw she was not wearing underwear! His dick just got harder! Steve had been trying to hide his hard on for at least an hour! Ann falling on top of him was the catalyst they needed!

When Steve caught Ann, her hips landed on his groin and her pussy rubbed up against his stiff dick! Steve pressed his dick up against Ann's pussy and put his arms around her and gave her a passionate kiss! Just like years ago, he gave her a I want to fuck you kiss! Ann slipped her tongue in Steve's mouth and explored old familiar territory. Her skirt had slid up around her waist, leaving her ass cheeks on display!

Rob watched as his wife and her ex-boyfriend were locked a steamy kiss, he took one look at his wife's naked ass and exposed pussy and thought,

"She's kissing him back! It's now or never!"

He dropped his pants, kicking them off he stepped between Ann's legs. Rob took quick aim and slammed his dick up Ann's inviting pussy! Steve grabbed Ann even tighter. She couldn't get away, not that she wanted too! Steve felt Ann respond favorably to her husband's dick in her pussy. He grabbed her by both breasts and whispered in her ear,

"You've always wanted this haven't you? By the way, is this the first time?"

"Ann hissed back,

"Yes it's the first time! Let's all get naked and fuck me!"

Rob pulled his wife back, so that Steve could get free. As Steve slipped out from under Ann he pulled her sun dress over her head, leaving her completely naked! Steve stood up and quickly undressed. Ann was now on all fours and Rob was hammering her pussy as fast and as hard as he could! When Steve got naked, he knelt in front of Ann's head and offered his rigid cock to her. She took him by the hips and pulled his stiff dick deep inside of her throat. Steve's memories came flooding back, he'd forgotten that she was probably the best cock sucker he had ever met!

Steve hadn't been laid in a couple of weeks so he did not last very long. When he spurted in Ann's mouth she wasn't quite ready, especially not ready, for the volume of cum that she received! She grabbed Steve's still stiff dick and wiped the excess cum all around her face and upper body. While Ann was engaged in this effort, Rob let go in her pussy. He filled her pussy with as much cum as Steve had done to her mouth. Both men were so hot they delivered their cum in buckets!

Ann was not even close to her release! She said to them,

"That better not be all of what you guys can do, because I'm on fire and need taken care of! Now get back at it!"

Steve and Rob turned Ann over on her back and also changed positions. What a sight she was to them! Rob looked down at his wife and saw she was covered with Steve's cum! Ann had it on her face, her lips, her neck and her tits! Between Ann's legs, Steve could see Rob's cum oozing out of her tight pussy!

Rob smeared Steve's cum all over his still hard dick and slipped it into Ann's demanding mouth. He fucked her face as deep as possible. His balls kept hitting her chin! Steve slipped between Ann's spread out legs and slammed his still stiff dick, clear to his balls, in a very cum filled pussy and hammered it with great pleasure!

As the two men were using Ann for their pleasure, she began ascending to an orgasmic plateau. Finally she yelled out,

"Here it comes! Keep fucking me, faster, harder, don't stop!"

Rob and Steve renewed their efforts and Ann had a tremendous orgasm! Just as she was coming down from hers' Rob and Steve both blew their wads! Both of them had cum in her mouth and pussy and were spent! Ann had not felt this satisfied in her whole life!

They disentangled from each other and had some dinner. After dinner they retired to the bedroom and spent the rest of the night exploring every possible combination and position they could think of! By the time they fell asleep, none of them would have been able to fuck for another instant!

The next morning they had one more shot at each other and Steve finally left for the airport. As he left, Ann told him,

"Next time you come through here, let's do it again!" 

Rob, "Yes, do call!"

Steve, "You bet I will, this was fantastic!"

_ _ _ _ _ _

When Rob finally got home, he noticed a strange car parked in front of his house...