 [This story equally fits in at least two genre. It could be in BDSM and it could be in Group. Now that I think more about it the story also belongs in Erotic Couplings. If Lit had a category for Polyamory it would fit there as well. There is oral sex (fellatio & cunnilingus), anal, strap on sex, coitus and lots of touching. A bit of bondage, some flogging, and maybe even a surprise or two. If any of these are areas that don't interest you this may not be a good story for you. If you feel adventure of the sensual nature and a story about a slightly different from vanilla relationship, this may be just the story to create the reaction you like. After you've read, please vote and comment. No point in telling me I got it in the wrong genre... I already agree.]

/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/x/

I was invited to an awards dinner. It was to honor a group that works with youth who have been in a little trouble and works with the youth and their families. The award would be accepted by the director of the organization. It was also a fund raiser for them.

My wife, Sara, bought a new dress for the event. She is an artist and the dress she picked was stunning. It was black, shiny and clung to her like it was made of affectionate static cling. It showed her legs up to about five inches above her knees and had a six inch slit up from the hem showing a little extra leg on her right side. The dress did cover her breasts, almost like a bikini top: two triangles of shiny material and two tiny, thin straps that joined behind her neck. What I liked was that the material was almost sheer. In the right light I could see her areola. In any light I could see her blueberry sized nipples pushing the fabric. Her back was bare down to the top edge of her sacroiliac. Under the dress she wore suspender hose. Her feet were in three inch black heeled sandals. At my request, her golden hair, which in casual settings is usually loose at her shoulders, was piled up on her head showing her beautiful neck. The playful Sara had gone down to Venice beach and had a guy there use henna and letter at the bottom of her hairline, "Kiss here".

I was in the uniform for such occasions and I was sure I looked like a character from "Happy Feet." My tux fit well and I honestly liked wearing it a few times a year.

Three hundred people came to the Biltmore Hotel and were seated by eight pm. This ceremony was a bit different than most in that the award was made at 8:15, before even the salad had been served. We were told it was done that way because the recipient's wife had gone into labor and he needed to get to the hospital. 

At our table for eight there were five people when we arrived. Jack Sharp and his wife Alana, Marcus Fountain and his wife Helen and a woman who introduced herself as Selina. She gave no last name and said nothing about her significant other. I assumed she was single. The men all shook hands with me and introduced their wives. Alana and Helen were seated when we arrived as was Selina. Alana and Helen shook hands from their seated positions. When Selina introduced herself she stood and shook my hand and hugged Sara. It happened fast and Sara really had no way to avoid the hug.

I pulled chairs out for both women and they sat, on either side of me. Selina leaned towards me and looked at Sara.

"Are you Sara Peterson, the artist?"

"I'm glad you asked it that way. If you had asked if I was the Sara Peterson I might have said no. I am Sara Peterson and I am an artist."

I smiled at Sara. She smiled back.

Selina said, to the rest of the people at the table, "Sara is a fabulous artist. I saw a work of hers at a gallery in San Francisco last weekend. I bought it!"

Alana asked, "What type of art is it?"

"A sculpture. It's about three feet long of a reclining woman."

"Nude?" Alana asked.

"Yes. And it's made of oak. The warmth of the wood gives it a special sensuality."

"Thank you." Sara said. "Have you ever posed?"

"Me? No." Selina answered.

Sara looked at me and I nodded, ever so slightly.

"I invite you to come to my studio and pose for me. I have been looking for someone who would look perfect if done in a piece of wood I have waiting."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes. Are you willing to have a sculpture of your body sold to someone who will look at it and possibly lust after you for many years?"

"Oh, Yes! That sounds very exciting."

"Can you come tomorrow afternoon?"

"Yes!"

"I will need to see you once a week for about two months. Can you do that?"

"I think I can. Does it need to be on the same day each week?"

"No. We can work it out." I handed Sara a business card and she gave it to Selina. I had the card because there was no where on Sara for her to have it.

Mrs. Sharp listened to the entire conversation and asked, "Will Mr. Peterson be there when Selina poses?"

Sara answered, "My studio is in our home. My husband is always welcome in the studio or wherever I am."

Mrs. Sharp asked Selina, "Is it Ok with you that Mr. Peterson sees you naked?"

"Yes! I'm sure he has seen naked people before. I have the same basic parts as any woman. It will be exciting to have him look."

Alana turned to her husband just as the salads arrived. "Jack, would it be Ok if I posed for Sara?"

"Did she ask you to pose?"

"No, not yet."

"Then the question is hypothetical. Ask me when it's a real question."

I nudged Sara and she understood. "Mrs. Sharp, I would love to have you pose for me, either alone or with Selina. Can you come tomorrow?"

Mrs. Sharp smiled and turned to Jack again. "Jack, would it be Ok if I pose with Selina for Sara?"

"What about your other commitments?"

"I can juggle them. My question wasn't can you arrange my schedule, it was would it be Ok?"

"And Mr. Peterson will be there and see you naked?"

"Yes!"

"Then, I don't like the idea. No."

"May I ask why?" I asked.

"I have a beautiful wife and it just isn't right for another man to see her naked. I don't know you. How do I know what might go on?"

"Are you worried that Sara, Selina and I might seduce your wife?"

"Such things have happened to people."

I looked at him and knew he was cheating on his wife. I also knew she knew.

"So, seeing her naked might turn me on?"

"Oh, yeah!"

"And a man shouldn't be turned on by a woman he isn't married to?"

"Not if he's married."

Mrs. Sharp faced her husband and asked, "Did you look at Selina, or Sara or Helen and get turned on?"

"No. I'm with you."

"If I go to the ladies room will you look at them and be turned on at all?"

"No. It isn't right."

Mrs. Sharp turned to me and asked, "Have you ever met Selina or me before tonight?"

"No, I haven't had the pleasure."

"When you met us did anything about us turn you on?"

"If you mean did I think about having you share my bed, did I think about having sex with either of you, my answer is yes."

"Would you like to have sex with me?"

"Under the right circumstances, yes."

"What would those be?"

"First, I would be invited. Second, it would need to be Ok with your significant other. Third, Sara would need to be there, as a participant."

"Hold it!" Jack said. "This has gone too far. You expect me to sit here and have you proposition my wife and do nothing?"

"I have not propositioned your wife or any other wife. I stated my conditions. Number one was that I was invited. That makes it clear that the invitation would not be from me but to me. That hasn't happened. If it does, we move to the second condition, which is that it would need to be Ok with her significant other. Are you Mrs. Sharp's significant other?"

"I'm her husband!"

"Close enough."

"And, I say, no way!"

Mrs. Sharp had bristled every time he pronounced anything that sounded like an edict. She asked, "Why do you say no way?"

"Because you're my wife!"

"Would you follow Mr. Peterson's rules before you had sex with someone other than me?"

"No! Yes! I wouldn't have sex with someone else!"

"Mr. Peterson admits that he has thought about sex with many other women, other than his beautiful wife Sara. Do you admit to the same kinds of thoughts?"

"No."

"Really?" Her eyebrows rose as she looked him in the face. He had looked away as he said, "No."

"Really."

She got out of her chair and handed an envelope from her purse to a waiter. It had something written on the outside of the envelope. He took it and walked away. Mrs. Sharp sat back down and began eating her salad. 

"That's it?" Sara asked.

"I'm considering what my husband has just said. He sounded like he meant it, didn't he?"

Sara and Mrs. Fountain nodded. Mrs. Sharp took another bite of her salad and so did everyone at the table.

I watched the waiter. As he walked across the room I saw a tall man leave the table the waiter seemed to be headed towards. When he arrived he said something and a woman took the envelope. She read what was inside and said something to the waiter. He pointed in our direction and she walked to us. Jack Sharp would have needed to turn around to see her coming. He didn't. When she was standing behind Jack, Mrs. Sharp spoke to her.

"Jack has been telling us how wrong it is to cheat on a marriage. He told us that he never lusts after anyone but me, his wife. Do you believe him?"

"Why are you asking me? What's going on?"

"Jack has been a very bad boy. He had sex with you. He had sex with you and made a DVD of it. I have the DVD."

Jack jumped to his feet and said, "It isn't true!"

"Sit down, Jack." Mrs. Sharp said softly. He sat. The woman from across the room stood still and looked close to fainting. Her mouth looked like she wanted to say something but couldn't get her face to work.

Mrs. Sharp looked around the table and said, "Would you like some proof? Ok. This woman," (She pointed at the woman standing behind her husband) has a tattoo on the left cheek of her ass. It is a tattoo of a star and a crescent." The woman's face went pale.

At that moment the man I had seen leaving her table minutes before stepped beside her. He looked at Mrs. Sharp and said, "What tattoo? Where?"

"On her ass and it's a star and a crescent."

"How can you know that?"

"I have a DVD of my husband Jack (she pointed) and her having sex. The tattoo shows in more than one scene."

The man looked at his wife. It was obvious that he wanted to hit her. He said, "Did you fuck him?" He asked in such a loud voice that the room stopped. Everyone looked at him and the woman he faced.

She started to answer and he said, "Do not speak! Nod or shake your head."

She nodded. Tears fell from her face.

"Give me your rings."

"Please, No! Forgive me." She reached for him. He grabbed her left hand and took the rings off her.

"The earrings." He held out his hand. She took them off. Then the necklace. He put them in the pocket of his tuxedo jacket.

She was sobbing and looking at the floor. No one in the ballroom moved. Our table had the attention of everyone in the room.

"The dress." She looked up at him and said, "I have only hose under the dress."

"You may keep the hose and the shoes. Give me the dress. If you do not I will rip it from your body."

She lifted the dress up over her head and handed it to him. She was nude except for the stockings and her shoes.

He spoke to everyone in the room. "In the culture where I was raised her adultery would be punished by death. I see wisdom in not killing her. She is no longer my wife. She is no longer anyone I know. Anyone who wants her can have her. She comes just as you see her. She has fucked another woman's husband." He turned and left the ballroom.

Sara looked at me. Her eyes pleaded with me. I stood and walked to the humiliated woman. Her body shook as she cried and felt her utter humiliation. I put my Tux jacket around her shoulders and had her sit in my chair. Both Sara and Selina put their arms around her.

Mrs. Sharp spoke. "Jack, we have not forgotten you. Just after we left home this evening the locks were all changed. All your personal accounts have been frozen. None of your personal credit cards will work." She waved and a man came from another table and served Jack his papers. Divorce and a restraining order.

"You will be asked to agree to a settlement. If you agree you will keep your precious company. If you fight me you will lose everything. I will send copies of the DVD to everyone in your business data base."

Mrs. Sharp stood and before she left she looked at me and said, "Is tomorrow still OK?"

"Yes. About ten?" I asked.

"Excellent!" She turned and walked out. Before she got to the double doors, we followed. Selina on my left, our new friend on my right and Sara helping me hold her up. When we reached my car I stopped and looked at the woman wearing my jacket.

"You no longer exist in the world you knew. You may come with us to our home. You will be our guest for seven days. At the end of the seven days you can either walk out the door or choose to stay. If you accept my offer you will have a new life. For a new life you will need a name. Would you like to choose a name or shall I?"

"Call me whatever you like." Her voice was a whisper.

"Sara, she will be your sister for the next seven days. I want you to name her. Think about it and tell me when we get home." I turned to Selina. "Are you coming home with us?"

"I would like to, Sir. May I follow you? That way I can bring my car."

"Yes. Sara will go with you and you will not get lost. Do you need to stop anywhere along the way?"

"No."

"Good. We will see you at home." We walked to the two cars and left the Biltmore. Forty-five minutes later I opened the garage door and parked inside. I got out and went to the passenger door. She had not spoken once during the trip. She held the jacket close around her and she cried. I helped her out of the car and we walked into the house.

She followed me across the house and into our bedroom. I found a robe and handed it to her, taking my jacket and hanging it up. I pointed to the bed and said, "Please sit." She did. 

I fully undressed and went into the bathroom and showered, shaved and drained my bladder. When I went back into the bedroom she had not moved.

"Do you need to use the bathroom?"

"Yes, Sir."

I pointed and she went quickly into the bathroom. I heard her stream and I heard the flush. When she came back I pointed to the bed and said, "Please sit."

Sara and Selina came in. I waited until they were in the bedroom and I said, "We need to have a conversation. Selina, I suspect you want to be a part of the conversation. Before we have the conversation I want you comfortable. Sara, please get robes for both of you."

She went into the closet and brought back two robes. Both sexy. One in green and one in blue. She gave the blue to Selina.

"Take everything off. All three of you should be wearing only the robes."

Sara didn't hesitate. She took everything off, gathered the clothes from Selina and the stockings from our new friend and she put them all in a hamper in the bathroom. I sat in a chair. I pointed to the bed and said, "Please sit."

Selina sat on one side and Sara the other side of our newest female friend.

"Sara, give her a new name, please."

"We will call you Esta."

"I like it. Esta, do you like your new name?"

"I do. Thank you."

"Now, to the conversation. In this family I am the master. Sara is my wife and she has given me her life. We discovered years ago that Sara has a submissive nature. That does not mean she is weak. She is incredibly strong. While we were at dinner we had a non-verbal conversation. We agreed to bring you here Esta and offer you a place in our family. We both sense that you have a submissive nature. Do you understand our offer, Esta?"

"I think so."

"Explain it to us, please."

"If I accept I will do as you say. My life will be yours to command and I will obey."

"That is one way to say it. I prefer to say that you will decide that you choose to focus your life on pleasing me and having me take care of you. I do not command often. Mostly I request. I ask please. When I do that, Sara hears an opportunity to please me and she willingly complies. You will do that too."

"Everything?"

"Yes. Everything. You will never wear anything I don't like. If I want you to have long hair, you will let it grow. If I want you to shave your pussy, you will shave it often enough that I will never feel stubble. You will eat what I tell you to eat, get the exercise I specify and you will help maintain our homes. Understand now?"

"Yes. I will live my life to please you."

"And we, in turn, will live our lives with the intent to have you have a wonderful life."

"Then I accept."

"Too soon. Stay with us for a week. See if this is a fit. See if your submissive nature meshes with this family. If it does, and we see the same thing, then you can accept. If it doesn't work, I will give you enough clothes to fill a suitcase and enough money to hold you for about a month while you build a new life."

"I accept. One week. You are generous."

I turned slightly and said, "Selina, your situation is not the same as Esta's. There is no urgency for you to decide anything. Somehow I believe that you were at our table on purpose. Right?"

"Yes, Sir. I wanted to meet Sara and you."

"Now, you have met us. You know how we live. I know nothing about you. Please tell me about yourself."

"Three years ago I gave myself to Martin Webster. I believe you knew him. I have been his until three months ago, when he died of a heart attack. I found that he had taken care of me very well financially and had left me three names of men he thought would be good to me. Your name was at the top of the list. It took me a while to find you. When I did, I found that you would be at the fund raiser tonight. I bought my way in so that I could meet you."

"I knew Martin. I did not know he had you in his life."

"I offer myself to you as Martin wished me to do. Since I trusted him with my life, I continue to do so."

"I will not give you my answer until Monday at the soonest. I must check you out and see if what you tell me is so. Perhaps the same seven days would be best for both of you."

"Yes, Master. As you wish."

"Esta, listen carefully. Selina used the title Master. Neither of you is to use that title anywhere except in our play room. If you use it outside the playroom you will be punished. Each time you use it the punishment will be more painful. Do you both understand?"

Esta said, "Yes, Sir." Selina said, "As you say, Sir."

"In public I am Nick, Mr. Peterson or Honey. You will learn which term to use when. Selina, did Mr. Webster mark or collar you?"

"Yes. I took it off and it was buried with him. He had the hood of my clitoris pierced and a gold ring put there."

"I have been considering having Sara pierced. Perhaps we will have all three of you done. But, not tonight. This is a king sized bed but three women and me is too many. Sara, would you show Esta and Selina to the guest room? The blue one. You will sleep together. In the morning, at nine, be back in here. Please do not pleasure yourself or each other tonight."

Sara led them out of the bedroom and in two minutes she was back. I was in bed. She hung the robe back in the closet and joined me.

"May we talk?" She asked.

"Yes."

"You have made my life easier tonight. With three of us to take care of everything we can take wonderful care of you. Thank you, Honey."

"I also made your life more difficult. It will be up to you to train both of them. Esta will be the easier. Selina will need to unlearn some of the things Webster taught her. I will give you three weeks. After that you will be punished every time they screw up."

"Nick, Mrs. Sharp will be here at ten."
