 This is the final chapter. Please enjoy and read the concluding request for feedback. 




Sunday morning, after their usual shower, they put fresh sheets on their beds and clean towels in the bathroom, and then get dressed and go to breakfast. Duong is sitting with a girl whom Jane recognizes as one from their French course. He doesn't hesitate to give them a smile, however, but they don't join them. The girl leaves before he does. To their surprise, he joins them, smiling again, and says: 

"She had already seen us together, and asked. Told that I was just helping you with your pronunciation."

"Did she ask you to help her?" Jane asks.

"Not quite, just said that she knew hers wasn't so good."

"Not so shy anymore?"

"I guess not."

Kathy grins and says: 

"I still have a lot of trouble getting my tongue to make sounds like French girls do."

Jane kicks her, but smirks, and they all chuckle. He says that he doesn't have to go back to his room, and they leave together, chuckling as they leave the building. On the way back to their room, he remarks: 

"Oh, it was a lot better than I thought, especially that we didn't yesterday."

"Don't make us too curious."

"We already are."

"You'll like it; I like it."

"We'll all like it."

"That too!" he agrees, and they all nod, exchanging grins.

In the room, they look at each other for a moment, then snorting and nodding, and immediately begin to take off their clothes, chuckling. 

"Your nudist colony," he murmurs.

"Yours too."

"Ours."

He nods with a grin. Naked, they move the bed without commenting. As they are about to get on it, he says: 

"Oh, I want to tell first," and goes back and takes some blue paper out of his pants pocket. 

"We're all ears," Jane replies, she and Kathy now waiting for him to sit between them.

"And breasts and pussies, too," he adds with a smirk as he crawls over the beds.

He doesn't put his arms around them. Kathy looks at the paper in his hand and asks: 

"A letter?"

"Two, why it is especially good that we didn't yesterday."

"Uh? From Anh?"

"Um-hmm. The first one I found Saturday afternoon. Might not have found it till Monday, if we hadn't done more, why it was so good that we didn't, so I could reply immediately, and then got hers yesterday, also good, that way. She's never written me before."

"But of course, she now did want to."

"Sure did!"

"You don't have to read them to us."

"Maybe you shouldn't."

"But I want to, think it will be all right."

"If you want to."

"Um-hmm."

He unfolds a couple of smaller letter pages and reads:  

"Dear Dong,

Hope you don't mind my using the nickname you don't like, 

but that is what comes to mind when I think of you, when I 

see you in my dreams, feel you in my hand, in my mouth, 

wanting to feel you somewhere else, but then you fade away! 

Oh, I have started this letter a couple of times, trying not to 

say that, but it is what I want to say.

It was just so good, and I think it was for you too. So good!

Oh, I don't know what else I want to write. I hope it was that

good for you too. But it wasn't the first time for you. I don't 

like to think about that, but cannot help it. Oh, I guess it was

good that it wasn't, but don't like to think why and how.

And she isn't a girlfriend? But you can with her again?

"Can't be helped, if you want to. Oh, you must want to! Like 

I do, now that I know how good it is. I guess you will. I 

probably will now too. Hope you don't mind. But it won't be 

the same. Hope it isn't for you either. 

Oh, at least it's now better when I do it - a lot better! When I 

am not in a hurry, I think about what you did the first time, and 

what I did, and then ..., well, you can imagine! Do you too?

But maybe you don't have to. I don't want to think about it.

Sometimes I try to count the times: for each of us, this way 

and that, and together. So many, too many to count, but not 

enough! 

'I could have "danced" all night, I could have "danced"all night, and 

still have begged for more.' Well, all day, of course. 

Can't sign:

Your Fair Lady."

The girls are silent after he finishes reading. Then Kathy murmurs: 

"Good that we didn't do anything more last week; it had sounded like you felt about the same way."

"I guess so."

"You know so," Jane murmurs.

"And we like it."

"Um-hmm," Jane agrees, adding: "I never felt like that."

"You know I didn't," Kathy agrees.

He puts his arms around them, and they roll their shoulders towards him, rubbing his chest. He hugs them and replies: 

"You two are so great. Thank you for being so understanding."

"We told you what this is about."

"And now you know why we couldn't one-on-one with a someone who wasn't a boyfriend."

"But you are, sort of, just not ... well, you understand."

"Um-hmm," he agrees, hugging them again.

They are silent for several seconds. Then he says: 

"So I wrote back, why it was good that I had time on Saturday, also with a couple of false starts. I hope I said the right things. Yes, I felt like she did, but what about my non-girlfriend - you two? Finally, I just told the whole story - as briefly as I could. She had accepted that we would again; I explained - I hope - why there wasn't 'a' girlfriend. Oh, it got too long, admitting that we would - didn't say that we just had - and that I could understand that she would. Hmm! Too long to stuff in an envelope her parents would see; then typed it to get it on one page."

"I hope she understood it the way you meant."

"That was brave, trying to explain us."

"I thought so too, but it seemed better to try to explain that than have her keep thinking about one, supposedly non-girlfriend, pretty unbelievable."

"Very! Why each of us couldn't with just one guy."

"You're right; I would have thought so."

"Did she write back?"

"Um-hmm, got her letter yesterday, why it was good that we waited till today."

"You didn't seemed upset about it."

"Hm-hmm! No. Have to read it too."

He takes his arms from around them, but they don't roll back, settling more comfortably with a thigh drawn up over his. He nods and begins to read: 

"Dear Dong, 

Two of them! Is that two half-girlfriends? Not one "a girlfriend"? 

Or two girlfriends, so that you could say that you didn't have 

"a girlfriend" - just one? Oh, you tried to explain it. Sounded like 

something in a novel, not that I have read one like that. 

They're roommates and both wanted to with you? That! 

And everything else, I guess. 

My shy cousin, who had left home a virgin! 

Oh, it can't be helped, if you want to, as long as we can when 

you are home. Am I jealous? A little, but very envious!

At least, you really can't mind if I do now. But that is a little 

wishful thinking after your explanation why they both wanted to 

with you. Maybe it is good that you explained that; I might have 

misled some boy to think I really like him. 

Looking at the positive side. Can't deny you your pleasure, just

wish it were with me. My hairbrush handle is no substitute.

Your spring break is so long away. 

Are you going to tell them about me, about us? If you do, and feel 

like me, as I do about you - as I hope - and tell them that too, 

maybe they'll understand and just remain half-girlfriends or 

whatever. 

I will try to forget about them, especially when I go to bed.

Your Fair Lady"

The girls rub his chest, nodding. He murmurs: 

"I do. I did tell you, well, let her tell you."

"And we understand."

"Like - 'as', in her better English - she wants us to."

"Um-hmm, didn't read her postscript yet: 

PS: OH! Two roommates, all three of you together?!

Doing everything together?! Why didn't I see that before?

Everything? They too?! Oh gosh! Did they? Do they?

Well, I guess if they can share you, neither of them can feel

that she is a real girlfriend. Funny, I guess." 

They all chuckle, nodding. Jane and Kathy rub his chest again, Kathy saying: 

"It is."

"And her logic is good, isn't it, Kathy?"

"Very!"

"It sure is! Funny, I mean, but also her logic, but it's also funny that she hadn't realized till then that we were - are - all together."

"One of us out taking a walk, then taking turns."

"Unlikely! Tell her that we do."

He puts his arms around them again, dropping her letters and finding their breasts, hugging them closer. Their hands slide past each other, hugging him. He murmurs: 

"Two 'half-girlfriends or whatever' is very nice."

They hug him again, nodding on his shoulders. His fingers fondle their nipples, and they nod again, after a moment, their thighs pressing down on his. His spread a little, letting them hold them between theirs. Their hands slid down on his sides, their fingers rubbing. The girls are looking at each other across his chest and don't see his cock stir. His fingers squeeze their aroused nipples, and he murmurs: 

"I will try to forget about them too, especially when I go to bed."

"Should be easy: her nice tan nipples," one murmurs, her hand sliding down to his hip. 

"Um-hmm," he agrees, squeezing hers again and adding: 

"Rosy pink ones are also nice," and then squeezes the other girl's nipple.

"Just try to forget them," she responds, her hand also sliding down. 

"I'll try."

The girls' hands meet on his cock, that has risen off his balls. Jane's fingers urge it into Kathy's hand. As it rises, she turns her hand on it, letting it rise further in her loose grasp, while Jane's fingers reach down and fondle his balls. He fondles their nipples and murmurs: 

"Whatever you want."

Kathy jogs her hand on his cock and replies: 

"We want to do it with each other and let you help."

"Oh? How?" he asks softly.

"She wants you to do it to her, while we do," Jane replies.

"Oh! And you?"

"Next time."

He nods and squeezes their breasts again. Kathy lets go of his cock, reaching up and grasping his shoulder, pulling herself up over him, kissing, thrusting her tongue in his mouth with humming chuckle. He nods, sucking, while Jane turns around and makes space for Kathy to join her, raising her thigh. Kathy slides further, and the girls curl up together. He rolls over, following her, and guides his cock under her hips. 

For a few moments, Jane's tongue arouses Kathy, and then finds her opening - wet. She reaches over and grasps his ass and with her tongue helps the head of his cock slip into Kathy's pussy. She moans, and moans again, as he moves to let it slip deeper in her. His hips thrust a few times, but then are still. For a while hums and the moist sounds of licking tongues are all that suggest what's happening. 

Occasionally, he gives an aroused "uhn!" and his hips twitch. Jane's hand is still on his ass. When her fingers creep further, his hand finds her breast, and her fingers stop just creeping, scrambling quickly to his asshole. When his hand moves to find hers, Kathy's fingers are already there. He encourages them and then finds Kathy's breast. She nods and rocks her hips back, and he begins to fuck her again, slowly. 

Then his hips stop moving, and he murmurs: 

"Oooh! Don't have to do anything, if your pussy does that, keeps doing that."

"Uhn-hnn," she agrees with nod.

"Mmmm! It does. ... Hm-hmmm! It does!"

When both girls' hips begin to twitch, he starts to fuck her again, all of them moaning. His moans become groans, and then he grunts with harder thrust of his cock in her pussy, and they both gasp, grunting and moaning again as it thrusts a second time, and third, and fourth, while Jane's tongue makes very wet noises. 

When their hips still, Jane's twitch insistingly, and she mutters: "Me too!"

Kathy hugs her hips tighter to her face again, and her finger does something that elicits from her a chuckling moan and " That too!" and then she is just moaning, then with more aroused, pulsing moans, and then not just her hips are twitching, her body spasming, as Kathy's tongue makes wetter noises. 

As they continue, he snorts and murmurs: "I guess so." Finally, Jane gives a long, deeper moan and rolls back. Kathy sighs and licks her wet lips, leaning back against him. Her hand slides off Jane's hip and swings back and rubs his. While Jane is still recovering with sighs, Kathy murmurs: 

"Oh that was good!" 

"It sure was! Your pussy squeezing my cock like that."

"A lot better feeling with something in it to squeeze."

"Whose idea was that?"

"Mine. Hm-hmm! Getting it both ways."

Jane snorts and chuckles, remarking: 

"Unfair."

"Next time."

"You two," he remarks: "she must have been right."

"She was," the girls reply in unison, chuckling, one adding: 

"I wonder if she would too, a nice girlfriend till Easter vacation."

"I'm not going to ask her or suggest it. You think all girls would?"

"Well, our girlfriend showed us, and she learned from another girl."

"Who learned from another one."

"It's too good and easy, just need the right introduction."

"Hmm, I guess so," he replies.

"Oh, and it's good another way; keeps us from worrying too much about having dates."

"Maybe, but this with you is much better for that, and - like last week - we concentrate on getting course work done."

"Um-hmm! I did too. Hm-hmm! But not an explanation to write home about."

They all chuckle, and Kathy remarks: 

"Got to go, even though I think I've already leaked."

In the bathroom, he remarks: 

"And you can with each other during the week."

"When you're thinking about her," Jane suggests.

"Trying to. Oh, I do, but a couple of nights ago, I'm afraid I was anticipating being with you again, but not like that."

"We were too, but not anymore when we were in bed together," Kathy replies, Jane adding: 

"But it's a lot better with you."

"And even better with both of you!" Kathy adds with a grin.

"Just be lucky that I let you find out first."

"But if you only want to do that now, I don't get to do everything else I like," he remarks.

"And we like! You will!" Jane replies.

"Um-hmm! We can do that in between," Kathy adds.

"Like right now!" Jane suggests with a grin, licking her lips and reaching out and fondling his soft cock. He smirks and agrees: 

"I guess so. She wrote something about not being able to deny me my pleasure."

"And ours," Kathy adds.

They return to the beds and all curl up together, his cock in Jane's mouth. For a while, they take turns teasing each other. When his cock twitches, and he sounds more aroused, Jane's tongue and head stop moving and let him relaxing a little, but then it's her turn to make his cock twitch again. That happens a few times, and then he chuckles and finds Kathy's asshole with his fingers. Hers then find Jane's, and then hers find his. 

"Uhn-hnn!" he responds, and then they stop teasing each other. His orgasm makes him forget Kathy's pussy for a few moments, but arouses Jane to have her orgasm, appreciated by Kathy with wetter licking. Then he gives her the same pleasure, humming as he laps up her pussy juice.

They recover, relaxing, fondling breasts, exchanging satisfied, chuckling hums. Kathy snorts and says: 

"Remember to tell her that we do."

"Um-hmm, and like to do it as much as you do. Hm-hmm! Almost as much as we like to do it to you."

"Maybe you shouldn't tell her that."

"I don't think so," he agrees, fondling Kathy's breast. Jane nods on his thigh, Then she snorts and says: 

"The handle of her hairbrush."

"Surprised me a little," he remarks.

"Probably occurs to lots of girls, but we've got something better. Get your toothbrush, Kathy."

"You want to show him that?!"

"Why not? Maybe she should get one."

"Her toothbrush?" he asks.

"Get it."

Kathy snorts and rolls free of the others and sits up. As she is getting off the bed, Jane adds: 

"And your pliers."

"You really want to show him?!"

"Why not?"

"Pliers?" he asks.

Kathy shrugs and gets them. The others have sat up when she returns, he with a curious expression on his face, then muttering: "an electric toothbrush ... and pliers?" Jane takes the toothbrush from her and turns it on, handing it to him. He smirks and says: 

"And you use it like she did - does?"

"Haven't since we met you," Kathy replies.

"But before? And the pliers?"

Jane takes the toothbrush back and turns it off, pulling off the brush. Kathy smiles wryly and hands her the pliers. Jane grins at him and shows him what happens when she holds the pin with the pliers and turns it on again, after a few moments, turning it off. 

"Oh! Like that?! And you put it your pussies?"

"Before we had your cock."

"Hmm! It can't do that."

"It can do something else, better."

"I'm not sure."

"It can," Kathy agrees with Jane, who snickers and remarks: 

"It can, but this is pretty good, too."

"I bet! That thing twisting back and forth in you."

"In Kathy."

"Hnn! In mine? Why not in yours, if you have to show him?"

"Because you know what I want to do later."

"I don't know. Well, I know what you want to do later, but ..."

"So you won't be frustrated."

He remarks: 

"I don't know if I want her to know about this, but I'm curious."

"Come on, Kathy, let me."

"I guess so." she agrees with shrug, giving him a resigned smile and then smirking.

Jane drops down on the floor, and Kathy moves her hips to the edge of the bed, lying back, taking her toothbrush from Jane and turning it on. As she holds it to her pussy, she gives him a wry grin and then watches her hand let it vibrate on her clitoris, after a moment, humming. She hums some more. Jane is staring at her pussy, then snaps the pliers together a couple of times. Kathy nods with a snort and turns the end of her toothbrush down into her pussy, moaning. Jane takes it from her hand and turns it off, catching the pin with the pliers. She pushes the toothbrush deeper in her pussy, till her thumb on the switch is touching her. Kathy gasps in anticipation and exclaims softly: 

"Oh shit!" and gasps again, when it begins to twist back and forth in her pussy.

More gasps and moans follow, as Jane fucks her with her twisting toothbrush. He is staring at how Jane is moving it: in and out, changing the direction. His hand finds his cock, which soon fills it, stiffening, when he sees Kathy's fingers begin to rub back and forth over her clitoris. Her moans become pulsing whimpers, as her hips begin to twitch. With another "Oh shit," she loses control of her body, whimpering, laughing, as it convulses, and he sees her pussy juice spurt. 

Jane is also moaning softly, grinning at her success. Kathy lets another spasm wrack her and then forces Jane's hand to pull her toothbrush out it. It twists until she finds the switch; Kathy still gasping and groaning. Jane glances over at him with a grin, then noticing that he is holding his stiff cock. She gives him a better grin with a chuckle. He nods, grinning back. 

They wait for Kathy to recover. Eventually, she opens her eyes and murmurs again: 

"Oh shit! Shouldn't have done that, let her do it."

"Too good?" he asks.

"Hmm? Have to try to remember how good it was before."

"Very! And your toothbrush doesn't get aroused."

"Like your cock did," Jane remarks with a grin, adding: "and my pussy."

"Do what you want, then," Kathy replies, grinning at them in turn.

"Like I want?" Jane asks.

"Probably."

They all chuckle, Jane and Duong grinning and nodding, as Kathy sits up. Jane says to him: 

"Come here," and moves over on the floor. As he moves down next to Kathy, she suddenly says to Jane: 

"No, you just did that; my turn. Then you can do what you want. Hm-hmm! And I'll help."

"Hmm? And I just watch till then?"
