 One morning, I walked into the local gym and went to the front desk. I was already slim enough but Emily said I'd look great if I had more muscle tone as well. As I walked in, a strong woman with frightening eyes glared at me before walking off toward the back.

"Hi there!" a peppy voice greeted me. I turned to see a bouncy and busty brunette teen behind the desk, "how can I help you?"

"I'd uh..." I stammered, trying not to stare at the 32D boobs in her sports bra, "like to... start my membership."

"Here?" she said in a confused voice to which I nodded and handed her the card which she took. I then waited as she looked through the computer and finally she said,

"You're all set. I'm sorry I seemed surprised. It's just you're the first male to ever sign up here. But if you need anything please don't hesitate to ask." she said, "Feel free to look around. Treadmills and weights are around the corner and down the hall is the pool and sauna."

I thanked her to which she gave me another warm smile, revealing her shiny braces.

I then saw three women on treadmills staring at me intently and I gave them a wave to which they all smiled, watching as I warmed up to lift the benchpress. 

I think I'll love it here, I thought to myself, watching the three continue to run, their ample knockers bouncing rapidly.

"Wonderful sight isn't it?" a voice asked behind me and I turned to see a woman looking as well with 34F rack just above my head.

"Uh..." I said as I blanked.

"No need to explain," she said as she walked up beside me, "it's perfectly fine."

The woman was stunning, her unrestrained boobs practically popping from her sweaty white top and her ass was squeezed into some black and white shorts, not even reaching her thighs. Her blonde hair hung past her shoulders as she helped me the proper form.

"I'm Yolanda," she said, "Jennie's older sister and spotter."

"Older?" I asked, "I would've suspected you were the same age."

She blushed. "A young Casanova I see? Well, let's see how manly you are."

She gave me 120 which I easily lifted (both Emily and Vanessa's weights) and she was impressed as I finally maxed out at 250.

"Not bad," she said as she patted my back, "you're not too sore, are you?"

"No, of course not!" I replied, though my shoulder stung a little. But did you think I was going to tell her?

Yolanda smiled and had me walk over into the next room. It somewhat resembled a dance studio with polished floors and mirrors on all 4 walls.

"Seems we have the place to ourselves," Yolanda said as she shook her head, "I expected a large group."

I decided to test the water again. "I'm surprised it's empty. It seems like someone would come simply to see you."

She blushed again, and soon cold air filled the room. 

"Sorry about that," Yolanda said, "around this time it's usually filled with a hot class, so the air is to help them." 

My gaze was locked on her breasts, aroused with the freezing air. She followed my gaze and laughed.

"Yes, they are aroused," she laughed, "I hope it doesn't bother you."

"Oh no, not at all," I replied with a chuckle as she continued to watch it grow.

She turned and began to stretch, purposely bending over to give me a view of her full and juicy ass, getting my cock hard as iron. 

"You know Kyle," Yolanda said without taking her eyes off my bulge, "it's almost time for my form of exercise. Do you want to spot me?"

"Sure," I immediately answered.

"One major point of exercise Kyle," she said with a devious look as she sat on her juicy ass, "always make sure you're comfortable."

She hooked her hands into my waistband and lowered my pants. "Oh lord!!" Yolanda exclaimed as it popped out, firing a stream of precum just under her right eye.

She wiped it off and licked it from her finger. She then began to slowly stroke it while giving soft licks to my head. "I've never seen a dick so huge!"

She then pulled off her top, letting the huge orbs bounce free, each round and soft with a bright pink nipple. Yolanda lay back with her arms behind her head.

"Hold that cock in place baby," she said before suddenly moving in one fast movement and taking my cock into her mouth before pulling back. After a few minutes of this wondrous new treatment, I moved my hips to match her and I groaned as she even once went far enough for her forehead to connect with my pelvis.

"You're a good spotter Kyle," she said as she took a break, slobber and precum dripping down her chin. She then took me fully into her mouth, beginning to bob her head vigorously.

I moaned as I listened to Yolanda's loud slurps as she rolled my balls in her fingers, my cock down her throat. I began to move my hips in pace with her as she sped up as well, my balls slamming into her chin.

Her eyes were locked into mine as she alternated speed, clenching my ass cheeks as she reached up to play with my swollen balls or tweak her hard nipples. Feeling her suck me off was an amazing experience as she licked up and down my shaft before taking me back down.

"Fuck you feel so good..." I groaned as she went faster, a gleam in her eye. She began slobbering all over my length, the outline of my cock evident in her throat. She finally pulled me out, coughing and gasping.

"Holy fuck that thing is massive!" she said happily, "I believe some push-ups are in order..."

Seconds later, Yolanda was screaming on her stomach as I vigorously pushed into her ass before rising again and then entering. 

"Oh fuck!" she cried out as I slammed into her bowels. Yolanda's ass walls squeezed me as I pushed deeper and deeper, her sweet juices leaking onto the floor.

"Fuck me Kyle!" she begged, "plow me with that huge horse cock!"

She arched her back and cried louder as I got harder, groping her firm ass while I gave her the workout of a lifetime. 

I roared out as the first hard blast of cum fired into her and even more as I kept thrusting, my cock balls deep inside of her tight athletic ass. 

We lay there for a long time, our hearts pounding together. "I don't think I've been more pumped in my life," Yolanda laughed, and I did too.

She then leaned forward and began to suck me again, her plump lips wrapping around my head. I then moaned as she slid to the base, beginning to suck me off hard and faster until I blasted my last load down her throat.

"I think we'll need to schedule a series of intense workouts throughout the week..." Yolanda whispered.

"Yes ma'am..." I agreed happily.

"Now get out so I can clean up before someone sees this."

- - 

Upon walking out, I ran into one of the women who had been on the treadmills earlier. She was wearing a grey tank top with matching shorts, also barely covering her ass.

"Oh!" she greeted me when she turned around, "hello there. I was somewhat surprised to see a man here."

"Why don't men come here?" I asked, "it's a nice gym."

She smiled but didn't answer my question as the large woman whom I had encountered when I arrived walked up. Another black woman was with her.

"Is he bothering you Ellie?" the large woman with a loud knuckle crack.

"No Belinda," Ellie answered, "he isn't like the others. He's just being nice."

Belinda snorted in disbelief before giving me an angered look.

"Just let him be," Ellie said calmly before extending her hand, which I shook under the murderous glare of Belinda.

"Whatever," she finally said, "I'm going to hit the weights."

Belinda stormed off and Ellie gave me a comforting shoulder pat. "Don't mind her. She... has had problems with men before. But I think she'll warm up to you."

"If she doesn't detach my head from my body first," I said as I watched the frightening woman lift 1,000-pound balls with ease.

Ellie chuckled. "She may look dangerous but really she's very friendly."

I nodded, though not really believing it. Ellie said goodbye and walked off to spot Belinda. 

- -

After I also did some more weight lifting, I decided to check out the sauna to relax my sore muscles. I was relieved neither Ellie or Belinda had seen the boner I had gotten from working with them. Ellie I wouldn't have really minded. But Belinda probably would've made me a eunuch.

I hadn't seen Yolanda for a while and I could've desperately used her services. I stripped of my clothes and wrapped a towel around my waist. Once I walked in, I poured some more water onto the coals and sat on one of the benches and enjoyed the wet heat.

I then heard voices approaching.

"I wonder where Kyle went off too," I heard Ellie say, "such a nice young man."

"Yes," Jennie replied, "much different than ones I have met."

"Probably a no-good bastard like the rest of them," Belinda retorted.

I then realized they were walking in. Being as there was only one door, I decided to hide behind the towel shelf. 

I was surprised to see of them walking into the sauna, all wearing towels around them, all straining to hold in the large breasts behind them. They talked for a while about various things going on in their lives. For almost 10 minutes I heard a long silence but was afraid to move.

"Oh fuck yes..." I heard Jennie moan and I just had to look. My jaw dropped. Yolanda was between her sister's legs, lapping eagerly at her young cunt.

On the other side, Ellie was fingering Belinda and playing and sucking her F cups. My cock was pulsing and growing rapidly at the beautiful sight. But it was nothing compared to what happened next.

"I can't believe that boy nearly ruined our day," Belinda said.

"Oh calm down Belinda," Yolanda said, "he's nothing like Christopher was. In fact, he was rather sweet. Not to mention hung like a horse."

The others erupted into a clamour of questions.

"How do you know?" Ellie asked.

"Because..." Yolanda paused as her friends inched forward, "I fucked him!"

Everyone gasped as she continued. "And it was huge. I had never felt anything like it. It was at least a foot and a half long!"

I watched as Belinda even began to play herself, toying with her large clit while squeezing her boobs. 

Looking down, I noticed that my cock was starting to raise straight up. It poked out from between the towels as I kept on watching.

"Hey, what's that?" Yolanda pointed towards my direction.

All of them got up and made their way over to the towel shelf. They pushed them aside and spotted me standing there.

"You fucking, little, peeping tom!" Belinda shouted, grabbing me by the throat and pulling me right into her face. "You were spying on us."

"Actually... I was in here first." I tried to explain, feeling her hand tightening. "I just hid after I heard you all coming this way."

"Yeah," Belinda said through gritted teeth as she tightened her grip, making my vision blur, "to stare at us you little twerp!"

"Oh my god..." Ellie cut in, "You were right Yolanda! He is huge!"

Belinda and I looked down, seeing that my cock was free, and my towel was laying on the floor. My cock was between her legs, positioned near her cunt.

Jennie grabbed Belinda's arm. "You know Belinda? I have an idea." Belinda then set me down before pushing me back onto the bench.

"If you don't want us to call the police on you, you are going to have to something that is completely impossible." Jennie explained as she put her hands on my knees, letting her boobs hover before my face.

"What's that?" I asked.

"You have to fuck every single one of us." she said, "And you are not allowed to cum until all of us are good and satisfied."

I thought about it for a minute, before responding. "Deal! Where do I start?"

- -

"Stand up punk!" Belinda ordered.

I complied, my cock slapping against my thighs and Belinda tightly gripped my shaft. 

"Look at the size of it!" Ellie exclaimed in awe as she watched Belinda jerk me off, "it makes my husband's look even smaller."

Jennie laughed and traced her nails softly over my head, which is one of the most arousing feels in the world. "We're going to have a lot of fun with this, ladies..."

She got on her knees and began to stroke it. "You see Kyle," Jennie said as she watched me grow in her soft hands, "you caught us pretty much off guard with your coming here. With most of our relationships on the rocks, we find comfort in each other before returning to our regular and dull lives."

My cock was pulsing urgently, anxious to be able to show off for the sexually starving women. She then moved to rub my full balls, feeling their weight.

"As I said, if you fail to please even one of us, we will have to call the police, simply to protect our reputations." Jennie said, "but if you do well, you can come back anytime you like. And we all can be well satisfied. Not to mention you won't have to worry about blue balls anymore."

I was about to point out I never had blue balls anyway, but I decided to remain silent. She then stood and rubbed up my chest before moving her mouth close to my ear.

"Just for the record Kyle," she whispered, "I can't wait to feel you inside me."

My cock twitched, containing half my blood count by now as she applied some of the scented oils from the shelf I had been hiding behind. Her hand moved back and forth, back and forth from my base to the head.

"You have such a beautiful cock Kyle," Ellie said as she watched it bob slowly, "so thick and full. Henry doesn't have half of your size."

"And look at his balls!" Yolanda joined in, "even bigger than earlier!"

"Oh fuck, I can't wait to see this monster unload all that cum!" Jennie said as she rubbed my prick vigorously.

The only one who didn't speak was Belinda though I could see her eyes were also glued to my prick. This got me completely stiff which made Jennie smile. 

"Okay Kyle," Jennie said once I was fully lubricated, "I want you to fuck me first..."

She then got on all fours and I rubbed her tender pink pussy. I the spread her legs and pushed my head into her wet pussy. Jennie screamed loudly and wrapped her slender legs around my waist.

"Fuck yes!!" she begged, "Fuck me Kyle! Batter my fucking pussy!!"

I was more then happy to comply, entering her pussy balls deep and slamming with full force.

"My sweet heaven above!!" She screamed, grabbing a fist full of hair to push me in deeper. "No man has ever fucked me this great before!!"

I grabbed her ass to push deeper. Twisting and turning, she nearly drove me to cum but saved me at the last possible second.

"Wait!" She said, pushing me back again. "I want to be in control. So sit back and let's see if you can hold out."

I was forced to sit down on one of the benches, as Jennie stepped up. Her pussy hovered over my cock for a few moments, as she lined herself up, and then impaled herself on it with a mighty shout.

I wasted no time trusting up into her, making her bounce on my cock.

"Oh yes Kyle!" She screamed, bouncing up and down on my cock. "Fuck me with that big fat cock of yours! It's your greatest muscle!"

Watching her breasts, I grabbed and started sucking on them. Jennie hugged my head to hold me close to her. I could feel her bouncing harder on my cock.

"You're such a great lover!" She said, "Don't stop! I'm so close!!!"

With my mouth firmly on her tits, I grabbed her ass to fuck her harder. My balls helped by slapping her ass went she would reach the base.

"Oh Kyle!" She screamed "I'm about to cum!"

She began to frantically rub her clit, squeezing her boobs as she rode me faster. My swollen cock strained against the tight pussy walls as I groped her juicy ass.

I could feel myself about to cum as well but fought against it, while fucking her even harder. It paid off, as Jennie screamed to high heaven, throwing her head back, as she came all over my cock and stomach.

"Oh god!!!!" Jennie grunted as she drove herself down onto my cock, "fuck yes!!!" She didn't lose speed, her warm boobs shaking in my mouth.

Setting her down, I turned to see Ellie bent over and spreading and rubbing her pussy's lips open for me. "Please Kyle..." She begged, "Fuck me next... I can't wait another second..."

I smirked, walking over to her. Grabbing her ass with a strong smack, I lined myself up and rammed deep inside her.

She howled as I entered her and I immediately began to fuck her.

"Oh yes!!" She screamed, "Work those hips!! Ram that entire horse cock into me!!"

As we fucked, I bent over her to grab her breast and laying my head over her shoulder. She moaned, turning her head towards me, and started kissing me passionately.

Our tongues wrestled for domination, but mine easily won out. I continued to attack her pussy, pumping vigorously as I held firmly onto her boobs. 

We kissed for a while, until Jasmine broke the kiss to shout, "Fuck me Kyle! Play with my tits!! Fuck me so no other man can please me!!!"

I fucked her harder. My sack slapping her ass with every trust. I took her nipples between my finger and twisted and pulled on them, causing her to moan.

Ellie screamed as she tightened her grip onto the soaked bench, staring at me with her desperate green eyes. I groped and squeezed her big and soft melons, fucking her even harder.

"That's It Kyle!" She screamed, her cunt soaking wet and tight. "I'm your woman! Your slut!! Your sex toy!!!" She shouted, cumming hard and creating a puddle under her.

She whimpered and squeezed her boobs while rocking her hips to meet my anxious thrusts, pounding deeper and deeper. I tugged at the hard nipple and she began to cum again.

"Oh! OH FUCK!!!" she screamed as I continued to fuck her madly, "Oh fuck! Yes! Fuck me just like that!!"

Ellie fell to the floor with a big smile on her face, and her juices dripping from my prick. 

"And then there was one..." Jennie said as Ellie struggled to stand and all eyes turned to Belinda. She was very wet from seeing me endure the long hours of fucking her friends though I wasn't sure how long I could hold out once I entered her.

"You're so huge Kyle..." she whispered.

I could sense her apprehension and I began to slowly move my hips, feeling her wonderful hand pumping along with me. 

"Do you want to ride it Belinda?" I asked her softly.

She looked at me again, her eyes filled with nervousness.

"Yes Kyle," she said with more determination, "I do. Solely to show that you can't handle a real woman."

I rolled my eyes but I was practically drooling over her insanely hot body watching as she got closer, her strong, juicy and perfectly round boobs capped with a bright pink nipple.

She leaned forward letting her beautiful tits dangle near my face and I began to kiss and caress them while she continued to stroke me.

Belinda said as she swung her leg over me. We both moaned as her trained pussy muscles locked around my throbbing cock.

She began riding me hard, slamming my cock inside her wet pussy. I wasted no time fucking the day lights out of her, matching her bounces.

"Oh fuck!" Belinda shouted as I squeezed her tits.

"You like that?" I asked, struggling not to unleash my thick load into her cunt.

"You like that?" I said, smirking as I continued fucking her.

She looked me right in the eyes with great anger. "Don't get so full of yourself." She said, "You're... alright."

'Alright?' I thought, feeling my blood boil. 'Alright?' 

"I'll so you 'alright'!" I shouted with great rage, grabbing her by the ass and picking her up, bouncing her wildly on my cock.

Her breasts bounced wildly up and down, unable to keep up with how fast her body along my cock. I heard her crying out. "Oh fuck! It's too big! I can't take it!"

A massive smirk grew on my face, as I thought of another wicked idea. I turned her around, so her back was too me, while she was still on my cock.

"Yes!" Belinda screamed.

"That's right!" I shouted, moments away from blasting, "it feels good doesn't it!!"

"Yes! It's the best cock I've ever had!"
