 As I walk through the hall way of the spa, stretching my neck as I go and extending my arms to crack my knuckles, I wonder what kind of customers my boss has stuck me with today. As if put on her dump-on list as of late, I had nothing but the old, wrinkly, and unappreciative clientèle. I stop in front of a mirror to check my short spikes atop my head, when the reflection shows me a vision that made my entire body react. Behind me struts two women, robes and slippers in hand, mid to late twenties at best, walking close to one another and talking quietly to themselves. 

I pretend to continue brushing my hand through my hair as they pass behind me, their whispers becomes more private as they stride past, and a slight giggle can be heard. I think to myself that I caught a side glimpse from one of them, the dark haired one with the highlights and beautiful eyes, but that was wishful thinking. I continue on my way to the front desk to collect my first assignment for the day, wanting to look back at the two beauties that passed me, but I held myself back, not wanting to torture myself. My persistence in not looking only meant that I would miss their backwards gaze towards me.

I pick up the clipboard that dictates my first client, and browse the list from the bottom up, liking to know how I end my day, rather than start it. A slow day for a Saturday as I have only four for the entire day, which I rather like, as it allows me to take better care of the clients I do have. I take my assignment sheet back to the locker room to change. 

Sitting on the bench as I slide my black sweatpants on, I study the sheet. A Swedish/ Deep Tissue massage on a Kaylee, then an assist on a Mud Wrap on a Sara, then a set up steam/aromatherapy on both of them. The fact that the same clients appeared on three of my four assignments intrigued me, as that rarely happens. I slip my black tank over my body and stand up and stretch. Folding the paper and slipping it into my back pocket I walk out into the hallway once more, I was not even able to dream of the day I was about to have. 

Feeling a sense of anticipation in myself, possibly from the knowledge that there are at least two women in the house that I would actually enjoy putting my hands on, I walk straight to the massage room. I open the door to the rush of cool air, and lay my eyes upon a true sight. The beautiful girl with the highlights in her hair sat upon the massage table, her robe folded neatly on her lap as her legs dangled elegantly off the sides. She ceased from looking around the room at the multiple candle laden tables and mirrors adorning the wall, as her head snaps around to look at who walked through the door. Our eyes meet with a smile, and as I come to my senses once again and wipe the goofy smile from my face, I step towards her to introduce myself. 

I begin to make small talk with her to get her accustomed to me, the "is this your first time here?" formalities and such, slipping her the occasional joke to make her laugh and loosen up. I guide her to a changing room, and instruct her to disrobe, leaving only the silk robe to cover her upon return. I watch as she smiles at me and closes the door behind her. I then proceed to adjust my sweatpants and light the candles throughout the room, dim the lights, and set the mood music on the stereo. 

I begin to layout various oils and rubs on the table beside the bed as Kaylee emerges from the changing room. Shiny, silky legs carrying her across the glowing marbled floor towards the table, as she circles around it, as if to show herself to me from every beautiful angle. Her skin glistens in the glow of the candlelight, from her slightly exposed cleavage, the slender muscles in her calves. 

"What is it?" she asks me, snapping me from my trance.

"Nothing." I reply. "It's just that I haven't had such an attractive client such as yourself in quite sometime." I say in a flirtatious tone.

She smiles a thank you as she stands and awaits my next instruction to her.

I instruct her then to remove the robe and place it beneath the table, then to get up on the table and cover herself with the large towel. I then turn my back to allow her some privacy as she removes the robe, resisting the urge to peek with great difficulty. I listen as she climbs up onto the table and rustles the towel over herself until she tells me she is ready. 

I turn around to gaze over her figure laid out on the table, the towel covering her from her knees to her upper back, draping only slightly down her sides. I walk around the table once to configure my approach on just how I am going to lay my hands on this beauty. I ask her the general questions such as where she would like me to focus on, where she has persistent trouble, and is there anything in particular she would like done. Jokingly she says she "wants it all over", but I wonder if this was a joke at all. I giggle in acknowledgement and reach for the oils to begin her session.

Soft new age music plays to the background noise of soft water trickling as I rub the oil into my hands, and drizzle the warm liquid onto her shoulders. I instruct her to relax, to loosen her body and just let herself go to the moment. The minute my hands touch her, I feel her body shudder briefly, then melt into my touch. Gently I rub the oil into her skin, letting my hands wander over the silky skin, lubricated nicely now with the aromatic oils. As I warm her up, I ask her if she comes here often, which she jokingly interprets as a pick up line. I respond by saying that I have not seen her here before, which is unfortunate.

"So far, I'd come back much more often if you always do such a wonderful job." She comes back with. 

She can sense my smile, as she giggles softly. 

I know she is not alone, but I ask out of curiosity of her answer is she came alone today. She begins to tell me of her friend who Sara, who is getting prepped for a body wrap. A brief history of their friendship ensues and hints are dropped at her equal attractiveness, but that is something that I already knew. I then tell her that I think she may be the same Sara that I am scheduled to work with after her. Curiously she seems intrigued that this is so.

My eyes gaze down her body as I continue to knead my fingertips into her shoulder blades, the sensual curve of her slightly exposed breast captures my gaze for a minute when her squirm beneath the sheet reminds me of my task at hand. I apologize and steer my focus to her arms. Kneading my fingers into her triceps gently as I lift her arm of the table and extend it outwards towards me, working my fingers into her nicely defined muscles, down to her forearms and out to her hands. As I continue to her work her hands, unconsciously I draw her arm closer to me when I suddenly become aware of my arousal as her tricep brushes gently against the firmness in my sweats. Did I do it on purpose I do not know, and her reaction to it would not be known until later, but nonetheless I continue her massage. 

I ask her if she is enjoying it thus far and she groans her approval, and as I slide her arm back in to proceed with the rest of her body, her palm opens and brushes against my erection yet again, this time more purposeful than the last. I shrug it off and work her other arm. 

I explain to her that I am going to focus on her lower back now, and ask her if she has a problem with me uncovering her upper body. She shakes her head with certainty, and I fold the towel once over resting it over her nicely rounded cheeks. I slowly drizzle the oil over the small of her back and begin to work my hands into her. I watch her squirm to my touch, and desperately fight to shake the thoughts that race through my mind as I listen to her moan at my touch. Hastily I finish up this area, and explain to her that I am now going to focus on her legs. She groans her approval as I fix the towel back to cover her up. 

The thought of this beauty that fills my mind has not let my erection calm down. I am lucky that her head remains buried in the hole of the massage table so that I do not have to fight to hide it, as the sweatpants makes it virtually impossible to do so. Giddy with the fact that I have had my hands all over this gorgeous woman's body for fifteen minutes now, I decide to take a chance and ask her if she minds me exposing her butt slightly to work her legs. To my amazement, she says no. I shake it off, and proceed to take advantage of the situation before she changes her mind. I roll the towel up her legs, exposing her long, slender legs to me for the first time. I shake my head at the incredible sight. I stop rolling the towel halfway up her cheeks, and marvel at this woman's comfort with her body being exposed to a complete stranger. 

Once more I oil up my hands, and plant my hand behind her knee as I begin to knead my way up her thigh. Working deeper with each pass of my hands, her leg seems to roll outward instinctively as my fingers work into the taut flesh of her thigh. My fingers work its way in between her legs, and I feel her muscles tighten as they slither upwards towards her ass. I tell her to relax, as I will not violate her in any way, and she responds with a shocking sigh of disappointment. I giggle with her jokingly and continue my work.

I move to the other side of the table to work her other thigh, and as I pass her head, she lifts it out of the rest as if to fix the fall of her hair. She slips me a sly glance just as my erection passes in front her, and I thought I caught a wry smile as she dips her head back down. I shake it off as nothing as I place my hands back onto her other thigh, resuming my massage on her perfect leg, and resuming the intensity of my erection. I work both hands into her thigh, oiling it up nicely. Rolling my hands into the back of her leg, slipping my fingers in between both legs when it happens. I watch as her legs seem to open slightly giving my fingers room to work. I resist the urge to look, as I know between her legs are exposed to me. I focus my gaze on her thigh, fighting the desire to look into the shadowed area she is showing me. 

My desire overcomes me, and I take a chance. I slide my hands up her thigh, all the way to the crease of her cheeks. I glide my hands over the supple mound and work the oil into her ass. One hand on each cheek, massaging in circles over her sweet flesh as I await her reaction, and when that reaction comes, it is a shocking one. 

Her legs open to me wider, her head begins to rock, and soft moans can be heard emanating from the front of the table. I work my hands harder into her ass cheeks, kneading wider circles with my thumb flirting dangerously close to her ass crack. An intense throbbing in my pants can be felt as I use my thumbs to spread her ass cheeks apart. Her reluctance to resist me prompts me to finally look, as I drift my gaze between her legs as I spread her cheeks apart. My eyes are met with the beautiful sight of shiny pink, glistening with built up excitement from my touch. Her feet dangles off the sides of the table and her legs spread wider as my touch on her ass intensifies, sliding my thumbs between her ass cheeks, gently grazing over her prize. 

I stop my fingers where they are when I ask her if she has a problem with any of this. 

"I was waiting for you to do it." She replies to my surprise. "This is what I meant when I said I wanted it all."

Shocked, I resume my caress of her ass as she lifts her head out of the whole and props herself up on her elbows. I watch as her head turns to gaze into a mirror on the wall on her left side to watch my hands work into her ass cheeks, watch my fingers disappear between her thighs, and watch her legs fall apart without thought as if beckoning me to give her more. I slide one thumb deeper between her legs, grazing the tip over her lips. Her back arches at my touch and her legs open wider still as if waiting for that signal. 

Up and down I slide my thumb over her slit, watching as it grows wetter with each touch. I alternate looks from between her legs to her head, watching intently for some indication for me to stop, but it never comes. I watch as her eyes shut, and she begins to bite her lower lip as my thumb continues to wash over her sweet pink. 

"Kaylee," I stop and ask. "If this makes you uncomfortable, I can stop, and your next massage is on the house."

But her reaction is not a negative one, as she turns over on the table, letting the towel fall to the floor, leaving her body fully exposed to me in all its delectable glory. 

"Oh no Jay, I have been waiting for this to happen since the minute you walked into the room. You can't get into trouble can you?" She asks me. 

I smile at her as I shake my head and remove my sweat soaked tank top, and make my way to her. 

She lies back on the table as her hand reaches out to grasp my erection through my pants. Something she tells me she longed to do since the start of the massage. I lean into her, and kiss her tenderly, letting my tongue explore her mouth as hers does mine. I slide my kiss to her cheek, then further down to her neck as she moans her approval, telling me softly how she hoped that I was her masseuse, and that when she saw that I was, the fantasizing began. I proceed to tell her that I was sincere when I said she was my first attractive client in some time, and that my fantasizing began back in the hallway. We giggle together for a while and return our focus on each other. 

Her hands works over my clothed erection furiously as my tongue now slithers down her front side, leaving a glistening wet trail down her cleavage before consuming her left breast into my mouth. Her head reels as the feel of my tongue fluttering over her nipple sends shivers through her body. Feverishly I suckle her nipple, fueled by her hand tugging at me through my sweatpants. One hand drifts to her other breast, kneading it with an intensity equaled to her hand on me. Her other hand reaches up and I feel it tug at my hair, running her slender digits through my short cut and tugging gently as my tongue lavishly works her nipple into a rigid erection.

I relent my oral grasp on her bosom and knead them together with my hands, watching her eyes glass over with desire as I flutter my tongue between both her nipples. I feel her hand fumble for the tie to my pants as her gaze never leaves mine. And with a wicked grin, and slip of her tongue over her lips, I feel her tug at my pants and swiftly undoes my tie. Kaylee tugs at my waistband and loosens my pants, as she watches them fall into a pool on the floor. She flicks her hair, and beckons me to her with the hunger in her eyes. I am swift to comply.

I crawl atop the table, watching her legs open up to me further as my body slides against her oil coated skin easily. We embrace in another hungry kiss, the heat between us raging hotter now that our bodies are against one another. Grinding down into her as I ravage her mouth with mine, I feel her hand explore down my body, stopping to dig her nails into my chest, pinching and tugging at my nipples, causing my weight to collapse down into her. Releasing my mouth from hers, I let my tongue drift from her lips, watching my saliva trail from her tongue, dripping down onto her glistening chest, leaving my no choice but to lick it up. Her fingers entwine in my hair as I slither my way down her oily body, stopping briefly to suckle her beautiful breasts once more. 

Kaylee spreads her legs wide as my body makes its way down, my hands coming to rest on her now loosened up thighs, holding her legs apart and getting a close up look now at her perfect little pink box which she holds open for me with her other hand. I glance up to her and meet her begging eyes, telling me to help myself to her feast. I grin to her as I dip my head down into her, opening my mouth wide, and letting my tongue graze over her sweet honey, my head reeling at the taste of this goddess. Yearning to taste more, I dive my head between her legs, my mouth covering her pussy entirely, licking her fingers which hold her lips open for me, slithering my tongue between them, into her slit, deep into her hole. 

Her moans mix with the soft music, and her body begins to grind into me in rhythm with the motion of my head. The grip on my hair tightens as I drive my tongue into her. Over and over I plunge my tongue into her, letting my lips brush against hers with each twist of my head. Kaylee removes her own hand and I feel both sets of fingers grasp at my hair, tugging my head in the direction she wants to be licked. Her legs close around me, and I feel her heels press into my back, using that leverage to buck her body into my face. I squeeze a finger between my lips and her hole and slowly press it into her, watching the liquid drip from her hole onto my digit. Swiftly I dive my head down to lap it up, not wanting to lose an ounce of her sweet nectars.

"Yesssss." I can hear Kaylee cry as my finger buries deep into her. Her body grinds into my hand as my tongue presses into her lips to expose her swollen nub. Fluttering my tongue over her sex as my finger invades her; she begins to pant heavily, her body beginning to buck rhythmically with her cries. I can feel her body tense up and sense that her climax is near. I slide another finger into her, my ring and middle finger, and press up into her as I flick my wrist violently, all the while doing my best to keep my mouth planted on her lips.

Melding both finger and tongue into her, I drive her over the edge into her orgasm. Her body shuddering hard beneath me as her pussy clamps down onto my fingers. I do not relent as I maintain the hard thrusts into her while petting her sweet clit with my tongue. Her body quivers as her cries spew forth from her lips. Sweet liquid gushing forth onto my hand, into my mouth as I do my best to contain it. Lapping at her feverishly as her orgasm continues to flow with each shudder of her body. I watch her as her body slows to a heaving pace, and her quivering subsides. Glancing up at her in amazement I wait for her eye to meet mine before expressing my awe. Kaylee smiles at me and tells me that was a display of how horny she was for me. I assure her it is merely the beginning.

I climb off the table and walk to her, kissing her deeply, and letting my hands explore her angelic body. Running my hands over her glistening chest as she slides off the table as well, and plants her hands on my hips, guiding me to the edge of the table and helping me up. I sit there now, gazing down at this gorgeous face hovering delicately below me, hungry eyes upturned to me as she extends her tongue outwards to graze over my chest, tasting the concoction of oil and salt the shines over the both of us. Greedily she nibbles on my nipple, teeth grazing over the taut nub as her other hand rakes into my flesh. Hungrily I hear her purr as she makes her way down my belly, her hand moving ahead of her and grasping my still raging erection. 

Slippery from the mixture of oil and her own juices on her hand, she strokes me gently, cocking her head to one side to size up her approach to devour me. Hungrily, she slithers her tongue over my cock, up one side, swirling around the swelling head, then back down the other side. Her lips pursed, planting kisses in between licks before giving in to her carnal hunger for it, and opening her mouth wide to engulf me. 

I groan aloud as I watch Kaylee's mouth cover my shaft, my cock disappearing into the depths of her throat. Her lips close around the base of me and I feel her tongue press into the underside of me. Her head twists, and begins to move upwards, releasing my now dripping cock to the cool dark air. I lean back onto my elbows as she moves close to me, her arms resting atop my thighs with her hands pressed against the base of my cock, her fingers forming a diamond around it holding it still while her head now bobs up and down on my shaft, using her own motion to fuck her pretty little mouth. Over and over she slides her lips up my shaft, dragging her tongue over the length of me, releasing me at the head with an audible pop. She begins to stroke my drenched cock with a tender hand as she locks her gaze to me, licking her lips as she begins to tell me how my cock tastes just as she imagined it would. I groan in response as I try desperately to keep my eyes open to watch her tug at my cock.
