 Many thanks to my muse, DirtyDebbie. Anything good about this story she gets credit for -- any blame I get! 

*

Debbie and Rob are an attractive couple basically living the suburban dream in a five house cul de sac called Travers Lane. They have a nice house with a backyard pool, decent incomes, nice families, and good friends. 

Debbie could most easily be described as a "buxom" lass. She's 5'1", 130 pounds of sleek womanhood with eye-popping DD boobs. Her blond hair is medium length and her complexion almost flawless, making many people believe that she's younger than her thirty one years. This is Debbie's second marriage and she has no communication with her slimy ex.

Rob is nine years older than Debbie but in good shape and with a young attitude on life. This is also his second marriage but his ex is not a witch and they get along as well as could be expected. He and his ex-wife share custody of their eight year old daughter, Madison.

Debbie and Rob got it right this time. They are almost completely simpatico, have a healthy sex life, and non-judgmental open minds when it comes to relationships and life styles.

Rob and Debbie's best friends on Travers Lane are their next door neighbors Janet and Wally. Janet and Wally are in their mid-thirties and very similar to Debbie and Rob in appearance. Large breasted Janet in particular looks much like a six inch taller version of Debbie with brown hair. Wally is a little more muscular than Rob and about an inch shorter with a heavier beard but otherwise they are very similar too. The two couples are sometimes mistaken as being related.

Before the first week of June of the second full year Debbie and Rob lived on Travers Lane two of the houses were occupied by residents with four kids each, and the last of the five by a couple in their 70s that pretty much kept to themselves.

Life on Travers Lane was friendly and simple until that fateful first week in June. It remained friendly but got complicated when in that one week the two large long-time resident families moved out and two new families moved in.

The two new families only had two and three members respectively. The two member family consisted of Kim and Jerry Appleton. Kim is 35 years old, 5'3" tall and about 115 lbs. with 34D boobs that are expanding since she is a little over five months pregnant with her first child. She has long curly dark brown hair, large beautiful brown eyes, a regal nose, and full lips seemingly always in a smile. 

Brenna and Max Simpson and their three month old baby Brittany are the three member family. Brenna is only 20 years old, twelve years younger than her husband Max, a child bride. Despite their disparate ages they seem well suited for each other since Brenna is mature and sophisticated for her age while Max is not. 

Brenna is as attractive as the other women on Travers Lane and the most striking given her at least 5'9" height. She has regained her pre-pregnancy weight of 140 lbs. and retains her milk-filled 36D boobs since she nurses. She usually wears her long dark brown hair provocatively "tussled," which combines with the small gap between her front teeth to provide a very alluring vision. Her brown eyes -- almost as big and glamorous as Kim's -- always seem to be hiding some mysterious secret behind them.

Debbie and Rob had the new families, and their long-time buddies Janet and Wally, over for a cookout once the newcomers had completed unpacking. Everyone got along famously even before the booze started flowing, and once it did they were like lifelong friends.

Of course nursing Brenna and pregnant Kim didn't drink but their husbands consumed their share. When at one point all four women were clustered around a desert tray chatting a buzzed, but not-yet-drunk, Wally had probably the most obvious observation in Travers Lane history.

"Travers Lane has got to have the largest average breast size of its female occupants as any street in the state; let's toast to big boobs!"

Everyone laughed, the guys drained their beers, and the women shook their boobies.

At one point during the festivities Brittany started crying so Brenna nursed her. Brenna did not have even the slightest inhibition or modesty as she whipped out her big milk-laden left boob and Brittany instantly latched onto it. Brenna carried on normal conversations with Rob, Wally and Kim as Brittany sucked away.

Debbie was amused and fascinated not only by Brenna but by her other new friends. Before her faculties were even slightly impaired she conducted "interviews" with each of them. Given two drunk guys in Jerry and Max and two free spirits in Brenna and Kim, Debbie got two years' worth of intelligence in two hours. The next day she couldn't wait to tell Janet what she had learned. Sitting at her kitchen table drinking coffee while Wally and Rob were out playing golf she excitedly conversed with Janet.

"How did you enjoy the party, Janet?" Debbie giggled.

"What I remember was really fun. Unfortunately I got too drunk to perceptively witness the finale," Janet replied, sipping her latte.

"Well I have lots of insight about our four new neighbors," Debbie said almost unable to restrain her enthusiasm.

"Then let loose, babe," Janet laughed.

"First of all the scoop on Kim. She used to be a stripper and show girl in Vegas and one year won 'Showgirl Of The Year!' Her libido has soared since she got over morning sickness and has just about worn her hubby Jerry out. She loves tit fucking and orgasms from a good tit fuck as hard as a pussy fuck," a wide-eyed Debbie related.

"How in the fuck did you find all that out?" an even wider-eyed Janet asked.

"Kim told me about everything except the tit fucking which drunk Jerry went on and on about while describing Kim's dramatic increase in tit size and his fascination with her nipples," Debbie related, grinning.

"What about Brenna?" Janet excitedly inquired.

"She was on her way to being a tennis pro before she hurt her elbow and now even has trouble holding Brittany in her right arm for extended periods of time. Her thighs are still steel-cable like and if she wraps them around a guy she can fuck him unconscious, at least she has done that to Max according to him. Despite her young age she and Max have participated in 'swinging' events on several occasions, including a near-orgy when she was three months' pregnant. Her breasts put out much more milk than Brittany can consume so Max has taken it upon himself to suck as much milk from her boobs as he can, although even with that she has to pump some excess out," Debbie gushed.

"Holy shit!" Janet exclaimed, hitting her forehead with the palm of her hand. "All right, what about Max and Jerry?"

"Jerry is seven years younger than Kim and used to work as a male stripper -- that's how he met Kim. They worked on different stages in the same establishment. Jerry has a dick as big as you would expect for a male stripper and fucks Kim twice a day, which happily stresses him out. His tongue is unusually long too," Debbie babbled so quickly that Janet almost couldn't understand her. "He owns a sex toy business."

"WOW -- you should become a police investigator. You got all this in one night?" Janet posited. 

"There's a lot more that I haven't told you," Debbie giggled.

"All right, what about Max, then?" Janet bubbled.

"You mean aside from suckling milk from his wife's boobies, you mean?" Debbie laughed. "He was Brenna's tennis coach for a while but is independently wealthy and doesn't need to work, though he does."

"You're making this shit up," Janet snarled.

"It's all true, I swear," Debbie sternly replied making the "scout's honor" symbol. "Brenna says that Max can fuck all night. Also, not to give you a big head or anything, but Max really liked your looks," Debbie winked.

"Really? What did he say? Give," Janet said jumping out of her seat.

"Well he was drunk, but he and Jerry were talking about swinging and he pointed over to you and said 'I've got dibs on that hot piece of ass with the DDs,' pointing toward you. He had to be drunk though if pointing to you instead of me," Debbie laughed.

"You bitch," Janet blurted out as she flushed with a combination of embarrassment and excitement.

"So," Debbie continued, "the question is what do we do now? If we want to turn this cul de sac into a swinger's paradise we may have the ability to do it. Knowing how Wally and Rob were looking at our two new additions, especially with Wally's comments about how 'fucking hot' pregnant women are, and Rob's drooling while watching Brenna nurse all we have to do is say the word and I'll bet we could have an orgy within two weeks."

Janet sat silently in deep thought occasionally sipping her neglected latte. Debbie just twirled the curls in her blond hair. After what seemed like eons Janet spoke. "Are we on a dangerous slope here? Life is good now -- will it get better or simply riskier?"

"I suggest that we talk to our husbands separately, then together with them, and decide how to proceed," Debbie said. Then she jumped up, yelled "I'm horny -- I'm going skinny dipping to relieve the tension," then stripped off her clothes as she ran toward the pool, closely followed by bare-ass Janet.

By that night Debbie and Janet had independently decided that they wanted to sample their new neighbors since both were studly good looking guys. Therefore they set out to work their magic on their husbands. 

Debbie arrived in bed naked and left the nightstand lamp on. She straddled Rob and rubbed her enormous tits in his face causing him to suck, lick, and massage her awesome mammary glands. While Debbie was sure that this would render Rob's pole steel hard not wanting to leave anything to chance she extricated her boobs from his active mouth and hands and started sucking his cock.

Rob's dick was already hard and aching for some action but Debbie lightly licked and sucked it until her leaking pussy was aching as much as his cock. She then briefly deep-throated him, resulting in a mighty groan from Rob, then moved her pussy to above his upright dick and impaled herself on him.

After five minutes of "ride 'em cowgirl" she squeezed his cock with her pussy as he bucked upwardly, resulting in several blasts of cum deep enough inside her to render them both almost comatose. When Debbie regained cognizance she kissed Rob's cheek and then put on her sales pitch.

"That was one fabulous fuck big boy," she muttered softly into his ear.

"Fuck yeah," was Rob's intelligent reply as he fondled Debbie's fun bags.

"You like big tits, don't you, Rob" she quietly whimpered.

"Fuck yeah!"

"Our new neighbors have nice tits, don't you think?"

"Fuck yeah!"

"Wouldn't it be fun to swing with our new neighbors?" she continued gently stroking his cock as he pinched one of her nipples.

"Fuck yeah!"

"Shall I arrange an orgy for the Saturday after next?" she quietly asked, engulfing his entire cock in her mouth as soon as the word "next" exited it.

"Fuck yeah!"

Debbie wasn't sure that Rob really knew what he was agreeing to but he had so she was going ahead, while giving head!

Janet's approach, next door at almost exactly the same time, was even more direct. As she was riding Wally while he massaged her boobs she quietly groaned "I'll bet you'd love to fuck Brenna and Kim's tits, wouldn't you?" then squeezed his cock with her pc muscles.

"Oh fuck, yes," was his reply as his dick was strangled.

"You'd like Max to pump me full of cum too, wouldn't you?" she whispered, then immediately choked his cock again.

"Oh God, yes, yes!" he exclaimed.

"I'm gonna organize an orgy for a week from Saturday, OK?" Janet moaned as she once again squeezed his cock, then pulled herself free and deep-throated him, causing him to immediately bust his nut as he groaned, "Oh fuck yeah, fuck yeah, fuck yeah!"

"Glad that he agreed," Janet thought to herself as she smiled inwardly while gulping down Wally's seminal fluid.

The next day Janet and Debbie met to review the night's activities and discuss how to proceed in the future.

"Well did Wally agree to an orgy?" Debbie asked smiling, as she poured Janet a cup of coffee.

"When I ride him and then deep-throat him he agrees to anything," Janet laughed, "how do you think I got my new car? How about Rob?"

"I think he agreed after I fucked him and before I started sucking his dick -- or it may have been while I was sucking it, I don't remember exactly," Debbie replied trying to act serious, "but he did agree!"

"What's next, then, Debbie?"

"Since Brenna and Max are swingers I don't think that we need to worry about convincing them, but we might need to do a little work on Kim. Let's invite her to lunch," Debbie replied.

Kim happily accepted the luncheon invitation from her new neighbors. After some small talk and jokes Debbie got right to the point.

"Say, Kim, after our last party Janet and I were thinking that it might be fun to have kind of a swap party a week from Saturday."

"What does 'swap party' mean, exactly?" Kim queried with a raised eyebrow.

"Well it means that we exchange partners during the party for some major fun. I think that you already know from talking to Brenna that she and Max are swingers," Debbie replied while sipping her lemonade.

"Yeah, Brenna did mention something about it but I thought that since she's nursing she might not want to continue," Kim retorted.

"Did she actually say that?" Janet asked.

"No, I just assumed it. In my case, however, I can't believe that anyone except Jerry would want to have sex with me in my present condition, even though I'm getting hornier by the minute despite Jerry fucking me often. My belly is getting bigger every day -- gross," Kim mused.

Debbie almost spit out her lemonade, laughing. "Are you serious? Do you know how many guys -- including Rob and Wally -- love preggo sex? That's no problem whatsoever."

"I'd hate to be the fly in the ointment. Are you sure?" Kim quizzed.

"Absolutely!" Janet responded. "How about Jerry -- would he be up for something like that?"

"I don't know. I could probably make sure that he was -- that is 'if' I decide to go along with it," Kim answered.

"How? I'm curious," Debbie said.

"When Jerry comes home from work you'll be naked in our kitchen supposedly trying on swim suits. If your tits are as nice without clothes as they look with them he'll be interested. He's a big tit man, which is why he's so happy with my tits getting bigger during my pregnancy," Kim cackled.

"Sounds like a plan," Janet cackled. "Now I guess we just need to work on you, Kim."

Things went smoothly for the next few days. Within two days horny Kim announced that she was "in" as long as everyone got STD tested; which Debbie and Janet agreed was a great idea. 

Brenna and Max were easy to convince -- actually "convince" is the wrong word, they just needed to be asked. 

Rob and Wally pretended to claim "foul" on how they were asked to participate saying that they'd agree to anything when their wives were fucking them. However, when Debbie and Janet made it clear that there was no backing out, or that they could go bowling during the party, they stopped trying to pretend that they weren't interested. That just left Jerry.

Kim and Debbie were waiting in Kim's kitchen for Jerry's expected 6 p.m. arrival on Thursday night. Right on time the garage door opened. Debbie was standing naked in the kitchen pretending to look at some bathing suits on the counter and yelling questions about them to Kim, who had gone into the next room. Debbie had her head turned away from the entry into the kitchen from the garage pretending that she didn't know that Jerry was entering.

Jerry froze as he walked into the kitchen. His view of Debbie's double-Ds was near perfect. He stood there looking for a good thirty seconds while Debbie continued to pretend to carry on a remote conversation with Kim. When Debbie did turn to face him she faked a startled expression, and then put her hands over her crotch so that her tits remained exposed, her nipples hard with excitement.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry Jerry, I didn't expect you," Debbie blurted out.

"I can see that," he chortled.

"Could you cover your eyes, please?" Debbie asked, still making no attempt to move away or cover her boobs.

"Actually, I really like this view," he chuckled. 

Kim then came in with a robe and said "Jerry, you pervert, be polite to our guest."

"I am being polite," he laughed, "I'm appreciating her spectacular boobs."

Kim covered Debbie up with the robe, they picked up the bathing suits and Kim said "Come into the guest room to try these on so that we won't be disturbed, Debbie.

"Hey, I don't mind helping out," Jerry yelled after them.

When Kim and Debbie got into the guest room they tried hard to suppress their laughter. "I guess he's not going to be hard to convince," Kim snickered, "did you see how big his eyes were?"

Everyone had been tested for STDs by the Tuesday before the party and given a clean bill of health. While all of the erstwhile participants offered to help plan the festivities Debbie declined all of their offers since she had her own plans for the event. That didn't prevent the guys from conspiring. Jerry, Wally and Rob got together and agreed to make sure that each of them got to suck Brenna's milk-filled tits.

Debbie went all out in decorating her backyard pool area including with newly purchased and appropriately placed large width chaise lounge chairs with plush cushions. She had a simple menu, full of light but cum-producing foods, as well as a bowl of little blue pills and several canisters of "KY Yours & Mine."

She also decided that a few sex toys would be desirable so she planned to see Jerry when he was alone since she had been told that his company made them.

When Debbie saw Kim drive off to go shopping on Wednesday night she went to Jerry's back door and yelled in, while knocking on the screen door, "Jerry are you in there?"

Jerry popped up from behind a kitchen counter. "Sure am, Debbie, come on in. What can I do for you?"

"I was hoping that you could help me with some accoutrements for our party on Saturday. A little bird told me that you have a company that makes sex toys; you do, right?" she asked smiling.

"You bet; what do you want?" he inquired with a wide grin.

"I'd like two small butt plugs, two small vibrators, and a fourteen inch bendable double dildo," she replied, suddenly feeling slightly embarrassed.

"What color?" he queried.

"Huh," she replied, either confused or nervous, maybe both.

"What color do you want the double dildo to be?" he questioned her, enunciating each word and taking pleasure in her sudden blushing.

"Uh, purple," she replied.

"What diameter?" was his next question.

"Uh, gee, I dunno," was her flustered retort.

"Let me get an idea," Jerry continued with a diabolical grin. He walked up to a stunned Debbie, backed her against a wall of the kitchen, then moved her loose shorts and panties aside and stuck a finger into her moist pussy. "Is this too small?"

Debbie let out a deep startled sigh, and then partially regained her composure. "Uh, yeah, I guess."

"How about now?" Jerry asked, his grin even more wicked than before, as he inserted two fingers into her quickly dampening cunt.

"Oh, shit!" she exclaimed, momentarily closing her eyes. "Maybe just slightly bigger."

Although Debbie couldn't figure out what Jerry did next he crossed his middle and index fingers, slowly inserted them into her vagina while slowly oscillating them back and forth until his thumb touched her clitoris. She instantly climaxed, her knees weakened, and she started to fall to the floor. Jerry caught her and lifted her back up. "Looks like that's about right, huh, one and six tenths inches in diameter," he said, his clinical cadence and tone in sharp contrast to his wicked grin.
