 I had just finished my second year of Pharmacy school, summer was close, and I really needed a vacation. I wanted it to be unique, exciting and somewhere overseas. My friend Lisa, who I met on the internet, was a little down, so I wanted to surprise her with a Mediterranean Cruise. She loves Italian men and I had always wanted to see Italy, so it was a perfect combination. After searching different cruise lines, I had found the perfect one. All I needed was for Lisa to get free for a week and it was going to happen. 

When her cell was ringing, my anticipation was building. An excited Lisa answered the phone, we laughed and caught up on life. I had asked her if she was up for a vacation and she relayed in her high pitched answer, "Hell, yea, momma." Lisa wanted to know where we were headed but I kept that a surprise. I told her that I would meet her at the Philadelphia International Airport the following Sunday and she would find out when we were about to take off. 

When that day arrived, I was relaxing during my five and a half hour flight from LAX in Los Angeles. I reviewed our cruise destinations which even though it was called Mediterranean, it was actually in the Tyrrhenian Sea. We were to land in Palermo, Sicily where the ship would launch, then off to Naples, Italy, then up the coast and shuttled inland to Rome, then back to Sicily. Not only would we see some hot Italian men, we were going to visit some historical landmarks. 

I also thought about Lisa. Even though I was 22 and she in her mid-forties, we clicked like a couple of sisters or at the very least, a girl and her cool aunt. I have stated it before, but Lisa acted much younger than her chronological age and was as comfortable at cursing in casual conversations as she was being a proper lady. I loved her free spirit, Russian bloodline attitude, insatiable sexual appetite and her humongous breasts. Quite simply, she is fun to be around. 

When I landed at the airport, waiting on our connecting flight, I see Lisa walking toward me with a huge smile on her face and wearing a cut fuchsia sundress that hit her about knee length. Putting my phone down, I ran over to her and we locked in a huge hug. Her perfume smelled wonderful. 

"I'm so glad you were able to get free with all that you have going on. We are going to have so much fun," I beamed. 

"I have a lot of shit going on but then I thought about how often are we going to see each other, I said, 'fuck it,' and here I am. Let's do this! You gonna tell me where we are headed?" Lisa raved. 

I giggled, "Nope. You will find out when we get to the gate." 

When we arrived and Lisa saw that we were heading to Italy, she let out a loud squeal! That made me just as excited for myself as I was for her. We boarded the plane, put our carry-on bags in the overhead compartment and sat in our seats. With our blonde hair and fair skin, we probably looked sister-like to the common onlooker. We got comfortable for the long flight to Germany, then on to Sicily. 

Eventually, day turned to night and after Lisa and I had caught up with the events of our lives, we got a blanket from the flight attendant and dosed off. After about an hour, I woke up from a hot dream involving me getting fucked by an Italian stud. It was very real and vivid, maybe a premonition of things to come. 

Feeling a little frisky, I developed a wicked idea. Dipping my arm under the blanket, I found my hand between Lisa's legs. While she slept, I slowly manipulated her dress up higher and higher. I looked side to side as if someone could see from under the covering and my middle finger began to probe her crotch. I just about flipped when I discovered she wasn't wearing any panties. That was "so Lisa" and using my finger's tip, I slowly rubbed in between her meaty lips. 

My own pussy was getting wet from my sneaky play. Tilting my hand, I inserted my finger into her vagina to the first knuckle. Lisa shifted in her seat, causing me to stop immediately. I waited for at least a minute before continuing my push. When my finger had completely disappeared into Lisa's pussy, her eyes quickly popped open. 

Gathering her bearings, Lisa whispered, "What are you doing?"

I giggled then whispered back, "What does it look like I'm doing? I'm fingering your pussy."

I pulled my finger out and brought it up from under the blanket until it reached my open nose. I inhaled her scent like teenage boy getting his first action before sucking it like a Popsicle. 

"Mmm, your pussy tastes good. I'm gonna need some more of that," I softly spoke while sliding my hand back down where it came from.

"You are sooo wicked. I knew I we would have a great time. Just don't get our asses thrown in jail," Lisa smiled while spreading her legs to give me better access. 

My finger went directly back into her slit. Lisa gave a little shudder before stifling a groan. When I added a second finger, her eyes widened once again. The guy sitting beside her had to know that something was going on. Getting myself worked up, I pulled out to smell and lick my fingers clean just like I had done before. When I reinserted my digits back into her, I began to finger bang Lisa, pumping them slowly at first, but a quicker, steady rhythm soon followed. 

Lisa's pussy was very wet and she was gurgling in ecstasy. Since I was sitting to the left of Lisa, I was using my right hand to pleasure her. We both could hear the faint, squish, squish, squish, sound her well lubricated pussy was making. I decided I was going to pleasure both of us simultaneously. I surveyed the attention of the other passengers and slid my left hand inside my shorts and panties. I rubbed my own clit while I fingered Lisa. She would squirm and shift in her seat. I could feel her building up and I just smiled while she did it. Getting her off was going to get me off. 

She muttered, "Oh shit," put her hands over her mouth, clenched up and started cumming. Her vagina spasmed around my two fingers and I loved feeling the twitch of those mushy lips. I stopped playing with myself long enough to watch Lisa close her eyes tightly while she finished. She took a deep breath in relief as I pulled out my digits and brought them up to my face. In the dim light I could see the white, tacky cum on the tips. 

I started up again on my own clit, rubbing the full length distance down to my pussy entrance all the way back up to my love button. With my other hand, I rubbed Lisa's juices under my nose to allow her essence to strengthen my arousal. The more I smelled, the faster I rubbed! I was getting closer and closer until I reached the point of no return. When I plunged my glistening fingers into my mouth, I began to cum just as hard as Lisa had done moments before. Clutching my thighs together around my wrist, I kept sucking on my nectar covered fingers like a pacifier, holding back my own grunt.

We snickered, then fell asleep. Upon landing in Palermo, we had a few hours to kill before boarding the cruise ship. We found a sex novelty store and decided we might need some toys to play with. As we browsed the selection, we discussed which ones would be great and acted like a couple of kids in a candy store with the sight of all the "marital aids." We settled on a hooked wand vibrator with 5 speeds and an 8 inch dildo with realistic blue veins running up the side. 

Once we boarded the ship, Lisa and I were extremely happy with our lavish room, complete with Victorian style pillars, a huge king sized bed, and a gorgeous chandelier hanging in the middle of the ceiling. We unpacked our things and wanted to relax at the pool. As luck would have it, there was nobody around it so we had it all to ourselves. We swam and splashed for thirty minutes or so before we spotted a nice hot sauna room. The transition from the cool water to the sultry air was the perfect way to relax and sweat out some calories before dinner. 

After removing our bathing suits while in the locker room, we wrapped a towel around our naked bodies and entered the sauna. It had three tiers of crafted wooden slab benches on three walls shaped like a horseshoe. Lisa and I picked the side middle bench in which to relax, lean back, close our eyes and build up a sweat. After about ten minutes, a large, athletically built, Italian man walked in and sat across from us. 

This guy looked like an Adonis in his late twenties. He stood 6'5, olive skin, wavy black hair, sexy eyes, and neatly a trimmed beard close to his face. His body was thick and muscular. Even though he looked like he was about 240 pounds, you could still see the definition of his pecks through the thick kinky hair on his chest and the outline of his abdominal muscles. When he sat down with the towel wrapped around his waist, he leaned back, stretched his legs with his size 18 feet pointing upward and soaked in the hot air.

Lisa glanced at me and raised her eyebrows as if to say, "Look how hot this guy is," and I smiled, showing her I was already ahead of her thinking process. Then without warning, the guy takes his towel off and puts it in a pile right next to his muscular ass that pressed down on the wooden bench. At that point, Lisa was leaning back with her eyes closed and I honestly thought I was on a hidden camera show. I couldn't believe he actually took off his towel! 

I quickly elbowed Lisa as she opened her eyes to see what I needed. I bobbed my head as to point in the handsome stranger's direction and that is when Lisa's eyes opened as wide as coffee can lids. Her head slowly turned to me as she mouthed, "What the fuck!" 

I held back a laugh. After getting over the initial shock of this gorgeous man sitting among us, totally in the nude, the next observation was obviously the size of his cock hanging between his legs. His oversized balls were smashed to the wood and his soft cock sprawled downward about seven inches like a snake bathing on a log. He was totally unembarrassed but then again, someone that looked that good, probably shouldn't be. 

Lisa wasn't shy as she belted out our introduction, "Hi. I'm Lisa and this is Brittni." 

The strange man give us a look of confusion before answering, "Ciao, sono Enzo. piacere di conoscerti. Non parlo Inglese."

Having studied four years of Italian in high school, I recognized that he said hello, that his name was Enzo and he didn't speak English. We smiled and nodded. Enzo smiled back before slouching down in total relaxation. He then spread his legs, giving us total visual access to his magnificent junk. 

Lisa and I looked at each other, each of us squinting one eye, then I whispered out of the side of my mouth, "Are you serious. Look at this. Is this an open invitation?" 

Lisa giggled, "I don't know, but if this is how Italy is going to be, count me in!" She then added, "Look at this hot man ready for someone to dive in there. I dare you to go over and make a move." 

Wanting our trip to be adventurous and sexual, I promptly slid off the bench, walked over to Enzo, sat down right beside him and asked if he was here with anyone in my broken Italian, "Sei qui con qualcuno?"

"Sono qui con i miei due fratelli. Siamo anche sullo stesso team di rugby," he responded telling me that he was here with his two brothers and they were on the same rugby team. 

"Hai un grande pene. Lo voglio," I giggled as I bluntly told him that his cock was big and I wanted it. 

Even though we both were sweating profusely from the sauna steam, I took my towel off, exposing my moist nude body. I folded it twice and placed it down on the lower bench between Enzo's legs. Using my towel for padding, I placed my knees on it and took hold of Enzo's sweaty cock. It was growing into a huge rod in a matter of seconds. I first licked up the vein on the side until I reached the head in which I showered it with kisses. Even though the sweat made everything taste salty, I loved it.

I continued to stroke the massive dong when I turned toward Lisa, "Are you going to just sit there or are you coming over to enjoy this dick with me?" 

Lisa smiled, dropped her towel and took her place between Enzo's legs, right beside me. While taking hold of his now monster erection, she gasp, "Look at the size of this thing! It's gotta be ten inches and almost as thick as my wrist!" 

She was correct and with her hand on one side and mine on the other, our fingers barely touched each other, proving that the dick not only had length, but girth as well. We would stroke it at the same time until I raised up and put the huge head in my mouth. I would suck and jerk as Lisa also jerked. After a little while, Lisa would suck it while I helped her jerk it. We were a great team on this horse sized cock and we kept alternating who sucked it. 

Enzo relaxed and let us do our work with an occasional moan. Lisa put her lips on the side of the shaft and I put mine on the other side and we moved up and down like we were jacking him off with our mouths. We were drenched in sweat and Lisa had a pool collecting in the cleavage of her massive boobs. 

"Wrap your boobs around it and jerk it while I lick his balls," I suggested to Lisa. 

Using our saliva and their perspiration as lube, Lisa squeezed her milky soft breasts around his pole and proceed to titty fuck him while putting her mouth around his head. She was bouncing in a good rhythm while I manually forced his thighs wider so I could get my mouth down to his balls. They were a little too hairy for my liking but I still licked those sweaty, tennis ball sized nuts thoroughly. 

With Lisa and I doing our thing on his dick, Enzo began to tighten up while spouting, "Mi sto avvicinando." which meant, "I'm getting close."

Lisa is not a cum lover like me, so knowing that, she pulled her mouth off his cock to inform me, "He's about to shoot and when he does, come up here and catch it in your mouth so he doesn't make a mess."

I mumbled in agreement, "Mm, hmm," with my face still buried in his nut sac. 

Lisa continued jerking his pole with her huge tits. With my tongue, I could feel the cum surges moving up the base of his shaft, just above the balls. Knowing he was close, I stopped licking, raised up just as he grunted and shot a huge stream of cum up onto his own neck!

In a flash, Lisa pulled her boobs off his dick and grabbed it with both hands, jerking it desperately while imploring me, "Hurry Britt! Now!"

I was already on my way and clamped my lips around the head of his mushroom just in time to feel the second shot hit the roof of my mouth. While Enzo's grunting became louder, Lisa forcefully jacked the next several spurts of spunk into my mouth. The pleasure was too much for him as he slid down the bench, almost onto his back during his powerful orgasm. 

Lisa and I proved we were a good team when her hands never stopped stroking and my mouth never slipped off the blasting cock. Finally, when Enzo had released his entire load, Lisa stopped jerking and just squeezed like she was trying to expel the last remnants of toothpaste stuck in the tube. My mouth was full and the trick was to pull off without spilling the thick warm slime. I think the sauna temperature must have elevated the temperature of Enzo's cum because it was much warmer than my boyfriend's had ever been. 

I gummed the tip, trying to shift the sperm in my mouth in order to lift off without letting it dribble. My lips were puckered in what looked like a kiss when I had worked myself in an upright position. Lisa winced when I teasingly tilted my head back, opened my mouth to show her all the goo. She let go of Enzo's monster cock and allowed the hefty meat to clunk onto his belly. 

"Eww, that's gross," she mumbled, turning away before I teasingly giggled, then swallowed the mouthful of spunk. 

Licking my lips, I assured Lisa, "You don't know what you're missing. It's actually pretty good."

"Well, you can have the cum but before this week is over, I'm want that big dick shoved up me," Lisa laughed. 

I told Enzo what Lisa said and he laughed while thanking us for the great tag team blowjob, "Grazie, era fantastico."

With our sweat drenched hair sticking to our faces, we gathered our towels, wrapped them around us and headed to our room as Lisa snickered, "Can you believe we just did that? What if someone had come in?"

I laughed, "We are going to be wild like that all week! I need a drink to chase the cum taste." 

We walked into our room and Lisa said, "I'm dead serious. That is one gorgeous man and one gorgeous cock and I ain't leavin here until I have had that thing buried in my pussy!" 

I giggled, "Absolutely. Can you believe how big everything was? I mean his body, his feet, his dick, his balls, even his load was massive. Speaking of all that cum, would you hand me a bottled water?" 

As Lisa handed me the water, her eyes shifted like she had an evil thought, "I don't know about you Britt, but now I'm horny as hell. I think we should get the toys out and have some fun."

My pussy was soaking wet from our sauna exploits and I was just as horny, needing some relief, when I responded, "I'll get the toys. You think we should take a shower first? We sweated our asses off in there."

"Nah, we would just have to take another one when we're done. We can enjoy the little added flavor," Lisa chuckled as she dropped her towel to the floor and patted her pussy with her hand.

Lisa added, "I swear I'm dripping. If you don't care, I want you to do me first. I need to get off before I bust!" 

I also dropped my towel and sat down on the edge of the bed. Lisa knows how much I love her big boobs. She walked over and stood in front of me. I leaned in and started sucked one of her nipples while my hand rubbed her slit. She wasn't lying as I could feel her moisture on the outside of her lips. When my finger slid inside, it was like a smoldering goo fest. I alternated fingering Lisa's wet pussy and rubbing her swollen clit. Lisa spread her legs to allow me to go deeper with my thrusting. 

I continued sucking her nipple like a newborn puppy and knew Lisa was getting close to orgasm when she softly groaned, "Oh, keep going. Almost there." 

My sucks got louder and she grabbed the back of my head, forcing my lips tighter on her boob when she grunted, "Aughh, right there! I'm cummin! I'm cummin!" 

I finger banged her slimy hole as her vaginal walls twitched around my digits for the second time during our trip. When Lisa finished cumming, I released her breast and sucked my fingers clean while trading places with her. She sat on the edge of the bed while I got down on my knees in front of her. Her pussy tasted wonderful and I needed to get my face in it as soon as possible. 

Lisa laid back on the bed, put her knees up as her ass and pussy hung slightly over the edge when she lustfully requested, "Get in there momma. Eat me like you mean it."

I puckered my lips and clamped onto her clit harder than I had done her nipple, causing her to jump in pleasure. As I sucked her nub, I would launch my tongue as low as I could get it and rake it upward through her wet folds. She tasted wonderful. Her cum was tangy and her pussy had a sexy, strong smell that made me want to bury my entire face inside it. I pulled out all my pussy eating techniques that I had used before. I would swirl my tongue around, dotting her asshole like a question mark. I also would stick my tongue in as deep as it would go while I sucked her outer lips. I would gum her clit while I hummed and plunged my finger in and out. 

Lisa was squirming around as I licked and munched her pussy in all different ways. About every three minutes, she would grab the back of my head when she would cum, sometimes clamping her thighs around my ears. After about her third orgasm, I decided to stick my nose in her gooey slit while I tongued her tight asshole. My own pussy was as wet as hers and also needed some action. 
