 //////////////////

All characters 18 and over.

/////////////////

I groaned as Emily drained my balls a third time that day. Her 38G boobs squished between my fingers as I tweaked her hard tits. Emily Reynolds and I had met on her first day at our school. She had been wearing a blue tank top and black miniskirt along with black leather boots, her brown hair hanging in a long braid over her shoulder. When she had trouble with her locker, I had offered to help. 

Soon we were talking everyday before we were sneaking in the janitor's closets to kiss or go down on one another. She was too nervous to actually let me fuck her so I settled for her handjobs and blowjobs, which she was amazingly good at.

One Monday, we met in the empty Science Lab and had a mutual masturbation session. We sat with our legs together as she jerked me off and I fingered her pussy until we came at the same time. The next day, she came over while Mom was out and we rubbed against one another until we came. But the next day...

"Fuck that was awesome..." I said as Emily stood, her pussy dripping in cum. 

"Yes it was," she replied as she wiped up a drop from my prick and brought it up to her lips, "Delicious..."

We kissed tenderly before we got dressed again. As we finished, the final bell rang. 

"Damn it!" She said with a laugh, "I needed a Round 4. But I have to go to band practice."

We painfully separated and I got on the public bus to head home. Sitting across from was an absolute gorgeous woman seeming to be in her late thirties. Her 38K breasts nearly popped from her partially unbuttoned white blouse and her smooth legs looked even more beautiful in her black skirt.

I looked up and saw she was staring right back at me. She looked around and came to sit beside me. The bus wasn't half full and the few who were on board were either on their phones or asleep. She subtly jutted out her chest and unbuttoned two more, exposing her soft boobs in her white bra.

I placed my hand on her knee, gradually moving up her thigh and I could see her tits harden. She reached down my shorts and gasped as she kept moving her hand over more and more cock before she reached my knob, already dripping precum. Once I reached her panties, I slowly moved over panties, her shaven pussy radiating heat onto my hand. I gently moved my fingers in and out of her.

We began to kiss but I pulled back. "I don't know who you even are."

"I'm Victoria." she replied, "what's your name?"

"Kyle." I answered.

"Now we know each other." She pressed her lips to mine again and began to jerk me off again, letting me feel her huge soft boobs.

Trying not to draw attention to ourselves, she gently moved her hips before pulling the cord and removing her hand from my shorts. She stood and I was worried it was over but she gestured for me to follow her. Her ass jiggled softly as she walked, her legs glistening in the sun.

As soon as she opened the door, our kissing began again. We kissed hungrily, groaning at each other's touch. I kissed down to her neck and shoulders, fully removing her blouse and I saw her heaving breasts, still covered by the satin bra, rising and falling with her fast breathing. she pulled my pants and boxers, letting my cock spring out.

She lowered, taking my prick into her mouth. I moaned as she licked inside my slit, fondling my balls with her soft hands. Her soft pink lips wrapped eagerly around my girth, seeking to suck me down her throat. I braced against the wall as she struggled to keep swallowing, finally resting her face against my groin.

She began sucking with even more power, my head nearly moving her tonsils. I watched as she began to rub her pussy in time with her stellar blowjob, just about as good as Emily. She blew me off deeply, sucking her cheeks in as if trying to drain my soul.

She finally pulled up, my dick glistening in saliva. "Fuck that's delicious..." Victoria said as she gave another lick to my cock. "How about we continue in my room?"

She didn't have to tell me twice. Once we got there, she undid her bra letting her juicy boobs spill out. I yanked her panties down, making her yelp before she kissed me again. I grabbed her hips and picked her up, lowering her onto my dick.

"Ffffffuuuuucck..." she groaned as I slid inside her with ease, "I wish my husband took charge like that."

"Well now you've got me." I replied as I began to slowly work her on my pole. She moaned loudly and kissed me, her hard tits scratching my chest. With the amazing blowjob I had just received and her tight pussy, I was perplexed as to how I didn't bust right there.

It didn't take her long however, biting into my shoulder as climaxed, not hard enough to draw blood and with all the pleasure zooming through my body I barely felt it. 

I pulled out and lay on my back. She leaned down and began to suck my cock again. "You want me to ride your cock daddy?" Victoria asked in a slutty little girl voice.

"Yeah..." I moaned as she sucked wonderfully on each fully loaded ball. 

"Do you like my tits baby?" Victoria asked seductively as she ran her hands up and down my chest.

I couldn't help but to reach up and grab two soft ample handfuls. She moaned at my touch. "I want you to fuck me until I can't remember my own name." She dropped down and took my cock into her pussy. "Fuuuuuuck!!" Victoria screamed as she dug her nails into the mattress, her boobs hanging over my face.

She sharply inhaled and flexed her cunt, dropping down farther. She moaned loudly as she landed on my base. She suddenly shot her head up with a fire in her eyes and began to drive her hips up and down and I moaned as I pushed through the tight cunt.

She screamed as I fucked her roughly never letting my hands leave her wonderful boobs. We began to furiously drive against each other, our bodies colliding in resounding slaps. As she rose, I held her slender hips and began to drive upward into her, making her scream loudly.

I raised my hands to sink my fingers into the soft boob flesh, sucking on the rock hard tits. She screamed like a banshee, her huge tits slapping each other in time with her bouncing. "Oh fuck!" Victoria screamed, "God, I've need this so long!"

She leaned down to press her sweet lips to mine before I kissed the hard nipples, the hard nubs throbbing. It was like magic seeing my cock go in and out of her hot pussy. I bit gently on her tits and she cried out, beginning to drive her hips down, taking me deeper.

"Fuck!" Victoria screamed "Shit, if I had known what you were packing all the other times I have seen you on the bus, I would've fucked you a lot sooner." We loudly moaned for each other as we continued to enjoy our wild passionate fucking. She screamed and bit into my shoulder as my balls hammered her ass.

"God this thing is hard as a brick!" Victoria cried as she began to cum, screaming her head off. She was a straight nympho, her cunt flexing to accommodate my girth. I smacked her ass and was sent into another violent orgasm, her juices lubing my cock for her to ride faster.

She finally got up and caught her breath. "Fuck... that was truly amazing." She looked at my dripping cock, pulsing rapidly. Victoria then licked her hand, rubbing her pussy and lay back. "Put it in me Kyle. Fuck me into next year."

I immediately entered, beginning to thrust as fast as I could. "Oh FUUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuck!!" she screamed as my cock stretched her pussy and I began wailing on the wet snatch. She raised her legs to my shoulder as I ruthlessly pounded, her boobs shaking madly.

I hammered my full length into her, her pussy offering resistance and I pushed in but seeming to hold me as I pushed back. So many sensations went through my body as she kissed me again. I groped the soft orbs, watching as her eyes widened as I fucked her powerfully.

Her fingers traced my abs and biceps as she begged me to keep plowing her. With a grunt, I went faster, slamming into every inch of her went cunt. My entire body clenched as my orgasm set in and I went into full gear, my cock slicing through the wetness. Words can't describe how arousing it was as Victoria raised her tits to her mouth and began to suck them.

"Oh god!" Victoria screamed as she began to cum again, "Fuck yes!" The pressure of her pussy was more than I could handle. The world seemed to pause as we fucked each other savagely. Only Mom could perform so well. I held my tight hold on her hips as I saw the veins of cock shining brightly as I pushed in and out of her.

"I'm gonna cum!" I yelled, preparing to pull out.

"Don't you fucking dare!" Victoria ordered, "I want you to flood my pussy in spunk." I began thrusting faster and we both yelled out as we climaxed, thick ropes of cum shooting into her womb. It was one of the longest orgasms of my life as I fired streaks into her.

As I pulled my spent cock from her pussy a familiar voice exclaimed:

"Mom?!"

"KYLE?!?!"

We both looked in the doorway where Emily stood. She had obviously been watching for a while as she had her hand down her skirt, rubbing herself.

"Honey," Victoria said, struggling to get up, my cum dripping from her pussy, "what are you doing standing there?"

"I heard all the moans from in here so I thought I would see you and Dad," Emily said, "not you and my boyfriend. I knew the second he pulled out it was him."

Victoria looked down to my semi-hard prick. "Well sweetie," she said walking over to her, "it seems he still could still use some special attention..."

Emily smiled as she removed her shirt and bra and all my length returned. She proceeded to jerk me off as I placed my face in her warm cleavage. "I can even imagine fitting all this massive cock into me," Emily said as I began to suck on both of her tits, "but I could you two going at it from the driveway."

"Well it seems Kyle is especially gifted Emmy," Victoria said while tracing her curves, "but you have some work to do..." They both sat on either side of me and Victoria began to stroke my cock back to life. "I've never seen a dick so huge in my life," she said, "and to learn it belongs to my own daughter's boyfriend."

I watched as Victoria began to grope her daughter's tits, fully erect as they each wrapped a hand around my pole. At Victoria's command, Emily began to jerk me off, using an expert combination of squeezing and stroking, beginning to jerk me faster. Emily then began to kiss me, twirling her tongue with mine as her mother began to slobber on my cock.

"Go ahead baby," Victoria told her, "give yourselves to each other."

I watched as Emily straddled me, her wet pussy positioned over my knob. She pressed her mouth to mine as she pushed herself down, screaming into my mouth. "Fuck this is great!" Emily cried as she began to ride, my full length positioned inside her.

I groped her soft ass and began to drive into her. "Yes Kyle," she begged, "fuck me!" I began sucking on her hard tits like a milk-deprived infant. She moaned as she pushed me back and began to ride me like a rodeo. "I never knew what I missing baby!" Emily screamed as her boobs bounced madly.

She began fucking herself with urgency down my prick, her heavy boobs filling my hands. She smiled wickedly down at me, in a state of orgasmic bliss. "Fuck!" Emily screamed as she began to cum, "god you're really popping my cherry!"

Victoria, laying my my head, lowered her pussy over my face, letting me eat her out. My ears were filled with the sweet sounds of their moans along with the slaps of skin as Emily picked up speed. I raised my hands to palm Victoria's ass, soft and tender in my fingers.

Emily cried out as she came. She went faster, holding onto Victoria's boobs as she came violently, her juices flowing down my shaft. She dismounted, my cock exiting her with an audible pop. She panted heavily. 

"He's perfect isn't he Emmy?" Victoria asked to which Emily breathlessly nodded. Victoria looked over at her. "Would you look at that creampie? Looks good enough to eat."

Victoria inserted a finger into her pussy, making Emily moan and squirm, moaning as Victoria groped her soft boobs. My cock twitched as she began to eat her out, trailing her tongue in her daughter's pussy. Emily moaned and arched her back as Victoria probed deeper.

I leaned forward and began to suck deeply on one of Emily's hard nipples and her eyes shot open. She gave a piercing scream, gushing her juices onto Victoria's face and finger. At the same time, Victoria began to ruthlessly jerk me off, kissing me and sharing Emily's sweet liquids with me.

I pushed Victoria back and slid into her pussy. Her walls instantly tightened as I began thrusting roughly. My balls clapped her ass and I wrapped a hand around her boobs as I began pounding her roughly, tasting Emily's pussy on her lips. She moaned as I pushed deeper, running her fingers through my hair as I couldn't remove my hands from her wonderful boobs.

Sensing she was close to an orgasm, I began fucking her faster making her make short yet rapid breaths, her tits bouncing wildly. I began to fuck her savagely, my hips colliding with hers in a resounding clash. "Fuck me! Yes!" she pleaded as I bottomed her out.

She screamed as she came all over my cock and I fucked her harder and harder, burying my balls inside her. I kept forcing my prick into her hot pussy, driving with full power. She gritted her teeth as I relentlessly fucked her, her juices dripping from my balls.

Victoria passed out as I removed myself from her. I went over to Emily and kissed her neck and shoulders. "Fuck..." she moaned as she began to crank my cock. I watched as she lay on her back to take me in missionary. She gasped as I entered her, her wet warmth coating my dick like a blanket of love.

"You feel so good inside me Kyle." Emily moaned as I pushed deep inside.

"You feel good around my dick Em," I replied as I began to suck on her tits and move my hips against hers.

We moaned softly as we began to fuck toward one another slowly. She wrapped her arms around me. "I've wanted this so long Kyle," she said as she spread her legs wider, enabling me to speed up a little, "I was just too afraid. I need your cum inside me."

She pleaded to fuck her hard and deep and I began roughly driving into her. "Fuck yes!!" Emily screamed loud enough to be heard from the street. I snaked my tongue around her hard right tit, my thrusting never slowing down. "That's feels good baby..." Emily moaned as she continued to feel up my chest.

I ran my hands along her smooth legs and pressed my face into her warm cleavage, drowning in the softness. She screamed as I bit down on her tit. "Ahhhhh shit!" Emily cried, "Fuck me baby! Please don't stop!" She looked up at me as I vigorously fucked her.

She gently pushed me back and tenderly kissed me. "Fuck me doggystyle Kyle. Fuck me hard."

Seconds later, I had a tight grip on her hair, ruthlessly pounding her as she bounced back against me. Never for an instant was any of my dick out of her tight pussy. "I can't believe I waited so fucking long to do this!" Emily cried loudly as my balls tightened, ready to blow.

"Fuck me baby! Oh god, fuck me harder!" she screamed as I gave her long hard strokes, "No other girl can ever say their boyfriend gives it to them this good. Not one!" She reached between her legs and gave a loving squeeze to my balls.

"I'm gonna cum Emily!" I shouted, "I'm gonna fill you up!"

"Do it baby!!"

"Here it cums!!" I shouted, though possibly not in decipherable English.

I felt myself exploding, my balls melting inside her. Her pussy milked my cock of all I had. My body shook in orgasmic bliss, our bodies meeting in loud thunderous claps. We both screamed as a tsunami of cum blasted in her pussy. "Fuck Kyle!" she screamed, holding fast onto the headboard, "you're filling me up!"

After a final thick blast, I fell out of her onto my side, breathing heavily. We began kissing, full of lust and my cock stiffened to life. She looked so beautiful, her wet hair hanging over her boobs. "That... was... fucking... amazing."

"Did that really happen?" I asked, still dazed from some of the best sex of my life. 

"Yes it did Kyle," Victoria suddenly said, sliding in on my other side, "and it was beautiful."

She looked down where my cock was rock solid. "Up for a Round 3 Kyle?"

She looked down again and my dick twitched.

- -

"Y-Yes M-Ms. Anderson" Victoria struggled to speak as I hammered her ass, "K-Kyle i-is a v-v-very gooood boy... Oh FUUUUCK!!"

I could hear my mother laughing over the phone as the call ended. 

"She says you owe her a double shift tomorrow Kyle." Victoria said as pulled me out of her. Two hours later, after cumming in each of them twice, they lifted their boobs as I sprayed cum on their faces. We fucked countless times throughout the night.

As we finally were exhausted, I lay nestled between them, each with a hand around my cock. When Emily asked what prompted Victoria to fuck me, she replied that her and her husband's sex life was practically non-existent and she had begun to feel unattractive.

Seeing me get hard to her on the bus energized her need and she couldn't help it. "Well Mom," Emily said as they kissed, "Kyle is as much your's as he is mine. Without you I never would've experienced that." 

"And how do you feel Kyle?" Victoria asked as she rubbed my chest.

"Perfect Victoria," I replied. 

"Just perfect..."

I slept peacefully that night, their warm bodies snuggled against me. Today was fantastic. I didn't exactly understand how our wild orgy had come about but I couldn't wait to do it again.

Over the next few days, we fucked numerous times. One day while Mr. Reynolds was home, they both sucked me off in the kitchen. I would go from fucking Emily at school to fucking Victoria after school before drowning in ecstasy with them both. We would keep lying down after our sessions, soon worked up enough to go at it again and again. 

And everything was just right...