 Theresa was back in her college town visiting with some friends at a local bar. It was getting a little late. As her friends were getting ready to leave, she decided that she wasn't ready to call it a night. Little did she know how THAT decision would change her night!

Theresa was a little thing, standing just 5 feet tall, weighing about 100 pounds. She had a gorgeous body matched with blonde hair and blue eyes. She thought she looked better now, 15 years out of college, than she did when she was taking classes – and her friends said the same thing!

As she sat at the bar people watching, she noticed a group of college "kids" walk in laughing and joking around. They came up to the bar next to where she was sitting, and she was reminded of the fun times she had while she attended school. There were 4 guys and 1 girl in the group. Since there was only one seat available, the girl sat next to Theresa, as the guys stood around. The girl seemed to be the ringleader of the group.

They quickly finished a round of drinks, and ordered another. Theresa noticed that the group got into a quick huddle then dispersed, leaving the two girls sitting next to each other.

"Hi, sexy. My name's Hannah, what's yours?"

"Theresa. Very nice to meet you."

" I noticed you sitting here when we first walked in. Are you waiting for someone?" Hannah asked.

"No. I met some friends up here earlier, and decided that I didn't want to go yet."

"Good idea!" Hannah replied with a wink, as she put her hand on Theresa's thigh and gave a little squeeze. 

They chatted for a while getting to know each other a little better. Hannah was a very striking redhead with long curly hair, and a body that just wouldn't quit. She attributed that to her gymnastic career, which was cut short due to a knee injury. She couldn't compete anymore, but she still practiced to keep her agility and flexibility.

They had downed 3 shots of Jagermeister in about 5 minutes. Theresa had already had a few drinks in her before hand. By this point, she was feeling really good. The guys had returned after a while telling Hannah they were ready to head to the party. As she got up from her seat, she turned to Theresa.

"Why don't you come to the party with us?" she asked.

"Oh, I don't think that would be a good idea. Me going to a party with you kids," she said laughing.

"Are you kidding me? You're hot! No one would think twice if you were a couple years older than we were," one of the guys said.

That caught Theresa by surprise, but she was very flattered and agreed to go with them. What the heck, she thought to herself. She was heading home the next day anyhow. And she wanted to have some fun that night. Little did she know what was going to come next.

She hopped into one of the cars with Hannah. They both rode in the back seat together. As they started driving, the shots finally hit the two girls, and they started laughing uncontrollably and anything. Hannah took the opportunity to start rubbing Theresa's thigh again. Probably as a reflex, Theresa started to return the favor, following her lead. They were both in mini skirts, so there was plenty of leg for each of them to explore.

As Hannah's hand went higher and higher, Theresa started getting a little quieter – nervous but excited. She hadn't had another female touch her since SHE was in college, and she started to remember how good it felt back then. Hannah reached Theresa's panties and started to rub her pussy, getting her hot and bothered when they arrived at the party. Hannah immediately removed her hand and started to get out of the car. She quickly ran around the car to let Theresa out. They hugged as Hannah whispered, "Oh you're going to have a great time tonight! I guarantee it!"

They all walked into the party with the girls walking in hand-in-hand. It was a typical college frat party, or so it appeared. All kinds of college students were chatting, dancing, drinking, some couples making out in the corners. Very typical from what Theresa could see through her Jager-induced haze. 

They all made there way through the kitchen in single file, grabbing a drink on the way. Hannah quickly took the lead, with Theresa in tow. They made their way out to the back yard. Theresa noticed a crowd of about 30 people standing around. She couldn't tell what was going on, or what they were watching until Hannah led them right to the front. Much to Theresa's amazement, the crowd was watching a college couple actually fucking on a bed that was set up.

"Oh my God!" Theresa exclaimed. "I can't believe this!"

Hannah started laughing. "Don't you think they're hot?" she asked.

Theresa didn't say a word. She just stood there watching with her mouth practically hanging open. 

As the guy started to fuck the girl a little harder, the crowd started to chant a little bit, rooting him on. A few more minutes and he pulled out shooting his load like a Roman candle. His cum shot everywhere, much to the cheers of the crowd that had watched. The couple got up off the bed laughing, as the girl used the sheet to clean herself up a little bit. They stood to the side getting dressed, while 2 frat brothers got another sheet and set the bed up for another show.

"This time you get a front row seat for this one!" Hannah said to Theresa, as she kissed her full on the lips. As she made her way towards the bed, she started a strip tease, staring straight into Theresa's eyes. The crowd started chanting, "Hannah! Hannah! Hannah!" She was obviously a crowd favorite. 

2 guys emerged from different parts of the crowd. Theresa recognized them as 2 of the 4 that were with Hannah earlier. Hannah lay on the bed while the two guys came to her on either side, taking there clothes off as well. They knelt on either side of her as she started to stroke their already hard cocks. She would take one into her mouth deep-throating it while stroking the other, then switch. The guys in the mean time had their hands all over Hannah's very toned body, pinching her nipples and fingering her glistening pussy. 

Theresa couldn't take her eyes off the 3 of them. She felt her pussy getting wetter by the moment as she rubbed her nipples. She hoped that no one would notice, but Hannah did. She stared into Theresa's eyes as she knelt up and had the boys stand on either side. "Come closer" she called to Theresa. As if she was in a trance, she moved towards the bed. The louder cheers coming from the crowd didn't even faze her. As she made her way towards the bed, she felt 4 hands come up from behind her starting to take her clothes off. As she turned around, she noticed it was the other two guys from the group. At this point, she didn't care who it was.

She stood by the side of the bed, as her clothes came off. She felt their hands massaging her excited body – her nipples hardened by the sight, her pussy was practically dripping. Her hands reached out to either side to take hold of the boys' hard cocks. She still couldn't take her eyes off Hannah, even when she felt fingers in both her pussy and ass. She stared at Hannah sucking on the other 2 cocks.

After a few moments, she moved onto the bed, and immediately to Hannah. They started to kiss deeply, lashing their tongues with each other's. Theresa couldn't keep her hands off Hannah as she squeezed her tits and fucked Hannah's pussy with her fingers. While they were kissing, Hannah pulled one of the cocks close to their mouths. They both started licking his cock, much to his delight. They took turns sucking on the head as the other licked his balls. Theresa, overcome with lust, turned away, and gave the other cock some attention. She never knew the boys' names, and it really didn't matter at any time.

She sucked on that cock like it was going to be her last. Her head was moving back and forth almost in a blur. The other 2 guys moved in as well. 6 of them on the bed, and the crowd were starting to get in frenzy as they closed in to get a better view. Theresa noticed, but didn't care as she backed off to service the other 2 that had removed her clothing earlier. One lay down in front of Theresa on his back, moving his face under Hannah's pussy and started licking. Theresa bent over on her knees to start sucking on his cock as the 4th guy moved behind her and started licking her pussy and ass. She practically came at the sensation of his tongue creeping into her asshole, while he fucked her pussy with 3 fingers.

"I need cock in me now!" Theresa exclaimed. The crowd reacted with a loud cheer. Theresa moved forward and sat on the cock she was just sucking. She was so wet; he just slipped right into her, despite his thickness. The other guy who had been licking her moved in behind and quickly entered her ass. She yelled but didn't want it to stop!

Hannah quickly moved around to get some cock of her own. She sat back with one cock in her ass, reverse cowgirl style, as the other moved in to plug her pussy. 2 threesomes on the same bed with about 60 people trying to watch at this point was simply overwhelming for Theresa as she came again and again. With her angle, she could watch as the 2 cocks pumped in and out of Hannah at a feverish pitch.

Apparently the guys got a little bored and decided to all switch at the same time. The 2 that were fucking Hannah moved to Theresa, and vice versa. This time the guys sandwich each girl. Hannah on all fours had a cock in her pussy and her mouth; Theresa was on her back, but was in the same situation. Theresa would alternate sucking on cock, then licking and sucking on balls. He would move forward enough to where she would lick and suck his ass, too, while she slowly jacked him. Hannah was in a rhythm so well timed, she was rocking back and forth between thrusts from either end. 

The moaning and grunting coming from the bed was starting to get to the mixed crowd, as guys and girls started to feel each other, as well. Couples were all over each other, but still watching the show. Someone had started taking pictures, but no one cared at this point.

Hannah came several times, as did Theresa. The boys had gotten louder in their moaning, indicating to both girls that they were ready to explode. Hannah moved over to Theresa, as Theresa sat up. They were both on their knees kissing and rubbing each other's bodies while the guys had stood up and circled them, jacking their glistening hard cocks.

"Cum all over her, fellas. Cover this slut with your jizz," Hannah had directed them. 

Theresa leaned back with her mouth open as each guy started to cum all over her. The 1st one released his load from the side of her that shot across her face, into her mouth, over her nose then down her chin and neck. As he finished, she turned to take his cock into her mouth, sucking him dry. 

While she was sucked on cock #1, the next one was ready to shoot his load. He turned her head towards his cock as he released. He aimed the head of his cock right into her mouth and filled her up. His cum was much thicker than the first one from what she could tell. Before she had a chance to swallow his load, he shoved his cock into her mouth letting his cum ooze all down her face and onto her tits. He would fuck her mouth while Hannah started to rub his cum all over Theresa's body. Theresa then took turns between #1 and #2 sucking on their cocks as they slowly started to go down. 

#3 moved in from behind her, facing towards Hannah. Theresa leaned her head as far back as she could as he started to cum. With the head of his cock on her forehead, he shot his load straight down her face and body. Hannah moved in closer, as she wanted some for herself, too. She was rubbing her body against Theresa's as they licked and sucked the rest of the cum out of cock #3. They were both so cum hungry at this point, Hannah would start licking cum off Theresa's body, then would move up to kiss her. 

The crowd was going crazy as cock #4 moved around and was ready to go. They started chanting: "Bull, bull, bull, bull..." was all Theresa could here. Hannah started giggling as she moved next to Theresa.

"Oh baby, you're gonna love this one!" Hannah said.

Theresa finally looked at the one they called "Bull" and realized what had been pounding her earlier. She stared at this guy's 10-½ inch cock as he moved within a foot of each of them. The other 3 guys moved away since they knew what was coming (literally). He slowly massaged the head of his cock while Theresa watched his balls starting to swell. 

"Open up, ladies," he said as he squeezed his cock harder before he released.

Theresa kept her eyes open to watch this beast of a cock spit out load after load. He took turns going back and forth, shooting each girl in the face like a rapid-fire gun. He just kept cumming and cumming like Theresa had never seen before, except in the porn flicks she'd watched in the past. He just kept going and going all over both of their faces and bodies. 

After what seemed like forever, he finished and stood there with his hard cock at attention, wanting some attention. The two girls were more than happy to oblige. They both went after his cock licking and sucking the head, then down the shaft, then to his balls and back up. Each of them took turns sucking on his still-hard cock. To Theresa's amazement, it wasn't going down like the other boys. "Who is this guy," she thought to herself. They just kept sucking on his cock and balls in shifts for about 10 minutes without him going down at all.

"Do you want some more?" he asked them.

"Are you serious?" Theresa asked.

"Oh yeah, this guy is awesome!" Hannah said.

They backed away as he started to stroke his cock again. The girls were licking cum from each other's faces as they watched "Bull" pound on his beef stick. Hannah reached out and started rubbing his balls. Theresa did the same, as she could feel them starting to stir again. She couldn't believe it.

"Here comes round 2!" he exclaimed. The crowd went nuts.

Just like the first time, he started his cum shots back and forth at each of their faces again. It wasn't quite as forceful as the first time, but there was quite a bit still. He finished sooner, as the girls started sucking his cock again. This time, he had enough and it started to go down. 

As he finally got off the bed, Theresa sat back thoroughly satiated from the events of this evening. As she started to come down from her sex buzz, she realized where she was at – sitting on a cum-covered bed with this other girl she had met at a bar a few hours ago. THEN she finally realized how many people were standing around. She looked around at some guys with their cocks hanging out of their pants jacking off, girls blowing their boyfriends, and 4 guys getting dressed around her. She looked over at Hannah and giggled.

"This has got to be the best party I've ever been to from this college! Call me the next time you're throwing a gig like this," she told Hannah.

"Oh baby, you're a star, now. You're better than any other girl that we've brought in. They usually freak out once they see what's going on, before we even get them involved. You were awesome!" Hannah replied. "Let's go get cleaned up."

With that, Hannah led Theresa to the other side of the yard where they used an outside shower to clean off. This was definitely a trip that Theresa would remember for a long, long time.