 NINA'S SURPRISE VISITOR

Nina had kicked off her shoes and made herself a martini. She had been out shopping all day and she had the house to herself. Her daughter Suzie was gone for the weekend with some girlfriends. Nina wondered if any of Suzie's friends fooled around with girls and whether Suzie would have the opportunity to experience another lesbian encounter. She had just flopped on the couch looking forward to some relaxing time with her drink when she heard the doorbell.

"Shit, who could that be?" Nina wondered.

Nina opened the door and was surprised to see Mitch Suzie's ex-boyfriend standing there. "Oh hello Mitch what brings you here?" Nina said coldly.

"Hi Mrs. Moore I was wondering if Suzie was home," Mitch asked.

"No she's not," Nina replied curtly.

Nina looked at Mitch and felt somewhat sorry that she was so short with him. She wondered if she should talk to him about him and Suzie breaking up. She knew she shouldn't but she invited him into the house.

"I just made myself a drink and was relaxing. Would you like to come in for a few minutes," Nina asked.

"Sure that would be great," Mitch accepted immediately.

"Can I get you a drink," Nina offered.

"Sure a beer would be great," Mitch replied.

Nina watched the strapping young boy move passed her into her home. She directed him into the family room and then she went to the kitchen to get him a beer. Nina gave Mitch his beer and then she sat back down on the soft sofa and threw her legs up on the ottoman. Mitch sat on the chair facing her.

Nina and Mitch chatted for a few minutes and the conversation went smoothly. They briefly talked about the breakup but they didn't dwell on it. Nina like the handsome teenager he was easy to talk to. She found she enjoyed his company and since she would be alone this evening she was in no hurry to send him on his way. Nina finished her first martini and decided to have a second.

"I am going to have another drink. Can I get you another beer?" Nina asked.

"Yes please that would be great," Mitch accepted.

Nina returned with the drinks, handed Mitch his beer and then returned to the sofa. Mitch watched her move across the room and admired her shapely legs. Nina was wearing a summer dress that was cut tastefully above her knees about four inches. Mitch noticed that Nina was more stacked than her daughter Suzie and he wondered how she looked without any clothes. He also wondered if Nina was as good a fuck as her daughter. Mitch missed fucking Suzie since she broke it off with him. Mitch thought if he couldn't have Suzie maybe her mother would be a good fill in. 

Nina sipped her second martini and she felt it going to her head. She was very relaxed now and she was not as careful with her skirt as she propped her feet up on the ottoman. At one point she had both feet set on the edge of the ottoman and it was easy for Mitch to see under her skirt. He noticed that she was wearing thigh high nylons and light blue panties. Mitch felt his cock getting hard as he stared up her skirt. Nina realized that he was looking at her legs and she lowered them back fall on the ottoman.

"Sorry my feet are killing me from shopping all day," Nina apologized for her carelessness.

"Really, maybe you would like a foot massage," Mitch offered, "I give them to my mom all the time when her feet ache."

"Sure that sounds good if you don't mind. Are you sure you want to massage my smelly feet," Nina giggled in reply.

Mitch noticed that she was a little giddy at this point from the martinis. He moved over to the ottoman and picked up Nina's feet. He placed them in his lap and began to massage her right foot. Nina couldn't believe how good it felt to have her aching foot massaged. Mitch worked her right foot for awhile and then switched to her left foot. Nina closed her eyes and totally relaxed as Mitch worked over her feet. She took another sip from her martini and sighed in pleasure.

Mitch surprised her by massaging the calf of her right leg. She had started to stop him but then decided to let him continue since it felt so good. Besides Nina thought she could stop him at anytime. Mitch switched to the left calf and Nina just sighed again with pleasure. She was so relaxed and the booze had taken effect on her mood. Nina realized that as Mitch massaged her left calf he had placed her right foot in his crotch. She could feel his hard cock against the bottom of her foot. She couldn't convince herself to pull her foot away as she tried to assess the size of his cock.

Mitch moved his hands up Nina's calves to the back of her knees. He massaged her deeply and she felt turned on but she still did not stop him. His hands felt wonderful and she knew that she could stop him at anytime. Mitch massaged behind her knees as she took another sip of the martini. Nina realized that she had finished her second drink and she was clearly relaxed from the alcohol and the massage. She felt Mitch's hands move higher on her legs and she just closed her eyes and lay back.

Mitch moved his hands to Nina's thighs and briefly massaged her quads before moving his hands above the elastic tops of her stockings. Nina flinched when his hands touched her bare skin and she reached down to keep his hands from moving higher. But Mitch was insistent and he was stronger than Nina. His hands moved up her thighs pushing her dress with them. Mitch could clearly see her shapely legs and panty covered pussy now. As he massaged her legs he allowed the back of his hands to brush against her panty covered mound. Nina's body jerked each time his hand touched her pussy. She knew she was getting wet and Mitch could feel her dampness on the back of his hands.

"Nina your panties are very wet. I think we should take them off," Mitch whispered.

Mitch moved his hands up to the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them off her hips. Nina subconsciously lifted her hips off the sofa to make it easier. Nina then realized what was happening and tried to stop Mitch.

"Mitch, please don't. We shouldn't be doing this," Nina protested feebly.

"Just relax Nina and go with the flow. Just let it happen you know you want it to," Mitch whispered back to her.

Nina was incapable of stopping him and she wasn't sure now if she wanted to. Mitch slid her panties down and off her shapely legs and moved between them. Mitch picked up one leg at a time and kissed her inner thighs. Nina moaned with delight. It had been so long since she had been seduced by a man that she loved every agonizing moment of it. Mitch worked his kisses closer to her pussy and Nina knew that she would cum quickly if he ate her.

Mitch moved his mouth to her pussy and flattened his tongue as he ran it over her mound. Nina jerked and thrust her mound into his face as she experienced a quick orgasm. Mitch however continued to explore her pussy with his tongue and he soon found her hooded clit. Mitch nibbled and tongued Nina's clit until she was writhing in ecstasy. "God he is good," she thought, "Every bit as good as Jan." Nina moaned and groaned as she pushed her pussy into Mitch's face and squirted her nectar into his mouth. Mitch kept on eating her pussy until Nina's body stopped thrashing.

Mitch stood up and looked down at the beautiful woman with her dress bunched above her waist and her pussy glistening with moisture. She looked so sexy with her dress and nylons framing her thighs and pussy. Mitch opened his pants and pushed them along with his underwear down to his ankles. Nina stared at the impressive teenage cock and she guessed it to be at least 8 inches long and 5 inches around, maybe bigger. Mitch moved between her legs and eased his big cock into her sopping wet pussy. Mitch knew what he was doing and he fucked Nina to yet another orgasm. He kept his cock in constant contact with her clit as he fucked her and she was soon thrashing wildly around as she came again. Nina's last orgasm was intense and she held her pussy tight against Mitch as she pleaded with him to fuck her and hold her.

Mitch pulled out of Nina's pussy and sat next to her on the sofa. Nina sat upright next to Mitch and looked down at his still hard cock. She took it in her hands and stroked him slowly. Mitch unzipped the back of Nina's dress and lowered it to her waist. He then unhooked her bra and slid it down her arms letting fall on the floor near her panties. Mitch pushed Nina's shoulders back against the sofa causing her tits to stand out more. He leaned over and kissed her titties and sucked on her nipples. Nina was never more proud of her firm tits then she was right now.

"You have great tits, Nina," Mitch told her.

Nina smiled at the youthful choice of words. He said great tits, not beautiful breasts or lovely breasts but great tits. She was amused but she was flattered at the same time. She looked at his impressive cock again and she knew why the girls were after him. As cute as Suzie was there was no way Mitch was going to remain loyal. Once the word got around about his big dick the girls would be clamoring for his attention. 

"I think we should take this to your bedroom, Nina," Mitch suggested sexily.

Nina knew that Mitch had not cum yet and she agreed to take it upstairs to her bedroom. Nina certainly didn't need cum stains on the family room sofa and have to explain to Suzie where they came from. Nina gathered up her panties and her bra and led Mitch by his erect cock to her bedroom. Nina finished undressing and sat naked on the side of her bed. Mitch stripped off his clothes and walked toward her with his big hard dick swinging as he walked. Mitch looked down at Nina and lifted her face with his hand.

"You have a very sensuous mouth Nina. I bet that you love to suck cock," Mitch said confidently.

Nina smiled at him and she marveled at his confidence. It seemed as if the roles were reversed where she was the teenager being seduced by an older man. Nina took his thick cock in her hand and ran her tongue over the head of it. Then she wrapped her mouth around it and slowly moved her head up and down taking him as deep as she could without gagging herself. She couldn't remember the last time she sucked cock.

Nina was an excellent cock sucker and she soon had Mitch on the verge of his first cum. Nina bobbed her head up and down on his cock pursing her lips together until she felt Mitch shiver. Nina would remove her mouth briefly to prolong his orgasm. She would lick the underside of his cock and his balls driving him wild with desire. Nina sucked his balls into her mouth and tickled his perineum with her fingers. Nina let her hands run over his hard abs and loins which caused Mitch to tremble as a tingling sensation ran through his body.

Mitch couldn't take anymore and he grabbed Nina's head and pulled it back onto his cock. Nina knew this time he would cum in her mouth but she was not prepared for the surge or the volume of his ejaculation. Mitch held her as he unloaded in her mouth. Volley after volley of cum bounced off the back of Nina's throat and she swallowed as quickly as she could. Nina managed to keep all of his cum in her mouth and she sucked him dry. She couldn't recall anyone ever cumming that much in her mouth and it turned her on. Nina loved the way she controlled him now as she lovingly sucked and drained his cock. Mitch was trembling as Nina nibbled the head of his cock and massaged his tight scrotum. Mitch stayed hard as he pulled his cock from Nina's mouth. He pushed her back on the bed and slid between her legs. Mitch eased his cock back into her pussy and fucked her through multiple orgasms until Nina pleaded with him to stop and give her pussy a rest. 

"Then it's time for another massage," Mitch said as he rolled Nina over on her stomach.

As Nina lay on her stomach Mitch, without asking permission, went to get some lotion from her bathroom. When he returned he sat on the back of her legs and she could feel his thick meat resting on her buttocks. Mitch began a slow soothing massage starting at her shoulders and worked his way down her back. His strong hands mesmerized Nina and she totally relaxed under his manipulations. Mitch then massaged her legs again working her calves first and gradually ascending to the back of her legs. Nina tensed as he started to massage her ass cheeks.

Mitch put a generous amount of lotion on her ass and lovingly kneaded her cheeks. He complimented Nina on her beautiful ass and told her that Suzie takes after her because she too has a beautiful ass. He slipped his hand between Nina's ass cheeks and brushed her vagina. Mitch lifted Nina by the hips so that her ass was elevated. He poured more lotion between the cheeks of Nina's ass and began to probe her asshole with his fingers. Soon he had two fingers sawing easily in and out of Nina's asshole and two others in her cunt. Nina lay there with her head on the bed turned to the side and cooed as Mitch moved his fingers in and out of her rectum and vagina. Mitch pushed down on the small of Nina's back causing her to accentuate her ass even more.

Mitch removed his fingers from her ass and lined up the head of his cock with her pink rosebud. Mitch eased his cock into Nina's lubricated asshole and it slid in easily all the way to the hilt. Mitch stayed still for a second and then slowly pulled his cock out until only the head remained in Nina's ass. Then he pushed all the way back in again. Nina had not had a cock in her ass since the last time Jan fucked her with a strap-on. Mitch slowly fucked Nina in the ass watching his cock slide in and out from between her gorgeous ass cheeks. He tried to prolong his ejaculation for as long as possible as he savored every moment of his cock in her ass.

Mitch stiffened and pushed his cock all the way up Nina's ass and he held on to the globes of her ass as he fired a huge load of cum deep into her rectum. Nina could feel the warm seed fill her ass and chills ran through her body. Mitch stayed in her ass and remained hard as Nina milked him with her anal muscles. Mitch leaned over Nina and they both flopped to the bed with Mitch still buried in her bum. They lay still for awhile and Nina realized that Mitch was still hard in her ass.

Mitch moved his arms up along side of Nina's and braced himself on his elbows. Then he gradually started to fuck her ass again. This time Mitch picked up the pace and within minutes he was pounding Nina's ass. Nina pushed her ass up to meet Mitch's cock every time he thrust into her. The two of them established a rhythm and soon they were fucking like animals in heat. Nina grunted every time that Mitch plunged his cock deep into her ass and she urged him to fuck her hard.

"Give it to me Mitch. Pound it in there. Make me feel it. Yeah that's it," the words just rolled out of Nina's mouth.

Mitch was really caught up with pounding her ass. His cock felt like it was bigger than ever and that it would explode at any moment. Nina's thrusting of her ass up at him was driving him wild. Mitch felt his orgasm building and he fucked her even faster. Then he stiffened and shot a second load in her ass. He held himself in position as he emptied his balls in her rectum. Nina felt the warm substance enter her ass and mix with his previous cum. She had never been this full. 

The two of them fell forward on Nina's bed with Mitch's cock still impaled in her ass. Mitch rolled to his side and rolled Nina with him so as not to crush her with his weight. As they lay there Nina clenched and relaxed her anal muscles as she massaged Mitch's softening cock. She felt him finally go totally soft and slip from her asshole. Streams of cum trickled out of her ass and ran over her ass cheek onto the bed sheet.

"I need a warm bath after that," Nina said as she eased out of her bed.

Nina ran the water in her large tub and added oil beads. As the tub filled Nina got herself and Mitch another drink. They both entered the tub and Nina leaned back into Mitch's body. They both soaked in the tub and Mitch caressed her body with the oily water. He played with her tits and rolled her nipples around in his fingers. Nina felt him get hard again and smiled to herself as his cock pressed against her body. 

"Youth, they are amazing," she thought to herself.

Nina realized that she had never even thought about her daughter. Suzie would have a fit if she ever found out that her mother had fucked her boyfriend. Nina then wondered how it was going for Suzie with her girlfriends. Then Nina felt Mitch slip his stiff dick into her pussy and she just let him fuck her slowly. Nina knew that she couldn't cum again but she was sure that Mitch had at least one more in him. At that moment Nina decided to let Mitch stay the night.

SUZIE'S WEEKEND 

Suzie enjoyed basking in the sun with her three girlfriends, Janie, Liz and Julie topless in their thong bikinis. After awhile, topless just seemed natural to Suzie. The four college girlfriends were at a lake cottage that was very private. The house and the lakefront belonged to Janie's parents. The four girls had arrived Friday late morning and they were taking advantage of the great weather that afternoon.

Suzie felt her loins stir as she was turned on by the beautiful girls sunbathing with her. Suzie was lying on her back sunning thinking about her recent lesbian experience with her mother when her thoughts turned to Janie. Suzie wondered what she would do with Janie but then she was sure that Janie knew what to do and she would guide her just as her mother had done. At least Suzie was better prepared this time if anything happened that weekend. Just then she felt something warm on her breasts and she opened her eyes. Janie was propped up on her side with a bottle of suntan lotion in her hand.

"You don't want to get these babies sunburned," Janie said as she poured the lotion onto Suzie's tits.

Suzie was lost for words and she just lay there as Janie rubbed the lotion over her white tan lines. Suzie's nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tightly as Janie massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Suzie was so turned on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her bikini bottom and rub her pussy.

"There that should be better," Janie said as she put the lotion away.

Janie's hands had felt so good that Suzie had not wanted her to stop. Suzie's nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. Janie just smiled at her girlfriend as she knew that she had gotten to Suzie. Later that day Suzie was on her stomach when Janie repeated the action. This time she rubbed Suzie's buttocks and covered them with lotion. It seemed that Janie spent more time than needed on Suzie's ass and Suzie subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Janie was tempted to let her fingers drift between Suzie's thighs but she didn't want to push the issue at this time. Janie was satisfied with Suzie's reaction.

The four girls spent the entire day on the lakefront soaking up the rays and constantly putting lotion on one another. They later returned to the house to shower, dress and go out for the evening. The girls dined out first and then they went to a club for awhile. They danced with guys and felt the erections pressing up against their thighs. Their bottoms were fondled and pinched frequently as they made their way around the crowded club. By the time they returned to the house they were all horny. That night Janie decided to make her move on Suzie rather than join Liz and Julie.

Janie and Suzie changed into t-shirts and shorts and then they sat on the small couch sipping wine. They talked for awhile before Janie took the wine glass from Suzie's hand and set it down. Then Janie moved closer to Suzie and she sensed Suzie's nervousness. Despite her nervousness Suzie wanted it to happen.

"Let me make love to you," Janie said softly.
