 Sunday morning.

"I must be dreaming." I said. "Somebody pinch me."

The two ladies who were licking my cock giggled and then I felt a searing pain. Both of my butt cheeks had been pinched hard.

"Owww. Remind me never to ask you girls to pinch me again."

They laughed heartily and then continued to minister to my cock. Ellen was sucking on the tip and Carolyn was twirling her tongue around the base. It didn't take long before my cock was ramrod straight. I pulled on Ellen's arms. She left my cock and we kissed passionately as Carolyn deep throated me. I started rubbing Ellen's cunny through the shorts she was wearing and I realized she was sopping wet. 

"What do we have here?" I asked 

"I live just down the hall, so I let myself in here to see how things were going. I was out in the living room this morning and I heard you guys in the bedroom." She replied

"What? You heard us?" Asked Carolyn

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, just like that. Hit me. Hit me." Said Ellen, imitating Carolyn "You were pretty loud."

Carolyn blushed beet red. "When I get excited I can't control myself. " She said

"It's ok Carolyn, we still love you." I said

"But now, I'm so horny, I might just fuck the bedpost." said Ellen

"No need for that honey." said Carolyn "He's all yours for now."

I pulled down Ellen's shorts and she leaned over onto the kitchen table. Her legs were spread and her majestic ass was waving high in the air. I quickly fit my cock into her cunt and started slamming.

After 3 or 4 minutes of vigorous pounding Ellen lost it and screamed "Ahhhhhhh".

"I guess I'm not the only one that loses control." said Carolyn with a smile.

I was still rock hard and Ellen was in no condition for any more sex play right then.

I walked over to Carolyn and said "Maybe we should head back to the bedroom?"

She smiled and turned to the bedroom. I couldn't keep up with her. She was almost running.

When I walked in the bedroom, I saw a wondrous sight. Carolyn was on all fours with her head buried in the sheets. Her hands were back on her ass and spreading her cheeks.

"Come on. Hit me hard stud." She said

I slammed my cock into her cunt and slipped two fingers up her butthole and then we both bucked for all we were worth for five or ten minutes.

Carolyn really let loose this time "Oh God, Oh Yes, Oh Jesus, Hit Me, Oh My God"

Eventually I pulled out and spewed my small cumload all over her ass and then collapsed.

I heard Ellen say from behind me "Wow"

"Yeah, Wow" Carolyn replied

I made arrangements to pick up Ellen for dinner and then I left the ladies together.

Ellen and I enjoyed a very nice meal at a fancy Italian restaurant. She looked simply stunning in a slinky dress. I was dressed fairly casually and I got many envious looks from the other male patrons.

"You know every guy in the place is mesmerized by you, don't you?" I asked

"They can look, but only you can touch." She said with a smile.

As we walked to the car, I couldn't stop from massaging her butt.

Ellen, smiled at me, and said "None of that until we get to your place big boy." 

"Awwww" I whimpered.

She skipped ahead of me and wiggled her ass and laughed evilly.

When we got to my place, we headed straight to the bedroom and I attacked her. I was grabbing her ass and pulling the dress up one handful at a time. Eventually I pointed her to the bed so she was on all fours. She still had the dress on, but I threw the bottom half of it onto her back and then pulled down her panties. I spread her cheeks wide and slid my finger up her vagina. She was definitely wet. That was good. I was not in the mood for foreplay. I pushed my cock right up into her cunt.

"Mmmmph" Ellen mumbled

I pumped for a few minutes and then slowed down and spread her cheeks wide. As I slipped a finger into her ass, Ellen moaned passionately. I stopped everything for a second and then moved the dress away from Ellen's head so I could see her face. 

"You seem to like my fingers in your ass. Are you ready for something larger?" 

She opened her eyes and turned to look at me. "I'm not sure. Have you ever done it before?" 

"Nope, never. I begged my ex for a while but she would have nothing of it. Have you?" 

"No, I've always refused. But with you I am tempted. Please go slow."

I spit 2 or 3 gobs into her anus and then swirled my fingers around . My cock was already slick with lady love juices so I pulled out of her cunt and positioned my cock at the entrance to her butt.

"Here goes." I said and I gently pushed in\

"Ooooohhhhh" she moaned

Only the tip was in so far.

"Are you ok?" I asked 

"Yeah, you fill me up real good." She said.

I pushed in a little further.

"Aaaahhh" She gasped

I sat still waiting for her to adjust and then she pushed back her ass.

I leaned in a little further and then said "That's all of it." 

"You are gonna split me in two.....but oooohhhh it feels good."

I pulled back and then pushed in slowly. Her insides were gripping my cock. It felt heavenly. She moaned passionately and I picked up the pace a little. Eventually she was bucking like a bronco and I couldn't take it anymore. My spunk filled up her ass and then I collapsed.

"Wow" she said

"Yeah, wow" I replied and then we both started laughing .