 As I walked downstairs the following morning after my graduation, Mom was cooking breakfast in her maid outfit as I rushed behind her to palm her big tits.

"Good morning baby," Mom greeted me as she began to squeeze my cock between her thighs, "big plans today as a graduate?"

"I got the call from the agency today and they just sent me the first copy of my new book, hot off the presses."

"Finally!" Mom exclaimed, pulling me in for a tender kiss, "I've been dying to see it but you kept saying it was surprise."

"Well, wait no longer!" I said, reaching in my bag and pulling out a yellow and blue paperback reading on the cover: Incest is Best!

"Oh my..." Mom gasped, a picture of her in a doggystyle position being fucked by me from behind, "it's beautiful baby!"

"Look at the back."

She flipped it over and read, "To my wonderful mother Marie April Anderson, who without her warm care, guidance and the best body in the universe, this wouldn't be possible."

Behind that text was another picture of Charles and Brooke, Charles spooning his mother while she sucked her own nipples, moaning as he was mid-thrust.

Mom began to cry and I hugged her for a long time. "This is truly amazing honey. When is it scheduled for release?"

"Less than two weeks," I replied before the door opened. Selena ran to me and kissed me passionately. 

"Is it really here?" she asked excitedly to which I nodded and Mom handed her the book.

"It looks amazing!" Selena shouted, hugging the book to her chest.

"Absolutely," I replied and she kissed me again. Soon, I was fucking both Selena and Mom in one of the best threesomes of my life until I filled them with two heavy loads.

- -

A few minutes later, I was at the door to the Reynolds' home and knocked before Victoria opened the door wearing a striped belly shirt and cut off jeans. In her perfectly manicured hands, she held a soda can before giving me a warm smile, her cleavage glistening with sweat.

I didn't notice I happened to be still gawking and notice a little camel toe in front. Victoria was indeed a vision of hotness. My dream state was lost when I heard a clearing throat and "My eyes are up here!" Victoria chuckled. 

"Oh please," I retorted jokingly, "name one part of you I haven't seen."

She smiled seductively and tapped my nose. "Touché you naughty boy."

She began to walk back inside. My cock stiffened as I walked inside. On the recliner sat Regina Taylor, the 12th Grade English teacher, Melissa Ryan, a friend of Victoria and 3rd Math teacher.

"Good to see you again Kyle," Melissa said as she looked hot with her long and curly red hair hanging past her shoulder and her unrestricted 42F boobs squeezed in her white tank top. 

Regina was dressed more conservatively and rather odd for the sweltering weather outside, a blue T-shirt and knee length shorts, almost as if she had been running.

"It's so lovely to know that you have a book published Kyle," she said after light chatting, "I'm proud I taught you."

I smiled before Emily took my hand, giving it a squeeze. With the air on full blast, it wasn't long before all 4 of the attractive females' nipples were erect. And my cock wasn't far behind.

"It definitely isn't everyone who gets to teach someone so accomplished..." Regina said as she rubbed my leg, my cock inching towards it.

"All I can still see in him is that eager-eyed boy who loved to learn. I remember he shovelled my driveway that year we had the blizzard. Completely for free."

"Well, you were my favorite teacher," I replied, my cock getting perilously close to her soft hand, moving back and forth on my thigh.

"I remember being 18," Victoria said as I watched a drop of Coca-Cola drop into her cleavage, "full of energy. When I wasn't full of other things that is..."

"What are you planning on doing now Kyle?" Regina asked, ignoring Victoria's statement.

"Just writing some more," I replied, "maybe into a series."

My eyes widened as Regina reached behind the pillow and exposed a blue and yellow book, I and Mom locked in our sexual frenzy.

"I have no doubt it will be popular. It's a very hot read..." Melissa said as her hand slid up my thigh and pulled out my throbbing cock.

"Good heavens! It's no wonder Marie loves it so much!" Regina exclaimed, watching my cock drip quarter-sized droplets of precum.

Melissa's hand felt so good as she leaned to kiss me, her strawberry mango lotion filling my nostrils. I then felt Regina begin to slowly lick and suck my head while Emily played with my balls.

"I think this is better suited for the bedroom," Victoria said as she watched and rubbed her pussy. 

"I get to fuck all of you?" I asked happily as all 4 women stroked my cock.

"Of course Kyle," Melissa replied, "could you think of a greater graduation present?" 

- -

I sat in my boxers on the white master bed with Melissa and Emily on one side of me with Regina on the other lubing my prick.

Her warm hand glided effortlessly up and down my slick pole as our tongues played with one another, both my hands squeezing her ripe ass. As she did so, Emily leaned in to kiss me.

I pushed Emily's hair from her neck and began to kiss and suck it, both of us moaning softly. My cock was slowly getting harder in Regina's hand.

Victoria soon walked in, carrying 5 champagne glasses gracefully on a platter. 

"He has a very lovely body doesn't he?" Emily asked as she oiled my chest.

"Very, very lovely." Regina agreed, "I believe we will have a lot of fun with this manhood." She removed her top, revealing the soft, white and heavy breasts, each bearing a hard pink nipple.

"Do you like them Kyle?" Regina asked with a smile, giving a shake to the G cup tits.

"Oh yeah..." I replied as she began to kiss me while I squeezed her ass. I then felt Melissa licking my chest, prodding my nipples with her tongue while Emily kissed my neck and shoulders.

Melissa kissed down to my knob while Regina continued to slowly jerk me off. She then began to lick all around my shaft, playing with my fully loaded sack.

"Leave some of that for us!" Victoria ordered as she went to work on side and Melissa got the other while Regina sucked my head. Emily added to the pleasure while fitting both of my bloated nuts in her mouth.

"You literally taste the manhood emanating from this hard cock!" Melissa exclaimed. 

The 4 then took turns completely sucking my dick, all obvious experts as they slurped, sucked and slobbered all over my shaft and balls. I was in heaven as the 4 hot women smothered me in their racks, blanketing my face in their warm softness.

"I call it first," Regina said, "I'm not leaving until I feel that cock shooting a thick load into me."

I then watched as her shaved and wet pussy slid down gently onto my cock and I groaned as she leaned down to let her fun bags hang over my face.

Without further ado, she began to ride me hard, my cock slipping easily into her. I saw as Melissa watched us intently as Emily was eating out her mother, getting me even harder as Regina rode me harder.

"Holy fuck! You're gigantic!!!!" she yelled with gritted teeth. I reached up to grab her flailing boobs and we kissed hard as I clenched her ass tightly. Victoria came hard, crying out from Emily's tongue.

Regina was right behind her, screaming as her floodgates opened, soaking my cock in her warm fluids. "OH FUCK!! IT FEELS SO GOOD!!"

"You're so fucking tight!" I shouted, feeling her ass squish through my fingers as I squeezed. Her hips hammered harder onto my base, my cock buried completely into her. I again fondled her wonderful breasts, kneading them like dough like as they bounced madly.

As she dismounted breathlessly, Melissa laughed at her friend's exhaustion.

"I'd love to see you try to handle that skyscraper!" Regina retorted, struggling to catch her breath. Melissa smiled and shuffled over as the other 3 watched and she began to stroke me.

In seconds, I was getting one of the best titjobs of my entire life while I tweaked her hard tits. Turning on all fours, Melissa reached between her legs and began to stroke me.

She then spread her pussy lips, attempting to take me in. Suddenly her legs gave out on her and she fell back onto the bed. I couldn't wait any longer and I began to hammer between her legs. 

"Fuck it's so huge!!" Melissa screamed as her tits bounced wildly as I squeezed them, her pussy clenching my cock something fierce. Her tits were beautiful, round and perky.

"Fuck!" I shouted as she wrapped her arms around me, her pussy clamping my prick. She pressed her lips to mine as my balls slapped her ass at a vigorous pace.

"Oh shit! Fuck yes!!" Melissa grunted as I pounded her in missionary, her tits smashed against my chest. She began swivelling her hips to match each of my hard thrusts, my cock coated in her wetness.

I grabbed her her ass and began slamming even harder into her and she screamed out with her eyes at the top of her head while digging her nails into the back of my shoulders .

"I'm cumming!!!!!" Melissa screamed, forcing our faces together as her juices exploded from her cunt, dripping down both of our legs. She tensed throughout her hard orgasm before falling back, my wet cock hanging slightly limp over my knee.

Victoria watched with large eyes while rubbing her clit. Meeting my eyes, she licked her lips while squeezing her juicy tits. Regina was already feasting on Melissa's cunt, lapping away at the juices covering her friend's crotch as Melissa pinched her nipples and sucked her fingers.

"Over here," I ordered Victoria, "clean off my cock."

"Yes daddy," she said, crawling over and slowly taking me into her mouth while gazing into my eyes.

"Oh fuck..." I moaned. Her blowjobs were spectacular as ever. She slurped softly before beginning to suck my sack, paying special attention to each ball.

As she continued, I turned to look at the bedroom door, seeing it had Regina and Melissa's attention as well. Emily stood there, wearing a bright purple strap-on. Before Victoria could turn around, Emily had rammed the artificial cock up her mother's ass.

Victoria yelped and attempted to turn but I forced her face back around and plunged my cock down her throat, my balls rested on her chin before she began to suck me at a face pace.

We were both groaning as Emily pumped the lubed 11-inch cock up her mother's ass, now gripping the bedsheets as her face was pressed into my crotch. Her eyes watered as I fucked her face with the same force Emily was using.

Emily leaned forward and we kissed above her screaming mother, Victoria's teeth tickling my base. But of course, we forgot what a nympho Victoria really was.

She began throwing herself back at Emily, forcing our mouths to separate while grabbing my ass and pulling me faster into her mouth.

"HOLY SHIIIIIIT!!!!!!!" I yelled as my neck muscles tightened, my cock buried in Victoria's stomach. Victoria released me with a wet pop, not slowing down into throwing herself back in the dildo.

Regina and Melissa watched and played with themselves in awe while watching the hot frenzy go down. Victoria then spit on my shaft before fitting the whole length back down her throat.

I was so fucking close, reaching to spank Victoria and Emily's asses, experiencing a terrific blowjob. I yelled out, the tip of my cock swelling as cum bubbled up, filling Victoria's mouth as she swallowed and swallowed. Simultaneously, she came hard on the dildo, her juices spraying out as hard as my own.

Once I was finally drained, I fell back, breathing heavily as the 4 cum sluts kissed and licked each other, sharing my seed. Victoria then mounted me and rode me into another quaking orgasm, screaming as her juices painted my stomach.

I reached up to grope and suck her tits, Victoria bouncing faster and faster before I began to thrust as well, making her cry out.

"Yes baby!" Victoria pleaded as her ass bounced on my thighs, "fuck me hard!!" Her smooth legs rippled softly as I buried my face in her neck, sucking and licking as she moaned audibly.

"Fuck!!" she cried as I began to finger her ass, still loose from the number Emily had inflicted on it. She wrapped her arms around me, my face in her cleavage as she continued to slide up and down, my cock getting wetter and wetter.

I soon felt Emily sucking my balls, giving the occasional lick to Victoria's ass while I finger fucked Regina and Melissa, both kissing me tenderly.

Afterward, Victoria fell off, half-conscious from a shuddering orgasm. I moved between all 4 women, fucking them harder and harder each time. Regina was by far the best, making it feel as my hips cracked each time she came down.

As I feasted on her tits, the other three masturbated to the hot scene. I was a fucking animal, grabbing hard onto Regina's ass as I feasted on her tits.

"Yes!" Victoria cried as Emily ate her out, Melissa simultaneously pumping Emily's ass with the dildo, "you're gonna make me cum!!" 

I wasn't far behind, Regina screaming as her orgasm overtook her and she released me, my cock drained but stiff as wood.

"He doesn't letup does he?" Melissa asked as Victoria and Emily came together.

"Not at all," Emily replied as she gave a lick to my shaft.

Our long teasing was too much. I snaked my arms behind her knees and fold Emily in half. My big cock found her drooling pussy and I drove it in hard in my first push. 

"AARRRGGHHH Kyle!!! It's so deep!!" she screamed. 

"You feel so great Emily. So tight and warm around my cock!l

"Well my pussy is certainly conformed to your cock." She groans. I got into a good rhythm driving my cock into her wet pussy. "Kyle, I am getting close." 

I could only grunt in agreement. I released her legs and her arms wrap around my neck and we began to kiss each other passionately while I took my time with her, thrusting slowly. Our eyes never left each other. 

Emily was the first to speak, "Kyle, you are the very best lover I have ever had!"

I smile reached under her knees and her upper back and slowly picked her up. Emily squealed giddily and said "Be careful, Kyle". 

"I've got you Emily." As I lean close to her ear, I whisper "Do you want me to take control?"

She looked into my eyes and said, "Take control of me, make me your slut Kyle. I'm yours." 

I began to fuck her at a steady pace, the faint tingle in my balls indicating my orgasm wasn't far away. I pumped faster, Emily and I kissing as my balls slapped against her ass.

"Kyle... fuck, I want to talk to you first." Emily whispered as she placed her hands on my chest. I stopped thrusting but remained inside of her with her legs around my waist.

"Kyle, I've stopped taking the pill. And I'm ovulating this month." 

I looked into her eyes and she placed my hand on her stomach. "I want your child Kyle. I want to be your wife and the mother of your kids."

I smiled at the statement, I wanted it too. To spend the rest of my life with her and start a family. Without speaking, I pushed my mouth to hers, the two of us kissing furiously as I began to speed up.

I hammered roughly, fucking her like never before. She began to push back at me, our mouths rarely apart. Emily moaned and wrapped her arms around me, kissing my neck.

Our bodies' clashes filled the room, my cock coated in her cunt juice. It felt as if my cock was getting bigger, ready to fill her with the load of a lifetime. 

"Yes Kyle... Yes Kyle..." Emily whispered with each of my fast thrusts. My hands explored her growing melons, destined to grow even larger once she had our child.

As time progressed, the sex become aggressive almost animalistic and other times, it is loving, gentle and passionate. We were both crying out, Emily's nails digging into my forearm.

"Oh shit Kyle! I'm gonna cum!!!"

I held out as she squirted onto me, crying to the heavens as I sucked and nibbled her hard tits. Her beautiful green eyes stayed locked on mine the whole time, her back arching and her legs locking around my waist.

Despite the intense pleasure I was experiencing, I couldn't cum yet. But it was amazingly difficult, my head buzzing and my balls boiling as her pussy clenched me hard.

My prick was drenched in her juices and my shaft was swollen to insane proportions as my cum production doubled and tripled. Emily pulled me down and I began thrusting again, my mouth locked around the soon-to-be lactating nipple.

"Emily..." I groaned, well beyond even the greatest degree of exhaustion, "I'm about to cum..."

"Do it Kyle!!" she screamed as I wailed on her cunt, "Knock me up!!"

A sharp sting went through my spine as the first thick shot entered her pussy. I grabbed her hips and began to fuck her harder than ever before, both of us crying out together along with our 3 observers, fingering and kissing each other at the same pace to our hot and passionate love-making.

My balls clenched and bounced as I emptied my load into Emily, pounding harder and harder as we continued to kiss. 

"I love you Kyle," she whispered as our sweaty foreheads were pressed together.

"I love you too Emily," I moaned as cum kept firing into her, "and the many, many children we are going to make."

Emily screamed out as she had the biggest cum of her life. My own balls were aching with the force of my hard climax, our juices mixing as they seeped from Emily's pussy.

At long last, I was cumming in Emily the right way. No fertility blocks or down months, just pure unbridled love coming to the fore. Emily flipped me over and began to ride me harder and harder, slamming down on my aching nuts.

I began to cum even more, Emily driving harder until I went flaccid, slipping out of her. I then felt Victoria take me into her mouth and she began to blow me off until I got fully hard again.

Emily smiled as she saw my cock stiff once again and rubbed her finger in the cum oozing from her pussy. 

"Thank you daddy..." she smiled, "I can already feel our child growing."

"I see some other things growing too," I said, groping her soon-to-be growing boobs and sucking them while Emily rubbed my cock between her cunt and my stomach.

I flipped her back over and pinned her to the bed, making her squeal happily as I placed my head back at her wet entrance. I began to fuck her yet again, pumping slowly as she lay beneath me, moaning softly and smiling with affection.

Emily put her hand behind my head and pulled me closer to kiss me. "Don't slow down baby. Give me the hardest fuck ever."

I smiled and spread her legs wider, beginning to immediately pound the life out of her. My cock was buried to the root inside of her as she held her rocking tits.

"Oh god! Oh FUCK!!!" Emily screamed as her pleasure-filled eyes met mine. Her legs wrapped around me as I lowered to dance my tongue with hers. 

I leaned into her neck and moaned into her ear as our bodies slammed together. My cock slid easily in and out of her wet pussy while I gripped her boobs.

"Yes baby!!! Yes!!!" Emily screamed as she matched me thrust for thrust. Her tits bounced faster and faster, my hips pounding into hers. Her legs spread wider as her orgasm gripped her, making her scream as her juices sprayed out.

"Oh fuck!" I grunted as her pussy clenched my cock harder. My eyes met Emily's again, still moaning from her dying orgasm. 

"Yes! It's so fucking good baby!!" Emily cried as I picked up the pace, our bodies joined in some of the filthiest sex ever. I palmed her flailing orbs and began to suck, imagining when they would be filled with milk, ready to feed our child.

And me.

"Yes baby..." Emily whispered, "soon they will be spraying in your mouth as your thick cock hammers my pussy." I bit down on the nipple and fucked her even harder, making her scream loudly.

She smothered me with her tits, my hips seeming to have a mind of their own as I fucked her in a frenzy, our bodies slapping loudly together. 
