 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't already, read Therese & Liz Ch. 01, which is the prequel to this story. 

*

After our unexpected adventure earlier that same morning, I understood Curt being anxious to see Therese and Liz again so it didn't surprise me that he'd showed up at my house a bit early to pick me up. Fortunately, Liz had already called and suggested that we come over whenever we were ready but Curt had already left his house when I called him to relay the message. I was waiting outside when he pulled up, wearing shorts over my swimsuit and hoping that I wouldn't need anything else. I let him know what Liz had said as I hopped in his car and we were parked in their driveway just a few minutes later. I knew they had an in-ground pool in their backyard, but had never actually seen it because it was fenced in and not visible from the street and I'd never been invited to use it before.

Liz had said that it was okay for us to park in the driveway and to just come in through the gate. As we did, my eyes went wide and Liz, seeing my reaction to her bikini, blushed. I don't know if Curt even noticed her, which I didn't believe was possible, but he was distracted by Therese in her high-cut one-piece. A quick glance over at her made it clear why as the high cut of the suit barely left her pussy covered and her nipples were prominent. Still, I was more interested in what Liz was wearing and how she looked even better in the light of day.

"Will you help me with my sunscreen?" Liz asked.

"I would have turned around and left if you'd told me it had already been taken care of," I responded, "I hope you'll take care of me, as well."

"Oh, I'll take care of you all right," she replied, "like you've never been taken care of before."

We started kissing and I could already feel a rise in my swimsuit. I dropped my shorts and shed my t-shirt before reaching for the bottle of sunscreen. I squirted some into my hands and had her turn so I could start on her shoulders. I got her shoulders, arms and back done, then kneeled behind her with her sweet ass right in my face and slathered her legs, spending extra time on her inner thighs with my hands repeatedly brushing against her pussy. When I stood and had her face me, she seemed a little flushed. I kissed her again and delicately coated her face and ears then took care of her neck and chest followed by her stomach.

"One more thing," I said just as it looked like I was done. I untied the string behind her neck and let her top fall away from her boobs, which looked spectacular in the light of day, lightly freckled with light pink areolas and nipples. I massaged the sunscreen all over her tits "in case she decided to go topless." She was moaning and writhing as I did, so I suspected that I'd need to take care of her soon. She took the sunscreen once I was done and, after I'd retied her top, likewise slathered it all over my exposed skin which made me just want to strip us both down and rub our sunscreened bodies together. I was definitely pitching a tent in my swim trunks but didn't think I'd be able to do anything about it right away.

"I need a cold shower," I said just before jumping into the pool, leaving Liz standing there. As I was on my way into the cool water, I realized that Therese was laid out on the diving board and Curt had that narrow strip of swimsuit over her pussy pulled aside and was working her over with his tongue. It occurred to me that maybe we didn't have to worry about doing what we wanted to do just because it was daylight. Liz was in the process of sitting on the edge of the pool as I came up from underwater.

"You didn't have to do that," she said, "No one can see into our yard except in a very few spots, so we can do whatever we want back here. The rest of the family won't be home until late tonight."

"Good," I said swimming over to her, "then I will do what I didn't have the opportunity to last night."

I started kissing my way up her inner thighs, starting at her knees and alternating sides. She parted her thighs wider the closer I got to her pussy and I couldn't wait to see if her lower curls matched her upper ones. I pulled her bottom aside and, despite being in the chilly water, my cock was growing rigid again as I admired her well-groomed, strawberry-blonde bush. I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the abundant nectar that was flowing and causing her to moan. Knowing that we had the time and the freedom, I wanted to bury my face in her pussy and eat her until we were both completely fulfilled. I untied the strings holding the swimsuit bottom together at her hips and pulled the front down to expose her entire pussy as she lay back on the towel she'd brought over with her. I ran my tongue up her slit a few more times, lapping up her juices, then slipped a finger into her and started to lick and suck her clit.

I wondered how well the fence and trees that concealed the pool from the outside would keep the sound of Liz moaning from escaping. She was writhing quite a bit and moaning freely, which was fine with me because it let me know I was doing right by her, but I didn't want the neighbors showing up to check on us or anyone deciding to take a peek over the fence. Of course, I didn't let up at all to try to stave off the loud moans and actually hoped that she'd be moaning just as much when she was riding my cock, which I intended for her to be doing after she'd cum. I glanced up along her body and noted that she was fondling her tits, which aroused me even more as I contemplated doing the very same thing to her. In the meantime, I continued to lick and suck her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her, feeling her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged the longer I did. I could feel her beginning to tense up and, though I wasn't sure I was ready to be done eating her pussy, I was happy that she was experiencing some intense pleasure. I'm sure I could have just continued to eat her once she'd cum, but I was ready to fuck her again and knew there would be additional opportunities to eat her.

When she started cumming, her body started to shake and she released her tits to hold onto my head, as if I wanted to go anywhere. Her pussy was flooded with additional lubrication, which I knew would make fucking her feel even better, if that was even possible. I kept eating her as she came and only raised my head once she'd gone still and had let out a long sigh. As she was recovering, I slipped out of my swimsuit and tossed it up to land beside her. She looked over and, realizing what it was, quickly sat up. I swam toward the shallow end of the pool on my back with my rigid cock nearly sticking out of the water. She watched as I sat on the steps into the pool and gestured for her to join me, then got up and walked quickly over to me. My eyes were locked on her exposed pussy as she approached. She joined me on the steps and straddled me, lowering herself onto my throbbing cock.

I leaned back and guided my cock into her and moaned myself as it was engulfed once again in her hot, wet pussy. My hands were on her hips as she started to ride me but soon moved up to her tits. I fondled them and caressed her hard nipples before reaching behind her to untie her bikini top. I tossed her top aside so that she was fully naked and, after a moment of admiring her bouncing tits, reached up to caress them again. Her hands were resting on my shoulders as she moved up and down on my tool and, once she had her rhythm going, she brought her lips to mine and we started to make out. My hands traveled from her tits around to caress her smooth ass.

I don't know which of us was responsible for gradually increasing our pace or if it was a mutual thing, but we were making waves pretty quickly and it soon became difficult to continue making out. Liz buried her face against my neck as I felt her pussy getting even hotter and wetter the longer she rode me. I glanced beyond her strawberry-blonde curls and noted that Curt and Therese were also naked and fucking by this point. I admired Therese's bouncing titties and trim, light brown bush while her sister rode my throbbing tool. Feeling Liz's hot pussy sliding up and down my shaft while admiring Therese's naked physique had my cock as hard as it could possibly be and my orgasm building. Liz beat me to the punch, though, as she seemed to go into slow motion suddenly and I could feel her body trembling. She moaned softly as she rode out what appeared to be a long, intense orgasm.

When she'd finished cumming and was just sitting on my cock, catching her breath, I picked her up and carried her to the edge of the pool where I could stand while fucking her. It had occurred to me that she'd sat on my lap the previous night while we fucked so I wanted to switch things up while giving myself the opportunity to admire her naked body some more. As she lay back on the concrete, I hooked her legs over my arms and started sliding my cock in and out of her again while looking over her perky tits, hard nipples, smooth stomach and trim, strawberry-blonde bush. She started to caress her hard nipples before dropping a hand down to massage her clit. I didn't know if I'd be able to hold out until she came again but, since she'd already cum twice since I'd arrived, I wasn't going to try. I was not fucking her too hard because I didn't want her sliding on the rough concrete so, consequently, I was savoring the feel of her pussy as I slowly slid my cock in and out of it.

My cock continued to swell the closer I got to cumming until I exploded into Liz with a moan of pleasure. I continued to thrust into her pussy each time I spurted and for as long as I could before I started to go flaccid. Liz did surprise me as I was just about finished by cumming herself with a gasp. I slipped out of her once we were both finished and took her hands, helping her to sit up then having her join me in the water. We swam for a while with Therese and Curt joining us once they were apparently spent for the moment, as well. It was a fantastic day for splashing around in the pool and, by the time we were ready to get out, our fingertips were starting to look like big, pink raisins. Normally there might also be "shrinkage" due to being in the pool, but not with two naked women around. As Liz and I dried each other off, there was no question that we were both aroused and ready to go again.

"I want to suck your cock," she stated as she pumped it in her fist.

I had been just about to ask her if she wanted her pussy licked again so I suggested a sixty-nine on the nearby chaise lounge instead. With the chair positioned flat, I lay down first, my cock sticking straight up, and she straddled my head. As I gazed up at her trim, strawberry-blonde bush, she took my cock in her fist and pumped it again before wrapping her lips around it. I moaned and savored the feel of her hot, wet mouth sliding up and down my tool for a moment before running my tongue along her slit and tasting her pungent nectar. I was running my hands over her smooth ass while I licked her pussy before bringing one hand around and slipping a finger into her juicy pussy. As I slid it slowly in and out, I was licking and sucking her clit and could feel the vibrations of her moans on my cock.

I didn't know at that point where Therese and Curt had gone off to, though I assumed they were indulging each other sexually just as we were. At the moment, I was more focused on the pleasure I was feeling and the opportunity I'd been given to enjoy Liz's pussy. It had been only about twelve hours since I'd first been stunned to find myself in a threesome with Therese and Curt then been nearly floored by the chance to also fuck and get blown by Liz. I don't think I'd fully come to grips with it yet so I was still all about being completely in the moment because it had been one hell of a long and awesome moment.

Liz demonstrated further that she was a talented cocksucker, providing immense levels of pleasure which she was able to draw out significantly. I sensed that I wasn't doing so poorly myself at providing her with a considerable level of pleasure as I felt her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged the longer I ate her. I could feel my orgasm building but was not sure which of us would be cumming first, since I wasn't familiar enough with Liz's orgasmic habits yet. Obviously it was not something I was concerned about, because I knew we'd both ultimately be experiencing highly satisfying orgasms. My dual focus at that point was providing pleasure to her and enjoying the opportunity to lick her juicy pussy; the blowjob, of course, was an added bonus.

It seemed like we were about neck-and-neck as far as approaching orgasm but I wound up exploding into her mouth with a moan of pleasure just before her body started to shake. She was still swallowing down my load as her pussy was flooded with additional lubrication, which I was perfectly content to lap up. I continued to finger and lick her pussy until she let my softening cock fall from her mouth. I dropped my head back onto the chaise and slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth while she climbed off of me. She sat beside me so I sat up and we were kissing again when we heard the back screen door close. We both turned and saw Therese and Curt bringing food out to the nearby table.

"We waited until you were done," Therese said, "because we didn't think you'd care about food until then."

It suddenly occurred to me that I was hungry, so Liz and I got up and helped them get everything set up, then we all sat down and had a naked picnic by the pool. There was no discussion of the activities we'd been up to but I did wonder how they knew when we'd finished if they hadn't been watching us and, if they had been watching us, had they gotten turned on and fucked while doing so. The idea was already bringing the blood flowing back to my tool; that and seeing Therese's and Liz's tits above the tabletop. We did get around to talking about what we'd be doing for the rest of the afternoon. Therese and Curt were planning on another dip in the pool, after waiting a half hour, of course, but Liz had something else in mind.

"I was thinking about hitting the shower," she said, looking at me to gauge my reaction, "Know anyone who might be interested in joining me?"

"In lieu of raising my hand," I replied, "I am in the process of raising something else."

That got a laugh from everyone but, as we continued eating, Liz reached under the table to confirm that I wasn't kidding. We didn't rush through lunch since we were all well satisfied at that point and weren't in a hurry to get ourselves off again. Even once we'd finished eating, we hung out in the shade of the umbrella for a bit before cleaning everything up and putting it all away in the kitchen. From there, Therese and Curt headed back out to the pool while I followed Liz upstairs to the shower. My eyes were on her ass as I followed her up the stairs and remained on it as she leaned into the shower to adjust the water temperature. Once the shower was going, she beckoned for me to follow her as she stepped in.

We took turns under the shower head and, once we were both soaked down, Liz provided both of us with generous handfuls of body wash. We started to lather each other up, each of us focusing on our favorite areas, so that my cock, her tits and her ass were probably the cleanest parts of both of us. By the time we'd rinsed off all of the lather, we were both completely fired up. We dried each other off and I ended up turning Liz to face the mirror and support herself on the bathroom sink. I guided my cock into her hot, slippery pussy from behind, holding her hips as I brought my hips up against her ass. She was watching us in the mirror and I smiled at her as I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her. She slipped a hand back under her, which I assume she put to work massaging her clit. Once I had a good rhythm going, I slipped my own hands up to cup her tits.

Liz had a smile on her face and a faraway look in her eyes, which I attributed to a combination of my cock, her fingers and my hands on her tits. Her pussy was incredibly wet and felt amazing as I slid in and out of it. It occurred to me that this was the first time we'd had sex inside but I suspected that it wouldn't be the last. The shower had been our first real time spent exploring each other's bodies and I knew that I, for one, was planning to spend more time on similar explorations. I wanted to touch and lick and stimulate every square inch of her skin. It seemed hard to believe at that moment that it still hadn't been twenty-four hours since we'd first hooked up.

As I noticed her starting to close her eyes and heard the moans becoming more consistent, I figured she was building up to another orgasm. I straightened up and took her by the hips again, pulling her back against each of my incoming thrusts to give her maximum penetration. The sound of my hips smacking against her ass was echoing off the tile and I was paying more attention to the slight jiggle of her ass each time my hips tapped it. Her moans were getting louder as her pussy was feeling even more slippery while I was relishing the pleasure that I was feeling, as well. She gave a hard push backwards despite me pulling her by the hips and held herself there as I felt shivers coursing through her. She started to move again slowly once her orgasm started to taper off but, when she'd completely finished cumming, she straightened up, my cock slipping out of her.

She turned to kiss me, then took my cock in her hand and led me from the bathroom. Further down the hall, she led me into a bedroom and closed the door behind us. She climbed onto her bed as I admired her ass once again, then lay on her back in the middle with her legs spread. I climbed up and kissed up her inner thighs to her pussy, which I licked a few times before continuing to kiss up her abdomen and over her ribs to her tits. I briefly licked and sucked her hard nipples before bringing my lips to hers as I guided my tool back into her hot, slippery pussy. Supporting myself over her, we made out as I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her again.

Feeling her smooth, warm skin beneath me, I was appreciating out first real opportunity to make love rather than just having sex. This was about more than just achieving pleasure; it was about being close and being together. I had a feeling then that the previous night was going to be the only experience I had with her sister and I was actually quite okay about that. I didn't know that Liz and I were going to fall in love, but I was feeling pretty certain that we were going to be spending a lot of time together that summer. Based on my experiences with her so far, I had a good feeling that it was going to be a hell of a summer.

She was raising her hips with each of my thrusts to accept as much of my shaft as I could give her and I gradually began to increase my pace. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build up again and knew it was going to be incredible. She ended up pulling her mouth from mine and pressing her face against my neck as I fucked her harder and faster. I could hear her moaning and murmuring but I wasn't expecting to be able to hold out long enough for her to cum again. I was hoping the orgasm in the bathroom and the closeness between us when I came was going to be enough to make her happy until I was ready to go again. My cock was swelling even more the closer I got to cumming and, despite my desire to slow it down and draw the pleasure out even longer, I had the bed squeaking and shaking.
