 Poor Theresa, just divorced, cute and sweet. I had to take pity on her, but not in a pitiful way. I suppose I guessed that her slightly meek nature was by choice rather than nature, as if she chose to be that way because she could make something of it. She was quite short, but she had this amazing smile that made her look ten feet tall – maybe other people didn't notice it, but I did.

So when I found out she was getting divorced (even though, having met her husband, I thought she was doing the right thing) I felt I should at least tell her that I was there if needed. We had always shared a laugh, and although she was closer to other people we worked with, they didn't seem to know how to approach her when they found out.

So while I wasn't disappointed, I was slightly surprised when Theresa rang me up and asked if she could buy me a drink, she just needed to let off some steam. I'm not scared of cautious ale and a bit of a night out, so I asked her what she had in mind. She told me she wanted to try out a new bar and grill in town...I'd heard of it, and had been planning to get there myself, so it was perfect.

And so was Theresa. I turned up in my casual gear, and there was Theresa, all dolled up. She looked classy – her legs, almost never seen at work, were shapely, and stretched a lot further north than I thought they would. Her deep blue skirt was short, but not obscenely so, and complemented by a matching jacket. She wore black stockings and high heels, once again noticeably sexy but not overstated. All in all, the package was much more outgoing than I would have expected. 

And as for Theresa herself – her gorgeous blonde hair was just that – gorgeous. She'd always had it tied back at work, but not here. It flowed down to her shoulders, and looked fabulous against her dark clothing. The dark blue of her jacket also set off her eyes – not pale blue, not deep blue, just...blue.

I didn't make a fuss, but insisted on complimenting her on her appearance. She tried to brush it off, but it was clear she was pleased by it, so I insisted on making her accept my praise. Demurely, but with a suddenly raised eyebrow, she thanked me, and said she was happy that I appreciated the effort she had put in on my behalf.

The dinner was nice – good food, good wine, good conversation. There was even some flirting. Work relationships are discouraged; we have a few problems with "improper suggestions" and "inappropriate use of the internet"; I'm happy to enjoy such things, but plenty aren't, and I respect that. So, no naughty chat or girly pics in our office, and everybody minds their p's and q's.

So the flirting was minimal at first...but it got sillier and more suggestive as we got in to bottle of wine number two (after several drinks before them). It was mainly about people in the restaurant, and started by me when I ventured that a couple across the room probably weren't married because they were having too much fun. I'd apologised immediately, having forgotten Theresa impending divorce, but she laughed it off and said it must be so, she hadn't had as much fun as they seemed to be having in, well...ever!

The couple were getting quite intimate, and Theresa, who could see them clearly while appearing to be looking at me, gave me a blow by blow description of their activities. When she told me that he was looking down at her cleavage, I didn't believe her and surreptitiously flipped about for a look. And yep, he was staring at her breasts. Only when I said that, Theresa corrected me.

"They're not breasts baby, they're honest to god tits. Real hooters."

I agreed, apologised, and promised to be more forthright with my descriptions of women's body parts as the evening progressed. 

Which is why, when Theresa got up to go to the bathroom, I felt quite comfortable, given my slightly inebriated state, commenting on her appearance.

"Damn, but your ass is as hot as your tits."

I was sure she would take a swing at me or just walk out, but she just smiled, and sashayed away, with just one parting comment.

"Took you long enough to notice!!."

When she returned, I decided that we shouldn't beat about the bush any more.

So, are the niceties over? I really only accepted your invitation because I thought you could do with the company. But as soon as I saw you, I have to admit, I started thinking about other possibilities. And the more we drank and talked, the more I started to think "why not". So – why not?"

She looked me in the eye, and replied.

"Sweetie, I've been waiting for a man, any man, to say that to me. My husband didn't have the balls to talk to me about such things. At best he'd swing a leg over once in a while, do his thing, and roll back over. Well, I put up with his shit for too long; there are things I feel, that I want to try. He wasn't the man...I sure hope you are. That's why I invited you – because you have got the balls, to ask for, hell, to take – what's on offer."

I was extremely excited by this; I like women who are sexually aggressive – not too aggressive, but there's no reason they shouldn't be asking for and demanding the same thing that men have been asking for since time began.

"One day, I'm gonna do everything to you that is currently running through my head. But tonight is for you – you're the one who got the ball rolling, you're the one whose desires have been sadly neglected. Tonight, if it is in my power – you can have it."

She looked at me, half sheepishly, and half excitedly.

"I don't really know exactly what I want, and I certainly don't know how to ask for it. I suppose you wouldn't be interested in helping me?"

"I'd be delighted, but just remember, don't go saying you want to do something because you think it might be something I like, and certainly, don't leave anything out just because you think it might be something I dislike. If this is going to be your night, then you are going to have be strong enough to go for it – because it certainly won't come looking for you."

Actually, as I looked at her, and how damn hot she looked, I was wondering whether it hadn't already seen her and was getting ready to chat her up now...but I wasn't about to confuse the issue. Just let her be, help her as much as I can, don't think about what I would do next – that was my game plan.

We paid the dinner bill – I was certainly in no hurry, and I was hoping Theresa wasn't. My guess was she would take some time to come out of her shell. So we went up to the bar, and grabbed a bar stool each. She had to hoist herself up on the stool, offering me a nice view of her legs. She noticed me looking.

"Do you like my legs?"

"Do you like me looking?" I replied.

That seemed to do the trick. A sort of dreamy look came over her face. Suddenly I had it. The shy girl, always in baggy clothes at work, little or no make up, hair in a bun – all of a sudden, she has been unchained. No husband, a suitable chaperone to take her out and assist her with her needs.

"I think that's it. You like to be looked at, don't you? My guess if you have wanted to be watched, ogled if you like, for a long time. What excites you – that men want you, or that you can have them?"

"I don't want to have them...I want them to have me."

So that was it. She wanted to be used...probably as a result of being exploited by her husband, she had the feeling that she was worth nothing more. And yet she hadn't even been able to get satisfaction from being exploited. It was sad, but it was something that we could do something about. First, let her blow off some steam, then slowly help her realise that there was more available out there for her to enjoy. It would be time for her to stop thinking that she had to provide all the fun...but not tonight, I guessed.

"OK – but before I help you, there are a few rules. No going off with strange men to dark car parks and dingy motel rooms. There are plenty of fun people out there, but there are some sickos. You got to promise me Theresa, you will let me look after you tonight."

She nodded her head.

"Secondly, no taking any unknown substances, or accepting drinks from strange men that might be spiked."

Once again, she nodded.

"And third, please lift your skirt up so I can see what's underneath."

She looked a bit shocked by my non sequitur, and didn't act.

"If you don't want to play, that's fine, but I can guarantee you that plenty of men are going to expect a heck of a lot more from you than just that."

She nodded her head, and slowly, seductively, lifted the hem of her skirt up her legs. Lace topped stockings, naked thigh, black satin high cut panties – absolutely delightful – and I told her so.

"God, I felt so weird getting dressed up like this...I had to go out and buy the stuff today, and it took me five attempts just to have the guts to look at stockings. I was going to buy a suspender belt, but I couldn't do it, so I just grabbed the stay-ups. I couldn't look the sales girl in the eye, it was just so embarrassing."

"Theresa, don't you ever imagine that wanting to get yourself a little pleasure is something you should be embarrassed about...I know it's a foreign concept to you after what you've been through, but you'll get over it. Start getting a little ballsy, you'll have just as much fun, and have far less trouble along the way."

She smiled at me, and looked almost longingly. I think she was contemplating giving up on her fantasy and just trying to take me home. I was seriously thinking about it. But I knew that I wasn't the right guy for her long term, and I suppose she might have suddenly become attached given her fragility. Nope, best to at least try to help her break the mould.

"Are you prepared to do something a little outrageous, to get things started?"

She nodded.

"OK, that couple we were looking at before – I want you to go over, say hello, and tell them that their openness and sensuality is helping you overcome a repressed sexual fear, and that you are very thankful for that. And tell them that you find him attractive, and ask her where you can find one like that."

Once again, I thought she was going to back out. At least, that's what her face told me at first. But then I saw her eyes change their focus – she grabbed her drink off the bar. Downed it, grabbed mine, and set off across the room to the young couple in the back corner. This should be interesting, I thought.

I watched Theresa saunter over. The alcohol made her ever so slightly unsteady on her feet, but it was also clear that it was giving her some added bravado. As I looked up, I realised her intended targets were watching her too – they were the only people left in that part of the room, so it was pretty clear that she was heading their way.

She sat down at their table, and I saw her shaking hands with each other. She pointed back towards me – I waved back to acknowledge their waves – and then continued talking to her. Whatever she was saying, it seemed they were enjoying it, smiling and smirking. Shortly, the girl got up and walked over towards me. She took what had been Theresa's seat, and introduced herself as Cindy.

"Your girlfriend was keen to give my Dan a show, but she looked a little self-conscious, so I thought I'd come over and see you and give her a little space."

"She's not actually my girlfriend, but thanks for being so understanding...she needs all the confidence boosting she can get. You don't mind a strange girl just coming up and asking if she can flash your boyfriend?".

"Well, normally I mightn't like it too much, but we saw you checking us out and we wondered what your story was. And anyway, Dan likes a little flashing, and it'll only make him hornier for when we get home."

We turned to watch them. Theresa already had her skirt raised enough that Dan would obviously have a good view. He gave the thumbs up across the room to Cindy.

"Ooooh, stockings, Dan loves stockings."

I looked at her, and down to her skirt. She nodded her head, and flipped her hem just enough for me to catch the top of hers...obviously with suspenders, something she was only too happy to confirm when I asked.

As we watched, we noticed that Theresa was getting quite bold; her skirt was getting up around her waist – either she was hoping nobody else was watching, or she just didn't care!! And when she started to slide her panties down her thighs, both Cindy and I exclaimed out loud, something like "go for it."

But before anything got too out of hand, the door swung open, and a group of seven or eight came in. Theresa quickly redressed, and soon enough Cindy and Theresa had swapped back to their normal places.

I asked Theresa how it had felt – the look on her face was more eloquent than any words. She looked like she was in paradise. And things could only get better from here.

I asked her about pulling down her panties, why she had done it.

"Because he wanted to see my pussy, simple as that. And I wanted to show it to him. I wanted him to watch-fuck me – to look at me as if he was penetrating me. I could feel his eyes sliding in to my cunt, and it felt divine."

"And what about his girlfriend, I mean, she was sitting over here watching you flash her boyfriend. Did you wonder about what she was thinking, and whether she would suddenly lose the plot."

"Sort of – except he was telling me she'd be sad to miss the show."

"And how did that make you feel, knowing that a woman wanted to watch your strip show?".

"Depends, would it turn you on if I stripped for her instead?"

"Sure – but this is your night, not mine. We have plenty of time for other games if we make it through tonight. Let's go, and see what else we can get up to."

We headed out in to the night, and grabbed a cab towards the part of town with the best bars and such – the seedy end of town. We pulled up at a set of lights, and I told the driver this would be fine. I got out, and gestured for Theresa to slide over and out the same door. As she did so, her skirt rode up and I got a lovely view. She realised what was happening, but did nothing to remedy the situation.

"See, you don't have to pull your skirt up, there are so many ways you can be more subtle about it – not that you shouldn't pull your skirt up once in a while. Anyway, we need to help you get over your shyness – so let's go shopping."

As I mentioned, it was the seedy side of town, and we were outside one of the largest sex shops in town. We strolled in, Theresa displaying a lot more confidence than she must have shown when she went lingerie shopping earlier. 

We wandered up and down the aisles, looking at toys, lingerie and other sexy outfits, magazines, movies and a vast array of adult paraphernalia. The shop had a few people in it, several couples, one single woman looking about very warily, and several "dirty old men" of varying ages. We could hear a bit of noise coming from what was obviously a back room of some sort, and shortly a guy around thirty wandered out. I looked enquiringly, and he told us that it was a bachelor party, and they had hired the room for the night, complete with pornos and a stripper, who had just completed her show.

"How was she?" asked Theresa.

"Oh, cute and a great bod, but she wouldn't put out any for the boys, not even the man of the moment. Heck, there's only 7 of us, she looked like she coulda taken the lot of us".

"Seven – yeah. I do that before breakfast most days" replied Theresa.

The guy looked at her, and at me. I just shrugged my shoulders and told him to talk to Theresa. And so he invited her in, and she took me with her.

The room was dark, and had several couches. The guys were lounging around, watching porn and drinking beer. They looked like a reasonably decent bunch – not drunken loud-mouth yobbos, just a good bunch of regular guys letting their hair down.

They didn't turn to look who was coming in, obviously they assumed it was their buddy. So it took a couple of seconds before they started to realise that something was up.

Theresa paraded her way between the seats, and easily located the buck. He was probably the youngest of the lot, only mid twenties at most, and seemingly in pretty good shape. Theresa obviously felt pretty comfortable with the scene, and she sat down next to him, pushing one of the other guys out of the way. I sat at the back, away from the rest of the group...I felt like a bouncer at a bar, watching to make sure things didn't get out of hand. Well, I suppose things were going to get out of hand, but I had to make sure the limits weren't exceeded.

Theresa was leaning seductively towards the young man, letting her jacket drape open for a nice view of her cleavage. He stared out it quite openly, and she obliged his unspoken request by undoing the tow buttons that held it together at the front. It draped open, exposing her sexy black bra, and her lean stomach. She had learnt the lesson of the cab seat, and was sliding slowly forward, so that her stocking tops were visible.

She could obviously sense the other men around her, and gave them a "gather round and watch" look, which they all quickly did.

"Now, I hear you had a stripper in, but she wouldn't look after you properly. Well, I think that's just downright rude. I mean, this boy is getting married soon, he really deserves some serious action, doesn't he? And for being such good friends, you were probably thinking you deserve something for yourselves. Fortunately, there are some women who recognise that there is a time to be reserved, refined, call it what you want, and there are times when you really should just look after the men around you. I'm that sort of woman".

With that, she stood, and seductively allowed her jacket to drop from her shoulders. Her tits (they were certainly tits!!) stood up proudly in the sexy lacy encasement, and her trim waist and tight, petite body looked ever so alluring. Next, she started to slowly undo the zip on her skirt, reaching the bottom in a teasingly slow time. A quick shimmy, and it dropped to the floor. She picked up both her items of clothing, and brought them over to me, before heading back to her waiting audience.

'Don't you think it's disgusting of me, getting all undressed and feeling so aroused in from of a group of complete strangers. I mean, how naughty am I, how cheap and nasty. Maybe I shouldn't be doing this, what do you think?"

The guy who had first invited Theresa in picked it up first.

"Yes, you're a filthy girl, but you'll just have to do it because we insist. You might think you're a nice girl, but we know you're not, and you'll do as you're told from now on."

Theresa flushed with excitement.

"Do I have to? I don't want you to think I'm a slut, that I just want to be fucked by strange men, that I'm going to let you fill my cunt with your hot sticky cum. I'm sure I'm not that sort of girl."

Each of the guys made a comment, all of them based around how they had no doubt that Theresa was the filthy slut she denied being, how she should stop whinging and get on with doing what she had to do. There were lots of suggestions at first, but soon it came down to just one. Theresa was ordered to suck the buck's cock.

She protested, but the instructions were clear, and so she leant over him, sticking her arse in the air so that everybody got a good look, and started to unzip her quarry's pants. Her hands snuck in to his underwear, and soon his long cock sprung free, just inches from her lips. To the various cry of "suck him, slut" and "eat his meat, whore", she descended on his hard cock, taking him deep in to her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down as she hungrily devoured him. The cries died down for a moment, but as soon as she surfaced and once again tried to protest her innocence, they began again with added vigour. 

To add to the scene, the young buck stood up – with Theresa kneeling in front of him, he started to fuck her mouth, sliding his cock in and out as she tried to handle the length filling her mouth and in to her throat. She was doing a commendable job, and before too long, it was clear that she was going to win the battle...his arse tensed up, and after a particularly deep thrust in to her face, he pulled his cock, and furiously jerked it as his cum came spurting out, all over Theresa's face, neck, and tits.
