 Kieran awoke with black hairs matted across his face. He spluttered and peeled them away with his left hand. Emily was still asleep on his right, her forehead nuzzled into the warmth of his neck. He smoothed her hairs back over her head and glanced over at the hotel room clock. It was still early. There was light in the sky, but things wouldn't be livening up until it darkened again anyway. He kissed Emily lightly and closed his eyes to join her in sleep.

When he woke again Emily was in the shower. He looked at the clock, which now read 11:30. Tossing the bedcovers aside he stretched and ambled over to the open bathroom door. Emily didn't hear him come in and continued singing Hollaback Girl to herself. Kieran leaned against the sink for a while, grinning. Then, with just a touch of guilt, he whipped back the shower curtain.

"Jesus!" Emily jumped.

"No, it's just me. Room for one more?"

"Not after that, you jerk!" she answered, smacking him.

"Okay, okay. No need to go bananas B-A-N-A-N-A-S."

"You heard that!? Oh you are so going to get it."

Kieran laughed and rushed out of the bathroom. Emily leapt out of the shower and chased after him, tackling him on the bed. She held his wrists pinned by his head as she straddled him, her wet hair dripping water onto his face.

"What do you say?"

"You left the shower running."

She shook her head, spraying more cold water on him. "Wrong answer. What do you fucking say, bitch?"

He gave an exaggerated sigh, "Alright... I'm sorry."

She released one wrist long enough to slap him. "Say it like you mean it."

"Ow! Okay, I'm sorry."

"And...?"

"And if I want to fuck you I'll be sure not to scare you first."

"Good. Well, I think our first fight went well. How about some make up sex?"

He tried to maintain a stern face, but when her only reaction was to smile knowingly he cracked. "God I hate you."

"I know you do."

She leaned forward and kissed him, diving her tongue through his lips. The water that soaked her from head to toe was quickly evaporating, leaving goosebumps up and down her naked body. She barely noticed. The fire was growing in her again. It was growing in both of them. But for Kieran it was quickly extinguished.

"Okay, that's it," he said. "You're dripping all over me."

"You're not kidding."

"As funny and sexy as that is, you're cold and wet. It's the cold I have a problem with. Do you still need the shower or can I get in?"

"You can use it. But you better make me cum before the day is up."

"With gusto."

When they were both dressed they left the hotel and took tram 5 to Leidseplein to get lunch. They had a pleasant meal in a Thai restaurant over which they debated whether Jeremy Sisto or Clive Owen was sexier and who they would cast in a screen adaptation of Preacher, as well as discussing their plans for the evening.

Afterwards they browsed around the shops in the area, making their way north towards the central station. Kieran was still living high off the advance for his first novel and treated them both to new sets of clothing. They had soon neared the hotel and stopped to drop off their old clothes before continuing on to dinner.

By the time dinner had finished it was dark, and upon exiting the restaurant it was not long before they were passing windows illuminated in the infamous red glow that gave the area its name. They eyed several girls, white bra and panties lit blue under black light.

"Huh," Emily shrugged. "I always figured these Red Light District girls would be more attractive than this."

"Yeah, there's a lot of butterfaces. I guess the body's more important to the profession."

"I guess so. Let's keep looking."

"Okay. Let me know if you see a girl you like."

They had only gone a few steps before Emily stopped and spoke again.

"Isn't this really exploitative? We're picking out women like I was picking out shoes."

"Would it really be that different if we were trying to pick someone up in a bar?" Kieran asked. "The selection process would be essentially the same and would take a lot more effort to convince her to go along. At least this way we're helping some young lady earn a living."

"Well, you're right but--"

"No, no. The second two words were plenty."

Emily narrowed her eyes at him. She might have argued further but the point had been made and she was horny as hell. The more she thought about the experience to come, the more excited she felt. Whatever preconceptions either of them had, they were both sure the sex would be worth it so they continued on, looking in the red-lit windows.

After a time they were passing down one of the less crowded streets when Emily stopped them again.

"What do you think of her?" she said, indicating her suggestion with a nod.

Following her gaze Kieran saw the gorgeous Asian girl who had caught Emily's eye. Long legs rose up to impeccable thighs that curved through sultry hips into an unblemished midriff and lead inexorably to a stunning pair of breasts barely contained by her C-cup.

Kieran thought to himself, 'Damn. If I wasn't so irrevocably in love with Emily I know who my second choice would be.'

"I think we should see other people. I'm going to start with her."

"Shut up. Besides, I saw her first so I'd get first dibs."

"Now who's being exploitative?"

"You are infuriating, you know that?"

"Yes. And it turns you on, doesn't it?"

"Yes. So come on, let's go talk to her."

They walked over to the young lady's door. She opened it and stood seductively in the doorway.

"Hi. My name is Mai. Do you want to have some fun?"

She directed the question to Kieran so he answered her. "Yes we do."

"I can give you suck and fuck. That's 65 euro. She can watch for free."

"I think she wants to do more than watch."

"She want to touch you, that's fine. She want to touch me, that's extra."

"How about 150 euros? Can you eat her pussy while I fuck you?"

"250 euro and we can do anything you want."

"Deal."

They stepped inside as she closed the door and drew the curtain.

"We have one hour," Mai stated. "You can put your clothes over there."

She pointed to a shelf on one side of the room before unhooking her bra and letting it drop to the floor. Her breasts were surprisingly firm for their size and hardly needed the bra to keep them up. Kieran paused a moment to admire them, feeling an erection coming on, before undressing himself.

Emily had slipped her clothes off quickly and now walked over to Mai, stepping behind her and reaching around to fondle her tits. Mai arched her head back while Emily kissed her neck and pinched her nipples as her hands closed over her chest. Kieran had grabbed a condom from the shelf and put it on, in no fear of losing his hard on with the sights before him.

Meanwhile Emily had slid a hand under Mai's panties and was gliding fingers over her slit, making the clitoris swell. Kieran came up behind Emily and did likewise. When her juices were sufficiently flowing he inserted a finger, massaging her clit with his thumb. Emily mirrored his actions and both women moaned. He bent Emily forward for better access to her pussy and she again did the same to Mai, taking the opportunity to pull Mai's panties off her hips and let them slide down her legs. Kieran was now using two fingers, going deep inside Emily to stimulate her G-spot. Her knees went weak as pleasure washed over her and she passed the sensations on to the next link in the chain. Mai cried out and her body shook. Emily's hand was soaked with her fluids. She put her fingers to her mouth, tasting the fruits of her labours as Kieran brought her to orgasm as well. She sighed and collapsed on the bed, breathing heavily.

"Mai, can you come here and suck me for a bit? I think Emily needs a rest before we move on to the main course."

She walked over and dropped down in front of him. "You want I use my tits?"

"Sure, that'd be great."

She took his dick deep in her mouth, coating it in saliva before raising her chest up and pressing her large, round breasts around it. She slid the stiffened cock back and forth within her cleavage. When it reached her mouth on her downstroke she put her lips around the tip and quickly sucked before pulling her tits up its length again.

"Don't you make him cum yet," Emily warned as she sat up on the bed. "I'm ready to go again and I don't feel like waiting."

Kieran smiled. "You insatiable little tart."

He led Mai over to the bed and laid her down on it. Then he grabbed Emily and kissed her hard. His tongue explored the inside of her mouth while she pressed against him, feeling the heat of his cock as a line of fire against her stomach. He moved his right hand between them and squeezed her breast lovingly. He then caressed her down to her hips and slipped the hand between her legs. She was wet again. His hand moved very slowly back and forth, rubbing the whole area of her pussy, and he broke their kiss to whisper in her ear.

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

She sighed pleasurably, "Yes."

"Do you want my cock inside you?"

She moaned deeper, "Yes."

"Do you want to feel me filling your tight, wet cunt?"

She cried out, "Yes!"

"That's too bad, cause I'm going to fuck her."

"What!?"

Kieran stepped over to Mai who had been watching the, playing with her pussy to keep it moist. He pulled her legs to the edge of the bed and she spread for him. With the head of his cock he rubbed her labia before his hips pushed and he entered her. She wasn't as tight as Emily. This came as no surprise and Kieran figured it was a good thing. He wouldn't cum as quickly so he'd be able to keep up the tease for a while before giving Emily what she wanted.

The jealousy sparked by seeing Kieran fucking another woman excited Emily in a way she had never known before. She watch enviously as Mai's tits shook with each of Kieran's thrusts.

"God those are magnificent breasts," she remarked.

"Will you suck on them?" Mai asked.

With a nod Emily bent down and put her mouth to one of the nipples. She sucked on it and traced circles around the areola with her tongue. Tasting this other woman got her hotter than she would have imagined and made her desire more intense stimulation. She loved the way Kieran's beard tickled her inner thighs when he went down on her, but she often wondered what a softer, smoother face would feel like buried in her sex. She was kneeling just about Mai's head and she looked down at her.

"I want you to eat my pussy now."

She nodded and Emily inched her knees up to Mai's shoulders. As Mai's tongue played over Emily's lower lips Kieran reached over and pulled her forward to put his tongue between the others. They kept this fucking, licking, kissing triangle going for a while with Emily reaching down and fingering Mai's clit as Kieran thrust in and out. This quickly brought Mai to another orgasm which caused her inner muscles to contract around Kieran's cock. He ceased his thrusts and struggled not to cum right then and there. Emily sensed this and though she thoroughly enjoyed Mai's tongue lapping at her cunt, she craved penetration. Besides, a change of position would allow her to return the favour: another new experience for her.

Mai moved to the head of the bed and sat with her legs splayed, pussy still dripping. Emily got on her hands and knees and lowered her face toward the moistened aperture. As she tasted the results of Mai's most recent sexual satisfaction, Kieran climbed onto the bed and entered her from behind.

Emily moaned. This is what she really wanted. She didn't regret experimenting with a second woman but now, with Kieran filling her to the fullest extent, she realized this was all she needed. He was all it would take to please her. She wouldn't trade him for anyone else in the world.

Each slap of Kieran's thighs against her ass pressed her more firmly into Mai's flesh. She had moved up from the spread legs to the taut abdomen to the voluptuous breasts and was sucking greedily at the nipples, loving the salt and sweet of her. Within moments the repeated pressure of Kieran's cock against her G-spot had her cumming like never before. Her neck shot back involuntarily as she shrieked in ecstasy.

"Yes! Yes! Oh fuck yes!"

"Emily," Kieran groaned. "I can't hold back anymore."

Emily looked up into Mai's green eyes.

"Finish on her tits," she replied. "I want to see them covered with your cum."

Kieran withdrew slowly and pulled off the condom as Mai moved to sit on the edge of the bed. He began to stroke himself but Emily interrupted.

"Here. Let me."

She spread his pre-cum over the shaft for lubrication before sliding her hand repeatedly from base to tip. Mai folded her arms beneath her breasts and pushed them up. The sight of this was too much for Kieran and he came. Hot white spurts burst from him, splashing across the perfectly formed curves of Mai's tits.

With the last convulsions of Kieran's orgasm they all three collapsed to the bed, utterly spent. For Emily and Kieran it had been a unique and thrilling evening. For Mai it had been and interesting and enjoyable day at work. Whether once in a lifetime or merely out of the ordinary it was an evening none of them would soon forget.