 So their I was getting head from Stacey while getting a rim job from my girlfriend Jackie. The girls were not done yet with their competition. They both knew how I loved dirty talk during sex and of course the dirtier the better. Stacey was looking into my eyes then took her mouth off my cock. She told me "I love the way your big dick feels in my mouth." Well Jackie would not be out done and took her tongue out of my ass and placed her arm around my waist to grab my cock. She then placed it into Stacey's mouth. Jackie then said "I love holding you dick while another slut sucks it and I taste your ass." The situation along with the dirty talk has not has me ready to cum. The girls feel my balls tighten up and back off. The competition is not done yet. 

They both stand up and push me on the bed with my 7" cock standing strait up. They look and me naked and hard. Then Stacey, who feels she is loosing since she didn't give me a rim job, cups Jackie's face and gives her a deep kiss. This is the first time I've seen women kiss in real life. I love it. Jackie is not to be out done and reaches up to touch Stacey's tits. Jackie grabs the whole tit then starts to concentrate on the nipple. Well Stacey will not be outdone and starts to finger Jackie's cunt. This is the greatest think I've ever seen.

Well Jackie once again raised the stakes. She places Stacey on my chest and spreads her legs. Jackie then places herself above my face and leans down to eat Stacey out. One I have never known that Jackie liked women and two I have never seen a girl eat another in real life. I am watching this close to my face while I suck on Jackie's tits. It doesn't take long until Stacey cums in Jackie's mouth. Then Stacey grabs Jackie's hair and brings her up to her lips. She kisses her tasting her own cum. Then Stacey raises the stakes.

Stacey flips Jackie on to her back. She starts to lick her pussy. After a couple of seconds she looks back at me and says "Fuck me while I lick your slutty little girlfriend's cunt." Well I cannot refuse an offer like that. So I stick my cock in her dripping wet pussy. I must admit at this time I was playing a game. I was trying to fuck her so good and hard that she was forced to take her mouth off my girlfriends cunt to moan. I did win with my game several times during the doggy style fucking. Jackie makes sure I don't forget about her by saying how great it is to be tongue fucked by another girl and how hot it is to see me fuck another girl. I am loving this display.

I know what most of the guys reading this are thinking. With such a hot encounter going on how have you not cum already. Well I would like to say I'm a stud and can totally control when I cum. The truth is that would would have cum a long time ago if it wasn't for my medication. I was place on medication and had a sexual side effect. It now takes me a long time to cum and most women cannot make me cum. Well enough of the background let me tell you what happened next.

Jackie says it's her turn and wiggles out of Stacey's tongue. She then slams Stacey on her back. Well since I've seen this before I get behind my girlfriend to fuck her. Jackie user her hands to pull out Stacey's pussy lips. I watch this while I fuck Jackie from behind. After she makes Stacey cum once her hands leave Stacey's cunt. She then reaches back and spreads her ass cheeks. Then tells me to fuck her ass for the first time.

I pull my wet cock out of her pussy and get ready to take her anal virginity. It takes some time, but I get the head of my dick into her ass. I slowly move my cock in her ass deeper not wanting to hurt her. I am finally all the way in her ass and she licks Stacey while playing with her clit. Now this is the hottest thing I've ever seen. Then Stacey pulls Jackie into her cunt and sits up. Stacey watches intently while my dick goes in and out of Jackie's ass. After a while Stacey wants more.

She leaves her place on the bed and sits on her knees next to me. She watches for awhile. Then she grabs my cock and pulls it out of Jackie. She then sucks my hard cock into her mouth. After she licks off all the juices she tells me how good my cock and Jackie's ass tastes. Stacey then lays down and pulls her legs to her tits. She tells me to take her anal virginity too. I must do what I'm told.

I slowly stick it into her ass and work my cock all the way in until my balls are slapping her ass. Once I'm all the way in Jackie pushes me to stay imbedded in Stacey's ass. While I'm stuck all the way in Stacey's ass Jackie gives my another rim job. This does not last long as Stacey asks Jackie to sit on her face. Now I'm in her ass and watching as she licks my girlfriend's pussy. My girlfriend reaches over to kiss my deeply and play with Stacey's clit. Finally I am ready to cum.

They both pull me to the side of the bed and sit up on their knees. While I jerk my cock to cum the tell me how much they want my cum on their face, tits, and hair. I start cumming on them. This is of course the biggest cum I've ever had. I try to spread it between them. They are both fingering their pussies while I cum on their face, tits, and hair. When I am done they clean each other of my cum and then clean my cock. I must say that was the best day of my life.