 I had been working back to back shifts for three weeks. I felt burnt out to the point I was ready to fall down. I had time coming to me and decided to take it. I scheduled my time off during the hockey playoffs. I was looking forward to some alone time to relax and had thought ahead to get the proper munchies and beverage. 

I did not leave my apartment for three days. I had all I needed for peace and quiet, aside for the volume of the hockey games of which worked well for me. On the fourth day I ventured out to run some errands and do some grocery shopping, I needed to re-supply. 

Thursday night was a two game series that I did not want to miss. I was feeling good by the end of the second period of the first game, my team was ahead. That was when there came a knock at my door. Being it was between periods I was not pissed, just annoyed. When I opened the door I was surprised to see two women standing there, a brunette which stood closer to the door and a blonde behind her, the brunette did all the talking. 

"Sorry to bother you, but do you know where Katie lives, we're her friends." 

I told them that Katie had moved the weekend before and I did not have her new address.

The brunette then asked, "If we can't find Katie can we come back here to party?"

I played along knowing she was joking, "Well yes, if you like to watch hockey and you bring something to drink."

"Ok, if we can't find Katie we will be back." 

As they walked away I took notice of their tight asses in their skimpy shorts, very sexy.

The first game ended in overtime and my team had won which set me in a good mood. The second game was joined in progress. By the end of the first period I had forgotten about the girls and was feeling the buzz. I headed up to the bathroom to drain one off when I heard a knock on my door. I quickly finished washed and went to the door. Opening it up I was surprised to see the girls standing there with two twelve packs and what looked like a bottle in a bag and a bag of ice. 

The brunette was again the one to speak up, "we tried to call Katie to get directions to her new place but there was no answer, so we decide to come back to party with you if that's ok." 

Opening the door wider I invited them in saying, "welcome!" 

They stepped in pass me and I caught their scent of perfume, it was quite nice. They set the beer down and introduced themselves. The brunette was Stacy and the blond was Gina, both were very sexy and had hot shorts and a loose tops on, but I could still see they had good sized tits. 

Stacy asked, "Do you have a cooler we could use for our beer?"

I pulled one from the closet that I use for outings, telling the girl to make themselves at home. They filled the cooler with the beer they had brought as well as the bottle I did not see what it was as they stuffed it into the chest of ice.

The second period was about to start, the blond spoke up for the first time, "So who's playing?" "Sharks and Avalanche," I replied. 

The girls spoke at the same time, "We love Colorado, what's the score?" 

I told them it was the end of the first and no score. They whispered to each other then Stacy asked, "Do you want to put a wager on the game?"

"What's the stakes?" I asked. 

They whispered to each other again while giggling then Gina said, "The loser has to do a strip tease!" 

They could see the shocked look on my face, but I had just enough of a buzz to feel confident and agreed to the bet, we all three shook on it. That was when Stacy pulled a large bottle of Captain Morgan out of the cooler and said, "Time for shots!" 

I went to the kitchen and got us three shot glasses, we did the shots just before the second period started. 

The girls were into the game as much as I was and it made for a very exiting game as we downed several more beers and another round of shots during the TV break. By the end of the second period there was still no goal, even though it was a good battle. 

During the break we chatted getting to know more about each other. They told me that they had seen me before when they were visiting Katie last summer even though I did not remember seeing them and I know I would have not forgotten them! 

The third period of the game was starting while we were in the kitchen doing shots. By now all three of us were feeling a pretty good buzz and Gina had the giggles, before leaving the kitchen she turned and kissed Stacy full on the lips, Stacy did not skip a beat kissing her back before swatting her ass sending her to the living room to watch the game. 

Stacy turned toward me saying, "She gets so horny when she drinks." Then she walked past me brushing her hand across my face saying, "Let's watch hockey!" 

I watched her walk away from me as she headed to the living room, her ass was looking even better then before if that was possible. I could feel my cock harden but was able to make it back to my chair without being noticed. 

The action of the game was intense, back and forth end to end action. Shots on goal were high and saves were matched, still no score. They were playing in Colorado and the series was tied one game each. All three of us were yelling and cheering our team as well as arguing about the referees calls. The third period came to an exiting end with no score the game was going to overtime. 

We were all excited and pumped up from the game. The girls went to the bathroom together while I got us more beers and shots. I had to go also and they were taking so long, I could not wait. I did not want to barge in on them so I opened the back door, no one was around and no lights were on so relived myself in the yard. To my surprise Stacy was standing there in the kitchen as I walked back in. 

"Guys can just piss anywhere." She said with a grin before picking up a beer. 

We returned to the game as overtime started downing our shots washing them down with the beer as they dropped the puck. There were ten minutes of intense end to end action then the unthinkable happened, the Avalanche player had a bad pass in front of his net and it went in off his stick, the Sharks won. I was stunned to say the least the girls were screaming that it was not far. 

I felt good about the win as far as the series went but the way it happened I would have even lodged protest however in the rules of hockey it was a good goal. So I told the girls I would call the bet off. 

Stacy said, "No, a bet is a bet and we will pay off." 

Gina seemed to be in her own little world as Stacy stood her up and planted a deep tongue kiss with her and that was the spark that set her ablaze. I took the queue to turn on some tunes that they could dance to, and then threw caution to the wind I flipped the TV to a porn channel. 

The girls were quick to react melting into their own time and space, as if I were not there. I sat back into my easy chair for the show. They danced and caressed each other peeling off their clothes. Stacy pulled Gina's top off over her head reviling a white sports bra. Gina in turn did the same to Stacy, she too had a sports bra, and it was red. 

Their nipples pressed hard against the fabric of their bras waiting to be released. The girls worked each other very well as if they had done this many times. Stacy still led the way working Gina's shorts off and again Gina followed her lead stripping Stacy's off. They both wore black thongs. They danced together for a bit till Stacy slipped behind Gina taking her by the hips, she guided her right in front of me. 

I could tell Stacy was grinding on her from behind and Gina was really getting into it. Stacy worked her hands all over Gina making her nipples hard and thong wet as she rubbed her pussy. Stacy motioned for me to come closer as I did she took my hands then placed them on Gina's thighs where her thong straps rested. Stacy nodded letting me know it was ok to pull them down. I pulled them down slowly reaching Gina's ankle's letting her step out of them, it was then I saw something that amazed me, she was completely shaven and her pussy lips looked like butterfly wings, and they were wet. 

Stacy said, "Lick her!" 

I sat up close to the edge of the chair till I could feel the heat from her pussy I could smell her sweet scent as I gave her a few licks. Gina gasped as I licked her folds making her even wetter. I took advantage of it licking and fingering Gina's pussy while Stacy caressed her and played with her tits. Gina began to hump my face so hard I did not think I could hold on, but I did, and it was worth it!

Gina had a gushing orgasm all over my face and shirt and I loved it! I licked as fast as I could to drink her cum till I was coated with it as she collapsed into Stacy's arm. 

Stacy helped her to the couch, as she laid Gina down she gave her a soft kiss before turning toward me saying, "Now it's my turn!"

Stacy took me by the hand and pulled my shirt off before she laid me on the floor. Standing above me she swayed to the music running her hands over her tits and pussy before slowly pulling off her sports bra to reveal her large firm tits, she then worked her hands down to slide her thong down her legs, as she did her tits were in my face, I could not stop myself even if I wanted to, I reached out to squeeze them. 

Stacy then stood over me rubbing her body all over before she squatted on my face. I could see that her pussy was fully shaven and very wet as she spread her lips for me to lick. I reached up grabbing her hips pulling her pussy to my face driving my tongue deep inside her. I could not hear her screams of pleasure being her thighs covered my ears, but yet I knew I had hit her spot by the way she fucked my face with her pussy! 

Stacy arched her back driving her pussy into my face as she reached back to grip my cock that was when she had a wet gushing orgasm soaking my face, I lapped up her cream as much as I could as I fought the urge to cum myself. Stacy felt my cock throb and knew I was going to cum. She spun around to take my cock in her mouth sucking hard til I shot my load. Stacy did not stop there, she cupped my balls sucking and squeezing til she emptied me, then just to show me what a bad nasty girl she was she leaned her head back opening her mouth to show me all the cum in her mouth just before she took it all down. 

We settled down after that with a beer and another shot, Gina was still on the couch cat napping. 

"I think you both should stay the night." I said. 

Stacy smiled then said, "We had no plan on leaving, I am not done with you yet!" With that she had an evil grin on her face. "I think we need to take Gina up to your bed and have our way with her. Let me run out and get our overnight bag from the car." 

Stacy pulled my cum soaked tee shirt on of which clung to her tits as if see through and nothing else, it barely covered her ass then she slipped her shoes on and out the door she went to her car returning less then a minute later with a small carry all bag. As she returned the night air and wet skin made her nipples stand out rock hard.

I did not know what to think but I knew it excited me. Stacy woke Gina and we helped her up to my room, I pulled the sheets back as Stacy helped Gina into bed. It was then that Gina moaned saying, "I want you, please make me cum." 

Stacy replied, "We will honey, we will make you feel real good." 

Stacy turned toward me saying "Let's let her rest while we play in the shower." 

Stacy had it all planned out, and I had no problem helping her out. I peeled my shirt off of her taking the time to grip her tits rolling her nipples til they were hard as we shared a wet kiss before we headed to the shower. Stacy adjusted the water before she stepped in, I stepped in after her. Stacy's body felt very good as I soaped her up from head to toe. She had a little bit of a belly, firm full tits and a very firm round ass. 

She in turn soaped me up as well taking special care of my cock and balls as well as my ass, her soapy finger felt good as she played with my tight ring, something I have never explored before. Moments later we both heard something, it was Gina, she had awoken from her cat nap and wanted to play also. 

"Can I join in?" She asked. 

I pulled the shower curtain back allowing her to step in behind me sandwiching me between the both of them. The girls giggled as they worked me over before swapping positions to allow Gina to get wet as we worked her over soaping her body. Gina was a little younger then Stacy with a slim build and smaller tits but her nipples stood out large and hard. She had a flat belly and tight little ass. The three of us stayed in the shower till the water started to cool off, that was when Stacy rinsed and stepped out to dry. Gina and I played in the water kissing and playing with each other till the water was cold before we too stepped out to dry.

We did not even wrap towels around us as we walked to the bedroom. It was when we got there that we saw Stacy had been busy while we played in the shower. She had found some candles of which she lit placing them around the room and had a tray with beers and shots for all three of us. She had even turned on the TV and selected a porn movie. Stacy handed out the beers and shots before making a toast. 

"To a night of unforgettable sexual pleasure" she said then we downed the shot chasing it with a beer. 

Bye now both girls were wide awake and ready to play. They set their beers aside before they started rubbing their hands all each other kissing and sucking tongue before they fell onto the bed to take it to the next level. I was mesmerized at their beauty and skillful talent of sex play almost as if taking notes. That was when I saw Gina look up at the TV. On the porn movie there were three girls in a shallow pool taking turns fucking each other with dildos and vibrators.

Stacy looked up and said with an evil grin, "I know what you want!" Turning to me she said, "Hand that bag to me, will you please honey?"

My cock bobbed in the air as I stepped over to retrieve the bag. I laid the bag next to Stacy she then surprised me by grabbing my cock giving it a few quick sucks before saying, "You ain't seen nothing yet!" 

Stacy reached into the bag to pull out a small bottle of lube and a double ended pink flexible dildo. Gina got a huge grin on her face when she saw it. Stacy laid on her back as she lubed up the toy before stuffing it hard into her pussy pumping it a few times before letting Gina climb atop her slipping the other end deep into her wet slit. They began to slowly rock back and forth finding their rhythm as I stood and watched stroking my cock. The girls were really getting into it to the point I did not think they even knew I was there they both seemed to have at least one orgasm if not more before they noticed me. 

Stacy and Gina kissed deep and hard before turning to look at me. Stacy looked at Gina and asked, "Are you ready for him now?" 

"Oh I am so ready!" She said as she turned to look at me. Then she added in a demanding tone, "Fuck me in the ass now!" 

Stacy handed me the lube as I climbed onto the bed behind Gina. Thinking it would be cold I poured some onto my fingers only to find it was warm, Stacy had it under her body to warm it. I rubbed Gina's tight little asshole with the lube before adding more directly working it into her hole with my fingers. I rubbed the rest on my cock before I lined up to my target. The heat from her body was intense as I pushed in her tightest hole. I held there for a second till I felt her push back taking my cock deeper into her ass. At that point I could feel Stacy rocking under us as she fucked Gina's pussy we got into a rhythm until we were pounding Gina's pussy and ass causing her to scream out in a wild frenzy til she had a squirting orgasm all over the both of us. Gina collapsed atop Stacy with me still in her I slowly pulled out which set off a second wave through her body. 

Stacy rolled Gina off her as she jumped onto all fours spreading her ass cheeks I took it as the signal that it was time to fuck her ass. I quickly worked my way behind Stacy and was going to reach for the lube, but I could see that her ass was already soaked with her own pussy juice I lined up and with one push popped into her puckered ring to full depth. This girl loved to ass fuck and was not shy about it. She urged me on to fuck harder and faster as she strummed her clit and pussy. 

We were going at it so hard and fast I had not even noticed that Gina had worked her way behind me til she cupped my balls. The shock caused me to blast a large hot load of cum deep into Stacy's ass of which set her off with her own wet orgasm. As I slowly pulled out Stacy's whole body was shacking as a second wave over took her. The bed was a soaking mess as we collapsed but it was Gina that took the reins at that point sucking my cock clean as she milked my balls til I was empty. It was then she turned her attention and tongue to Stacy liking and suck all cum from her ass causing her to buck and moan with pleasure. I had never seen such a sexy sight before in my life. 

After we settled the girls headed to the bathroom to clean up while I did a quick linen change on the bed so it would be fresh and dry for us. When the girls returned I took my turn to clean up before returning to the bedroom. Stacy had done it again she had gotten three more shots for us but only one beer. I looked at her asking, "Are we out of beer?" 

"No" she replied, "but we can share this one, it will be enough." 

We downed the shots then shared the beer to wash it down before the girls took me by the hand as they lead me to the bed. I slid into bed as they took their place on either side of me. Only the glow of the candles filled the room now, the TV was off and I had two hot sexy women in my bed on either side of me, what more could you ask for?

The three of us drifted off to sleep.