 Since last week's escapades, swimming had gotten sexy. I was going almost every day, and the smell of chlorine was enough to make my insides fizz with the kind of excitement that makes my breath catch. I couldn't keep the smile off my face. My new lover Toni was filling my life with orgasms and kisses. It was hard to concentrate at work, thinking about her dark, dripping body and that first sudsy shower. 

Toni and I were usually that last still swimming, to ensure that the changing room would be nice and clear. Andy, one of the particularly sexy lifeguards, was on duty for most of the evening shifts. When he wasn't reading one of his books, usually an old-school horror or sci-fi, I liked to catch his eye and tease him just a little. I'd noticed him watching me before, his soft brown eyes glancing at my form, before bashfully returning to the book. Toni fancied him too, I could tell. During our swims, when we weren't looking at one another, we tried to catch his eye and win a smile. He was in his early twenties like us, but he had an adorably naïve quality that was so refreshing. 

One evening, Toni and I were lingering in the pool as per usual, when we noticed that we were alone with Andy. Between laps Toni gave him a cheeky smile and a little wave. His long, tanned legs were extended in front of him and his foot started tapping. He ran his hand through his thick, dark hair and returned her smile, a little nervously. It was closing time, and he knew he had to ask us to leave. We weren't going to go without a fight. I swam towards Toni and jumped on her back, wrapping my legs around her waist. We laughed as I kissed her cheeks, pressing my breasts into her back. Her soft, warm body felt so good in the cold water, and as I clung to her I could feel my nipples hardening. 

Toni shook me off in mock protest, releasing me with a splash into the water. Taking my face in her hands, she gave me a kiss, nothing too daring but enough to set our pulses racing. Andy coughed, and we looked his way. We swam to the edge of the pool and propped ourselves on our elbows to speak to him. I let my breasts rest on the side of the pool, hoping that my erect nipples would further grab his attention. 

"So, um..." he began, "technically it's closing time. But I've noticed that you two are quite frequent swimmers, and I haven't got many plans...so I could give you an extra hour or so, if you like?" 

"Oh, we wouldn't want to intrude," said Toni, though her voice suggested the opposite.

"Actually, my aunt runs this place, so I could let her know. She wouldn't mind," Andy said. He was growing in confidence, and he had the kind of posh voice that I loved. 

"Maybe you'd like a swim too?" I suggested. Andy looked around, a smile grew on his face.

"It does look good in there..." He thought for a second, chewing his lip thoughtfully. "Yeah, why not?"

Toni and I looked at one another with glee. Andy whipped his shirt off, revealing a slim, toned torso and a necklace. As he slid into the water, Toni saw her chance and took it.

"This is nice," she said, gently touching the necklace. The dark leather chord held a small metal disk with Chinese figures on it. 

"Why thank you" smirked Andy. He was clearly warming up to the flirting. "It's a Chinese coin necklace, all the men in my family have them. So, are you two...?" He searched for the word, looking adorably confused as Toni's hand lingered on his chest. 

"We like to have fun, but we're not exclusive," I explained, sharing a smile with Toni as I swam towards the two of them. Andy nodded as Toni slid her arm around his neck, before planting a kiss on his cheek. I followed suit, moving to kiss his other cheek. 

"If you want us, you can have us" I whispered into his ear. He slid his arm around my waist, just as his other was supporting Toni. 

"I want you," he said hoarsely, He kissed me, more forcefully than I'd expected, and I felt my cunt pulse. "I want both of you" he growled, turning to Toni and kissing her as he'd kissed me. He walked us to the side of the pool, enclosing us in his arms. "You two have been driving me crazy for weeks". 

I could see Toni breathing fast next to me, and knew that her heart must be beating as hard as mine. She looked at me, and kissed me joyfully. As we kissed I felt Andy's hand pulling at the straps of my swimsuit. I peeked and saw that he was doing the same to Toni. I felt the rush of the cold water on my breasts as they were exposed, and then Andy's hot tongue as he licked and sucked my nipples. I moaned as he firmly held my nipple between his lips, then he turned his attention to Toni's breasts. I grabbed and pulled at Toni's swimsuit, urging the rest of it down, and then left it to float in the water. Andy then turned to me and started to remove my swimsuit whilst Toni kissed my neck. She knew that neck kisses were a weakness of mine, and my toes curled as I felt my swimsuit slip over my toes and float away. 

Andy held us both against the side, kissing and touching us, his hard cock grinding against our thighs. I was desperate to get him out of his trunks, and grabbed hold of his hips. With my eyes closed, all I could feel was my face being covered with kisses, my breasts being brushed and squeezed. I could feel Andy's smooth skin in my hands, and slid one hand into his trunks. There's nothing more exciting than sliding your fingers through rough hair, before feeling a hot, fat cock with your fingertips. Andy groaned and kissed me hard as I delicately brushed the tip of his cock. Toni was impatient, and pulled the trunks away. Andy shivered a little as he felt the water around his body. 

As Toni kissed Andy, I ducked under the water, trying to catch a glimpse of him. His cock wasn't the longest I'd seen, but it was thick and pink. I blew some bubbles around it, brushing his inner thighs before I came back up for air. When I did, he turned his attention to me and Toni slipped under the water for a few seconds. We carried on like this for a few minutes, taking turns. I would try something different each time, a quick tug or suck of his cock. Eventually, breathlessly, he waited until we were both at the surface.

"This is amazing, but I don't want to finish too quickly. I want to get you two off. Is that ok?" He asked. I always appreciated a considerate lover. Toni and I nodded, and he backed us against the side of the pool again. He gently placed his hands over our cunts, first giving gentle, pulsing squeezes with his palm. The rhythmic pressure was amazing, syncing our pleasure. As he kissed me his tongue slipped between my lips, and his fingertips started to circle my pussy. I could tell from Toni's gasps that she was receiving the same treatment. I had never felt sensations like this before, and the feeling of weightlessness in the water made it all the better. He moved the tips of his fingers into me ever so slightly, using his thumb to circle my clit. I could hear that Toni's orgasm was building, and I reached my hand over to cup her breast. As I rolled her nipple she cried out, and the sight of her orgasm was so hot that she nearly sent me over the top. Her pussy still pulsing, she started to massage my breasts and kiss my neck. My cunt tensed around Andy's fingers, and I came, shaking and panting. 

I opened my eyes to see Toni and Andy smiling. The orgasm was good, but I knew that I wouldn't be satisfied until I'd fucked Andy. I pushed myself out of the pool. "Last one to the changing room's a rotten egg!" I grinned. 

"No running in the pool!" joked Andy, as he followed me out.