 I'm just your average everyday guy. About 5'10", decent shape. Not a model but not hard on the eyes either. I had gotten out of a one year relationship and decided to ask a girl from work if she wanted to go out. I had worked with Kim for a few months and we had hit it off pretty well so I asked her if she wanted to hang out one night. I was hoping she would agree because I had been admiring her red hair and 5'1", 100 pound tight little body for a while. She said yes, so we made plans to go out that Friday evening to a local restaurant. Dinner was going great and we decided to end the evening with a nightcap and (hopefully) a trip back to my house. I couldn't wait to get a shot at her tiny little body. Since I knew how I was hoping the evening would end, I picked a bar close to my place and we settled in. 

As we were enjoying a drink, I felt a strong hand slap me on the back. I looked up and saw Nate, a friend from class and the basketball courts who was a good guy, but extremely cocky. However, from what I saw (and had heard), he had reason to be. Unlike most guys, Nathan really did look like he could be a model standing 6'2" with brown hair, tan skin and body that looked like it had been carved from stone. Without really being invited, Nate sat down at our table and ordered a drink. I introduced Nate to Kim and could tell right away that might have been a mistake as it was obvious that she thought he was very attractive. After another drink and more small talk, Nate looked around and then said "Ryan, I don't see a waitress, go get another round of drinks." Though I was a little taken back by the way he just told me to do it, I found myself rising from my chair and walking to the bar. As I waited for our drinks, I glanced back at the table and saw Kim laughing at something Nate said and slapping him playfully. It was almost like I was the third wheel instead of him.

When I got back to the table, Nate took his drink and without looking up at me said, "I was just telling Kim that I have some pretty good smoke back at my house. Why don't you two follow me over? It's not far." 

He then stood up and Kim stood too. Before I could protest, I heard her say "come on Ryan, it will be fun" so we followed him out to the parking lot and started driving to his house. I asked Kim if she was sure about this and without even looking at me just said that she was sure it would be a good time. We got to Nate's apartment and he welcomed us in. He quickly produced the pot he had promised and lit up the first joint. Combined with the drinks I had already had, I was beyond high and started rubbing Kim's back. She surprised me by moving her hand immediately to my chest as Nate just watched. I pulled her in for a long wet kiss, my hands moving up and down that little body I had been wanting for so long. 

I then heard Nate say that she appeared a little too dressed and telling her to stand up. She a look of pure lust on her face as she stood and Nate wasted no time telling her simply "take off your clothes now." I looked on in disbelief as she proceeded to do exactly that, peeling off first her shirt and then her jeans. I pulled her down to me in just her bra and panties. My 6 inch cock as hard as it had ever been straining against my jeans. She kissed me hungrily as I grabbed her ass and felt her hand undoing my jeans. My cock sprang out and her hand wrapped around it before she fell to her knees and took it into her mouth. 

I was enjoying the feel of my cock in her mouth when I glanced up and saw Nate starting to undress. I remembered quickly how much I always admired what great shape he was in as he removed his shirt. He just smiled and winked at me as he watched Kim's head bob up and down the length of my cock. His hands started working on his own jeans now and he pulled them off. That's when I got the first surprise of the night as Nate's cock popped into view. I had only seen something like this in a porn film as his cock dangled far out in front of him. It had to be at least 8 inches long and twice as fat as mine, certainly bigger than any that I had seen. He lewdly stroked it a couple of times and it actually seemed to swell larger. I felt Kim's mouth leave my cock and then saw the startled look on her face as she saw Nate standing there. I was obvious that she was on fire from the sight of his ripped body and huge cock. Without even a "sorry" I watched as she crawled over to him and started to lick and suck at his big dick. It wasn't quite as easy for her as mine had been as her mouth stretched over the head and it looked like she could only get an inch or two of the shaft into her mouth.

As I watched, all thoughts of having my date stolen or any angry feelings over Nate taking over my date were forgotten as I watched Kim struggle to suck his cock. I had started to remove my clothes and rub my cock as I watched her get as much of that big cock into her mouth as she could. I then heard Nate say "hey man, you might want to fuck her first. Otherwise, you might not feel a thing." Even though he chuckled as he said this, I knew he was right and quickly shed the rest of my clothes and moved in behind Kim. I reached down between her legs and was stunned to feel how wet she was. I then slid my cock in completely and started to fuck her from behind as hard and fast as I could. Little moans escaped her mouth as she continued to suck on Nate cock. As turned on as I was, I knew I would not last long and after only a couple of minutes, I pushed in as far as I could go and came in probably the hardest orgasm of my life. I pulled out spent and heard Nate pull Kim's mouth off his cock and tell her to get on the bed. He smiled down at me, nudged me out of the way and told me to "watch this." He then stood over the bed, pulled Kim to the edge and slammed his big dick all the way inside her soaked cunt with just one thrust. Her screams filled the room (and probably woke a neighbor or two up) as Nate wasted little time putting that big dick to work.

As I sat on the floor, spent, high and still a little drunk, I watched as Nate put on a clinic on how to fuck a hot girl to orgasm after orgasm. First on her back, then on all fours, then in his lap and it went on and on. Nate fucked Kim in positions I hadn't thought of or wasn't equipped to actually fuck a woman in. His big cock sliding in and out as the sweat rolled off his muscular frame and Kim just screamed, panted and begged for him to "fuck me hard with your big dick baby.". I just watched as this stud took my date to heights I could only dream of. 

Finally after at least an hour of this, I heard Nate ask her where she wanted his cum and she told him to cum in her mouth. I then watched as he pulled his cock out and aimed it at her willing and ready tongue. Then I watched her lips close over the head as he came in her mouth, spurt after spurt and she swallowed it all. My own cock was now hard again as I stared in disbelief. 

Before I could do anything about my own hard-on, I heard Nate say "hey man, I need a towel, go in there and get me one." Again, it wasn't a request and I just did as he said. When I got back in the room, Kim was still just laid out on the bed, almost passed out from the fucking she had just received. I also couldn't help but notice how the sweat on Nate's body really put every muscle on display. I had to admit he looked incredible. As I offered him the towel, he just said "get my back" and turned around. I started rubbing the towel over his shoulders and back and without even thinking about it, found myself on my knees running the towel over his ass and legs. I was surprised at how hard his body felt. It really was like stone and my hands moved the towel along his calves until he turned around. Suddenly I found myself only a couple of inches from that huge cock that I had watched him work my date over with. From this angle, it looked even bigger as I couldn't help but smell Kim's scent on it. I looked up at Nate and he looked down at me, smiling. He then nodded and I felt one of his hands on the back of my head. To this day, I am not sure why but I didn't resist as I felt the head of his cock press first against my lips and then into my quickly stretching mouth. 

Nate slowly started to pump his cock in and out of my mouth as I struggled not to gag and just relax. I licked the sides and tried to suck in with my cheeks just like women had done to me when giving me head. I heard Nate grunt above me to watch my teeth and to just relax. Then I heard him say "you like that baby" and glanced up to see Kim, her eyes on fire and her hand furiously rubbing her clit as she watched me suck him. Kim just nodded as she took in the sight of her "date" sucking off the stud that had just fucked her senseless.

After a few more minutes of having his cock in my mouth, Nate pulled me off by my hair and made his way back to Kim. He then got on this back and told her to ride him. Like me, she did as she was told and I watched as she came again and again while straddling his cock. After she came with her loudest scream of the night, Nate held her tight against his hips and his body jerked as he came yet again. Kim just rolled off of him back onto her stomach, her eyes glazed and he pointed at her and told me to take a turn. I know I shouldn't have but I just had to cum again so I moved in behind her sliding my cock into her sopping cunt. Nate was right when he said I wouldn't feel anything as his tool had stretched her good but I didn't care. I pumped for just a few minutes before emptying my second load of the night into her spent pussy. She just kind of looked up and then passed out. I just looked back at Nate as he smiled at me with his cocky grin and I wondered what I had gotten myself into.