 The morning inevitably came around, and Jo was feeling a little ass-sore from the pounding she'd received from Cliff the previous night, and still had the lovely taste of Jack's spunk in her mouth. She awoke, inevitably, a lovely damp feeling and slight ache in her pussy and a big smile. The boys, by comparison, awoke with big hard-ons!

All three of them were very horny, and as Jo's hands started to wander, all three of them wordlessly began to enjoy the not quite awake feeling of being horny and wanting to fuck in the morning. It didn't take long before tongues were caressing nipples and cocks, and hands were caressing breasts and buttocks ... and all three of them were once again in the menage a trois. Jack by now had no problem with the fact that Cliff handled or licked on his cock nearly as much as Jo ... and he occasionally placed a curious hand on Cliff's hard cock or soft, tender balls, but concentrated on his beautiful Jo.

Jo herself was in paradise once more ... she had a choice of two lovely big cocks to suck on and play with and found her breasts, buttocks, feet, stomach, back, shoulders, neck, pussy, ass being caressed, licked, pleasured and it felt wonderful. She'd awoken damp ... but now she was truly WET.

Cliff loved having the choice between Jo's sweet-like-honey pussy and Jack's big strong dick to choose from, and took a great amount of pleasure in sucking on them both, pleasuring with his tongue, fingers, lips, teeth ... Jack was of course enjoying the added interest in his throbbing hard-on and enjoyed licking Jo out as always, tasting her juices and trying to make her cum before he fucked her again. He was quite interested in the feeling of Cliff's dick in his hand, but had no immediate desire to go as far as Cliff had with him.

Jo soon needed more than foreplay ... as she inevitably came from Jack's well practised tongue techniques, she took him in her mouth and began to suck his dick with a vengeance, and got onto her knees with her ass in the air.

"Fuck me ... oh God I need it ..." she moaned through Jack's cock to Cliff, and jiggled her butt up and down in the air. "Fuck me, Cliff."

"Oh, yea, baby ... you don't need to tell me" Cliff answered in a hushed voice and got up onto his knees and rubbed a couple of fingers against her opening.

She sighed with screwed up eyes onto Jack's cock as Cliff first fingered her gently and then rubbed his hard-on against her wet sex. Cliff himself groaned as he slowly pushed into her, feeling her hot dampness envelope his pulsing head. He pressed further and Jo's whole body started to buck as that hard cock rubbed against her sore clitty. Jack himself took a lot of pleasure from this ... although seeing another guy fuck his girl was weird, seeing her squeal in enjoyment really made him hot, plus the added sensation of her jilting body while she sucked his cock and fondled his nuts made the oral experience a lot better. He wanted to cum in her mouth again and knew it wouldn't be long. 

Cliff had other ideas for Jo ... he only hoped she wouldn't freak out about it. He got the lube that had been so useful the night before and spread the jelly generously between her buttocks, on and just inside her bruised flower as he slowly fucked her.

"Cliiiiiiiifff ... " she began to protest ... much as she'd enjoyed the anal adventure the night before, she was a bit tender and wasn't ready just yet.

"Sssssshhhhh, baby ... its OK ... I'm not going to just yet." he reassured her.

He continued to push and pull his dick slowly and firmly in and out of her, gently massaging her asshole with the soft and sensual jelly. Jo got back to enjoying Jack in her mouth, and took a big mouthful of his balls and beat his length off slowly with her hand. She was slowly getting closer to cumming with the attention her pussy was getting from Cliff's lovely 7" but was very aware of the lubricant on her ass and his ever probing finger ... she wasn't sure she wanted to try that again so soon.

Cliff withdrew after Jo's second orgasm of the morning which came mere minutes after he had begun rubbing his engorged head on her clitty on his re-entries. He moved his body down onto the bed and underneath Jo and pulled her on top of him. Her movements were awkward while she was led because she was concentrating so much on Jack's cock in her mouth ... who was letting loose the occasional "Oh, baby" and "Fuck, yea" from the wonders he was feeling way down there on his cock and sac. Cliff pulled Jo on top of him and, gripping her buttocks, moved her pussy over on top of his very ready cock. She took a hold of her bearings, and holding his dick with her spare hand, guided herself to him as he sucked her tits.

Timing her own manipulations with his, she sat down as he pushed up, she squealed loudly and he grunted with surprised pleasure as Jo became impaled to the hilt, the entire 7" length right inside her, and she felt her pussy lips entangled orgasmically with his pubes. He started to fuck her hard and first, and Jo felt a little pain as she wasn't quite as horny as the night before. Jack wasn't one to miss out on the action, and feeling the newfound desperation in the other two, he grasped Jo by the hair, not roughly, and began to fuck her face, jamming 4" or 5" into the back of her throat. He had a feeling that Jo would appreciate getting thoroughly pummeled end to end, and he was right. Jo was absolutely loving the feeling of a lovely big hard rocket at each end of her body.

Jack noticed all of a sudden that Cliff had a mouthful of his balls again as he slapped his cock in and out of Jo's mouth, her lips tight around his shaft, and he moaned very softly with the intense pleasure of the two mouths. He grit his teeth and didn't cum ... that was something he wanted to save, no need to rush ...

"Hey baby, I want to try something ..." he started as he withdrew and moved around to the back of her and dropped down to get a close look at Cliff hammering her pussy.

"Go for it, man!" Cliff managed through his constant, quiet "Ah, Ah, Ah, yea, yea, Ah"

Jack wasn't actually thinking about trying to suck Cliff, which he figured Cliff thought he was ... he'd gone back for a piece of ASS. He lubed his finger with the jelly and placed it carefully on her tight hole, matching the gyrations of her ass as she was fucked by Cliff. As he probed, he thought what the hell, and took Cliff's balls in his other hand, bent down and shyly extended his tongue. He tasted only sweat, and was indifferent. He sat up again and beat his cock a few times, and then licked and fingered Jo's lubey hole.

"You like that, baby? You like that in your ass while you get fucked?" he asked.

"Ah ... Ah ... Ah ... GOD ... Ah ... Ah ..." she was not at her most eloquent while getting a good seeing to, but eventually managed "Ah ... Ah ... Oh, God! Oh, Jacky! Its tender, baby. Its great in the ass, but I'm ... Ahhhhhh Goooooddd ... Ahhh ... still sore baby."

"I'll be gentle, You told me I should try it baby ... and I bet 2 at once will be even better!" He sort of wanted to outdo the sensations that Cliff had given her the night before what with Jo being his girl and all "Just feel this, Jo, tell me what its like."

Jo felt Jack's soft and very oily finger pushing into her newfound pleasure hole while at the same time still enjoying the thorough pounding she was getting from Cliff, who was also sucking on her erect nipples as he plunged all of his 7" into her with vigour. She was wondering how many more times the 2 guys would make her cum, and whether she would still be able to walk afterwards! The feeling of the invading finger was exciting in a different way to the cock massaging her clitty with each thrust ... and the 2 certainly made for a very unique and pleasant feeling. Soon Jack was finding he could push in to the 3rd knuckle without too much resistence, and wanted to take it to the next logical step - his first anal experience - fuck his lovely Jo in the ass with his big, hard cock.

With a final curious fondle of Cliff's balls, soaked with Jo's pussy juice, and a finger teased into her pussy, he took ahold of her fantastic arse cheeks, prized them apart and aimed his throbbing, pre-cum seeping and very lubed up head between them. With a hand he held them there, steadying her hip movements, and with the other he guided his knob right to her pink little sphincter, and pushed ever so gently, wedging it, ready for the push.

"Jack, babyyy ..." Jo started to complain, feeling the size of the thing teasing her open.

"Shhhhh, baby ... I won't hurt you." Jack assured her, and he really meant it.

"Hey, Jo don't worry it'll be GREAT." Cliff told her momentarily stopping his breast work.

Jo felt an enormous pressure as Jack's strong hands kept her from pulling away as he pushed his enormous cock-head into her only recently-awakened asshole, Cliff, holding onto her ribs for his own stability also helped to keep her in place, his cock firmly inside her pussy. It was initially frustrating as Jack's cock slipped out of her hole and in between her cheeks a couple of times, but on the 3rd try she felt that almost ripping sensation of anal intrusion by something a lot bigger than should be possible in there, and going in the wrong way! Jack grunted with satisfaction as his head popped in, albeit with resistence, but Jo let out a long, low moan. She started to pant again as she slowly adjusted to the foreign object and Cliff slowly began to push in and out of her slightly-less-wet puss. She had started to dry up a little with the not-so-keen anticipation of getting butt-fucked again.

She almost yelled in pain as she bit her tongue with the feeling of Jack pushing into her, she could almost see the inches she felt disappearing into her. Cliff enjoyed forcing his cock into her new sandpaper tightness as she'd got a little nervous. Feeling the presence of Jack inside her body with his prick really turned him on! Jo began to loosen again in both her holes as the pumping began ... and again, her ass resisted the cock less as it grew accustomed to its presence, slowly being pushed in and out. It actually felt quite wonderful once it became obvious it wasn't going to harm her as it was slowly and gently pushed in and out, the head never leaving her as Jack pushed and pulled to a depth of about half his thick shaft. 

Jack was enjoying the immense pressure of his first taste of Jo's tight ass, and worked to match his in and out movements to counter Cliff's; so as Cliff was all the way in, his shaft was withdrawn; and as Cliff was 6" out he was pushed in about 5" deep ... they kept up this with Jo's moans of pleasure and much else ... cock deep in ass ... cock deep in pussy ... cock deep in ass ... cock deep in pussy ... it wasn't long before Jo was screaming quite differently as it became clear that what she was feeling wasn't only pain. 

"YES! YES! YES! OH GOD YES! FUCK ME BABY! OH JACKY BABY FUCK MY ASS! OH GOD!"

It was not long before Jack was plunging in his entire 8" length, through the immense resistance her passage gave him at about 6" in ... but he found that he could push past that making her shudder, push all the way in so his knees were in the back of hers. She was loving it and started to squeal even more as Jack altered his timing to coincide with Cliff, so that they were both pushing in and pulling out at the same stroke. She was feeling a never before felt high as two big cocks were pushed greasily or naturally wetly in to the hilt, shafts all but disappeared into her two tender holes ... two big dicks being rammed all the way into her ... it was fantastic ... two big hard ramrods blasting into her ass and her pussy ... giving her indescribable pain and pleasure ... she must have cum 2 or 3 times with the unbelievable sensations she felt in her body. The feeling of Jack's larger cock in her ass was great ... and him pushing against Cliff's prick through the skin and muscle between her holes only intensified those prolonged and fascinating orgasms ... it was almost as if she was having double-orgasms with the monster crushing her ass outwards with its quite considerable girth.

"Jack! Jack! Jaaaaaaaaccckk! Oh God ... its so gooooood ... ah ... ah ... ah God ..." she moaned and moaned as her body was shuddered about with the palpitations within her.

Cliff and Jack were both being extremely turned on by the double penetration, and the amount of pleasure they were giving Jo with the vaginal and anal rammings were bringing them closer to cumming each time she had an orgasm. It didn't take long before all 3 of them were close to collapse, and Jo's 4th or 5th orgasm (they had all lost count) pushed both guys over the edge, as simultaneously Jo felt an awesome gush of white hot cum deep in her womb and in her rectal passage ... both guys grasping her body hard and tensing their whole bodies as spurt after well-earned spurt of seminal goodness blasted out of their aching cocks deep into her very welcoming holes. 

Jack collapsed onto Jo who had collapsed onto Cliff feeling the lovely warmth of cock-slime deep inside her ... Jack's hot cum in her ass for the very first time and Cliff's cum as never before in her over-seen-to cunt. Sweaty on the outside and cum-saturated on the inside, she felt incredible. All 3 of them felt their own but equally satisfying sensation as the cocks shrank in their own spew inside of Jo, and they all lay on top of one another panting excitedly and tired.

"Oh man ... fuck ... I just came in your ass! How is that baby?" Jack mumbled to Jo.

"Feels beautiful, baby ... just leave your dick in there, it feels good Jacky."

"I better go and wash." Jack said a few moments later, and headed off to the shower.

"OH!" Jo let out as she felt the lovely feeling of freedom as his cock slipped easily out of her hard-pressed ass. "Mmmm ... let me clean YOU up big-boy" she said to Cliff, dismounting as Jack turned on the shower, not bothering to close up as he washed his dick after its anal adventure. She slid around and took Cliff's shrunken and sticky dick into her mouth and sucked her own juices off of it, tasting remnants of his cum too. Cliff enjoyed that more than Jo did (and she enjoyed it a lot) and sighed deeply, wondering if he would ever get bored of her mouth, and thinking he probably wouldn't. Not surprisingly he started to harden after mere minutes, despite the action he'd already seen that morning and the power of the orgasm he'd had fucking her delicious pussy.

"Mmmmmmm ... I don't want you to ever stop that, baby ... but I think I'll go help your stud-boy in the shower ... want to watch?" he grinned.

"Oh, Cliffy! Do you think he'll ..." she grinned back, and didn't stop him from getting up and heading over there, his hand massaging his dick sticking out in front of him.

"Hey, stud." Cliff announced, staring at Jack's fine-toned body glistening in the warm douche, half-covered in a thick lather, particularly his crotch. "Need a hand?"

"Man, what the fuck are you-" Jack almost stammered as Cliff got into the shower with him.

Jack made eye contact with Cliff and made no attempt to stop him as his hand moved over and felt his soft, soapy dick, which started to harden with a rush of blood and weird eagerness/anticipation a second before the hand was closed around his haft. He also made no attempt at resistance when Cliff took Jack's hand in his other, and moved it over so his fingers brushed his now fully hard 7" and opened, then closed his fingers around it before leaving it there. 

"Mmmmmmm ... you got a great cock there Jacky ..." Cliff said to him "You okay with this boy? I bet you like to think about cock too, yeah?" He suggested.

Jack's hand had not left Cliff's cock, and his own was hardening further under Cliff's gentle fingers, especially when he added more of the liquid soap and started a thick lather up on his crotch, feeling and soaping his balls, reaching a finger back into his butt underneath, and back to the front and the shaft again. Cliff dropped to his knees and Jack let the cock slip out of his unsure hand.

"Mmmm ... beautiful big cock." Cliff said, working the lather before seeing it washed away in the soothing warm water. "Mmmmmm ... yummy ..."

"Fuck!" Jack gasped, feeling a new warmth, a familiar one.

It seemed different this time, before when Cliff sucked his dick it was surreal, part of an orgasm-fuelled adrenaline dream or something. But now it was just the two of them, in the shower, and he could see Cliff bent down with his cock in his mouth. Blood rushed in a fever throughout his body and it seemed like his cock would explode ... it hardened with a previously unknown intensity, fuelled by the sight and feeling and wonder of a guy, actually another man, willingly and expertly using tongue and teeth and fingers and nails and lips giving him awesome oral pleasure. He unconsciously took Cliff's head in his hands and caressed his hair and ears as he would do to Jo when she sucked him.

The feeling was one of pure wonderment. He was rock hard, and sure to cum a bucket load had he not shot so recently (in Jo's ass no less), and the hardness had that fascinating feeling of over-use ... it ached, almost hurt with the continued pleasure he felt. Cliff too was enjoying himself, he'd discovered a real liking for this form of oral sex at one of the several dope/booze instigated orgies he'd been at, and now used those finely honed skills, the match of any woman on Jack, who did have a prize penis to enjoy. He sucked and licked all over and around the giant head, pressuring with his lips and tongue, licked inside it, deep-throated all 8", which made Jack almost howl with excitement, at one point just beat off the big length while he suckled and nibbled Jack's lovely big balls, the thick long shaft hard against his nose and forehead.

Jack didn't know how long it had been, since he collapsed against the wall of the shower and gave in to the strange beyond-bisexual experience. He couldn't figure out whether or not having a guy suck him off bothered him or not, he was too busy with the disbelief of how fucking good the guy was! His cock was as hard as it could just about get, and the warm water flowing down on him was very soothing, helping to keep him calm and making him feel very sexy. Feeling very sexy and getting a damn fine blow job. Feeling his cock and his balls getting some of the best oral treatment he'd ever got.

He looked down almost with a frown when he felt it suddenly end as his balls were dropped from their tight-lipped pleasure prison. Cliff slowly rose from his knees and smiled a big cat-who-got-the-cream smile at Jack, who was sweating despite the warm water raining down on him. Cliff guided Jacks' hand back to his cock, now very firm indeed, he was just as turned on by giving as Jack was by receiving. He put his hand on Jack's shoulder and pressured him down to the floor. Jack didn't resist, mainly through bewilderment.

What was said and how it was reacted to was completely missed by Jo, drowned out by the sounds of falling water as she decided to move from laying on the bed and peek in the shower. She got the shock and thrill of her life and dampened instantly on seeing a truly amazing sight, one she thought she'd never see, and it turned her on immensely. She gazed into the shower to see her lovely Jack on his knees, with Cliff's hard cock in his virgin mouth. Cliff had his hand in Jack's hair, and his own head flung back, mouth open, face contorted in pleasure as Jack was gingerly kissing and sucking on his blood-swelled cock-head. Jo gasped and went weak at the knees seeing the beautiful bisexual picture, seeing Jack get his first real taste of cock. Seeing Jack using that oral majesty he'd previously only reserved for pussy on Cliff's mighty boner. She dropped a hand to her crotch and watched in silence, tenderly fingering herself open-mouthed and watched the show layed out before her. She saw her man sucking on a cock and knew that everything was going to be a lot hotter from here on!
