 My girlfriend and I have had three "swing" experiences since being together - two years now. 

The first was a set up job by another couple, where we didn't expect it would go where it did, and we ended up loving it, and we were hooked.

The second was with the bride and groom after their wedding, who knew we had such an experience and weren't shy about letting us know during the reception that they wanted us to join them.

The third was both weird and an incredible turn on. It involved two gay men who were boyfriends. It was in no way planned but happened on accident. In many ways it was no different than the concept of a swinger experience, it merely had bi as part of the sex. Also, and maybe this is exciting in and of itself, this experience involved a guy who she hated at work, and vice-versa. There was no love lost between them, and all I had ever heard her say was anti-Doug stuff every other day. He was one of the two guys who were the other couple. Watching your girlfriend with a man she doesn't like is weird, but strangely hot.

Thank you for your interest.

T.L.

Swinger Event No. 3

While our first two swinger events were connected, that is, No. 1 led to the bride and groom learning we did play this way once, and led to them inviting us for a drink, and our No. 2 event, this event, No. 3 (our last event) was unconnected and not based on anything other than physical excitement. But it was this event where we accepted because of it we are actual swingers who are turned on by it.

It was last May (this is 2015) at a college graduation party in Santa Barbara, California. Felicia and I found a hidden room attached to a boathouse on the lower end of the party property. We are not at all rich, but the people who hosted the party were. This was in an area near Santa Barbara called Montecito. I think everyone there is rich. We were looking for a place to be alone and found a locked room of a larger "boat house", and I banged it open, and that meant I couldn't, without taking time, properly close the door. But it was past 11 pm, and no one was going to come down to this area as there was no party going on in this area of the property. There were about 80 people above but no one followed us down and we were alone. There were two beds, one queen and another twin, and Felicia and I began fooling around on the queen bed. The lamp gave partial light, enough to enjoy the view of her and not bang into anything. It was that dark and the light was necessary, but it really was not possible for anyone to see its illumination from above the building. You could see it on if you were directly outside the boathouse, but no one was.

We had made out and I had stripped Felicia down to her bra and panties and I was in my shorts, and the door opened and we had no warning of it, and in came two guys and they saw us and everyone was in shock. I didn't understand who is was but Felicia adjusted her eyes and said, "Doug!" He responded, "yes", and the guy he was with just looked at them. I had seen Doug twice but never really talked with him. He didn't hide that he was gay, and that didn't mean anything to Felicia who told me stuff about him from work and her dislike of him professionally. He wasn't a bad guy, they just didn't get along at work. They work at the corporate division of a bank; the section that produces bank cards that double as credit cards. They track people's spending habits and if you make a purchase inconsistent with your past spending, one of their people call you and ask you if you made the purchase.

Anyway, there was Doug and his boyfriend, whose name at the time I did not know, but now know is Alejandro, who goes by Alex. Like my girl he is Mexican-American. They have matching brown bodies. I am light with a partial tan, but Doug is a tanned god. His look and stomach and muscles were better than mine, though at the time he was dressed and I did not know this.

But despite his being gay, he stood there and took in Felicia, now grabbing at her party dress and using it to cover herself as she presumed Doug would soon bow himself out. But he didn't. His drunk ass just took in Felicia's embarrassment and laughed, and Felicia laughed also but in a pissed off undertone.

Now there is something you should know about my fantasies. There is this video on porn sites of a Japanese manager who is punished by being demoted, and having to work the day in the nude. All the men she was the boss of get to watch as she does her new job totally naked, serving them tea and doing other work related stuff. She is humiliated to her core and it's a great fantasy, and that is mine when it comes to my girl and she knows this. Felicia knows that if I had my way, she would be stripped naked at work in front of her co-workers, and I would get a raging hard on, knowing her boss would get to take in her fantastic body from head to toe. She has large brown aureole and hard nipples, and her Playboy tits are 85% perfect but hang a bit, and this secret of hers revealed to the world would make me lose my load. So here for a moment was a partial living out of my fantasy, though admittedly, because he was gay and not her best friend at work, the idea of Doug seeing Felicia in her pretty white and lace bra and panties was never a part of my thoughts. 

Doug wasn't leaving, though Alex was not part drunk as Doug appeared to be, and he grabbed at Doug and said they should go. Doug saw the twin bed and pulled Alex toward it, who objected based on our already being there, but eventually Alex fell on him and they began making out. Felicia just stared at them, and I shook my head, and they weren't the least interested in our being there and Alex gave in and they began to undress one another. Felicia told me to put my shirt over the lamp and I did and that really brought the lighting down and we could tell Doug and Alex were all for that, and we resumed our making out session with two guys doing the same about ten feet from us.

In a while we were moving to second base and touching one another intimately, and Doug and Alex were doing the same as best we could see. I watched Doug watch us, and he appeared to be more interested in us than Alex was, and I watched my girl gulp a bit as I peeled off her bra and showed off her tits for our friends. That was too much for Doug, who led Alex over to the bed we were on, took the shirt off of the light and made the room half lit up - meaning plenty of light - and took a full view of Felicia, now in nothing but her panties, as he went down on Alex while moving him onto our bed. So now the four of us were sharing the bed, Felicia was taking in Alex stripping Doug fully nude and showing off Doug's very perfect and athletic body, and Doug was grinning down at Felicia while Alex went down on him.

For a while I continued to make out with Felicia and enjoy her tits, but I was fully aware as she stripped me naked that the other guys were taking in the view of me and in a moment Felicia was the only one left who wasn't totally nude. Felicia had no problem enjoying Doug's full erection and his checking her out, and a moment later he was sucking Alex while groping her fantastic breasts, eventually using two hands for it.

"Share Doug's cock with me," she said for all of us to hear, and for the first time I went down on a guy, licking him along with my girl, while the guy she nearly hated French kissed her, groped her tits and she and I licked and sucked him. Alex, not a spoil sport, began to suck me, again a first, and Felicia watched this for a moment and it was obvious she and Doug were as turned on by it as I was. She held Doug's shaft as we continued to suck him and he began to suck her tits, and she whispered to me, "Take a look at his cock. Is he a man, or what?" She grinned, and only I could hear her say this and understand her teasing with me, but that only lasted a moment, and she began to stroke me while Alex licked me, and the two of them enjoyed my hard penis completely.

We moved on to a full on make out session with Doug and Felicia, and Alex just shook his head for a moment, as his plan to be with his man had become hijacked, but in a good way. Doug said, "Let's check you out," pulled down her panties, and opened her wide. He said to me and Alex, "Why not play at 69. We're going to." And that's what he and Felicia did. Two minutes later, that's where Alex and I were, and we occasionally smiled at one another, that is everyone smiled at everyone, during the next while. Doug broke the silence with, "Alicia tastes like honey." Alex knew what to do to make a guy's cock happy, and I was soon moaning and quietly making noises that I couldn't take it. Felicia said, "Let's all slow down." 

Doug said, "Let's show you off to my boyfriend. Do you like reverse?"

"Huh?" asked Felicia.

"Reverse cowgirl."

"Oh, fuck. Sex." Was what she said.

"Uh huh," he answered.

And she road on top of him, and said, "Oh fuck," as she came down on him and he was inside her. Alex and I stopped, leaned against the wall, and masturbated one another as Felicia rode Doug in great sweeping movements.

Alex said, "Your girl's tits just rock. Fuck she's hot."

What kind of gay guys were these? But yeah, her tits do put on a full show.

"Fuck, I know EVERYTHING about you, Lisa!" Doug said in a medium shout.

"And I know every inch there is to know about you," she said back at him in three phrases, coming out in pieces while she continued her ride. She nearly blushed at me and her comment about "every inch". Doug had two more inches than I did, and since that night she's teased me, in a good humor way, about him that way.

The only moment of my having a flash of jealously came after that, when Doug adjusted his position, sat up, and grabbed at her bouncing breasts, and I had to watch as another guy cupped them, squeezed them full on and enjoyed the hardness of her nipples. She smiled widely at his doing that to her.

"Alex," said Doug. "Suck on her titties." He let go of me, joined in on their fun, and spent some minutes taking a tour of her upper torso. Then, while Doug was inside of her and she continued her ride, she told me to roll on her pussy, meaning she wanted her clit rubbed.

Okay, the rest of this goes beyond description and to the unnecessary. I am not gay, but yeah, I was sucked by them and sucked both of them. Alex never was inside of her but he did eat her out and while Doug and I played 69 so did they. Alex also knew how to pound a woman with his hand, and that sent my girl into convulsions. Doug and I actually stopped what we were doing to watch her reaction to his hand work inside of her pussy. This led to a free for all, and eventually it ended well for me, with Doug saying to me, "I want to see how you two fuck." Then he and his boyfriend jerked off one another and came at the same time we did. I was on top of Felicia with her legs around me tightly, and as both of them creamed, with Doug taking the lead, they joined us and Frenched my girl one final time.

Felicia shocked all of us, saying to Alex, "Man, do you know what to do with your tongue!"

Then there was this two minutes of not getting dressed and in the light, taking some time to check out one another. Doug said to me, "She's got fur but her lips are bare. You're a lucky guy. A lot of girls don't know just how to do that."

"Before you get dressed," said Doug to Felicia. "Let's see your vulva from behind. I want to check you out totally."

This led to more finger and hand play by him and my girl's pussy, but it was anticlimactic (no pun intended), though it did satisfy his desire to know everything there was to know about my girl's body.

"You two look great in your underwear," Doug said to us. He was still nude and hung and pretty god-like. Felicia smiled at this, but only carefully, so she didn't make me feel too bad.

The next night in bed during foreplay, she mentioned his cock, and it caused me to get so wild, sex only lasted about two minutes. But it was a good two minutes.