 For so many years I never thought of myself as anything but a mother raising three children. Then a few weeks ago that all changed. 

My oldest son Danny joined the Army for a six year enlistment. His twin and younger brother by eighteen minutes David went off to college with my baby Marline seven states away leaving me alone in this big old rambling house. Their father in his wisdom did leave us well prepared for the future when he died. However I had not thought ahead to this day. 

The morning after the last two left I sat sipping coffee all alone in the kitchen. At first I was kind of feeling sorry for myself. But being a full grown adult of forty four I soon saw this as a benefit rather than a draw back. 

First I had given up ten years of my life raising the kids after my husband died. I am young enough to feel as if I still have time for a life. 

Second I still get a few whistles when I get near a group of men. 

Third at forty-four my figure is slim except for my breasts which are over sized. However that has never been look upon as a draw back either. My well turned ankles still get a few looks also. I have not worn my skirts short for a lot of years but that can change too I think. My hair is shoulder length, mousy brown in color but I think that will be changed too. Not blonde, no I think a darker shade of brown. My olive complexion would not do with blonde hair. 

As I sat there I started to think positively about my being alone. Then this crazy idea comes crawling into my little brain. Why not rent out the top floor as two apartments. Mr. Wheeler my long time friend and general repair man has often said it would be easy enough to convert that unused space into a money maker for me. Two three room apartments with a joining bath will bring four hundred dollars in rent each. That is eight hundred a month I can use toward the kids college fund. Well, OK I’ll call Mr. Wheeler today and see what it will take to make apartments out of the rooms up there. 

But first things first I need to clean out those rooms and either put that old junk in the trash or donate it to the church yard sale which is coming up soon. But I knew it was too much of a job for me alone so I needed help. But who can I get. Sure, why not, that is a great idea. God I am alive with great ideas this morning. I call Timothy; Danny best friend and see if he wants to make a few dollars helping me. Timothy is such a nice boy. He has been over here so much I think of him as one of my own. His mother died when he was ten and for the last twelve years he has been a fixture at our home. 


 Timothy did not want to go to college right away. Oh, he is bright enough but his father is sick and Timothy does not want to go off and leave him. I know he works at the local market but I am sure a few extra dollars will help out. I also need to call the beauty shop and make an appointment for my hair color change. 

So now my list has grown to a call to Mr. Wheeler, a call to Timothy and the beauty shop. That should be enough for the first day.

Mr. Wheeler can start next week and the conversion should only take a week to ten days. Timothy will be here in the morning to help and my appointment at the beauty shop is on Friday morning. This gave me all day to spend around the house doing what I have always done clean and straighten up. 

Air conditioning or not I was sweating by ten o’clock. So I jumped in the shower. I was enjoying the warm water and thinking of what kind of tenants I wanted in my apartments. Young, old, single, married couples or what? I smiled as I thought maybe a nice man of my age, handsome, broad shoulders, bright smile and a sexy walk. Kind of a John Wayne swagger. As I thought of maybe a nice single man I let my hand slip down to that furry patch between my legs. I had not masturbated in years but here I was eyes closed, rubbing my clitoris and thinking of the last time I got laid. God that was so long ago. 

I was remembering a time even before I was married a time when I was just a little out of control. I was mad at my parents and so I let Billy Coalman take me out to the pond where all the kids go to swim. Billy is one of those guys that are way ahead of the girls in sexual ways. He was so smart and I was so dumb. 

When he told me I had to suck him till he cum the first time so I would not get pregnant I believed him. Billy had taken a blanket and spread it on the ground under the trees. It was changing to fall so no one was out there swimming. But I still felt a bit uncomfortable being out in the open. Back then I thought Billy had a really big cock but I later found out different. He was only a small average. 

But I did as he asked and took that thing in my mouth till he cum the first time. It tasted salty, but I liked it and thought I was really some thing. I was eighteen and still a virgin so it was time or so I thought. Billy got me on all fours and when he got behind me he did not take any time at all to work it in my virgin pussy. He just lined it up and rammed it in. He hurt me and I thought this is not the way it should be. However after five minutes of him screwing me it started to feel different. I was starting to get a strange feeling something that I had never experienced before. My blood ran faster and my breathing grew deeper. I started to move to meet his every push. I was squeezing my stomach muscles and taking a grip on his cock at the same time. Then I exploded sending a flow of liquid out of me to run down my legs. There was some blood.


 Billy was a jerk but still wise enough not to want to get me pregnant so he pulled out of me before he cum and pushed the head of his cock into my ass. Not far enough to really hurt but just far enough to shoot my ass full of cum. He later told me that was also to keep from having babies. By letting him push into my ass I learned to enjoy anal sex and before I moved on to my next affair Billy was doing my ass as a matter of routine. He liked it; I liked it and no babies. However once I got married my husband never wanted to screw me that way so I never said anything about how I had enjoyed it. 

The next thing I knew I had a finger in my pussy and another in my rear. I screamed just to hear myself scream and cum for the first time in a long time.

An hour later I was dressed in shorts a pair left behind by my daughter and a T-shirt. No bra and no panty lines I walked out to the garage got in the car and headed for that new market across town. 

Don’t ask me what I was doing I am not sure what I was thinking when I entered the store wiggling my ass like a teenager. I noticed several men watching me walk around and a few younger men or boys smiling at me. I was getting a real kick out of this. I wish now I had put on my daughters low cut t-shirt so more of my tits would show. 

I picked up a long fat cucumber slowly rubbing it through my hands. I looked up to see a man standing at the other end of the table. He was smiling at me. I smiled back and rubbed the cucumber along my cheek while licking my lips. I saw a flash of excitement in his eyes and I think he gasped. But only long enough for his wife to grab him by the arm and jerk him away. I stood laughing out loud. “Your going to get him in trouble.” Came a voice behind me. I turned to see a young man, no older than my own sons standing there smiling at me. “It was his own fault for being a dirty old man!” I said. 

A young broad shouldered man approached me smiling. He held out a strong hand which I accepted. He closed his other hand over mine and it was warm and very arousing. I could see the muscles in his arms were rippling under the skin. I looked into deep blue eyes that were bright under long lashes. I am not sure if he moved closer to me or I to him but the next thing I knew we were touching. His hips were pressing me back into the table. I stammer, my voice muttering unintelligible sounds. My heart beating like a rabbit in a trap I pushed passed the young man running from the store. 

I stood shaking with the door handle in my grasp. I started to cry I am such a damn fool sometimes. I do dumb things and just get myself in trouble. That was when I again heard his voice behind me. “Please, don’t do that, don’t cry. I am so sorry if I upset you. I can be such a jack-ass. Again I am sorry.” His voice was so soft and firm. I turned to see him with a deep furrow between his pretty blue eyes. 


 I almost felt sorry for him. I could see he was truly concerned about how I felt. I told him it really was not him it was just a bunch of things that had built up the last few days and I was just letting it all out. He placed a hand on my shoulder and said he wanted to make up for being a jerk. So when he offered to buy me a cup of coffee I accepted. Twenty minutes later we were sitting in a coffee shop. One hour later I was standing in my shower kissing this young man. His cock still hard after making me climax. I was holding it as we kissed. I told him I owed him a climax. He smiled and asked me if I had anything in mind. I told him I was open to suggestions. He said maybe we should return to the bed and talk it over. 

Still dripping he followed close behind me as we jumped back into bed. 

I pushed him over on his back and sat a straddle him at his knees. His hands were at his side so I clasped them in mine and bent slowly down all the while holding his eyes in my gaze. He made some kind of strange sound as my mouth engulfed his long hard cock. “Oh, Baby, I knew you were a fucking cocksucker the moment I saw your mouth.” “Do you like to feel a hard cock in your mouth?” he asked me. 

I looked up and said “Yes.” Then went back to working my mouth up and down his wonderful cock. 

“Baby, do you want to suck me off? Would you like to drink my cum? Tell me you have sucked off a lot of guys. “He was talking as much for himself as he was for me. So I said”Yes, Yes and yes; lots of cocks.” 

He relaxed and let me do my thing. I licked his cock, caressed his balls and fingered his ass hole. As my finger touched his ass he moaned and I knew I had hit a erotic spot. I worked my mouth fasted up and down his cock all the while tickling his ass hole. His balls tightened up and I knew he was about to erupt in my mouth. It made me so excited I started to climax myself. 

The first spurt was hot and sweet as it shot across my tongue. The second was thicker and heavier with a volume increase. I swallowed sucking much of it down my throat. Then as the third shot came up and out of the cock head I rammed a finger up into his ass. He screamed and shot so much cum so fast there was no way I could count how many times it shot into my mouth. But there was sperm every where. It ran from my mouth faster than I could drink it. 

I pulled back and just watched as the thick milky stream dribbled up and out. He reached down and took a grip on his cock to stop it. He lifted his hand to me and I licked the sperm from his hand. 

“Gayle, for an older fucking broad you’re one fine cock sucker and that working pussy damn near drove me crazy. I was wondering how that ass would feel around my cock. I bet you were a great whore way back when.” He said smiling. He was getting very cocky and some what abrasive so I jumped up and sent him on his way and told him not too come back.


 After he was gone I thought “You silly ass he was ready for more. Why the hell did you send him away?” Deep down inside I knew I was not near ready to play the mother roll again. I was feeling many years of lost desires flowing out and I wanted to make up for lost time. But I was tired so after a shower alone I rested. I did not wake till after dark. I was still in need and I knew masturbating would not do. So I dressed in a thin dark dress that clung nicely around my ass. No panty lines and no bra should give anyone that wanted to look a good idea what was under this dress. 

It was a long drive out to the Riverside motel and lounge but if I was going to be a whore I may as well do it away from home. I slipped on to a bar stool at the end of the bar and ordered a drink. It was near ten o’clock and there was a band playing golden oldies. Most of the men were with dates or wives. But there were a few loose ones around. But it was a lady that came up to me first. She was tall about five ten dark haired and lovely to look at. She introduced herself as Honey no last name. I said “Gayle” in response. She pointed at a heavy set older man at a table near the windows telling me that he and she would like to buy me a drink if I wanted to join them. It was her smile that won me over. So I joined them. 

Three drinks later and a couple of dances with Fred and we three retired to a motel room. 

Fred was a well known figure in this part of the state. He was a large trucking owner and well known for being a play boy. Fred was heavy around the waist. But he was easy going always smiling and very well spoken. Honey fixed us drinks and Fred asked me to dance to the piped in music. I did and as we moved around the room I watched Honey “Get comfortable.” She dropped her long gown on the floor and showed a figure that was one to die for. Long tall and slim except for a very generous set of tits. That needed no help in the support department. 

Fred had magic hands and before long my dress was up around my waist and his hands were rubbing my bare ass softly and his erection was rubbing my leg. I was not drunk but I was to that point where I did not care too much what happened. Standing tall in panties and bra Honey came over and cut in so she and I could dance. Fred moved off to one side and quickly dropped his clothing on the floor on top of Honey’s. My dress fell in the center of the floor after Honey helped me pull it off over my head. Honey dropped her bra and panties so we could dance naked. Honey lowered her mouth and we kissed. That was so erotic also the first time in my life I ever kissed a girl with a feeling of passion. I happen to look over at Fred. He was proudly holding a thick long cock with a much enlarged purple head. I thought “How wonderful that cock would feel in my ass. “


 Fred came to us and circled his arms around the two of us. I reached for his cock. Honey’s hand was also looking for it. So we both held it warmly. Fred dropped a hand on each of our asses and caressed us with a grip that told me he was a very strong man. 

Fred laid me down in the center of the bed with he and Honey on either side. Fred kissed me and Honey sucked on a nipple. Fred’s’ hand went between my legs. He found I was already wet to the point of dripping. But it was not Fred’s kisses that were making me aroused no, not at all. No, it was Honey’s kisses on my breasts. I was gripping his very hard cock and still thinking of how it would feel in my ass but I wanted to kiss Honey and I wanted to suckle her breasts. Some how Fred got me up on my side and wiggled behind me. I felt his cock probing for my pussy so I reached back and guided him in the right direction. 

Now facing Honey I lifted my face for her to kiss. My Hands found her thick bush and a wet slit hiding therein. Honey lifted one leg to allow me free access to her charms. Honey reached down so she could feel Fred’s cock in my pussy. She worked her finger tips around the spread lips of my cunt feeling his cock and my pussy at the same time. This was a strange new feeling that was very erotic. 

Honey moved all of a sudden and before I knew what she was doing she was up over my head her pussy inches from my open gasping mouth. Half twisted I felt Fred start to work faster. He had a wonderful cock and I loved every push and withdrawal. But it was Honey’s dripping pussy near my mouth that drove me crazy. 

My fingers parted the thick bush reveling a red wet opening with two long hanging lips on either side. I thought it was the most beautiful pussy in the world. But I closed my eyes as my tongue darted to the entrance of her love tunnel. Fred’s cock swelled to even greater size and I felt a warm splash fill my insides. Fred was cumming in heavy forceful jolts each time he banged into my ass. But I was so engrossed in licking and sucking Honey’s clitoris I did not join Fred even though I was very close. Honey as close also just then she let go with a flow of warm sweet nectar of the Gods. I had never tasted anything so sweet in my life. I drank and licked wanting more of her. But all things come to an end. Fred’s’ cock slipped from my cunt and Honey lifted her pussy off my mouth. Three very sleepy people lay very still each with thoughts of their own. My thoughts were that I wanted more. I wanted Fred to fuck me again and I wanted Honey to lick me and, and, and, Oh it was just too much to fast and I fell asleep dreaming of wild sex parties with cocks in every opening and pussies in front of me to lick and kiss. 

I woke slowly to find Fred dressed and Honey coming out of the shower. I was naked on the bed were I fell asleep. All of a sudden I was embarrassed. I pulled the sheet up over me. 


 It was near two AM when I pulled into the drive. I wondered what the hell I was doing. Had I become a sex thing or just a common whore? I ran in the house jumped in the shower and took two sleeping pills and hid under the covers.

I was deep in a hole trying to stay there. But something was pulling me up. I did not want to wake, I liked being where I was. But as my eyes worked open I looked up into the face of my son’s friend Timothy. “Mrs. D. are you alright?” He was holding me by the shoulders. He had pulled me up to a sitting position. I was still naked and my breasts were bouncing from him shaking me. I pushed him away and asked “What the hell is going on?” Timothy stood there looking at me with his mouth open. “You were, well you did not answer the door and I got worried about you.” He told me. 

Then I remembered last night, the booze, the lovely girl and getting well fucked. But it was the girl that made me feel, well I felt a deep arousing erotic excitement whenever I thought of Homey. I fell back on the bed remembering Honey sweet pussy. My eyes were closed and I reached down to feel my own tingling clitoris. I had licked Honey’s cunt and she had rewarded me with a flood of sweet juices. I ran my tongue around the inside of my mouth as I remembered how it felt to have my tongue in her. It really was so wonderful to have a thick cock in my pussy as I licked her sweet juicy cunt. My fingers entered my pussy and I was hot all over again. What brought me back to the land of the living I don’t know but I jerked awake again and sat up. 

Timothy was standing there with his cock in hand. He was playing with himself as I had just been doing. My eyes focused on a very large round pointed cock head. Half of his cock was head. It was not as long as some I have seen. But the head was like a large mushroom. Like the ones that pop up in my yard after a rain. 

Timothy said “Don’t stop Mrs. D. Please do it so I can watch.” 

I was surprised and yet not at all embarrassed at Timothy standing there watching me. I closed my eyes and returned my fingers to my wet pussy. Visions filled my head and I saw Sweet Honey, her raven hair, her dark eyes and the ruby red mouth. I felt her kisses and I tasted her as I worked my fingers wildly in my cunt. I felt my climax start down low and work it’ s way up I arched my back pressing my heels into the bed lifting my ass clear off the sheets. I gasped and was taking large gulps of air into my lungs as I felt the fluid flow from me wetting my hand and the bed. 

As I reached a high point I felt the bed jiggle and a warm soft something touch my mouth. I opened my eyes to see Timothy leaning over me with his cock head at my mouth. He was still jerking on the shaft and I could tell he was about to cum.


 I did not think I only reacted. I put both hands around his ass and pulled him into me. The large cock head popped as it entered my open mouth. The cock head went all the way to the back of my throat and there it exploded raining red hot molten lave down my throat. Timothy did not jerk as most men would have. He just strained and let his cock pump the sweet nectar out of his balls up his cock and into my mouth. I held his ass in my hands forcing his cock deep into my mouth. I could not swallow because of the large head pressed to my throat. But the sweet cum was still being forced down my throat. 
