 This time a Black miniskirt not a Red one

BABS

They say you should never go back but that's exactly what we did. Some 13 years ago Tom and I celebrated our anniversary and my anniversary present to him of me in a red miniskirt with a sexual adventure in a Lakeland hotel. This year Tom decided to book a return trip.

I wrote up our experiences with two young guys and how it proved a sexually liberating experience for me and one that led me into many sexual adventures but eventually ones that threatened our marriage.

As a then mid 40s lady who felt she was losing her attractiveness it was a real ego boost to see that my mature body was still attractive to guys in their early 20s and to see how much and how often they wanted me. It was also a thrill for both Tom and me to break several taboos including him sharing me with not one but two guys. 

Obviously, there were a lot of physical firsts for me including me having my first real anal sexual experience (and ultimately several of them) and taking two and three guys simultaneously. After the discomfort of being taken anally for the first time I realised that for a lot of guys this is the ultimate experience and gives them a real failing of taking from a woman all she has to give. The first time did hurt but over the course of the night with decent lubrication it was bearable and on the occasions when I had a cock in my pussy at the same time, I found the sensation of two cocks moving in me simultaneously really exciting and I had some memorable orgasms. 

Most of all I think I enjoyed realising that my body was so desirable to these young guys that it stimulated hard erection after erection and that I really enjoyed seeing, feeling and being taken by guys with hard young bodies and really hard young cocks. I also realised I wanted a lot more of this.

Tom too enjoyed it, I think seeing his wife act wantonly was a real turn on and stimulated really good sex sessions when we got home and led to two very pleasant although not so exciting threesomes with his cousin and then a client from work. 

These made me realise that what I really enjoyed was younger guys with harder bodies and firmer cocks and guys with the stamina to go all night. I realised that women of my age were just if not more attractive to them than younger girls and that dressed to show off my more mature assets that I could experience the thrill of attracting the pursuit of younger guys. My boobs had always been a feature that attracted attention and now I more often than not went braless but my major change to how I dressed was now to emphasise my rear. My night with the young guys had made me realise that my rear which I always thought was too big and my worst feature (and I dressed to hide it) was actually highly desirable to younger guys and I added several pairs of skin tight jeans and trousers and several short skirts. Tights too were replaced with stockings and suspenders and I wore a lot more make up. Tom loved my new wardrobe but I don't think he realised it was more targeted at the younger guys I would see admiring me. 

The business took off and I left work to go into it full time and our sex life became rather humdrum until I received an invitation to go on a 'girls holiday' to Cyprus with three younger married friends from the golf club. To cut a long story short on the first night two of my friends 'got off' with young army guys and invited them to our pool the next day. They were a bit rowdy and seeing disapproving looks from the other guests suggested we go to their hotel and so I found myself in a fairly miniscule bikini and a transparent wrap sitting on a young guy's knee in a crowded minibus with 8 other people. I realised he quite fancied what was on his knee when I shifted position and found I was sitting on a large erection. Back at their hotel it certainly was livelier as the four of us enjoyed being chatted up by 10 guys from 19 to early twenties. We took up their invitation to join them at a nightclub and although I had dressed fairly modestly in white trousers and white top, Tony my army admirer from the afternoon and his friend Ben, who was on holiday, were very attentive all night and kept my drinks flowing and I allowed them to escort me back to our hotel as my friends had all disappeared with other guys. 

With me been drinking all day and the two guys so attractive it was easy to say yes when they asked could they come in for a night cap and we were soon all in bed with them taking me in various combinations. Although they were vigorous in their lovemaking they spent quite a bit of time afterwards kissing and cuddling me and telling me how attractive they found me and especially my big boobs and rear and overall, I felt it was a great experience which heightened my desire for more. I willingly agreed to join them at their hotel the next day.

The other girls had agreed to take the guys golfing the next day so I had to get a cab to the guys ' hotel by myself. I was a little apprehensive when I went to the pool area to find Tony and Ben in a group of about half a dozen guys and a few younger girls and I was glad I had worn a full costume, albeit a rather sheer tiger skin one rather than a bikini. I felt a little embarrassed initially as Tony and Ben were quite relaxed about kissing and cuddling me in front of the rest of the group but as the drinks flowed I felt quite proud to have the attention of these two young studs especially as there were obviously younger prettier girls with much more toned bodies.

I once again agreed to go clubbing with them although my friends had decided to have a more relaxed evening. They had admired my boobs in the animal skin swimsuit sand as I thought I might have some younger prettier competition decided to play to my strengths by wearing a similar very low cut quite transparent animal skin top that showed my heavy mature breasts and nipples off and left nothing much to the imagination. And to emphasise my riper thighs and rear which they had raved about white stockings and a short tight white skirt. I was pleased with all the guys reaction when they together with four of their mates picked me up in the minibus and was relaxed enough to sit between Ben and Tony and let them kiss and fondle me and even lift up my skirt to show their mates I was wearing suspenders and stockings.

Once again, we had a very pleasant evening with lots to drink and I was flattered when not only Tony and Ben wanted to dance with me but also the other four guys. I really enjoyed the attention and even the rather ribald compliments made both directly to me and that I heard the guys make about my boobs and rear when I got up to go to the loo. I have to admit I loved being the centre of attention and really enjoyed flirting with the guys and their mates. I felt very dangerously exciting.

I have to admit I was really up for it when Tony and Ben suggest I go back to Ben's hotel with them 'for a drink'. When we got back we had a few drinks in their room and I was really enjoying the guys kissing and cuddling me and looking forward to another good night of lovemaking when I was surprised to hear a knock at the door. As Ben opened the door, Tony grinned and said "I hope you don't mind us inviting the guys back for a drink as well but they've been lusting after you all day when they heard how good you were in the sack?"

As the guys got drinks, although I was fairly drunk I felt bit uncomfortable about being alone with so many guys and I was extremely shocked when Ben reached across and pulled my top down. As I tried to pull it up he muttered "Don't be silly Babs, the guys have seen your tits at the pool and we have told them how you love giving head and how you like to be ass fucked." 

There was a sharp intake of breath from the other guys and as I tried to pull my top up and Tony very roughly shoved his hand up my short skirt and said "Babs don't be modest you know you really love cock and we are going to give you all you want."

As I tried to struggle free I was very roughly shoved through into the bedroom and my top was ripped open and my skirt pushed up and my pants pulled down to expose my rather large pubic mound which was immediately commented on. I heard various voices rough with sexual excitement, grate "look at the big box on her", "she has great tits", "I'm going to enjoy fucking that big mature ass." 

Although I tried to resist, I was powerless to prevent cocks being put in my mouth, pussy and rear as I became a plaything for six really sexually aroused young guys. For what seemed like hours I was ridden hard in every orifice while they mouthed obscenities about me being a cock loving slut. Dawn was breaking by the time the guys had all slated their lust with me and by that time I hardly recognised the person who looked back out of the bathroom mirror when I tried to tidy myself up to get back to the hotel. My makeup was smeared and my lower lip was rubbed from taking so much cock in my mouth. I felt sick as I remembered the copious quantities of semen I had swallowed. My hair was covered in a mass of dried ejaculate as were my breasts, belly, pubic hair and skirt. Cum was seeping down my thighs from my pussy and rear. The pain in my anus from the six guys repeatedly sodomising me was so bad that I could hardly walk. When I shook Tony awake to drive me back to the hotel, gone was the loving attentive guy who made love to me two nights before, instead he got up with very bad grace and said he would get me a taxi. 

As I hobbled out to the taxi holding my torn top closed across my breasts I was horrified when he opened the passenger door of the car and leaned across to give the taxi driver the money to take me to the hotel he said to the driver "If you are lucky you might get more than this fare from Babs - she has just fucked six of us."

I felt really ill at ease as the driver rather lasciviously leered at me all the way back to the hotel and was really relieved to reach the sanctuary of my room without being raped again. The girls were appalled at my ordeal but said in a way they had expected it as their guys had all been talking about how I had really put out for the two guys the previous night. It took me nearly three days to recover from my "gang bang" and it seriously damaged what had been a new found craving for sexual excitement. It took a very good session with my hubby and a friend to rekindle that interest. 

Hubby was sympathetic but suggested that we keep our adventures safer with just him and discreet friends and colleagues and we had a couple of quite pleasant experiences. But I still hadn't quite got over my desire for younger guys.

When went to party with people from my previous office I dressed in my new sexier style and had loads of compliments resulting in me having quite a lot to drink being greatly flattered by Tim, a former colleague who told me "All the younger guys fancied you and would love to have got you into bed". 

When I said "Why would a really handsome young guy like you want to go to bed with an old married woman like me rather than a girl of your old age?"

He delighted me when he said " Because you've got it all -- you are beautiful and you have a really ripe body -- with a great ass and superb tits. You have no idea how many times I have wanked over the thought of getting you in bed."

Better was to come because we were joined by Carl, a really handsome black guy up on secondment from London, and I spent a very pleasant hour or two dancing with and being drooled over by both of them. Drink flowed and it got terribly warm so I suggested I would like to go outside for a breath of air. 

We went outside and before I knew it they had pulled me into a wind ( alley) near the entrance and both started to kiss me.

As the pair of them were snogging and groping my breasts I thought I would show them that they were not totally in control of the situation and I slipped my hand between Tim's legs to feel a good hard young cock . However, when I reached between Carl's legs I couldn't believe what I was feeling -- it felt like one of the old policeman's truncheons. I couldn't help breaking off to murmur -- "mmm- you're hung like a horse."

Tim replied "Yeah -- women can't believe how big he is."

Their hands that had been originally all over my breasts moved to ruck my skirt up over my thighs and I could feel their obvious excitement when a hand closed over my g string covered pussy and another in the crack between my hips. I sobered up slightly when I felt a couple of probing fingers go past my g string and as I looked down I felt Carl's fingers go deep into my pussy. I think the two guys would probably have had me there and then -- a fantasy of mine -- but for some of the crowd leaving the club. I quickly pulled my skirt down and said " guys -- I'm as keen for it as you but we've got to go somewhere private".

Carl suggested we go to his apartment and I phoned Tom to say I was staying over with a female friend before we quickly caught a cab. The two guys put me between them in the back and I'm sure the taxi driver got an eyeful as my top and skirt were pulled up and their hands were everywhere over my exposed body including them easing off my string to have easier access to my pussy. In fact, the two guys were still busy kissing and groping me when the taxi driver announced we had arrived.

The guys virtually had me undressed by the time we reached their 4th floor flat and I was soon admiring their hard-young bodies and Carl's truly magnificent cock which was about 10" long and quite thick. I hadn't long to admire it as the guys pushed me down on the bed and I soon had my mouth full of Tim while Carl went between my thighs. In spite of Tim's quite large cock pounding my throat I gasped as Carl started to enter the massive head of his cock in me -- after two kids my pussy isn't virginal tight but I felt stretched like I hadn't been since my first time. I gasped even more as he started to push it home -- no it wasn't fantastic as some writers write about women handling large cocks -- in fact it was quite uncomfortable initially and downright painful when he first thrust it fully home as hit the entrance to my womb. But when he realised it had hurt me he was surprisingly gentle and eased it in and out until I was able to accommodate him as I got more lubricated.

I had to turn my attention to Tim as he was thrusting very energetically and roughly into my throat. I concentrated on taking his whole length into my mouth and he was soon climaxing and pumping what seemed to be pints of semen down my throat. As he rolled off I was able to start concentrating on Carl and we soon got into a nice easy pattern of pelvic thrusts as he steadied himself by grabbing my bouncing breasts.

The sight of this beautifully built young guy, the unusual sense of complete fullness in my vagina and his gentle thrusts eventually brought me to an unbelievable series of little orgasms which he enhanced by riding me gently until I had subsided before delivering his load into the deepest recesses of my vaginal channel -- where literally " no man had gone before". As he leaned forward temporarily spent he murmured " Babs, you are absolutely the very best -- that was one of the best rides of my life."

They were soon hard again and when I lowered myself on to Carl's huge Rod, Tim took my rear. With Tim not small and Carl so large I had never felt so 'filled up' but it was pleasurable and I had several orgasms. 

Carl gently rolled me over on to my tummy and gently parting my bum cheeks I felt the most glorious stimulation as he rolled his tongue round my anus before teasing it with little darts in and out with his tongue. 

As I moved my buttocks to meet this stimulation I felt the cold drip of lube between my buttocks and his gentle but insistent fingers working it around my sphincter. As I moaned and glanced backwards he was like the pictures of a Greek satyr as he lubed his massive rod with one hand while opening up my anus to take it with the fingers of his other. 

He pulled me up into a kneeling position on the bed before entering the head of his massive erection into my rosebud. As he eased in I felt my sphincter open and then close after the large helmet had passed through. When I gasped at the enormity of the intrusion he gently whispered " Don't worry I will be gentle because I've been wanting to have this big rear since I first saw you."

I tried to relax as he eased it deeper into my bowels. Since my first introduction to anal sex a few years ago I had not only got over my fear of it but actually started to enjoy it both physically and because I know most guys love it, but this was something completely different because of the length and girth of it. He murmured encouragement as he slipped it inch by inch and I was just getting used to accommodating it when he thrust the last three or four inches home and I screamed with pain as first my sphincter split and he hurt me both deep inside. As he started to ease out I cried out "No -- just let me relax a minute" and I fell forward on the bed with him still embedded deep in me.

I lay for a few minutes as the worst of the pain subsided before I eased up against him and said " Ok- I'll take it but gently". He gently eased a few inches in and out until I was able to take this before getting right up over the top of me to really mount me and give me full length thrusts, as I got more used to him and the lube got worked deeper in to me. I was soon pushing my buttocks up to meet the thrusts of his large rod. I felt and thought I heard the slap of his balls on my ass cheeks as I heard Tim exhorting him to "fuck the ass off her".

In my mixture of pain and excitement I didn't realise Carl was near to climax until I felt the soothing hot relief of his semen spurting deep into the innermost recesses of my body.

I fell forward on the bed with Carl's softening cock still held by my rather ripped sphincter. It was quite some time before I could relax enough for him to withdraw it and it was rather excruciating as he did. 

As I went to the bathroom to tidy up I felt quite decadent to see the mixture of blood, lube and semen seeping from my rear. But because of the damage I called time on any more anal and pleasured them with my mouth, boobs and pussy.

As I had an early start the nest day and the boys claimed I had "fucked them to a standstill, I suggested bed. And I remember falling asleep between them.

I awoke first the next morning and realised that we had all over slept. As I eased over a sleeping Carl I couldn't help looking at his now flaccid cock and remembering how big it had been the previous night. Certainly my rear was aching from its persistent intrusion.

I went straight into the shower and as I was coming out of the shower met a tousled haired Tim stumbling in to the loo. I evaded his grab at my breasts and took a slap to my naked rear as a penalty before covering up with a towel and heading in to the bedroom for my clothes. Carl was just getting up and with a rueful smile said "That was some night Babs, you really are some woman -- I really want to see you again." 

As I pulled on my clothes ready to run he passed his number into my hand and as he held the door open I got a peck on the lips and another slap on the rear. As I looked back from the elevator he was still standing with his long flaccid cock dangling obviously admiring my rear that had pleasured him so much the night before.

I did meet up with him again, Tom found out about it and eventually more or less 'threw me out'. I packed and went to Carl's where I had a bit of fun with him and his married brother and on another occasion with some of his friends but he was moving back to London and he had also started to treat me as a trophy slut for his friends so I asked Tom could we get back and he agreed.
