 A knock on the door sounded. Solid and eager. This is it. The moment that had been thought about for so long was about to become reality.

It had started early in the relationship as part of the usual conversations about past experiences and their desires for the future. It transpired that despite having had fairly active sexual pasts neither had been involved in a threesome. The closest either had come was when she and a friend had both taken conquests home to the house they shared and ended up having sex in the same room.

Over time, the subject frequently cropped up during sex adding some spice and teasing about what it would be like to have another guy join us. Whilst she seemed to get fully into the idea during sex, any attempts to push it further afterwards were met with awkwardness. It seemed like the fantasy would remain exactly that. A fantasy. Never to be acted upon.

One night in June though, her mood appeared to change. The Friday night saw us head out for a few drinks in town to wind down after a hard weeks work. It didn't take long for us to start feeling frisky and sure enough we decided to call it a night after 3 drinks in order to get some alone time.

Having headed home, it took seconds before we found ourselves naked in bed. As we embraced, her tongue forced itself into my mouth and found mine. Enthusiastic and forceful, her hands roamed my body until she found my pulsing cock. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and began slowly stroking me, playing with my length in order to get me fully erect.

Soon enough, the teasing stopped and she kissed her way down my body and her hand was replaced by her warm mouth. She set to work on pleasuring me, gentle licks along the length of my shaft were combined with taking me fully into her mouth. After a minute of this, the subtlety went out of the window and she began a full on assault of my cock, sucking up and down voraciously with an unusually strong appetite.

It wasn't long before the attention started to bring me close to orgasm. Sensing this from my reactions she brought her body up and without a moments hesitation grabbed my cock and slipped it inside her pussy. Despite having had no attention, her pussy was dripping wet and confirmed her desire for a quick hard screw.

She rode my cock with a purpose, increasing the pace instantly. I matched her thrusts and within a minute, my orgasm took over and I shot jet after jet up into her welcoming pussy. She leaned down and kissed me tenderly whilst her pussy continued working up and down, contracting occasionally in a bid to milk every last drop of cum from me.

Having rolled off me, we lay curled up together in a state of bliss. I couldn't help but comment on her performance. "What got into you tonight?" I asked.

"Hmm nothing much!" she replied with a sultry grin on her face. "I just really wanted to have you inside me."

Well who can argue with that, I thought. I looked at her gorgeous face and stroked her skin which never ceased to amaze me with how soft it was. I felt like I was the luckiest man alive.

She was never very good at hiding her thoughts and the sly grin that spread across her face gave away that her mind had drifted to something that had yet to be revealed. Being impatient, I asked her what she was thinking about.

"I was thinking that it's your birthday next month" She said before pausing. "And that maybe we should do something special".

"OK." I agreed. "What did you have in mind? Or is it a surprise?"

She seemed to think this over before slowly responding. "Well... You know how we keep talking about a threesome..."

The rest remained unspoken but the indication was clear. She was actually keen to try it. I was surprised but delighted. I kissed her deeply and spoke softly "Only if you're sure" She coyly nodded in agreement with a beaming grin on her face before returning my kiss with a vengeance.

My cock had reawakened upon hearing her suggestion and pressed into her belly, keen for further attention. First however, it was time to return the favour. My hands roamed her body, slowly kneading her voluptuous breasts, tweaking her large, erect nipples just how I knew she loved. She groaned as I kissed the nape of her neck and then slid lower and took her nipple into my mouth, sucking and gently nibbling sending shooting sensations through her body.

My fingers explored lower and sensing the mood, went straight to her pussy. She remained soaking wet and responded instantly to my touch. Her back arched as she tried to pull my fingers deep inside her. I gently eased a finger inside her and found her clit with my other fingers. She groaned again, louder this time, desperate for a release.

I alternated between kissing her mouth and breasts while my fingers continued doing their job on her pussy. Her body was responding all the time, little convulsions passing through her, encouraging me further. It wasn't long before the convulsions took over in an earth shattering orgasm. It ripped through her, everything else around became irrelevant as she went into her own world.

She lay there for several minutes floating in and out of the normal world, her breathing ragged and her body flushed. Eventually she rolled over and looked at me "That was incredible. I hope you aren't ready for sleep just yet" And with that she spread her legs, grasped my cock and pulled me on top of her.

I was pretty certain that the night activities had confirmed my earlier belief that I was the luckiest man alive.

++++++

For the next few weeks, we set about organising it. In the absence of knowing anyone that we would want to join us, we decided it would be best to have a weekend away and find someone where we could have fun without the worry of being recognised.

Having decided upon our location we began searching the internet for suitable candidates in the nearby area. At this point I felt the need to take a back seat. Whilst she encouraged me to be involved, it only seemed right to allow her to decide the person that ultimately she would be giving her body to.

From my perspective I had few preferences. Being completely straight I had no interest in getting involved with the guy however I did want her to enjoy it as much as possible. I must admit I did wonder how it might affect us in the future but the desire to experience it surpassed those concerns. I wondered if she would want someone younger with more stamina or older with perhaps better quality. Equally I mulled over whether she would want someone with a bigger cock as whilst mine wasn't small and had never had complaints, there were certainly larger out there.

In the end having had contact with several suitors, she decided upon the one she wanted. Arrangements were made and it was now just a case of waiting for the day.

Since her revelation our sex life had gone from strength to strength. The knowledge that we were embarking on a new experience added extra spice to our own relationship and frankly we seemed to be at it like rabbits. We were in our own little world.

++++++

The knock on the door brought us firmly back to reality.

I looked across at her. She sat on the bed, wrapped in the hotels fluffy dressing gown. Normally she was the picture of confidence but on this occasion her face betrayed her. She looked how I felt, full of nerves but equally tinged with major excitement.

She got up and walked across, kissed me tenderly and simply said "I love you" before walking to the door and opening it.

"Hi" she simply said before stepping back and allowing him into the room. He looked exactly like his profile. Introductions were made and drinks were passed round. We chatted briefly but it became clear that the tension robbed us of any desire for small talk. She excused herself to go to the bathroom leaving me alone with him.

I had no idea what to say in this situation but it was apparent he had done this before given his calm demeanour and he proceeded to idly chat away passing the time.

It wasn't long before she emerged. The dressing gown had been ditched and she stood in a pink and black corset with matching knickers and suspenders. She wasn't model thin, instead sporting a wonderful curvy figure but anything she lacked in that regard she more than made up for in sex appeal. She was certainly a girl that knew how to work her assets to their full advantage.

I remained sat in my chair but my mouth was wide open. I looked at our guest and he was in a similar state, a look of pure lust on his face. She came over to me and kissed me once more before turning and walking to our guest.

She pulled him to his feet, wrapped her arms around his shoulders and slowly eased in for their first kiss. He responded instantly and allowed his hands to rest on her hips, content to go at her speed.

They kissed for several minutes, tongues meeting in the middle and hands exploring. He felt bold enough to allow his hands to begin massaging her butt which prompted her to groan softly. She moved her hands to his chest and lifted his t-shirt off to reveal a tanned, athletic body. She took a moment to soak in the look of his body and glanced across at me where I remained sat, watching, excited beyond belief.

Our eyes met and I smiled. At this she smiled back before slowly sinking to her knees, kissing down his chest. She unbuckled his belt, unzipped his trousers and slowly slid them down his legs. His erection was straining against the material of his boxer shorts. It looked a pretty impressive package.

With no hesitation, she pulled them down allowing his cock to spring free. It must have been 8 inches long with good girth, certainly bigger than me. She licked her lips in anticipation before putting her lips to full use, engulfing as much as she could in one go.

She didn't manage the whole length but it was the sexiest moment of my whole life. It seemed strange to say that, watching my girlfriend suck another mans cock but it was undoubtedly exhilarating.

Her lips worked up and down his length rapidly while her hands massaged his balls. His hands rested on the back of her head, watching in delight as she ravished his cock. She pushed him back onto the bed and kneeled before him to continue working his cock thick.

Every so often she would glance across at me. By this point I couldn't help but have my own cock out and in my hand, slowly strumming away as the scene played out in front of me. She took this as a positive and decided to carry on.

She gave one final attempt at swallowing his entire length before rising up, sliding her knickers down her legs and straddling his face, eagerly lowering her pussy onto his waiting tongue. He took the invitation and began greedily lapping up the juices that had already developed, revelling in the sweet taste.

She could feel her orgasm building as his tongue continued to probe her deeply. His fingers would randomly slip inside her pussy and then ease down to massage her ass. As he didn't meet with any resistance he slid a solitary finger inside her asshole. Her body ignited and combined with his tongue sent her over the edge. Her juices flowed into his waiting mouth which he accepted with a smile.

She wasted no time in recovering, knowing there was much more to sample before the night was done. She moved down and perched on his thighs, massaging his cock back to its full length. Once she seemed satisfied, she moved her body up and placed the tip of his cock level with her entrance. She hovered for a moment and looked at me before sinking slowly down. I wanted to cum right then. The look of pleasure on her face was amazing.

She took her time adjusting to his extra size, taking shallow slow strokes but soon enough her horniness took over and she increased the length and speed of her movements. His hands groped her fulsome breasts as she rode, teasing the nipples to further excite her.

He began to match her thrusts and slowly took control of proceedings. She was generally submissive so was more than happy for him to assume the lead and tell her what he wanted. He sat up and leaned her backwards allowing him to soak in the view of his cock penetrating her. Shallow thrusts followed while his fingers glided across her clit.

He motioned for her to get up and move onto all fours. She gladly obliged and positioned herself so that she was staring straight at me. Our eyes locked as he moved in behind her and in one swift push, sank his cock back inside her. Her mouth fell open in sheer delight at the returning feeling of fullness and her eyes taking her into her own world.

I could take it no more and had to join in. I stood up and undressed in record time. I perched at the end of bed and moved my cock towards her mouth. Despite still having her eyes closed, she sensed my approach and eagerly opened up and began sucking me in. Every thrust he made from behind pushed her further onto my cock, ensuring that in no time at all, she was deepthroating my entire length.

It was clear from his ragged breathing and quickening plunges that he was on the verge of spilling his seed deep inside her. She sensed as such and diverted her attention from sucking my cock to instead thrusting back against him and encouraging him to fill her up. On cue, he unloaded into her. He seemed to last forever, emitting moan after moan while she remained poised, looking back at him and soaking it all in.

He pulled his cock from her and collapsed onto the bed, spent for the time being. She however seemed revived and lay down on her back before returning her attentions to my cock. I took the opportunity to lean down over her and admire her freshly fucked pussy. I had never given her head after sex before but the sight of her pussy, slowly leaking his and her fluids prompted me to break new ground.

We carried on in a 69 for several minutes bringing me ever closer to orgasm when I glanced at our guest and saw he was watching intently and appeared ready to join in once more. I stood up and told her to sit on the edge of the bed and carry on sucking me off. I glanced back at him and motioned for him to join us – he quickly got the idea and came and stood next to me, offering his now semi hard cock to her as well.

Not wanting our guest to go unsatisfied, she took him back into her mouth and began bringing him back to full hardness whilst she took my cock in her hand and began steadily wanking me.

My desire got the better of me and I pushed her back onto the bed and lifted her legs onto my shoulders allowing me to slip easily and deeply inside her. It was an odd sensation knowing that she had only just been fucked but her velvety warmth saw to it that it was nothing more than a brief consideration. As I began to pound into her, she turned her head to the side and devoured his rigid cock.

The lust inside me was unbelievable. I loved this position anyway when I could see myself sliding in and out of her as well as the way her breasts jiggled in time with my movements. To add to that, she was clearly loving every minute of her body being used by 2 people at the same time.

We carried on in a similar vein for several hours, moving her into every available position, switching between her pussy and her mouth until we all collapsed in a heap. The room reeked of sex while the sheets and her body were both covered in cum. We chatted briefly before our guest left, leaving us alone.

"So...?" I said to her. "How was that for you?"

"Incredible" She said after some time. "Happy birthday babe..."

We embraced and despite our exhaustion, our arousal levels once again increased. I slid on top of her and gently eased into her abused pussy. She grimaced slightly, sore from the volume of cock she had experienced over the last few hours but encouraged me to carry on. We gazed into each others eyes and proceeded to have the slowest, most intimate intercourse we had ever had.

We had experienced the most amazing night but at that moment, all thoughts of our guest were banished and it returned to just being the 2 of us, alone again but seemingly far closer than we had ever been.

And this was just the start.