 I am a recently single 35 year old bisexual male who needed to get away for a while after the fairly messy end of a long-term relationship. I needed some quality 'me time' and so went on the internet in order to put into action my escape plan. I managed to pick-up a reasonably priced all-inclusive deal for 10 days at a 4-star resort in the Dominican Republic, with accommodation to be allocated on arrival. Five days later, I had just stepped off the plane into the heat and humidity of that tropical paradise. 

It took me quite a while to pass through immigration, but this meant that my suitcase was already waiting for me on the baggage carousel. I was very happy to see that my bag had arrived safe and sound, as it contained something of great importance to me – my collection of sexy underwear and beachwear! I had also slipped in a few of my favourite toys to help me get in the holiday mood. I was needless to say very relieved when customs waved me through without wanting to look at the potentially embarrassing contents of my suitcase. I was met outside the terminal by the holiday rep and was directed to a nearby coach, where I sat for a while waiting for the other holidaymakers to be processed. After a short while, the coach had filled up with the usual mixed bunch of package-tourists and we set off on a circuit of the resorts. 

During the journey I took the opportunity to observe my fellow travellers and tried to work out if there might be anybody who I would be able to have some holiday fun with. There were a number of families on the coach and I discounted them immediately as the children were likely to hinder any serious chance of adult fun with their parents. There were also a number of couples of various ages, but it can be quite difficult to make a proper assessment of somebody's potential when you can only see the back of their heads! Based on my first impressions, the most likely candidates seemed to be a young, giggly couple sat towards the front of the bus and a second couple, appearing slightly older than me, just across the aisle from where I was sitting. There was also a group of 3 females, probably in their mid-20s, who looked promising. 

I sat there trying to picture what my 'chosen few' would look like in their beachwear. I imagined the young couple by the side of the pool, with her wearing a small white bikini and him wearing board shorts, rubbing sun-cream into each other's shimmering bodies. In my mind, the 3 ladies were lying on their fronts topless and they had pulled their bikini bottoms up into the crack of their ample behinds in order to maximise their tans. The older couple were more difficult to assess, although I managed to place the guy in figure-hugging Speedos fairly quickly. A took another glance at the female and guessed that, as an older woman who was probably more comfortable with her body, she would probably wear a brightly coloured and very skimpy thong bikini. I could hope couldn't I?!   

Happy with my first impressions, I sat back in my seat and tried to take in the scenery, hoping that this would relax my over-fertile imagination. Unfortunately it didn't work, as the journey immediately became a lot bumpier as we turned off the main road towards the first resort. It was at this point that I was reminded about what underwear I had put on the day before for my journey abroad. With every jolt and shudder of the bus, I became more and more aware of the tight fitting thong that I was wearing. The strap of the skimpy garment was riding deeper into the crack of my firm ass with every pot-hole. I felt the first stirring of my loins as the delicate material rubbed against my sensitive bud with every sliding movement of my bottom on the seat. I revelled in the see-saw sensation of the material in my ass crack and my growing bulge started to tent my trousers. I looked around the coach to make sure that nobody had witnessed my predicament and, with a slight amount of embarrassment, I noticed that the woman from the older couple was staring and smiling at me. I swallowed my embarrassment and smiled back at her. She then winked at me and threw her head back in laughter. My cheeks coloured slightly, but inwardly I was pleased that she had noticed me and that we already had some form of connection, however small.

My attention was once again diverted, as we arrived at the first resort. A number of the families and a few of the couples got off there and it was a while before we got going again. It was a similar story at the next resort and I was disappointed to see the young couple from the front of the bus also disembarking. We lost the 3 ladies at the third resort and by the fifth and final hotel, there was just me and 3 couples remaining. I was, however, relieved to see that the older couple was amongst them. We jumped off the coach and went through to reception for check-in and welcome drinks. After that we were given our 'all inclusive' wrist bands, which entitled us a free reign of the resort's facilities, and then we were taken on a quick orientation tour. It seemed a nice enough resort, with the standard features that you would expect at such a place. It had a large lagoon-type pool, separate outdoors Jacuzzi pool and fronted on to a stretch of private, white-sanded beach. There were the usual selection of restaurants and bars, all free of course, and the normal array of sports facilities including a sauna and indoor Jacuzzi.

The one thing that I noticed during the tour was the absence of families or children at the resort. This pleased me somewhat, as I realised my chances of wearing skimpy beachwear without offending anybody had dramatically improved. It also made me hope that this would greatly increase the opportunities for some adult fun during my holiday.

The rooms, arranged in 2 –storey blocks, were either positioned around the pool, overlooked the beach or were dotted amongst the abundant tropical gardens that landscaped the resort. I had been allocated one of the first floor rooms overlooking the pool area, so was very happy as this would give me maximum opportunity for people watching. I was ideally positioned to check out my fellow holiday makers in their beachwear, a major hobby and fetish of mine. I love nothing more than a looking at a hot woman or man in a skimpy bikini or Speedos. I adore the way that a small piece of fabric can accentuate and enhance all those curves and bumps, whilst also stimulating the mind about what it is hidden underneath. 

It was with these thoughts that I drew the curtains in my room and stripped off my travel-worn clothes in order to jump in the shower. I lingered over removing the thong and took great delight in slowly peeling the thin strap from between my cheeks and sliding the silky material down my long legs. I turned on the shower and checked out my reflection in the mirror as I waited for the water to fully heat up. I was pleased with what I saw. I am 6ft tall, slim, have light brown hair, blue eyes and freckles. I also have a 6 inch long, fairly thick, uncut cock. I am naturally not very hairy, but I give nature a helping hand by shaving my cock and balls. This is essential if I want to wear some of my skimpiest thongs. As I admired myself in the mirror, I ran my hand over my bare genitals and, as I grazed across some patches of stubble, I realised that it had been a couple of days since I had last shaved. 

I grabbed my shaving gear and hopped in the shower. I revelled in the sensation of the hot water pounding my travel-weary body. I stood in the revitalising spray for a while, as I let the steam and coursing water open my pores ready for shaving. My mind started to wander as the cascading water soothed my tired body.

......I pictured the older couple from the bus on their knees in front of me worshipping my smooth cock. They took turns taking my swollen glans in their hot mouths and swirling their eager tongues around the sensitive flesh. The man started to take more of my throbbing shaft into his willing mouth, as the woman turned her attention to my silky-smooth balls. Her tongue swirled and trailed across the taut skin of my flushed scrotum as her husband sucked my engorged member deeper into his experienced mouth. I felt her reach between my parted thighs and gently probe my yearning ass, as she continued her ministrations on my twitching balls. I moaned with pleasure as her fingers slowly penetrated my tight hole, my cock starting to throb fervently between his pursed, slurping lips....... 

I managed to rouse myself from my erotic fantasy and focussed my attention on tidying up my aroused genitals. I turned the shower-head to face the wall and massaged some shave gel around my swollen shaft and tight balls. I pulled the taut skin of my scrotum even tighter as I drew the razor across the pink flesh trying to remove all traces of the two day old stubble. I then moved onto my engorged cock and made sure that the skin around it was completely smooth and inviting. My cock twitched as I ran my hands over my groin savouring the revived silky-smoothness of my private parts. I pulled the shower-head back over to me and washed away all traces of the shaving gel, revealing my bare, swollen genitals in all their glory. In a continued state of arousal, I started to pump my throbbing shaft as my mind drifted back to my recent fantasy. 

......She moved behind me and firmly pulled my fleshy buttocks apart. I felt her hot breath on my puckered hole as her probing tongue started to swirl around the sensitive knot. He continued sucking and slurping on my pulsating cock, taking as much of my swollen shaft in his juicy mouth as he could. He began to pump his mouth up and down my engorged member, twirling his fervent tongue around my receptive glans on every up stroke, his lips almost kissing my smooth torso on every down stroke. She probed my willing ass with her tongue and my hips jerked forward pushing my slippery cock deeper into his accommodating mouth......  

I came back into the real world as the sensations in my straining cock started to overwhelm me. My tight fist pumped my solid shaft faster and faster, my shiny, swollen glans pulsating with every aggressive stroke. My legs started to feel weak as I sensed a familiar tingling in my taut, eager balls. I braced myself against the shower wall as I continued to pound my almost-bursting cock. A low moan escaped my parted lips as I felt the molten fluid gush through my pumping cock and burst free of my straining glans. The sticky liquid sprayed hotly against the glass of the shower cubicle with every shuddering pump of my battered cock. My shaky legs finally gave up on me and I slowly slid to the floor of the shower, my inflamed glans still dribbling the seeds of my ardent desire.

When I caught my breath back, I cleaned myself up and got ready to go down to the pool in order to catch the few remaining hours of sunshine. I sorted through my swimwear collection, hesitating about what I should choose for my first outing to the pool. I settled in a pair of figure hugging, black Speedos from which I had removed the lining. This meant that I would look to be dressed reasonably modestly from a distance, but on closer inspection the outline of my cock and balls would be apparent through the thin material. I wanted to get the gauge the atmosphere at the resort before I wore one of my more daring outfits in public. I grabbed a book, my sunglasses and some sun-cream and headed out to the pool.

I grabbed a towel from the attendant and set myself up on an empty sun-lounger facing the pool. As I settled myself in place, I took the opportunity to check out my fellow holidaymakers. The pool area was very quiet at that time and I was disappointed to see that the older couple from the bus were not around. No-one else really grabbed my attention, so I settled down to read my book. 

When a shadow fell across my book, I suddenly became aware that somebody was stood besides me. I looked up and saw that one of the waitresses from the poolside bar was asking me if I wanted a drink. I was immediately captivated by her bright smile and she giggled over my stuttered response to her question. I distractedly glanced at the proffered drinks menu, but I was really more focussed on checking out the charms of this pretty waitress. She was quite young, probably in her early twenties, fairly slim with small, pert breasts and a lovely plump bottom. I finally decided on a Long Island Ice Tea and she said that she would bring it across to me in a few minutes. I watched her walk back to the bar and was hypnotised by her swaying buttocks. She was wearing tight, white shorts and I was pleased to see the outline of a thong through the figure-hugging garment. I felt my recently battered cock start to stir again as I took in the magnificent spectacle of her womanly charms. 

I decided to jump in the pool to help cool my ardour and swam a couple of lazy laps whilst I waited for my drink. I got out a few minutes later and towelled myself off, as I saw the waitress preparing to return. I smiled warmly as she approached and was pleased to see that she responded positively to the gesture. She placed my drink down on the table next to me and then hesitated, seeming somewhat distracted. I looked around to see what had caught her attention and then I realised that she was staring at my groin. I had forgotten how transparent my unlined Speedos turned when they were wet and was surprised to see the full glory of my shaven cock and balls clearly visible through the damp material. I caught her eye once again and she blushed, smiling shyly. I thanked her for the drink, acting as if my privates weren't on full display to her, and she slowly returned to the bar. It may have been my imagination, but I'm sure that her voluptuous ass was swaying a lot more seductively when she walked away for that second time.  

I settled back on the sun-lounger and savoured my cooling cocktail, revelling in the fact that the potential for holiday fun seemed to be growing with every new encounter. Whilst I has pondering these possibilities and enjoying the feel of the strong, tropical sun on my scantily clad body, I noticed the older couple from earlier coming out of the same accommodation block as I were staying in. They quickly glanced around the pool area and then decided to head down to the beach instead. I watched them walk away and had my first proper look at them in their swimwear. She was wearing a diaphanous, long white shirt over what looked like a yellow bikini of some sort. He was wearing a t-shirt and some tight black lycra swim-shorts. I only managed to have a quick glance at them before they moved out of sight, but I was impressed with both of their figures at first glance. 

I tried to return to my book, but my mind kept returning to the couple who had just walked by. I had been enticed by my first sight of them in their beachwear and I was impatient to see more. I gulped down the remnants of my drink and headed for a walk along the beach to see if I could spot the subjects of my latest obsession. The hot white sand felt like furnace against the bottom of my feet as I stepped onto the beach. I paused for a moment to take in the view and spy out where the couple had gone. I spotted them 50m or so to the left along the beach and so I headed off in that direction for a closer look. As I reached them, she was in the process of rubbing sun-cream into his back. She had taken off her thin shirt and I could see that she was indeed wearing a skimpy yellow bikini. She had medium-sized breasts that were straining beautifully against the small triangles of material holding them in place. Because of her seated position, I couldn't see what she was wearing on her bottom half. He was still wearing the lycra swim-shorts which seemed to be bulging quite nicely. They were both a little more thick-set than me but were still very attractive to my lust-filled mind. I walked on passed them, trying not to arouse their suspicion as to my intentions and continued along the beach for a while.

Once I'd reached the outer limits of the resort's private beach area, I started to walk slowly back to the hotel along the water-line. The cool surf felt great as it swirled around my ankles, soothing my sand-burnt feet. I slowed down even more once I'd reached the couple again, hoping to get a longer, lingering look at them. She was now lying on her back with her legs towards me and I was surprised to see how skimpy her bikini actually was. I gasped when I saw the tiny triangle of material that was barely covering her pubis. I knew at that instant that she must either completely shave her pussy or trim it very heavily, as there was not a stray hair in sight on her almost-exposed groin. I also revelled in the sight of the thin strip of fabric of her thong disappearing between her smooth, rounded buttocks. With thoughts of wonderment coursing through my mind, I turned my attention to the man next to her. He was now lying on his front with his legs towards me and I was somewhat shocked to see that he had actually taken the swim-shorts off and was now only wearing a thong! I could just make out the thin strap of black material disappearing into the crack of his creamy, white ass. I hadn't expected that and stumbled to a halt in the surf. At that moment, the woman looked up and caught me gaping at them. She winked at me again and then laughingly waved, before nudging her companion and whispering to him. I regained my composure, waved back at her and tried to saunter nonchalantly off into the distance.


I was still reeling from the unexpected treat I had just observed when I got back to the hotel complex. I was heading back to the pool to catch a few more rays, when I heard loud music coming from the gym building. Intrigued, I stuck my head round the door to see what was going on. A very under-subscribed aerobics lesson was in progress and, although none of the 3 somewhat overweight women caught my eye, the instructor certainly did. He was like an ebony Adonis, the sweat glistening on his muscular body as he barked exercise instructions at the labouring women. He was wearing a red muscle top and figure-hugging black lycra shorts, both of which displayed his toned body perfectly. I was hypnotised by the sight of his bouncing lycra-clad cock as he carried out the various exercises and I soon realised that he couldn't have been wearing any underwear. His swaying cock seemed huge and I was surprised by how few women were taking the class considering the view on offer. He noticed me stood by the doorway and gestured for me to join in. I shook my head and pointed out the fact that I was not correctly attired. His eyes swept down my body and momentarily lingered on my Speedo-clad crotch. He then winked at me, shrugged and then carried on with his class. I stayed for a few more minutes, enjoying the sight of his firm, lycra-clad ass as he led the class in squat exercises. I finally managed to drag myself away and I returned to the swimming pool.

My mind was working in overdrive as I tried to relax by the pool. I was thinking about all the gorgeous people I had seen today and contemplating the sexy fun that was potentially on offer. After a few minutes fantasising, I was roused from my musings by the arrival of the gym instructor by my side. He introduced himself as Eric and then proceeded to explain the various classes and facilities that were on offer. I was only really half-listening to him as my attention was once again drawn to his bulging crotch. The lycra shorts were clinging damply to his hot body and my first impressions about his impressive endowment were confirmed. My mind eventually tuned back into his voice and I realised he was telling me about the sports massage service that he offered. He explained that it was not only good to relieve muscle tightness after exercising, but could also be beneficial after a long plane journey. He obviously realised that I had just arrived. The thought of this hot, muscular guy with his hands all over me was obviously appealing, so I asked if he was available to give me massage that evening. He confirmed that this would be ok and said that he would come to my room at 6 o'clock. I asked what I should wear for the massage, unsure as to whether I should be naked or not. He said that my Speedos were fine and his eyes once again seemed to linger on my crotch. With the details arranged, he left to get freshened up and prepare his gear for my massage.
