 I got up off my knees and grabbed a towel to wrap around my waist, as I watched the activity in my hotel room. Eric was cleaning himself up and trying to squeeze his still swollen cock back into his discarded jockstrap and shorts. Gloria had recovered from her recent self-induced orgasm and was rearranging her clothing to cover her modesty. I invited Eric to stay and spend some time with Gloria and I, but he declined, explaining that he had another massage appointment, this time with a female guest. I called him a lucky sod, but he shook his head ruefully and explained that as he was gay he generally preferred clients like me. I responding by saying that I hoped he was not too disappointed with the payment I had given him for his excellent massage. He smiled and told me that I was a good little cock sucker and that he very much looked forward to fucking my tight, white ass in order to cover the rest of his bill. Gloria giggled at that and also when I responded to say that I was very much looking forward to it.

Eric finished dressing, gathered his things and dismantled the massage table. He came over to me and grabbed my still aroused cock through the towel and leant in to kiss me with his full lips. I responded to his kiss and our tongues sparred briefly, as my cock swelled to his touch. He promised to return the following day for his next payment and left to get ready for his next appointment. Gloria watched this exchange with a glint in her eye and she told me that she found it extremely arousing to watch two guys together. She then went on to say that she hoped I liked pussy as much as I obviously liked cock. I confirmed that this was indeed the case and said that I couldn't wait to show her. I walked across to where she was still sat and fell to my knees in front of her. I grabbed her smooth thighs and gently pulled her towards me. She took the hint and sank lower in the chair, parting her thighs and thrusting her crotch towards me. I slid my hands further up her thighs and raised her dress so that it was bunched around her waist. 

Her light-blue satin panties were stretched tautly across her puffy, swollen outer lips and darkened with the juices from her recent climax. I bent forward and swept my tongue across the taut fabric, savouring the aroma and taste of her hot pussy. She sighed happily as my tongue and lips explored her folds, the fabric of her panties darkening even further as my saliva mingled with her fresh arousal. I used my fingers to probe her bulging lips as my tongue continued to lap against the slick material. I then put my hands under her thighs to lift her bottom off the chair and pulled her damp panties down her parted thighs. I asked her to stand up so I could completely remove her underwear and then stood up in front of her. My towel was nicely tented by my throbbing erection as I grabbed the hem of her dress and lifted it over her head. I stood back and admired her completely naked body for the first time. 

I smiled broadly as I looked Gloria up and down. I liked what I saw. Her breasts were smallish, probably about a B-cup, but were fantastically pert. Her nipples were quite large and were visibly swollen with her arousal. She had a slim waist which then flared out to her womanly hips. I asked her to turn round and she did so willingly. Her high, rounded ass was a wonder to behold and it almost seemed to defy gravity with its pertness. I complimented Gloria on her gorgeousness and she smiled at my obvious attraction to her. I then took her by the hand and led her to the bed, where I got her to lay down on her back with her legs spread. I dropped my towel to the floor and my raging hard-on bobbed up and down as I climbed on the bed next to her. 

I leant and kissed her mouth, her plump lips melting against mine. My tongue darted between her parted lips and tussled with hers. When we broke off the passionate kiss, she commented on the fact that she could taste herself and Eric on me. I asked if that was a problem, but she shook her head and said that she loved the taste of sex. I took the opportunity to ask her if she was also bisexual. She smiled, almost shyly, and explained that she had never been with a woman but would not be adverse to it. I grinned broadly, winked at her and said that I would see what I could sort out. She giggled and rolled on top of me, pressing her soft mouth against mine once again. 

Whilst our tongues explored each other's willing mouths, I felt Gloria's fingers circle my smooth, engorged shaft and start to pump it slowly. I moaned at her touch, but broke off the kiss and pushed her back onto the bed. I told her that it was her turn now and started to butterfly-kiss my way down her long neck. She sighed happily and I continued my journey down her gorgeous body to her pert breasts. I twirled my tongue around the swollen buds of her nipples, my teeth nipping tenderly at the sensitive flesh. I sucked one nipple gently into my hot mouth, my tongue still twirling, whilst my fingers encircled and teased her other breast. She moaned with pleasure and arched her back towards me, forcing her soft fleshy breasts against my face and hand. I disengaged my hand and slid it slowly down her heaving belly towards the molten seat of her desire. My mouth continued to suck and nibble on her swollen breasts as my hand reached my goal and cupped her pubis. I rocked the palm of my hand against the plump flesh as my fingers probed between her slick outer lips. Gloria moaned again and lifted her groin off the bed, pressing firmly against my exploring hand. I parted her swollen outer lips and gently traced circles through her inner moistness with my fingertips. I broke off from teasing her blood-filled nipples with my mouth and kissed my way down her stomach, my hands still exploring her molten arousal.

I positioned myself between her splayed legs and leant forward to plant butterfly-kisses on the smooth flesh of her inner thighs. My fingers continued to circle through her slick juices as my tender lips moved closer to her exposed pussy. Gloria grabbed my head and pulled it towards the centre of her arousal, impatient at my teasing kisses. I inhaled her musky aroma as my mouth and nose were forced against her slick, swollen flesh. Eager to taste her flowing juices, I parted her outer lips with my fingers and pressed my tongue against the moist, pink flesh. I swept my tongue in long flowing strokes from the bottom of her flowing pussy to her pubis, my tongue grazing briefly against her swollen clitoris on each pass. She moaned passionately and tousled my hair with her clawing fingers. I changed my focus to her throbbing bud and started to sweep my tongue around the hard knot of flesh. I circled my tongue around her swollen clit, not quite touching the sensitive bud. I eventually stopped teasing her and gently flicked my tongue against the yearning, swollen flesh. My lips sucked gently on her engorged hood as my tongue grazed her throbbing clit. Her moans were coming more frequently now and I kept up a constant rhythm and pressure against her throbbing pussy, as her rigid fingers clawed against the back of my head. Suddenly she cried out and forced my head against her squirming groin, her legs flailing around me. My tongue tried to follow her pulsating clit as she thrashed and bucked against my face, riding the waves of ecstasy coursing through her body. Her rigid, orgasmic body eventually fell back into the tangled bedding, her chest heaving with the exertion of her climax. 

When she recovered, Gloria smiled blissfully and beckoned me to her. She kissed me softly but fervently, savouring the taste of her own arousal on my glistening lips. My rigid cock pressed against her thigh as our tongues tangled and I once again became aware of my own passion. Gloria also seemed aware of my arousal and she asked if I had any condoms. I said that I did and got one out of the bedside cabinet. I rolled the thin latex onto my smooth, swollen shaft and smiled ardently at Gloria. She smiled back and parted her thighs, inviting me to stick my rigid cock in her molten pussy. I positioned myself between her splayed legs and rubbed the head of my sheathed cock against her slickness, watching her shudder with pleasure at the sensation. She took control of my rock-hard member and eagerly guided it towards her glistening hole. 

I pushed forward slowly and revelled in the sensation of my swollen glans sinking into her tightness. I continued to push gradually into her slick tunnel until my silky-smooth balls were resting against her warm flesh. With my cock buried deep inside her, I looked Gloria in the eyes and was greatly satisfied by the needy look on her face. She begged me to fuck her, so I slowly pulled my cock almost all of the way out of her and then plunged back inside her tight hole. I started to fuck her with long, deep strokes, enjoying the sound of my bare flesh slapping against her slick body. She grabbed my fleshy buttocks and pulled me deeper inside her, fervently trying to get me to speed up my long, slow strokes. I relented and grunted passionately as I started to pump my cock faster in and out of her moist hole. She was clenching her pussy each time I plunged my throbbing meat deep inside her and we were soon both moaning and grunting with the overwhelming sensations. She reached down to her own pussy and started to finger her recently battered clit as my swollen cock thrust in and out of her slick hole. 

I gritted my teeth as I fucked Gloria with hard, fast strokes, my climax drawing closer with every squeeze of her eager pussy around my pumping rod. Her fingers started to stroke her swollen clit faster as she approached her second orgasm, her eyes closing and back arching from the bed. The sight of her flushed, ecstatic, beautiful face tipped me over the edge and I grunted as I felt the hot fluid course through my thrusting cock. I shouted that I was cumming and she redoubled her efforts on her swollen bud. My molten liquid burst out of my twitching cock and Gloria screamed and bucked as she reached her own climax. I continued to thrust my spurting cock inside her writhing pussy, her contractions milking every last drop of my sticky juices. 

Finally spent, I collapsed on top of Gloria feeling her racing heart beating against my own heaving chest. We smiled warmly at each other, as my cock slowly started to deflate inside her slick pussy. I pulled myself out of her and took the condom off my dripping cock as she looked on. I was going to throw it away, but she stopped me and took it from me. I watched as she eagerly emptied my hot cum into her open mouth, savouring my sticky juices on her tongue. She beckoned me over and pressed her cum coated lips against mine. Her probing tongue pushed against mine and she swirled the viscous liquid into my willing mouth. We both savoured the sticky liquid and our tongues jostled for a while. Once we had finished eagerly gulping down my hot cum, we just lay there gently stroking each other's bodies in a post-coital bliss. 

As we lay there, Gloria explained that she was fascinated my completely smooth cock and balls, as she had never seen that before. She asked me how I got my genitals so silky smooth and I told her that it was just by shaving. I took advantage of her obvious interest and offered to shave her pussy, so she could enjoy the great sensation of smooth genitals herself. She appeared to think about it for a moment and then somewhat enthusiastically agreed to my suggestion. She explained that we would have to do it another time, as it was getting late and she needed to get some sleep before work tomorrow. I invited her to stay the night, but she declined and retrieved her discarded dress and panties. I took one last look at her gorgeous body, before she slipped her dress over her head and smoothed it down over her thighs and still damp knickers. After we arranged to meet the following evening for her 'hair-dressing' appointment, she kissed me good night and bid me farewell. After Gloria left, I slumped exhaustedly onto my bed worn out by that evening's shenanigans. I smiled inwardly as I replayed the evening's events in my head and thought about the sexy fun that tomorrow would bring. 

To be continued...