 Episode 7 – The MMF

George was about to depart the next day on his trip to the east coast, he had finished packing, and was checking his emails for any last minute items. Since his wife was fast asleep, he decided to check his private account to see if Diane had got his message that he was traveling to her area.

Diane and he had been chatting on Literotica for over two years now, and had finally got to meet a year ago for a drink and talking at one of her favorite bars. They both hit it off, but a suddenly sick sister-in-law had prevented Diane from coming back to his hotel to have some fun.

George had proposed another meeting to her about a month ago, and her response was accepting to the possibility of fulfilling each of their desires. The arrangements for George's trip had been finally approved by management, and George had found he would get in almost one full day before the meeting.

Diane told him she would be working late that evening, but she might have some time to meet after work.

George remembered that Diane sometimes made love to her current lover in the back of her SUV, and suggested that that might be fun. Unfortunately, George found out that Diane had just picked up her twin sons from college, and the SUV was full with their dormitory stuff. Packed full.

George logged on to his Gentle George account, and his heart started to beat rapidly as he saw an email from Diane. He looked down the hall, and could hear his wife lightly snoring, so he knew he was safe. He clicked on the email and it opened.

From: Diane

Subject: Re: This Week

What r your thoughts on a threesome MMF?

Gentle George wrote:

OK, will try to stop by your work at 9 pm on Monday. Just need an address.

Wicked thoughts in the back of a SUV.

Gentle George

Now George's heart was really racing. And his brain. He remembered that Diane had always fantasized about having a threesome, with the thought of a cock in her pussy and one in her ass, or being fucked while she sucked off another dick. But with whom was she proposing to do it with it? Then George remembered his long chats on business trips on Lit where Diane had described her affair with her lover. And did she mention that he had mentioned a desire to play with another man's cock, to get sucked off by another man, to even being fucked up the ass. Hmm, George pondered.

George checked his watch. Diane could be still up, sitting at her computer. He quickly wrote a reply to her email, saying that he was very up for a threesome with her. He pressed the send button, and off the email went.

He waited a few minutes, but there was no reply. Darn, it is summer time, and with Diane's twin sons back home, they tended to hog the computer at night. Reluctantly, he signed off and went to bed.

The next morning at the airport, George's flight was delayed, so he wandered over to an internet kiosk and logged into his private account. No email from Diane. He thought about signing off, but then he decided to express himself about having a threesome. He wrote:

Headlights,

I realized that I did not give you my thoughts, and you desired an answer to your question. I would like to do something that really turns you on. Really blows your mind.

And I know you have had many fantasies of doing this. Two men, in your arms, doing what you want them to do. And I believe that there are two things you want to see, do, or feel.

The first is feeling a dick in your pussy, while a cock moves slowly in your ass.

The thought that I can feel him in you and you can feel us both, and the stimulation of your body, is beginning to make me hard as I write this in the internet cafe surrounded by many folks.

I imagine that I will be in your ass, and I recall the time you let me produce so much pleasure while we chatted. I would gladly return there, and maybe we might switch off, if your lover so desires to try anal sex.

I can also think of where you might have both of our cocks in your face, sucking and licking one, and then turning to suck the other.

A while a double penetration is what you really want for a mind-blowing climax, you want to see your lover and I playing with each other. You would like me to fuck his ass too, as you want to see his face and see if he enjoys the same anal pleasure that you enjoy. You would also love to watch each of us suck each other's dick, seeing how two guys would do it, knowing that they know how it feels.

So I would propose I arrive Monday at nine, the superstore is closed, and just your lover, you, and I. And then play for an hour or so in that training room that you have described. And see how it goes, and how you feel. Oh I want to eat your pussy for real, and pinch your nipples, and kiss you deeply on the mouth.

Gentle George

Writing the email caused George to have a soft erection, but the public address system announcing that his flight was boarding made it subside, and he hit the send button and logged off.

The first flight went well, and George exited knowing he had almost two hours layover in Atlanta. He found an internet café and logged on, seeing an email from Diane.

From: Diane

Subject: Re: This Week

This is what my Lover said to me after I forwarded your messages to him:

Holy Cow He sounds just right for us!!!

I want to play, I think you know that!

I am just not sure I can make it work that late.

What if it did not work at night but Tues. morning??

If you get a room Monday night we could play in the morning..

You can see him anyway Monday, I think you should.

I want to do this more that you know. My cock is tingling now!

If I can stay out late then just go by the hotel and meet you in the room, I will!!!!

HUGS Babe!

What do you think?

Diane

George looked around the internet café, thinking that everyone there was reading Diane's email. His heart was beating fast, and he decided to take some long breaths to relax himself. He pressed the reply button, and started to write back to Diane.

He wrote:

Diane,

I enjoyed reading what he thought. To think I got his cock tingling. That I really enjoy.

I cannot wait to see you naked, as we only had that one chance and had coffee.

But you know I could not keep my eyes off of you, and what was underneath your sweater. And pants.

I look forward to sucking his cock, licking it slowly up and down his shaft. And you watching me do that to him. And you watch him as he sucks me. As I finger his ass, getting it use to first one finger, and then two, and then my dick.

Maybe I will fuck his ass while he fucks your pussy, so that you can see his face.

And feel how hard it makes his cock with a dick in his ass. Of course, slowly, gently.

And of course, the thought of you having a double penetration, something I know you have wanted for so long. And you get to choose who is in which hole, at first, I imagine we may want to try a few different positions to see what is comfortable for three folks. To all climax, you several times.

Look forward to tonight and maybe Tuesday morning too. With you. With your lover.

Gentle George

He pressed the send button, and realized he still had almost 90 minutes before his flight left. He accessed his business email account, leaving his private account open. In about 15 minutes, he was surprised to hear a little bell ring, signaling he had received an email. He saw it was from Diane.

From: Diane

Subject: Re: Note to your Lover

Gentle George,

Tuesday morning looks like a go....

Yes the motel by my house is the one to use I think.

It is a ____ Inn, on ______ Blvd., just off of ____ Road

Here is what my lover said last night.....

Oh Babe! All I think about is us in a MMF 3some!!!

I hope this does not hurt your opinion of me!! I am not a gay guy!

I have had this fantasy for so many years!!

I will try to call you today! So you can bring me up to date on the plan!!!

Want You! HUGS

We must be gentle, take it slow, I am very nervous also, I talk a good line, but in reality, OMG scary stiff.....

I work with this guy and see him almost daily....

I don't know if I ever described him to you: about 5 foot 9 inches tall, lots of very white grey hair, wears a yachting cap most of the time. He is heavy with a gut (actually not heavy all over, just the "over 40" male paunch), very hairy arms, and a black full bushy mustache, with full black eyebrows, brown eyes.

He has a farmers tan already, just face neck and arms....

I know guys do not care about appearances much, just thought you might need to know something.

Diane

George quickly replied, and Diane returned his email:

From: Diane

Subject: Hi again (Monday)

Hi again.... It is exit ##B

The _____ Inn

That is where he knows and he said he would be comfortable with it.

We both agree that night time is a better feel, but the morning is what we have available.

He can be there at about 8: 30 as can I.

I might come earlier.....not sure....I am not a morning person, hard to wake up.

Tonight I would like a re-acquainted drink or two, if that is OK.

Don't want to be all worn out for the morning ; )

Call me on my cell at 9:15; I hope that is not too late for you.

Not sure what the Twins are doing tonight, must keep up appearances.

Talk to you soon,

Diane

Then the loudspeaker announced George's flight, so he logged off without replying to Diane. He was on his way to her, and would meet her that night.

The hours until 9 pm could not go fast enough for George. Around 6 pm, George bought an adult movie on the hotel cable, and masturbated, taking a page after the movie "There is Something about Mary," where the actor masturbated before his big date so he would not be so horny.

He left where he was staying and drove towards Diane's town about 8 pm.

He found the right exit, and remembered that Diane said the hotel would be on the immediate left. There was a construction detour sign, and he followed it, not knowing the neighborhood. He saw a hotel, but it was a Holiday Inn, and it was on the right. Nothing looked right. George was in a panic. He made several u-turns, and finally found himself back at the Holiday Inn. He pulled in and found a pay phone to call Diane. She laughed, as it was now almost 9: 30 pm. She gave him directions to a bar, about three miles away.

He parked the car; it was one of those bars in a small strip shopping center. He walked in, looking first at the booths away from the bar. He did not see Diane. He was puzzled, then started slowly looking for her at the tables, and finally to the several folks sitting at the bar. She smiled, and he walked sheepishly up to her, giving her a kiss. "Sorry, I got lost."

"And I see you don't even recognize me anymore?"

"Your hair is shorter, and lighter than last year." "It's grayer now, dear."

They both laughed, and the bartender walked over and George ordered a whisky sour.

Diane and George quickly caught up on what each had been doing, what their spouses and kids were doing, and light banner. George finally took both her hands in his, and said, "I know you are nervous, so am I, but everything will be fine, and you will have a great time." George bought Diane another glass of white wine.

Diane then proceeded to tell George about the bar on Wednesday night, as swingers use it to meet and get to know potential partners. Another story for another time.

Diane and George went over what was going to go on the next morning with her lover. He would meet them at the hotel at 8: 30 am. Diane might arrive early, if she got up early enough, but would certainly meet her lover in at the hotel parking lot and they would come up.

It was now almost 11 pm, and George asked Diane whether they should now leave and go get a hotel room. Diane realized that she was too tipsy to drive her SUV, so she agreed to come with George on the drive over to the hotel. She and him walked out of the bar, holding hands. George had parked right next to her SUV, and it was loaded with college dorm stuff.

George had to stop at the cash machine, as he knew better than to use a credit card. He drove to the hotel, and went in to the lobby and got a room. He went to the room, and then called Diane on her cell phone, and she came up to room 320.

Diane walked into the room, saying, "I think my lover and I have used this room before," and began laughing. He liked how relaxed she was. She then went into his arms and they had a deep kiss for several minutes. Diane then walked over to the bed, and took her shoes off, lying down on the bed fully clothed. 

George came over to the bed. They continued to kiss, and George began to rub her neck, her ears, her forehead, and her shoulders. His hands moved down to her breasts. He gently massaged the right breast, and then moved to the other, causing her nipples to harden. She lifted up her blouse, and pulled it over her head. He began rubbing both breasts with his hands as they were encased in her bra, and quickly that was unclasped. He leaned down and began sucking on her nipples. "Lick them hard, suck on them hard, you can bite them if you want," Diane said. He followed her directions until she had a climax just from him playing with her nipples.

"Put a rubber on, I want to be fucked," Diane said after her climax subsided. "I won't fuck you tonight, I will save that until tomorrow," he replied.

"You don't have a condom, do you?" "Uh, no, I thought you would bring your toys and stuff with you." She started laughing again, saying "How could you not have a condom with you?" He finally said, "I appreciate your desire and thought, but tonight, I will lick you and eat you again and again, and tomorrow, you will be properly fucked by her lover and I."

George pulled down her pants, and then her panties. He began to kiss the inside of her thighs, and began to lick and suck on her clitty. He played with her clitoris for a long time, causing Diane to have five or six very hard climaxes. He began to finger her cunt, and Diane insisted he put several fingers into her. And more fingers. Finally, he had four fingers in her pussy. She was talking about how someone once had fisted her, but George could only push four fingers inside her. He then pushed four fingers of his other hand inside her, now having eight fingers in her cunt. She screamed and climaxed not believing that he was fucking her with both his hands.

George kept his pants on during the next two hours and kept his promise. Diane and George got dressed, and he drove her back to the SUV in the bar's parking lot. On his way back to the hotel, George stopped at the Seven-Eleven and bought two packets of condoms for tomorrow. He got back to the room, set the alarm clock for 7: 30 am, and fell fast asleep.

George woke up and jumped into the shower. He was done and dressed in 20 minutes, so he turned on the television and watched the morning news shows.

It was 8: 30 am, and there was no knock on the door yet. Finally, the phone rang, and he answered, "We are coming right up, see you soonest."

Diane knocked at the door, and George opened it up to both her and her lover. Her lover, was carrying three fancy coffees, and brought them into the room and sat the tray on the desk. Her lover turned to George, reached out his hand, which George then shook, "Hi, I am Ted." "Hi, I am George." Diane laughed softly at the formality of the two men who were about to fuck her silly.

The three of them then opened their cups, and took a deep drink. George sat down on the bed, the television still on. He reached for the remote, and turned it down, and then just hit the off button. Diane then took off her outer clothes, revealing a sexy blue outfit that Ted had never recalled her wearing.

Diane then pulled a chair against the wall, and brought out her large vibrator and a clit pumper. She sat across from George and Ted, who were sitting on the bed, watching her start to play with herself. The clit pumper hooked on to her clit, and she pumped its little air bulb to apply pressure on her clitoris. Ted and George sat there watching, fully clothed, and drinking their coffee. Finally, Diane said, "I need my nipples sucked on." In unison, Ted and George got off the bed, went to each side of Diane, got on their knees, and began sucking on each breast.

Diane had warned George that she was going to try to control the action, telling each of them what she wanted to do. It started off that way. She handed the air bulb to George and told him to keep pumping it. Ted was playing with her nipple and kissing her. George started to rub her pussy outside her outfit which was beginning to fall off.

Ted said, "Its getting hot in here, I am going to take off my shirt." He pulled his shirt off, and George did the same. They continued to play with Diane's nipples, and stroke her body all over. She said, "You two need to get comfortable." Ted and George then stood up, pulled their pants and underwear off, standing in front of Diane sitting on the chair. Diane stood up, and moved over to the bed, lying down with each man on one side.

Ted started to kiss her on the mouth, so George moved down her body and began to nibble on her clitty. While eating her, George reached over to play with Ted's cock. It looked very much like his own; and it was semi erect, and so smooth. Diane moved on the bed, with Diane and Ted moving into a 69 with George's crotch, and George moving to face Ted's slowing hardening dick.

George could feel someone start to lick his cock, so he began to lick up and down on Ted's. While he was blowing Ted off, he could hear Diane and Ted talking softly, and realized that they were both sucking on his cock or licking his balls.

Diane told him later that Ted was asking what to do, with Diane doing a show and tell on George's dick and balls. Meanwhile, George was enjoying sucking a cock, something he had not done in a few years. Ted was getting harder in his mouth, and George enjoyed that.

Then Diane rolled Ted on to his back, and she mounted him. At first, George watched the two lovers fuck. He then went behind them, and moved his mouth closer to Diane's pussy and Ted's cock. It was just like a porn movie, watching Ted move in and out of Diane's cunt. George could not resist, he moved closer and began to lick downwards from Diane's pussy to Ted's shaft to his balls. He sucked on the balls, and then went upwards to his cock to her pussy, and then reamed her asshole with his tongue. He heard Ted tell Diane that George was sucking his balls, and Diane then said that he was tonguing her asshole. Diane then said, "Fuck me George in my ass."

George reached for the condoms on the nightstand, beat his meat a little watching Diane fuck Ted, and put the rubber on. He then moved behind them, and slowly pushed his dick into her ass. Diane was finally having the double penetration she longed desired. The three of them moved around a little to get into a comfortable position and then get into a little rhythm. George could feel his cock rubbing against Ted's. They continued to fuck until Diane came.

Diane then moved to a sitting up position, and ordered Ted and George to bring their cocks for her to play with. She played with each, and rubbed them together. George started to play with Ted's nipples, and Ted played with Diane's nipples.

Ted then lay on his back, with Diane lying on her side in between Ted and George.

Ted looked at the clock radio, and remarked that he would have to leave in a few minutes to go open the superstore. Diane was rubbing his chest down to his cock.

George reached around Diane, and began to masturbate Ted. He asked Ted if he wanted him to beat him off. Ted agreed. Diane and Ted started to kiss, while George began to play with Ted's cock and balls. George could feel the tension rising in Ted's dick, and figured he would come in a few minutes. He thought about moving around and sucking him off, having Ted come in his mouth.
