 Episode 3: Two Fantasies

Here she was a fifty plus year old grandmother, butt naked in a hotel room with three strangers, having the time of her life. Her girl friends will not believe her next Thursday when they meet for cards.

Of course, I was the wicked old man who got her into so much trouble, or pleasure, depending upon your point of view. And I was one of the three strangers in the hotel room with her.

She was the typical woman who grew up in the late 1960s and early 1970s in the suburbs of Cleveland. She did not feel she was smart enough to go to college, and besides, her parents did not have the money having sent her older brother off to Notre Dame. She got a job doing clerical work in the office of a small company that made customized plastics for the automotive industry. After a year working there, she started dating one of the salesmen, losing her virginity on the fifth date. She realized that she did not really enjoy his company, though he was a nice man, and broke it off with him, after having seven subsequent dates and rolls in the hay.

She met by accident her future husband at a Cleveland Indians game one Saturday afternoon, when he slipped and spilled his beer all over her blouse trying to get back to his seat. He offered to pay for the cleaning, and this gave him an address and eventually a phone number to ask her out. They hit it off fine, enjoyed a lot of common activities, and three months later they slept together and six months later they got engaged, after she found out she was pregnant. They decided to skip a big wedding, and with a couple of friends went to see the justice of the peace one afternoon.

Two more kids followed over the next five years and she quietly had her tubes tied shortly after the birth of her second daughter. Two boys and one little girl were enough for her. Hubby had a steady job with the automotive industry that allowed her to become a stay at home wife. Hubby traveled about two to three days up to Detroit about once a month, came home after work without stopping at the bars, and they generally had a very loving relationship.

In their 26th year of marriage, she woke up early one morning to see her husband lying in pain on the floor beside their bed. He had chest pains and his left arm hurt, and she quickly called 911. The ambulance took him to the hospital; and after surgery and a week in the hospital, hubby returned home for about two months before he went back to work. That was ten years ago, and for the most part, hubby followed his doctor's advice in losing a little weight and giving up some fatty foods.

What really did change was in the bedroom. Hubby no longer had any desire for sex. He would still cuddle and spend about twenty minutes giving her a back rub each night when they went to bed, but he never had any sexual desire anymore. The first few months, she let it go, figuring that he needed to build back his stamina and strength. Pretty soon, a year had gone by, and he had not even hinted. She attempted on his birthday to spice things up, but he just thanked her, giving her a big kiss, and rolled over and fell quickly to sleep.

She thought then that her husband was having an affair, but there did not seem to be any time he was not at work or home. The office had pretty much eliminated his business trips due to his health, and he came home straight from the office each day. They usually went out to dinner one or two nights a week and they went to the movies or a sporting event on weekends. He bowled on Tuesday, and he did go there as he kept the records for the teams. He did love his Indians, Browns and Cavaliers, watching them play whenever they were on television if they were not attending a game. She always attended games with him. The only time she did not go with him was his bowling night, and she saw how he pulled together the averages and standings over the next couple of nights.

And he was not spending time on the computer; he did his bowling records by hand and calculator. The computer was a hand me down from their middle son after he finished college, to be updated after their daughter finished college and replaced the first computer with hers. She became somewhat addicted to exploring the Internet, as that is how I first met her, online.

Meanwhile, back to the bedroom. She made several attempts over the first couple of years to get him in the mood, but finally she just gave up. She saw no evidence of him getting erect, even when a sexy advertisement appeared on TV. And there was no evidence of any solo activities as she washed his clothes each week.

At first, she was more concerned he recovered from his heart attack. Then she realized that she was quite happy to not be doing it four or five times a week. And she did not lack from intimacy as he gave a nightly backrub and cuddled with her. But she missed not having sex and talked about it to her best friend. Her girl friend suggested a number of things from having an affair to scouting out the local teenagers, all of which she definitely did not want to do. She did find that she was reading more science fiction, though most did not include any detailed romantic or sexy scenes.

One day, with nothing to read, she was exploring the Internet when she found a science fiction story online. Well it started out as a science fiction story, but it quickly got into an intense sexual scene. A story about some alien who came to Earth and took the identity of someone and then had an eventful night with a young willing woman; told from the woman's point of view, who did not know he was an alien. She laughed a bit at the plot, but found herself really turned on by the sex. She went to the bedroom (it was hubby's bowling night), got undressed, and started to rub her clit while holding open the lips of her pussy. She quickly masturbated thinking about what she had just read. If only she had a lover who would do all that.

Afterwards, she looked at the web site, and you guessed it, it was Literotica. This got her to look at the other stories, many of which she enjoyed. Eventually, she tried the chat site, where she met me one day and we chatted.

Fast forward a few months, and one of my business trips was going to take me to the Cleveland area for a week. I let her know that I was going to be in the area, and reluctantly, she agreed to meet for dinner on Tuesday evening. And nothing else, she was a married lady after all.

Well, I was a gentleman, and we met for dinner that evening, and nothing else. We both had a great time, she was very intelligent and she even laughed at my jokes. I walked her to her car and she gave me a nice kiss. When I got back to my hotel room and opened up my laptop, I had an email from her.

I really enjoyed our dinner. Hubby was talking about going to a Cav game tomorrow night, maybe we might get together again for drinks, maybe at your hotel -- I hear they have a band nightly there. Oh, how wicked to say such a thing. See you.

I wrote her a reply that I would be interested in meeting on Wednesday night if she was free, and made sure she had my cell phone.

About noon the next day, she called me and said she could meet me about 6 pm. I suggested the bar at my hotel, and she agreed.

She walked in the room, and several eyes turned to admire the lady. Carla stood about 5 feet 5 inches, with moderate heels in a dress that went to her midcalf of some shapely looking ankles. She was not model thin, but more matronly around 150 to 160 pounds, with a nice roundish behind and smallish breasts. Her hair was colored a reddish brown, and she wore a moderate amount of makeup. Carla saw me sitting there at a table, smiled and then walked directly to me. I rose and pulled out her chair, and she sat down. I motioned to the waitress and Carla ordered a Bud Light.

"So how did you find a way to get out of the house tonight? I think the game will end about 9 pm."

"I told hubby that the card girls were getting together about 7 pm and we decided to just hit a bar and have a girl's night out. I told him that we probably be home by 11, but don't be surprised if it's later or earlier. He laughed at me and wished me luck with all the young studs."

"So he won't be expecting you for some time. What would be your pleasure?"

"I saw a sign that the band will not start up until after 8, so why don't we go up to your room for a little while, then if we feel like it, come down for some dancing later."

She took me by surprise, but I quickly recovered, and got up and then offered her my arm as she stood. We walked quickly to the elevator and entered it, with a couple of guys who followed us into the elevator. It stopped at one floor with one of the men getting out, then on to my floor, and Carla and I stepped out and walked to my hotel room. I paused and looked at her as I got the card out and inserted it into the lock, and she mouthed "let's do it."

We walked into the room, and after I closed the door, she came into my arms and we began to kiss. And kiss tenderly and heavily for about five minutes before us both came up for air. She then excused herself, and walked into the bathroom and closed the door. I went to the king sized bed and sat down.

About seven minutes later, the bathroom door opened, and she asked me to turn off the light near the bed. She had kept the bathroom light on, and I saw her walk to the bed, without a stitch of clothes on.

"This will not do" as she began to unbutton my shirt. I quickly got undressed, and pulled the covers and sheet off the bed. We started to kiss, and I slowly rolled her on to her back. I began to kiss her neck, then moved downwards to her nipples and then to her belly button, tickling her a little. I then moved between her legs, licking on her clit and sliding my tongue down and then up her pussy lips. I then gave her my best efforts and was rewarded with her moans and then shouts as she came and came. After about thirty minutes and I don't remember how many climaxes, she pulled my head away, saying that she could not take it anymore. She did not believe that my wife would not let me ear her.

I then moved up and she kissed my lips and face, wet with her juices. She reached down and guided my cock into her pussy. A very gently fuck proceeded for the next ten minutes, when I rolled her on top of me, and she rocked back and forth, raising up on me so that I could also play with her breasts and pinch her nipples. We finished our evening with her getting on her hands and knees, and me fucking her from behind while I fingered her rosebud. I rode her hard, and came inside her. After I got soft and fell out of her, she got on her back, and then I ate my spunk out of her pussy, causing her to cum a few more times. She then got up and went to the bathroom.

After she came back from the bathroom, with her bra and panties now on, she sat down on the chair across from the bed. She said:

"Well that's one of my fantasies fulfilled. I wonder if you are up to fulfilling another?"

"And that would be?"

"I would like to pick up another couple and make love to both of them."

"Are you sure?"

She nodded, and we began to get dressed. Carla and I went back to the bar, chose a table that would give us both a good view of the place. Because it was a nice hotel frequented by the business traveler types, there were only two couples present. One looked like they were in their late twenties, while the other couple was probably not married to each other. He looked older than I, and she looked to be barely out of high school. We talked about each of them, and we both agreed that the old man and his tart were last on our list.

"Let's wait a little bit to see if anyone shows up, but meanwhile, let's dance"

We both got up and went to the dance floor for several fast and then one long slow one. We watched the crowd, but no other couple came into the bar. After the slow dance ended, we went back to our table and the waitress came by. I pointed to the young couple and asked what they had been drinking. The waitress told me that the couple had ordered a beer and a cocktail about an hour ago, and had been nursing their drinks since then. I ordered them another round, and the waitress delivered the order to their table. They seemed surprised by our charity, and the guy mouthed a thank you. About ten minutes later, Carla and I got up to dance again, and we danced a couple of songs; then left the dance floor walking toward the couple's table.

I said, "We have had a very good day and we thought you folks should share in our good fortune." They thanked us, and we started to walk towards our table when they asked for us to sit down at their table. I went to get our drinks, and then joined them.

The young couple had not had a good day. They were from Milwaukee, and had come into town due to the death and funeral of the young lady's aunt. After two days with her family, the fact that there was no room to stay at her parents as her siblings had taken up any vacant space, and the higher cost of the hotel rooms then they were expecting, plus the grief and sorrow for losing a person the wife was close to, had really got the couple down. Carla grabbed Bob's hand, and told me to take Donna and let's go dancing. We danced a fast one, then traded partners for another fast one, then traded again for a fast one. Then a slow one, and I was dancing with Donna while Carla slowly grinded against Bob's body. Carla was whispering in his ear, and then before the dance ended, we switched partners again. Carla told me that she had made the suggestion to Bob, and he responded that he was definitely interested and was something that they had fantasized about, but he had to see if Donna was up to it tonight. We stayed out on the dance floor for a couple of fast ones, giving the young couple time to discuss our proposal. A slow song came, and we walked back to the table, with Carla taking Bob's hand and I did the same to Donna. 

While dancing, Donna asked me if we really were serious, and I assured her that we were. After the dance ended, Carla led Bob to the elevator followed by Donna and myself. Carla asked Donna where would she like to go, and she said that our room would be OK. We got to my door, and while I fumbled to get the door unlocked, Carla gave Bob a nice kiss on the lips. Carla dragged Bob towards the bed and started to make out with him. Donna looked at them and then at me, and I went over to the chair and sat down, motioning to her to come sit on my lap. I apologize to Donna that we had left the bed in such a state, she laughed and kept her eyes on Bob and Carla making out on the bed while I rubbed her shoulders.

Donna just sat there, letting me give her a massage while Carla and her husband ended their kiss, and Bob started to unbutton Carla's blouse and rub her tits. Carla took her bra off, letting her breasts fall out of her blouse, and Bob began to suck on her nipples. The sight caused my cock to begin to get hard, and I'm sure that Donna could feel it starting to poke at her lovely ass.

Meanwhile, Carla had pulled her skirt off, and Bob had slowly pulled her panties down her legs to her knees. He surprised us by then moving his head between her legs, starting to lick up and down her snatch. He turned to Donna and me, and said that I had already cum inside Carla's pussy and he could taste me. Donna reacted with a moan, and pressed down on my cock. I moved my hands to starting to massage her lovely pert breasts through her dress. She leaned backwards, and it gave me more access to her front. She was clearly turned on by what her husband was doing, though I hope she was also enjoying what I was doing to her too.

I whispered in Donna's ear that Bob sure knew how to lick a pussy, and she murmured an agreement. Carla began to moan, and I knew she would be coming soon. I asked Donna if she would like to lie down on the bed, but she told me that she just wanted to watch Carla and Bob right now, but don't stop my breast massage.

Bob moved up on Carla and she grabbed his cock, inserting it in her cunt. I leaned forward to look at Donna's face, and her eyes were wide open as she watched her husband began to fuck Carla. I asked her if she had ever watched anyone fuck in front of her. Donna shook her head no. I moved one hand from her breasts, and moved it down to her lap. Her skirt was bunched up, and I began to massage her thighs. Her legs opened, and I began to move to her pussy. I rubbed up and down, and then found her clit.

As Bob and Carla fucked on the bed, I had Donna sit up as I removed her panties, then I began to finger her with one hand while rubbing her clit with my thumb and pinching her nipples with my other hand. After a few minutes, her moans changed and I figured that she was having an orgasm. 

Well the next couple of hour was quite a blur, with Donna finally letting me take her clothes off and getting on the bed next to her husband and Carla. At one point, Carla was sucking on Donna's nipples while we both fucked the women.

I looked at my watch, seeing it was now a little bit past 11 pm. Carla and I started to get dressed, and I explained to Donna and Bob that she had to get home, and that I was going to walk her to her car. They were welcome to stay as I would be back in about ten minutes or so.

Carla and I rode the elevator, and she whispered in my ear what a great time she had had. I walked her to her car, and she gave me a great kiss before I opened the door and let her drive away. As she pulled away, she wound the window down and said "get going you moron, there's a couple in your bed waiting to play so more."

I walked out of the garage and into the hotel, and pushed the elevator up button. I figured that I had a fifty-fifty chance that Donna and Bob would really still be there when I got to my room. I opened the door, looked at the bed and had a smile on my face.