 I came home late and as I expected you were already asleep. I stopped at the door to our bedroom and watched you peacefully sleeping, your chest rising slowly. You looked so happy. It was a hot night, you had pushed the covers down to your waist, and your powerful manly chest was lit by the soft streetlight diffusing through the curtains.

I slipped my clothes off and sneaked over to the bed with my beasts bare. I lay down next to you and ran my hand over you chest. You moaned softly in your sleep, and smiled. I snuggled close to you and kissed you shoulder, my hand softly stroking your belly and chest. I started to notice a little stirring under the sheets. Were you having a nice dream? I pushed back the sheets - I always enjoy watching your cock fill in. Watching you get an erection is almost more exciting than seeing you have an erection. Your cock was soft and relaxed, starting to grow in length. It flopped on to your belly and started to fill in even more. I wondered what you were dreaming about. I softly touched the underside of your cock and tickled it lightly with my fingernails. You thickened even more and stated to stand up. I gave your head a little squeeze and felt your cock stiffen under my hand. What a beautiful cock you had - full and long with a thick smooth head.

I leant over and looked at your hard cock closer. I slowly leant in closer and licked the head - it twitched, I giggled. I got up on my knees next to you and took your beautiful cock head totally in my mouth and sucked slightly, letting my lips slide over your head as I pulled off. I spat on your head and slowly started to stroke my hand up and down over your head and shaft. You started mumbling on your sleep - I couldn't understand what you were saying. I pumped you cock faster and faster.

"Oh Kirsten." you said.

'Kirsten! Who the fuck was Kirsten?' Here I was giving him a hand job and he's fantasizing about some other chick. I didn't have a moment to think about it before he pushed his legs back against the mattress and shot a great glob of come up in the air. 

'Wow! That was a huge shot.' I thought.

"Ahh, aaah." you groaned as you came again and again. There was come all over my hand and your belly. I had got a shot of thick come in my hair.

Your eyes flick and I can see that you are waking up.

"Honey?"

"Hi babe. Sorry i woke you up."

"That's okay - a very nice way to be woken up."

"Were you having a nice dream?"

"Yeah I was, thanks to your efforts no doubt."

"No, you got a hard on from the dream - that's why I jerked you. Who is Kirsten?"

"Kirsten?"

"Yeah - you thought she was stroking your cock when I was."

"I don't know, Kirsten Dunst maybe."

I got you and wiped the come off my hands on a towel and out of my hair.

After a moment asked. "So was I there as well?"

"What honey?"

"In your dream where Kirsten was sucking you cock, was I there as well?"

You waited a little moment and then replied with a smile "Yeah, you were there too."

"And what was I doing?"

"You were getting pounded by Kirsten's husband, Horace."

"Horace - did you just make that name up?"

"Maybe. I was watching you as Horace shoved his big prick in your pussy. Your tits jiggled with each thrust, and then you turned to watch as Kirsten slurped my pole. Do you like watching Kirsten sucking my dick?"

"Yeah I do like that, especially while Horace shoves is hard cock deep inside me."

"You like that? Cool."

*******

The next morning I was sitting at the kitchen bench sipping orange juice and reading the newspaper when you came in. You were freshly washed and smelled sweetly of cologne, your suit was neatly pressed. You came over and kissed my neck just below my ear. That always gives me shivers, I love that.

"Morning honey." you say.

"Hello, love."

You go over to the counter and pour yourself a cup of coffee. You have your back to me and you ask "Would you like to have a threesome?"

"What was that?" I couldn't believe that you could ask something like that so calmly while you stir sugar into your coffee.

"You seemed excited about the idea of group sex last night."

"I thought we were just dirty talking."

"Well now I am asking you, hypothetically."

"I don't know." what we had talked about last night was wife swapping, not a threesome. That was still couple sex, it was adulterous, and very risqué, but threesome suggested homosexuality as well as infidelity. Not that I felt comfortable with wife swapping either. I am too jealous for that.

A friend told me that a threesome is always going to drive a wedge in a relationship due to envy of the attention that the other girl gets, no matter how small that attention may be. I had played around with a couple of girls at college. One I had made out with for a while when I was drunk at a party. The other had squeezed my tits and touched my pussy when I was feeling very confused and vulnerable. It had felt nice at the time, but I felt dirty afterwards and decided that I was a confirmed heterosexual.

Another argument is that if you were thinking about it, maybe I would lose you if I don't do it. It sounded quite fun, maybe.

"I'll have to think about it."

*******

Later that night, while you were brushing your teeth I walked into the bathroom wearing a satin negligé.

"Okay, I'll do it." I said.

"What?"

"The threesome, honey. I'll do it, for you."

"Oh I knew what you were talking about. I have been thinking about it all day. I didn't think that you would, but thank you, love." You rushed at me and kissed me passionately on the lips, smearing toothpaste all over my face. You picked me up and spun around laughing.

"I promise you are not going to regret this!" you say and put me down. "Just give me a few days to get things organized."

*******

The night of the even has arrived! I have been replaying the events of the last few days over in my mind. You and I are sitting on the sofa sipping wine while we wait for our partner to arrive. I am slightly terrified, but will not show it. But I am excited as well, like a girl on prom night. I am wearing a soft thin dress with a long skirt, I am not wearing panties. I spent yesterday at the beauticians and was waxed all over - legs, underarms, Brazilian. I know that you have shaved all of your pubes off and clipped the hair in your ass crack. Your chest as always is waxed and beautiful. You are wearing a simple white shirt and black jeans. I look over at you and I am filled with a feeling of love for you. I know that you are the only person for me, that I want to make you happy, that i would do anything for you.

"I love you." I say "I really love you baby."

You get up, come over to me, and kiss me firmly. You taste of wine.

"I love you too, honey. You don't know how much this means to me."

"I want you to be happy."

"I am." you smile sweetly, then go over to check on the fire.

Soon there is a knock on the door. My chest tightens up, I am full of thrilled anticipation. My breath comes short and hard. I stand up, feeling everything as if my skin has been accentuated somehow. I feel the cloth of the sofa under my palm, I feel the cold table as i put my wine down, I feel my dress sticking to me where my juices had overflowed. Good God, I am excited. I take a deep breath and walk slowly towards the door. You are already there and slowly the door opens to reveal, a man. A tall, dark haired, smooth chinned, beautiful man. He smiles and shows rows of fabulous teeth, his thick shoulders rise as he takes a breath. I am stunned for a moment.

"Baby, this is Julian."

"Hello Julian, welcome."

"Hello madam, thank you for inviting me."

He walked past me and into the living room.

I grabbed you as you walk by.

"I thought we were getting a girl." I say to you.

You look shocked for a moment.

"I never said we were getting a girl."

"You never said we were getting a man either."

"I know, it was a surprise. Come on in honey."

We walk back into the living room where Julian has poured himself a glass of brandy. He smiled his beautiful smile again and I was glad he was here. Such a calming man, he had an aura of peace.

We all just stood there for a moment, Julian drinking his brandy is smooth sips.

I cleared my throat. "Ah, Julian. I hope you don't mind me asking. But are you healthy?"

He looked confused.

"I mean, are you clean? Have you been tested... for AIDS that is."

"Oh certainly, yes, my dear. I am always very careful, and I had a test just a week ago. I have showed the results to your handsome man over there."

You nodded to show that it was true.

I cleared my throat again. "Okay, good." After a moment's pause I walked over to where my drink was, picked it up and took a drink.

Julian stepped closer to me.

"You seem tense, my dear." he said as he took my hand.

I giggled.

"Please, sit down." He led me to the sofa and made me sit, then sat behind me. His crotch pressed against my bum. He started to massage my shoulders. Good Lord that was good, i could feel myself melting away under him. After a few moments I turned my head to kiss his hand. He stopped massaging, but did not pull away. I turned a little more and kissed his arm. Then turned around completely, I looked him right in the eyes, put my arms over his shoulders, and then leant in for a kiss. I kissed him hard right on the lips and he returned my pressure and seemed urgent.

I stopped and lay against his chest.

"I think I am going to like this." I said.

I stood up and started undoing his buttons. Soon his shirt was open and his powerful chest was exposed. I run my hands over the smooth surface. I turn around and find you drinking your wine watching this scene with delight. I invite you to come over and sit next to Julian.

While you are sitting down and taking your shirt off i start undoing Julian's belt and fly. I haven't seen cock other than yours for years. I am excited about what I am going to find, is it going to be big, is it going to be uncut, will it be veiny? I can feel his hardening cock under my hand through his pants. I look him in the eyes and he lifts his hips to allow me to slip his pants down. His mighty cock springs forth. Wow! It is huge! God, what a fucking beautiful cock.

Meanwhile you have undone your pants as well, I move over to help you pull yours down too. Your pole sticks right out - your excitement is evident. Then I am presented with two beautiful men totally naked sitting next to each other on my sofa. What to do? 

I kneel in front of both of you and while looking you right in the eye I lean in and lick slowly up the underside of Julian's cock. Julian sighs in satisfaction, but you look amazed. Your eyes are bulging, you look like you are about to drool.

I watch Julian's face as I slowly take his whole head in my mouth. I suck delicately and softly, slowly taking more and more of his long, thick shaft into my mouth. I stopping sucking Julian's dick, but keep hold of it with my right hand, softly stroking my thumb across the wet head. I start sucking your dick, you moan and sigh happily. I go back and forth a couple of times, holding each dick in a hand, jerking the one I am not sucking, slurping the head of the other like a lollipop.

Slowly I become aware of a strange sound, a slurping, smacking, but not from me sucking cocks. I look up and suddenly jump up in surprise and shock. You and Julian are kissing.

"What's going on?" I shout.

"What, honey. I thought you wanted to have a threesome?"

"I did, but I didn't realize, that you wanted to be with a man."

"I have always been curious. I had a few fumbled attempts before we met. I want to explore things further."

"You could have told me about this. I thought you were talking me into fucking a girl in front of you, and I now find out you want to fuck a guy in front of me. You could have told me."

"Maybe, honey. I just left things vague - i didn't know how you would react. Are you okay?"

"Yeah. You haven't been fucking guys at the gym or anything have you?"

"No, I found Julian on line and have met him a few times to make sure he isn't psycho. but we haven't done anything."

"And you are bisexual?" I asked Julian.

"No, I'm gay. But for the record, honey, you kiss and suck as good as any guy."

"Well what do I do now?" I ask.

"Keep doing what you were, it was fabulous."

So I bend my neck to slowly engulf Julian's cock head in my mouth. I make you and him roll towards each other so your cocks touch and I can move smoothly from each cock to the other. You both moan and sigh as I lick and suck you. Soon you put a hand down on my chin and I look up at you. You make me stand and you and Julian stand as well. You softly push the straps of my dress off my shoulders and my dress slips down off my body revealing my breasts, my belly, my bum, my pussy. I stand bravely exposed. You step up to me and kiss me, strongly and powerfully. I hold you and kiss you, then Julian steps up behind you and starts kissing your neck and shoulders, he kneads your bum with his big hands.

After a moment you turn around so that I am kissing your back and your are kissing Julian on the lips. I slide a hand down your back and over your bum, I squeeze and massage your fabulous buttocks. Then I slowly slip a finger between your butt cheeks, exploring your crack. I slide all the way down to your balls, then back up. Your bare ass feels wonderful, smooth and sexy. I love it. Slowly you kneel down in front of Julian, first kissing his chest, then his nipples, his belly. Finally you are presented with Julian's big cock right in front of your face. I get down next to you.

"Have you ever sucked a cock, honey?"

"No, I haven't love."

"Do you want me to help you."

"Thank you , I'll try on my own."

I sit back and watch amazed as my husband kisses a big smooth cock head, then licks it, then opens his mouth and takes it all in. 

"God, that is a beautiful sight." I say.

You are really getting into it now, sucking and taking great lengths of his powerful shaft into your mouth. You swirl your tongue over his head, and suck hard on his tip. Julian is obviously enjoying what is going on. He throws his head around in delight and ecstasy. He turns to me and gives me a wink.

I go to your side and ask you to lie down. You are a little surprised and confused but do it. I kneel by your hip and lean over to start sucking your cock, which is oozing great amounts of pre-come. Julian straddles your chest and presents you with his throbbing dick. You eagerly restart suckling on his meat. I look up form what I am doing to you and see Julian's muscular buttocks moving back and forth as he plunges into your mouth.

After a little while I stop sucking you and come to where I can watch you servicing Julian. It is still an incredible sight for me. It excites me more than I thought it would. I get in close and whisper in your ear.

"I want you to fuck me."

You let go of Julian and look me in the eye. I nod to show that I am serious. You ask Julian to get off you and you quickly move me over to the sofa. You start off kissing me, then move down to suckle my breasts. Julian looks on - fascinated. I love it when you suck my tits. My whole body tingles. You move lower and spread my legs. You observe my bare pussy for a while, spread my lips, then move in to lick me. You are such a good pussy licker. Your tongue slips around my folds and dips into my juicy love tunnel, then dances over my sensitive clit. You flick my clit with your tongue, then suck on it hard, taking it into your mouth, even biting on it a little. I squeal in delight of the exquisite sensations. You then move up and kneel on the sofa, your engorged cock pointing right at my ready pussy. You smoothly move into me and I arch my back, surprised at how sensitive I am.

'God, I like this threesome thing.' I think.

You thrust deep inside me and press against me, squeezing my clit between us.

"God, baby. I love this, you are so sexy. Fuck me baby! I have never been this horny."

You thrust into me again and again, faster and faster. I twist and writhe in pleasure. Suddenly you stop, I look up to find out why. Julian has put a condom on his huge cock and is holding you ass still so he can pour lube over you ass.

"Oh, baby. Are you about to get fucked in the ass?" I ask you.

"I think so baby. I'm excited."

"I am too, love. Stay inside me. I want to feel you cock as he enters you."

"Oh, baby. He has put a finger in me. He is moving it in and out. It feels so good. He is swirling his finger around inside my ass, stretching it. Ah! He put another finger in my ass. He has two fingers in me. Ohh, argh, oh yeah."

You lie against me and breathe deeply.

"You are going to have to take more my love." I tell you "His cock is so huge, he will have to fit three fingers in you easily for you to be ready."

"Oh I love you talking like this baby."

"Just keep telling me what it feels like having your ass fingered."

"He has both fingers deep inside me. He is twisting them and spreading them. Oh, GOD!! His cock head is against my ass hole. He is right there, I can feel it pulsing and twitching. He is pushing, pushing harder. I God I am never going to fit this cock in my ass. Ah, ah, ah, oh, baby, hold me."

I squeeze you tight with my arms and legs and kiss your ear.

"Just breath baby, you are doing so well. We are going to take this cock and then you are going to be fucked."

I could see Julian over you shoulder now. I give him a wink and he smiles.

"Arghh!" you grunt "He's popped in. Oh, wow, there is a cock head in my ass. Oh fuck it is enormous. I feel like I have a football in my ass."

"You are doing so well, love. Just hold on, breath and relax."

You hold me and kiss my neck and shoulder. I can feel your cock twitching inside of me. You are as hard as a rock and swollen bigger than ever. I have two big men on top of me, one fucking me, the other fucking him. I feel wonderful.

Julian pushes a little bit more and he slips in further, then a bit more. Soon his long cock is buried in your ass.

"Oh baby." you whisper to me "This is great. I never dreamed that anything could feel so good. I love you so much. You are the greatest wife ever. I love being with you, i love being inside you."

"I love you, too"

Julian withdrew his cock halfway, then slowly reinserts it. Again he withdraws and reinserts. You cling to me tightly as your virgin ass is finally fucked. Julian slowly increases his pace. Whenever he plunges into you, you are pushed deeper into me. You push back against Julian so you come out of me a little with each thrust. Soon both and you and I are being fucked fast by Julian's powerful thrusts. I looked Julian in the eye and blew his a kiss. he gave a shy smile. He didn't want to think about how he was effectively fucking a woman.

Within only a little while I could feel my orgasm building inside me. I pulled on you to get you deeper in me, I slapped Julian on the ass to encourage him to fuck faster. Julian started grunting deep and hard, then all of a sudden he pulled out of you and jerking his cock furiously he shoots three long globs of come all over your back. Within seconds my orgasm peaks and I scream in delight, you keep thrusting in me, come steaming on your back. My orgasm keeps rolling and I thrash in spasms of exquisite sensation. You start to tense up and I know you will come soon.

You pull out and pump your beautiful meat. You roar and shout. Julian is right beside us to watch you come. Finally you shoot and mighty squirt across my tits and belly. it quickly followed by a second, a third, a fourth.

"That was awesome." Julian says.