 I was already pretty drunk since I had started around 7pm and now it was 1 am. The blonde sitting in the bar stool next to me was rubbing my leg while she talked. What she was saying I had no idea as I was mesmerized by her cleavage poking through her low-cut sweater. My hand was on her upper thigh and her short skirt was barely covering her mound. I moved my hand to the inside of her thigh and she opened them easily for me. With glance down, and I could see her black lace panties. I think I drooled a bit. She leaned in closer to me.

"I'm soaking wet, I need to get rid of this thong." Her breath was hot on my ear.

"I can help you with that." I remembered her name now. It was Mary.

"Mmm I bet you can," she said, her hand climbing up and inside my thigh. My cock started to move now. 

With that, she moved off the stool, kissed me on the cheek and started to walk away. I sat staring at her ass. Mary paused, looked over her shoulder, and winked. I got on my feet, adjusted my crotch, and started after her. I was hard now, with each step the head of my cock rubbed against my tight jeans. She was headed back to the rest room area. 

"Excuse me man," he said as he bumped into me. I wasn't sure if I had wobbled into his path, or him into mine. "Sorry, my fault." He was a sandy-haired tall, but thin, wearing a button-down blue shirt and black jeans. I must have been drunk, for some reason I looked down to his crotch. I looked back up and he was following my eyes and smiling. 

"No, all my fault, man," I slurred. I moved after Mary, but could feel his gaze on my back. 

Mary got to the ladies room, opened the door and peeked in. Amazingly, it appeared empty. She grabbed my shirt and pulled me in with her. Our tongues explored each others as we kissed. I fondled her awesome ass and lifted her skit slightly so I could feel her bare buns. The thong she was wearing accentuated her beautiful ass, and my hands squeezed and explored it. 

She pulled me inside the handicap stall, and closing the door behind us, pushed me against it. She started grasping at my hardening cock through my jeans. I leaned back as she fumbled with the belt, then undid the button, and finally pulled down the zipper. She was rabid with desire, almost drooling as she went for my dick. I chuckled to myself in my drunken state. Finally she was able to pull it out, as she pushed my jeans down over my ass so she had full access. "mmmm," she said as she started to stroke it, staring at it hungrily. She knelt in front of me and began to lick the head softly at first.

Her hands moved to my ass, and she squeezed my buns and pushed her lips over and down my shaft. Her throat opened up and my hardness easily slipped in her mouth. I leaned my head back and moaned. "Fuuuuck," I said, amazed at how she could deep throat so easily. Her soft mouth around my cock felt amazing, and I could feel myself growing even harder. One of her hands moved to my balls, cupping them while she slid my dick out of her mouth all the way with a plop. My shaft was sticking straight out, and she quickly pulled it back into her gorgeous mouth. She moved it in and out, moaning the whole time as she gobbled me. Then she pulled it out again, and began to stroke it. She had gotten it all slippery with her saliva, and she pumped the shaft quickly with her soft hands.

She was an expert, without a doubt. I could feel the precum start to ooze and knew it would not take long to explode at this rate. I pulled her up to her feet, kissed her hard, and then turned her around and pushed her down, bending her at the waist. Her skirt hiked up over her ass and I pulled the thong to the side, her wet pussy glistening on her waxed clean pussy.

She grabbed onto the guide bars. "Put that big beautiful cock in me now!" she moaned. I pushed the head against her mound, and felt her slippery juices practically pulling me inside her. In no time, I was deep inside her pussy, and beginning to thrust in and out. "Yesssss," she moaned, pushing her ass back to me.

"Like that cock?" I asked, giving her bare ass a hard slap.

"Fuck yes!" she screamed. She was pushing her ass back to me to get me deeper inside. I slapped her cheeks again, and pumped in and our faster and harder. Her slippery pussy was slurping loudly against my cock. I continued fucking her hard as she whimpered. I pulled my dick out, and slapped her ass with it, then pushed back inside. Her hand moved down between her own legs and she massaged her clit with my dick slamming in and out of her. Off and on I would pull it all the way out, slap her ass, grab her braless tits inside her sweater, and push my cock back in. Her moans were getting louder, and I could tell she was approaching orgasm. That made me want to fuck her even harder, and I slapped her ass hard again just as she exploded. "Now! Now! She moaned," and I had to oblige her as well, my spunk shooting down my shaft into her already-soaked pussy with fervor. 

"Ungghhh!" I moaned, feeling my cum filling her with each jerk of my cock. It felt like gallons flowed out of me. Eventually my dick became softer and I slowly became aware of noises outside the stall door as the spurting subsided. I looked down at Mary, who was still whimpering from the aftershocks of her orgasm. There were people in the bathroom now, and undoubtedly they knew exactly what was going on! Oh well, what did I care. I pulled out of her and she turned to face me. We kissed for a long time. 

"Fuck baby, I need more of that!" she said in a husky voice. With that, she quickly knelt down and licked my cock clean of our joint cum juices. God she was good. I could feel my semi-flaccid cock start to move again. She licked her lips, stood up and kissed me again. I could taste the mix of sweetness and saltiness from us. Not too bad, I thought. I could get used to this.

"I live around the corner," I found myself saying. Shit, I thought. That was stupid. Never ask a girl you just met back to your own place. She might never leave. Oh well, at this point I just knew I wanted more. 

"Let's go then," she smiled, straightening her skirt and sweater. I zipped up my pants, buckling them just as she opened the stall door and walked out. I quickly followed, greeted by three women standing at the sink all looking at me and smiling. I just looked down and made my exit. 

Mary was waiting for me in the hall, and took my hand. We walked back to the bar area, and I saw him again, standing at the bar with his back to it, staring at me. Then he looked at Mary, and winked. I felt my cock rising again. What the hell, I thought, what is this feeling all about. I looked back at Mary, and saw she was also looking at him. He licked his lips and smiled. Suddenly Mary moved quickly to the bar, almost knocking people out of the way, and ran up to him. 

"Cory!" she gushed, and gave him a big hug. He hugged her back, but was still looking at me as I made my way behind her. His eyes looked into mine, but then dropped to my crotch. I realized then that I was semi-hard again, and the bulge was noticeable. "I can't believe you're back! How are you!" she said. 

"Hi Mary," he replied. "Yeah, I saw you earlier but then you disappeared. I was hoping I'd see you before I had to go." 

Mary turned to me. "Hey Woody, this is Cory. He's an old friend from school. I haven't seen him in about five years!" I shook his hand. He seemed to hold it longer than I expected, but maybe it was just me. My cock wasn't going down yet. 

They chit-chatted at the bar for a while about school days, laughing and giggling as we had another drink. Even though I didn't know anything about either of them and their history, they tried to include me in their conversations. I was starting to get the impression that Cory was definitely not all that into women, and realized now why he had been staring at me. 

Mary looked back at me, gave me a kiss and said "Hey, we were just about to head back to Woody's place. Want to come over for a drink?" Cory looked at over at me.

"I doubt Woody wants more company now, Mary. It's ok, it was great seeing you, have a great time tonight," he said.

"No, really, come on along." I found myself saying. Wow, that was weird. I had just fucked this beautiful thing and was ready for more, and now I was inviting some guy to come along. But I was excited about it. I didn't feel the least threatened by his presence.

"You sure?" He was smiling. 

"Oh yes! Come on!" Mary gushed. 

The three of us made make the short walk around the corner, Mary walking between us, holding each of our arms. When we got to my place, I got us more beers, and sat next to Mary on the couch. Cory sat on the recliner, a few feet across from us. Immediately Mary's hand moved to my crotch, and started rubbing it. She was still carrying on a conversation with Cory about some school prank, and they were both laughing. My cock was rock hard now, straining against my jeans. I was rubbing Mary's thigh as well. Cory was watching us both, and I noticed that he too had a bulge. I looked closely and could see the outline of his cock in his jeans.

It went quiet. "You want to see it, don't you Cory," Mary's voice had changed, and was now sultry. Cory smiled at her.

"You know me too well, don't you," he said.

She started to unzip my jeans, and this time, before I knew it, had my cock out in her hands. She used both of them to rub the hard shaft up and down. Mmmm it felt good. 

"Take yours out too Cory," she said as she started to go down on me. Cory looked up at me just as Mary's mouth covered the head of my cock. 

"Yeah, Cory, take it out," I croaked as I closed my eyes and leaned back as she began to suck it deeper into her mouth as she stroked the base of my dick. 

Without a word he unzipped and pulled it out. It was long and hard, with a nice tip. He started stroking it while he watched Mary devour my cock. I couldn't take my eyes off of his shaft. I licked my lips and felt myself harden in Mary's mouth because of that view of him. 

"Stroke it Cory," I moaned. He jerked it harder and I could see a drop of precum on his tip. I was groping under Mary's skirt again, feeling her wet pussy and rubbing her clit. He legs were wide open. "Come here, baby," I said to Mary. She looked up at me. "Ride me now."

With that, she turned her back to me and straddled over my legs while I sat on the couch. I moved a bit forward so she could get in the right position. Her perfect ass was right in front of me, so I gave it a good slap. She moaned, and I glanced back at Cory. He was still stroking, moving his gaze from her to me. She reached down to grasp my dick, aiming it to her pussy as she lowered it over me, facing Cory as she rubbed my cock over her wet slit. She rubbed the head against her clit, under her shaved bare pussy, and then slid inside easily inside of her. 

"Mmmm fuck yes baby," she moaned. My hands worked up under her sweater and lifted it over her head. Her full heavy breasts bounded out, and I grabbed and pinched her nipples from behind her. I could still see Cory jerking his cock, his gaze focused on her pussy where my cock was pumping in and out. Without moving he eyes away from that sight, he stood up, his black jeans slipping down his legs, and stepped out of them. He then pulled his shirt over his head, and stood naked in front of us. His hand continued to stroke his cock, which I think had now grown even longer. I stared at it, mesmerized by his stroking and the beautiful head leaking its wetness. He looked up at me briefly, then got on his knees in front of Mary. As I held Mary's breasts in both hands, he leaned in closer. I could feel his chest against my knees as he began to kiss her belly, then inside her thighs. 

"Ohhh Cory my clit is so hard," Mary moaned. "Keep fucking me Woody, your cock is so fucking good!" 

Suddenly I felt a strange sensation as Cory's tongue began licking Mary's crotch, right where my dick was pushing in and out. As he licked her, his tongue pressed into my dick when it came out of her pussy, and slipped up to lick her clit as I pushed deep inside her. He was licking both of us expertly.

"Mmmm fuck feels so good," I moaned. "Lick her pussy."

Mary put her hand behind Cory's head, and pulled him even closer to us. He shuffled on his knees, sliding nearer. His tongue continued to expertly lick us both, and I could feel his hard cock against my shin as he stroked it with one of his hands. I moved my leg toward him so I could feel more of him against me. I was amazed how turned on I was, and realized that it wasn't just from the sexy chic riding my cock. I liked that Cory's lips were against my dick, and that his was pressing into my body as well. In fact, that thought was bringing me closer to orgasm again, and I started to moan again.

"Fuuuckkk baby I'm going to cum," I moaned. Mary pressed herself down on me hard, then quickly lifted herself off of me, pulling my cock out of her pussy with a slurp. She held it against her wet slit, but the cool air on my cock was quickly covered again by a soft, wet sensation. Cory had taken my cock into his mouth and was sucking it hard. I was getting a blowjob from a guy. I wasn't ready for this, but my explosion was so close. I realized they both wanted me to cum in his mouth, and that thought sent me over the edge. And even though I was still drunk, I had never been so turned on. My second orgasm of the night started to build and release onto his waiting tongue. He slurped it down, swallowing and moaning as I continued to work Mary's tits with my hands. It felt amazing to cum in his mouth, and the sensation ran all over my body.

"Mmmmm so good, Woody," he moaned, with my cock still in his mouth. "You taste so good."

"Doesn't he? I thought the same thing," Mary agreed. 

"Ohhh you are both good cock suckers," I moaned, leaning back against the couch, exhausted. Cory let my dick slip out of his mouth, but licked the last drops off the tip. Mary leaned over and slipped off of me, landing on the couch next to me, a big smile on her face. Cory was still in his knees on the floor, leaning back, still eye level with my crotch. He was slowly stroking his hard cock. I couldn't take my eyes off of it, the head peeking from his palm as he pushed his fist up and down it. His other hand was squeezing his balls, and he began to increase his tempo. Mary leaned over to me, her head on my shoulder. She was watching him intently as well. Her tits pressed into my side and I saw how hard her beautiful nipples were. I tweaked one of them between my finger and thumb. 

Just then, "Rumors" by Lindsey Lohan started playing somewhere. It took me a minute to realize it was a ring tone. It was Mary's and she reached over to her purse and pulled out her phone. She looked at the name on the display, then smiled and opened it. "Hi Cherry, what's up?" I continued to rub her left breast and tweak her nipple as she listened, smiling at my touch. "I'm doing something you would love!" she moaned into the phone. "Wait, where are you?" She paused, and started rubbing her other breast with her hand while she talked. "Oh my God! You're like next door to me!" She looked at me, her eyes wide. I just nodded my head. "OK, see the white apartment building? I'm on the second floor. Apartment number..." she looked at me. 

"Six," I said.

"Six. We'll be waiting. Bye." She hung up.

Cory was continuing to stroke his cock in front of us, watching me rub her gorgeous tits. My eyes kept moving between his cock and Mary's breasts. Even now, my dick was beginning to rise again. There was a little pain, but it quickly subsided. We continued to watch each other. Finally, I couldn't resist any longer. I reached over to Cory, and caressed his balls. They were smooth, very warm to my touch. 

It didn't take long and there was a knock on the door. 

"It's open!" Mary yelled. The door swung open slowly. Standing at the door was a dark-eyed and dark-skinned beauty dressed in a short, tight red dress. It was low cut, showing her sexy cleavage very well. I stared at her with my hand still on Cory's balls. I glanced down at his dick and saw another drop of precum forming on his head.

Mary ran over to the door, clad only in her short skirt which was now bunched around her waist. Her tits flopped as she ran. "Cherry! Come on in and meet Woody and Cory."

I quickly took my hand away from his balls and stood up. My cock was also standing up now. Cherry smiled and gave Mary a big hug, squeezing her ass behind her as she did. Mary walked back toward us. 

"Mary, you bad little girl!" said Cherry as she looked at the scene before her, and she slapped Mary's ass. They both giggled. Cherry moved behind Mary and gave her a squeeze, reaching around and caressing her big tits. Mary stood in front of me and kissed me. Her hands held my dick in front of me, gently. The head of my dick was still a little sore, but her hands felt good on it. Cherry then moved toward Cory who had slowed his stroking, but was still very hard. He stood up as well.

"Hi big guy, that looks pretty yummy. Need some help with that?" Cherry smiled and winked at Mary. Mary let go of my cock, reached over and unzipped Cherry's dress, and helped her step out of it. She quickly unsnapped her bra. Cherry wasn't wearing panties. That made my cock even harder still. Her body was sexy. So brown and smooth, her tits bounding free. There were about the same size as Mary's but with smaller hard nipples. 

Cory said nothing, and Cherry pushed him back into the chair. She knelt in front of him, and as Mary and I watched, started to lick his head. "Mmmm, boy you are ready aren't you. Such delicious precum you have leaking out for me," she teased, looking up to his eyes. She held his cock by the base, and looked back at me. "Don't you think so, Woody?"

I was staring at her hand on it. "Uhhh," is all I could get out.

"Why don't you help me with it," Cherry said softly. She let go of him, and walked to me. We kissed. Her lips tasted like her name, tender and soft. Our tongues played with each others. I pulled her closer to me, my hard cock pressing into her belly. Her tits pushed against my chest as I grabbed her ass. With her arms around my shoulders, she knelt down again, gently pulling me with her. We knelt facing each other, still kissing and exploring each other's mouth with our tongues. My hands moved under her breasts and lifted the heavy globes together, rubbing them underneath. She leaned back her head "mmmm, I like your hands Woody," she cooed.

I had been paying attention to Cherry, so I didn't realize that Cory had stood up. But one glance to the right and I saw his massive hard cock inches from our faces. Cherry broke off our kiss and grabbed his balls firmly. She started to kiss the side of his cock, her tongue sliding over his shaft. Her dark eyes were looking directly into mine. I couldn't resist it any longer. I wanted to taste my first cock, and this one was beautiful. I let my tongue slide over the other side of it, feeling his hardness and veins with my tongue and lips. Cherry and I were still kneeling, facing each other, with Cory standing at our sides, his shaft between us. I grabbed his ass and pulled him even closer to us. We both got in a rhythm of sliding it back and forth between our lips, each side covered with our saliva. 

Cherry was moaning loudly, and I saw that Mary was behind her, massaging her tits and squeezing her nipples between her fingers. Then one of Mary's hands moved lower down Cherry's body, resting between her legs. Cherry spread herself wider to give Mary better access. Mary's fingers slid up and down Cherry's wet slit, and found her hardening clit. We both continued to suck Cory, now alternating licking the head of his cock as well as the sides. I held the shaft while Cherry sucked it all the way in her mouth, then pulled it back out for my turn. I took it as deep as I could, about half way. It filled my mouth and I struggled to breathe through my nose as I felt the hot, hard cock swelling. When I pulled back for air, Cherry had her turn. We switched off a few times, deeply kissing each other in between sucks.
