 My lover and I celebrated our anniversary in a unique manner. You see, it was our 1 year anniversary and I wanted to surprise him with a massage; but not just any massage...a professional massage.

After searching the risqué ads in the back of a city entertainment type paper, I found a service that sends masseuses and masseurs to your home, oils and massages the client, and will even do this in the nude (for an added charge).

I called and requested a pair of massage 'therapists' so that we could both receive a loving touch at the hands of others (while still remaining monogamous) but asked that whomever was sent should also be comfortable with everyone being naked and should be "open minded."

On the day of our anniversary, my beloved, Daren, came home from work in desperate need of a massage (which was truly convenient). He'd hunched over his desk all day and toiled long and hard and now needed someone to help relax those muscles.

Daren gave me a lovely satin robe and matching negligee as my gift.

"Thank you," I purred as I caressed his cheek. I excused myself from our dinner table to go try on his gift.

Moments later, I returned to find Daren stretched out on the chair in the living room, feet up on the ottoman, watching tv. My hands against the arched doorway, I posed for him in the short, sexy robe. He smiled at me as I walked over to his chair and quickly noticed that I didn't have the negligee on under it.

"Jen, why aren't you wearing the," but before he could finish, the doorbell rang.

"I'll get it Sweetie. You just sit there and don't worry about a thing. I believe my gift to you has arrived."

He had an odd look on his face as I scampered over to the door in my little robe but stayed in his chair.

I opened the door and on my doorstep were 2 of the most attractive people I'd seen outside of a Gap ad. They were both very fit, tan, and well groomed. They both wore white uniforms with white labcoats and looked almost sterile when they'd smile and their pearly white teeth would shine through.

It had already been decided that the masseur, Brad, would massage me and that Gina would massage Daren. From the look of Gina, I could tell that Daren was NOT going to mind this and honestly, I didn't mind it either.

Gina had black hair that trailed down her shoulder blades and eyes that varied between blue and purple. Her skin was tan but not overly done. She was slender and later, when undressed, I would see that her breasts were a perky C cup with small, dark nipples and a closely shaved patch of pubic hair that resembled what strippers call, "a landing strip."

Brad had short blond spiked hair, blue eyes, and dimples when he smiled. If I didn't know better, I would've thought he were still in college (I confirmed the age policy when I called the agency). When naked, Brad was lightly tanned, not a hair on his chest, and a thick, long cock that had the most beautiful vein bulging along his shaft, topped by a fat mushroom head begging for sucking.

Brad and Gina started massaging Daren and I, on their portable tables, with the utmost of professionalism. They had us both change into oversized white towels and lie on our stomachs on their massage tables which were set up in our living room. While we were changing, they got completely nude. Daren was stunned to see this when we entered the living room but I planned specifically for this. I wanted my Love to have an anniversary to remember.

I watched as Gina skillfully plied Daren's flesh with her hands. Her erect nipples would graze his flesh from time to time. Daren smiled at me as Gina oiled his back and methodically worked the oil in. Then, she approached me and whispered in my ear, and things took a less business-like turn.

Gina removed Daren's towel and hoisted herself up on the table with Daren. She straddled his bare ass and began to work the oil into his spine, lats, and shoulders. I don't think my lover ever looked more handsome than when I saw another woman touching his body. His hands gripped the edge of his table and his face contorted as he tried to hide his horniness from the rest of us. His eyes opened and looked at me and I mouthed the words "Enjoy...I love you." He smiled and his grip relaxed on the edge of his table. He began to moan under her touch and grind his ass up against her naked pussy.

Brad was watching Gina work Daren and took that as his cue. He peeled my towel off and had me bend over the table so that only my breasts and head were still on his table. He got down behind me, on his knees, and began to rub his well oiled hands up the backs of my thighs. His thumbs and index fingers worked the oil into my thighs and ass cheeks but I could feel him spreading me open, lubing my crack from anus down to pussy. Then, I felt his breath blowing into my spread crease.

I felt the tip of his firm tongue pressing into the folds of my flower. I felt his face press against my lips and upward as he began to lick me from vagina to anus. I couldn't contain myself. I moaned and Daren looked over at me.

I wasn't sure if he'd be jealous or angry. He looked concerned but then Gina pushed him flat on her table and told him to relax...he'd get his turn too.

Gina slid off the table and had Daren roll onto his back. She didn't even glance in my direction. She must've seen Brad do this a million times before.

Daren's hard-on raged. His shaft was so blood-engorged that he was a lovely shade of crimson, complete with bulging veins and an utterly edible mushroom tip.

My eyes opened and closed in rhythm with Brad's tongue. My body moved up on the table every time he licked upward and into my ass. I could feel my cunt becoming wet and lubing his tongue and face. God, he was fucking me in both holes with that glorious tongue! Darting back and forth, in and out.

In my lust-filled haze, I watched as Gina walked to the opposite side of Daren's table. She wanted to perform not just for him but for me. She wrapped her lips around his gorgeous head and swallowed up his staff. She pushed her hair out of the way so my Love could watch her. I couldn't tear my eyes away either. If I weren't being serviced myself, and if I weren't as secure in my love for Daren, I might've been jealous, but I wasn't. Watching this beautiful woman orally pleasure the man I love was far more entrancing than I could imagine.

Her cheeks hollowed as she slurped up and down his rod. His eyes closed in a squint. His hands gripped the tablesides and then her head, alternating between the two, unable to decide where to put them.

Brad began to suckle my clit hungrily. I knew that if he kept that up, I would be cumming on his face...and he knew it too! I began to moan in shrill tones. Daren watched me. I didn't know if I should do it or not but his hand reached out toward me and his lips mouthed the same message I'd told him earlier. "I love you." And with that, I gave in and felt my body shudder, pushing down against Brad's smooth face! My body was riveting in a back and forth motion as I half straddled the massage table and ass-fucked against Brad's face! I could hear him encouraging my orgasm and my movements. I would have to tip him well when this was all over!

Brad stood and wiped his face. He sat me down on the sofa and joined Gina at Daren's table. Brad gently directed Gina on how to suck Daren off. He cooed words of encouragement at her. "Oh yes, oh that is soooo good Gina. Suck it baby. Suck his big cock." She followed his commands. Her head bobbed up and down on my sweet man's shaft.

And then, to both mine and Daren's surprise, Brad bent over the table and started to lick Daren's cock with Gina! She held Daren's rod for Brad and he began to suck it like a lollipop fed to a hungry child!

I could see Daren begin to protest but that didn't last long at all. He must've enjoyed it because he couldn't even 'eek out a complete sentence of protest. Not even a "No, stop."

Brad had a skillful tongue. I knew his lips were incredible but watching how he stroked Daren with both hands and twirled his tongue all over the veins was a lesson even for me. I'd known this cock for years now but I don't know if I ravaged it quite like this before.

Brad's tongue and lips seemed to takeover Daren's cock and pushed Gina completely away. Gina wiped her lips and smiled over at me while Brad worked Daren's cock. Brad's blond head bobbed up and down and his cheeks would inflate and deflate with every suck. There was so much moaning that I couldn't tell who it all came from.

Gina whispered to Brad and Brad stopped blowing Daren long enough to have Daren lie on our floor. This time, Brad got between Daren's legs and started lapping and sucking Daren's balls.

Gina straddled Daren's face and started to ride his familiar tongue. I knew he'd lick her cunt well. His pussy eating is beyond words....although I'll try to describe it here. Gina made sure to face toward Daren's feet. She ran her hands through Brad's short hair and made fists with the short spikes. She'd giggle and gnash her teeth as she road my Love and pushed Brad's face down into the groin of the sexiest man I've ever known.

I moved behind them so I could watch Daren eat that slut's cunt. I watched as her creamy ass cheeks moved up and down and his tongue stood erect like a small cock. I watched as he flicked his tongue rapidly, fucked her with it, tickled her clit, and when she'd sit on him, he'd suck her swollen clit. I love when he does this to me!

Gina was squirming all over Daren's face. Her body began to arch as she raised up on her knees. Her eyes were closed and her forehead wrinkled.

"Oh God. Oh God I'm going to cummmmmmmmmmm!!" she screamed. With that, I watched as she convulsed on Daren's face. Now was Daren's turn to cum.

Her cries must have sent him over the edge because he let out a gutteral moan, right into her snatch. Brad moaned and looked determined to take my man's seed down his throat.

Just as Daren started to squirt his cum into Brad's mouth, Brad pulled away and Gina bent down. Together, the two of them received a facial of sperm. Brad jerked Daren's cock off and let the ribbons of cum spray on each of their tongues, lips, cheeks, and chins. And then, as if that weren't enough, they began to kiss and lick the cum from each other's face.

I looked down at my Darling. Gina was off his face enough that I could see the glaze of her juices on his sleepy face.

Gina and Brad moved off Daren, toweled their cum soaked faces with the towels we'd been given originally, and began to dress. I paid them and escorted them to the door, thanking them for what promised to be one of the most memorable anniversaries ever!