 Bo rolled down Highway 59 with the top down, tapping his fingers on the steering wheel to the beat of the music on the CD player. The day was hot, clear, and sunny; a beautiful end of summer day. Bo worked in real estate and the past several years had been tough. He owned an independent agency and when the real estate bubble had burst several years before, his business had nearly gone under. He had survived that and the end of his marriage, brought about when his wife found another guy who still had the money he once had. He had persevered by living frugally, scrambling for what business was there, and draining much of his savings. 

This year had been the best in a while. Business had picked up and Bo had put in a lot of long hours, prospecting for clients and then working hard to close a lot of deals. He had but one employee, Leslee. He had hired her at the beginning of the year when things began to get better. She had been a loan specialist at a local bank for several years before being downsized the prior December. She was young, pretty, and smart, and he had not regretted hiring her. She had helped him navigate more than one deal through the financing process, resulting in more closings, and more money for both of them. Bo had come to rely on her and to trust her judgment. So, when she had sat down in his office and suggested he should take a break Labor Day weekend, he had heard her out. Between the lack of money and the long hours, he hadn't taken any appreciable time off in several years. Bo had to admit that he was tired, and that a short break would probably do him good. When he had agreed that a break would be nice, Leslee immediately dropped a set of keys on his desk. 

"What's this?" he'd asked. 

"The keys to my parents beach house in Gulf Shores," she said with a smile. 

He tried to protest, telling her that he didn't want to inconvenience them, but she had told him that they'd be out of town and had approved of her idea to let him use the house. He hesitated again, but she had persisted, and, reluctantly, he had agreed. 

Now, as he turned on Fort Morgan Road, he couldn't help but smile as he anticipated enjoying the beach and some good seafood. He found the house, pulled in, and unloaded his bag and the groceries he'd brought. The house fronted the beach and sat on stilts. It wasn't large; a living/dining area, kitchen, three small bedrooms, two bathrooms and a screened in porch fronting the beach. He nodded, thinking that it looked like the perfect place to spend a few days. 

Bo unpacked his bag and put his groceries away, then took out a book and went out to the porch. It was hot, but out of direct sun. He flipped on the ceiling fan and pulled out his phone to check his email, but then stopped. Leslee had bet him a steak that he couldn't go the weekend without checking his email or getting online. He smiled, then put the phone away, deciding that this was a bet he would win. He read for a while, and then dozed off. He awoke to the beep of a horn. He stood up, stretched, and looked down to see Leslee and her friend Jackie coming up the stairs. 

"Hey!" Leslee called with a smile. 

"Hey, yourself," Bo responded, trying not to stare. 

Both Leslee and Jackie were wearing tank tops and shorts. They both looked good. Bo knew that Leslee had nice curves. Though she always dressed professionally, she also wore things that made it clear that she was very shapely. 

Bo smiled again and asked, "So what are y'all doing here?"

"We thought you might get into trouble over here with all these wild folks on Labor Day, so we thought we'd come keep you out of trouble," she responded with a grin and a twinkle in her eye. 

Bo laughed, "Yep, as you can see, it's party central here." 

"I know you've got the booze and women hidden here somewhere," Leslee teased, "We'll just have to see what you did with them." 

They all laughed, and walked in the house. The girls set their bags in one of the other bedrooms and began to unpack a small cooler filled with fresh shrimp and several bottles of wine. 

"Now," said Leslee, "we're at the beach and it's gorgeous! Let's go play in the surf for a while." The other two agreed and they all went to change. 

Bo put on his swimsuit and a t-shirt. He was thirty five, but was still fit and trim and, if not for his graying hair, could have passed for ten years younger. He walked out to the porch to wait for the girls. There were people on the beach, but it wasn't crowded. He turned as the girls came out and nearly swallowed his tongue. Both girls were wearing string bikinis. Jackie looked good in hers. She had a flat stomach, medium-sized breasts, and a great butt. Her curly, dirty blonde, hair set off her hazel eyes and was pulled back in a pony tail. Leslee looked even hotter. She also had a flat belly and a nice butt, however, her breasts were much larger. Her top appeared to be struggling to hold them in. She had straight, dark hair, and blue eyes. Both girls were grinning. 

Leslee winked and asked, "See somethin' you like there, sailor?"

Bo blushed and and smiled, looking away.

"Y'all are gonna stop traffic," he quipped.

The girls giggled and then they all headed to the beach. They spent the next hour and a half splashing in the waves and then headed back to the house. Bo started the grill before taking a quick shower. The girls each showered and then they all set to work on dinner. Bo cooked some of the shrimp and some corn he had bought on the grill. The girls boiled the rest of the shrimp, then peeled and chilled them while they made a salad and opened the wine. 

It was a delicious, enjoyable meal, accompanied by lots of wine, laughter and conversation. After dinner, they cleaned up and all went and sat on the porch to finish up the wine. Jackie had eaten the least and drank the most and appeared to be quite tipsy. Leslee and Bo teased her and they all laughed. 

About ten, they all began to wind down. Leslee suggested a movie and they went in and picked Oceans 11. Bo sat in a recliner and the girls shared the sofa. About forty minutes in, Bo looked over and saw Jackie fighting to stay awake. She was struggling mightily to keep her eyes open and her head was beginning to bob. Leslee smiled and began to stroke Jackie's hair. This only intensified Jackie's drowsiness and her eyelids seemed to get even heavier as her head began to nod further. Each time her head would loll, she would jerk awake, and Leslee would resume stroking her hair. After several minutes of this, Leslee gently pulled Jackie's head to her shoulder. In seconds, Jackie's head drooped to a rest on Leslee's breast. Bo found it mesmerizing and rather erotic. He felt himself getting an erection, which grew harder when Leslee, seemingly engrossed in the movie, began to stroke Jackie's thigh with her other hand. After several minutes of this, Jackie gave a snort and awoke with a start. They all chuckled, and stretched, and Leslee patted Jackie's leg and said, "I think we better get to bed. It's past Miss Jackie's bedtime."

Jackie mumbled something incoherent, but stretched and stood and stumbled rather unsteadily toward the second bedroom. Bo turned off the DVD and hoped that his erection had eased off enough not to be noticed. He turned out the lights as Leslee set their glasses in the kitchen. 

"Sleep tight," she cooed, patting his arm on the way by. 

"You too," he said. "Glad y'all came today." 

Leslee didn't say anything, but smiled and winked as she followed Jackie into the second bedroom. Bo went to his room, brushed his teeth, stripped to his shorts and went to bed. It had been a good day. He smiled as his mind began to drift; it was good to get away and he was glad for the company. He heard the girls laughing in his mind and smiled as he turned over. It took him a minute to realize that he really had heard them giggling. He had thought that Jackie would be out like a light, but apparently not. He again heard soft giggling and another sound he couldn't identify. He opened his eyes and through his partially open door could see a light coming from the girls' room. 

He smiled and closed his eyes, thinking how silly the two were together. He heard them giggle again and again heard another sound he couldn't identify; a sigh perhaps, or a groan. Then he heard the bed creak followed by more soft giggles and what he now was fairly sure were sighs and moans. Bo was wide awake now and his cock was beginning to swell as his mind began to imagine the two of them kissing and touching each other. He wanted to know what they were doing; wanted to see if they were doing what he thought they were. No, he thought, nothing good could come from going over there. The practical side of him warned him to stay in bed, but that side was gravely outmatched by the part of him that hadn't had sex in two years. Quietly, he rose and padded quietly to his door. He pushed it open gently and tiptoed across the living room until he was just outside the girls' bedroom. 

The site that greeted him took his breath away. The girls were lying on the bed, facing each other in an embrace as they kissed and petted. Both were wearing only panties. As Bo watched, Jackie lay back and Leslee straddled her. Jackie softly stroked Leslee's cheek with her fingertips as Leslee began to rub and squeeze her own big, soft titties. Jackie groaned and her mouth opened as Leslee lowered her right nipple to her. Bo watched as Jackie's tongue flickered over the taut nipple and Leslee let out a soft moan. It was all he could do not to moan too. Jackie's hands began to caress and squeeze Leslee's breasts as she sucked deeply on her nipple. Leslee moaned and began to grind against Jackie. 

Bo couldn't breathe and his cock was as hard as a rock. Jackie moved her mouth to Leslee's left nipple, teasing and sucking it. Leslee's right hand went into her panties and she began to stroke herself. Jackie's hands moved to Leslee's back and then down, slipping into her panties and beginning to squeeze and knead Leslee's ass. Bo's hand moved unconsciously to his cock, rubbing it slowly through the thin fabric of his shorts. Jackie now began to pull Leslee's panties down. Leslee responded by pulling her legs together and helping Jackie push them off. Then, she reached down and began to tug at Jackie's. Jackie raised her hips, and in one swift motion, Leslee pulled them off. Leslee stroked Jackie's cheek and then leaned over and kissed her deeply, pressing herself into Jackie and entwining their legs. After a moment, Leslee raised up and began to rub her breasts down Jackie's torso. For a moment, their erect nipples brushed and both gasped. Leslee gently kneaded Jackie's nipples with her thumbs as she continued to move down. Jackie was breathing faster, her chest rising and falling as Leslee began to kiss her belly and hips. Her legs spread and Leslee bent her head to Jackie's sex and began to lick. Jackie moaned and let her head loll to the side. She took a deep breath and then her eyes opened and she looked up and saw Bo, her eyes locking with his. She held his gaze for a moment, smiled and winked, and then closed her eyes again to focus on the pleasure building in her loins. Bo froze, then backed away and returned to his room, feeling guilty, but wanting badly to see the end of the tryst he had witnessed. Jackie's moans were becoming louder and louder and Bo felt as if his cock were going to explode it was so hard. After several minutes, Jackie's moans suddenly stopped for a moment, only to be replaced by her screams of pleasure as Leslee took her over the edge. It was all Bo could do not to jack off. It wouldn't have taken much, but he held off and soon the house was quiet once more. It took another half hour for Bo's erection to fully deflate and for his mind to relax enough for sleep to come, but even then, the scene found it's way into his dreams. 

He slept deeply, dreaming of the scene he had witnessed. His mind put him in the scene and in his mind he heard Jackie whisper, "Did you like what you saw?" 

Bo smiled and his cock twitched and began to grow once more. In his dream, he heard again, "Bo, did you like what you saw last night?"

He grunted and rolled over and his hand felt something warm and soft. Her voice came again, "Did you like it, Bo?" 

This time his eyes fluttered open and he realized with a start that Jackie was lying beside him. It was early, gray light filtering through the window, but even in the dimness he could see that she was naked. 

Bo's mouth was so dry he couldn't speak, but he nodded as his eyes moved over her body. Jackie gently stroked his hair and face as his cock continued to swell. Her fingertips teased down his neck and chest and lightly over the tent in his shorts before coming to rest on his thigh. She leaned in and kissed him gently. He swallowed hard and his eyes must have inadvertently gone to the door. 

Jackie smiled, "She sleeps hard. With her door and this one closed, and the sound of the waves, she won't hear a thing." Her hand moved back up and her fingertips resumed stroking the tent over his erection. Tentatively, Bo reached up and stroked her face with the back of his hand. With her free hand, she took his fingers and kissed them, before taking his middle finger in her mouth and sucking on it, letting her tongue swirl over it sensuously. Bo moaned softly and his cock throbbed. 

Jackie sat up and began to tug on his shorts. "We need to get these off," she said softly. Bo raised his hips and helped her push them down. She sat between his legs, letting her eyes move over his body. Without a word, she leaned over and kissed him deeply, pressing herself against him. Her body felt so good against his. His hands moved down her back and found her ass, squeezing it and rubbing it. She began to rotate her hips, moving them in his hands and pressing her warm sex against his cock. He moaned again, swatting her ass playfully. She smiled as she broke the kiss and began to kiss down his torso; moving from his neck to his chest to his belly. As she did, her breasts pressed against his erection and he moaned again. 

Jackie bent forward slightly and began to lick and kiss his throbbing shaft. 

"Oh, god," he breathed as she looked up at him and slowly took his head in her mouth. He closed his eyes and tried to force back the urge to cum. She began to kiss and lick his head lightly as her hand moved slowly up and down his shaft. 

"Jackie," he breathed, "oh, Jackie". She seemed to sense how close he was, and after a few moments she stopped and stood up. His eyes popped open, and for a moment, he was afraid she was going to leave. Instead, she moved back to the head of the bed and reclined beside him. 

"I've seen how you look at my ass," she said softly, "would you like to fuck me from behind?"

Bo smiled and nodded as he sat up. Jackie leaned in and kissed him again and he let his hands move over her, this time moving one down to find her sex. It was warm to the touch and as he began to rub, he quickly found it to be wet. 

"It's ready for you," she purred and stood and leaned over the side of the bed. The bed was a little higher than most, and as she was rather short, it gave her a comfortable way to position herself for him. Bo stood and moved in behind her. His hands rubbed her hips and back and then slid around to cup her breasts as he began to stroke his shaft against her sex. It felt good and soon, her wetness covered him. 

"Do it," she breathed, "Fuck me."

Bo grabbed her hips and positioned them and then guided his shaft into her. They both groaned as he easily slid inside her. He went in deep and just stayed for a moment, enjoying the feeling of having her impaled. Then he withdrew, almost all the way, using slow, shallow strokes and letting the engorged head of his cock pleasure her. Jackie let out a loan moan and began to move her hips in rhythm with his, meeting his thrusts with her own. Without either of them saying a word, the tempo and depth increased; slowly at first, and then with increasing fervor. Bo was panting and trying to hold off the urge to cum a little longer. Jackie was gasping and moaning, softly begging him to keep going. Suddenly, she looked back at him with a look of lust and, with him buried deeply in her, she began to shake her hips, twerking with him buried in her. 

Bo gasped and moaned at the intense pleasure the increased friction gave his penis. He grabbed Jackie's hips and began to thrust with all his might. Suddenly, she seemed to freeze and Bo felt her internal muscles spasm as she buried her face in the bed sheet and screamed her release. It was far more than Bo could take and with shout of pleasure, he came. His body stiffened and his head flew back as he shot into Jackie's pussy. They both groaned and shook as Bo continued to thrust into her, kneading her big, soft ass as he pumped his seed into her. 

After several moments, she softly said, "Pull out." Bo did and Jackie pulled herself up on the bed and lay on her back. Bo covered her and they both sighed as he slipped his still erect cock back into her. They lay there for a few minutes cuddling and kissing. 

After several minutes, he pulled out and rolled onto his back and she snuggled up against him. 

"Thank you," he breathed. 

She smiled and giggled softly, then without a word, rose and went back to her room. Bo lay there for several moments dozing and remembering. He had not expected this, but it had been a welcome release. Soon, he rose, cleaned up and then quietly went outside. It was still early and was relatively cool, so he decided to go for a run. He felt relaxed and rested and enjoyed his run along the sand. After about thirty minutes, he returned to find both girls in the kitchen cooking crab meat omelets, which smelled great. 

"Good morning," smiled Leslee, "did you sleep well?"

Bo wasn't quite sure what to say, so he stuck with the safe answer, "Sure did. How 'bout you?"

"Like a rock," was her reply, giving no hint at what had transpired between her and Jackie or Jackie and him, "Lookin' forward to a fun day! Why don't you get a shower and then we'll eat."

Bo agreed and after a quick shower, returned to find breakfast on the table and coffee being poured. The girls were chatting gaily as they had the night before with no mention of what had transpired during the night. Bo relaxed and joined in the conversation as he enjoyed the breakfast. The girls suggested going to the beach before it got too hot and Bo readily agreed. After finishing breakfast, they all put on their swimsuits and headed for the beach. 

It was another chamber of commerce day and they frolicked in the surf, threw around a Frisbee, and laughed a lot. After several hours, the beach had become crowded and the sun quite hot, so they headed back, showered, and ate a light lunch. The girls wanted to go shopping. Bo rolled his eyes, but agreed to go when they promised to limit their time and then go to dinner at the Bayside Grille, one of his favorite seafood spots. 

The afternoon passed quickly enough. Bo wandered in and out of bookstores and electronic stores while the girls shopped for clothes at the Tanger Outlets. At the agreed upon time, Bo met them at the car and his jaw dropped. The girls, who had come in t-shirts and shorts, were wearing stunning sundresses. The dresses were backless with straps that tied behind the neck. They were low cut and showed off both girls' curves stunningly. 

"I take it you like our dresses," Leslee said with a wink. 

Bo nodded, "Y'all make those look good!" 

They all laughed and then Bo frowned, "One problem. I'm under dressed now!"

"We thought of that," Leslee replied, pulling a Panama shirt and a pair of slacks out of a bag, "Don't forget that I've picked up your dry cleaning for a year!"

