 "Fuck her." 

I startle, and look over at you, where the light from the neon in the bar brushes across your face, your so-intense face. "What?"

"You heard what I said-- that one, there. She's been looking at you all evening."

I look over, in the direction of your glance. The suddenly lowered glance and blush tell me who you meant. She's pretty enough in her way-- hair a shade or two darker than yours, longer. She shows skin, just enough to suggest she's not used to doing so. 

"Look at her tits."

I may never quite get used to you being that forward...I know I'll never mind... My eyes slide down her throat to the tanned tops of her breasts, pushed up slightly in the downward arch of her tank top. They are smaller than yours (How long has it been, I wonder, since you were the standard of all women for me), tanned more deeply. 

You curl up beside me, your lips tickling my ear as you whisper. "I bet you want to suck on them." Your hand strays under the table, rubbing. "She'll say yes, I know...call her over..."

I shiver, and start to ask "but..." but you cut me off with a sharp bite to my earlobe. 

I lift one hand, and wink, and gesture come-hither...

You sit in the back seat on the drive home, and I can always see your eyes in the rearview mirror. The woman sits beside me, leaning against me, my arm around her shoulders. You touch her hair once in a while...I know your fingers are elsewhere the rest of the time...your breathing is ragged for a second, then steadies. 

Three miles from home, and you lean forward, lips pressing to my left ear. "Stop being shy...touch her..." One of your (bold, lovely...) hands slides from the back seat, slipping one strap of her tank top down her shoulder.

I slide my hand forward, letting my hand slide down her skin, brushing my fingers over yours for a moment before gliding over her breast, feeling the nipple under my palm. I knead, feel the already firm flesh tense, perk....

We arrive home.

You pull a chair near the bed, and sit. She and I have explored what lies under our clothes, tasting skin, feeling the softness of her hair, the discovery of her shaved sex, the faint lines of tan on her. You have been almost content to observe, your kisses small and short on my mouth and hers...though your eyes glance toward mine as you kiss her once, then deepen the kiss, knowing I enjoy the sight. 

She and I move to the bed, and my shyness vanishes as I kneel and watch her slide down onto her hands and knees, taking my cock in her mouth, then look at you, see your eyes widen as you slide a pair of fingers inside yourself, see the look on your face, the flushing of your skin. 

Her mouth isn't as aggressive as yours, almost delicate somehow, slow...still, the rasping of her tongue is pleasant, and I can hear your moans off to the side. 

I remember your comment about tits, and slide out from between her lips...an action that makes you gasp, for some reason...

I press her gently back on the bed, kissing her mouth, which opens to mine, her tongue sliding with surprising boldness into my mouth. I feel her body under mine, the tip of my cock just brushing against her sex, and feel her hips writhing, pushing toward me. I slide downward, kissing over her throat, down to those softly swelling breasts. 

I hear you move as my lips encircle her nipple, already firm, hard as it enters my mouth and my tongue rasps over it. She moans, and I look up to see you silence her with your mouth, watching the motion of your jaws, throat, suggesting the dance of tongues. Your hand slides over her chest for a moment, then your fingers nestle in my hair, stroking.

Your kiss never stops as your eyes open, turn toward me, your fingers tugging my hair softly as they caress, pressing my mouth toward her breast. 

You break the kiss, and I see her mouth lift toward yours, wanting more of you. I know why.

You lift my mouth from her breast, sliding your tongue once around it yourself before slipping your tongue into my mouth, holding my face close to yours. You stare into my eyes and whisper again "Fuck her..."

My hips slide up, feeling the folds of her sex against the tip of my cock again, her hips bucking suddenly, then stilling, her thighs unfolding, rising along my sides as I enter her. I glance momentarily around for you, but you seem to have moved away, and I kiss her, her mouth moaning into mine. Her texture is somehow indescribably different from yours, and I plunge deep inside her, feeling her body arch as I do, nipples firm enough to feel even between the pressure of our bodies.

I feel the bed shift, as you kneel at the end of it, coming closer, almost timing your motions to the thrusts of my hips. I wonder why until I feel your hands at my hips, and the smooth thrust that slides the toy at your waist inside me. I cry out, feeling stretched by your thrust, pressing me inside her as well...

She looks confused, almost alarmed for a moment as my mouth leaves hers, then yours descends, and I feel her relax beneath me, her sex smoothly clenching my cock as your lips meet once more, inches away from my eyes. 

Your hands pull hers away from my back, fingers wrapping in hers and stretching her arms up toward the head of the bed as you begin to thrust, the toy sliding deep into me. 

Your and her eyes are closed, and I watch, close enough to hear the soft sounds of your mouths meeting, hungry on each other. I move, and am moved by you, your hips pressing me forward, letting me slide back, never ceasing your thrusts. 

Your lips do not lift from her mouth as she comes, and I hear her muffled cries even as her sex spasms, drawing my orgasm...the shudders of pleasure as my anus clenches and contracts around the toy almost painfully intense as I explode inside her, spurting. I hear your groan low in your throat, and know you have joined in the pleasure...

Near dawn, driving back, you and she share the passenger seat, teasing each other, too tired to do more. I am amazed I can drive, between the sweet exhaustion, and the soreness, and the flashes of images of the night...your face dipping between her thighs; my gaze meeting yours as we each suckled a nipple, fingers meeting as they played in her sex, myriad others...

Driving home, my eyes squinting in the morning light, your mouth lifts from my lap, murmuring a comment about my taste and hers mingled, tuck my cock back inside, then turn to rest on your back. I stroke your hair softly, too tired to speak. Your eyes meet mine, though, and we smile.