 I'm not sure if you've ever had to get up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom after having fallen asleep with two beautiful women in your arms, but the struggle to do so is pretty real. I managed to complete the task, but only after several minutes of tiptoeing and controlling the pressure my body was exuding. It was like trying to get out of bed while stepping over two glasses of red wine. 

When I finally got to the edge of the bed and stepped down I felt a sudden relief; like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders. And when I looked at the twins responding to my movements something strange happened: they both turned over on their sides and faced the center of the bed. They drew their hands down and pulled the bedsheets up to their necks. And they let out a large breath before going back into full on sleep mode. They did this at precisely the same time and with perfect symmetry...if I didn't know any better I would have thought I had synchronized them before they fell asleep. But even if I had (which I hadn't), how could they possibly be synced up in their sleep? 

Of course the obvious answer was that they were faking sleep, but as I started to put the notion out of my head and turn to the bathroom one of the twins turned back over on to her other side while the other twin remained where she was. This told me they were definitely not synchronized, but at the same time I wondered if the twins could be trained to sync up while they slept. 

This presented intriguing new opportunities. If the twins were simply acting like they were synced without actually being synced then would I possibly be able to experience some sort of sexual activity with them while they slept and still keep my promise to them? After all I certainly had not synchronized them. Were they even aware that they were acting synchronized at all? If they remained asleep while I tried to play with them would they even know about it? 

I thought about all this and more while I was in the bathroom. After I was finished washing my hands I splashed water on my face and looked at myself in the mirror. I barely even recognized myself. What the hell was happening to me? Why was I thinking these thoughts? This entire mindset of mine was absurd, but then again...the twins were a little absurd themselves. They were literally unbelievable, and if I hadn't gotten to experience them as much as I had already I feel like these thoughts would have never occupied my mind. Even when we weren't together; even if we were spending days apart there was never a time where my mind truly questioned the reality of all this. I told myself I couldn't believe this was happening; what my life had become, but this was just something I told myself. It was something you heard other people say when they felt something remarkable and fantastic had happened to them. It was something you said out of obligation and courtesy. 

If I knew it was going to be, say, two days before I saw the twins again I looked forward to our next meeting desperately because I knew that it was going to be remarkable and fantastic. I never once questioned that. But for everything I didn't question when it came to the twins there was a question I obsessively wanted answered. 

When I finally turned off the light in the bathroom and opened the door to step into my bedroom I half expected the twins to be awake what with the noise and light and movement and what not...but they weren't. They were sound asleep, and as I approached the edge of the bed and looked down at them with moonlight pouring over their soft faces and eighteen year old bodies I couldn't help but feel aroused. 

Before I knew what I was doing I was pulling out my cock and idly stroking it as I watched the twin nearest me breathe in and out cutely as she slept. Her beautiful blonde head was facing me, and I reached down to the sheets bunched up by her neck and gently started to tug as slowly and gracefully as I could. She stirred for a moment, but then turned on to her back with her head still turned to me. 

As I pulled the sheets down her body her t-shirt came into view. It was a gray cut-off tee with the word "PINK" written across it in pink lettering. I knew for a fact that her sister opposite her was wearing the exact same thing. I let the sheets fall just over her belly button so that I now had her entire upper body in my sights. Her huge 34GGG breasts stretched her tee so lewdly that the bottom of her shirt did not even round the slope of her under-boob; you could see straight up into her cleavage from below. 

With my free hand I reached down to her right jug (the one closest to me) and gently placed my hand over it. I immediately felt the warmth of the big orb as it rose and fell with her breathing in my grip. 

My cock was growing harder and harder, and I began to stroke faster in an effort to alleviate some of its liquid lust. 

I grew more daring and squeezed my palm around her big breast, shirt and all. My fingers dug into her soft titflesh and that feeling of knowing that she belonged to me, that this massive boob belonged to me, flooded my mind once more in that all too familiar manner I had grown accustomed to. 

Just then her twin sister on the other side of the bed turned over, but thankfully she still had her eyes closed. However, she was now lying in the exact same manner as the twin I was currently groping and jacking over: on her back, head turned toward me, and her chest heaving in rhythm with her sister's rack. 

Now feeling a bit more confident I began to squeeze harder and faster as I could feel my climax approaching. My body was shaking from the excitement I was feeling and the threat of being caught in the act. In my lust I reached for her other tit and began to squeeze it with the same vigor as the first, and before long I was going back and forth between the two enormous melons. At one point I even reached down with both hands and squeezed them both simultaneously. 

That was the straw that broke the camel's back. I reached down to her right jug with both hands and held it in my fingers. With my thumbs I held my rigid cock in place as I pressed it against her giant globe and began to saw my dick over the slope of her monumental melon. 

"Mmm..." I heard her sister moan. 

"Oh fuck..." I said, quietly. 

Both girls moaned this time. 

[u] "Mhm..." 

Hearing them moan as if they were synchronized was more than I could take. I squeezed her tits with my fingers as I slid my cock up the slope of her mountainous breast one final time and cum start to explode out of me. Stream after stream of my sticky manhood flew from the tip of my dick over her cleavage and landed on the other orb repeatedly. I stifled moans as I rained cum all over her clothed mountains; darkening her shirt with each and every spurt. After the bulk of my cum had escaped me I took hold of my shaft and stroked it over her head as the last of it drizzled out on to her pretty, sleeping face. I lined her face from forehead to chin, and then I watched as her tongue instinctively darted out of her mouth and ran over her upper lip...tasting my cum in the process. 

"Mmm...Daddy..." her twin sister moaned in her sleep from the other side of the bed. 

Careful and spent I managed to get back between the twins. As I took them in my arms once more I could feel one of the twins tense up. I heard her make quiet, incoherent noises as she shivered in my arms and as I drifted off to sleep she nuzzled against me and moaned out in relief. 

* * * * * * * * * * 

Since the next day was a work day I was awoken courtesy of my alarm clock, which I had almost forgotten to set before the twins offered to set it for me the night before. I opened my eyes and my vision started to adjust to the morning light. I could see and feel a blonde head buried in my crotch as she buried my cock down her throat. I yawned and stretched myself awake before tapping her head in the same manner I tapped the "off" button on my clock. 

She immediately lifted her head up and looked at me with those sparkling brown eyes that I love so very much. 

"Good morning, Daddy!" she said. 

I yawned again as I sat up. 

"Good morning, sweetie." I replied. 

"Daddy, why do I have your cum all over me?" she asked. 

"Well, sweetie, I got up last night to use the bathroom and when I got back I saw you sleeping and decided to give you a gift for being so beautiful. Do you like it?" 

"I love my gift, Daddy!" she said as she happily leapt forward and threw her arms around me. She then looked up at me with those beautiful eyes of hers and batted her lashes. "I didn't get you anything, Daddy..." 

My hand roamed down her back to her perfect rear and I looked down at her with hunger in my eyes as I squeezed her butt and felt her flesh filling my hand. 

"Not yet you haven't..." I said. 

I then held her at her ribcage as I maneuvered my body around hers. Once behind her I pushed on her back so that she was now on her hands and knees. I quickly pulled her panties down and slid them down her legs and off her feet before discarding them uncaringly. Hastily and hungrily I reached down to my cock and guided it to her pussy from behind where I thrusted my cockhead into her as if I was on autopilot. 

She moaned as she felt me penetrate her from behind, and I started shoving more of my cock into her in response. 

"Uh! Daddy! Uhhh! Oh, fuck, Daddy! It's so big!" she moaned. 

"Take it, sweetie!" I commanded her as I slid my cock all the way into her. "Take Daddy's big cock..." 

"Yes...mmm...yes! Yes, Daddy!" she screamed. 

I reached down and took her by the hips as I made my cock retreat from her clamping vagina. I speared my cock back into her and pulled her toward me over and over as I began to ram her with full force and no remorse. 

"Oh fuck...fuck yes!" I moaned as I fucked the daughter of my friends. 

I looked down and saw the flesh of her butt rippling around my cock as I pounded my pelvis against her. Her buns were bouncing forward and back as she let me use her body to jack myself to climax. 

"UH! UH! UHHH!" she moaned. 

"That's it, sweetie..." I moaned as I began to slide my cock in and out of her faster. "Take it! Take it you busty babe!" 

"UH! UH! Yes, Daddy! UH! OH FUUUUUUUUCK!" 

Moments later I felt the familiar sensation of being pushed over the edge. I pulled my cock out of her and let it slide between her buns as I sawed back and forth between them just like I had done with her tits the night before. Within moments I was shooting my hot cum on to her back as my cock pulsed and throbbed against her ass. 

"Uhh...oh...fuck! Uhh! Fuck!" I moaned as I shot my cum on her. 

"Uhhhh! Uhhhh!! Oh fuck, oh yeah! Yeah give it to me, stud!" she encouraged me as she wiggled her ass against my spurting cock and stimulated me further. 

I let out moan after moan as my orgasm came and went. When I finally stopped cumming I was seeing stars in my field of sight. I leaned back on my knees as my vision adjusted itself for the second time that morning. My girl below me fell flat on her stomach and started to shiver as she buried her face in a pillow and started moaning. She began to cum, but I did not stay to watch the show. Instead I climbed off the bed and went into the restroom to wash up. When I was finished I walked out and then out of the bedroom; glancing at the spent blonde teen on my bed as I exited the room. 

It was a work day so I decided to hold off on fucking my other busty girl. Instead we enjoyed each other's company as we had breakfast, and when we were finished we went upstairs to get dressed. I left for work before the twins left for school, and by the time I'd gotten there I was already missing them. 

The day went on as per usual until about 2:30PM. That's when I got the phone call. 

"Jed...I need a favor!" Wendell said. He sounded frantic. 

"Alright, sure." I said. "What's up?" 

"I have court in an hour and I left a very important folder at home. I need you to bring it down to the courthouse." He said. 

"Right now?" I asked. 

"It doesn't have to be right away, but I need it by four. I'd ask Steph to bring it, but she's out of town at her mom's. What do you think? Can you do it?" 

I thought for a moment as I went over my schedule in my head. 

"Yeah, I can do it. I'll just leave work a little early today. No big deal." I said. 

"Great!" Wendell said. "It's a manila folder on the desk in my study. It's labeled 'Wattachest.' You remember where the spare key is right?" 

"Yeah." I said. "I'll tell you what. I'm gonna go ahead and take off right now. Is that okay?" 

"That'd be great!" he said. "I guess I'll see you soon." 

I hung up the phone and grabbed my coat as I walked out of the office. I made the familiar drive and by the time I got to the neighborhood I couldn't even remember driving there. Once I got to Wendell's house I took the spare key from his hiding place and entered via the back door. I walked through the kitchen and around the corner in the living room where I made my way down the hall to the study. Sure enough the folder was on the desk just like Wendell said it would be. I made the return trip to the backdoor but as I walked through the kitchen and passed the stairs I stopped. Up those stairs was Wendell's bedroom, of course, but the twins' rooms were also upstairs. I began to make my way upstairs as if I was in some sort of trance; like I was being drawn to something. 

The first bedroom I looked into definitely belonged to one of the twins. I walked inside and was instantly surround by a sort of "teen aura." There was clothing and hair accessories and toiletries filling the room. I walked up to her dresser and began rummaging through the drawers. I came across one filled with underwear and bras and got immediately turned on. 

But the more I explored the more I felt...angry. 

None of this seemed right. I didn't like that this twin had her own clothing and accessories and such. I didn't like that she owned her own possessions. After cycling through her closet I walked back into the hall and stomped down to the next bedroom. I could tell as soon as I opened the door that it belonged to the second twin. I began perusing about and found different brands of clothing and make up than her sister's, different styles of design, and just differences in general. 

This infuriated me. 

I was on the verge of blowing a gasket when I saw a case housing a musical instrument atop a vanity. I went to the case and opened it up to discover a flute was inside. This particular twin played the flute. I hurriedly went back to the first bedroom and began frantically searching for a similar case, or any sort of musical instrument of any kind. I finally found a similar looking case, but when I opened it up I found a clarinet inside rather than a flute. 

Once again I began to grow angry, but then something came to mind. One of the twins had a habit of sucking my cock in a bobbing fashion. In order to do this she had to hold it in a style similar to how she held a clarinet. The other twin was more fond of sliding her lips down my length, which required her to hold my cock in a similar way to how she undoubtedly held a flute. I didn't know what to do with this information, but it did calm me down a little knowing I had some small way of telling the twins apart if I ever needed to. Still, it angered me that the twins could be even the slightest bit different at all. 

Now slightly more calm I walked back downstairs and exited the Judd home; making sure to lock the door before putting the spare key back in its place. I called Wendell to let him know I was on my way with the folder, and when I got there he greeted me outside. 

"Thanks, man! You're a lifesaver!" he said. "If there's anything you ever need..." 

I was about to tell him not to mention it, but once again a thought came to mind; and as I pondered it an idea was formed. 

"Actually...there is something you can do." I said. 

"Sure, what is it?" Wendell asked. 

"I need help with something. It's sort of a two-man job. Can you come over on Saturday?" 

"I don't see why not." Wendell answered. "I just have to run it by Steph first." 

"Okay, go ahead and do that. Then get back to me." I said. "Actually...why don't you invite Steph and the twins along? We can cook up some meat, they can use the pool; we'll make a day of it." 

"Sure!" Wendell said. "I'll run it by them and get back to you." 

"Excellent." I said. "Now get back to work, slacker." 

Wendell laughed at my mocking of him. 

"Says the guy who took the rest of the day off!" he said. 

We both had a short-lived chuckle, and then we said our goodbyes before I drove off. I didn't drive home right away; I had some shopping to do before Saturday. 

* * * * * * * * * * * 

Heat from the grill washed over my entire body as I turned a hot dog over with a pair of tongs. I clamped down over a steak and did the same thing with it. Behind me I could hear the sounds of girlish laughter and water splashing, and to my right I could hear the chatter of adults as they lounged around in my sun chairs. 

I'd made sure to tell the twins nothing about this gathering I'd told Wendell about. I was interested to see how they would react to the proposal, but once again they'd caught me completely by surprise; as confirmed by the next phone call I'd received from Wendell after our meeting at the courthouse. 

"Hey, Jed!" he had said. 

"Wendell!" I had answered. "Did you ask your fam about Saturday?" 

"I did. I did." He had responded. "But they had a sort of...request." 

"A request?" I had asked, genuinely intrigued. "Okay, what kind of request?" 

"Well they all want to know if they can bring friends over. See, Steph wants to bring one of her friends from Pilates, and the twins want to bring three of their friends from school." 

"Oh." I said. "Yeah, as long as you and I do what we have to do I guess that'll be fine." 

"Cool, cool." Wendell answered. "Listen, man. I'm not gonna lie. I'm pretty sure Steph is trying to set you up on another blind date." 

"Yeah." I said. "I kinda figured that. It's okay. I'll see you Saturday." 

Now as I turned around and faced the pool I recollected on just how lucky or blessed I was, whichever you want to call it. You see, current zoning restrictions didn't usually allow for people in our neighborhood to build pools; but since my father had had our house built so many years ago those restrictions weren't yet in place. Our pool had sort of been grandfathered in and as a result I was one of the few people around who actually had a pool. In fact, I didn't really know the other pool-owners in our neighborhood all that well; I just knew they weren't very social. 

The only times I ever really entertained were the times I felt I had to return the favor to Wendell and Stephanie, but over the years several guests had stopped by and enjoyed a small gathering or two. Some of these people I knew; friends from work, distant colleagues, mutual friends between Wendell, Stephanie, and I, etc. Some of them I didn't know...much like this woman Stephanie was currently speaking with: Lucy. 

I barely paid Lucy any mind. I was more interested in staring at the five beautiful teenage girls splashing around my pool in their bikinis. The twins were there, of course, wearing matching yellow two pieces. The way their boobs bounced around in the water was nothing short of hypnotic, to be sure. 

Then there were the three girls from the mall: Amber, Tiffany, and Gabi. 

Amber was the out-spoken redhead with the green eyes and FF tits. Her pale skin glistened with droplets of water as though pieces of Heaven itself had fallen on top of her. She was wearing a leaf green bikini, and although I hadn't noticed this in the mall she had the most shapely ass I've ever seen in my life. I've never really considered myself an assman and I'd only fucked a few girls anally throughout my life, but not only was Amber a suitable candidate for such an act - she was candidate number one, and perhaps the only real candidate I'd ever come across. 
