 I suppose this is the point in the story where I express guilt or uneasiness about what I had done with the busty twin daughters of two of my closest friends, and what I had allowed them to do. I suppose this is the part where I explain that I had some reservations about what we were about to do; that my mind was fighting itself about whether the situation I found myself in was good or bad, right or wrong. I suppose that at this point in time I can confirm for you that I felt none of that.

By the time we'd reached the top of the stairs I'd had a realization; or rather a number of realizations, an epiphany...of sorts.

The first realization I had was based solely on sight. As I stared at the girl in front of me with her golden hair gently bouncing atop her back as she walked I took in every feature she had, every wiggle her body made as she flaunted her perfect and naked rear, every contour, and every protrusion made by her flawless body. I realized, without question, that I didn't even have to picture these features on the girl walking behind me because they were completely and one hundred percent identical in every possible way.

You may consider this somewhat of an obvious statement being as the twins are identical and not fraternal. But I've encountered several pairs of twins throughout the course of my entire life and I can tell you that there was something even more identical about the Judd twins. It wasn't simply that they had mirrored each other's physical appearances with excruciating symmetry; no. There was something about their demeanor, their behavior, their very nature which was identical.

Think about that. Their nature. Nature never makes ANY two things the same; identical or otherwise.

Yes to say that the Judd twins were identical was a complete understatement. There were times when I actually forgot there were two of them; yet at the same time it was impossible for me to forget. I mean, could you forget the fact that you were staring at, not one, but two beautifully busty blonde twin sisters? I suppose this feeling is a bit difficult to convey. All I knew was the entire thing was erotic, to be sure.

But what made this realization all the more fascinating was that I was certain I was the first to experience this phenomenon from the twins, with the possible exception of Wendell and Stephanie. It was my knack for deductive reasoning that led me to this conclusion. This act or performance, whatever you'd like to call it for the time being, had a lot in common with their blowjob skills. It was spectacular in and of itself, but it was...unnourished. Under-developed. Unrefined, so to speak. I'd caught a glimpse of this during our last two meetings, but now that we were here in my home...

It was like the twins had turned on some kind of...switch. It was as if their brains were sending electro chemical signals throughout their entire bodies and they were willing those signals to fire off simultaneously in an effort to mirror each other perfectly. It was unlike anything I'd ever seen. I'll speak more on this subject at a later time, but for now I'll just say that this realization happened quickly on a deeply subconscious level.

Consequently it was this realization which contradicted their statements regarding themselves as virgins. You see, if they could put on an act as complicated as this "perfectly identical" thing they were trying to pull off then it would stand to reason that pretending to be unskilled and inexperienced would be infinitely easier. They seemed to have perfect control of their bodies, after all.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't at least a bit disappointed in this theory, but at the same time it actually made me more relieved. It made this whole thing easier to see through and confirmed my original suspicions -- that this was just, quite simply, a teenage crush the twins had on me. That relieved me of a lot of tension and pressure I'd been feeling since the twins had shown up at my front door. I'd had threesomes before in the past mostly during my college years, but I'd never had sex with twins. Regardless of what wound up happening once I got to wherever it was they were leading me I was fairly certain it would be fun. And that brings me to the next realization...

I was beginning to...feel. I was feeling things like excitement, desire, overwhelming lust. I remember thinking that I could find out if they were virgins by gripping the girl in front of me by her perfect waist and pushing her up against the hallway wall, then ramming my dick into her in the roughest of ways. I remember being so blind with lust that I did NOT want to be gentle in the slightest; even if it turned out they were, in fact, virgins. This was an effect a woman had not had on me in quite some time. It was moments like these when I question exactly what attribute or aspect the twins wield which turns me on the most. The truth is I really do love them; not just their bodies, but their minds, their beings, their very souls. If there was some way I could feel closer to them than simply by making love I would do it in a heartbeat. I would fuck their heartbeats. I would fuck their souls if I could.

But at the time I knew that I was not in love with these girls. This wasn't some "star-crossed lovers" romance story where our parents hated each other. I was a man old enough to be their father, and these girls were barely eighteen years of age. I'd known from the moment they'd walked into the restaurant that I was not in love with them; I was in lust with them.

And that was my mindset as I stared at the gorgeous, naked girl in front of me when we reached the top of the stairs and began walking down the hallway. I knew nothing of these girls -- not their interests, not their likes or their dislikes, not what kind of music they enjoyed, not even what they enjoyed sexually. Ninety percent of what I knew about them was based solely on physical appearance as I was uncertain about anything they had told me thus far; yet they had managed to do something to me I could not ever remember a single woman doing, let alone two -- seduce me. The last time I remembered being seduced was by models in magazines, actresses on television, and pop stars on stage. They had seduced a twelve year old version of me on the brink of sexual enlightenment with naught but a look, a smile, or a voice as I had navigated the waters of puberty and discovered my body for the first time.

I felt not unlike someone who looks back at the clothes they wore twenty-something years ago and thinks to themselves "what was I thinking?"

And as the girls led me down the hallway, a hallway in a house I'd known like the back of my hand ever since I was a child, I felt very much like a boy again...a boy experiencing puberty. The only difference was that instead of navigating the waters alone through a sea of unobtainable models printed on magazine covers I was being guided...by two gorgeous goddesses that models strived to be. The very beings that models modeled themselves after!

Tell me you wouldn't be nervous about that.

When we reached the top of the stairs there was some hesitation from the girl guiding me by my hand. I gently nudged her to the right and she continued walking in said direction; swaying her hips lusciously as she did so. I suddenly felt very unfamiliar in my own home. There were two more bedrooms at the opposite end of the hall directly across from each other, and in fact there was an entire guest bedroom just passed the living room downstairs. My father had made sure to have that room built with everything a guest could need for when our older and more physically challenged family members decided to pay us a lengthy visit. I didn't find it odd in the slightest that the girls had correctly guessed the master bedroom to be upstairs; the house just had one of those vibes.

One of the rooms at the other end of the hall had been mine all throughout my childhood and my teen years, but I had utilized the downstairs bedroom frequently for those late night (and sometimes drunken) sexual excursions with my classmates. As long as we were quiet enough my parents never even knew a thing. Even back then I had known that I was looking for something special in my life; something which may or may not even exist. As a result I remember those times upstairs jacking off in my bedroom better than the actual sex I had had downstairs. Since inheriting the house after my parents' deaths I had never had a woman in the master bedroom. Stacie and Kaycee Judd would be the first of my sexual partners to cross that threshold and become the first women to enter that room in ages.

In front of me the beautiful blonde teen opened the door to my bedroom and continued to guide me toward the bed. Behind me my cock was gently being stroked by the daintiest and softest of fingers by an equally gorgeous blonde teen (and I emphasize "equally"). I felt her hand let go of my aching cock as she stepped around me and stood next to her sister. Both girls then turned their backs to me and crawled on to the top of my bed slowly and sensually as if they wanted me to stare at their jutting rears while they did so. The girls reached the head of my bed and turned over on their backs, lying side by side. Each girl then spread her legs open and gave me the perfect view of their wet, mouth-watering pussies. They each brought their hands down and began rubbing their fingers over their lips.

Over time I've picked up on ways to correctly identify the twins. One such way, while isn't exactly surefire, is Stacie's tendency to remain on my left while Kaycee chooses to remain on my right. I'm sure there's some logic to this and while as I've stated it isn't as precise as I would like it to be it's actually quite reliable. That being said that is how I will proceed to identify the twins for the sake of this tale.

I stood at the foot of the bed and watched the lewd display before me: two busty twin sisters fingering themselves for my amusement. They were getting wetter by the second; while my cock had ascended to new and painful heights. I didn't even recognize it anymore. It didn't even feel like the cock I had known my entire life; it felt more like an unstoppable, unfaltering divining rod leading me to the twins whether I wanted to go to them or not. A swarm of murderous ninjas could have jumped between the three of us and I wouldn't have even blinked as I killed every last one of them before climbing the bed and claiming what was rightfully and truthfully mine; of that truth I am certain beyond any doubt.

Even with my cock throbbing as red, hot liquid lust pumped through my veiny shaft I was glued to the ground; my gaze frozen as I watched the two busty beauties start rubbing their clits. Fixated, I began to pump my cock through my hand out of pure instinct; letting the girls know that I desperately pined for what they were offering me. My entire body was dripping with primal desire; a desire I realized I had never really felt until now. I took a quick and powerful step forward; a step that screamed out and conveyed my animal urges to the twins as they lustfully fingered themselves on my bed. But as quickly as my confidence had come I became self-conscious and hesitated.

The twins responded with an image that will forever be sewn into my mind. Each of them took their hands off their clits and upturned them toward me. Then they both curled their index fingers and gestured to me with a beckoning motion. I was immediately hypnotized as I was compelled to follow them on to the bed. It felt as though there were strings attached to their fingers and the other ends were tied to my inner being as they pulled me, lured me into their lust-filled scenario.

Every experience I'd ever had in these threeway-type situations eventually boiled down to pleasing both women. In this particular situation the twins clearly wanted me to finger them; in keeping with their stance as being virgins, of course. When I climbed on the bed I crawled forward and loomed over them for a brief second before reaching down and gently letting my fingers slide up their smooth and flawless legs. My hands slid up their inner thighs and eventually reached their crotches where I immediately began circling their pussy lips steadily.

Stacie, however, reached down to my hand with both of hers. She pulled my hand away from herself and slowly shook her blonde head. She then guided my hand between her sister's legs next to her where she urged me to finger Kaycee.

I became confused, but only slightly. These girls were only eighteen years old and if they were to be believed then they were virgins as well; these were waters I wasn't accustomed to navigating. I did as she non-verbally asked and took to fingering Kaycee with both hands. I watched as she writhed under the movements of my hand as I started to play with her cilt. She began biting her lip, and oddly enough she wasn't making a single sound even though I could hear the moans and screams struggling to break free of her lips.

Next to her Stacie began to writhe in a very similar fashion. Her arms were tensed as she threw her blonde hair from side to side. She was making small and barely audible yelping sounds as she moved in tune with her sister.

I began to vibrate my hand inside Kaycee's pussy. This seemed to throw her over some kind of edge as she bit her lip especially hard and I heard a loud scream filling my ears. I was taken aback as I quickly realized the scream had come from Stacie.

I continued to finger Kaycee rapidly; rubbing her lips with two fingers as I rubbed her clit with a third. She started thrashing her head from side to side as Stacie's moaning became more frequent and louder. Her screams were filling the room and Kaycee had not made a single sound. My heart began to pound and my eyes went wide as I struggled to determine whether or not what was happening was even real.

Breathing heavily, I took my fingers away from Kaycee and sat back on my knees as I stared at the two blonde twins below me.

I tentatively reached out with my left hand and placed it over Stacie's tight little cunt. There were no objections from her this time. I leaned forward and began to immediately finger her with the same vigor I had used on Kaycee; she was already wet enough for me to do so and as I did I watched, again, in awe as Stacie remained quiet as a mouse whilst thrashing about vibrantly as Kaycee screamed out moan after moan in a symphony of orgasmic bliss.

I pulled back from both girls and stared down at them as the two teen bombshells gasped for air and struggled to breathe from the ravaging my fingers had just performed on their virgin slits. I immediately had my suspicions, of course. I think my first thought was that they were trying to pull some type of prank on me; like I would be the butt of some crazy, sex joke and my reaction would be filmed via hidden camera.

It was here that my mind began to race. Dr. Geoffries came in and began fighting with Jed over various outcomes, possible solutions, and potential threats. During moments like this I tend to lose wood. It's not always a lot, mind you. But it's enough to make me lose interest in current activities. This time, however, staring down at the Judd Twins sprawled across my bed...my cock remained rigid as ever, perhaps ever more so after experiencing the display they had just put on. There was something strangely erotic about the entire thing that refused to let my erection falter even in the slightest.

Confused and frustrated I let out the deepest of breaths before driving my fingers into Kaycee on my right. I drove two fingers into her vagina while using my thumb to rub her clitoris. I began to vibrate my hand every which way violently and rapidly. Through it all Kaycee had pure ecstasy and pure pain dangling from her face as she remained confidently silent. Stacie, meanwhile, was a symphony of moans and sex as she cried out in pleasure.

"Mmmm! FUCK!" she moaned as I fingered her sister. "God yes! Feels so good! Give it to me!"

I was at a loss for words. I was dumbstruck, in a very literal sense. I didn't know whether this was a joke or something which might actually be possible. Was there something about twins that I had missed? Was there any medical record of this phenomenon happening...anywhere? I mean, there's a medical record of everything happening somewhere. I'm pretty sure even Bigfoot has medical records. But I wasn't experiencing something that could happen or might have happened...I was experiencing something happening now. Something that was very and undeniably real.

Again I pulled back quickly. I placed my palms down on the bed between their legs and hung my head as I struggled to find air. My heartbeat was through the roof. This thing that was happening was turning me on for reasons I couldn't even fathom. I felt less like a boy going through puberty now and more like, well, just a boy.

"What are you doing?" I asked, my face pointed down at the bed as I questioned no one in particular.

The girls' breathing slowly became steadier. I could feel their gazes on me even though I wasn't looking at them.

"What...do you mean?" one of them asked.

I pulled my head up and looked at the two teens on the bed below me.

"Why are you doing this? What even is this?" I asked, trying to convey that I was being absolutely serious.

The twins looked up at me with inquisitive eyes.

"We're just...having sex. This is how we experience sex." Stacie said.

"Experience sex..." I repeated. "I don't understand you two. You said downstairs that you were virgins."

At this the girls curled their knees beneath them and sat up on them.

"We are!" Kaycee said. "We are, Dr. Geoffries!"

"I don't care if you are or not!" I said, sternly. This caused the girls to flinch ever so slightly. "I'm sorry...I didn't mean to snap. Look, okay, a part of me does care. But really...all I want is for the games to stop."

Each of them both turned their heads downward and looked away from me, as if they were trying to hide tears.

"We...we can't." Stacie said. "I'm sorry. But they're not games!"

I sighed in frustration.

"So this is like a prank? You're filming this and you're gonna show it to your friends or something right? Have a good laugh?"

"We would never do that!" Kaycee said.

"But we do have some friends that want to f-"

Stacie was stopped short as her sister elbowed her.

"Shuuuuuush!" Kaycee whispered.

Stacie then grew red for a moment before speaking up.

"I'm sorry..." she said.

I let out another heavy sigh.

"Look...you girls are beautiful. You really are. And I want to bang you both. I really, really, REALLY do...but...I feel, wrong. It's hard to explain. You seem like good girls, really. I just don't like feeling like...like..."

"Like you're not in control?" Stacie asked.

"Like you don't have all the answers?" Kaycee followed up.

I shook my head.

"Don't do that." I said. "Don't act like you know me. I fell for your act downstairs, but I'm not gonna fall for it up here. Fool me once..."

The twins looked at each other for the briefest of moments before turning back to me.

"Do you want us to leave?" Stacie asked.

"Yes, I do. Please leave." I said.

"Okay fine. We'll leave." Kaycee answered. "But we want our bras back."

I froze up completely at this statement. I think I might even have gone pale.

"Your...bras?" I asked, shakily.

"Yes." Stacie said. "You know. Our bras that are used to contain our 34GGG tits? The tits that are right in front of you? We loaned them to you and now we want them back."

I had been keeping their bras in the nightstand next to my bed, which Kaycee was sitting right next to. I'd spent every day of the past week shooting load after load of my cum on each of their bras, and some of the evidence of which was still present on my bedsheets in some form or another. When I lifted their cups up to my nose I could smell their tits and cleavages; almost like how you might hear the ocean through a seashell. Because of this I hadn't washed them for fear of losing their heavenly scent. I had originally thought that if they came by and requested them I could come up with some BS excuse as to why they looked and smelled different as a result of my cum...but now...
