 (All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older.)

I looked up at the girl standing above me (quite a feat, actually, as her enormous rack ensured the task was not an easy one). There were strands of loose, blonde hair framing her face as she beamed down at me. Her brown eyes conveyed a sense of love I still was not familiar with; even so I knew that I liked it and that I never wanted that feeling to leave.

"Arms up!" she said.

I followed out her "command" without question and lifted my arms up and over my head. Water dripped down my limbs and trailed down my body where it fused with the water beneath me.

I was sitting in the bathtub in the master bath. The Juggs Sisters were on their knees both in front and behind me. Before entering the tub I'd been treated to a truly rare sight: two busty twin sisters sensually washing each other for my enjoyment; and enjoy it I had. I'd sprung a boner almost immediately, and it still hadn't subsided.

Not that it ever had a chance to; the twins had a way of keeping me hard by way of various techniques. Currently the twin in front of me was running her soapy hands up the length of my arms. One hand also held a big sponge, and when she reached my hands she took the sponge in both hers and wrung it out over my head. Her giant tits had been filling my eyes completely, but now my view of them was temporarily obstructed as water and soap dripped down over my head and face.

The twin to my rear now reached up, and I felt her hands atop my head as she rubbed her dainty fingers through my hair. After several moments of washing my head I felt her fill a large cup with bathwater and then pour it out over me; ridding me of any soapy residue. I then immediately felt her fingers on my shoulders, and then she leaned down to rub my chest; mashing her generous breasts against the back of my head in the process. I could feel her tits on either side of my head as she rubbed, and with one pair of 34GGGs right in front of me and another identical pair pressed against my head I was thoroughly enjoying this bath.

"You're such a dirty, dirty boy!" the twin in front of me said as she smiled down at me. Her twin sister's hands were roaming all over my upper body.

"It's a good thing we're here to get you nice and clean!" the twin behind me said.

I smiled to myself as I listened to their cute wordplay. A few weeks had passed since the twins had "moved in." Thus far they had been doing everything I'd asked of them -- filling their individual rooms with their own personal belongings and spending time in them. As a result our threesomes had become less and less frequent. Most of the time if I was enjoying a sexy adventure with one twin the other would be spending time in her room; there was almost always music coming from at least one room, and I imagined them doing things like homework or communicating with friends via tablet or phone while they were cooped up.

That, however, was not the main reason our threesomes had become few and far between. No, the main reason was because I had taken to synchronizing them more frequently; and as I'm sure I don't have to explain further: synchronization meant no sex.

Surprisingly enough despite my constant state of arousal in whatever state the twins were in I actually did not seem to mind the fact that our threeways weren't happening as often. It was true that I gained a massive erection whenever I synched the twins up, but it was also true that I could have that erection immediately dealt with by one (or sometimes both) of the Juggs Sisters pretty much whenever I wanted -- so long as I desynchronized them first.

I feel I should mention at this point in time that I still had mixed feelings regarding this decision I'd made to have the twins move into my upstairs bedrooms. I went into their rooms as often as I could, but only when the twins weren't home. Each time I went into one of their rooms I was immediately overwhelmed by a teenage (childlike, even) atmosphere. Their rooms were often somewhat messy and unkempt; it was a sharp contrast to the way our shared bedroom, my bedroom, looked...as well as the rest of the house. I found it a wonderful thing that the twins could be so much like irresponsible teenagers and like responsible, mature adults all but simultaneously.

That being said...

The very thought of those rooms angered me, still. But more on that later.

I looked at the teenage form in front of me. Everything about her physical appearance screamed "youth," but her actions and her demeanor were anything but. She was a stunning view of feminine perfection, the envy of countless women I didn't even know, and she was washing me both from in front and behind; as if I were a child. It was comforting, and I'd be lying if I said that it didn't turn me on.

"Stand up!" she said, excitedly.

I took to my feet, and as the cold air hit the bulk of my body I began to shiver. She took her sponge in hand and ran it up the length of my inner leg, and when she reached my groin she lightly brushed the underside of my hard cock and I saw her gaze linger on it for a slightly longer period of time than usual.

"Mm!" she moaned to herself.

Her sister on my other side now stood up as well. She pressed her gargantuan rack against my backside and brought a soapy hand over the head of my cock. She massaged it in her palm and left it covered in soap as her entire hand tried to grip the full girth of my dick and she slid her hand down my shaft; covering it with soap as well.

"I think we might have to clean this VERY thoroughly, don't you think so Daddy?" she asked in an innocent, childish voice.

"You took the words right out of my mouth." I said to the twin below me -- the twin that had not asked the question.

"What can I say?" she said as she threw me a wanton look from down on her knees. "It's what I was born for!"

"Oh...fuck..." I moaned as I felt my cock throb and harden in my girl's hand. A moment later I felt a breathy heat in my right ear as she whispered.

"That's what you were thinking, right Daddy? That I was born to bathe you...to serve you..."

I nodded as if my head was on autopilot while my girl pumped my shaft through her soft hand faster and faster. I then felt another hand on my balls, and I looked down to see her massaging me from down on her knees while she spoke.

"Right now I'm your busty bath maiden..." she said. "...but after this I could be your sexy maid. Or your slutty schoolgirl. Or your own personal cheerleader. Oh! I know! We should write a cheer for you!"

"Oh! That's a great idea!" the twin behind me said as she craned her head around my shoulder and looked up at me. "Would you like that Daddy?"

Maybe it was because I hadn't been with both twins in quite some time, but for whatever reason at that moment words seemed to be failing me left and right. I nodded; once again feeling as though I was simply going through the motions.

"Maybe...we can get Amber, and Tiffany, and Gabi to cheer for you, too. You remember them from the party and the mall, right Daddy?"

Thoughts of their three friends flooded my mind for what felt like the umpteenth time. I was instantly taken back to that day of the pool party when five incredibly sexy teenage girls had been prancing around in their bikinis shamelessly. At MY house, no less! A place they had never been to belonging to a man they didn't even know. They all five had "slut" written all over them, and I wanted to bring it out of them in the worst possible way.

"Oh!" the twin behind me exclaimed as I suddenly realized my cock had been throbbing excessively in her grip. "My, I guess you DO remember them, huh Daddy?"

"No!" I said, suddenly. "Well...I mean, yes. Yes I do. But not like that! Girls, I want you both to know that I would never...do the things that we do together...with them. Or anyone! I promise you. I would never hurt you like that."

At this the twins giggled.

"Daddy!" one of them said. "You're so silly. Just relax, ok? And let us take care of you like we were born to do..."

I then suddenly felt myself being gently pushed back, and before I knew it I was sitting back down with water surrounding me and my back against the edge of the tub. One girl stood above me and looked down with what seemed like determination in her eyes, and without uttering so much as a single word her body language alone told me that we were about to have sex. Sure enough I soon found my hands resting on her hips as she lowered herself down over me and straddled my legs.

She reached underwater and took my cock in her small hand. Now hovering above it she eased me into her as gently as she could, but this did not stop the pleasure from being any less intense; as evidenced by her screams of passion a moment later.

"Oh FUCK!" she yelled. "You're so FUCKING BIG!!"

I reached up and cupped her enormous breasts in both my hands. I squeezed down over them and felt her womanly flesh overflowing in my hands.

"Fuck yes..." I uttered, staring at her tits as she began to lower and raise herself repeatedly over my rigid pole.

I then heard the sound of water crashing, and I looked to my left and saw an identical girl approaching; her identically large breasts temptingly inviting me to grab them just as the pair in my hands had done. Not wishing to be left out she reached for my left hand and pulled it away from her sister's breast. She brought my palm down over her own breast and pulled it into her hard; encouraging me to squeeze it on my own. I did not disappoint.

"There you go, Daddy..." she cooed as she leaned down and kissed my cheek before whispering in my ear. "Just let us relax you..."

She then pulled back, and I continued to squeeze her luscious melon along with the identical one belonging to her sister. She was bouncing up and down me with more enthusiasm now and it was impossible to ignore with all the water splashing about (a lot of it over the edge of the tub and on to the floor) as well as the lewd words rocketing out of her mouth like they'd been part of some kind of word-bomb and it was just now finally exploding.

"UH! UH! Fuck! Fuckk! FUCK! FUCK ME! FUCK ME, STUD! UHH!"

In the midst of her shouting she somehow found time to lean down and kiss me square on the lips. She and I made out for a while as she continued to ride my cock into oblivion, and as soon as we were done I felt a hand turning my head to the left and my lips were immediately met with the second girl's; and my tongue was soon met with hers as well.

"Mmm...mmm..." she moaned into my mouth as the girl on top of me screamed. "UH UH UH FUCK FUCK FUCK! GIVE IT TO ME!"

Temporarily forsaking the girl to my left, I took my hand off her heavenly hooters and reached down to for the hips of the girl bouncing up and down on top of me. I started to heft her up and slam her back down on my hard cock, and as I did I leaned over to the left and tried to fill my mouth with the other twin's tits. The act proved a bit difficult as she was just out of reach, but she swiftly rectified that problem by moving closer and cradling my head against her heaving bosom.

"Sweet, precious baby..." she cooed as she stroked my hair; her ginormous jugs moving in time with her breathing as they pressed up against my face. "Mommy's going to take VERY good care of you..."

With all this amazing stimulation going on around me the urge to cum was quickly becoming more and more overwhelming, but I fought back the explosion like a bomb expert. It was times like those when I truly had no idea what was going on in the minds of the twins. Were they more excited to keep the sex going, or would they be more excited if I came? As perplexing and intriguing as those questions were I spent little time trying to answer them. I had a pair of 34GGG gazongas smothering my face while another pair bounced in front of me; all the while my cock was being squeezed by the tightest pussy I had ever come across in my entire life. What's that saying about the best things in life? Ah, yes - they come in pairs.

Since my vision was obstructed by a giant pair of tits yet again I had no choice but to fumble around for the other pair with my hands like a blind man. My hands traveled up her flat belly and rib cage until I finally struck gold and felt the tops of my hands surrounded by the warmth of her underboob. My fingers swiftly traversed the swell of her bountiful boobs until I reached her hard nipples. I began to squeeze and prod at them like a young child playing with his toys for the first time.

"Uh! Uh! YES! YES! Squeeze my tits! UH!" she moaned as I toyed with her nipples.

I did as she so humbly requested and began to fill my hands with her abundant tit-flesh. Soon her melons were being squeezed with all the enthusiasm of a man being fucked by a busty blonde teen and her identical twin sister.

I could feel myself approaching the edge of a cliff I would not be able to climb back up if I let myself fall, and so I decided to try and back things up. I pulled away from the cleavage being offered to me on my left and gripped the busty girl's waist in front of me. I lifted her off and then pulled her over to my right. I then wrapped my left arm around the girl to my left and gently nudged her to the right. She took the cue and assumed her identical sister's previous position over my throbbing cock.

Within seconds she was impaling herself on me, and as my throbbing member entered her warm depths I could not help but let out an elongated moan bathed in pure ecstasy.

"Ohh....fuckkkk....."

The twin next to me leaned down into my ear and licked me as she began to whisper.

"You like that, Daddy? You like fucking your two busty twins sluts?" she asked.

"Fuck...yes!" I moaned back in approval.

The twin on top of me was bouncing hard. Water was pouring out of the tub and on to the bathroom floor like a river. It was the last thing on my mind, however, as I knew the twins would take care of any mess I made without even having to be asked.

"MMM! MMPH! UHHHH! UHHHH!" she moaned.

Slapping noises could be heard; both from the motion of her body hitting the surface of the water over and over and from her body ramming into mine from above. Her pussy felt exactly the same as her sister's, and in the midst of all this I had yet another revelation as my cock repeatedly entered the tightest pussy it had ever been in.

I realized that in order to keep their pussies identical the twins must have been trading off accordingly whenever it came to having sex with me. Each time I fucked one of them it was like drawing a tally mark on them, and in order to keep up this whole identity façade the twins had to make sure the tally marks were even; or at the very least as even as could possibly be. The sheer level of effort and dedication that this revealed on the twins' parts succeeded to turn me on immensely, and as my adrenaline soared I reached for her hungrily and began bouncing her on top of me just as I had done her sister previously.

Her moaning now became more and more prolonged as well as incoherent at times. Next to me I could feel her sister's look of awe as she watched my passion and lust take over, and I turned to her to see her hands buried underwater while her chest heaved from the deep breaths she was taking and moans she was struggling to hold back.

I reached for the back of her head to pull her into me and the two of us kissed. I pressed my lips into her harder and she responded by temporarily doing the same before jutting her tongue into my mouth.

When our kiss finally broke I was eager to see some twin-on-twin action, and so I commanded the pair of busty blonde teens.

"Kiss for me." I said.

I watched as the two sisters pressed lips without question or hesitation, and my cock throbbed as I watched the busty duo kiss not as sisters or even as lovers, for that matter; but as submissive sluts that were slaves to my will. They not only responded to my command, but they did so cheerfully and with a sense of purpose I was almost envious of.

After several moments of watching the hot, incest make out session between the Juggs Sisters I decided to break up their kissing as I took the girl in front of me by the waist and brought my legs in to my own body as I leaned forward over her. Her eyes caught my gaze and pleaded at me as she leaned back and drifted backward toward the edge of the tub. Water splashed and rippled all around us as I repositioned myself and loomed over her.

Without any sort of indication whatsoever I began to thrust into her; my body moving slowly but powerfully as I steadily drilled the horny teen girl below me. She had her eyes closed in pure pleasure and her head was turned to the side as she moaned out sexily.

"Uhh! Uhhh! Ohhhh! FUCK! Uh! Give it to me! Uhhh!"

Her sister moved to our left and caught my attention. She poured body wash over her enormous rack and slowly rubbed the gel into her tits knowing full well that I was watching. My cock throbbed for her from inside her twin sister as I watched her boobs grow shiny and lustrous. It was almost as if their shine was a beacon for my cock.

"We still have to get you nice and clean, Daddy. You dirty boy, you." She said.

She maneuvered herself behind me, and soon I felt the softness of her gorgeous tits pressing into my back. In contrast to the softness of her breasts I also felt the hard buds of her nipples digging into my skin. I shivered for a split second from all the pleasure that coursed through my body as she began to rub her generous chest all over my back.

"Oh...fuck yes..." I moaned as I rammed my dick into the busty slut below me.

"Oh FUCK! FUCK! UH! Plow me, STUD! UH! Plow me with your monster tool!" she screamed out lewdly.

As I felt the pair of tits washing me like a couple of 34GGG sponges I looked down to see the other identical pair jiggling from the force of my thrusting. I began to give her some longer, more powerful thrusts as I watched her tits bounce invitingly below me. The force of my fucking was causing them to move in an almost circular fashion. Unable to resist the temptation I reached down and took both of her massive breasts in my hands and squeezed them repeatedly as I was washed by her sister's own massive pair.

"Fuck...that's it, girls! God, I love your big fucking tits ladies!" I moaned out in approval of my two slutty teen subs.

[u] "Mmm! Thank you, Daddy!"

I slowed my thrusting down until I had come to a complete stop. I then pulled out of her tight love tunnel and took her place sitting with my back to the edge of the tub. I took hold of the other twin by the arm and pulled her to me, as if she was nothing more than a thing I used for my enjoyment.

"Turn around and get on my cock." I ordered her.

She smiled and nodded before hurriedly turning around and assuming the position as her ass hovered just inches from my face. I could feel the heat from her wet pussy over the tip of my cock; like she was breathing over it just before putting it into her mouth. The lips I was about to penetrate, however, were definitely not on her mouth.

I felt her skin on mine, and soon my cockhead was sliding into her and stretching the walls of her pussy apart as she slowly lowered herself down over my aching shaft. She moaned as she took inch after inch of me until she was finally sitting down and poised over my legs; my entire cock throbbing inside her and coaxing moan after sexual moan from her pretty and full lips.

"Oh, god! So fucking big! Uh! Uh! MMM!" she moaned.

To our left her sister was watching the whole display; having just experienced my entire cock herself.

"Yeah..." she said, sensually. "Yeah...take Daddy's cock you slut." She encouraged her.

"Uh! Uh! UH! YES! YES! YES!!" her twin moaned on top of me.
