 Much like the Narrator from the film we had watched that evening I was unable to sleep, and seeing as how I'm doing somewhat of a narration myself perhaps I have more in common with him than I think. Whilst I wasn't exactly an insomniac my bed did feel like it stretched out for miles. It felt empty; and I had never felt more alone in my own bed in my entire life.

I longed for the warmth of their bodies. We had had only a few encounters, but that was enough for me to become addicted. Their smells, the sounds they made, their very presence...it was all just driving me insane with desire. I tossed, I turned, I sweated. I thought of them sleeping in their rooms like precious angels too good for Heaven itself, and I wondered if they had cried at all the way they had cried during the past week.

I perused what photos I had left on my phone several times that night. My favorites among them were the ones where they were in their cheerleading uniforms. For some reason I found myself imagining cumming all over them while wearing them. But while I did jerk off to them several times there were also times I simply...just...stared. Just stared. I looked at their faces longingly and lovingly for what seemed like hours. And then I realized that I hadn't felt this longing while we had been sitting on the couch watching movies. There had been no sexual contact between us, and I had been perfectly fine.

I didn't see them at all the following day, but we communicated via text and online services. I only ever contacted them when they contacted me for fear of someone besides the twins receiving my messages. The twins explained that they had a cheerleading practice which was going to last until late evening, and that Wendell and Stephanie would not allow them to leave the house that late.

Needless to say, I was disappointed. But I managed to hang on until Wednesday when the twins were finally able to come over for a few hours. They'd told their parents they were going to hang out with friends for a few hours after their cheerleading practice, and when they showed up to my house they were still wearing their cheer uniforms.

[u] "Hi Daddy!" they greeted me.

I cannot explain just how aroused I was when I saw them. I'd seen pictures of them in their cheerleading uniforms, but seeing them in real life; the wavy skirts, the way their huge breasts stretched the fabric of their tops, the way their legs looked...it was all incredibly sexy.

They each kissed me on my cheeks as they entered cheerfully and giddily. They were clearly excited, and despite how unsure I was feeling regarding my stance with them they showed absolutely no acknowledgement of my uneasiness. In fact they seemed to be ignoring the events of our previous evening together almost entirely.

"Uhh...hey." I said as they wiggled by and passed me up.

I shut the door and followed them as they briskly walked into the kitchen. One girl opened up the refrigerator while the other opened up the pantry.

"Are you hungry, Daddy?" one of them asked.

"Girls, you really don't have to cook for me." I said.

"Daddy, stop!" the other one said as she stomped her foot down cutely and glared at me. "Yes we do."

"Okay, okay!" I said, reacting to her response. "I'm just really not that hungry right now, that's all. It's only around five o'clock."

"But Daddy, we only have a few hours here before we have to go back home. And we want to make sure you're taken care of."

"Um, I was doing fine all by myself before you two started coming over, you know." I said, matter-of-factly. "I do know how to take care of myself."

The girls giggled.

"Sure you do, Daddy. Lots of take out and lots of bacon. You take care of yourself, all right."

"Hey, I'm a doctor." I said. "I understand the importance of moderation. And besides I'm in good shape."

[u] "Yeah you are!" the twins said as they bit their bottom lips ever so lightly and looked at me with lust in their eyes.

I smiled shyly as they made absolutely no attempt to hide their obvious flattery of me. Once again they had managed to make me relax by lightening my mood. It never ceases to amaze; even to this day. It's a very sensual talent of theirs. It takes a very special person or persons to not only succeed at relaxing you physically, but mentally and emotionally as well.

"Cute." I said in response to their small display of affection for me. "Do you guys mind if I have a beer?"

"Of course not! Why would we mind?" the girl closest to the fridge asked as she opened the door and pulled a beer out before handing it to me.

I took it and unscrewed the lid.

"I dunno." I said. "You're young and I'm old?"

"Daddy!" one of them said. "You're not old. You're older."

I smiled as I took a sip of beer.

"Thanks, that's much better." I said, sarcastically.

"Besides, we're in high school Daddy. It's not like we've never drank alcohol before."

"Good point," I said, taking another sip. "I had my first drink at fourteen. You kids today are probably drinking by the time you're ten."

"Daddy!" the girls laughed. "We weren't that young..."

I laughed along with the girls.

"Let's switch gears for a minute." I said, as I shook my beer bottle in a circular motion. "I wanna do something with you girls that you enjoy. So...what do teenage girls like you two like to do?"

At this the twins did not answer, but instead bit their lips again and began twirling their fingers through their hair as they looked at me with a mixture of lust and shyness.

"Oh..." I said. "That. You two really are a closed book, aren't you? Is it so important to keep the mystery of yourselves alive? To me?"

"But Daddy!" the girls pleaded. "We only have a few hours here..."

"Hm, you're right." I said. "But even if we did do that it might not be enough time for me to finish."

Where had that come from?

The twins now stared at me with open mouths and sheer excitement glowing in their eyes.

[u] "Oh my god...Daddy!" they said as they both reached for their crotches and started rubbing. With their other hands they reached for their breasts and began rubbing and squeezing them as well.

The situation was quickly escalating, and as it did so did my cock. I set my beer down on the table and then walked over to the girls slowly with clear and transparent purpose emanating from my entire body. It took every ounce of strength I had to not run over to them. At that moment I realized that this was my chance to redeem myself in their eyes from my eyes. You see, the twins didn't feel I needed to redeem myself...but I felt as if they did feel that. I was going to do that by being the man they made me out to be; the man they wanted so badly to worship.

I walked over to the girl by the refrigerator and when I approached her I looked down at her beautiful face as she looked up at mine; her mouth was not smiling, but her eyes were. I brought my head down and we each closed our eyes as I pressed my lips against hers. Her lips tasted of green apple and I found it to be a tremendous turn-on; it was a reminder that she was a teenager. Flavored lip gloss had only been around for a few years by the time I was born, and by the time I was old enough to be kissing girls the fad had kind of gone full circle and many of the girls I dated were "over it." And of course the women I dated now were much too old for that sort of thing and considered it childish. As a result I hadn't gotten to experience flavorful kisses that many times throughout my life.

And as she pressed her lips back against mine and I reached for her waist while she threw her arms around my head everything about her screamed "youth." Her body had that unmistakable silhouette look, and it showed as my fingers touched her smooth, soft skin. I felt like a blind man as we kissed; experiencing everything about her looks and age solely through touch.

We broke the kiss and as we did I turned to the other girl. I immediately felt something was wrong because she didn't have that same look her sister, whom I had just kissed, had had when I approached her a minute ago. She still had excitement in her eyes, but they also seemed to be hiding a look of fear.

Because of this I approached her as slow as I could; figuring that if something was wrong she had plenty of time to react however she pleased. In that moment I promised myself I would halt any and all activity if there was even the slightest chance that she was uncomfortable. I had had that feeling before; that feeling of wanting to shield the twins from all of the bad things the world had to offer -- even if that included myself. I think that was the first time I allowed myself to believe that I would do anything for those girls, and I would do it unconditionally.

I finally reached her and when I did she still hadn't moved, but that look of unsureness on her face was still there. Instead of kissing her I reached up to her cheek and gently caressed it. She closed her eyes and a look of bliss ran across her face before she reached up and took my wrist in her hand.

"Wait..." she said as she opened her eyes and pulled my hand away. "Daddy...we want to talk to you about something first."

As promised I halted all action immediately and without hesitation. At that time I truly believed I had no right to intrude on these girls.

"Yeah, anything." I said as I stepped back and she let my hand go with clear reluctance. "What's on your mind?"

After hearing this the other twin sister approached me and took my hand. For some reason I noted that it was the opposite hand her sister had chosen.

"Let's talk in the living room." She said as she turned and pulled me along with her.

I stepped behind her and followed, and I could feel her sister following behind me. Just as with our previous encounter she walked me around the couch and we sat down with me in the center of it; a moment later her sister sat down on the other side of me. The two girls then brought their legs up and sat on their knees atop the seat cushions of my couch.

"Daddy..." the girl on my left said. "Do you enjoy being with us?"

I had the strongest urge to wrap my arms around each of them and hold them against me. I'd been having that urge since I saw them that day in the restaurant.

I sighed.

"Yes. But it's not just because we've had sex!" I quickly added.

The girls both looked at me with nonchalant smiles on their faces. They didn't speak, and so I decided to continue.

"Look." I said. "I like...feeling you both...around my house. I don't mean like, feeling your bodies or anything like that. I mean, I do like that, but...I like just being in your presence. Both of you."

The twins then perked up as they looked at me with adoration in their eyes.

[u] "Really?" they asked.

"Yes." I said, as I threw my head back and realized how dumb I must have sounded. That last statement barely even made sense to me. "I'm sorry for how stupid I probably sound. It's just difficult to explain, I guess. I've never really been in a relationship like this before so I guess...I'm still getting the hang of it."

There was silence for a moment, and then one of the twins spoke up.

"Wh-what did you just say?" she asked.

I brought my head back down and looked at the twins as I turned my head. They had these shocked looks on their faces.

"I'm sorry..." I said. "Did I say something wrong?"

Moisture started to appear in their eyes as the twins' facial expressions changed to sad ones. I saw their eyes glimmer for the briefest of moments before they closed them and they both threw their arms around me at once. I was taken aback; not sure of what was happening as I remained still and hoped that they would respond with something, anything, to let me know what my next course of action should be.

"Oh, Daddy!" the girl on my left said as she kissed my cheek.

"What? What did I do?" I asked.

The other girl spoke up now.

"Daddy...you said 'relationship!' You called this a relationship!"

"I...did..." I said, still confused by why they were so emotional. I couldn't really tell if they were happy or upset, but it seemed to be the former. I didn't want to make that assumption, however, for fear of being incorrect.

The twins then began planting kisses on my cheeks; tears running down their beautiful faces as they did so. They spoke to me in between kisses.

"Daddy! *kiss* We're...*kiss*...so...*kiss kiss*...happy you...*kiss kiss KISS* think of this as a...*KISS*...relationship! *KISS KISS KISS*"

"You...are?" I asked. "Honestly I hadn't given it much thought. It just seemed a natural thing for me to say."

"Good, Daddy, good!...*kiss*..." the other girl spoke up. "But now that you...*kiss kiss*...think of this like a relationship...*kiss kiss kiss*...what would you call us? *KISS* Are we your girlfriends?"

I was about to say yes, but then I picked up on something in the tone of her voice. I realized that that wasn't the answer they were looking for.

"Yes and no..." I said. I was hoping to stall in hopes of trying to find the answer they were fishing for. I honestly wasn't sure if I could find it, and I had no idea what would happen if I did or didn't. I was like a man lost at sea; any number of outcomes could take place but the most probable ones didn't seem to be in my favor.

[u] "What do you mean?"

I was at a loss for thoughts and thus at a loss for words. I decided to try and stall some more.

"You two are like my girlfriends, kinda...I mean, we kiss, and we've had sex, but you're also like...like..."

[u] "Like what, Daddy?"

As soon as they said that I realized what the answer was; it had been right in front of me the entire time -- they'd been dangling it and flaunting it right before my eyes. I felt stupid for not realizing it sooner, but at the same time I was just so happy to have achieved some iota of control over the situation that I didn't even stop to think that I might be, again, being driven by the twins to perform a certain action.

"You're my daughters!" I blurted.

The girls stopped kissing me for a moment as they leaned back and brought their hands to their chests in mock shock.

[u] "We are??" they asked, a hint of sarcasm in both their voices.

I now felt one twin's lips kiss her way to my own, and in moments we were kissing passionately. She pulled back and a second later I felt the other girl's lips on mine; we made out for quite some time and as we did my cock grew harder in my shorts. As the two of us kissed the other girl asked me a question.

"So...does that mean that you are our Daddy?"

As soon as she asked this the girl I was kissing pulled away and the other girl's lips were hovering just in front of mine. I could feel her breath and the warmth of her lips, and I could even taste the green apple lip gloss she had on as its scent wafted through the air over to me. I could feel the heat she was giving off, and I became lost in the moment.

"Y-yess..." I moaned.

She gave a short-lived smile and moan of approval as she rewarded my correct answer by pressing her lips against mine as we made out. After a few moments her sister spoke up and I was confronted by yet another question.

"And so...are we Daddy's girls?" she asked.

This question really did throw me for a loop. The obvious answer was yes, but it seemed too obvious.

"I...I don't know..." I said. "Yes and no..."

"Daddy..." one girl said as she reached down for my bulge and kissed me on the cheek while the other girl began kissing my neck. "Do you want us to be your girls?"

I humped into her hand involuntarily; it was an honest reaction to her touch. At his point I was too far gone. I needed this to happen because if it didn't I had no idea what I would do.

"I...uhh....I don't know!" I said as I felt her grip around my cock through my shorts.

The twin on my left now swung her leg over my lap and planted herself on me. As she straddled me she gripped my shoulders and began to grind her crotch against my bulge. I instinctively gripped her by the waist and pulled her to and fro; using her body to stimulate my cock through our clothing.

As this was happening the girl on my right had let her grip on my cock go. She then stood up on the couch and reached underneath her skirt, and moments later I watched as she slid her briefs down her legs and to her feet where she maneuvered them around her socks and shoes. As I saw her step out of them my cock grew underneath her sister and she moaned.

"Ohh....mmmm!"

She ground her crotch on me harder before slowing down and eventually coming to a stop. I released my grip on her body as she swung her leg off me and took to her knees beside me while reaching down to my shorts. She snaked her fingertips into the hems of both my shorts and my own briefs and began to tug; at which I lifted myself up in the air long enough for her to pull my garments off completely.

This was happening. And it was my chance to show the twins I could be what they wanted me to be.

Her sister on the other side of me wasted no time in taking her twin's place over my lap. She was holding her skirt up slightly, but I still could not see her pussy. I felt it; though. I could feel every detail of her as she lowered herself on to my head, and it was every bit as Heavenly as I had remembered. Having been fucked by me once (possibly twice) she was able to spread her lips around my cockhead fairly easily, but as she started to slide down my pole I was met with her bodily limit. I didn't mind in the slightest.

Her tightness was encompassing me; all of me, not just my cock. I was surrounded by that feeling. It was filling me up like that feeling I used to get on Christmas morning after I'd woken up. Her screams and moans and praise she shouted of my cock were enough to make me want to cum, but I had something to prove and I was undoubtedly going to prove it.

"Oh God, you're so fucking HUGE! Uh! Mmm! UH! Fuck me, Stud! Fuck me!"

I gripped her by her hips and felt the material of her skirt; it had a rough texture and reminded me of formal dresses I'd felt on various women I had dated. Our fucking was shielded by her skirt as it thrashed about over my legs, but I didn't need to see it to know that it felt fantastic. Her vaginal muscles were clenching around my cock in what seemed like an involuntary manner as she struggled to take more of me inside her, and as I looked up at her all I caught was the occasional glimpse of her pleasure ridden face framed by the outline and swell of her big, heaving tits.

I bounced her up and down my rigid pole as she threw her head back and moaned. Next to me her twin sister was pressing her lips into my ear and whispering.

"We're your girls...Daddy..." she said, breathily.

"You're...you're my...my girls..." I repeated. I felt as though the twins were somehow controlling my thoughts and actions. I barely even realized what I was saying. I was lost in the sex that was taking place and the tight feel of her body squeezing mine.

"We're Daddy's girls..." she spoke into my ear.

Once again I repeated after her.

"You're Daddy's girls..." I moaned as I bounced one twin up and down on my cock and felt the other tonguing my ear. "Oh fuck yes....!"

She planted a kiss on my ear and then I immediately heard her voice again.

"We're YOUR girls..." she said.

"You're...you're...you're my...." I stuttered. I was looking up at her heaving breasts as they bounced up and down inside her sports bra and cheerleading uniform. I was losing myself in this world of sex they were surrounding me in.

"Say it, Daddy." The girl next to me said into my ear. "Just say it..."

"Ahhhh! You're my...uhhh...you're my...FUCK!" I moaned. My mind was fighting itself over what was happening. I really did want them to be my girls and to be all of those things they were offering me, but I felt like saying it out loud might make it untrue.
