 When morning came the smell of bacon being cooked was wafting through the air; making its way from the kitchen downstairs all the way into my bedroom upstairs. Despite whatever reservations or questions I had held and what seemed like an irregular amount of activity over the course of my sleep I had actually slept quite well. In fact, I couldn't remember the last time I had ever had such good sleep and such good dreams. 

It was with these positive thoughts that I stretched myself awake and yawned. I turned my head and looked over to my closet and saw that my work clothes had been neatly ironed and were hanging from the door ready to be worn. And...oh yeah! I almost forgot! Someone was relaxingly licking and sucking my cock underneath the sheets. 

I could see strands of blonde hair hanging down over what I knew to be a beautiful and soft face. Over her head were the sheets I spoke of earlier. I reached down, took hold of the sheets, and yanked them away to reveal her lovely backside. She was one of the Judd Twins, and judging by the way she'd been bobbing up and down my cock I had to assume it was Kaycee. 

She quickly and reluctantly let my cock out of her mouth with a pop as she tilted her head upward and brushed her hair back with her hand. She opened her beautiful brown eyes and as the sunlight from my bedroom windows hit them they shined with an amazing and spectacular luster. Indeed her whole body was glowing; she had the glow of a woman who had just experienced a magical night such as prom night or a wedding night. She beamed down at me as she held my cock in her small, soft hand. Even though she was completely naked her smile was the thing I found sexiest about her at that moment. 

"Good morning, Daddy!" she greeted. 

I yawned and stretched once more before answering her. 

"Good morning. Daddy?" I asked. 

"Uh huh!" she said, nodding her head up and down as she stroked my morning wood. 

"Why are you calling me Daddy?" I asked through, yet another, yawn. 

"Because you're mine and Kaycee's Daddy, of course!" she exclaimed, proudly. 

"Kaycee?" I said. I found it interesting that I had been wrong about her identity. But I quickly let it out of my mind and continued the conversation. "I'm sorry, what do you mean by 'I'm your Daddy?'" 

"It's a roleplay, Daddy!" she explained. "Just a little one. We know this is a lot for you to take in, but we still need to get you ready. Baby steps, you know?" 

As she spoke she began dangling her feet and legs in the air childishly, and then when she finally finished what she had to say she took to sucking my cock once more. Now that I was more awake shivers ran through my body like electric shocks as I felt her mouth around my pole. I felt myself grow harder in her mouth and she moaned around me. 

"Mmmm..." she mewed. 

"I...I don't know..." I said. I was very aroused. I'd never been woken up with a blowjob before, and if I'm being completely honest the situation itself is what aroused me most. I felt like a king. "It just doesn't feel right. I mean, Wendell is your father. Not me." 

She pulled her lips off my cock and kissed the tip before looking back up at me. 

"Yes, you're right. He's our father. But you're our Daddy. And besides...I think you know how our father is. You know, with her." 

"You mean your mom, Stephanie?" I asked. 

Stacie nodded and then took to sucking my cock once more. 

I knew what she meant. Wendell made more money than Stephanie, but in their relationship he was the submissive one. He had regaled me with plenty a story about the things Stephanie would do to him in the bedroom; it was compensation for the stories I gave him of my sexual exploits. This behavior wasn't confined to the bedroom, however. Stephanie was bossy, overbearing, and possessive; that was just her nature. Wendell loved that about her. I'm not saying there was anything wrong with the relationship; they'd been together for over twenty years and had two beautiful children, but I think if I were a betting man I would have bet that a therapist would say that it wasn't exactly ideal for the twins. 

I, on the other hand, had no problem with putting Stephanie in her place from time to time. Much like our banter at the restaurant recently I often made snide and cheeky comments to her and at her expense. To me these comments came off as obvious jokes, but she often got into a fuss over them. I found this hilarious. 

"Wait a minute!" I said, suddenly realizing something as my mind still struggled to wake up. "You said...what did you mean when you said you need to get me ready? And 'baby steps?'" 

Again, Stacie pulled her mouth off of my cock. 

"You don't need to worry about that. You just worry about becoming comfortable with being our Daddy." 

"I guess it couldn't hurt to give it a shot." I said. "What do you want me to do?" 

"You don't have to do anything if you don't want to, Daddy." Stacie said after giving my cock a sloppy kiss. "We'll take care of everything, and when you're ready you can play along." 

"Okay." I said. "I'm not going to make any promises, but I promise that I'll try." 

Stacie giggled at my mind-numbingly stupid joke. God bless her. 

"Oh Daddy!" she said with a smile. "You're so silly!" 

Her laugh was contagious and so I began to laugh along with her, but in the midst of that moment I suddenly remembered that it was morning on a Monday and I needed to be at work. 

"Oh fuck!" I said, looking to my alarm clock and seeing that it was turned off. "Shit! What time is it? I have to be at work! I have patients!" 

I started to panic slightly, but then Stacie had her hands on my chest and her face was in front of mine in no time. I then felt her hands on either side of my face. They felt so soft and gentle I had no choice but to calm down. 

"Hey...hey...hey..." she said as she looked me right in the eye with her own eyes. Her own shimmering, loving, and nurturing eyes. I felt as though she was caressing my soul. "Relax, Daddy. It's still early. We know you have to be at work by nine, and you have plenty of time. I took the liberty of being your alarm clock." 

I turned to my alarm clock to make sure that I had seen it right the first time and to confirm that it was turned off. It was. I then turned back to Stacie. 

"If you set the alarm clock then why is it turned off? Did it go off and it just didn't wake me? Did I not hear it?" I asked. 

Stacie giggled. 

"Silly Daddy!" she said, beaming at me once more. "I didn't set your alarm clock. I am your alarm clock." 

"You...woke me up? You woke me up!" I said. "You were blowing me and you woke me up because you're my alarm clock?" 

Stacie's face was dripping with pride as she smiled and nodded. 

"I...that's...wow!" I exclaimed. "With the exception of last night that might be the sexiest thing I've ever experienced. I hope you don't mind me saying so..." 

I looked at the beautiful blonde girl in front of me and watched as her face scrunched up and moisture began to drip from her eyes. She was breathing quickly and heavily as she tried to hold back tears. 

I didn't know what to say. All I could think to do was apologize. 

"I'm sorry!" I blurted. "I meant that as a compliment, really! Please don't cry..." 

I was watching her intently and after a brief moment holding her head down I saw her raise her head up again, and when she opened her eyes they shimmered even brighter than they had before. 

"Oh, Daddy!" she cried out. In an instant I saw her stretch her arms out in a wide hug. Her huge breasts approached me quickly and without warning as she threw her arms around me and caressed my body with hers. "You enjoyed what the three of us did last night? Honest and true?" 

I could feel the warmth of her body against me. She was shaking; either from happiness or excitement, possibly both. 

"I...I did. I did enjoy it. It was...the best night of my life." I said. 

She looked into my eyes and once again I felt as if she was caressing my very soul; like she could see me, ALL of me. 

"Th-thank you Daddy!" she said as she tried to stop her crying. "I wish...wish...Stacie had been here to hear that." 

"Me too..." I said as I tried to play along with her game. "...sweet...um...sweetheart?" 

At this her face lit up and she opened her mouth wide as she looked at me with shock and excitement. She then started to sob again as she spoke. 

"Daddy! *sob* You...you...called me sweet *sob* sweet...heart! If only Stacie was here to see this!" 

"Where is Stacie, anyway?" I asked, trying to change the subject to keep her from crying. "Is she downs- 

I trailed off as I suddenly realized that something wasn't right. I had been wrong about something. 

"Wait a minute..." I said as I now sat up erect. "Earlier you said that I'm yours and Kaycee's Daddy. Now you're saying that Stacie isn't here...which would mean she's downstairs. What's going on?" 

At this her face grew red and she quickly lowered herself and went back to sucking my cock, but this time she did so with much more enthusiasm. She was bobbing her head up and down furiously in an effort to...I don't know...make me cum? Or make me forget. 

"No, no, no." I said, with a slight sternness in my voice. "Answer the question. What are you two up to? Did you trade names or trade places or something?" 

Reluctantly, she pulled her mouth off my cock and sighed as she looked up at me. 

"Daddy..." she said. 

Despite how many times she had called me that thus far I was still not used to it. Nevertheless I responded to it. 

"What?" I asked. 

"Do you want us to help you find your perfect woman or not?" she asked. 

I hesitated to answer. The truth is I had not given much thought to finding the perfect woman as of late. Even so I did still want to find her if she even existed at all. So I answered in the affirmative. 

"Yes, I do." I said. 

"Then just let this go. Please, Daddy! My sister and I only want the best for you. We really care about you. After what happened last night, can't you see that?" 

I sighed. At my core I liked what the twins were offering me, but my inability to understand due to lack of information was driving me mad. I didn't know why they were doing what they were doing, I didn't know what their endgame was; I didn't even really know them. Lack of knowledge is something I wasn't used to. 

"I guess so. I mean, you two wouldn't let me do all of those things to you unless you felt at least something for me, right? Wait...you two aren't crazy, psycho murderers are you? I'm not going to wind up dead when this is all over am I?" 

The girl below me giggled. 

"No, Daddy. We're not crazy. We want you to live a long healthy life." She said. 

"So I take it last night wasn't just a one night stand, then?" I asked. 

"We don't want it to be. Do you?" she asked. 

I hesitated to answer. This felt like a moment of truth, for me. I wanted to keep fucking the twins, of course, but this whole thing just felt wrong at the core. On the other hand they were of legal age so we weren't doing anything we weren't exactly allowed to do... 

"If I wanted this to continue...how would it work? You guys would just come over every once in a while?" I asked. 

She let my dick pop out of her mouth so she could answer me. 

"We would be over here as much as we possibly could. Sadly, we can't spend the night here every night. And we have to keep up appearances at home and school and stuff." 

She frowned and overturned her bottom lip cutely before going back to licking my shaft up and down. 

"I mean, I guess that would be ok." I said. "It's not like we're breaking the law or doing anything illegal. And as long as your parents don't find out. Or anyone, really." 

A huge smile swept across her face as she flattened her stomach on the bed completely and dangled her feet in the air childishly while she took to sucking my cock once more. 

I took a breath and reached down to her blonde head and gently guided her up and down my shaft, but as soon as I started my own stomach began to growl. I realized that the reason I hadn't cum or gotten too aroused from her licking and sucking was because my hunger was overcoming my lust at the moment. I hadn't eaten in some time. 

The busty twin at my crotch giggled and smiled as she sucked my cock. She then popped me out of her mouth as she continued to dangle her feet in the air. 

"Awww...are you hungry, Daddy?" she asked, as though she was talking to something she needed to nurture. 

"Yeah, a little." I said. "For some reason I smell bacon." 

"Then..." she said, sitting up on her knees and then crawling off the bed. "Let's go downstairs and eat!" 

I couldn't remember the last time I'd woken up next to a woman. In the past I had always left before that part arrived. As I got out of bed I was suddenly aware that I was naked, and I had to fight the urge to cover up. The fact that she was also entirely naked made the situation a bit more comfortable for me. 

"Follow me!" she said as she held her hand out. 

I took her hand, and then she let go. 

"No, silly." She said as she reached down to my cock and started to stroke it. Her hand changed positions as she turned her back to me and continued to stroke me as she walked. As we walked down the hallway I felt again like a stranger in my own home. Even though I lived alone it was rare that I walked around naked, and so that made things unfamiliar. Add to that the fact that there was a naked girl in front of me and quite possibly another downstairs it became safe to say that my definition of the word "home" was undergoing a few changes. 

We walked downstairs and turned the corner into the dining room, and as we approached the table I saw there was a single plate and napkin at the end of it; along with a glass of orange juice and utensils sitting next to the plate. 

"Sit." She said. 

I did as I was told and sat down with the empty plate in front of me. I looked into the kitchen and saw the other half of the duo over the stove; she was as naked as her sister. She turned around looking as vibrant as her sister had upstairs. She walked over to me with frying pan and spatula in hand and gave me a kiss on the head as soon as she neared. 

"Good morning, Daddy!" she said. 

"Good morning...sweetheart." I said, a bit uneasily. I couldn't quite get that to roll off my tongue as comfortably as I would have liked. "So I'm your...daddy...too, huh?" 

She giggled as she poured scrambled eggs on to my plate. 

"Of course!" she said. 

She set the items in her hand down on the table, and then walked behind me where she picked up the napkin and tied it around my neck. As she was doing this the other girl had walked to and from the stove with a plate of bacon. She now approached my left and laid two strips down next to my eggs. 

"We know you like bacon, but you only get two strips Daddy." She said. 

I looked up at her with omnipotence in my eyes. 

"Uh...it's my house, and my bacon." I said. "I'll have as much as I'd like, thank you very much." 

"Daddy, shame on you!" she said, throwing me a stern look. "After everything we've done for you...you still won't allow us to take care of you?" 

I sighed. The truth is I really didn't want more; I just felt I had to regain some sliver of control over the whole situation. 

"Okay, fine." I said. 

She smiled and then took the items off the table and headed back into the kitchen. 

The girl on my right now picked up a fork and speared some eggs with it. She began feeding it to me and then feeding herself off my plate as I chewed and swallowed. I felt even more like a king now than I had upstairs; and although it was making me uneasy I had to admit it was rather...well, fantastic. 

The other girl now returned with a plate of buttery toast. She set it down on the table and then took to her knees on the floor. She crawled underneath the table and nuzzled up next to my legs. A moment later I felt the unmistakable feeling of her mouth on my cock. She began sucking it as she bobbed her head up and down; trying not to hit her head on the table. 

I was in heaven. One twin was feeding me breakfast while the other was hungrily feasting on my cock. I turned my head to the side as I swallowed some more food and stared at her jutting rack just inches from my face. The swell of her breasts was magnificent, and her hardened nipples only added more to my lust for her. 

She brought the fork to my lips but then pulled back and halted her hand in midair. After realizing that I wasn't being fed at the moment I looked up to see her staring down at me. 

"HI!" she said. 

"Umm...hey..." I said back. 

"See something else you'd like to put your mouth on?" 

"Can...can I?" I asked. I was honestly unsure as to what the answer might be. 

"Daddy!" she said. "We keep telling you our bodies belong to you. You can do whatever you want with them whenever you want them wherever you want." 

After hearing this I leaned forward and buried my face into her beautiful rack. I instantly sunk into her deep cleavage and felt her huge tits pressing against either side of my face. I heard the sound of the fork hitting the plate and a moment later I felt her hands running through my hair as she gripped my head and pulled me harder into her tits. 

"Mmmm..." she moaned. 

My tongue trailed up the inner slopes of her orbs; tasting her delicious skin as I dragged my entire face along with it. With her breasts slowly jiggling around my head I reached down to my crotch and ran my hand through the other girl's blonde hair. I began to gently encourage the movement of her head over my cock, and soon I was at full erection. 

I heard the girl below me gag as more of my cock entered her mouth. There were slurping sounds coming from below the table and above the table as I got my cock sucked by one busty teen and I sucked another busty teen's tits simultaneously. 

I was thoroughly enjoying myself. 

I tilted my head up through the cavernous valley of her cleavage. She tilted her head down and looked at me with what could only be love in her eyes. 

"Yes, Daddy?" she asked of me. 

"You said I could do whatever I wanted to do with your bodies, right? Because your bodies belong to me?" 

"Only you." She said, answering positively. 

At this I put my hand on the glass and plate in front of me and slid them away down the length of the table. It had been my intention to simply push them a little further, but I had used a little too much force and they wound up sliding off the table and breaking on the floor as eggs and orange juice sullied it. 

I could feel the shocked expressions of both girls as they reacted to my sudden gesture. I then slid my chair back which caused my dick to pop out of her mouth. I took hold of the girl at my side by her tiny waist and hefted her up. I sat her down on the table and grabbed one of her giant melons as I pushed her back; forcing her to lie down. 

I brought my cock to her pussy and began rubbing my head all over. I was immediately taken back to the previous evening as the familiar feeling of her womanly parts washed over me. Before long I was shoving my cockhead into her tight tunnel and my shaft was disappearing inside her, coaxing moans and exclamations of pleasure from her as the girl under the table took to licking my balls as I fucked her twin sister. 

I started thrusting into her harder; my pelvis hitting her and the edge of the table, causing it to shake with each thrust. 

"Uh! Uh! Fuck! Yes! Right! There! UH! UH! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck me!" 

I reached for her legs and hoisted them both up into the air where I placed her ankles atop my shoulders. With my head sandwiched between her dainty feet I continued to pound into her harder as I fucked her atop a kitchen table my mother had been anal about keeping clean. 
