 All characters are 18 years of age or older.

* * * * *

"Okay, Skaycee. It's time for bed, sweetie." Amber said.

u: "I don't wanna go to bed!"

Skaycee, of course, was actually the twin 18-year-old daughters of my closest friend.

I had been browsing random videos on my tablet and watching them on the tv. I'd shown Skaycee the occasional video in between games she'd been playing with Amber. Tiffany had been joining me on the couch every so often as she frequently got up to tend to dinner. True to their word, the twins had sent me a menu earlier that day. They'd even printed out a few hard copies of it; one of which was hanging via magnet on the fridge. When I'd gotten home that day I'd been greeted by Amber with a very long and passionate kiss; throughout the duration of which I could hear Skaycee giggling and running around. Amber had preoccupied herself with her immediately after our kiss, and I'd been left to hang up my own coat, take off my own shoes, etc. 

Not that I'm complaining. That had been my (more or less) normal routine before the twins had come into my life. 

Tiffany had arrived shortly after. She and I had spent time cuddling on the couch as Amber had pacified Skaycee's playfulness. As I watched Skaycee run around and such I freely groped at Tiffany's big tits. After a while my groping and her writhing had become more and more sexual, and before long she'd been straddling my lap grinding against me as we made out. We'd been interrupted by Skaycee and Amber, and this had prompted Tiffany to blush and excuse herself abruptly so that she could get started on dinner. 

"Skaycee...I mean it! Bedtime, young lady!" Amber scolded.

At this Skaycee ran up to me and looked at me with pleading eyes. Amber stood behind her; breathing slightly heavier than usual as she had struggled to keep up with our daughter.

u: "Daddy, I don't wanna go to bed!" she said.

"It's already past your bedtime, princess." I told her.

u: "But Daddy...I'm not sleepy!" she responded.

"Skaycee..." Amber said. "If you don't get a good night's rest then you won't be able to go shopping with Daddy tomorrow..."

u: "Hmph." Skaycee huffed as she tilted her head and looked away.

"You do want to go shopping with Daddy tomorrow, don't you sweetie?" Amber asked of her.

Skaycee was silent for a moment, but only for a moment. I could tell she was straining to hold back her answer, but in the end she wound up unsuccessful.

u: "Yes..." 

"Good," Amber said. "Now give Daddy a kiss goodnight like a good little girl."

With slight reluctance Skaycee stepped in front of me and leaned down. She planted a kiss on both my cheeks and then stood upright again.

u: "Goodnight, Daddy. Can we get ice cream tomorrow?"

"Of course, babygirl." I said. "What flavor would you like?"

Skaycee thought for a moment.

u: "Umm...strawberry!" she said.

I smiled to myself. The twins liked strawberry as much as the next person, but I had noticed that when it came to ice cream they preferred chocolate; whether it be plain, mint chocolate chip, or what have you. I'd never once seen them eat pure strawberry ice cream. Then again, this was not the twins I was speaking with; it was Skaycee.

"Strawberry it is then. But..." I said. "First you have to get some sleep. Understand?"

u: "Yes, Daddy. I understand." 

She hung her head and sighed as she spoke, but Amber and I both considered this a win. 

"Okay, sweetheart." Amber said. "One become three."

The twins shook their heads from side to side, and then looked at me with excitement. They each sat down on either side of me on the couch and excitedly planted kisses on me.

"Hi, Daddy!" they said.

"Hello, girls." I responded.

"Daddy, did you decide on something for supper?" one of them asked.

"I did." I answered. "I ordered the salmon."

"Ooooh." The other twin said. "That's one of Tiffany's favorites!"

"It is." Tiffany said. We each turned to look at her as we were all surprised to see her coming around the couch. "But guys, seriously...that's the last of the salmon. We need more fish in this house! Why can't I go shopping tomorrow?"

"Tiff, we already explained this to you." Amber said. "Since Gabi can't be here today she's going to accompany Daddy tomorrow and help him take care of Skaycee. You and I have to start moving in! C'mon, it'll be fun! And besides...Daddy promised to take us shopping some other time. Right, Daddy?"

She turned to look at me with hope and expectation in her eyes.

"Of course." I said. "I've already bought plenty of outfits for the twins to fill my closet with. I want you girls to pick out some clothes and fill your closets as well."

At this Amber quickly stepped in front of me. She leaned down and threw her arms around me. 

"Daddy! I love you!" she said.

"I love you, too." I said. 

Tiffany still seemed a little upset.

"I know...but...the fish!" she whined.

"Tiff," one of the twins said. "If there's anything you want just put it on the list. Gabi will be in charge of it, so she'll make sure Daddy buys whatever you need."

"Really?!" Tiffany asked, excitedly.

"Yeah!" the other twin said. "We've told you this a dozen times already."

"I don't remember!" Tiffany responded.

"Whatever." Amber said. "Just text it to her right now, before you forget again."

"Oh!" Tiffany exclaimed. "Good idea!"

She then disappeared into the kitchen to get her cell phone. After a moment one of the twins spoke up.

"I'd...better go help her. She's either forgotten about dinner or the shopping list by now."

"Yeah," Amber said. "I think we overloaded her with too much information."

The girls all giggled, and then the twin that hadn't spoken got up to go to the kitchen. This left me alone with one of the twins and Amber. Both girls took up positions next to me on the couch and snuggled up next to me. 

"Hand me my phone." I said to no one in particular.

Both girls looked around momentarily, but then Amber saw that it was on the coffee table in front of her. She reached for it and handed it to me; then she went back to snuggling against me as I unlocked it and began perusing through it.

"Daddy, whatcha doin'?" the twin asked me.

"Eh? I'm just looking at the menu you and your sister sent me."

"Oh." she said. "Is there anything you want to keep on there permanently? Like a special or something?"

"No." I said. "Well, I don't know. I'm okay with whatever you girls offer me. But that one chicken dish that my mother used to make did catch my eye."

"Daddy, we have all your mother's recipes. We can make them anytime you like; just say the word!"

Both girls smiled at me.

"I know." I said. "Maybe you could keep one of my mother's dishes on the menu each week, or every day, or every other day, or something?"

"Of course!" Amber and the twin both said.

"Whatever you want, Daddy!" the twin added.

"You girls choose. Surprise me." I said.

"Okay, Daddy!" they said at the same time.

They then each leaned into me and planted kisses on my lips.

"Enough about food." I said. "Amber, stand up and turn around."

"Okay, sure!" Amber said. 

The beautiful redhead now stood up and began to rotate in front of me. Once she had her back fully turned I instructed her to stop.

"Stop." I said.

Amber stopped turning, and now her beautiful rear was staring me right in the face. She had on a pair of blue and white athletic shorts. They were so short that if she were to stretch her legs in any way they would ride up and look like a bunched up pair of panties on her. 

"What now, Daddy?" she asked.

I reached up, slowly, and gently placed my hands on her buns. The fabric of her shorts was smooth and almost silk-like to the touch, and once she felt my fingers applying a little pressure on her she flinched a little.

"Sorry." I apologized. "If this is making you uncomfortable I can stop

Amber took a moment before responding to me, but then she turned her head over her shoulder to look at me.

"Umm...it is making me a little uncomfortable, but..."

"Yes?" I asked, meeting her gaze as she closed her eyes momentarily. Upon opening them she spoke again.

"Daddy?" the twin next to me asked as she gestured to Amber. "Do you mind?"

I laughed a little.

"I don't think it's me you should be asking." I said, referring to Amber. 

Both girls giggled for a bit, and then the twin stood up and took Amber by the hips. She spun the redhead so that both girls were standing sideways in front of me; Amber's shapely rear pressing into the blonde's crotch. The twin's huge boobs were pressing into Amber's back and flattening out in a beautiful display of awesome bustiness. Since both girls were wearing skin-tight white shirts with no bras their nipples were clearly visible as they hardened. If I hadn't known any better I would have thought they'd worn those exact same outfits during cheerleading practice earlier that day, but it did seem odd to not be wearing tops that were more supportive of their gigantic breasts. It also seemed entirely likely that they had simply discarded their bras upon coming home that day. 

The twin reached down to Amber's bottom and placed her left hand over the busty readhead's left buttcheek. She gave it a light squeeze while moaning before pulling her hand back - way back - and slapping it against Amber's cheek with a loud smack.

"Yeah!" she yelled as she started to spank Amber repeatedly. 

"Uh!" Amber yelped with each smack of the blonde twin's hand on her ass. "Uh! UH!"

The twin now wrapped both of her slender arms around the redheaded girl in front of her. Her hands locked together at her crotch as she brought her lips down to Amber's neck and started planting gentle and extensively long kisses on her; gazing at me the entire time as the busty redhead's eyes rolled to the back of her head in sexual bliss.

"Mmmm..." Amber moaned.

The room became filled with the sounds of lip-smacking as one-half of my busty blonde duo kissed at Amber's soft skin repeatedly.

"Amber..." I said, pulling her out of her sexual trance. "Are you still feeling self-conscious about your butt?"

Amber nodded.

"Yes...a little..." she said.

"Can I be straightforward?" I asked.

"Of course you can, Daddy!" the twin said as she gave Amber's ass another spanking.

Amber simply nodded at me.

"Amber..." I started. "I love your ass. I think you have a fantastic ass. It's probably the best ass I've ever seen, and I've always considered myself more of a breast-man than an ass-man."

At this Amber blushed, but the twin behind her was unable to hold back a smile. 

"Amber, Daddy just said you have a beautiful ass! You should be grateful and thank him! It's what good Daddy sluts do."

"Th-thank you...Daddy..." she said.

I leaned forward in my seated position and placed my hands on my knees.

"I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable." I said. "But I feel that what I have to say is going to do just that. Amber, my goal is to make you feel more confident about that particular and beautiful bodily feature of yours. I want you to shed any insecurities you have about your rear. Does that sound like something you may want to work on?"

"Umm...I...I guess..." she said.

Upon saying this the blonde girl behind her gave her a very hard slap on the rear.

"That doesn't sound like a slut who is sure of her answer. Daddy is offering to help you, and you should be more willing to accept his help."

"Hang on." I said. "I have to confess that my motive here isn't entirely for your benefit."

"What...what do you mean?" Amber asked.

"I mean...that an ass like yours is rare. An ass like that comes into a man's life but once in a blue moon. And...I want it."

Amber's facial expression is one that I remember to this day. It was one of shock, fear, excitement, and pleasure all rolled into one. Her green eyes were wide and her skin looked whiter than usual. It looked almost as if she had jumped out of her own skin.

Her blonde friend, however, had a look of complete acceptance on her face. She was staring down at me knowingly, as if to say with her eyes: "Oh, Daddy, you dog!"

"Amber, did you hear me?" I asked, knowing full well what the answer was. 

"Y-yes..." she said, awkwardly.

"I want your ass all to myself. How do you feel about that?" I said.

The busty redhead now bit her bottom lip as she tried to avoid eye contact with me.

"Umm...I dunno..." she said. "I guess...excited?"

"Damn right you're excited!" the twin said, spanking her ass yet again. 

Amber yelped and giggled before responding.

"What exactly do you want to do with my...my...butt?" she asked.

"Ultimately..." I said as I looked up at her unflinchingly. "I want to put my entire cock into your tiny virgin asshole and buttfuck you until I'm ready to cum."

Amber's face looked like it couldn't decide whether to turn white with shock or red with embarrassment. The twin behind her, however, had a look of excitement strewn across her own soft face.

"Wow!" she said. "Daddy hasn't even put it in our asses, yet! You're really lucky, girl!"

Amber blushed some more.

"Umm..." she said. "I would be okay with letting you put it in my butt...but..."

"But what?" the twin asked with an annoyed tone. She was clearly upset that Amber wasn't more accepting of my proposition. She and her identical sister both lacked the patience I had when it came to others blindly succumbing to my will.

"I just..." Amber responded. "I don't really know if I can. You know...I've never done that. And it will probably hurt...and stuff..."

"I know..." I said to the young redhead. "This is only a first step. Call it mental preparation, if you will. I just want you to get the idea in your head so that you can come to terms with it. And while you do that there are some other things I want you to do."

After saying this both girls had looks of surprise on their faces.

"Really?" Amber asked. "What kind of things?"

"Do you know how to twerk?" I asked.

Amber nodded.

"Yeah." She said. "We all do. We sometimes incorporate twerking into our cheerleading routines."

"She's right, Daddy." the blonde said. "Twerking is something we just sort of do when we cheer."

"Okay." I said. "Then Amber...I want you to practice your twerking. I want you to get really good at it; better than all the other girls. Do you understand?"

Amber nodded.

"Yes..." she said, unsurely. "I mean...I'll try. The other girls can all twerk pretty good."

"That's okay." I said. "I also want you to do exercises which focus on your glutes." 

"Exercises?" she said.

"Yes. I want you to find out what exercises you can do which will emphasize that beautiful ass of yours. I want it to be the best ass in the entire world. The twins will help you with this, right?" I said.

"Of course, Daddy!" the blonde twin said. "We'll help Amber turn her ass into the best ass in the entire world for you."

"Is that...even really possible?" Amber said.

"Probably not." I said. "But I want you to strive for it just the same. I'm also going to start taking baby steps (so to speak) in terms of assplay with you."

"Baby steps?" Amber asked. "What does that mean?"

"Come present your ass to me and I'll show you." I said, commanding.

Amber did as I requested and took up her previous position with her ass right in front of me. I could see the twin in front of her had this sexual shimmer in her eye; I knew she was already beginning to grow wet simply from hearing me make demands and take control. 

I reached out and took both of Amber's luscious buns into my hands and squeezed, unapologetically. Amber flinched for a moment, but the more my fingers clamped down around her cheeks the more comfortable she became. We began to settle into that sort of sexual rhythm that I was all too familiar with.

To my surprise I began to see the makings of enjoyment overtaking her.

"Mmm..." she moaned out, quietly.

Her body was buoyant to the touch. Her flesh pressed back against my fingers from beneath her shorts with every grope I gave. My fingers found themselves battling to possess her while her young, virile body fought the laws of physics the way only a youthful body can. 

There was something very different about being with teenage girls rather than the women my own age. All the women I'd dated had had incredible bodies, but most of the time it was all too apparent that they had to work to maintain their figures. Sometimes women overdid it and wound up being much too toned in areas I preferred them to be soft. But with these teenagers that didn't even seem to be an issue. The girls all worked their bodies to perfection, yes, but I could tell that there was very little work to be done at all. Their bodies still had the advantage of youth on their sides, and whatever work the girls did was little more than putting the finishing touches on (so to speak). 

Amber was no exception. Touching her fleshy posterior was like I was fondling a girl's ass for the very first time. I was instantly transported back to my high school days, and then to my college days when sex had been more abundant in my life. I remembered a girl I had gone out with once whom I had considered to have the best ass I had ever seen...but if you asked me her name now I could not even tell you. Amber's name, however, is permanently etched into my memory. 

My busty blonde slut watched on as I squeezed away at her fellow cheerleader's rear. I gave her ass a few spanks (which I'm sure caused some sort of reaction on her part), and then decided to grow a bit more bold. I leaned forward even more until my face was a mere centimeter from the curvature of her butt. I slowly pressed my face into that warm cheek and planted a kiss on it.

Amazingly, Amber giggled in response.

"Hehehe!" she laughed.

Relieved at not causing her any further distress I began to kiss away at her ass repeatedly. My lips came down over her buns over and over, and each time I brought my lips down on her that beautiful rear of hers brushed over my entire face. I slid my tongue up between her fleshy buns; right in the crack of her ass while simultaneously feasting on her butt as I did so.

Amber's giggling began to turn into moaning, and before long I could tell she was really enjoying the sensations I was thrusting upon her.

"Mmm...mmmm..." She moaned out.

Next to me I felt the twin sit down. She sat up on her knees and ran her fingers through my hair; lovingly showing me affection as I played with her redheaded friend's ass. I knew I was causing all sorts of reactions from Amber, but I was much too preoccupied with finally getting my hands and mouth on her ass that I didn't even bother to figure out if said reactions were good or bad.

In the middle of playing with her luscious rear I felt a hand on the bulge in my pants. My cock had been rapidly growing since I had begun playing with Amber. I hadn't even really noticed how much it had grown, to be honest, until I was forced to do so upon realizing that my beautiful blonde slut next to me was beginning to massage my cock through my pants.

I moaned into Amber's ass as the twin next to me gave me an over-the-pants handy.

"Fuuuuuuuck..." I breathed - right into Amber's backside.

I felt the redheaded teen shiver for a moment. My moaning into her had apparently caused some sort of pleasurable vibration, and for the first time I could tell she was beginning to surrender herself to the moment. This excited me. I now had confirmation that Amber was every bit as corruptible as all the other girls on the cheerleading team. Now the only obstacle keeping me from making her mine was my own lust for her, and whether or not I could hold it in check long enough to reap the rewards of having my very own butt-slut.
