 All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older. 

***** 

"Hi, Mario?" I said into the phone. 

"Dr. Geoffries!" Mario said on the other end. "Haven't heard from you in a while. I was starting to think I'd lost my best customer!" 

"No way." I said. "I've just been eating at home a lot, that's all. But anyway, I need to order a couple of mediums." 

"A couple?" Mario asked. "Got one of your lady friends with you, eh?" 

"Something like that." I replied. 

Skaycee was sitting at the kitchen table going to work on some activity books. When I'd asked her what she wanted to eat she had responded with "pizza" enthusiastically. The twins ate pizza as much as the next person, but Skaycee had requested pineapple as a topping; something I knew the twins despised. I was not particularly fond of pineapple as a topping myself, and that's why I was ordering two separate pizzas. 

"What'll you have, boss?" Mario asked. 

"One Hawaiian and one...meatlovers." I said, glancing over at Skaycee. Her ears hadn't even twitched when I had spoken my order. 

"Alright one Hawaiian and one meatlovers; you got it." 

"Actually..." I said. "Throw some extra bacon on there." 

"Extra pig. Will do. Jimmy will have it there in less than twenty. Don't be a stranger, doc." 

"Thanks, Mario. You're the best." I said just before I hung up the phone. 

I walked over to Skaycee and sat down next to her. She barely even batted an eye. 

"Okay, the pizza's on its way. I got you your pineapple like you wanted." I said. 

[u] "Thank you, Daddy!" she said, flashing me a quick smile before going back to leaning over her books. 

"And I ordered a meatlovers for me - with extra bacon." 

[u] "Okay." Skaycee said. 

"You're okay with Daddy ordering that?" I asked. 

[u] "Of course, Daddy." 

My face was casual, but inside I could feel a smile forming. Spending time with Skaycee made me feel strange in the loveliest of ways; in many ways I felt like I was a teenager discovering myself for the very first time all over again. There were things I could say and do with Skaycee that I simply couldn't do with the twins. Yes, I could virtually do anything when it came to the twins...but there were things I chose not to do for the sake of keeping their minds and hearts at peace. I love the twins, and I never want them to feel discomfort of any form. 

When Skaycee was around I also had the added benefit of seeing the twins' amazing synchronization technique; a technique they had recently mastered completely. It was stronger and more precise than I had ever seen it, and this made Skaycee all the more perfect. 

But there were drawbacks as well. Synchronization excited me instantly, and I still had no intention of breaking the twins' one rule of having no sex while they were synchronized...but that didn't change the fact that I wanted to make synchronization my own; the same way I had reclaimed the twins' rooms for myself. I wanted nothing more than to fuck their synchronized selves and let them know that they were mine. That everything they were, and everything they had (including synchronization), belonged to me and me alone. 

Skaycee was the living embodiment of that, but under the current circumstances I found myself wrestling with an unseen moral line. In a way there was a certain balance about it all. The anger I felt for not being able to claim synchronization for myself was quickly soothed by Skaycee's innocent and naïve nature. Her naiveté not only kept me at bay, but there were times it actually frightened me. There were times when Skaycee would say or do something I didn't know how to respond to; particularly times when she was upset. 

[u] "Daddy?" Skaycee said, interrupting my thoughts. 

"Hm?" I said, snapping out of my thought process. "What is it sweetie?" 

[u] "Daddy..." Skaycee repeated as she leaned down over the table and turned her head up at me. She twisted around childishly and smiled up at me cutely. "Can I have a cell phone?" 

"A cell phone?" I asked. "What do you need a cell phone for?" 

"To play games and stuff!" 

"I uhh...I don't know. You'd have to ask your mother about that." 

"Which one?" she asked. 

"Both of them." I responded. 

Skaycee huffed, and I was immediately reminded of Stephanie. She then curled her bottom lip and frowned at me. It was difficult for me to not feel heartbroken. 

"But Daddy...don't you love me?" she asked. 

"Of course I do." I said. "That's just something I need to discuss with your mothers." 

I saw her eyes begin to water, and I could hear the makings of sound emanating from her throat. I knew that she was about to cry, and soon enough my guess was confirmed to be right. She started to sob uncontrollably. Tears were flowing down her cheeks and I could hear her feet stomping the floor as she threw her tantrum. 

Skayce was sniffling as she cried. 

*sob* *sob* *sob* 

"Don't cry!" I panicked, my mind racing to come up with a solution. "Don't cry! Uh...umm..." 

*SOB* *SOB* *SOB* 

My hands roamed over my clothing looking for something I could use to pacify her, and a moment later I had my cell phone in my hand and was putting it down on the table. 

"Here, sweetie. You can use mine." 

She looked down at the phone at then looked up at me; all the while crying like it was the end of the world. 

"B-but it's...it's...not...MINE!" 

She began crying even louder now, and after realizing I wasn't going to be able to diffuse the situation I panicked and shouted out the first thing that came to mind. 

"One become three!" 

Skaycee shook her head, and after her hair fell in place she looked up at me slowly. But when she did I saw that it wasn't Skaycee I was looking at - it was the twins. 

"Hi, Daddy!" they said, as they both brought their hands up by their heads and wiggled their fingers at me. 

"Hi, girls." I said. 

The twins then gradually realized their faces were wet, and I watched as they tentatively reached to their own individual faces and felt the tears on their cheeks. 

"Was...was Skaycee crying?" they asked. 

"Yeah..." I said. "She asked about getting a cell phone, and I told her that we'd have to talk about it." 

"The answer's no." one of them said. "She's too young for a phone, and she doesn't have anyone to call anyway." 

"Yeah...that's...that's what I was thinking, too." 

After making more idle conversation with the twins it felt like no time at all had passed when we all three heard the doorbell ring, and before I could announce that I was going to get it the twins jumped up excitedly. 

"We'll get it, Daddy!" they said. 

They hurriedly began making their way over to the living room, and I followed after them at my own pace. When I got to the front door they were conversing with the pizza guy with some confusion in their tones. 

"You...you and Skaycee ordered pizza?" they asked as they turned to me. 

"Yeah." I said, pulling out my wallet as I stepped to the door. "Hey, Jimmy." 

Jimmy was busy staring at the twins. They were wearing one of the more popular outfits in their wardrobe: skin-tight athletic shorts and short-cut tees. Their midriffs were bare. 

"Hey...doctor G..." he said, his gaze only leaving the twins once I stepped in front of them and they stepped back. He was so taken by the twins that he hadn't even bothered to tell me how much the pizzas were. 

I pulled out my wallet and handed him thirty dollars. 

"Here son," I said as I handed him the bills. "Take the change as tip money. And tell your Dad I said to make sure that it stays with you and doesn't go in the cash register." 

"Sure, thing Doc!" he said, stealing one last glance at the twins from over my shoulder before he turned to walk away. 

"Jimmy!" I said, stopping him in his tracks. "One more thing." 

"Yeah?" he asked, turning back to me. 

"You might be under the impression that there are two very beautiful young ladies in my home. Two blonde girls with big tits who even share somewhat of a resemblance to each other?" 

Jimmy looked at me absentmindedly. 

"Um...it's none of my business, Dr. Geoffries." He said. 

"It's okay, Jimmy." I said. "They're beautiful aren't they?" 

Jimmy's face now turned red. 

"I...umm...yeah I guess they are..." he said. 

"Girls, come over here and say hi to Jimmy." 

I stepped aside and the twins stepped a few feet from the door. They both waved at Jimmy as they spoke. 

"Hi, Jimmy!" they said, flirtatiously. 

I could see Jimmy grow even more flustered, and although I wasn't looking I could tell that he was getting a boner. 

"Turn around and bend over." I said. 

"Yes, Daddy!" the twins answered. They then did as I told them, and once bent over I glanced over at Jimmy to see his facial expression change to one of awe. 

"Okay, girls. That's enough. Go wait for me in the dining room." I ordered. 

"Okay, Daddy!" the twins said as they both ran up to me and kissed me on both my cheeks. I made sure to keep my eyes on Jimmy to gauge his reaction as they did so. When the girls finished kissing me they brushed past me to go into the dining area like I had commanded them to do, but I stopped them short. "Girls, aren't you gonna say goodbye to Jimmy?" 

At this the twins turned on their heels and waved to Jimmy with smiles on their faces. 

"Byeeeee, Jimmy!" they said. 

As an added bonus they made sure to wiggle their asses as they left, and as I stepped back in front of the door Jimmy was all but breaking his neck staring at them from the outside in. 

"Here, Jimmy." I said as I reached into my wallet and pulled out a one hundred dollar bill. "I need you to forget you ever saw them." 

The young man looked down at the bill and then back up at me to see if I was serious. I could see his face change when he realized that I was, and then he hesitantly accepted the bill. 

"Yeah, sure...whatever you say, Doc!" he said. 

"And Jimmy..." I said, as I handed him another bill. "Should you happen to remember that you saw them here; this is to make sure that you don't speak a word about what you've seen here to anyone...understand?" 

He smiled brightly as he accepted my money. He was clearly happy to have just been witness to the twins, and to be given such a substantial tip was probably just icing on the cake for him. 

"Yeah! I understand perfectly, Dr. Geoffries!" he said. 

"Good." I said. "Because I would hate for your father to lose my business should word get out about these girls being in my home." 

"Right...yeah." He said, concern in his voice now. "But what girls are you talking about, Doctor Geoffries?" 

"Atta boy, Jim!" I said as I patted him on the shoulder. "I'm gonna order another pizza next week, and if all goes well you can expect another tip like this one. Got it?" 

"Yes, sir!" he said. 

"Great." I told him. "Give your father my best." 

"Will do!" he said. 

And with that I took the pizzas from him and shut the door. I made my way to the dining room and saw the twins standing by the table waiting for me. 

"Pizza, Daddy?" one of them said. 

I set the pizzas down on the table and stepped back. 

"You two like pizza, so what's the problem?" I asked. 

They glared at me ominously. 

"You ordered a meatlovers, didn't you?" they asked. 

"I did," I said. "But I think you two sluts are the biggest meatlovers in this room." 

"Hmph." The twins said as they both crossed their arms and looked away. 

"Whose meat do you love?" I asked. 

The girls tried their best to ignore me, but ultimately failed. 

"Yours..." I head one of them say, almost in a whisper. 

"Did you say something?" I said, mockingly. "What did you say?" 

"Yours." They said, more audible this time. 

"My...what?" I asked. 

"Your meat." They responded. 

"What about my meat?" I asked. 

The girls sighed. 

"We love your meat." They said. 

"C'mon, girls. You can do better than that..." I coaxed them. 

"Fine." The girls said, finally looking at me as they exclaimed. "We love your big, hard fucking meat!" 

"That's what Daddy wanted to hear." I said. "Are you Daddy's sluts?" 

"Yes, Daddy..." the twins said, breathing heavy having just exclaimed their praise for my cock so intensely. Their blonde hair was messed up and their eyes were upturned and staring at me while their massive chests rose and fell noticeably from their heavy breathing. 

"Are you Daddy's busty twin fucksluts?" I asked, almost unnecessarily. 

"Yes..." they responded. 

"Yes what?" I asked. "I want to hear you say it." 

The twins did not disappoint. 

"We're your busty twin fucksluts, Daddy!" they exclaimed once more. There was so much arousal filling the room I was amazed I could keep my cool. 

"Good." I said. "Now...come to Daddy." 

Upon hearing this they stepped toward me, and as they approached they looked like models on a runway. Each step they took had purpose; they were going somewhere, and that destination of theirs was me. When they finally reached me after what seemed like an eternity of watching their gorgeous figures they immediately nuzzled up on either side of me at an angle. The front of my masculine body was soon obscured by their identical feminine forms. I felt them each raise a leg up and caress my bulge with their knees as their blonde heads kissed me on both my cheeks. They then proceeded to kiss their way down to my neck where they pressed their lips against me repeatedly; all the while nudging my cock with their smooth, hairless legs and rubbing my chest tentatively with their dainty fingers. 

I reached down to their respective asses and took a handful of them through their shorts. My cock hardened as I held them in my hands and squeezed; causing both twins to kiss more and more wildly as they began to full-on make out with my neck. 

"I really loved showing you two off in front of Jimmy..." I said, half my mind on the words I was saying and the other half on keeping myself from exploding. 

"You like showing us off to other men, Daddy?" they asked as they continued kissing me. 

"Yeah...I fucking love it!" I said. "I've wanted to show you girls off for a long time. I want every man in the world to envy me and wish they were me." 

The girls then worked their way back up to my cheeks and then pulled away. 

"Daddy?" they asked. "Can we take you upstairs and have sex with you?" 

I nodded, but I'm certain the twins already had their answer the moment they felt my cock harden in my pants. In no time at all I found myself in my bedroom; the back of my head hitting a pillow as my two gorgeous teen twins loomed over me. Their faces were all but shielded from my sight as their abundant chests stretched out far from the rest of their bodies. I watched as they slowly and deliberately pulled their shirts over their breasts, necks, and blonde heads. Their massive boobs were exposed to me as they casted their shirts to the floor; discarding them as quickly as if they were on fire. 

Reaching up, I took hold of a breast from both girls. I squeezed their flesh with exploration gushing out from my fingertips, and as soon as my fingers had made their womanly flesh my own personal possessions my cock began to harden in my pants even more. 

"Fuck...I love your big tits, girls..." I said. 

The twins giggled as I praised their feminine assets. They then reached down to my shirt and started to lift it up over my head. 

"Thank you, Daddy!" the twins said as they both reached down to my chest and started to rub me in a very sensual manner. 

Not long after taking off my pants I felt their soft fingers dig underneath the waistband of my underwear, and as they tugged downward and slid my briefs off my cock sprang free and bobbed in the air for a moment before pointing to the ceiling stoically; like a pillar protruding from my body. The twins gasped as they looked upon it before finally breaking out of their trance-like states and reaching for my cock simultaneously. 

I took in a deep breath as I felt two dainty hands grip my shaft and lightly stroke me. Their hands glided up and down my column smoothly and sensually. The two busty sisters gazed at it intently for several moments before finally looking at me as if looking for confirmation that they were doing well. I let them know that they were with a verbal gesture. 

"That feel so, so good, ladies..." I said as my cock throbbed in their hands. 

The twins smiled at me, and then one of them leaned down and began flicking her tongue over my throbbing cockhead. The other twin sister slid her body up my own; dragging her enormous tits on me the entire trip up. I soon felt her chest grazing over mine, and before I knew what was happening her mega-sized melons were in my face and I was licking and kissing and sucking at as much of her soft titflesh as I could possibly lick and kiss and suck. My mouth roamed over her ample jugs lustfully; leaving her prized assets slick and shiny with my saliva. Whenever I found one of her hard nipples protruding into my hungry mouth I made sure to spend a little extra time on it; flicking my tongue across it just as the girl below me was doing with my cock. 

That didn't last long, however, as she finally took to sucking on my dick properly. I felt the warmth of her mouth and her hot breath envelop my unit, and I shivered as I then felt the amazing and seductive suction of her lips around my pole. My cock throbbed inside her willing mouth, and I felt a glob of precum ooze out from my tip which then coaxed a very wanting moan from the twin that was blowing me. 

"Mmmm..." she moaned out. 

Above me my girl squeezed her small hands between the back of my head and my pillow. She lifted my head up and held me to her busty and heavenly bosom. She shook her giant tits from side to side; smacking me in the face with them as I continued to leave my saliva all over her gorgeous rack and making it shine with a very attractive luster. I bucked my hips up and down almost involuntarily due to the sheer amount of excitement that was surging through my body. I could feel pure lust coursing through my veins, and at this point I think my actions were less of the deliberate kind and more of the instinctive nature. 

My bucking caused the twin with her face buried in my crotch to gag and gargle as I repeatedly thrusted my shaft into her pretty mouth. 

"Glurrg! Glurrg! Glurrg!" she gagged. 

I reached up to the girl above me and my hands found her beautiful 34GGG tits. I squeezed them with horny abandon and allowed the sensation of touching those gorgeous breasts become my whole world temporarily. When I had had my fill of squeezing her monstrous funbags I pushed her back slightly. She took the hint and settled back on her knees as she looked down at me with her big, wanting brown eyes. I could see an unasked question occupying those same eyes: 

"Yes, Daddy?" 

I shoved my cock into her sister's mouth over and over again for several more minutes before I finally answered her verbally absent question. 

"Daddy's cock needs pussy." I said. 

Upon hearing this my girl's face lit up and she excitedly slid back down my body. I couldn't tell exactly, but I was fairly certain that in her haste to impale herself on my rigid cock her ass had actually made contact with her sister's face; whether this was deliberate on her part I was not certain of. It made no difference, however; the twins were so in tune with each other that circumstantial occurrences such as those were so miniscule they were not even on either girl's radar. The twins have an uncanny way of letting things like jealousy or competition truly slide. There are times when I think that it might be sexy to have the twins compete over me, but often times my logical reasoning and better overall judgement sleights that temptation for me. 
