 (All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older.)

*

"Listen up, Sluts!" the twins said. "Welcome to Fuck Club. The first rule of Fuck Club is -- 'what Daddy says goes.' The second rule of Fuck Club is -- 'what Daddy says goes!'"

Both twins were dressed in the same schoolgirl uniform Britney Spears had worn in that one music video: dark skirts with a tied white button up and a gray sweater over it. Their shirts were tied up underneath their bras and their monumental cleavage was more than visible -- it was downright magnetic to the eyes. They even had their hair in the same style of pigtails, and I have to admit I thought that was the sexiest thing about their whole look.

In front of us standing side-by-side were their three friends: Gabi, Tiffany, and Amber. Like the twins they, too, were wearing the exact same schoolgirl uniforms -- minus the gray sweaters.

Despite the fact that I'd never really met these three girls I kind of felt that I knew them in some way. You see the twins had given me complete access to all their social media accounts, and not only did I keep tabs of what they did on and offline by utilizing said accounts I also used that access to keep up with these three girls in particular. While it was true that the twins and I were friends and followers or what have you on various social media sites, it was also true that I could not have that type of online relationship with any of these three girls. I only got away with it with the twins because I was a friend of their family, and the fact that I'd recently taken over their medical needs as a doctor. There was no way I could get away with having such a relationship with three girls I had no association with.

But seeing them standing in front of me and the twins in those sexy schoolgirl uniforms, well...I hoped to get more associated with the three of them as soon as fucking possible.

On the far left stood Gabi -- a very short and petite brunette not taller than five feet. Her brown hair hung well down her buttocks, and I imagined myself with her in a sexually charged embrace; feeling like a hulk of a man compared to her. I could also tell how limber she was compared to the other girls in the room simply by looking at her; she had the body of a seasoned gymnast. Images of the various sexual positions I could put her in flooded my mind every single time I looked at her; many of them based around how tiny she was. Being with her would undoubtedly make me feel huge and powerful. With her I felt like I could actually live up to the larger-than-life figure the twins viewed me as, and perhaps maybe the way these other three girls viewed me as well.

In the middle of the un-fucked trio stood Tiffany -- a busty blonde with hair a somewhat darker shade than the twins and a very curious nature about her. While the twins sported a "beach blonde" look about them Tiffany had more of a "dumb blonde" look. Her blonde hair and blue eyes were immediately noticeable...as was her 34FF rack. She had this demeanor that said she prided herself on her looks; no doubt spending hours trying to attain a specific one. She was soft and toned in all the right places. This, along with her overall behavior, confirmed that she based a lot of her self-worth on the way that she looked. She also seemed to be of the more curious sort; her eyes instantly drew your attention, and they hid a surprisingly higher amount of excitement than any of the other three girls. Out of the entire lot it looked like she was the one that wanted to be here the most.

The final girl in the lineup was Amber -- an equally busty redhead with green eyes and (to date) one of the most amazing posteriors I've ever seen in the entirety of my life. I'd always been more attracted to women with big breasts, but on occasion a woman would come along with a feature such as a radiant smile or great legs which made me break away from my pattern of breast-worship. Amber far exceeded any of those women with that amazing ass of hers. I'd first noticed how prominent it was seeing her swim around my pool in her bikini. At the time I'd been too focused on my own agenda to truly pay her the attention she deserved, but now I was completely free to ogle and drool over her gorgeous body the same as I'd been doing with the two girls standing beside her.

And, of course, I also had the Juggs Sisters to eye-hump.

"Third rule!" the twins continued. "If you yell 'stop,' go limp, or tap out...the fucking will continue. Fourth rule -- only Daddy will fuck you. Fifth rule! Daddy can fuck you anytime. Sixth rule -- no condoms, no pregnancies. Seventh rule! Fucking will go on as long as it has to! And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at Fuck Club...you have to get fucked by Daddy."

I watched as three pairs of eyes grew wide, but to my surprise this was only temporary. Gabi, Tiffany, and Amber all seemed to be relatively unencumbered by what the twins were saying. If I'm being honest I actually hadn't thought any of them would be onboard with these ridiculous rules the twins and I had established, but judging by their reactions (or lack thereof) it seemed as though I had planned something I hadn't truly prepared for. I was not used to being unprepared.

"How was that, Daddy?" I heard the twins say as they turned to me. Their abrupt turning motion had caused their skirts to rise and twirl as they smiled down at me; for a brief moment their thongs were visible.

"That was great, girls." I said. "Brad Pitt couldn't have executed it better himself."

"Thank you, Daddy!" they said just before leaning down and kissing me on both my cheeks. Once they had pulled back and stood upright again they each held a hand to their chests and twisted from side to side playfully as I'd seen them do a number of times before. They looked down at me with thoughts of sex dripping from their gaze. "Do you want us to be actresses, Daddy? Do you want us to be your sexy twin porn actresses again?"

I smiled at the sisterly pair of blondes lustfully staring down at me.

"Yes, I do." I said. "But right now Daddy needs you to let him question the new talent, and get to know them a little better."

"Yes, Daddy..." the girls responded; bowing their heads in submission as I stood up and walked over to Amber.

"So you're Amber?" I asked, looking down at her wide eyes as she looked back up at me.

"Yes..." she said.

I nodded my head and took a step to the side so I was standing in front of Tiffany.

"And you're Tiffany?" I asked.

The busty blonde nodded her head as she stared up at me with her blue eyes.

"Yes." She said.

I nodded my head once more before moving over to Gabi.

"And you are...Gabi?" I asked.

Shyly, the short brunette nodded her head. Her gaze was mostly focused on various points on the floor, and right away I knew she was trying not to look directly at me. Even so...there were moments when I caught her trying to steal a glance at me. I took the hint for the time being and stepped back away from her so that I was standing next to the twins in front of all three girls.

"I take it the twins have told you girls all about me?" I said to all three of them.

All three nodded their heads.

"Yes, Dr. Geoffries..." Tiffany said.

"Tiff, that's 'Daddy' from now on." One of the twins said. "Do not make us repeat that."

"Girls...calm down." I said, intervening. "No one here has to do anything that they don't want to do, and I'm certainly not going to make them."

"But Daddy...!" the twins said.

"It's okay, Dr. Geoffries..." Tiffany said, interrupting them. "I mean...Daddy. Meow!"

I was a little thrown by the fact that she had just meowed. I don't know if it was the sexual arousal filling the room or the excitement I was feeling from the prospect of having sex with these girls, but for whatever reason I don't exactly know why I said what I said next.

"Woof!"

Tiffany's eyes went wide in surprise and she actually flinched a little like my words had flown passed her face. But then her surprised look turned to one of delight and she blushed as she brought her hand to her mouth and tried to hide her face behind it in shyness. She began to hum, and I immediately thought of a cat purring.

"It's okay with me, too, Daddy!" Amber said, interrupting my thoughts.

"I guess if it's alright with you guys then it's alright with me." I said, turning to Gabi. "Gabi?"

The short brunette had been standing perfectly still while staring down at the floor, but upon hearing her name she gave a startled motion and looked at me for the briefest of moments while giving me a short nod. I couldn't help but notice how much bounce her 32DDD tits had as she moved. She then turned her head away in shyness. I couldn't blame her for being shy. In fact, I thought it rather unusual that Tiffany and Amber weren't more shy themselves given the nature of their presence in my home and the ridiculously slutty uniforms they were wearing. I wanted to fuck all three of them before the day was over, but it didn't look like I'd be fucking Gabi at all.

"Daddy..." the twins said. "Tiffany, Amber, and Gabi...well, how do we put this? They've never really had father figures in their lives."

I looked at the three girls now.

"Really? Is that true?"

They all nodded.

"Yes, Daddy!" the twins continued. "It's true. That's why, for them, this is more than just about sex. Just like it is for us. Tell him, girls."

"They're right." Amber said. "My dad ran out on us when I was little, and my mom has tried to be with other men but for some reason she keeps choosing bad ones. They are all either idiots or douchebags, and they never last long. I've never really gotten to...call anyone Daddy before."

She had paused in the middle of that last sentence as though her words had meant something she couldn't find a way to express. I didn't have time to ponder very long, though, because Tiffany swiftly took initiative and spoke up next.

"Me too!" she said, excited to be talking. I couldn't tell exactly what was making her excited, but I had a feeling it was either just her natural state of being or the fact that she was talking to me in particular. "My dad went to prison when I was a baby, and my mom wants nothing to do with him. She says he's a mean man and doesn't ever want me to see him. I've heard about the things he's done and he really does sound mean. But you seem like a nice guy, Dr. Geoffries! That's why I am totally okay with calling you my Daddy!"

"That's...horrible." I said to Tiffany and Amber. "I'm sorry to hear that girls. You seem like such nice girls and neither one of you deserves that."

"I think..." Amber began. "...that both of us think we deserve you. The twins have told us a lot about you, and we really want to experience that. We want what they have...Daddy. Right, Tiff?"

Tiffany nodded.

"I agree with everything she just said, Daddy! Meow!" she chimed, giddily.

"Well, you two certainly seem like a chipper and eager couple of girls." I said, a bit of playfulness in my tone. "Especially you, Tiffany."

Hearing this, Tiffany blushed again. Both she and Amber had wanton looks on their faces.

I smiled and turned my attention to Gabi.

"Gabi, what about you? You've been awfully quiet. It's okay to be shy; this is all pretty awkward for me, too. But that's why I'm trying to get to know you girls a little better -- in the hopes that we can do away with some of that uninviting edge."

Gabi's face turned redder than I'd ever seen it. She was struggling to suppress a shy smile and clearly trying to avoid the awkwardness of being put on the spot.

"I...uh...I um..." she stammered.

"Damn it, Gabi!" One of the twins said in an outburst. "You little fucking bitch! We went over this and you said you could handle it! Now do as Daddy says and answer him!"

"Girls, that's enough." I said. "Don't talk to her that way. I've already stated that I won't make anyone here do or say anything they don't want to. Gabi is well within her rights to do as she pleases."

"But Dadd-"

"No buts. I mean it, girls."

"I...I...I WANT TO!" Gabi said, loudly. Everyone else turned to look at her in confusion and surprise. She looked extremely vulnerable in her schoolgirl uniform with her eyes shut tight. She was shivering from the powerful emotions she was experiencing; chief among them were most likely embarrassment and self-consciousness. Hearing her shout out like that was like watching the beginning of an egg hatching as the creature inside broke out of its shell.

"You want to...what?" I asked, eager to hear her answer.

"I...I want...that. What Tiffany and Amber said. I want what they have." She gestured to the twins. "I want you D-Daddy..."

"It's okay." I said, trying to comfort her. "You don't have to call me that if you don't want to."

"But I do want to!" she said. "I do want to Daddy!"

Seeing her actions and hearing her words made me realize that she had come the farthest in terms of progress with this whole thing, and in the shortest amount of time possible. I was beginning to see a side of her that I think even her friends rarely saw, and I felt privileged. I think it's safe to say that Gabi was the first of the trio I began to feel for the same way that I felt for the twins.

"Okay." I said. "I believe you. You seem like a good girl. I can tell that coming here was something of a challenge for you. But make no mistake -- I am glad you came."

"Daddy..." the twins said. "You have no idea. You've actually dated Gabi's mom."

At this my eyes grew wide. My mind raced through images of woman after woman like I was flipping through pics in a slideshow. All of a sudden the reason why Gabi looked and seem familiar made a lot more sense.

"Is...is that true, Gabi?"

Gabi was still shivering, only now I could hear her sniffling as well.

"Ye...yes..." she stuttered.

"Tell him, Gabi..." the twins urged. "This is why you came, isn't it? Well now he's here! In the flesh! Standing right in front of you! Just tell him..."

I looked at Gabi. She was still for a moment while she listened to the twins. But she started shivering again as she spoke.

"It was five years ago. You...you...and my mom went out...once." She said. "She brought you to our house late at night. You talked on the couch for a little while. You guys were drinking wine. And I...I heard her...I heard you..."

I was on the edge of my seat. Nothing she said sounded particularly memorable, but I was curious to find out who her mother was.

"You...heard what?" I asked.

"She...she asked...you. If you ever wanted to...you know...have children. And then she told you that she had a 13 yr old daughter..."

This was starting to sound vaguely familiar now.

Gabi continued.

"You told her that...that...if you ever had a child...that you would...you would..."

"Love her with all my heart." I said, having finally remembered that evening I had spent with her mother. "Your mother...her name is Eva?"

She nodded, and as I stepped closer to her I could see a few tears flowing down her cheeks. It broke my heart that she was feeling so bad.

"Gabi...I..." I started, trying to find the right words. "Your mother was a nice woman. Probably still is. We were drinking that night, and when people drink we often say or do things that we don't normally say or do."

"I...I know that..." Gabi said.

"I'm sorry that I never got back in touch with your mother. The truth is...I never had any intention of ever getting back in touch with her. And I could be wrong, but I think your mother felt the same way."

"Not after you two had sex." Gabi said.

This surprised everyone in the room. It seemed very forward of Gabi to say something like that, but again I reiterate just how much progress she can make in such a short amount of time in terms of coping with things like embarrassment. Besides, given the probability that this would all end in sex it seemed a little silly to be taken aback by such a comment.

"How...how do you know-"

"I heard you. I heard you both. Mom was screaming really loud. She didn't know I was home."

"Hey...that's right!" I said. "Earlier that evening your mother told me you were staying the night at a friend's. You weren't supposed to be home that night!"

Gabi blushed again. When she didn't answer I noticed that she kept glancing over at the twins. All of a sudden it hit me.

"Girls?" I said in a stern and elongated tone. "Do you know something about this?"

The twins now blushed as well.

"What...what do you mean, Daddy?" they asked, playing with their pigtails as they fidgeted around.

"Tell me the truth, girls." I commanded.

"Yes, Daddy we know something about this." they said.

"Gabi," I said. "Were you staying at the twins' house that night?"

Gabi didn't speak, but instead nodded.

"This makes more sense, now." I said, crossing my arms. "Girls, I can't believe you forced Gabi to do that! I can't believe you even forced her to come here today!"

"They're not the reason I came!" Gabi shouted, halting my speech immediately.

After hearing her outburst everyone turned to look at her; including Tiffany and Amber. Nobody said a word. The silence was so loud it was almost painful to the ears. It was me who finally broke the silence.

"Can I ask..." I said. "Why did you come?"

Upon hearing this Gabi looked me directly in her face. Her shivering had lessened. I could still see her shyness and uneasiness hiding behind her glance, but there was something there that overshadowed everything else now: determination. She was clearly determined to say what she was about to say next.

"Was it true?" she asked.

Her resolve to find an answer to this question was all but overwhelming.

"Was what true?" I responded.

"What you said to my mom...about giving your child all your love?"

She now had a pleading look in her eyes, as if she was begging me to give her the answer she wanted so badly to be the correct one.

"I...uh...I don't know." I said. "To be honest I've never really thought about having children. But if you must have an answer...then I guess I would have to say yes. Yes, it's true. I can't imagine myself having children and not loving them. And when I decide on something I make sure it's the best and right decision. So I guess I would love them as much as I was possibly able."

My answer caused Gabi to start sobbing, momentarily. The other girls did not scold or tease her. This lasted only a moment as Gabi spoke without fully gathering her bearings.

"Then...then...if I called you...D-D-Da..." she stammered.

I answered her before she finished asking the question I knew she was about to ask.

"I would give all the love I am fully capable of giving you." I said. "And that goes for everyone in this room. As well as Skaycee."

We could all hear Gabi's sobbing take on a different tone as her tears changed into tears of joy and relief. I walked over to her and tentatively reached up to her cheek where I caught one of her tears and wiped it away.

"D-Daddy?" she said, looking up at me with hope in her eyes.

"Don't worry." I said, feeling how soft her face felt under my fingers. "I will never hurt you. I'll never force you to do anything you are uncomfortable with. I will do whatever it is you need me to do; even talk to your mother...just say the word."

"NO!" she said, and in a moment of shock for everyone in the room she threw her arms around me and pressed her face against my chest. "Please don't!"

Taken aback as I held my arms out behind her I gradually brought my hands to her and held her to me. She was so short I could completely see the top of her brown head as I looked down at her below me.

"Wha-" I said, confused.

"Please..." she said. "Don't do that! I don't care about that! I just...I just...want..."
