 While he waited in the living room area of Rebecca's suite, Brad had elected to arrange some company to keep him amused. So he had a particularly busty Swedish girl polishing his cock with her lips as he considered the afternoon's plans.

"Quite an interesting concept, this 'Special Invitation' package", he mused. It was one of the more unusual options available to guests visiting Arcadia as a group. The staff, using a special questionnaire completed by each guest before their arrival, could gauge the likelihood that one visitor might be willing to pair off with another visitor for a secret little liaison.... And, if one guest cared to try their luck, by ordering the 'Special Invitation' the wheels were set in motion.

When Brad's colleague Rebecca returned to her room, a special go-between member of staff would intercept her in the hallway outside and, in the most delicate manner, inform Rebecca that Brad had been allowed to wait for her in the living room area of her suite. If she gave the green light to the idea of hooking up, or wished to at least discuss going ahead with it, then in she would go...

...If not... No big deal, Brad would get sent back to his room to get a consolation blowjob by one of the several dozen other high-class fuck buddies that the hotel could arrange. And hell, he thought to himself, he still had several fantasies that he wanted to play out. He still had a mind to track down that tall drink of water, Mimi, and have another go-around with her. 

"That girl had an award-winning rack" he murmured, glancing down. "And there's another award-winning rack!"

Her full lips locked around his thick cock, Inga could only mumble and flash ice-blue eyes approvingly at him. 

Brad could only assume Inga must have been some kind of ex-lingerie model or seriously high-class escort even in her native Sweden. She was smoking hot even by Scandinavian standards, and Brad could speak with some authority on that, as his wife was of busty Danish stock. 

He'd ordered her sight unseen along with his 'Special Invitation' package, to kill some time while he waited for Rebecca. Having asked for someone 'tall, submissive and with big tits' he'd been pleasantly surprised when the Island staff sent Inga along. She had been dressed in a slightly prim skirt suit that was just a tad too tight, and did nothing to conceal a pair of tits big enough that entered they room first. Overall, he considered, she had that classic Scandinavian beach babe look (that was what he classed this type of chick in his head as, at least). 

A little over six foot... Long, braided golden hair, pale blue eyes, great bone structure, full lips... And most importantly, a body built for banging. Long legs tapered to a full, heart-shaped ass. Not to mention a flat stomach and a pair of tits that, by rights, were too big and firm to not be fake. They were too big, much too big, for Brad to get a proper grip of, and yet he could tell from the way they felt that they were all natural. They had that pleasant yielding quality, and he'd spent a few minutes mauling them having peeled her out of her clothes.

Upon getting into Rebecca's room, Brad had wasted little time on small talk. Once a quick introduction was out of the way, he'd got right to the point.

'Honey, I think you'd better give me a blowjob now, in case I'm too excited when Rebecca comes back and I ... Hell, I dunno, in case I blow in her ass too quick when I nail her. I'll feel more confident if you've taken the edge off me first.' 

Brad was nothing if not confidant, and couldn't conceive of a possible world where Rebecca wouldn't give him the chance to put his cock in that perfect ass of hers. He'd been intending to get around to it for a while now.

After getting her down to flimsy thong and bra that were startlingly white against her golden skin, he'd pushed her down to her knees in front of his chair, grabbing a handful of blonde hair and guiding his cock out of his pants and into her mouth. He thought she'd been trying to tell him where she was from in Sweden... But, frankly, Brad tended not to really give a damn where the girls sucking him came from, only that they did a good job, and didn't mind either swallowing or taking his load on their tits or something. Now she was quiet, milking his penis with her mouth and throat, her rack pressing warmly against his thighs. 

"God damn, I love chicks like you."

Although Inga was the type of statuesque, jaw-dropping beauty who should have been comfortable breezing around reducing men to gibbering messes, he'd quickly realized that the Island staff had indeed picked him a submissive like he'd asked for.

Crazy hot or not, she was a born cock-sucker and he'd got a good idea that her bikini-waxed box was getting pretty wet from being ordered around. 

Brad closed his eyes, leaning back and considering what was coming up soon enough.

Rebecca probably wasn't even as hot as Inga (Or Mimi, for that matter) in most respects. She wasn't a world-class beauty as such... In fact, he'd probably nailed several hotter bitches over the years, including his own wife. But there was nothing quite like a bit of forbidden fruit, and Rebecca certainly fulfilled that category, being that she was supposed to be one of his colleagues at the top tier of the company.

But hell, she had an ass that just would not quit. He figured that while she was probably merely drop-dead gorgeous in the overall beauty stakes, rather than ridiculously super-hot like some of the Arcardia staff, she certainly had one world-cass asset: Her rear end.

"I'm going to bend that bitch over and feed my cock up her ass. Then I'm going to grab that pony tail, wrap it around my fist and show that bitch who's in charge..." He mumbled to himself as Inga continued giving him a particularly wet and satisfying blowjob. She made little sounds of pleasure as her lips slid over his cock head and down the veined side of his penis. 

Brad, absorbed in his blowjob, hadn't heard the door open, or Rebecca's footsteps as she padded up to them barefoot.

She'd just returned from a refreshing dip in one of the resort's many swimming pools, and water still beaded her toned and tanned body. Her hair was still wet, swept back and cascading down her back. Brad, finally realizing they were no longer alone, sat up with a slight start, his eyes widening as he took in the form-fitting black string bikini she wore. It was cut to an absolute minimum and emphasized her tight body. Despite being slim, with a hint of a six-pack, Rebecca still managed to maintain a middling-sized pair of tits, which a few lucky boyfriends had discovered were still enough to manage an oily titfuck with. 

Grinning at his lascivious inspection, Rebecca twirled suddenly, giving Brad a glimpse of that legendary ass.

"Damn, 'becka, you have the best behind in the business."

She shrugged.

"Is that what this invite is about, Brad? You think you can convince me to break off a piece of this for you?" Rebecca tilted her hips sexily and tapped her ass with one long-nailed finger. 

As she did so, Inga raised her head momentarily from Brad's cock, and turned her head to glance over with a slightly challenging look in her eyes. As though querying why Brad would want an 'amateur' when she, Inga, was on hand.

Brad grimaced in displeasure as his cock flopped out of her mouth, and was about to speak when Rebecca stepped closer and got there first.

"What's the matter, honey? You tired of sucking his dick?" She had her hands on her hips and a glint in her eye that Brad had never seen before.

Inga's eyes went wide and her lips curved downwards slightly. "No, mistress, I just..." She shrugged and looked down. "...I wasn't... I mean..."

Rebecca raised her eyebrows at her, and then glanced at Brad.

"Brad, I thought you liked to keep on top of your girls. This one is a little sassy." She stepped closer, bending over and running a finger over Inga's lips.

Straightening up, Rebecca looked over the blonde in a considering manner. Brad leaned back in his seat and smiled to himself, waiting to see how this panned out. He had no idea where this was going, and if it was going to end with him banging Rebecca, but either way he liked how it was shaping up - it was going to be interesting no matter what! He liked this side of his colleague.

"She's a tight piece of ass, Brad, no doubt." Rebecca nodded. "Great rack, obviously knows her way around a cock. Yeah, I think she'll do. And she might benefit from a bit of a lesson in manners..."

Brad raised his eyebrows. "Do for... What, exactly?"

Rebecca smiled.

"Well, hon, I want you to bend this slut over that chair you're sitting on, and I want you to put that big cock in her ass. I'm going to watch you bang her asshole until she can't sit down for a week, and squirt your load on her when you're done. If you do it real nice, then maybe I'll give you a shot at me.... How does that sound?"

Brad cracked his knuckles and then clamped a hand around the back of Inga's neck, squeezing gently. He could feel her pulse racing under his hand.

"Sounds pretty hot...."




(Come back for more in part 4, when Rebecca teaches Brad how to get the most out of the hired help...)