 I stood in my open apartment/office hybrid, overlooking the bustling street outside through the rain streaking the window pane. My apartment wasn't quite downtown, but there were still plenty of morning commuters and go-getters out. 

It was a typical Tuesday. Dreary, but that was to be expected in Seattle. And likely rather calm. I had some computer work to get done, but not another shoot for two days. Then my schedule was jam-packed, so I was more than content to spend a few minutes lolly-gagging and appreciating the power I had over the rest of the workers. I could sleep in late. I could work in pajamas, or nothing at all. They couldn't.

I raised my coffee cup to my lips and took a sip. Far too watery. That wasn't a great omen. Oh well. I wasn't too discouraged, although the plastic cup was deposited in the trash, a waste of two dollars.

Two quick alerts ringed out in quick succession on my phone, breaking the still of the room. I was the only one living in the apartment, since my roommate had decided to get married and move out. I didn't need all the space, but I also didn't want a roommate. I could afford the rent well enough, and I enjoyed working in silence, excepting classical music. 

My eyes scrolled to the lit-up phone screen. The notification was for a Facebook message. That was rather odd. My phone was linked to my personal Facebook, and I rarely got messages. Anyone worth talking to had my phone number.

I unlocked my phone and opened the app. I was surprised to find the message had come from Jenny Lorensen. 

Jenny and I had been casual friends in college, but hadn't spoken in the five years since graduation. It brought back a lot of fond memories from a time of less stress and high stakes.

Still, what was she doing sending me a message out of the blue? I opened the conversation and read her message.

Jenny: "Hey, Brad. It's Jenny from UW. I know it's been a long time since we've last spoken, but can you call me as soon as you see this? It's an emergency. Please and thank you."

She sent her phone number in the next message. I clicked on it and called her. 

"Hey, is this Brad?" the voice on the other end of the line said. She had picked up after only one ring. She sounded very frantic.

"Yes, Jenny?"

"Yes, oh my god thank you so much for calling so quickly!"

"No problem. What's up?"

"Well, I'm not sure if you have seen or heard, but I am getting married."

"Oh, congratulations! That's great!" Jenny always was very sweet and prim, so it was no surprise to me that she had already found her dream man. "When's the wedding?"

"Well, that's actually why I called." She paused for a moment, leaving me to ponder what her next words would be. "The wedding is tomorrow evening. Now, everything has been planned out to a T, but we received some horrible news last night."

She took a deep breath, collecting herself.

"Our wedding photographer's girlfriend is going into labor, so he won't be able to do our wedding. On such short notice, no great or even reputable places are available, so we thought we were out of options. Then I remembered that you had gone into photography, and it seems like you have a whole business and everything now. So I know it's a huge favor, but would you by any chance be able to take the photos for our wedding?"

Jenny finally dropped, catching her breath after her hurried speech.

"Well, Jenny, it sounds like you are in quite the predicament. I would be more than happy to help an old friend in need. Shoot me an email with the exact time and address and everything, and I'll be there for you."

"Oh, Brad, you are a legitimate fucking lifesaver. We were ready to hire anybody who owned a smartphone and was willing to do it, but I've seen your Instagram posts, and I know what a great photographer you are, so it's a double bonus. If I'm completely honest, we probably should have come to you to begin with."

I chuckled. "Well thank you. At least you came to the right decision eventually."

"Yes, and thank goodness for that."

"Now I just have a few technical questions for you, if you don't mind."

"Sure, go right ahead."

"Cool. So any particular dress code, or colors you want me to avoid?"

"I'd say semi-formal dress, and no particular colors to avoid." 

This wasn't usually an issue anyway. I was almost always in black, white, or grey for weddings. 

"And then about my rates-"

Jenny cut me off before I could go on. "Oh yes, I checked your website. You're actually cheaper than who we were supposed to use, so it won't be an issue. And the honeymoon suite is automatically booked at the hotel where we're having the reception, but we're not going to need it. If you want to stay there for a night with a... partner, then consider that a token of gratitude for such late notice."

I had a bit of a reputation as a ladies man in college. Apparently Jenny hadn't forgotten. 

"Well, I'm not sure if it will be necessary, but thank you for the courtesy."

"Oh, come on. I'm sure you haven't lost your touch since under-grad. Oh, and an open bar too. When the night's done, feel free to knock yourself out, literally."

Jenny's parents were absolutely loaded, so it didn't surprise me to know she had pulled out all the stops. It was shaping up to actually be a pretty good gig. I wasn't doing anything to begin with, so the extra cash was always a plus.

"You know me a little too well, Jenny."

We both laughed.

"So who's this Don? I don't think I've ever heard about him before?"

Jenny and I chit-chatted for the next little while, getting caught up on her life and fiancee, before she had to cut short our conversation. Last-minute preparations, I suppose. 

I hung up the phone and stared down at my computer. Today was seeming a little bit less gloomy now that I had an awesome job lined up tomorrow. I motivated myself to actually get some work done, awaiting the email from Jenny. 

*********

The wedding was beautiful. It was held in a gorgeous old church, dripping with years of history and whispered prayers. As to be expected, it went off without a hitch. In fact, the rain from early in the morning made the natural light come in through the stained glass windows particularly well, and I got some amazing shots.

The reception was at an extremely swanky hotel a little outside the city. Beautiful, loving speeches were made, and it carried on for much of the night, even after Jenny and Don had departed. 

Finally, many of the guests seemed to be filing out. I gathered up all my heavy gear and put it away in my car, content with the results of the night. 

I was about to head home, but something compelled me to stay a little bit longer. Jenny had said there would be an open bar. I could have just one drink to celebrate the joyous occasion, and then head back. At least it was late enough that most of the traffic would be minimized. 

With a locally brewed IPA in hand, I sat at one of the many empty tables and sipped on the hoppy beer, laced with just a hint of orange flavor. Almost everyone had left, leaving behind just a few stragglers. 

My eyes came to rest on a group of three women. I recognized one as Jenny's younger sister who was acting as the maid of honor. The other two were bridesmaids, one of whom I thought I had gone to college with.

All three were drop-dead gorgeous, with long beach-blonde hair. The one furthest on the left was Jenny's younger sister. She was obviously the youngest, not looking a day over 20. She had a very pretty and nubile face, with an incredibly winsome smile. She seemed like the perfect innocent girl-next-door. 

The one in the middle was around my age. I thought I remembered her name being Bethany or something like that. She was a stereotypical blonde bimbo, with bright red lipstick, blue eyes, and big boobs.

The last one was the oldest, maybe early-30s. Her hair, nails, and makeup were immaculately done, like she put way too much time into her appearance, and she had her arms pressed against her chest to subtly push out her already sizeable breasts. 

I had thought ahead to bring just my camera back inside, and took it out. I pointed at the trio and snapped a few good candid photos as they laughed and chatted. It totally wasn't the gorgeous women that made me take the photos. It was the... shine of the light and a token of the end of the night, I reassured myself, even as my cock began to stir beneath my black skinny jeans.

The older diva turned and stared directly at my camera. I immediately directed the lens elsewhere before hurriedly putting the camera away, betraying my supposedly innocent reasoning. 

The woman said a few more things to her companions before she got up and began walking over to me.

"Fuck," I muttered under my breath, assuming she was going to try and chew me out.

"Hey, stranger," she began in a warm, friendly tone. The woman sat down right next to me despite having the whole table. I immediately picked up on her intent. "I take it you're the photographer. At least, I certainly hope so and you're not a weirdo taking photos of women." 

She flashed a bright smile to me, displaying her perfectly straight and white teeth.

"Yes, I am the camera man. My name is Brad."

I extended my hand, and the woman shook it. I moved my hand to the table top, and she followed suite, resting her hand on top of mine. I immediately noticed the glint of a wedding band on her ring finger.

"Well, I know she was very stressed about the original photographer, so thanks for stepping in. It's a lesson not to get pregnant. I'm on the pill, so you can cum in me all day long and I'll be just fine."

My eyes nearly bugged out of my head. She wasn't being coy at all. Her finger had begun to slowly trace circles on the back of my hand.

"Oh, my name's Angela, by the way. I should have introduced myself."

"Well, it's very nice to meet you, Angela," I said. I wasn't sure if I wanted to fully commit to what she was implying, or if I wanted to get home.

"You know, Brad. I feel like I've been looking at you all day, but for the first time I'm really looking at you. You must get that a lot hiding behind that camera of yours."

"Well, you know, I do hear it sometimes, but I obviously do love my job, and a lot of it doesn't even involve being behind the camera."

"Well, I'm certainly sad I'm not there for that. I would love to see more of that handsome face." For a married woman, Angela was not holding back at all. 

"Oh, you're too kind. I think it would be a greater travesty if you were behind the camera." I decided to play on her vanity. She obviously cared a lot snout her appearance.

"Oh, stop, you devil."

"Hey, I'm just being honest. You can't crucify me for that."

"Oh, I would never crucify such a handsome man anyway." 

"What, you're saying that you wouldn't want to nail me?" 

It was her turn to be surprised by my frankness.

"Not to a cross, anyway. So you must feel like quite the hero now, stepping in and saving the wedding and all."

"Well, I was happy to do an old friend a favor."

"Oh, you knew Jenny before?"

"Yes, we met in college actually. That's why she came to me when she was in crisis."

"And thank god you could do it. I helped her organize the wedding, and she was a terror when something didn't work or go exactly as hoped. You saved me from what would have been quite a bit of stress-induced yelling."

"Perhaps you'll have to find a way to make it up to me."

A loud cough from the side of us interrupted our banter. I turned my head to see the other two blondes standing there.

"Well, Angela, are you going to introduce us to the charming man?" the older one said.

"Of course. Brad, this is Cassie, the maid of honor," she motioned to the young girl, Jenny's sister. "And Britney," here she signaled the one about my age. 

"It's an absolute pleasure to meet you both."

"Likewise," Britney replied. 

Britney and Cassie both grabbed chairs and sat down next to Angela and I. We began chatting about Jenny and our jobs and lives. Angela was married to an older, very wealthy man who rarely paid attention to her. She had met Jenny when their husbands attended a golf tournament together.

Britney had in fact gone to UW with Jenny and I. She had gone into anthropology, and stayed in close contact through the years. Britney was extremely outgoing and bubbly, immediately taking charge of the conversation. She also kept dropping small hints about wanting to fuck me, though she was considerably subtler than Angela.

Cassie was in her freshman year of college, following in her sister's footsteps. She seemed like the shiest of the three, understandable considering her young age. Bur she kept gently brushing her hand against my thigh and testing the physical boundaries. 

The wine was passed around. We sat talking for much longer than I had anticipated, and were only brought out of our revelry by the bartender, who informed us he was closing for the night, and we would have to either leave the hotel or go to our rooms.

"Well, ladies, it has been wonderful speaking with you. It is getting very late though, and I should head out." My mind had wandered away from Angela's earlier advances, and I was feeling a little bit tired.

"Oh, nonsense. You can't drive home. You've been drinking," Britney said, although her tone suggested she wasn't strictly looking out for my safety.

"Besides, you can't leave us all here alone," Cassie added, her first true innuendo of the night.

"Come on, Brad. After such an eventful day, I'm sure all of us could use a little relaxation and de-stressing," Angela stated. She ran her hand over my shoulder and bicep. 

"Um, are you ladies suggesting what I think you're suggesting?"

"I know Jenny gave you the honeymoon suite," Cassie said. "You'll have to stay there if you're not going home. Wouldn't you like to give us a tour?"

All three women were giving me doe eyes, and making me into putty in their hands. My heart raced in my chest as the full reality of the situation set in.

"I guess I have no other option. It would be irresponsible to let you go home in such a state," I answered, trying to turn the charm back on to hide my excitement and slight nervousness.

They all broke out into big smiles at my quasi-acceptance of their proposition. To be fair, I don't think a single man living would turn down such a glorious offer.

"Well what are we waiting for then?" Britney asked, rising from her chair.

The rest of us stood up as well. 

"Do any of you know where the suite actually is?" I asked. 

"Follow me," Cassie answered. 

She began sashaying out of the room, heading towards the elevator. My eyes remained glued on her slim waist and gorgeous bare legs.

Angela grabbed the mostly-empty wine bottle before continuing with us. "You never know when it might come in handy," she answered upon seeing my questioning look. That certainly got my mind racing. 

Cassie reached the elevator, the rest of us following close behind. All four of us piled into the small elevator. The suite was on the very top floor, which was more than 10 stories up. 

The doors slid shut. I could smell the scent of each woman, their perfume, slight perspiration, just a hint of wine and other liquor. And I could have sworn that I faintly detected the aroma of a wet pussy.

As soon as the doors closed, all fronts of subtlety were dropped. Cassie ran her hands over my chest, and tilted her head up. I leaned down and passionately kissed her. Cassie's soft lips pressed back against mine as she equaled my hunger and desire. My dick immediately grew hard against my pants.

Meanwhile Britney pushed Angela up against one of the elevator walls. The railing pressed against Angela's hips, thrusting her waist out further forward as she was pushed back. Britney cupped Angela's face in her hands and their lips met.

I hadn't ever seen a lesbian kiss in real life before, and it was insanely hot. A moan escaped Angela's lips. She clearly thought so too.

My hands moved to Cassie's back and slowly down to her firm little butt. I squeezed it, feeling the satin fabric of her dress against my skin. 

Taking on more of the dominant role, I opened my mouth as Cassie and I maintained our embrace. She took the cue and parted her lips as well. My tongue slipped into her warm mouth. I quickly began exploring her mouth, moving my tongue over every inch that I could reach. 

Cassie reciprocated the treatment on me. Her tongue snaked out into my mouth as our tongues intertwined in a beautiful, passionate dance. I pulled her body further into mine until we were pressed right up against each other. I stuck my tongue down her throat before pulling back and kissing her on the lips again.

I had become so transfixed in the gorgeous young girl that my eyes hadn't kept track of Angela and Britney. They were fully Frenching by now as well. Angela had one leg hiked up as Britney rubbed Angela's thigh underneath her knee-length dress.

The alarm bell of the elevator sounded. Britney and Angela slowly pulled away from each other's arms. 

The door slid open, and Cassie walked out, looking for the reserved room. Angela and Britney moved to either side of me as I followed Cassie, and I wrapped an arm around both of the women's shoulders.

I turned my attention to Angela first. Her lipstick was already pretty smeared, but she still looked immaculate and elegant. I leaned down and kissed her. Angela's lips were bigger and more full than Cassie's, and she pushed back against me less.

We held our kiss for a few seconds before I moved my head towards Britney. She craned her neck up and I kissed her as well. I felt Angela begin to kiss my neck. Britney let my tongue enter into her mouth, and we passionately explored the other's mouth. 

In my peripheral vision, I saw Cassie locate the room, and unlock the door. Jenny must have given her the key. 

Angela noticed too, and began striding faster towards the opened door. I gave her ass a squeeze as she tottered towards the room, causing her to giggle. Britney and I exchanged one last kiss before entering into the room.

The honeymoon suite was huge, and really nice. But the only thing I cared about was the king-sized bed, where Angela and Cassie had flopped down on. As soon as I was in the room and the door was closed, Britney dropped down to her knees. 

"Wow, you don't waste time, do you?"

"I like to be quick to the point," she replied. Her hand moved to my crotch, where she felt my growing hard-on through my pants.

Angela and Cassie giggled and got off the bed. They moved over towards us and dropped down to their knees on either side of Britney. I leaned back against the door and looked down at the three blondes on their knees, waiting to service me. I was still having a hard time believing it was all really happening.

"Come on, let's see it," Cassie eagerly stated.

Britney undid my belt, button, and zipper, before hooking her hands into the waistband of my skinny jeans and briefs and pulling them down. My raging erection popped free, and I breathed a contented sigh.

"Wow, Brad, you should have told us you were hiding this kind of power," Angela said. I was quite well-endowed, about eight inches in length, and quite thick.

Britney wrapped a hand around the base of my cock and lightly squeezed it. All three women took a moment to admire the engorged purple head and veiny shaft.

"Who goes first?" Angela asked.

"As the maid of honor and the youngest, I think it should be Cassie," Britney said.

"Wow, falling on the sword for her, Britney. How kind."

"Actually, I think Cassie's the one who will be dealing with a sword," Britney retorted.

I remained silent, not wanting to interrupt their friendly banter. 

"Alright, Cassie, go ahead," Britney said, releasing her hand from my cock. 
