 My career as a body painter has introduced me to some interesting people. Call them characters, if you must. But, understandably, a person willing to have their naked body turned into a canvas is going to be somewhat...extroverted.

I've always thought exhibitionist was a cruel description for my subjects. In fact, if I do my job correctly the public should not know that the subject is naked. Of course, there are certain designs I do where that is not the case. But, for the most part, we want to project an optical illusion upon the public.

I mention this only because I'm constantly asked if my job is as sexually arousing as it seems to most people. The typical question is something like, "Do you ever, you know, uh, 'do it' with your subjects?"

Well, duh!

However, you'd be surprised at the way it sometimes happens. When I'm doing my job, I'm concentrating on the very difficult task of creating a piece of art on a rounded, pliable canvas. There's no doubt that running a brush, even an airbrush, over a perfectly formed breast is erotic. But it's nothing compared to what the person being painted is feeling.

When I'm covering a naked pussy with a thick layer of paint, I've been accused of lingering around the clit. But don't, for an instant, believe that I feel the same thing as my subject.

Still, it's a very erotic job. I'm normally horny to the point of desperation by the time I've finished a young woman's body. Then, of course, I can't touch her. Think about it.

Do I have sex with my customers? Many of my clients are swingers. They have no problem with, and actually enjoy, having sex with new people. While the whole idea was a little frightening to me at first, I've learned to appreciate the sensuality of the men and women who partake in the habit.

They invite me to parties. That's a perk. Sometimes it's just three of us, sometimes a few couples, sometimes I lose track.

And here's a fact that will shock those of you not into this lifestyle: it is very, very common.

I was recently at a large party at the invitation of a couple—she's an accountant and he's an insurance company executive. Their house was what a middle-class girl like me would call a mansion. Tucked well back in the woods with a driveway longer than most streets I've lived on, it was the perfect setting for a late summer eve's get-together.

I arrived fairly early, which is a bad habit of mine. Even then, the crowd was large enough to spread people out among the numerous rooms on the first floor. More guests were on the patio and around the pool.

I quickly found the food and drink. That's another bad habit. And with drink in hand, I began to mingle.

Most of the guests were familiar either from earlier parties or from my work. It's not uncommon for a customer to bring friends with them to my studio to observe, so it's not like I'd painted everybody there, but I had met many of them. I guess I was WISHING I had painted everybody there...so I could afford a house like this.

Eventually I ended up in a family room, attracted by a little blonde with a marvelous body. Yes, go ahead and accuse me of looking at a person and imagining what they'd look like naked. It's part of my job, OK?!

And another thing: I'm not a lesbian. I've spent a good portion of my twenty six years preferring to have sex with boys and men and I don't want to change now. But I'd be lying if I said I'd never made another woman cum or had her do it to me. And now I was standing there staring at a woman who could make me cum fairly quickly.

She wore a tight-fitting, low cut top that exposed just the right amount of her breasts. Teasing was a game this crowd had down to perfection. It was part of the fun. The woman I had my eyes on at the moment knew how to play. In fact, I probably couldn't have painted on pants any tighter than hers.

At these parties it is a commonly accepted practice for complete strangers to introduce themselves to you. So I introduced myself to her.

"Hi", the beautiful girl with the gorgeous blue eyes said. "I'm Amber."

I only half believed her, but wasn't going to let a little think like a name stop me on my quest. I found out she was an elementary school teacher. Lucky kids. Then I explained who I was.

"Oh, wow," she exclaimed. "You must be the Theresa that Heather was telling me about. I mean, there can't be that many Theresa's here that are body painters."

I nearly spilled my drink trying not to laugh. "God. I hope not. I don't need the competition."

Amber laughed, which at least allowed me to smile without feeling stupid. "Heather says you are very good."

I knew she didn't mean it in a sexual way, but my mind was having trouble staying on track the more I talked to this angel. Her breasts were dazzling, with just a hint of nipple protruding from the material of her top. Her skin was tanned and smooth. Her hair hung to her shoulders similar to Holly Hunter in "Crash." And if you know what I'm talking about, you ARE perverted.

"Well, I don't know about that. Maybe you should find out for yourself," I said.

Amber blushed. "What could you do with a lousy body like this?"

I smiled and took the opportunity to look over every inch of her lousy body, including the beautiful ass I couldn't see before. "Hmm. How about a string bikini so real looking even your husband will try to untie it?"

It was the only thing I could think of saying under short notice to find out if she was married or not.

"We should ask," Amber volunteered with a gleam in her eye.

She turned, looked around the room for a second, and said above the din of the crowd, "Adam!"

A man in his late twenties, Amber's age, turned to face her.

"Come here," she ordered, using her finger to invite him over.

Adam was handsome in an ordinary way. Not like a movie star or magazine model. But approachable. This might be fun, I thought.

"Adam, this is Theresa," Amber said. "Remember when Heather said the girl that did body painting would be here? This is her."

Adam and I shook hands and exchanged polite greetings. I was happy to see him surreptitiously examine me as we talked, hoping that my four or five inch height advantage over his wife didn't eliminate me from the competition. Maybe my four or five year age advantage made up for it.

My heart raced when Adam actually said, "It's so nice to find somebody here that's not so much older than us. We were feeling a little out of place. Can you stay and talk for a while?"

Can we just go somewhere and get naked? I let the question flow through my brain, bypassing the mouth for now. Instead, I said, "Sure. Do you need another drink?"

We agreed to head back to the dining room for refills, then found a less crowded corner of the house.

Adam explained his company had used the accounting services of Heather, my friend. They had hit it off and discussions led to Adam and Amber attending some of these parties.

"I really enjoy watching Amber with other women," Adam said. He and his wife exchanged knowing glances.

"So you'd be OK with the bikini?" Amber asked.

She had explained my comment from earlier and Adam seemed more than interested.

"Absolutely."

"You're OK with me airbrushing Amber between the legs?" I said innocently.

Adam laughed. "You won't stop there, will you?"

"Well, I'll airbrush some places and use a hard brush on others. Like Amber's breasts. I'll have to use a brush to properly cover her nipples. And around her ass where I need to be precise with the bikini strings," I replied.

Adam clearly enjoyed the dialogue. I couldn't yet make out the bulge in his pants, but I was working on it.

I continued. "So tell me about Amber and other women. What do they do? What do you like to see them do?"

Amber watched her husband intently, waiting, like me, for his answer.

"I like to watch them undress each other. And kiss. I like to watch them lick each others breasts and suck on their nipples. I like to watch one of them get on her knees and lick the other woman's pussy," he explained.

My heart pounded and moisture gathered around my pussy. I fought the urge to put my hand inside my slacks.

"What do you do during all this?" I managed to ask.

"I take out my cock and stroke it. I know that eventually the girls will take care of me. So I get hard for them."

"Do they suck you?" I asked.

"Usually. Sometimes both at once. Then I need to fuck one of them."

I glanced over at Amber. She had a serious look on her face, but it was the serious look of a woman wanting sex...soon.

"Would you let me make love to your wife?"

Amber's head snapped around. A barely perceptible grin appeared.

"If she wants," Adam said softly.

Amber only nodded at me.

"Let's find a room," she said.

We walked up a flight of stairs and Adam led us down a long hallway. Near the end he turned into an open room and we followed. Adam quickly looked around the vast bedroom and declared it empty. Amber went to close the door, but her husband said, "No. Not tonight. Leave it open. I want others to watch this. I think it's going to be very good."

My pussy was nearly dripping now from the anticipation of what was about to happen. Never before had I performed sex in front of anybody except those I was having sex with. As far as I was concerned, leaving that door open was the same as doing it in Times Square. At noon. And I loved it.

Adam sat in a large chair near the bedroom window. Without a word, Amber and I approached each other. We took each others hands. Then leaned forward and kissed. It was just on the lips, but I could feel the pleasure start to build. Soon our arms were around each other and our tongues were battling between open mouths.

In the corner of the room, Adam had his cock in his hand.

I put my own hands on top of Amber's breasts. I squeezed them, crumpling up the material of her top in my fists. She moaned and I nervously moved my hands to the bottom of her shirt. I felt her soft skin. Then my hands slid up and found her breasts.

My fingers lingered around her nipples before I placed my palms on them and took as much of her breasts in my hands as I could. Amber lifted the top so I could see the glorious breasts that I was playing with.

Immediately, my lips were around one of the nipples. I licked it and felt it grow. Then I put it in my mouth and sucked on it roughly. Ultimately, the entire end of her breast was between my lips.

When my tongue flicked the nipple up and down, Amber cried out, "Oh, yes. Theresa. Yes."

I moved to the other breast and made that nipple just as hard. This time Amber pulled her top completely off and tossed it to the floor. She impatiently tore at my top and began pulling it up. I left her breast long enough for Amber to take off my top. I thought I'd go back to the nipple, but Amber took my mouth in hers and put her tongue deep inside me.

Our bodies came together, my breasts resting on top of hers.

I was able to see Adam again and stared at the fully erect, very thick cock in his hand. He had his pants open and spread apart, but still on. I didn't know what I wanted more—the rest of Amber or Adam's cock. Could I have both?

What I didn't notice were the two couples just inside the door. They were about to witness me getting half of my wish.

Amber broke off our kiss and put her hands on the top of my pants. She unbuttoned them and pulled down the zipper. My back was to the door and I was facing Adam. When Amber began to take off my pants, Adam did the same with his. They hit the floor at about the same time. When Amber gently pulled off my panties, Adam slid off his briefs.

I couldn't take my eyes off his massive cock. It stood erect on its own, now—pointing up at the roof in proud stiffness. My own nakedness was irrelevant to me, but not to the ever-increasing crowd in the room. By the time Amber's tongue was striking my clit for the first time I was somewhat aware of what was going on around me.

I spread my legs a little farther and put my hands on top of Amber's lovely hair. Her tongue played with my clit until I thought I would explode. Adam's hand methodically slid up and down his cock. Behind me, people strained to watch the scene.

"Oh my God, Amber. I want you naked. Please," I begged.

After a few more licks, she stood in front of me.

"Then get me naked."

I urgently stripped off her pants and panties, caressing her ass and pulling her soft pussy to my face. I couldn't resist the smell of her body, sticking my tongue deep inside her wet pussy. Afterwards, I put her warm clit between my lips and bit it until she moaned loudly.

The two of us fell onto the bed, wrapped in each others arms and kissing wildly. Our breasts rubbed together and our legs intertwined. We rolled until the crowd near the door almost had to push us back onto the bed. I heard several people encourage Amber and she responded by loving me even harder.

My passion for the beautiful, young Amber blocked out in my mind the fact nearly a dozen people were now watching us have sex. Maybe it drove the passion even deeper. I don't know.

But I knew I wanted more of the girl's body. I put her on her back and drove my face down on one of her breasts. She held my head in place and I sucked on both nipples as hard as I could. Amber clearly liked the somewhat rough approach, and I satisfied her desire.

Soon I was at her pussy again, licking and probing it with my tongue. Then I went back up to her clit, receiving the support of the people around the bed. Amber reached up for the headboard and gripped the rails tightly as I sucked her harder. All I wanted was for her to cum...long and hard.

That was when I felt the hands on my hips. It took me by surprise and I quickly turned, barely taking my face off Amber's pussy. It was Adam. Now completely naked, but just as hard.

I simply turned back around and continued to lick and suck Amber's clit. The crowd cheered as Adam positioned himself behind me, putting the tip of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I raised my ass a bit higher and prepared for his penetration.

I felt his hands grip me tighter just as he pushed forward. His cock began to enter me and my wet pussy accepted him with ease. Still, the size of his cock caused me to groan out loud as he shoved his cock all the way in.

I spread my legs and Adam started fucking me in earnest. I returned to Amber's clit, eager for her to cum. Less than a minute later, she was ready.

"Yes. Right there. Harder."

I pressed my mouth down around her clit and sucked on it. My hands were on Amber's ass pulling her off the bed when she began to cum.

"Yes. Yes. Yes," she cried out.

I held her trembling body the best I could with Adam fucking me harder from behind. Amber arched her back and I tasted her juices as they flowed from her cunt. Her legs held my head in place as I continued to eat her.

I could hear Adam's body pound against my ass as he drove his cock into me over and over again. But I wanted Amber to keep cumming, so I held off on my own orgasm.

She might have started a second orgasm when I returned to her clit. Either way, it seemed like an eternity before she collapsed onto the bed.

I watched her slide down and put her face below my breast. I leaned down until she could put it in her mouth. A new sensation was sent straight to my pussy and an orgasm began to build.

I reached back and rubbed my clit. I screamed out with pleasure as my body exploded. Wave after wave of delight came over me as both of my breasts and my pussy were attacked simultaneously. I clutched the headboard and let Adam and Amber finish me off.

When I crumpled next to Amber, I felt Adam pull out. A roar from the crowd went up just before I felt the first splash of cum hit my back. That was followed by several more hitting my ass. I smiled at the thought of him beating off above my ass, his white cum flowing down my ass and onto my hips and thighs.

When he was done I heard the applause, but was too busy resting in Amber's arms to acknowledge much of anything else.

I heard somebody say, "She's the body painter." Another said, "I guess Adam painted HER this time."

Somebody else brought a towel and cleaned me off. I saw that it was a man and he must have enjoyed my ass because he wiped it many more times than was probably necessary. Still, it felt great when he reached between my legs and cleaned my thighs and pussy.

Adam, Amber and I got dressed together and a few minutes later we were walking past other rooms full of cavorting couples. The house was absolutely packed now with sex sometimes spilling out into the public areas.

We managed to get to the drinks, however.

"Let's see if there's any more room on the patio," Amber suggested.

There was...barely. I was introduced to many interesting couples and an hour later had worked my way to the pool area. Amber and Adam were nowhere in sight as I settled into a lounge chair. On all four sides of the pool couples and small groups of people could be heard talking. Some people were dressed, some were half dressed.

My attention was caught by a well-built middle-aged man pulling himself out of the pool. He wore a Speedo suit that accentuated what appeared to be a rather substantial cock. Despite the events of the evening I could feel my pussy respond.

He walked towards me with a wry smile. I thought he was coming over to talk. Instead, he bent down and grabbed the towel right next to my chair.

"Oh, God. Am I in your chair?" I asked with embarrassment.

"No. No. There are no assigned seats here."

I smiled and watched him dry off.

"You have a lovely ass," he said nonchalantly.

I wondered how he could see my...

Then I knew. HE was the man.

"Were you..." I began.

"Yes. I was the one. Thank you for the opportunity."

"Thank you for the service," I said.

"My pleasure. Believe me."

We talked for a while. His name was Tom. He was a teacher and long-time guest at these parties. He made me feel very comfortable around him.

Comfortable enough that he talked me into removing my top in the warm night air. It was a liberating sensation that I had not yet grown used to amid all the strangers at this party. But I figured he'd already seen as much of me as there was to see, and I kind of wanted to see more of him.

We ended up moving from the poolside area to a vacant spot in the yard well away from the house. Tom stretched out a couple towels and we sat down. Within minutes, his mouth was around my nipple, driving me wild with his licking and sucking.

He had me naked in no time. I let him play for a few more minutes before I had a chance to remove his swimsuit. His cock was less than fully erect, but a little work on my part quickly fixed that problem.

I'm very proud of what I can do with my tongue. Women's nipples—clits--men's cocks—it doesn't matter. Anything that's capable of growing, I'll make it grow.

Tom grew to a significant length and thickness. I allowed him to rub his cock over my breasts, over my face and into my mouth, then over my clit and pussy. By the time he had finally forced it inside me, I was wet and ready.

We rolled over and I was looking down at the man in the darkness. I rode him while he held me by the ass. My pussy felt like it would explode...and I loved it.

He moved his hands to my breasts and rolled the nipples between his fingers. I squeezed his cock with my pussy and he responded by gripping my tits harder. If we kept this up we'd soon have orgasms.

Which, of course, we did. Tom's cock shot cum into me while he groaned loudly on the lawn. Wanting to cum before he pulled out of me, I played with my clit. I rubbed it frantically until finally cumming. He managed to stay in me long enough for me to finish my orgasm, his hands roughly manipulating my breasts the whole time.
