 I'm about a month and a half away from graduating college with my bachelor's degree and having to go out into the cold, cruel world and earn a living after years and years of essentially free loading. My steady girl of more than two years graduated last quarter and is now 1000 miles away using her degree to earn a living. Big changes. The saying is, absence makes the heart grow fonder. With us, I think it's the opposite. We talk often and we both miss the sex that kept us happy for so long. But we don't really miss each other that much. At least I don't and from the way she talks I don't think she does, either. I suspect she may have her eye on someone where she is.

That's why I'm at the Meat Market for the first time in years. It isn't really a meat market, it's a bar with a dance floor. It's where guys and girls come to find each other. The few times it's referred to in print, it's M-E-E-T market and not M-E-A-T market because it is where people meet. But the guys are all there with the intention of getting laid. Some of the girls are, too. Many of the girls are there, I understand, to find "Mister Right". However, in order to determine whether he is "Right' or not, you've got to fuck him, so the result is the same.

I've got my eye on a girl on the dance floor. Everyone sees people a little different, I realize, so perhaps some guys wouldn't see her as sexy as I do. To me, she's sex personified. Just looking at her my dick twitches and rises a little. I don't think there's a millimeter of her that isn't curved or rounded. Nothing angular on her body. Dark hair, slightly wavy, cut short like I've seen on ice skaters on TV, so after swirling around it falls back into place. In fact, she may be an ice skater. She's got a great butt. Round and high, probably firm. Strong legs. Lovely calves, all curved almost like cartoonists draw legs. I can't see her thighs, just glimpses as her skirt lifts during turns, but I'm sure they lead to a delicious cunt. Cute face rather than beautiful. Dark eyes that sparkle when she smiles, which is also when her dimples show up. Her cheeks look like cherries as she grins. Good chin. Long neck. No bra, those breasts couldn't move around like that if she had a bra. Not humungous double D's but something very noticeable, perhaps C's. 

I walk towards her and I notice that she looks me up and down. She's checking me out as much as I'm checking her out. I offer to buy her a drink and she grins and agrees. We get to the bar and we're soon each sucking on light beers as we make small talk. She's Rosie, I'm Gary as we both learn a little about each other. We get to a table. I sit at a chair and she faces me, straddles me and sits on my lap, facing me, her breasts pushing into me. I've been moving towards it since I first saw her but now I develop a full fledged boner. It's almost embarrassing, she's got to feel it, she's sitting right on it. But overcoming any embarrassment is lust because I'd really love to just shove it up into her. 

We say banal things to each other as she moves her bottom around, rubbing herself on my erection. Her breasts move around on my chest. Her eyes stare into mine. The way she's positioned herself, I feel as if I'm in her and fucking her, even though we're both dressed. I mean her cunt is right on my cock and it's like it's sucking me in or something and as she jiggles around I'm having one of the best fucks of my life when in truth we're not really fucking. And she just keeps staring at me, now not saying anything, her mouth slightly open as if she's concentrating on what her bottom is doing to me. And I realize, I'm going to cum. I mean, I'm sitting here in a bar, fully clothed and this sexy thing is going to make me cum. And then I do and as I do she gets a really big grin and moves her bottom back and forth, sort of milking me. 

"Let's leave," she says as she starts to lift up off me. She reaches to take my hand and help me up. 

I know I've got to have something showing on my pants. My underwear is sticky and slimy. She just pulls me along with her until we're outside and then she turns, presses up against me and we kiss for the first time.

"My place or yours," I say, trying to make it sound like I know it's a cliché.

"Wherever," she says. "Yours."

We get in my car and as I drive she has her hand on my thigh. "I did that on purpose," she says.

"Did what?" I ask.

"Back there," she says, "making you cum."

"Oh" is all I can manage.

"Now you'll last longer and I want everything to go on and on."

By then she's up against me, I have my arm around her and can feel her breast. "No bra," I say.

"No panties, either" she says. "You're going to have to wash those pants, they're stained inside and out."

I sort of moan and move my hand off her breast, away from around her and down between her legs to feel a sopping wet cunt surrounded by a lot of hair. Fortunately my place isn't far and we're there quickly. It's a three bedroom apartment. I've got two room mates, both brains, and both must be in their rooms studying because we see no one on the way to my bedroom.

This is the kind of thing guys dream about. Within seconds -- o.k. it might have been a full minute - we're naked, on the bed, our bodies all wrapped up with each other. I'm not capable of describing how great naked bodies feel pressed against each other, legs wrapped around each other. We were very slightly sticking to each other. I could feel each of her breasts against me, her pubic hair and hot pussy against me. We kiss and suck each others tongues, feel each other's backs and butts and thighs and kiss even more. She gets her hand down between us and grabs my dick and then my balls and I get my hand to her pussy, cupping it and then massaging it some. I move to kiss her neck and then her shoulder and finally contort myself enough to get my mouth to her breast.

I'm sucking on her nipple, finger fucking her with two fingers up in her, rubbing the base of my hand on her clit. She's doing everything she can with her hand to my dick and balls. I'm definitely erect again. She maneuvers around until she's pretty much under me. spreads her legs and gets the head of my cock against her and starts using me as a masturbation tool. I'm about to say something because it's starting to hurt. She really puts some force into it and her pubic hair is abrasive. Then she starts making grunts, ahs or ughs or something sort of animalistic and her hips start jerking some. She's about to have an orgasm, I realize. 

"Get it in me, Greg," she says urgently.

"I'm not ..." I manage to get out but she interrupts.

"Who cares," she almost yells, "just get it in me."

So I do. It's a truly great fuck. She doesn't just accept it, she's part of it. She pushes back, probably works more than I do. "Harder" she says, over and over as she almost lifts me up, pushing her hips up to me as I push into her. She has another orgasm. I've never, ever, had a girl orgasm twice before the first fuck is over. But she has. It's like the inside of her vagina clamps on me, pulls on me, and it's only seconds before I'm cumming, too. 

We're now laying next to one another, facing each other, arms lightly around each other. She smiles and puts her hand around my dick again. "We've got to get this up again," she says.

"You've already had an orgasm," I say. "Two of them, I think."

"Yeah," she says, smiling and pulling on my dick a little.

"My last girl friend ended after an orgasm. I mean, she'd let me keep fucking until I came, too, but she was really done after an orgasm."

"Well, that's her problem," Rosie said. "I want to have at least another couple before we're done. Even more if we can manage it. The first one is just an appetizer."

I moved my hand down onto her butt. She really had a nice butt. In fact, she had nice everything. "It might take a little while to get me up again," I said.

"Yeah," she said, still working on my dick. "Three guys are better."

"Three?"

"Sure. I mentioned before, the first orgasm is like an appetizer. You know, say you're in a restaurant and you're really hungry. The hors d'oeuvres are really delicious, just perfect. Then comes the steak and flaky baked potato and you realize that's what you wanted all along. And then comes the apple pie. You didn't think you needed more but it's so delicious and tops everything off, leaving you feel really full and satisfied. That's what three guys can do. When one finishes, he pulls out and the next takes over. And when he's done, the third slides in and keeps the feeling going. I can have orgasm after orgasm. Sometimes, the first guy is hard again and I can suck him while the third one is still working in me. Perfect. It leaves me with a sensory overload or something. Just lovely. Now six is too many."

"Six?" I ask.

"Yeah. I figured if three is so good, why not try four and then two more showed up and we just went ahead anyway. It's too many. Instead of building and getting better, it starts to go down hill. No good at all, I was actually sore afterwards."

"But three is great," I say.

"Yeah," she says, pulling more on my dick.

As she's telling me this I'm wondering, this girl is still in college and cute and built but she's a slut. How many dicks have been in her. Hundreds it sounds like. She's bound to have caught something from all that. Glad I used a condom. Then I realized another thought. Glad I didn't go down on her the way I intended to before she asked me to get it in her. What can you catch licking a diseased cunt? Of course she may not be diseased. I look at her breasts and feel her butt and feel her softly playing with my dick and think she's pretty sexy. Then I have another thought. Never in my life did I intend to be part of a gang bang. I don't want to take advantage of a girl. But this one prefers it.

"You like three. I have two room mates. Would you like me to see if they're here and would be interested?"

Her eyes light up. "That'd be great," she says.

"Let me see what I can do," I say and get up and off the bed and head out. I knock lightly on Ernie's door and then open it. He's at his desk, has been studying, but has turned towards me. 

"Ernie," I say, "I've just finished fucking a very cute girl and she wants to fuck some more and I can't right now so she wants me to get someone else in there to fuck her. Are you interested?"

His reaction was slow, absorbing the information I'd just given him. Then I could see he'd figured it all out. He got up. He had his pajamas on. "Why not," he says and I head back to my room with him following. Rosie is on my bed, naked, her knees up and spread, fingers of one hand down in or on her cunt or clit, working away. She looks at us.

"Rosie, this is Ernie," I say.

"Hi, Ernie," she says, "get those pants off and climb on."

He does, In another second or so, he's pumping in to her and I can hear the slurping noises. I watch for a moment and then back out of the room. I'm no great student of dicks but over the years, in locker rooms and showers, I've seen plenty. To arrive at an average, some have to be bigger and some smaller. Ernie is smaller. He's also a nerd. The only fucks he's had have either been paid for or his taking seconds or thirds from a very drunk girl. So this is a good opportunity for him. I've read that girls claim that penis size doesn't matter if you use it right, so maybe Rosie is getting something from being with Ernie. But now I was going to my other room mate, Chad.

Chad is also a brain and not great socially. But he has the biggest cock I've ever seen. I've only seen him taking a pee or coming out of the shower so I've never seen him erect but if he expands as much as I do, his must be a monster when it's fully up. He's also had more experience than Ernie. He gets calls from girls that have either experienced him or have been told about him and he usually responds. So he still doesn't have top social graces but he's fucked plenty of girls. I purposely didn't want to have him go before Ernie. I did the same at his room, knocked and then opened the door. I told him what I told Ernie. 

He just looked at me a moment, sort of sighed, and said, "Sure, why not if it's right here and ready."

We got to my room and Ernie was just having his orgasm, sort of pulling back his upper body while shoving his hips as tight against Rosie as he could and sort of moaning. Then he pulled out and backed off.

"Rosie," I said, "this is Chad."

"Perfect," she says, "The timing is just right." She looks at me and then sits up. Chad can see how good looking she is and he unties his robe and drops it as he steps out of his boxer shorts and his dick hangs out. He starts pulling on it a little and it starts growing and growing. I watched because I'd never seen it full up. Rosie didn't even notice. I guess a dick is a dick to her. She moves to kneeling on all fours, her butt towards us.

"You look like you're almost up again Greg, why don't you lay on the bed here, under me so I can get my mouth to you and what's his name can come into me from the back."

I did as she wanted, saying "I'm not . . " and she interrupted again saying, "Well you're Greg to me." So I was on my back, across the bed, my almost erect dick just under her head. Then Chad started into her from the back. I could see her face. Her eyes opened wide, her mouth dropped open a little. She looked at me, "What's his name?" she asked. "Chad," I answered.

"Chad," she said, looking slightly back at him, "push it all in." Then I watched, her mouth stayed partly open and moans or something came out for a couple moments. "You've got a great cock," she says. "Fuck me hard."

I could see the way her head jerked back that she was shoving her hips back at him, working hard on getting a good fuck just as she had with me, earlier, in a different position. By then I was fully hard and she looked, saw it, and got her lips around the head of my cock. She licked and sucked. She gripped my dick head with her lips and sort of pulled on it as she shoved back at Chad as he pounded into her from the back. She lowered her head and took most of my dick into her mouth. I've read about deep throating and I guess she knew how because I just slid in and never seemed to run into anything inside her mouth or throat. Then she lifted her head and opened her mouth. My cock was still part way into her but her mouth was open so I was just hovering there in open space inside her mouth as she made those animal sounds again, ahs or ughs or something and I realized she was into another orgasm.

I'm not sure she ever got out of an orgasm as Chad fucked her. It was the weirdest blow job I'd ever had, maybe that anyone ever had. Because sucking me was all sort of an afterthought. She was thoroughly turned on by Chad's fucking her, his huge cock working inside her, and my cock got her attention sporadically, in between orgasms. It was actually very interesting and lasted longer than if she had given me her undivided attention. In fact, she didn't finish me until Chad had finished and left. Then she got sort of furious onto my cock, sucking and bobbing up and down until I filled her mouth over and over, all of which she swallowed.

Lying next to one another again, she quietly said, "That was the best ever, Greg." 

I didn't bother reminding her that my name isn't Greg. I told her that I had to get up early for a class and asked could I take her home now. She said she could get home easily and what she wanted to do was just go to sleep right here. She added, just before going to sleep, that I should wake her when I got up so we could fuck again before I left. I covered her, cuddled up against her, and we both had sound sleeps. In the morning, I did wake her. She wakes up pretty chipper, not groggy, and she immediately checked to see if I was hard. Since I was, she had a big grin and climbed onto me. I got a condom rolled down just before she sat on me and took me up into her. 

I went to class, leaving a naked Rosie on my bed. Later, I found out fromChad that he was awakened by her sucking on his cock. She then had him fuck her, this time in missionary position. Apparently she really loved it. He said that she said he could earn a living just charging girls for the use of his cock. Then for a few days, she would call for Chad and get him to fuck her again. He met her at different places but then, for the last month or so before we all graduated, she was here a lot. Every night she'd be in Chad's room. He mentioned a few things she said.

She told him that she'd been a slut, had lots of cocks and that his was absolutely the best. He was big but she'd had big ones before that weren't like his. For some reason, his seems to get at whatever she wanted gotten to. She also told him that if she could just have unlimited use of his cock, she'd never need any other one.

When Chad graduated, he got a job in Houston. Rosie graduated, too, and asked to move in with him and she also got a job in Houston. She teaches school. Elementary grades. And I gather that since she has Chad all the time, she never has fucked anyone else. I've almost lost contact but last I heard, they were getting married. 

# # #