 This is a sequel to the story 'Three in a Row'.

*****

CHAPTER 1

There's nothing nicer than watching your wife enjoy a nice stiff cock, except knowing there are two more to follow. Not my wife - yours. In order to help my fellow man, I set up the three cocks service.

It started when myself (Tom), Dick and Harry were having drinks with a friend who mentioned that his wife thought it would be good to be fucked by three men one after another. We had no obligations and agreed to do this service for him (and her). I thought I knew women and was a pretty good lover, but learned something from the lady in question. To all our surprise (particularly husband) she took charge. We fucked her a few more times, once involving a nice black man when Dick was not available (no complaints from her).

No money changed hands. Of course, we were glad to do it. I had only had ladies one on one before, but I appreciated seeing her get fucked and really enjoying it either before or after me. Naturally we all appreciated a further gangbang after a bit of a rest, and another one later, so it was three fucks for us, and nine for her. Women are amazing!

The happy couple probably think that their experience was unique.

However the three cocks were attached to men who had lives.

It was in Dubai that I was chatting with some contractors and expats over drinks (though a Muslim country, they have a flexible and practical attitude to alcohol, if you are discreet) and told of our experience. There was disbelief, but Harry and Dick insisted it was true. Then someone said you should set it up as a service - how much would you charge? I said maybe 50 dollars for each of us. At once a guy called Chris got out his wallet and handed over 150 dollars.

"I'm in!" he said, "just as soon as I can persuade her!" We laughed.

"Supposing you don't?" I asked.

"I'll keep on. And when I manage it will be at a bargain price. Don't you forget I now have a contract with payment in advance!"

"By the way," he added, "Don't quote such a small price to an Arab or they will despise you. I suggest you quote 1500 dollars and let them haggle you down to a thousand."

I couldn't believe it. Was there really a business proposition? On the other hand, did we want to be whores?

Chris eventually asked us to meet his wife Alice. I wasn't sure what to expect. Maybe someone who had grown repulsive to her husband. In fact she was small and pretty: a redhead, which must be awful in this sunshine. Fortunately in this community you can move around from one air-conditioned building to another in an air-conditioned car, so scarcely need to experience the sun and heat. It is different for the locals, of course. And the civil engineering contractors.

I explained what we had done, and did she really want it. She said, yes, she had been excited by the idea ever since Chris had mentioned it. She had never had any cock apart from Chris's, and getting three sounded wonderful, especially as she understood that one was unusually big.

There was one more thing. She and Chris were into bondage, so she would be tied to the bed, and might protest, but we should carry on unless she said her safe word. Did we understand? We really must stop and release her if she said it. I was a bit worried, but agreed.

The next day we arrived to find her spread-eagled on the bed, with padded handcuffs holding her arms up to the rail, but her legs free. She looked lovely (which was exciting) and helpless (which I found a bit off-putting). Beautiful pale skin and freckles, nice round breasts with pink nipples standing hard and a ginger bush nicely trimmed. The kind of girl I would love to fuck at any time. But not tied up.

"No!" she exclaimed. "I don't want this! I've changed my mind!"

I looked at Chris, who whispered "you know the safe word."

As Chris had instructed me, I started feeling her tits and fingering her clit. She continued to protest, but also got excited as did I and the others. If I say so myself, I am quite good at this, and she was soon writhing and saying "No! Stop!" but not the safe word.

Chris took down my trousers and pants to reveal my cock as stiff as it had ever been, and put on a condom, so that I did not have to stop. We had agreed this, but I was surprised that he did it with his mouth! He later did the same with the others.

Her face and chest were red and she was groaning in orgasm as I pushed my cock into her sopping pussy. I then did nothing but thrust steadily, as she struggled beneath me and Chris told her what a slut she was and she begged me to stop. I didn't kiss her, just fucked her pure and simple till I came.

I pulled out and Harry was in immediately. Now he is no good at foreplay and actually not much good with women, but he does know how to fuck. I am a bit less than average in size (but I make up for it in technique) while he is a bit more than average (and has no technique apart from simple thrusting). But he is young and can fuck longer and more often than me. I was sure he was having a good time, and suspected she was.

When he finished and pulled out, she was struggling and saying "No more!" but there was to be no respite. Dick has a very big dong. He was careful, but she gasped as it slowly entered and stretched her. Soon he was pistoning in and out as she said "No, it's too big!" and her husband said things like "You love it, you whore!"

She had an orgasm and then sort of collapsed as he continued to his, giving that grunt he does. She lay there looking defeated as Dick moved away, with her cunt gaping.

"You lads deserve drink," said Chris, as Dick pulled his pants on. He motioned us to come with him.

"What about her?" I asked.

"Don't worry about it," he said casually. "She'll be all right."

We went to the living room and had drinks and snacks. It must have been more than an hour when he suggested we should go again. I was worried about her being tied up all this time.

Back in the bedroom, she was still tied up.

"These men are going to fuck you again, you dirty whore!" said Chris to his lovely wife, and motioned us to begin.

"Please don't," she said weakly. "Please!"

I was not really ready, still being a little uncomfortable with the situation, so Chris told me to put my cock in her mouth and made her suck it till it was hard. Then he put a condom on me as before and I started again. The sheer physical motions soon had me hard as ever, and I put aside my misgivings and concentrated on enjoying this beautiful woman. Of course we lasted longer this time, and I thought we must be doing something right as she had an orgasm with each of us.

Finally Dick pulled out his big dong and stood back.

"How did you like that, you bitch?" said Chris viciously.

"Lovely, darling," she replied, releasing herself from the handcuffs with a quick twist and sitting up to give him a kiss. "And I can't thank these gentlemen enough. It was so good!"

He hugged her affectionately and they both beamed at us.

"Could you manage the same, next week?" she asked brightly.

CHAPTER 2

Next week we turned up and were surprised to be met at the door by Alice in a low-cut black frock with a short skirt. "Come in," she said brightly. "Chris is upstairs."

She took us to the bedroom where Chris was tied to a chair facing the bed with a hood over his face.

"Hello, Chris," she said, pulling off the hood. "Look what I've got? Three men to fuck me. And you're going to have to sit with that big butt plug in you and not be able to stop them."

His cock was half erect. She bent down and sucked him till it was fully hard.

"Oh, your little cock is so hard. I bet you really want to fuck me. But you won't be able to. You'll have to watch other men fucking me and it will be aching but you won't be able to do anything."

Chris said nothing.

"Now then boys, let's see what you've got." And she took down our trousers and pants.

She sucked each of us to full hardness, looking at her husband and making comments about how nice it was and in Dick's case how big it was and how she could hardly get it into her mouth, which was true.

"Come on, Tom," she said. "Show my worthless husband how a proper man fucks." She put a condom on me, lifted her skirt, pulled down her thong and stepped out of it daintily. She had pull-up stockings. Then kneeling on the edge of the bed with her skirt raised, she offered her lovely bottom to me. She still had on her high heels, and I stood between them and entered her.

"Mmm," she said appreciatively. "That's nice. Do you see Chris? Tom is fucking me!"

So I did. I sort of guessed what she wanted and made it as nice as possible, moving around to stimulate her in different ways and caressing her. This is what I love to do with a woman - so much better than one tied to the bed. We were both rewarded with a nice orgasm. I held tight to her hips and didn't want to leave, but Harry was already pushing me aside, his cock covered, of course.

"Oh Chris! Another cock for me! Your wife is getting another cock!"

As I cleaned myself up I saw that Chris was watching expressionless, his cock rigid.

As I mentioned before, Harry has one technique and one speed, so he pumped away industriously. However, his cock is bigger than mine or Chris's, so I am sure she appreciated it. She looked like she was going to have an orgasm twice, but did not manage it. I was slightly annoyed, because it would have been easy enough to take her over, but that wasn't Harry.

As he pulled out she quickly lay down legs apart facing Chris, so that he would see Dick's arse rising and falling and his dong moving in and out.

"Oooh! Such a big cock! Filling up my little pussy. A man with an enormous cock is fucking your wife! How do you like that, Chris?"

Dick again had no particular technique, but his size and persistence brought to an orgasm where she shouted "I'm coming, Chris! I'm coming!" She lay back looking satisfied as Dick proceeded to his own.

She leapt from the bed and went over to Chris and kissed his knob. "Did you enjoy seeing your wife coming with other men's cocks? Was that nice for you? Does it make you really hard? Shall I suck you off now?" He nodded eagerly.

She took his knob in her mouth then released it.

"Too bad. You're not getting it. I'm going to take these nice gentlemen off for some refreshments, while you wait here." She put the hood on him.

It was about an hour later we returned and she removed the hood. His cock had wilted. She kissed it and said "That's no good. I want you to have a nice hard cock while I am fucking other men." So she sucked it till he did.

She lay down and asked for Harry. He entered her, and she pulled him down on top of her and kissed him. "Oh Chris! This nice young man is fucking your wife! What do you think about that?" Then she pushed him back up again and he held himself up on his arms. To be fair, he is the youngest and the only one who might be called handsome, so I suppose she enjoyed the view. I am sure she enjoyed the long and vigorous fucking, as she was quite excited when he pulled out and I went in. It was no trouble to bring her to orgasm quite soon, and I nearly managed another one, but had the suspicion she was holding off for Dick. However, I did my best to please her and to enjoy myself.

It was easier to allow Dick in this time, but she still gasped and said "He's so big, Chris! So big!" Dick pumped away and I believe she brought herself to orgasm as she wanted, crying "I'm coming, I'm coming! Oh! He's so big! Oh!" She lay back with a smug expression and enjoyed Dick's continued efforts until he came, when she kissed him affectionately, and said "Thank you, big boy."

As Dick cleaned himself, she went over to Chris and kissed him on the mouth. She started sucking his cock and in about thirty seconds he was clearly erupting in her mouth, and she struggled to swallow it. As she stood up, wiping some spunk from the side of her mouth, Chris pulled something and came free of his bonds.

He stood up and stretched. "Oh that's better."

Chris and Alice stood side by side, both dripping slightly and holding hands.

"Thanks, fellers," said Chris. "Another job well done." He turned to Alice. "Would you like one more?"

"Oh yes, please darling. That would be so nice."

CHAPTER 3

We weren't quite sure what to expect when we arrived next week, but they both met us at the door. Alice in her party frock as before and Chris in smart slacks and top. They invited us in and offered us tea. Chris began to explain.

"We don't do bondage all the time, just occasionally as a treat. Alice has never had another man before, so getting three was great." She nodded happily.

"The thing is, although the simple fucking was what we wanted, she really enjoyed what you did last time, Tom, as it seemed you were trying to please her. We've both agreed that it would be good if you could each fuck her as nicely as possible."

"Perhaps something like a date, with kissing and groping before, but trying to please me," added Alice, blushing.

"Tom's the man for that," said Dick and Harry agreed.

"No, I think I'd like Harry to fuck me first, if you don't mind, after we've had a bit of time together, like at a party."

So party time it was. She put on some music and danced with us, rubbing against us and encouraging each of us to kiss and fondle her. When she was ready, she grabbed Harry and kissed him, then unzipped him and started to suck his cock. "Ooh, that is so nice! Oh I do want you!" she said, then turning to me and Dick, "And you, and you!" she led him towards the bedroom and Dick made to follow, but Chris stopped him.

We heard happy noises, then Harry called out "Tom, she wants you," so I hurried.

When I got there, Harry was wiping himself and she was lying on her side looking gorgeous, with her bum to me and sperm dripping out of her lovely cunt. I was so angry that he had not used a condom, but held my tongue, put on my own condom and got in before I lost my erection. I was lying behind her fucking angrily, before I realised and slowed down to concentrate on pleasing her with my cock and hands. She started to say something, but stopped. I calmed down and managed to conjure up an orgasm, but it wasn't my best work.

Still in her, I called for Dick, and waited till he had a condom on, before pulling out. She lay back and spread her legs for the pleasure of being stretched. I waited for her satisfied grunt before heading to tell Harry off.

"Look," he said, "she's never been with anyone else, and I haven't had it without a rubber for more than a year. I thought she'd like it, and she didn't complain." Before I could say anything, Chris took charge.

"If what you say is true, Harry, there shouldn't be a problem, but Tom is right, and thank you Tom for being so careful."

There was an orgasmic sound from upstairs and in a while, Dick came down.

As had once been arranged by the first woman we triple-fucked, the evening was organized with the first fucking then a meal break and a second session once our cocks were well recovered. In a while, Alice came down to join us.

"Well that was a nice surprise, Harry. I agree with you that there should be no problem. Would it be safe for Tom and Dick to sperm me later?" I had to agree that I also had not had any exposure for a long time, and Dick said the same. But did I trust Dick? And more to the point, how did I know Chris had not been elsewhere?

I managed to speak to Chris alone. "Look, I'm not interested if you've been unfaithful or not. Just tell me if you have fucked anyone but Alice without a rubber in the last year." He assured me he had not.

Then I wondered if Alice was really as squeaky clean as her husband supposed.

Finally I said "Sorry, but Dick and I are going to stick with protection. No offence, but that is what was agreed. I suggest I start you off, Alice, then Harry can spunk you, Chris can have sloppy seconds and you will be completely ready for Dick to finish you off." So we did.

She was nicely lubricated and eager as I gave her the nicest fuck I could, which was of a good length. She had an orgasm but I still had some time to spare so called for Harry while pumping. He arrived just in time to slip in with almost no time wasted and was able to keep her excitement going. I called for Chris and he watched as she had another with Harry's load. He was able to jump in before the sperms had time to run out, so I hope he enjoyed it. I didn't think he would last long, so called for Dick, who had only just got it up and a condom on, as Alice got her husband's love in abundance.

Into the dripping hole went Dick with no trouble, and he thrust on steadily for ages while she seemed to be in an almost permanent state of orgasm. He collapsed, sweating and she hugged him and kissed him. Chris pulled him off, the pushed his limp dick into her gaping slippery cunt and lay on her for a while. They nuzzled and kissed, oblivious of us, so we crept away to clean up.

I heard the shower going and Chris came down, and asked us to wait. A while later, Alice appeared in a dressing gown and her hair in a towel. She hugged her husband and said "Darling, would you be angry if I said that was the best experience of my life?"

He kissed her on the nose and said "That's what I wanted it to be, my sweetheart."

She said "Whatever he's paid you, it can't be enough."

I said "You are a beautiful woman and a remarkable couple. We really enjoyed fucking you and are happy it was everything you wanted. We don't want any more payment and wouldn't accept it." (Actually he hadn't paid us, now I come to think of it.)

Chris said he would like to do something for us, so had found another couple we could service, and Alice giggled. He said I should see him tomorrow.

CHAPTER 4

Chris gave me three hundred dollars for the last session because Alice had insisted. He also explained that he had found an Arab businessman who wished to make use of our services. He had girls for his pleasure and knew that his wife would appreciate something like this, but it would have to be discreet. He thought it was a wonderful opportunity, but of course we must never talk about it in terms of payment for sexual services. Instead Chris would give us small gifts to present to him as guests and he would give us appropriate leaving presents. As Dubai is famous for gold, some gold item might be an appropriate souvenir for us. Chris said he had done the haggling and a total of a thousand dollars had been agreed. Chris would get commission on satisfactory completion. He said that all of this was counted as normal business transaction, and ensured respect for him and us, plus hope of further profitable relations in future. Our client supplied labour for construction work, mainly Indian, Bangladeshi and Sri Lankan, so had a wide range of contacts and was respected in the community. Chris was happy to be able to do this favour for him.

We met the Arab gentleman, whose name was Abdul and I asked when we could meet his wife. He said that that would not be necessary: we would meet her when guests in his home and we could be assured that she would agree. I was not entirely happy, but Chris vouched for him as a longstanding business acquaintance and friend.

There was no direct talk about what we were to do. Instead we were invited to stay as guests at his house. Chris later made it clear that we were also to behave in this way until invited to go to bed, and even then there might be some more vague invitation rather than an instruction to fuck. The wife would wear a veil, and we were not to lift it under any circumstances. We were not to say anything that might suggest the wife was doing something wrong. I already knew that the subject of religion should be avoided at all costs.

