 I'm lucky, that's all there is too it. My husband and I talk about our fantasies quite a bit and his biggest fantasy and turn on is watching me with another man as well as being an active participant. We have done this once before a few years ago and it was great but we haven't indulged any since, in fact our talking about our fantasies has died down a bit too, until recently. 

He has pretty much let me know he would like it again and I'm the one who isn't to sure, why, I don't know. I think about it now and the thought of both of them in me, on me and all over me is a dream come true and part of me wants to. I could single handedly make 3 people's fantasy come true. Since I put it that way, I'm going to invite our friend Eric over and fuck them both!

I sent an E-mail to Eric and asked if he could come over and play. Eric is Mike's best friend and well.....friend's share I guess. Besides, they're both very comfortable with each other which makes it much better. Eric's reply is good; he'll be over in half an hour. Great! That means I will have them both for over 4 hours! Boy am I going to get fucked today and I can't wait. Mike has said he likes me to be bad every now and again, Today's the day and I know I won't have any argument from Mike, It's his dream come true too.

Mike has been up for a couple of hours piddling about, freshly showered and so am I now. The bell rings! Mike gets the door and finds Eric on the other side with a six pack of beer and wine coolers. Mike is confused but lets him in. 

I make my way into the living room and plop down beside Mike. Now I must make my move, Eric has already figured out that Mike is clueless about the E-mail and plays along. I start teasing Mike and ask him what kind of mood he is in. He smiles, looks at me then at Eric and back to me, plants a kiss on my lips and moves his hand to my crotch. JACKPOT! I'm going to get everything I want and so are these two handsome men. 

Mike starts to caress and undress me while Eric starts to undress himself all the time watching Mike and I. Me; I'm getting wetter by the minute with desire and anticipation. I want to ravish them both, have them in me, on me, smell, taste and eat them both. Mike stands to undress himself as Eric takes over where he left off. Eric is now standing naked next to me, his hands; one caressing me the other removing my shorts and panties. It all feels and looks so damn good. Eric's lovely dick is staring me in the face, I want it!

I grab Eric's dick and pull it to me. He already has precum on the head which I love and also tells me he wants what is ahead which I love. I lick the tip getting all of it I can, ooh it tastes good. I slowly start to take his dick in my waiting and hungry mouth. His dick tastes and feels so good I take all of him in me. Animalistic feelings are coming out of me as I suck and savor his dick. 

I glance at my husband who is now naked also. He is stroking his dick, which also has a lot of precum on it. I want it. I grab him with my other hand releasing Eric's dick from my mouth and take my husbands. Ooh this is too good to be true. They both taste, smell, feel and look so damn good. I suck my husband with all I have, his dick I know is great and I want it. Eric's other hand is playing with my pussy while I stroke him and suck Mike. 

I release my husbands dick from the clenches of my mouth to move to Eric's again. As I suck on his dick Mike moves to my pussy and gives it subtle kisses and licks. It is all so good. I want to feel Eric's balls in my mouth, I want to suck his balls. I love the feel of a mans balls in my mouth, as well as his dick mind you. Ooh they feel good and Eric must agree as I hear him moan with pleasure and Mike stops to watch. He is getting really turned on watching suck Eric and I am getting turned on by doing it as well as knowing Mike is loving it. How did I get so lucky to land him? 

Mike is stroking himself with one hand, playing with my pussy with the other. I stop my assault on Eric's balls and lean to my husband wanting a kiss. He gives it to me! I then start on Eric's balls again but aim Eric's dick towards my husband wanting so much to watch him suck Eric and Eric suck him, but will he? I aim again and he moves in. I watch as he takes our friend into his mouth and sucks him. Eric is moaning with fury now as I know he is leaking precum into my husband's mouth and lots of it. I feel little twitches in his balls which I suspect means he is spurting and my lovely husband is taking it. I want some, I need it. I want every drop these balls have and then some. I move to my husbands' mouth and he moves to mine, we kiss and I lick every drop I can get off his lips then take Eric's dick into my mouth and suck, suck hard too. He is spurting! I must have him in me. 

Mike moves to my side so I can suck him while our friend is cleaning Mike's precum from my pussy and belly. This is so damn hot and such a turn on. Eric feels my wants and positions himself at the entrance to my hot, wanting hungry pussy. He slowly slips his dick into my pussy and as he does I pull my mouth off my husbands' dick and let out moans of pure want, desire, lust and ecstasy. Eric is now all in me and he feels wonderful as I tell him to fuck me, fuck me good, I want it, I want you. 

Eric's dick is filling my hungry pussy, pounding it with a look of desire, lust, want, hunger and total bliss on his face. I tell him I want him, I want him to fuck me. As I lean towards his lips he tells me he is going to fuck me and he wants to fuck me. I gently kiss his lips and he responds with a passion. I return his passion with mine. As I break our kiss I nibble on his chin and look and my husband not knowing how he is with this or if he wants it. His look tells me all I need to know and so does all of his precum on my hand and the head of his dick. 

I lean to take Mike's precum soaked dick into my hungry wanting mouth. This is all so good, Eric fucking me and my husbands' precum. I start to take all of him in my mouth when I feel Eric's warm breath on my cheek. Eric wants it too. I aim my husbands' dick into Eric's mouth and watch as he sucks my husband. I'm in heaven, I have a good friend's dick in my pussy fucking me and watching him suck my husband. I'm going to suck and fuck these two and good. I want them, I want there bodies, their cum, I want them both and I want them any and every way I can. This may be a once in a lifetime opportunity and I'm going to take it for everything I can. 

Eric's dick feels so good in me and I love having him in me. He is giving my pussy a good fucking and my body is reacting in return. Watching Eric suck Mike, Eric's beautiful dick fucking me, Mike's balls slapping Eric's chin is too much. Mike's balls, ooh now those look good. I take them in my mouth and suck, as I do Mike moans, then Eric, Mike spurted and Eric was the receiver of his gift. They like it! So do I. 

Eric lets Mike's dick free and concentrates on me. He sucks and nibbles on my tits and his mouth, he, feels good. His dick going in and out of my pussy looks good, it must, Mike has the most turned on look I've seen in a long time. He is mesmerized by the sight. My husband is totally turned on by and loving watching me fuck! Watching me fuck another man! Lord am I lucky! 

I feel Eric's dick getting harder which means he must be ready to cum. Ooh do I want this and from the looks of Mike so does he. I pull Eric's face toward me and tell him to let me have it, give it to me, give it all to me I want it, fill my pussy with your seed, then I kiss him hard and feverishly as he returns the kiss. He pulls away from the kiss and buries his dick deep in me hitting my cervix. He's cumming! Ooh yes and so am I. I want this, I feel the head of his dick in my cervix and I feel his dick pumping his seed into my womb. Ooh GOD this feels good, "Give it to me, fill my body and pussy with your seed" I scream as I cum too. He must have been saving that one as I think it was enough for a meal had I swallowed, which I think I will do next!

I gently kiss his neck working my way to his lips and tell him how good that felt. As he pulls out of my pussy, I watch as Mike is still mesmerized at the sight. As Eric clears from between my legs Mike goes down on Eric's dick! Ooh this is great, he sucks Eric good then moves to my pussy. Is he? He does, he goes down on me now. I ask him if my freshly fucked and filled pussy is good and he says yes. Well I must know, I take Eric's dick into my mouth to clean our juices off and it tastes great. I want more, I want it all.

As I suck our friend Eric, Mike positions himself to fuck me. I release Eric's dick and look to Mike and beg him to fuck me, he does. They feel so good, too good; I could get spoiled by this and used to it. I want it, I want them, I want it all. 

Mike sigh's with pleasure as he enters my pussy and pounds away at it. He tells me the feel of my pussy with all our juices is pure heaven. I continue to devour Eric's lovely dick while Mike is filling my pussy with is wonderful dick, savoring and enjoying every moment of what is taking place. 

Eric is already getting hard again and giving me what I want, little spurts of his love seed while Mike appears to be ready to give me his seed. As I move to Eric's balls Mike sees precum on the head of his dick and licks then sucks it off while he pounds my pussy and I suck on Eric's balls. This is too much, I feel it, I'm cumming! My timing is perfect, as I cum so does Mike. I feel his cum filling my pussy as I soak his dick in my own cum. Eric is intently watching both of us. 

Mike is pulling out of me but before he does I kiss is lips, suck his tongue. How can I thank him for such a wonderful experience? But then again he is loving this as much as I, is this possible? After all I am the center of attention and I am the one receiving all of the sex I can want. 

Eric wants more and I want to give it to him. Mike wants more and wants to watch me get more. Eric lifts me up and bends me over. He enters my soaked pussy from behind and fills me once more. He feels good, I want him, I want him to fuck me, I want to suck him. Eric is pounding my pussy good going deeper in this position as I feel him hit bottom and it feels good. I tell him to tear up my pussy, fuck me and he lets me know he is and will. He wants me, he wants my pussy and my husband is stroking himself at the sight and sounds of me and Eric fucking. This is great! 

After a length fuck Eric is ready and so am I. Looking at Mike, he's leaking, he's excited and horny. He is loving this, I can't believe how much he wants this but who am I to argue, I love it and want it too. I feel Eric throbbing inside me, it feels good and I want it, another hot load of his seed. Mike begs me to take it again and I will. Eric thrust hard and deep into me and unloads the contents of his balls deep inside my pussy. Mike is leaking profusely and I beg for his precum while Eric erupts inside me. Mike gives me what I want and the taste of him puts me over the edge as I come to another orgasm with Eric's dick still deep inside of me and Mike's dick in my hungry mouth. Mike was more ready than I thought as he lets go of his load filling my mouth and belly with is love juice and I graciously accept it. 

As both of them pull out of me I fall with exhaustion as they do. We all look at each other, each one of us with a smile and look of complete happiness and satisfaction. I put that smile and look on their faces, which gives me a sense of satisfaction and pleasure knowing I can do that. From the looks of the three of us we're all ready for a cigarette so we will all take a break and head for the garage.