 I sat across from my friends, shocked by what they had just asked. I had known Chris and Jen for years, we'd grown up and gotten through college together, but this was out of the blue.

"Come on Mike," Jen pleaded. "It'd mean so much to us," she said. She looked irresistible, long brown hair and gorgeous blue eyes and a body to die for. 

"Ye come on man," Chris added, trying to persuade me. I didn't need persuading though, I knew what I wanted already. "You can't tell me that you've never fantasised about a threesome with us?"

"Well, to be honest I have, but wont it make things odd between us?" I asked. They had been dating for the past two years, that's how I had gotten to know Jen so well.

"Course not, we've wanted to try it for some time but we were to embarrassed to ask," Jen said, trying to avoid eye contact.

I looked over at Chris who was sat next to Jen on my bed, hunched forward obviously hard from the ideas in his head. "Come on babe, one of us has to get this started," Chris whispered, just loud enough for me to hear.

Jen stood up and ordered me to sit next to Chris on the bed. We both sat there as she slowly slid her shirt over her head revealing her bare chest. Her tits were gorgeous, just the right size, not to big, not to small, nipples standing to attention. She began slowly rubbing her fingers over herself, cupping her tits in her hands. I could feel my cock hardening in my jeans, straightening for freedom.

"Looks like you could use a release," Jen said, stepping towards me. Her hands found my belt and soon my jeans were off and my cock was out. She began stroking me softly, moving her tits just out of reach of my tongue driving me crazy. She dropped to her knees and began running her tongue along my shaft eventually taking me into her warm mouth. I was in heaven as she pumped me for all I was worth. I looked across at Chris groaning and noticed he had his own cock out. He was a little smaller than me but still a good size.

"Need a hand?" I asked suddenly. He looked shocked for a moment but then nodded, sliding closer to me. Neither of us had done anything like this before. I moved closer and closer until I could feel his cock against my lips. I slowly allowed him entry to my mouth and tried to take as much of him in as I could manage. It was harder than it had always looked but felt so good to have him in my mouth as his girlfriend worked on me. I moved my lips up and down, trying to satisfy him as well as I could. I felt his hands running through my hair and he began moaning. I was trying to moan but my cries were muffled.

"OOOO Mike I'm cumming," he moaned loudly. His cock stiffened and then he shot his warm load into my mouth. I did my best to swallow every drop but some escaped down my chin. I let him go and concentrated on Jen who was still working on me. I reached down and fondled one of her tits, taking her nipple between my fingers. She looked up at me, and I could feel myself reaching climax. With a moan I let my self go, my orgasm overwhelming me. I felt streams of cum spurt into her mouth and watched as she licked my shaft clean.

We lay there for a few minutes. All dazed until Jen broke the silence. "Ok then boys, what's next?" she asked grinning at us. She began to remove her own trousers then knelt beside me on the bed. Her pussy was trimmed and neat and at that sight I was hard again. She climbed on top of me and I could feel Chris angling me into her wet pussy. "O god yes!" she cried as she slid all the way down. She began moving slowly, up and down, up and down, her tongue wrestling mine and her tits pressing against my chest. I rolled her onto her back and took control, moving faster together it became more intense.

Her moans grew louder and her legs were hooked around me securing me in place. She suddenly stopped, giving me an evil smirk. "Are you ready?" she asked. I was confused for a moment but I soon felt what she meant. Chris' cock was pressing into my arse. I yelled out but he continued, it hurt so much but at the same time it felt so good. Jen began to laugh as her boyfriend slowly fucked me in the arse. The pain seemed to melt away and only pleasure remained. I picked up where I left off and began doing Jen again. Her tits rocked backwards and forwards as we all seemed to move as one.

It wasn't long before we were all reaching climax. I felt Chris shoot his warm load into my arse which was an amazing feeling and Jen screamed with ecstasy as I shot my own into her warm and damp pussy. I continued to explore her body for a few more minutes and then lay back. We all lay there exhausted.

"So, I hope we are gona do that again," Jen said, nudging me in my side.

"Sure thing babe, if its alright with Mike of course," Chris answered.

I looked at both of them, a smile crossing my face. "Dam right, I've still got loads to show you both."