 This true story occurred in the late 1970's. It was a time of sexual revolution and before the time of AIDS. 

My good friend David was driving and Debbie was in the passenger seat on that late Saturday afternoon. I had the back seat and we were driving to Lona's apartment. David's hand was in Debbie's lap and my hand was draped over the seat and carefully ensconced in her bra, caressing her rather large nipple. We were all silent but shared the thought that we couldn't believe that we were really doing this.

Dave and I had become really good friends over the last few years. He had been a college roommate of my current roommate Eric and our love of ancient history had been a great base to start a friendship. The fact that we were both total horn dogs just made it a better match. We had shared a few women in the past and were totally comfortable in being naked while we pleased a woman together. There was no homosexual element involved, we just loved to please women and were both excited by the sight of a young woman eagerly sucking one of us while fucking the dickens out of the other one.

Debbie was another friend of Eric and Dave from college and at one time or other had fucked all of us. She had long dirty blond hair, gorgeous green eyes and would turn any guy's head. She did struggle a bit with her weight but was never more than 10 pounds overweight. One of her best features were the big D cup tits she flaunted. She also had one of the prettiest pussies I'd ever had the pleasure to lick. One of the things I liked best about Debbie was the fact that there was never any pressure for a long term relationship. We were friends all the time and when we were between relationships we often got together for the sex and companionship. I knew that she and Dave had a similar relationship. But try as we may, we guys had not been successful in convincing her to have a threesome. She was certainly excited about the idea but usually just brushed it off with "You guys would just make a total mess of me!" But she had recently made a confession that I had managed to leverage that just might change that. Debbie was intensely bi-curious. She was dying to be with another woman but hadn't been able to figure out how to make that happen.

For several months I had been dating Lona. She was not what one would normally define as a "nice Jewish girl" She was simply the sweetest little slut I had ever encountered. Lona had dark shoulder length hair and brown eyes. She was slim with small but pert breasts. She was the best cocksucker I had ever had the pleasure of knowing. She was totally enchanted by me primarily because I was the first person to ever give her an orgasm orally. She had a bad experience at an early age with a guy that sucked too hard and hurt her so she had avoided the act ever since. I MUST eat pussy so when we first started dating I had convinced her to let me try. Well, now she was hooked.

Like I mentioned earlier, Lona was a total slut. She simply craved cock. I had shared her on several occasions with my buddy Gary. Several weeks ago Dave had dropped off a few books at her apartment at my request and she thanked him by sucking his cock before he left. Dave naturally told me about it. The two of us had confronted her with that fact and treated her to a night of total pleasure getting both of our cocks in every hole all night long. Even with our experience we were sorely pressed to keep up with her. Shortly afterward I had told her that I wanted to see if she was as good at eating pussy as sucking cock. She wasn't that thrilled about the idea but once I threatened to stop licking her pussy she came around.

The next step was to talk Debbie into it. I showed her some Polaroid pictures of Lona naked and told her that it was the perfect solution to her problem because she didn't know Lona and if things were awkward after ward, she would never have to see her again. Debbie had thought about it for several days and then asked if I could set it up. Originally we were thinking about a FFM threesome but Dave got wind of it (my big mouth) and had managed to horn in on the deal. So this was the day that we had scheduled for our orgy at Lona's apartment.

The three of us waited at the door to Lona's apartment as the doorbell echoed. Both Dave and I were holding bottles of wine and there was certainly an air of nervousness. It only took a moment before we heard the rattling of the door knob and the door opened to reveal Lona standing there with a slight smile on her face. She was wearing a simply blue cotton dress and I could tell that there was nothing under it by the way her nipples poked through the material. She took a moment to look Debbie up and down and then gave me a brief kiss on the cheek as she welcomed us in. 

Dave and I headed to the kitchen to find some wineglasses and a corkscrew as Lona escorted Debbie to the living room. They were both sitting on the sofa as we came back with the wine. I sat down next to Lona and Dave grabbed a seat in the stuffed chair nearby. There was a brief silence as we were all a little embarrassed on how to get things started. 

I raised my glass "To good friends, good times and good sex!" I toasted. Everyone giggled and took a sip of wine. "We all know what we are here for." I continued, "We are likely to never have a chance like this again so let's make sure that we take advantage of this opportunity." 

Then I leaned over and started to passionately kiss Lona. I moved my lips to her ear and whispered "I'm going to stand up and feed you my cock, and then call Dave over so you can suck both of our cocks." She let out a soft moan.

I could see Debbie watching next to Lona as I suddenly stood up from the sofa and started to unbuckle my jeans. Both women watched avidly as I fished my cock out of my pants and then leaned forward to present it to Lona's waiting mouth. She looked up into my eyes as she sucked the head in and started to suck. Debbie watched nervously. After a moment I said "Dave, come on over and get some of this sweet mouth." And I heard him move off of the chair and then simultaneously jostle me a bit as he fished his already hard cock out of his pants. This was not the first time that Lona had sucked our cocks at the same time and she did not hesitate to reach up and grab David's cock and pull him forward. Her mouth came away from my cock and she took him into her hungry mouth. Her hand came up and pumped me slowly as she tended to my friend.

Debbie was just sitting there watching Lona suck our cocks and I motioned for her to stand up. She came over to me and I put my arms around her and kissed her. My voice was a little hoarse as I explained, "Lona is the best cocksucker I ever met so watch her technique carefully." 

I fondled Debbie's tits through her dress as she eagerly watched Lona sucking and stroking our cocks. I fumbled around until I managed to get her dress unbuttoned and slipped it off of her shoulders. My patented one handed bra unhooking technique soon had me sliding the bra off too. I nuzzled her neck as I played with those gorgeous big nipples and Lona sucked and stroked me. One hand found it's way into Debbie's panties and into her wet slit. I had never felt her as wet before! My finger softly played with her clit. 

Suddenly we all came to the same conclusion. All the action stopped and we all frantically tore at our remaining clothes. The stuffed chair became the repository for various articles of clothing. Finally we were all standing there naked looking with hungry eyes. Dave reached to Debbie and pushed her to her knees in front of him and fed his stiffness into her mouth. Lona grabbed my cock and began to stroke me. I pushed her back to the sofa and had her sit and spread her legs. She smiled as I fell between them and began to lick her hot pussy. She moaned as I slipped two fingers in to finger fuck her as I licked at her clit. Her juices dripped down my hand and her hips moved with the rhythm of my fingers as they slid in and out of her. I sensed motion and then saw Dave get on his knees on the sofa and feed Lona his cock. She avidly accepted him into her mouth and began to suck and slurp at him. I glanced over to see Debbie on her knees just watching again. 

I stopped eating Lona's pussy long enough to reach out to Debbie and pull her toward me. She moved beside me and watched my slick fingers fucking the folds of Lona's soaking wet cunt. I moved my free hand to behind Debbie's head and gently pushed her face toward Lona's luscious cunt. Debbie seemed to hesitate and then leaned forward and positioned her face inches away from another woman's pussy. Tentatively her tongue peeked out and she lightly licked Lona's clit. Lona let out a soft moan which Debbie took as full encouragement and her tongue got more aggressive. I could feel her tongue on my fingers as I continued to finger fuck Lona and then Debbie's hand grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand away. Her own manicured fingers now probed tentatively into Lona's folds. David and I both watched as Debbie licked, sucked and slurped at Lona's sweet pussy. 

I finally decided that I needed some stimulation so I moved up on the sofa on the other side of Lona from Dave. I motioned to Dave and then reached down and grabbed Lona's naked leg and pulled her wider. Dave did the same to the other leg. We held her legs open so Debbie could get at more of her cunt. Lona took turns sucking our cocks while Debbie licked her. Usually Lona likes to look us in the eyes while she sucks our cocks but this time her eyes were firmly fixed on the woman between her legs. 

Debbie was so proud of herself when Lona came in her mouth. She moaned as Lona's pussy squirted more hot juice all over her face. Dave and I let Lona's legs loose so she could be more comfortable. Debbie started to get up but Dave and I changed that thought. We moved down off of the sofa and positioned Debbie between the two of us on all fours. "It's about time we got to fuck you at the same time!" Dave said. 

"Yeah," I continued, "Suck my cock while David fucks you!" Then I leaned forward and sunk my hard cock between her lips. David also leaned forward and Debbie moaned as he penetrated her wet cunt. Lona sat on the sofa and watched as we began to fuck Debbie between the two of us. Her hands tweaked her own nipples as she watched. 

Debbie had seemed a little tentative at first but once we got our cocks into her she seemed to get more enthusiastic. She pushed her ass back to meet David's thrusts and I could see her ass cheeks jiggle as he fucked her. Meanwhile she sucked me with her hands and arms supporting her upper body. It felt good but compared to Lona her sucking skills were some what less than great. I think that Lona sensed this because I felt her move off the sofa and her head appeared next to Debbie's. Lona reached her hand up and grabbed my cock. Gently she pulled me from Debbie's mouth and said "Watch what I do." 

Then she sucked the head into her own mouth and began to suck. I could feel her tongue swirling around the head of my dick and was just getting used to it when she stopped. She directed my dick head back to Debbie's mouth and said "Now you try, and swirl your head around his dick while you suck." Debbie sucked me and I could feel her tongue moving tentatively and Lona watched with a serious look on her face. Lona, spent several minutes walking Debbie through the paces and I have to admit that she got better. I was a little surprised when at one point Lona pulled my cock out of Debbie's mouth and then French kissed the other woman. Then the two of them licked and sucked at me while tongue kissing each other,

Dave and I had done this type of thing together long enough to know not to cum in the woman's pussy. The other guy might want to eat that pussy later. When he started to get close he called Lona over and she scampered down Debbie's back just in time for Dave to pull his cock out of her pussy and shove it in Lona's mouth. Lona's swallowed every drop of his spunk and then he sat back away to recover.

I rearranged the ladies so that Lona was lying on her back and Debbie straddled her face. Lona was already licking her pussy when I moved between her legs and started to fuck her. Debbie leaned forward so I could sink my face into her big tits. I had one of her big nipples in my mouth when her first orgasm hit. Debbie's hips squirmed down over Lona's face and I could see that face covered in pussy juice. Lona's began to cum around my cock and this jump started my own orgasm.

Remembering our gentleman's agreement, I pulled myself up and out of Lona's pussy and shoved my cock into Debbie's mouth and let loose. She swallowed most of it but some did dribble out and ended up on those big tits. I sat back to regain my breath.

Lona and Debbie didn't really move from their position very much. Debbie stayed perched over Lona's face and Lona still lay spread eagled on her back. I could see that Lona was starting to lick and tease at the pussy on her face. Debbie reached down and started playing with Lona's little tits causing her nipples to swell.  Debbie stared at Lona's pussy and then licked her lips and leaned forward. She spread Lona's legs even further, dipped her head and began to eat her out. I glanced at Dave and we smiled as we knew we were in for a good show.

The two women licked and fingered each other as we watched. There was a nice duet of moans that filled the room as well as the strong scent of pussy. Debbie's came again but neither woman slowed down much as they continued to enjoy each other. 

Dave moved up between Lona's legs. He reached down and pulled Debbie's head out of the other woman's pussy and shoved his cock between her lips. Debbie sucked eagerly and I could see her ass squirming against Lona's face. My cock was starting to recover at the sights and smells and I moved around behind Debbie. 

I could very clearly see Lona's mouth licking at Debbie's clit and her fingers moving in and out of her pussy. I got up on my knees and moved forward. Lona sensed I was there and her hand left Debbie's pussy to grasp my hardness. She pulled my cock into her mouth and sucked at it for a few minutes and then pulled it out of her mouth and placed it at the entrance to Debbie's cunt. I pushed forward and entered a really hot and wet pussy. As I stroked I could feel Lona's tongue and fingers playing with Debbie's clit and it seemed to only take a few seconds before Debbie's cunt spasmed in another orgasm, gushing juice as she shuddered. I continued to fuck her and glanced over Debbie's back to see Dave working at Lona's pussy from the other end.

He glanced over at me and we both smiled and then made a silent agreement to switch ends. We were tempted to high five as we moved around but discretion took hold and we avoided that social faux pas as we settled into our new positions. Debbie looked up at me as I settled between Lona's legs. She smiled and her body swayed from Dave fucking her pussy. I slid forward and fed her my cock, still covered with her juices and Dave and I pounded her two holes in rhythm for a few minutes. Then I pulled my cock out of her mouth and leaned forward so that I could slide the head up and down Lona's slit. Debbie's head followed and though I couldn't see I could feel her tongue licking at both my cock head and Lona's pussy. I pushed forward into Lona's pussy and slowly fucked her while Deb squeezed her head down to try and lick at her clit.

I reached down and pulled Lona's legs higher so I could have better access to her pussy while I fucked her and Debbie coincidently gained a better access to her clit. There was a growling moan from Lona and she came all over my cock. I pulled out of her pussy and offered my pussy covered cock to Debbie's mouth so she could clean me off. 

So we just squirmed in a pile like that until Dave and I started to get tired. We pulled away to get a little rest. Debbie could barely stand as she tried to life up off of Lona and Dave and I helped steady her and lead her to the couch. Lona lay on her back seemingly in a daze with Debbie's juices shiny on her face. I bent to see how she was and she smiled, glanced at my cock and said "More!"

I called Dave over and we helped Lona up and then lead her to the stuffed chair. I hastily relocated the discarded clothing and then we placed Lona on her knees facing the back of the chair. She leaned the top of her body over the back of the chair. Dave moved forward and sunk his still hard cock into her pussy and I moved behind the chair back and fed her my cock. Her body jiggled happily as Dave slammed into her cunt and she greedily sucked at me. I glanced over at Debbie and she just lay on the sofa looking exhausted. One leg was on the sofa and the other dangled over the side so at least I could see her pussy.

Dave and I gang fucked Lona until we both came and she had more orgasms than we could count. We all just fell back exhausted. We refilled the wine glasses and sat talking as we recalled the events of the day. Later we ordered a pizza and ate it in the living room naked.

Later that evening we did have another round. I think the high point of that round was when we had Debbie in a reverse cowgirl position with Dave's cock up her ass. Debbie was leaning all the way back against Dave and I fucked her pussy while Lona straddled her face to get her pussy licked. But at any rate we did everything we could think of and on the way home Debbie confessed that she had really enjoyed her first woman. She wondered when we could do it again.