 I can feel two pairs of eyes on me in the restaurant. I am alone, but you are with a very attractive lady. She seems to be middle-age, with warm, flashing eyes and brilliant smile. The path to the men’s room leads past your table and I say “hello” when I pass. Now I’m sure I did not imagine the eyes! I can see you both drool when you blatantly stare at my zipper-line. My mind is thrilled and I feel my cock twitch from the knowing! When I pee, my cock gets very hard, making it difficult to finish.

On the return trip, you touch my leg as I pass and ask me to join. “Of course!” I say. “I’d like that very much.”

We chat about many things; laughing, teasing, enjoying ourselves immensely. You ask where I am staying and I name a hotel. “So are we,” your lady exclaims. “Why don’t we go there now and become more acquainted?” My brain is filled with images!

There is only one bed in the room – King. A small sofa with plush arms, a couple of chairs, dresser, TV, VCR, complete the furnishings.

It is a very hot day and the AC is groaning from the strains. Your lady grabs the front of her blouse and pulls in and out like a fan. We both have the same thought: a leering view of her gorgeous cleavage.

On the dresser there are several bottles. I notice you have my favorite…Burgundy. Drinks are made and we chat again, complain about the stuffy air. The AC is in death throes.

By now, you and I have taken off our shirts for comfort. You both watch me roll the cool wine glass over my chest with slow, deliberate motion. Watching your eyes, I feel my cock twitch again, oozing tiny drops of pre-cum. “Hummm….that is SO erotic,” you whisper. “Yes,” your lady says softly. “Very, very sensual - provocative!” She stands up and removes the sheer blouse, exposing her full, exquisite tits. The nipples are large, dark brown, pointy and erect. I have fantasized about this since I first saw her. Her mini is very short, revealing soft, sumptuous thighs and full calves. She is drinking Chablis; you Scotch and water. Now we all roll our glasses, very sensually, over our chests. Then Dotty moves the tumbler vertically through the valley of her splendid tits! I cannot help but notice the growing shape of your cock draped along your thigh inside the confining slacks. 

“You naughty devil!” Dotty giggles at you. “I think I see a mouth-watering hard-on!”

You spread your legs so we can get a better view. My fingers start moving along the inside of my thighs, eyes glued to her nimble fingers undoing your belt and slowly pulling the zipper down. You raise your hips and she moves your pants down your leg. You didn’t wear drawers today, and your cock is bouncing, throbbing. My mind-images are back in blossom! “I think,” you whisper to her, “that his cock also needs liberated!”

Dotty scoots across the bed. With expert ease, she removes my slacks. Her fingers smooth over my cock-head with delicate softness, feeling the sticky pre-cum. “Ummmmm!” she squeals when she licks her fingers.

“Let me have a taste,” you say, and she wets her fingers again and runs them over your lips, then into your mouth. You suck her fingers like a cock….

My eyes are roving over all of this. Flashing erotic lights streak through my brain!

Dotty flicks her tongue over your cock-head, her hand teasing, stroking your length into her luscious mouth. She moves to her knees, and her fantastic ass is swaying before my face. I smell her musky fragrance and let my tongue move through the puffy, pink lips. I suck her clit like a cock and move through her drenched pussy to her tight, pinched asshole. Dotty shudders when I float my tongue over the pucker.

You are both on your side now, your cock buried deep in her lovely, sucking mouth, my face immersed in her splendid ass and pussy. I feel your tongue move over the head, then lick along the shaft to my balls. Your hands are gripping my cheeks, and your fingers are probing into my ass, driving me crazy! Your mouth engulfs my cock, and it feels like a magnificent, drenched pussy!

Every sex gland is screaming with delight, a delirium of erotic pleasure. Our bodies drip with sweat and that only enhances the intensity.

“Let’s switch,” Dotty says to you. “I want to suck his cock now.”

Now I see your beautiful dick dancing very close to my mouth. I cup your balls, one finger probing into your ass. I flick my tongue around your cock-head, paying particular attention to the sensitive skin behind the purple head. Every time my tongue moves, I feel you twitch and arch to me. “Hummmmm….your cock is delicious!” I say huskily. I ease more of your shaft into my warm, wet mouth and feel it throb and swell from the suction. More and more, your cock moves deeper into my mouth. I can hear Dotty’s squishy cunt splashing over your licking tongue. Now she has two fingers deep in my ass, urging my mouth to suck your beautiful cock deeper and harder. 

My mouth senses you are ready to explode your delectable cream in my throat. My fingers are stroking your cock, squeezing, milking you like a cow’s teat.

We are bouncing, trembling, twitching on the bed like satyrs and nymph, smelling, tasting all the delights of cocks and cunt. When I know you cannot hold back any longer, my lips find your cock-hole and your sweet cum squirts into my mouth. My fingers do not stop when cum spurts at random all over my face, then again in my hungry mouth. Your cock spews like a fountain all over my neck, cheeks, forehead. I am so pleased you’ve had such a splendid, gigantic cum!

I push your cock down to my chest and rub the head over my tits. Dotty, with your face in a vise-like grip between her legs, is filling your mouth with gushes of her cunt-cream.

We switch again and I suck and lick her drenched pussy. I feel your tongue move down again and probe into my asshole. I almost faint with pleasure! Your cock is growing hard again and my mouth finds your swollen balls. I lick them slowly, suck gently on the sac. Your mouth engulfs my whole cock length and I let my cum flow fast and deep in your throat. The cum dribbles from your mouth to my ass and your tongue licks up every drop. 

We are all trembling and shaking again from the mammoth cums and erotic cum explosions to each other. We lie back together and relish the smell of pungent sex in the humid air.

“Next time,” Dotty says, “we’ll all pee golden streams!”

We know, without saying, these erotic meetings will continue for a long, LONG time! 

© bi56