 My name is Chris and I have been married to my second wife Justine for just over seven years. We are both in our mid 40s now, having met and become married later in life. Justine works part time as a human resource manager for a government department and I work full time as a project manager for a large mining company. We share a fulfilling sex life. I knew my wife had been fairly adventurous in her youth when it came to sex and had even admitted to having a lesbian experience and when she was 19 she had even spent a week or two as an exotic dancer at one of the city strip clubs that was long since closed down. 

This is the story of the happenings that changed our lives, in particular our sex lives for ever. One day at work I received a very strange email that clearly appeared to be spam but wasn't picked up by the junk mail filter. It was from one of those email address that clearly looks fictitious, but it was addressed personally to me, and it read:

"Dear Chris,

In the next few days, you will receive a package at your home address It will be prudent to open it without your wife's knowledge. There will be a note with the package that will explain a little bit more. 

Regards,

Avid Viewer"

How bizarre I thought at the time. I tried to reply to the email, but my response simply bounced back. I deleted the email and didn't give it another thought. The following week, my wife was away at a workshop in Melbourne. When I came home on the Tuesday and collected the mail, I noticed a small package, the type that contained cd's or dvd's. It was then that I remembered the email and flicked the small package over looking for a return address and noted there was none. The postmark identified that it was posted from the Sydney CBD. 

I went inside the house and opened the package. It contained three discs and a typed letter: 

"Dear Chris,

You don't know who I am, but I work on the same floor as your wife. 

I have sent you some discs. They each contain a zipped file that when expanded will allow you to view a series of windows media (.wmv) clips. I am an avid fan of your wife's career achievements prior to meeting you and these clips document that career. Over time I have searched for and collected the record of your wife's achievements during her younger years. I give them to you not out of vindictiveness, but out of a hope (probably forlorn) that you will encourage your wife to make a return to her former career. 

Regards, 

Avid Viewer"

What the fuck was going on here. My first thought was that this was some elaborate computer virus scam that if I loaded the disc I would have my identity stolen and my bank accounts drained. My next thought was obviously that it was my wife in a compromising position in her youth, possibly softcore porn stuff from when she worked as an exotic dancer. I was on the right track I guess, but not quite. 

I threw caution to the wind and inserted the disc, making sure I did the requisite virus scans. True to his word, the disc contained a zipped file and when it expanded a series of files labelled unimaginatively as clip1.wmv, clip2.wmv etcetera appeared. I clicked on clip 1 the media player booted up and opened the file. I got a shock. My screen filled with the vision of a naked and much younger Justine, her legs spread and the fingers of one hand rubbing her clit while the other busily squeezed her breast. Holy shit I thought as I sat there stunned. I didn't really know what to think. I guessed Justine would have only been 18 or 19 and it appeared that most likely she was in her own bedroom. I wasn't sure if the footage was taken with a fixed camera or if someone else was in the room, but it was stationed to get a perfect view of my wife's pussy and her teasing fingers sliding up and down her slit. It was a fairly short clip and ended quiet abruptly with Justine still pleasuring herself. 

I opened clip 2 and sure enough there was Justine again on the same bed and presumably on the same day. This time she was working a large pink vibrator around her pussy and then slid it between her lips and fucked herself with it. I could hear the humming vibrator change its pitch and volume as it moved in and out of her pussy hole. I knew Justine loved sex toys and I could now see that she must have developed her liking of them early in her adult life, as on-screen she was clearly enjoying the sensations as she vigorously fucked herself with it. I could see Justine was bringing herself to a climax, and the clip finished as she lay spent on the bed after having reaching a quivering orgasm. 

Clips 3, 4 and 5 were of my wife giving what must have been her boyfriend of the time a blowjob. It appeared she was in the same bedroom as before. The camera was looking down at her on her knees as she sucked cock. She looked both relaxed and eager; her eyes looked deeply into the camera as she slid the cock all the way into her mouth. Each clip ended with a cumshot. In the first clip she more or less swallowed the whole load, while in the next two clips she ended up with a cum trail plastered across her lips, nose and cheeks and slid down on to her magnificent full breasts. I had a raging hard-on as a result the hardcore action on the screen and the forbidden pleasure of watching my own wife involved. 

In the next clip I finally saw the face of the man who my now wife had been presumably blowing in the previous clips. He looked about the same age as Justine at the time. Justine was being fucked doggy style by this young thin man; her bountiful breasts swaying and shaking with every stroke of her young lovers cock. The man was really jack hammering his cock into Justine's pussy. He kept going at it for quite awhile with his frantic rhythm before obviously cumming inside Justine. To say I was aroused was an understatement, my hand drifted to my own crotch and I stroked my cock through my clothes. 

By this time I had guessed that the discs were going to be my wife masturbating or fucking and sucking with this one guy. The next half a dozen clips suggested I was right. They each featured my wife being fucked in various positions in the same bedroom. One featured a close up of cum dribbling out of my wife's pussy, and I was most surprised when the guy bent down and started licking his own cum out of Justine pussy. This resulted in her having another toe-curling orgasm. 

Things took a different turn at clip 13. It appeared to be a much longer clip than the other ones so far. My eyes popped out of their sockets as I witnessed my wife dressed in black lingerie and locked in a passionate kiss with another girl. The pallid woman was pleasantly plump and also dressed in black lingerie. She had jet black hair, black lipstick, an excessive amount of black eyeliner, and numerous tattoos including one of a dragon which winged its way across the top of one of her breasts. She was clearly a "goth" or an "emo" in today's lexicon. They kissed and roamed their hands over each other's bodies for several minutes before they broke off the embrace. They were giggling and whispering to each other but I couldn't catch what they said. As my wife glanced at the camera I could see the lust in her eyes. She sat on the edge of the bed while the girl in front of her took her lingerie off and revealed a lovely set of boobs, not as big as my wife's but nonetheless big. Unlike the previous clips, it was clear that the camera was hand held by a third party and the quality of the filming was better. The goth girl removed her black lacy panties, but kept her stockings on as my wife laid down on the edge of the bed. I watched mesmerised as the camera moved in to capture the vision of a bald pussy descending towards my wife's eager mouth. They both shuffled around a little bit on the bed and my wife reached around and firmly grasped the cheeks of the largish white ass that straddled her face, and she commenced eating the girl's pussy. 

There was about five minutes of footage of my wife eating out the young gothic beauty. About half way through the clip, the camera angle changed to show that my wife's hand had squirmed its way into her flimsy panties and she was playing with her pussy. The camera moved around again and closed in on my wife's mouth and tongue which was slobbering over the bare mound above her, grasping the girl's erect clit in her lips and inhaling it. The camera panned back as the girl started to more forcefully grind her pelvis into my wife's face. My wife's fingers were digging into the girl's backside as she did so. The goth girl shrieked as she was overcome by an orgasm driven by wife's mouth. I watched the frantic girl literally fucking down on to my wife's face. As her orgasm subsided she lifted herself of my wife who not surprisingly seemed short of breath. 

There was some more largely inaudible banter between the two before my wife nodded to the naked girl, stood up in front of her and took her own lacy bra off. The girl moved over and took one of my wife's breasts in her hand, lifting and squeezing it quite firmly before greedily sucking on the nipple. For about the next 20 minutes I watched Justine being ravished by the hot goth. She had had her breasts squeezed and kneaded so firmly that red finger marks were visible. She'd been bent over the edge of the bed and fingered to orgasm, then in the same position she been fucked with a large black dildo until she came again. She'd been laid spreadeagled on the bed and had her pussy finger fucked and licked, and even had the neck of a champagne bottle wedged in her hole. It was all too much for me, I removed my cock from my pants and it only took a couple of strokes for me to cum all over myself, making one hell of a mess. The clip ended with Justine fingering the goth girl, jamming three fingers into her until she shuddered to another orgasm. 

I went and got some tissues to clean up the mess I had made and mentally I took stock of what I had seen, realising now that Justine had been much more sexually adventurous in her youth than I thought she had been, and she certainly had been less than truthful about it. Now that my lust had been momentarily satiated and I had gotten over the initial shock, I reflected upon how I felt about my wife being in porn before we were married. I can't say I was delighted by it, but at the same time I enjoyed porn and I must admit I enjoyed watching my wife on the screen doing it. I was conflicted to a degree, but certainly drawn to see more. I sat back down in front of the computer and started to go through more of the files. The next few were Justine with the goth girl again in Sapphic splendour, having her pussy licked and returning the favour. 

Things took another turn at clip 19 which started with my wife in an embrace with a man who I guessed to be in his mid 30s. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a white top, the guy was in a fashionable t-shirt and jeans. Justine was reaching down to rub her hand over the bulge of his crotch and he was cupping, lifting and squeezing her boobs through her clothing. As the action continued, you could see Justine had squirmed her hand into the guy's jeans and had grasped the shaft that resided within. The camera angle changed as Justine extricated herself from the busy embrace and knelt down in front of the guy and worked his jeans down leaving the guy standing their in his underwear with an almighty bulge. The guy clearly had a big cock and my wife looked greedily at the big bulge before hooking her fingers into the waistband of the underwear and slowly revealing the large cock which sprung free of its constraints. It must have been about eight inches and I watched as my wife marvelled at it and grinned mischievously up at its owner and then rubbed her hands over it, cradled it even. Justine slid her lips up and back along the length of the cock, before trying to swallow it. Drool slid down the shaft and dripped on to the floor as she did her best to swallow the thing. After about five minutes of this action, an arc of cum erupted from the cock and landed across my wife's face and cheeks. 

The next clip opened with Justine walking in to a hotel room wearing an emerald green cocktail dress and her ample cleavage spilling out of the top. From the look in her eyes, I recognised that she'd had a quite a few drinks. I gasped though as two men followed a short distance behind her!! Oh my god I thought, this is going to be a threesome. 

There was no mucking around. Justine kicked off her shoes and both men unbuckled their pants and whipped their hard dicks out. Justine got on her knees in front of them and they both moved in to stand either side of her. She grabbed a dick in each hand and went to work gorging herself with cock. Justine was swallowing one cock while her hand stroked the other and then switched back and forth between them. One of men them reached down and fumbled with Justine's dress and she assisted his effort to free her tits. Both men started to grab her tits while Justine continued to suck and tug their glistening hard cocks. After a few more minutes of cocksucking, Justine got up of her knees and extracted herself from her dress. She wasn't wearing any underwear and she moved towards the bed as the two men began to fully disrobe as well. 

Justine got herself on to her back and spread her legs wide to reveal her pussy as one of the men grabbed her thighs and pulled Justine towards his hard cock. No condom I noticed. He slid straight into my wife's vagina and started fucking her slowly. The camera focussed on my wife's cunt and the cock that was occupying it. The screen was filled with up close vision of my wife's pussy lips gripping the cock that slid out to the tip and then plunged all the way in. This vision continued for awhile before it jumped to a wider shot showing Justine still being fucked as the other guy mounted her chest and started to titty fuck her. He squeezed Justine's tits together hard and slid his cock between them, the camera moved in to catch perfect vision of the action, his cockhead emerging from between my wife's tits on every stroke. He didn't last long and he blew a load of cum over my wife's chest and neck and she proceeded to rub it into her skin as if it was moisturising cream, all the time smiling back into the camera. The man fucking her pussy came soon after and the clip ended. My cock was rock hard again. 

The next clip was Justine in another threesome with two men much older than she was at the time. I guessed they were in their mid 40s. It was a much a clearer clip than the first with crystal clear audio. I had noticed the quality of the video and audio was generally improving with each clip, but this was a quantum leap. The clip started with Justine sitting on a couch between them and each of them stroking her thighs, before she spread her legs and hiked her very short dress up to reveal her panties, one of the men started to burrow into her panties while the other lent over to kiss her and fondle her breasts through the dress. Both men got up to reveal their cocks and similar to the last clip my wife got on her knees and alternated her sucking between the two cocks, before the vision cut to Justine riding one of them. She was slamming her pussy down on to it and I could see that the cock was covered in her foamy pussy juice when it emerged from her sheath. 

The other guy moved up and applied lubricant to her asshole and started to slowly work a finger into it while she still rode up and down on the cock below. I knew my wife liked anal sex and I guess she was going to cop an anal pounding in this clip. The guy was working two fingers into Justine's anal cavity and putting some effort into stretching her asshole open. He then removed his fingers and at the same time, my wife stopped fucking the cock in her pussy, shifted herself forward and reached around to grasp and spread her asschecks, clearly exposing her slightly opened asshole. Jesus I thought, my wife was going to be double penetrated by these two men that were old enough at the time to be her father. The second man commenced working his cock into my wife's anus; he then grabbed her hips, and started to smoothly and forcefully fuck her asshole. My wife shrieked in pleasure as the cock probed her asshole, while the cock in her pussy still squirmed inside her. The action kept up for a couple more minutes before the cock in her pussy flooded my wife with cum that oozed and dribbled out on to the quickly softening cock below. The man who was pounding her anus promptly withdrew it and released an arc of sperm which blasted over Justine's ample buttocks and the small of her back. The clip abruptly ended with the last piece of vision showing an up close shot of sperm still leaking out of Justine's pussy. 

The next half a dozen or so clips were my wife being fucked by one or more guys. Again the quality of these clips was good. It was clear what had been happening, Justine had started off purely as an amateur exploring to graduating to more pro-am productions I guessed. I watched Justine get double penetrated twice more and wear plenty of loads of cum across her beautiful face. My hand had drifted back to my own cock as I watched the seemingly never ending parade of cocks penetrating my wife. The last clip pushed me over the top. It started with my wife swimming in a backyard pool, lazily doing laps, clad in a red bikini. The camera panned back to show five men, probably all in their mid to late forties drinking beer and cooking a BBQ as they watched Justine swimming back and forth, laughing amongst themselves. Fuck, I thought to myself, my wife is going to get gangbanged. It was clear from the way that their bathers bulged at the front that they were already erect or semi-erect. After a number of laps, Justine came to the edge of the pool and was hoisted out by two of the men. Another one of the guys offered her a glass of champagne which she drank straight down and then just simply hurled the glass over her shoulder and into the pool before grinning seductively and saying: 

"Come on boys, out with them."

With that the men lined up, dropped their bathers and started tugging their cocks as they leered at Justine and joked among themselves. Justine started at one end of the line and sucked and slobbered on each cock until it was rockhard. As she came to the end of the line, I noticed that the last guy was older than I first thought. He was probably in his early fifties, but in excellent shape with a huge fat cock. I watched Justine gag slightly as she tried to swallow it before giving up and reverting to sliding her tongue up and down its underside. The camera angled moved to behind and above the recipients shoulder and captured the perfect view of Justine licking this big cock and grinning greedily at the camera. 

In unison, the other four men moved to create a cock circle. She grabbed a cock in each hand and tugged on them hard while continuing to lick the big cock in front of her. Justine then shuffled around to suck a different cock, letting go of each cock in her hand and grabbing another. One of the other guys found room to reach around and free her tits from the bikini which he then squeezed strongly and lightly slapped the nipples. The guy who she was sucking off grabbed her head and started to fuck Justine's face, his cock became quickly coated in drool which dripped down on to her now bare tits. My wife circulated herself around this suck circle for what seemed like an eternity, but just as I thought she was going to cop a cumbath from the five cocks there and then, she stood up and said luridly,

"Let's go inside boys so you can fuck me. I'm your young little fuck toy. My holes need cocks".

With that, one of the guys scooped her up and marched towards the door of the house carrying her and, with hard cocks swaying, the other four followed, The vision then jumped to my naked wife sitting on the edge of the couch, her legs spread, while one of the guys rubbed his cock up and down her slit, before plunging into her pussy. He dragged Justine forward on the couch, grabbed her hips and started to fuck my wife slowly and deeply, sliding all the way and then withdrawing almost to the tip. He kept this up for while and then every fifth or so stroke by my count, instead of the nice slow entry, he rammed his cock straight in. Each time he did this my wife yelped in pleasure. The guy in her pussy withdrew his cock, and the guy with the big one lined up to take his place. My wife made the extra effort of opening her legs even further and with some effort the big glistening cock slowly descended into my wife's pussy hole. She relinquished one of the cocks she had been tugging on and put her hand on her pussy to tickle her clit as the big pole started to slide its way in and out of her pussy with greater ease, but clearly no less enjoyment for either of the pair. As the big cock drove in and out of Justine's pussy she writhed on the couch and reached up and clawed one of her own nipples. I recognised from Justine's movements and moaning that she was highly aroused and moving towards an orgasm, however the big cock vacated her snatch and she slumped back on the couch in mock disappointment, although she didn't have long to wait until another guy plugged her vaginal canal with a cock and started fucking her hard until she had a shuddering climax. 
