 It was a warm summer day when everything was wonderful. Our neighbor and his daughter were coming over to visit me and my son. Then at seven the Pastor and his wife were going to join the four of us for Thursday night dinner. 

My neighbor, a handsome widower was coming over this afternoon to visit me. I am Betty Green widow of four years with an eighteen year old son. I know Burt Norris is coming to see me but to make everything prim and proper he is bringing his daughter who is the same age as my son. In fact they were in the same class at school and that is how Mr. Norris and I found each other so to speak... Mr. Norris, Burt owns the hardware store in town and also has a farm not far from my own. To make this first meeting a little less gossipy for some of my snooty neighbors I invited our pastor Kenneth Rouse and his lovely wife Patty to join us for dinner. 

This valley runs for sixteen miles from north to south and is eight miles wide. My great-great Grandfather opened up this part of the state and named it for himself. However over the years the Green family holding dwelled down to a few hundred acres. But we still have the prim land and water in the whole valley. Burt Norris has lived in Valley town for about ten years and he owns nearly a thousand acres. So even though he seems truly interested in me the thought he may be interested in my land has crossed my mind. My son seemed very excited about the visit as he told me Ann Norris his class mate of last year is not only a very pretty girl she has a ( as he expressed it) dynamite figure. 

So here it was a good hour before our company was to arrive and I was looking for my son. He had gone out to feel the chickens and dogs about an hour ago but had not returned. I looked out by the chicken coop then I walked to the barn. I was in no particular hurry so that is why I just did not call out. Walking through the barn I happen to hear a noise from behind the bailed hay. 

I stood there my mouth gapping open and my eyes fixed on my son. He was leaning back on a bail with his jeans down around his knees playing with himself. I must admit before I met my husband I was a bit of a wild one. While I was away at school I found out that sex could be one hell of a lot of fun. So for two years I fucked and sucked every boy I could get my pussy and mouth on. But then I was told to come home and marry Mr. Half assed Green. Oh, he was not that bad I guess but we only have the one child because he was a real flop in the sex department. I may have divorced him but he up and died four year ago after drinking and driving once too often. I was the grieving widow for several months but got over it in less than the normal year. So when I saw my son masturbating I was not so taken back as some might think the very proper Widow Green should have been. Besides he has a most handsome penis. It was at least eight inches long and very thick. Just guessing I would say my fingers may not have been able to close around that fine looking monster.  
 Shameful as it may sound for just one moment I was tempted to take that monster in hand or mouth. But no I let my feet make a quick retreat to the out side and made my way back to the house. I worked around the kitchen making sure everything was ready for our visitor and dinner later on. But I could not get the vision of his thick prick out of my mind. My mind was going back nearly twenty year and remembering the last time I sucked a cock. But that cock was not the size of my sons. In all my married life my husband had never once wanted any thing but straight sex. On-off and to sleep for him. I learned to live with that but a few months ago when I first met Mr. Burt Norris I got he feeling he was not an on-off kind of man. So when I found he was interested in meeting me I was thrilled. But now the cob webs were coming off my sexual desires and I was thinking that my son and Burt's daughter just might what brings the Norris and Green's together. Yet deep down in the recesses in my fevered brain I had a plan to see more of that wonderful prick I had gazed upon this day.

Allen had not returned to the house when Burt Norris pulled into the yard. He got out his six foot three inch frame standing tall and straight. His handsome face was looking around at the farm His daughter got out and stood there head and shoulders above the car roof. She must have been close to six feet herself with those high heeled shoes on. . Long sharply legs showed below a pair of white very short shorts. Her hair was thick and dark wavy and bunched around her neck. A wide mouth painted deep red set off a very pretty face and bright smile. Burt stood there wide shoulders and full robust chest taking in the sight was as I approached them. 

Introductions made I told Ann my son was out in the barn. Burt and I kind of wondered around the out building and up the hill behind the house to the apple orchard. From there one can see down the length of the valley almost to town. As we started to move back down the hill Burt put his arm around my waist as if to help me keep my footing. If felt good to have a man's attention and I did not make him take it away.

We entered the barn and as before I walked straight back to the bailed hay Burt at my side. We both jerked to a stop as we saw Ann on her knees in front of my son with his thick cock in her mouth. We were too shocked to say a word and before Burt could get his breath I pulled him away and made our way to the front of the barn. I could see he was about to explode so I took him by the arms and told him they were just kids and were playing at learning about sex as any kids would. Besides I thought if he remember his youth maybe he had done the same thing. He seemed to calm down and I took him by the hand and lead him to the lower level of the barn. 

Watching his daughter sucking my son's wonderful cock had turned me on more than I thought at first because I wanted to feel a cock in my mouth as well. I told Burt he should remember that oral sex was fun and I was sure his wife had performed admirably on him during there marriage. This is when I found out that in fact she had not been into oral sex even though he had asked her many times to try it. Feeling sorry for him and very excited that I would have the chance to show Burt my many charming ways I pulled him into a dark corner of the barn by the grain room and quickly undid his belt.

Burt was still in a state of shock as I released him cock from his jeans. I saw he was as aroused as I was even though he did not seem to notice my handling his cock. He was thick and hard and my fingers curled around his cock warmly jerking him to even a bigger size. I dropped to my knees and took the fat head into my mouth. That is when I brought Burt to life and to the state of arousal I wanted him in. He looked down at me and simply said, "Holy fuck." 

I had his attention and quickly worked his cock with my mouth and tongue. Playing with his balls at the same time my finger engaged his tight little ass hole. His knees were trembling so much I thought he was about to crumb in front of me. But he managed to keep up right and delighted me to no end as I felt his cock jerk and throb pumping a sweet warm fluid into my mouth. I sucked and swallowed allowing him all the time he needed to cum completely. Burt reached down and pulled me to my feet. Cum still dripping from my lips he kissed me. He powerful hands were on my tits and ass as he pulled me close. 

We managed to straighten our cloths as we reentered the upper part of the barn. Making some noise as we did we found the kids standing side my side near the door as if they were about to go to the house which we all four did laughing and thinking neither knew what the other had done. 

I opened a cooled bottle of wine and poured four glasses. We had consumed that bottle and one more before the Pastor and his wife arrived. 

I think we four were all a little giddy as we laughed when the Pastor and his wife pulled in. Kenneth Rouse has been the local pastor for five years. He is a slight man of about five foot five inches while his wife, Patty is taller by three inches and even though she is a very pretty girl she does have a broad beam on her. I have heard our gossipy neighbors say unkind words about the couple and how they might make love. But I am sure most of it has been in fun. 

We all touched hands and made the welcome a warm one. Ken as he asked us to call him and Burt walked to the edge of the front porch and started to smoke. The kids went into the house while I and Patty headed for the kitchen. My kitchen is a large room with plenty of room. There is a wide counter pass through into the dining room. This pass through is protected by little louvered doors. Patty was sitting some of the dinner on the counter pass through when she heard my son Allen's voice on the other side. Her hand was on the little door about to open it when she heard his say. "Ann, I bet the pastor's wife could take my thick cock. I mean she has a fine plump ass and I bet she can fuck like a wild cat in heat." 

"Oh, Allen don't say that I will try to let you fuck me later. But for now why can you not just let me suck you off. You do like that don't you?" 

"Sure Ann, you're a great cock sucker, but I was looking at her wide ass and I bet she could take my cock doggie style or hell she may even like a fuck in the ass too." 

"Oh, Allen don't say that after all I did say I would let you try to fuck me. But your cock is so thick it may take a few attempts before you can get it in my pussy." 

Patty was so shocked she stood there with her hand frozen on the little door afraid to move. Patty was seeing what she wanted to in her mind eye. This young boy with a thick cock holding her by the hips pushing his thick cock into her pussy. Patty loved to fuck and often used a plastic toy she had bought through the mail. Of course Ken knew nothing of that. He was an attentive husband but he did seem less interested in her as a lover than a wife to be shown off and act as his dutiful partner in the church. 

Patty had been an active partner to more than a few boys and girls as well when she was in college. She started to smile at the thought of this young man's thick cock going into her ass. For she loved a fuck in the ass. Ken was not all that big and when they first started to get interested he would often want to fuck her in the ass because it was smaller and tighter for him. Patty had let on she gave into Ken's request for his pleasure but in fact she had been fucked in the ass many times and had learned to love it. 

Patty turned back to see Betty standing there behind her smiling. In a rather loud voice Betty said, "Ok Lets get the food on the table and see who is hungry." With this she opened the little louvered doors to find the room empty on the other side. 

Betty had heard most of what her son had said, and she had seen the reaction on Patty's face. Some how Betty knew her son's statement about the Pastors wife were not too far off mark. She sensed it and she had a devil running loose in her head. Betty made sure there was plenty of wine in every glass. Betty guided the conversation around to what the pastor has to deal in his job. Betty got him to say there were many colorful and some what private things he has to deal with in their small community. Betty poured the wine and soon had him telling of a couple that he had gone to visit on their request and had found them both naked and drunk when he got to the house. Betty joked that it must have been difficult to see another mans wife naked and not get some what aroused. The Pastor was well on his way to getting drunk and laughingly he said, "Well yes she was very pretty and her husband had been aroused also." Betty got the idea that maybe; just maybe the Pastor had also been interested in the husband. 

Betty had noticed her son Allen leaning over very close and whispering into Patty's ear. Betty was on a roll and half drunk so she quickly asked looking at Patty and her son "What are you two getting all excited about? Has my son been telling you that he has a long thick cock that he would love to show you?" 

Patty blushed while Burt and Ann laughed. Ken smiled and said, "Now that I bet Patty would really enjoy seeing. Wouldn't you Dear?" Betty noticed a hostile look in Patty's eye and with a thigh lipped stare back at her husband she calmly said, " Hell yes , why not?" Turning she smiled widely at Allen and said, "Well Allen if you got it, show it now." Patty had her hand in Allen's lap feeling for that as yet unseen cock. Betty watched as Allen stood and they all laughed as Patty's hand was already in side his unzipped jeans. Allen undid his belt and waist button letting the jeans drop to the floor. Patty jerked his shorts down.  
There only inches from her face as a long thick cock that was proudly pointing at her mouth. Allen moved his hips forward and Patty leaned forward opening her mouth as she did. The large bulbous head disappeared into her mouth. Betty was watching Ken as he jumped to his feet and dropped his trousers.

Betty was surprised at what seemed to jump out at sweet little Ann. It was a very respectable cock in size, not as large as Allen's but very nice just the same. Ken had nothing to be ashamed of at all. Betty leaned toward Ann and said 

"Well Ann you're a cocksucker I know so give the Pastor a treat and let him get off on a young pretty girl sucking his cock."

Ann looked up at her Daddy and Burt said, "Honey Betty and I already saw you sucking Allen in the barn so you may as well show the Pastor how a good church girl does it." Ann needed no more prodding at all she was excited watching Patty taking most of Allen's wonderful hard cock down her throat. 

Burt walked around to Betty's end of the table and lifted her to her feet. He pushed dishes out of the way and sat Betty on the table. Betty had her panties down and off one foot, legs wide apart as Burt dropped his trousers to the floor. He had his cock pushed up in Betty in a flash and quickly joined together in a race to see who could explode first. Ken cried out and called Ann a little fucking whore that needed a fuck in the ass the way Patty liked it. Allen was not close to cumming but he was very interested in what Ken said. He jerked free of Patty and had her turn around and bend over the table. Pulling her panties down Allen rubbed butter on her ass and his cock and pushed the head into her tight little ass. 

"Oh, My God Allen it is too big." But Allen was not taking no for an answer but in fact Patty had not said," No" at all. Allen took Patty by her fat broad hips and thrust hard. His thick cock disappeared up into her bowels. Ken jerked and shot a load into Ann's young mouth. Burt shot cum in Betty's rip hot cunt.

Patty was screaming "Oh, My God, Oh, My God, fuck me harder, fuck me oh God I am going not cum." With this she did, Patty jerked and screamed and wilted in a heap on the table as Allen pumped her ass full on his hot young cum. 

This some how seem to sober everyone up and without much talking they all got dressed. Ken and Patty quickly made there way to the front door mumbling about having to get back to the church. 

Once they left Burt took Ann by the hand and said to Betty, "I think I need to have a long talk with my daughter. Where is the bedroom? Betty took Allen by the hand and said, "Yes and I need to have the same kind of talk with my son. Come this way and we can all talk in my king size bed." 

The four were naked by the time they entered Betty's large Bedroom. 

Part II to follow: "Two families make one Foursome" 