 This story is the fourth of a series which span a weekend. The series began with A Knee, A Rub, A Beer and A Babe. The series continued with: A Chair, a Guy, Wine and Two Babes, and A Man, a Woman, a Talk and a Rocking Chair.

The first story introduced Jake to the gorgeous, red-haired Suz and described their kinky encounter one Friday evening in a slightly darkened bar. The second story found Jake and Suz about leave the bar when Suz's incredible, dark-haired, and longtime lover, Michele, the bartender in the first story, asked to join them. Of course, Jake and Suz agree, and the story describes their late night escapade. The third story continues in the wee hours Saturday morning as Michele seduces Jake. 

This fourth story picks up the tale as Suz squirms against a sleeping Jake's groin later Saturday morning.

* * *

I offer both public tribute and my deepest appreciation to adetaildiva for her invaluable assistance as a volunteer editor. She's fixed my grammar, placed my commas, suggested words and thoughts, and frequently "rattled" [her word] at me when I was completely off base.

* * * 

"Good morning, Jake."

I groaned, but refused to open my eyes.

The body next to mine, the one around which I was spooned, shifted and turned toward me. A hand reached for, found, and wrapped itself around morning wood.

"Roll over, Jake."

My mind, barely awake, attempted to tell me why there was both a voice and a body in my bed.

The invading hand released wood and pushed impatiently against my left hip, rolling me onto my back. The body next to me shifted and a leg slid over my groin. The body pushed itself into a kneeling position above me, one knee opposite either hip. The hand regrasped wood and directed it. Slowly, something noticeably warm and moist replaced the hand, enveloped wood, settled itself on my groin, and began a slow vertical bounce.

"Go back to sleep, Jake. I've got all I need."

Without opening my eyes, I was struck by reality. There was a woman sitting on top of me fucking herself with my cock. The question to be settled was: which woman? 

I raised a hand to her chest, seeking the answer. She was Suz. Michele would have been smaller.

My right arm flopped sideways to its full length but found nothing. 

"Where's Michele?" I wondered. 

I opened my eyes and looked up into a smiling face highlighted by a pair of wondrous blue eyes and framed in wild red hair. 

"Good morning, Suz. Fancy finding you here."

Her smile expanded into a small chuckle. "Yes, fancy indeed, Jake. I can't say you're exactly she with whom I planned to spend this morning when I left work yesterday, but I'm certainly not disappointed. You were a real treat last night."

Suz's motion on hanged. She no longer bounced vertically. Her hips moved more in an oval. As she came down, she angled forward. Upon striking my body, she slid herself backward scraping her clitoris across my coarse pubic hair, while maintaining my cock fully inside her pussy. She then pushed herself back up until only the head of me was inside her. Then back down.

Round and round she patiently rocked as we continued our morning's banter.

"I'll take that as a compliment and thank you. I can't say that I expected to find any she here in this bed with me this morning. You're right, though. Last night was pretty amazing for me."

"Only pretty amazing, Jake? Let's review. You got a hand-job in a public bar. You came home and got fucked and sucked by two beautiful lesbians before falling asleep. Then, you had your little tryst with Michele during the wee hours this morning. Oh, yes, she told me all about it. Now you're trying to tell me last night was only pretty amazing?" Suz asked with lifted eyebrows.

"There's that word again, lesbian. Michele used it last night. This time Suz is the one who used it."

"Pretty amazing might have been an understatement," I laughed, feeling a bit out of my element."

"How about an incredible, one-of-a-kind encounter, something experienced rarely and by only a very few men?" Suz suggested hyperbolically.

"...only a very few men, indeed. So why me?"

"You're probably closer to the mark. I have to say, though, I loved every moment of the three of us," I answered, as my hands found her nipples and began playing.

"Of course you did, Jake. I am a bit peeved about your taking advantage of Michele last night without me."

"My taking advantage of her? What exactly did that little minx tell you? All I did was wander off to the bathroom after someone woke me up by announcing she was cold. I fully expected nothing more than a quick pee and then back to bed. Instead, I was attacked by this sex-starved woman," I defended myself futilely.

"A likely story. Next, you'll want me to believe it was all Michele's fault you fell prey to her seductive wiles."

"In fact, that's the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, Ma'am."

"Don't you Ma'am me, mister. Did my demure little friend explain my preferences for the morning?"

"Demure? Michele? Yeah, right."

"Absolutely she did, Suz."

"Um, that feels good, Jake. Keep it up. I love the way you're tugging at my nipples. Now, are you up to performing those duties?"

"What am I doing right now?"

"Ahem, duties?" I questioned. "Michele seemed to speak in terms of a singular, sensual pleasure as opposed to multiple duties."

"Duties, Jake, duties," gasped Suz.

"Hm, would you care to elaborate a bit on the word, duties. Oh, and do you know what happened to our diminutive companion," I asked, emphasizing the last two words with quick pumps of my hips.

"She went out, but with a promise to return shortly," Suz managed to respond, as her hips quickened and her breath shortened.

"So, it's just you and me at the moment," I deduced in a flash of male brilliance. "You're a quick study. Pull on them, Jake. Stretch them, please."

"Um, she's liking this. I can play harder with her nipples."

"In my own defense, Michele did promise her assistance this morning," I managed as my fingers pulled her nipples taut.

"She can be deceptive, Jake."

"Yes, I'm beginning to see there's much more to Michele than meets the eye."

"You're so right there, big man. Now, with all respect, please shut up and fuck me hard."

My hips thrust upward to meet Suz's next downward slide, as my fingers twisted and pulled her nipples.

Suz's hips moved faster as my thrusts met hers. Her cheeks slowly turned a bright red and dots of dew crept onto her furrowed forehead. Sounds from Suz's throat replaced our words as she moved faster and faster. 

I stared into her eyes and she into mine, establishing a dual connection: one below and one above. 

She leaned forward, supporting herself with her hands on my shoulders. Her stroke against my groin lengthened, but her eyes did not leave mine.

A long, low, slow groan began deep within her body and increased in volume as it ascended through her throat and escaped out her mouth. The walls of her pussy tightened their grip on my cock and her voice wailed her arrival. I felt a contraction and another. I counted the first few, as they were the strongest. Gradually, the contractions lessened and then stopped altogether as did her voice and her motions against me. 

She collapsed onto my chest, her open mouth finding mine. She panted her hot breath into me, unable to do more. My tongue entered, finding her dry. As I traced a wandering route throughout her mouth, her moisture returned. Her tongue snaked into my mouth and explored beneath and around mine. My hands intertwined themselves in her wild, red hair, pulled, and tugged her head side-to-side.

Tears zig-zagged down her still crimson cheeks, as my mouth left hers and licked salt before returning home. My hands, still in her hair, pulled her head back as my mouth found her throat, where I licked and nibbled and sucked lightly. I released her head and our mouths rejoined as our tongues again played and dueled until she broke the kiss with a wide smile gracing her face.

She greeted me with a long, drawn out "um," as she licked her lips.

I proudly displayed my own ear-to-ear grin, no longer feeling out-of-place.

She pushed herself back into a sitting position, my rigid cock still inside her.

"May I be selfish?" she began.

I raised my eyebrows out of curiosity, waiting for her to continue.

"Can you keep that sequoia in its present state long enough for me to use the bathroom and make myself presentable?"

I chuckled at her request before answering, "Suz, you're already way past presentable."

"Spoken like a true man, Jake, but thank you anyway," she blushed.

"And as for my guy down there, he may be nothing but a sapling by the time you return."

"I'll bet I can encourage him otherwise," Suz bragged confidently.

"Oh, and Jake," Suz drew out my name as though she wanted something more. "Would you please go downstairs and get some of that wonderful coffee I smell?"

I smiled my answer and asked, "Plain coffee for you, Suz?"

"An enlightened man. Amazing."

"Am I going to be subjected to 'man' comedy now? I've got to get some answers about this lesbian thing."

I just grinned and helped Suz dismount. I climbed out of bed, found an old pair of shorts and pulled them on. I headed downstairs to the kitchen and saw two cups laid out for us atop a note which read, "Good morning, Jake. You were a  hard  good, hard man last night. LOL I'm off to retrieve a few things. Be back soon. Eagerly, Michele."

Michele's note brought a grin to my face. Before I poured our coffee, I found the downstairs bath and spiffed up a bit. I brushed my teeth, returned to the kitchen, poured two cups, and carried them upstairs. 

I met Suz as she was exiting the bathroom and handed her a cup. She lifted hers, smiled her gratitude, and toasted all those who were yet to come this morning. I thanked her, considering myself likely to fall into the set of her toast. I added my own, "here, here," and we clinked cups before simultaneously taking our first sips of strong, morning brew.

Suz went directly to the bed, climbed up, lay on her back with her head off the edge of the bed, looked pointedly at my shorts, grinned, and asked, "May I put some life back into that, ahem, sapling, Jake?"

"Which is it, Jake: questions or a blow job? Hm, I really need Michele here for the questions."

I shucked my shorts and entered soft. My hands found the bottom of Suz's head as her hands found the back of my ass. She pulled first and lips met pubes. Suz was not one to back away. Her head twisted, her throat vibrated, and I grew. Before long, I extracted from her mouth one fully rigid cock. 

Grasping my cock near its base with my right hand, I gave Suz a few friendly smacks of hard cock alongside her cheeks and forehead. I traced a figure eight around her eyes and over the bridge of her nose. I wrapped myself in her hair and slid against the bottom of her head, my own cock's head tickling the back of her neck. I moved to her side, drew back her hair and traced the perimeter of her ear, causing Suz to moan her approval in the same manner a Star Trekian Ferengi would beg for more stroking of its most sensitive erogenous zone.

Suz opened her mouth, inviting me back. I was in no hurry, so I fed her only the head of my cock and began fucking with that sensitive inch. She tried with only her mouth to gobble more, but from her position, she had no ability to force me deeper. She grabbed again for my ass and tried pulling me into her. I resisted. 

Finally, she pushed me away, but just long enough to demand, "Fuck my face—please, Jake."

"Hm, that's an interesting invitation, but let's slow it down just a bit."

"Would m'lady like more?" I asked with the lilt of mock chivalry.

Falling quickly into character, Suz answered, "Oh, kind sir. I am but a poor, helpless maiden lured into your bed and there abandoned by her wicked lover. Please, sir, have your way with me; do with my body as you will, but first, if you would be so kind as to grant me one minor favor."

"What favor would that be, unfortunate, helpless wench?"

"Allow me the singular honor of immersing that colossal and mighty shaft, at which I'm staring so longingly, deep inside this dainty and unworthy mouth."

Breaking character now, I relented, "Ah, Suz, how could any, ahem, man, resist you?" 

She opened her eyes a bit wider for emphasis, met my own, and answered with only a scoffing, "Ha."

I gave her what she desired and with my hands beneath Suz's head, we soon found a mutually comfortable rhythm. I stood above her and stroked her mouth and throat leisurely. I drove my cock to the depths of her throat. She took me easily. I slowly pulled out and thrust again. Her hands at the back of my ass encouraged my pace. 

Suz's mouth was exquisite. She was warm and wet. Her mouth, tongue and throat stimulated every tiny millimeter of my cock, as though millions of tiny bubbles constantly popped as they slid across my delicate skin. As I struck bottom, her nose tickled my perineum, and my balls slapped her cheeks. These added stimuli were slowly bringing my cum to a boil.

At the same time as Suz's mouth stimulated me physically, I experienced my first real opportunity to be visually stimulated by her body. There she was, completely naked and laid out before me as though she were a feast for my gluttonous eyes to devour.

Bright crimson dotted the tips of her toes. They appeared to be eminently suckable toes. I filed that assessment for later experimentation.

Her legs were even better than I'd imagined when I'd stared at them in the bar the night before. Lightly tanned, lightly muscled and slightly longer than expected, I knew they were good legs, well cared for legs, legs accustomed to exercise, legs of which any owner would be proud. Smooth and sensual, I easily could picture those legs wrapped around either my waist pulling my body into hers, or around my neck trapping my face against her pussy.

Those legs met in a vee at a place she keep either shaven or waxed or whatever women do. I recalled my mouth's enjoying not only unobtrusive labia the night before, but also more than a minor nub immediately above her lovely lips.

While Suz's stomach could not be described as, abs-of-steel, with her being laid out in this fashion, it was flat and almost devoid of extra weight. An excellent stomach, I concluded. 

Her breasts, as I already knew from the night before, were quite real and not enhanced by the marvels of today's surgical techniques. They weren't large and they weren't small. Her nipples didn't stick out in rock-hard, two-inch points. They were, though, a full yellow number 2 eraser head, but with a slightly crinkled texture. 

Her skin was clear, but for a few freckles left over from the summer. She was tanned where a modest woman might be tanned and untanned elsewhere.

Her lips were neither pouty nor thin. Yet they, like the rest of her body, were good lips. They were kissable lips, as I already knew oh-so-well from the kisses we'd shared both this morning and the night before. 

Although I couldn't see Suz's smile, what with her mouth's being stuffed full of cock, I knew her smile matched the rest of her body. It could be professional, teasing, inviting, stand-offish, or just plain sexual. I recalled my first look at her face from a few minutes earlier this morning. Her eyes had smiled showing small lines of experience at their corners. Her lips invited something far beyond a chaste kiss.

Then there was her hair. It was sensual hair, dark-red hair, more or less shoulder length hair, thick hair with a kinky wave. It was hair that caught a man's eye and made him want to grab it and pull it and run it through his fingers, but moreover, Suz's hair made a man wonder about the person topped by that hair.

My mind's exploring Suz's body made me want to taste her just as she was tasting me. My almost-ready-to-explode balls reminded me that perhaps a respite from Suz's advanced, oral stimulation might be in order.

"Your turn," I announced.

Something unintelligible sounded from Suz's stuffed throat.

Not waiting for further answer, I pulled myself from her mouth and lifted her head and shoulders from beneath. I slid her torso clockwise and made a quick grab for her legs. I pulled those legs to the edge of the bed previously occupied by her neck and shoulders. With Suz's ass extended slightly off the bed, I knelt, lifted, separated and did all that stuff necessary to open her for my viewing, touching, pinching, probing, pulling, licking, nibbling, and even biting pleasure.

Her moist, pink skin shimmered as did the sun's reflection across the tips of a warm, spring evening's Lake Michigan waves.

My first touch excited my taste buds as I stole a long, slow, gentle, tangy lick across her anus, over her pussy, and on upward to her clitoris, where I lingered. I gave her two more identical licks, just to let her know I carried no phobia about her body parts.

I retreated to her thighs and stroked with fingernails, while my mouth licked, sucked, and nibbled. Suz may have wanted a quick cum, but that wish wasn't to be. She'd already cum once this morning and it was a time to tease and delight, well, to tease her and to delight me. I especially enjoyed her small quivers as my teeth or nails struck a particularly sensitive nerve.

My mouth and fingers traveled up the inside of her left thigh from her knee to her pussy. They traced the same path along the inside of her right thigh. I paid particular attention to that nerve-laden crease between each thigh and her groin. I didn't hurry, preferring instead to take my time and enjoy her body's reactions.

Suz's sounds, coupled with my occasional glances at her serene face, confirmed that I was moving on an acceptable track toward bliss.

It was time to escalate matters. 

My lips found nether lips and carefully sucked first one and then the other into my mouth. My teeth nibbled along each labium. As I sucked and nibbled, she offered her appreciation with approving sounds and motions, each stroking my ego.

I abandoned labia in favor of the long valley between them. I licked slowly up and back, stopping occasionally to penetrate an open and inviting pussy. As much as I wished to attack her clitoris and bring her to an intense and almost instant orgasm, I avoided at all cost that small pleasure point.

My tongue slid lower and encountered a puckered anus. I licked: quick licks across her anus and slow licks around her anus. I bit at the cheeks of her ass only a fraction of an inch from the rim of her anus. I traced circles around her anus. I hardened and rolled my tongue and tried shoving it into her anus. It wouldn't penetrate. 

I wet a finger in her now overflowing well-of-cum and slid that finger into her anus. I moved my finger in a circular motion, trying to enlarge her hole, while drawing another moan of encouragement from Suz. I pulled the finger, immediately tried to insert my hardened tongue and was rewarded with what felt like a centimeter of success.

Backing off, I wet a second finger and inserted both into Suz. Again, I twirled those fingers. I spread those fingers. I pushed those fingers deep, well past their second knuckles. More moans. Perhaps a slight pump of her hips. I rolled my tongue as tight as I could. I invaded and breached her defenses. I had a full half-inch inside Suz's ass. 

"Oh, Jake, that is so nice," Suz complimented, drawing out the word so for emphasis. She continued, "What are you possibly doing back there?" 

I withdrew my tongue and answered, "Don't you worry about that, Suz. Just relax and enjoy."

Immediately, my tongue was back at the entry to Suz's ass. I successfully pushed it in and withdrew it. Back in and withdrawn again. With each push, I slid in easier and deeper. I pressed my mouth to Suz's anus and forced my tongue as deep as it would plunge causing clear shutters from beneath.
