 Later that evening.

"Threes a crowd, but fours just right," Jen laughed as the door bell rang. She quickly slipped out of the room to and answer it. Today had been the greatest day of my life, but I was completely unaware as to what would come next.

"Wonder what she's up to?" Chris said, handing me a bear.

"Well, it can't get any more unusual than today has been can it?" I laughed.

Chris shook his head. We'd spent the rest of the day exchanging fantasies that we all had. I'd never seen this side of my friends.

The door popped open and Jen stepped back into the room, wearing only a small shirt and some very short shorts. We hadn't found time to get our clothes back on and it seemed me and Chris were comfortable enough in our shorts.

"Well boys. I have a surprise for you. Meet Claire" Jen pronounced.

Suddenly somebody else slipped into the room to stand beside Jen. "Hi" she said, stepping forward to shake my hand.

I looked her up and down in amazement. She was short and very petite with reasonable sized breasts. She had long blonde hair and green eyes and a cheeky smile that made me want to melt.

"Pleased to meet you" I managed.

"Well shall we get started?" Jen asked eagerly. She had definitely taken a shine to this new activity.

"Ok what first?" I asked, unsure about what to do.

"Allow me" Claire answered. She slowly removed her top and then her bra, allowing myself and Chris a great view of her tits. "Down boys" she said, shooting us a mischievous smile. "This is ladies time."

She walked smoothly towards Jen then wrapped herself around her sliding her tongue into Jens mouth. Jen seemed shocked at first but seemed to be enjoying having another girl all to herself. She was soon fidgeting with the zip on Claire's jeans.

"Eager aren't we?" Claire whispered seductively. She was in complete control. "Take a seat" She ordered, nodding in the direction of my couch.

"Yes mam" Jen said, giggling loudly. She slumped onto the couch curling her fingers under her shirt and pulling it off, tossing it at myself and Chris.

"Good girl" Claire said dropping to her knees. She reached out and began slowly tugging Jens shorts off. Once they were off she turned to look at us. "Come on, get a bit closer or you'll miss the show."

We didn't need telling twice. From where we were stood we could see everything. Claire was soon working Jens pussy.

"Ohh God!" Jen cried out.

Claire looked up at her. "You like that do you?"

"Ohh yes" Jen quickly replied.

To our disappointment Claire stopped and sat beside Jen on the couch. "What we need Jen," she said sliding off the remainder of her clothes. "Is a show ourselves. What do you say boys?"

Chris turned to face me. "Well last time you did suck me, so how about I return the favour?"

I'd always fantasised about this and it was about to happen. "Sure thing"

Claire and Jen both gave us a round of applause as Chris began taking off my shorts. He took me into his hands and rubbed me gently. "Here goes" he said as his lips slid over my head.

"Wooo, go on Chris!" I heard Jen yelling. I looked over at the girls who were enjoying watching us but also enjoying each other at the same time.

"Ohhh, I definitely want a go with Mike" Claire mumbled through her ecstasy. "There are so many things I want him to do to my body"

"Tell me when darling" I yelled over, almost completely forgetting about Chris.

"When! When! OHH Fuck me Mike"

Chris stopped and let me slide out of his mouth, giving me a wink as I stepped towards Claire who sat with her legs wide open. "Take a seat" she ordered.

I squeezed in between her and Jen. "So where do you want me?"

"Inside me" She moaned hooking her leg over. I felt my cock slip into her warm wet pussy and just sat there as she slowly rode me. "You make a great first impression Mike" She mumbled loudly.

"He does doesn't he?" Jen replied, pressing against me. Her tongue was soon wrestling with mine and I began to fondle her tits. She began pulling me down so that I was soon laid out length ways across the couch on my back.

Claire continued bouncing up and down on me gasping for breathe. I rolled her onto her back and began pounding her. Her legs wrapped tightly around me as we began to speed up.

"Mind if I join?" Jen asked.

"Be my guest" Claire cried out.

Jen smiled at me as she climbed on top of Claire's face. I began sucking on her nipples as the three of us moved and groaned together. The urge to cum was overwhelming me as my cock slammed harder into Claire. Her muffled cries emerged muted by Jens pussy. 

"OOhh God" Jen cried as she climbed off Claire's face.

"Nearly there?" I asked Claire, moving my lips against hers. She could only nod and I took her moans as the sign. I came into her damp pussy and continued to fuck her until neither of us could move.