 I was 19 and just home for the summer after my freshman year at college. There was this older man that had always flirted with me most of my teen years. Mac was about 58 now. I always teased him with my short, shorts and very short skirts. You know, bending over and letting him get a look at my goodies. 

He was up town when I saw him today. As usual, he asked me when I was going to let him get a closer look at what was under my short skirt. I told him, "how does tonight sound?" He got this big smile on his face and asked me if I was being for real. I told him I was very, very serious.

That night at about 9:00, I knocked quietly on his door. He opened it and had this hot look in his eyes. I'm sure he wasn't really expecting me to show. He invited me in and took me in his big strong arms and started kissing me. I moved my hand to feel his cock, it was already very hard. I told him to let me help him out with that. I stepped back and unbuttoned his pants and unzipped them. I started pulling them down as I got on my knees in front of him. I took his big, hard cock in my hand and started stroking it. I raised it up and started licking his balls with my hot tongue. Then I took his cock in my hot, wet mouth and started sucking it. He was soon pushing it in and out, in and out, in and out of my hot mouth. Within a very few minutes, he had cum in my mouth.

I got up and kissed him on the lips. I knew he could taste his cum on my mouth. Then, I asked him if he liked the way I sucked his cock. He was very weak in the knees by now. He said he loved it and that this was the first time anyone had ever done that for him.

He told me that he wanted to see me again very soon. I told I'd be back on Saturday night. I was very excited when I knocked on his door on Saturday. I noticed a car in the driveway and thought he might have some company. When he opened the door, he had this very big smile on his face. I asked him what was up and he said that he had a surprise for me. He told me that he wanted to make sure that I got satisfied this time so he had invited his nephew, Jon over to help him please me. Just then, Jon came up the hall and had his son with him, Mike, who was about 18 or so. 

I started to smile and asked my friend if all of this was for little ol' me? He said, yes I thought you might be able to appreciate three generations at once. Little did he know that I had always wanted to have 3 or 4 partners at one time. However, I was blown away to discover that I was getting three from the very same family.

I sat on the couch between Mack and Jon. I started kissing Mack as I ran my hands up and down both men's legs. I started touching their cocks through their pants. I then told them both to get these things off so that we can have some real fun. I stood up and started undressing with them. I did everything slowly so that they didn't miss any of the good stuff. As I took my bra off and my size DD's flopped out, I could see that they were definitely breast men. I wiggled out of my very short skirt and to their surprise, wasn't wearing anything underneath. 

Mack sat down on the sofa first and then Jon. I got on the floor between Mack's legs and started giving him a blow job. When he got really hard, I moved over to Jon's legs and took his long, hard cock into my hot mouth. He told me to ride him. So, I got up and straddled him on the sofa. I slid my hot, juicy pussy down over his 9 inch hard cock. I was riding him like a he was a wild stallion. I was bouncing up and down, and up and down, over and over again. I was Cumming within a couple of minutes. 

I jumped off of his enormously delicious cock and slid my mouth over it again. This time I sucked it until he came in my mouth. Then I turned my eyes toward the young master Mike (18), and his young cock was throbbing as he played with it in his hand. I walked over to him and asked him if he'd ever had anal before, he shook his head no. I asked if he would like to, and he said "YES" very loudly. I told him to wait a moment while I got some lube out of my purse. I brought it over to him and told him use this and it will be a good experience for both of us. Mack was hard again by now so I told him to lie on the sofa and I straddled him and lowered my still wet pussy over his hard cock. Then I told Mike to come over.

As I was grinding my pussy on Mack, I told Mike (18) to enter my tight ass. He slowly worked his hard cock deep into my ass. He was soon ramming that big, hard cock all the way inside my tight asshole. His father (Jon) got so hot that he came and stood beside the sofa and slide his cock into my hot mouth. I was getting so hot having all three of these fantastic cocks banging into every hole in my body at once. I was in sex heaven... It wasn't long before Mike came in my ass. Next, Mack was Cumming hard in my hot, wet pussy. And then, seconds later, Jon was Cumming in my hot mouth. I had cum at least 3 times. I was still hot and couldn't wait for round two.

Jon (40) says that he has a few friends that he was sure would like to take me for a sexual ride. I ask him how many and he said you name the number and I'll bring them. I told him 10. I know that I need a lot of men to satisfy my sexual appetite. Well, that is another story....if anyone ever wants to hear it...