 Sitting around the house by myself one summer evening I could have hardly anticipated how dramatically my sex life was about to change. While enjoying a bowl of popcorn and watching The Martian, my telephone rings. It's a close friend, and he's with a woman, and they are both wanting to come over, have a few drinks, and hang out. Being in the mood for some company I agree and invite them over for a few cocktails as discussed. They arrive not long after we hang up the phone and even before the first round of drinks are finished she makes the recommendation that we get nude and spend some time outside on the back deck. I enjoy a strong woman that knows what she wants and also love being in the nude. So, with a strong, sexy female present wanting to get nude I was all game, regardless of there being another man present!

Now, you have to understand that I've wanted this woman for some time. She's a semi-professional golfer and has always kept herself in really good shape, her body is amazing and she's got gorgeous feet, legs, and her ass? My goodness, not only could one bounce a quarter off of it, but, I'd venture to say a half dollar bounced off her bottom would gain greater altitude than a quarter bounced off almost any ass around! So, I've always wanted to get my hands on her bare bottom and tonight seems like I might get my chance! The hang up is that she claims to be strictly lesbian but being that she is sitting around nude with two men one certainly might debate this fact, especially considering her pussy is starting to become visibly moist and most certainly when taking into consideration the full breadth of the evening. Tonight we're going to turn her on to bisexuality!

Talk quickly turns to sex and how she is a lesbian but is also attracted to the right type of man, a gentleman. We query her more about this and all of the sudden and without any warning she straddles me while I'm laying back in my chair. I look to our friend to gauge his reaction. He gives me a thumbs up and begins fondling his cock. While she is grinding her pussy into my exposed crotch she starts passionately kissing me, darting her tongue in and out of my mouth, telling me, "I've always wanted you to fuck me as you're not like all the other guys." At that I scoop her up and bring her inside, setting her down on the backrest of the couch, going down on her marvelous pussy, lapping away at her succulent, savory juices, enjoying the somewhat acidic taste of her snatch and the wonderful aroma her pussy is emitting. After a few minutes swirling my tongue around her labia I gently flick my tongue over her now very sensitive and engorged clit.

At this she arches her back and begins to grind her snatch into my face, bucking wildly. Me being a world class pussy pleasurer I grab her ass to ride out her throws, pulling her moist crotch tighter to my face, sucking as much of her puffy pussy as I can into my mouth while at the same time using rapid circular motions with my tongue to stimulate her clit. Noticing her head has fallen backwards and her eyes have rolled back into her head I decide to ramp things up even more. As she grinds her pussy aggressively against my mouth I allow her to slip from my mouth but maintain contact with her clit. I then insert my middle finger into her pussy and begin rapidly finger fucking her sopping wet cunt while working over her clit with my tongue. At this she lets out an audible sigh.

After working her pussy over real good I'm about to go nuts if I can't get my cock into her immediately. So I pause my box munching, position myself below her, and guide her soaking pussy down onto my now rock hard erection. She does not object one bit and as I slide in I'm taken back by the tightness of her delightful vagina. She takes control and starts riding my cock like a champ! Pulling her pussy all the way up and almost off my cock completely, she would look me in the eyes with a devilish grin and then slam her body back down onto my cock. Pure lesbian my ass, this girl can fuck! Numerous times this was repeated and I was in heaven being enveloped by her wonderfully silky snatch and being so vigorously fucked. After some time letting her ride away I needed to change positions as my leg was cramping and I just plain needed to fuck her, and fuck her hard! So I lift her up and place her ass back down on the headrest of the couch. In this position she was at the perfect height to receive a merciless pounding, and that's exactly what I had in mind!

I grab her legs and bring both of her magnificent feet to my face. I position them held together in front of my mouth and begin to softly plant tender kisses on the soles of her amazing feet, enjoying the smell and salty taste of her sexy feet now stimulating my taste buds and nostrils. As I am doing so I position my cock at the entrance to her moist love tunnel and begin to flick her bean with my cockhead in an up and down motion, allowing the head of my cock to periodically part her labia as I massage her pussy with my cock to get her wet and ready for some hard fucking. Once she is sufficiently wet I grab her legs behind her knees and push her legs back against her chest. She's now perched on the headrest of the couch with her pussy very exposed and ready for some deep dicking. I slap my cock against her amazing snatch and then slide my cock slowly into her moist and very tight vagina. I watch in awe as my cock finally parts her lovely lips and disappears into her pussy after having desired to fuck her for so long!

As I'm ravishing her pussy I tell her how good she feels and she replies back, "Oh Jon, I never thought I'd love cock so much, but, yours is filling me up so well and feels amazing, your penis is so hot!" I respond while injecting a bit of humor saying, "You know, you're now technically bisexual!" Little did I know what lied ahead for me in this area on this eve! At this she laughed and as she did so my cock was pushed from the confines of her pussy by her vaginal muscles contracting tightly due to her laughter. She and I both made a desperate attempt to grab my cock and place me back into her hungry snatch but someone beat both of us to it!

Having completely forgotten about our friends presence I'm taken back by his hand suddenly reaching between my legs, grabbing my cock and rubbing the head of my penis around her labia before putting me back into her marvelous pussy. It all happened so fast I had no time to react much less contemplate any sort of response. Having never been touched by another man I was a bit taken back, but, being that my cock was now back within this fantastic snatch I didn't give much thought to it at the moment. His rather forward approach to assist us in our fucking was actually appreciated the more I thought about it! Taking note of my response or lack thereof he then began to rub her clit as I was fucking her and would occasionally "accidentally" rub my cock or balls.

With only a few moments of this treatment she came hard. After her orgasm subsided a bit she pleaded with me to eat her pussy out again to help her cum once more as she was so close to cumming yet another time. I obliged without hesitation and with my face planted in her crotch she came wildly, squirming and squirting her cum onto my face in the process! Afterwards she explained that she had never done that before and was apologetic. I told her that it was amazing to see her body writhing so uncontrollably and to not worry about it one bit as I enjoyed myself immensely. Being that my face was covered in her tasty but tacky cum I suggested we take things into the shower. There were no arguments with this suggestion from anyone!

We move to the bathroom and as I'm turning on the water as well as am testing the temperature she drops to her knees and sucks my flaccid member completely into her mouth, cupping my balls in both of her tender hands at the same time. It didn't take much to get me rock hard again and we entered the shower with me playfully guiding her into the shower like a dog on a leash, her mouth gripping and pulling at my now erect penis as she crawls forward on her hands and knees. I didn't want to cum yet, and when I did cum I wanted it to be deep in her sweet pussy and told her this much. Hearing this she reluctantly released my penis from the grip of her mouth. She then further added to the eroticism of the moment by being a bit coy, acting disappointed and upset that she no longer had my cock in her mouth. This made me want to cum deep within her even more, she knew exactly what she was doing too. Again, strict lesbian my ass! Screw labels just do what feels right for you dammit!

As I'm finishing washing her up and am playing with her marvelous mammaries she puts some shampoo into my hair and starts to massage it into my scalp. It feels so good that I close my eyes to enjoy all the sensations. Needing to rinse the shampoo from my hair she guides me to the stream of water, at least that's what I thought she was doing! As I'm enjoying the water and her hands are caressing my scalp I feel something brush up against my cock. Thinking nothing of it as her hands have been all over me I allow the shampoo to rinse off completely before opening my eyes to investigate. As I am about to open my eyes a hand firmly takes my cock into its grasp. Opening my eyes I am unprepared for what I am about to see. Looking down after having cleared the water from my eyes, there I see one of my best friends holding my cock tightly in his hand. He begins to jerk me off and I'm somewhat dumbfounded by the fact that I am not pulling back in the least. Prior to this if you would have described to me this situation I would have told you I'd have punched him in the face. Yet that was as far from my actual reaction as possible. I was actually really enjoying the fact that he was stroking my cock and allowed him to continue his manipulation of my member.

She must have been enjoying the show too as she had brought her knees up to her chest and was giving her pussy one heck of a working over! I watched intently as he worked my cock but couldn't resist the urge to grab his cock too. So I stood up and grabbed his penis, bringing his cock closer to mine so as to rub our dicks together while I jerked us both off. This first time, this very first time my cock touched another mans cock was electric, that's the only word that gets proximal to describing the actual physical sensation of that first moment, a moment I'll never forget! As I worked our rigid cocks together I started fucking my hand with our cocks held tightly together in one hand, the sensation was amazing! Not wanting our female friend to be left out I used my free hand to work her clit over while she finger fucked herself. To say this was steamy does little justice to the scene, it was just plain and pure primal lust! As we all approached climax it must have been too much for him as he pulled away and quickly left the shower. She and I looked at each other a bit perplexed but we just smiled and continued to make out now alone in the shower. Wanting now more than ever to cum I suggest to her that we dry off and take things to the bedroom. She grins, takes my hand, and leads me from the shower, handing me a towel in the process. We quickly dry off and practically run to the bedroom!

Our mutual friend must have had the same notion as he was already in the bed stroking his cock. She laid down beside him and began to suck him off. As I'm watching I notice her legs spread open and I take this as a clear invitation to complete my nights mission, to cum deep in her fantastic pussy. As I kneel between her legs I watch her working his prick with her mouth as I stroke my cock to hardness, readying myself for the moment I've been waiting for all night. Heck, this is the moment I've been waiting for years to arrive, to cum in her succulent and supposedly strictly lesbian pussy! If you can't tell already, I'm not much into superfluous labels! Once I'm fully hard I begin to rub the head of my cock against her clit and she lets out a soft moan that's muffled by the fullness of the cock filling her mouth.

Once I'm nice and slick with her juices I place the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy and push just my mushroom head into her tight box. I then pull out and repeat, each time putting a bit more of my cock into her pussy, loving the sensation of my cockhead popping in and out of her vagina. After a few rounds of this I slowly allow my full length to slide into her, then pull slowly all the way back out. I do this a couple more times and then begin using three short strokes followed by one very deep, and powerful thrust which I hold deep in her pussy each time. While holding my cock deep into her vagina I use short circular motions with my hips to gyrate my cock within her pussy. The next thing I know I feel a warm sensation blanketing my crotch, she's squirted her juices all over me and her hot fluid is completely coating my genitals. Amazing!!!

Her cumming pushes me ever nearer my now imminent orgasm and as I watch she lets his cock fall from her mouth. To which I almost instinctively respond by cupping his balls in my hands as she continues to work his cock with her hand. I begin to massage his balls, loving the feel of another mans scrotum in my hand as I fuck her pussy. He must have been nearing orgasm too because it took no more than a few more strokes of his cock and minimal contact from me on his balls to set him off! Without warning his cock erupted his warm load all over both of our abdomens with me still inside of her. The feel of his seed mixed with our sweat and lubricating our bodies as we fucked was more than I could take, the eroticism of it all had reached its pinnacle and I was about to explode within her succulent pussy. My goodness I've waited so long to cum in her and the moment has finally arrived! With that I gave one last thrust and felt myself bottom out on her cervix, and could bear no more. As I hold my cock deep in her pussy I push my cock firmly against her cervix. This causes her pussy to clench down around my cock as she begins spasming in the throws of orgasm. That was all I could take and I started to shoot rope after rope of cum deep within her magnificent love canal. I literally passed out I came so hard!

We all must have been in a similar state as the next thing I remember I'm being woken up by an ass wiggling playfully against my crotch. I look over to gaze upon her, and as I do she looks over her shoulder at me while saying, "Good morning lover!" With that my cock twitches a bit and I begin to harden, my cock as well being woken up simply through her words and the subtle suggestion. At this point I decided to get out of bed to start a pot of coffee and freshen up for the morning. Upon arriving back into the bedroom I couldn't help myself, she had allowed her feet to come out from underneath the blankets and they were dangling over the side of the bed. It was a gorgeous sight with which to come back into the bedroom! So I got down on my knees and started massaging her feet. She wiggled her toes and let out a soft moan saying, "Ahh, that feels so good." This was music to my ears and was all the encouragement I needed to continue worshiping her lovely feet!

I took both of her big toes into my mouth and began to caress the underside of her toes with the soft underside of my tongue. After having encircled each of her big toes numerous times I then begin paying attention to the sensitive skin between her delectable toes. Once I'd given her big toes the attention I felt they deserved I moved on to giving attention to each of her perfect toes one by one, and then working my way back to her big toes. After giving her luscious toes some loving I began to massage the balls of her feet, firmly pushing against the arch of each foot with the palm of my hands, drawing my hands up towards her toes while maintaining firm pressure on her arch. As I'm doing this I begin planting soft kisses on the balls of her feet, followed by gentle licks. I'm so caught up in pleasuring her as well as in the wonderful smell of her slightly stinky feet that I didn't notice she had begun masturbating her pussy and was now dripping wet!

Upon taking note of this fact I slowly began placing tender kisses all the way up her legs towards her snatch. Upon arriving at her gorgeous pussy I placed a kiss on her hooded clit and gave her slit a quick lick, then began working my way back down to her other foot. Once at her foot I continued the same process of working my way back up towards her vagina. As I was on my way back up our bed buddy starts to move around, he must have sensed what was going on as I could clearly see the tent his cock was forming as it pushed up against the bedding. "Good morning, I see someone's awake and in a good mood!" I say to him as I begin to give her clit a good tongue bath. "Coffee's done man if you want some." I tell him while continuing to relentlessly work over her clit. She then puts her hands on my head and holds me still. She then says, "I want your cock in my mouth now!" So I crawl up to her and kiss her on the lips then climb on top of her, positioning my cock and balls just above her hungry mouth.

It must have been quite the sight for our friend to walk in on because when I noticed him in the room he was holding a cup of coffee in one hand, his rock hard cock in the other and is stroking off while watching us make out. This sight must have sent her over the edge as the next thing you know her thighs are wrapped tightly around my head as her convulsions hit in the throws of orgasm! Once her orgasm subsided and I had climbed off her face she tells me, "You sure know how to eat some pussy. You're up there with some of my lesbian friends you know!" "What can I say, I am very oral!!" I tell her in reply, not yet fully aware of the ramifications of those words being spoken aloud.

This must have piqued the interest of our friend as he began walking towards us, his hard cock tossed side to side with every step. Having dismounted her face I'd laid my head on her thigh and was taking in the sight and sweet aroma of her pussy. He laid down beside her and his penis came to rest on her other thigh, just inches from my face. I'd never seen a penis up close before and was taking in the spectacular sight. The texture of his cockhead, how his balls were held so tightly against his body, and the pearl of precum that had accumulated at the tip of his member all surprisingly got me hot. I was so turned on having his dick this close to my virgin mouth I began wondering what he tasted like, how he would feel in my mouth. Gazing at his cock now within reach I couldn't hold back my desire to suck his cock any longer and started to move my mouth towards his manhood almost involuntarily. He must have noticed my intent because he arched his back, which gave me unfettered access to his marvelous member. As I got nearer I began to smell the manly, musky scent now emanating from his balls, and took note of the incredible amount of heat radiating from his rod. It was incredibly intoxicating!

Now just an inch from my hungry mouth I grab his cock and begin jerking him off and am loving the sight of his cock so close to my face. Having taking note of the incredible amount of precum he's leaking I decide I need to taste him and place my tongue into the droplet of precum that had accumulated at the tip of his penis. For a split second I ruminate on the wonderful taste now filling my mouth and the scent of his genitals wafting through the air. I'm amazed at how hard I've become! As I continued to admire the hard cock in my face the urge to suck him into my mouth became too overwhelming. As I continue jerking him off I slowly begin wrapping my lips around his cockhead. 

At this he gasps and while looking down at me he says, "Ohh, that's your mouth, my goodness it feels wonderful!" Again, that was all the encouragement I needed! Without any hesitation and now curious as to how much I can take of his prick in my mouth I go down onto his cock as far as I could go. As he hits the back of my throat I can feel his spongy head enter my throat followed by his rigid rod. I nearly gagged but found I could control my gag reflex pretty well. Having never sucked a cock I had to think about what I should do to him next, about all of the things I like someone to do with my cock in their mouth.
