 It was some time after we had our sessions where my wife fucked three men. We both thought of it fondly in the past, and talked about them in a happy joking married way. We did not think about it for the future. Then she got a parcel from abroad. It was from Dick. Inside was a rubber cock and a Christmas card. "Moulded on me" it said. "Happy Christmas".

"Oh no," she said. "Is he expecting to come here? Frankly I'd rather have all three than him by himself. A threesome with him and you? No thanks. What shall we do? I don't want him turning up with expectations."

"We'll just have to give him a drink and a mince pie and send him on his way. Tell him you're happy with his dildo, but you're not doing that anymore."

A week later, I got an email from Tom. "Just asking, is the Christmas visit on? OK either way for us. The only dates we are around together is..." For some reason, I did not just send a reply saying no.

As I thought about it during the day, I got really hard. But did I want it? More to the point, did she? I agreed that it was better to have all three than just Dick. But would they then be expecting more? And did I really want it? Did I?

That night I told her.

"So I shall just tell them no, shall I? It's all over."

"Yes, of course," she said, but there was some sort of catch in her voice. Was she looking wistful?

We then began the game of "only if you want" "no, only if YOU want". Finally we decided to sleep on it. But then we both made love so passionately, it sort of suggested something. I woke about 4 a.m.. She was not there, but I could hear the buzz of the vibrator in the bathroom.

"I think you sort of fancy the idea," I said when she came back to bed.

"It looks like you do as well," she said, grasping my erection. So we made love again.

We decided that we were not establishing a regular meeting, and they could only come if they were truly single. I thought Tom was honest and would not lie to us. So I said yes.

The day before, Tom telephoned to say that Dick's plane had been delayed because of bad weather, and probably would not be here before the weekend. Did we want to wait till he got over?

My wife gave the thumbs up and said "No, the same date. I will have my three cocks," and I realised with delight that she was including me. "Even better," she said when I put the phone down.

On the day, a car drove up and three men got out. "I hope it's all right," said Tom. "We thought your wife might be disappointed, so we brought along Kevin." And he introduced a rather well built smiling black man. "Oh," said my wife. "Pleased to meet you."

Over lunch, Kevin told us about himself. He worked in the same area of contracting, and was well known to the others. He assured us that he did not have a wife and had no steady girlfriend for a while. In the kitchen we spoke together in low voices. "I don't like this," she whispered. "It was one thing with three guys who worked together, and who you knew well. I don't want this getting out or Kevin thinking he can invite friends over."

I called Tom into the kitchen and expressed our concern. "I think we should call it off," I said.

"Well," answered Tom. He already knows about the plan, and I trust him. I think he is more likely to tell folks if he is not invited. He knows about using condoms and to stop when told to stop. We told him this is a once in a lifetime situation, and he did have a rather bad time recently, so this would make his Christmas." For good or ill we decided to carry on.

"So where do you want to go in order?" she asked. "I tell you what, we will have Kevin to replace Dick and you go in any time you decide, whenever."

She did not flirt with them, but played the hostess again. For Kevin's benefit, she repeated the rules she had given the first time. When everyone had digested and been to the toilet, we all took showers, and sat together on the bed. Four naked men, waiting to serve one woman. I think there was a bit of confusion and perhaps nervousness, as none of us were erect, so I did not feel ashamed that I was only half hard. I didn't know whether I was pleased or disappointed to see that Kevin's cock was about the same size as mine. So much for popular myths!

Then she came in, still dressed. "Do you want to go first, darling?" I shook my head, and the thought made what erection I had fade away. "Hmm," she said looking at the drooping dongs, and quickly undressed. She took Tom's hand, led him to the middle of the floor, and held her gorgeous body against him. "Clear the bed," she said, and we obediently got off. She moved around and they caressed until he was fully hard. The other cocks in the room also rose, but Kevin's was still only at half-mast. (This may be a disappointment I thought, and tried not to look at it.) Tom fondled and sucked her boobs until she pointed to the condoms and the jelly and he prepared himself.

This time, she bent over the bed and wiggled her beautiful ass at him, so he did his trick of rubbing his cock along her slit for a while, before beginning to enter. Then out again and in, teasing her before going the full length. His hands roamed around and he whispered to her as he slowly built up the speed and force of his thrusts. "Oh, yes!" she said quietly.

He continued steadily for what seemed quite a long time before starting to vary the angle and direction of his thrust, and we could see her responding. "He knows what he's doing," remarked Kevin, as she began to give little pants and moans. Her passion was rising as we watched fascinated. But Tom had had a standing start with no foreplay, so it would have been quite an achievement to make her come so quickly, and it was him who was groaning and pushing deep as he unloaded.

Harry was fully ready and took his place like a shot. "Yes, yes, yes! Oh yes!" she said triumphantly as he thrust in. He was soon up to full speed, and there was no doubt she was enjoying it and was getting more and more excited. "Here I come," she gasped and a few seconds later was shaking and groaning, as Harry raised one fist to celebrate his success. He tried to keep going, but the sight and feel of her orgasm must have been too much, and he too was groaning and bucking. She hadn't quite finished so they rode it together. 

Kevin looked at me and gestured towards the bed. "No, no," I said, "After you." He quickly went for a condom, and I was startled. I hadn't noticed his member rising. Although about the same as mine when limp, it was now much larger.

The object of all our lust stood up as Harry got out, and looked around. I think she also looked startled at the black truncheon approaching her. "Jelly," she said, pointing to the tube and lay down with her legs apart. He obediently applied it and climbed on. He hadn't been told not to, so he started to suck her nipples, but she didn't seem to mind. Then after about a minute she said "Slowly, Kevin, give me that cock."

He was probably used to this, so got on his knees and raised her legs and started slowly working the head in. Thank God he had the jelly. She was frowning, panting a little and making little noises as she tried to relax and let him in, but he was finally there. "Phew!" she exclaimed. "That is a cock and a half!" He began to go in and out a little, but it must have been a few minutes before she was relaxed and stretched for him to start going in and out fully. Slowly he increased the speed and thrusts. "He knows what he's doing," remarked Tom. Then she was writhing in pleasure, grabbing the sheets and him and speaking incoherently. I think she must have had at least a couple of orgasms, though it was hard to tell. Anyway, there was no doubt here was a woman being seriously fucked and seriously pleased.

I looked around and we were all open-mouthed at this incredible sight.

Finally, he started bucking and they both held on tight, as he spasmed for a long time.

"Over to you," said Tom.

"I can't follow that," I said.

Kevin pulled out his giant dick with a big bag of sperm on the end. I suddenly thought I'm glad it didn't burst. She lay there motionless, breathing heavily. I went over to her. "Darling," I said, "are you all right?"

She opened her eyes "Oh, it's you. In you come."

"I think you deserve a rest. But are you OK?"

"I think you're right. Am I OK? Absolutely fantastic!"

"I love you," I said, and sat and held her hand, my erection already drooping, as the others left us.

After a few minutes she said "And I love you too. That was great."

"Happy Christmas, Darling," I said as I kissed her. She looked tired but very happy.

A few minutes later she sat up and said "Really, really great." And she hugged me, and I knew I loved this woman and she loved me. I was strangely happy to see her satisfaction, even though it had come from three other men.

"Oh, by the way. I think I'm going to get another dildo. Now join the others while I clean up."

So I pulled on my tracksuit bottoms and top, and went downstairs where the others were half-dressed in their street clothes. Kevin looked worried and Tom called me to one side. "Is she OK? Should we call it a day?"

"I think she's fine," I said to everyone. "We'll let her decide if she wants any more. Just relax and have a drink."

"I'm driving," said Tom.

About half an hour later she came down in a new dress, spick and span, and looking radiant.

"Thank you, gentlemen, for the first act. I'll let you know when the second starts."

Tom called me into the kitchen. "I think you should go first," he said quietly.

"Thanks, but no. I'll sit this one out as well. Three cocks is just the right number, not four."

So we chatted and snacked. At one point she whispered to me "Kevin is quite something, isn't he? And he seems such a nice guy. I'm glad he came." Then she laughed. "I'm glad we both came!" I have to say he was a fit looking man, and yes, seemed very pleasant, but began to wonder if this might be the start of something else.

In a while, she announced. "I am just going to have a few words with my husband before we start again." And took me upstairs, where we sat on the bed.

"What did you want to say?" I asked.

"Nothing, now make out with me."

"What?"

"Make out with me like teenagers and get me excited."

So I kissed her long and deep, as we held each other close. (It had been a long while since we had had more than a peck, I realised. I should do this more often.) We continued and I began to fondle her breasts through the dress. I nibbled around her neck (which I knew she likes, but hadn't been doing lately), then went back to kissing. She pulled down her dress and directed my head down to her boobs, which I nuzzled for a while before starting to suck her nipples, one then the other and back again, while appreciating the other with my hands. She put her head back with her eyes closed. (I must definitely do more of this.)

We were both in no hurry, but then she took my hand and moved it down to her pussy, which I was pleased to find was quite wet. I started moving my finger around the clit, not touching it, just going around, as she likes, and felt it begin to swell. She grasped my by now rock hard erection and began pumping gently. It was so pleasantly personal as well as being erotic.

She was starting to breathe a little fast, when she took my hand away, and pulled down my tracksuit bottoms, then started to suck and wank me. I didn't ask, I just lay back and enjoyed it until I came in a pent-up explosion, hard and with many spurts. She kept her mouth on my knob and swallowed it all, which she doesn't do normally. She milked the last bits out with her hand and sucked me clean.

"Now I'm ready. Cover yourself."

Stark naked she went to the top of the stairs and called out "Gentlemen, start your engines." I heard them hurrying as she stood there proudly.

Harry was the first one upstairs, and was rapidly undressing as the others came in.

"Now listen," she said. "You are here to give me cock, because that is what I want. Three cocks one after another. So just fuck me. Don't try anything clever to try and make me come, because it doesn't matter. I want to be fucked, pure and simple. Fuck, fuck, fuck!" She looked and sounded excited.

"Get ready, Harry!"

Harry was now sporting a fine hard-on, which he covered and lubed as she lay down, arms and legs open. He went straight in and was eagerly thrusting. "Good boy," she said tenderly, and stroked his face. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" Then she laid back to give herself up to cock. Our making out had definitely got her ready.

Although she said it did not matter, or perhaps because, it looked to me as if she was going to come, as she was breathing faster, and moving around a bit. She was well primed, and he had greater endurance the second time, so she was the winner in this race, going "Yes, yes! Oh fuck, oh yes!" and flushing with passion as she grabbed his shoulders. He continued to fuck and she kept moving her head around and writhed a little. I don't think she was coming, but staying close to it.

Then it was his turn to pant and say "Oh fuck, yes!" as he unloaded inside her, and it seemed more than a quick spasm, although it was his second. He paused for a moment and gasped "You're amazing!" before pulling out.

Tom was inside her in seconds and pumping away. Then he paused, and moved one leg over hers, then the other, so that her legs were closer together. Clever bastard! As he has the smallest cock, he had closed up her cunt a bit. However, after a minute she pushed him a bit to one side and got her leg out, and put him back between her legs. I guess she knew what she wanted.

In being clever, Tom had lost the moment, and she was no longer so close to orgasm as he thrust away. When he started to move around, she grabbed his buttocks to pull him in, and said "No, just fuck." He went on for a long time, and she didn't come, but seemed happy enough when he finally did. She was getting plenty of cock, that was for sure.

Out he came, and Kevin was ready to present his large dong. It seemed to go in more easily this time. She only frowned a little, then he was pumping and she said "Oh yes!" and stretched her arms luxuriously.

Having come not so long ago, I was not stiff, but still could feel the blood in my cock. This state of semi-arousal was the perfect condition to fully appreciate what I was seeing as my beautiful wife was served by a well-built black man. It was a wonderful sight to see his muscled buttocks moving steadily back and forth, and the large black piston vanishing into her pink hole, then reappearing. He was well up on his arms, so I could see her lovely breasts heaving, and the obvious pleasure in her face and movements. When he lowered himself down, her hands came round his back, and I realised by black on white porn is so popular. The colour contrast makes it so much easier to see what is going on.

Somehow I was in a state of love and happiness, seeing the love of my life being so pleasured in such a beautiful way. And Kevin went on so long!

Maybe she didn't care about coming, but she did it anyway, shuddering and making sounds more incoherent than words. I think she came three times, but was in a state of near ecstasy in between. I didn't know and didn't care. Then Kevin thrust himself in and stayed still as he discharged. I could see the pulsing behind his ball sack as he did so. She grabbed his buttocks to hold him in; then they both sort of collapsed. Kevin started to withdraw, but she pulled him back, and they lay together for a while. Slowly she relaxed, and he pulled out. She lay back wide open, the picture of a satisfied woman.

Kevin went to clean himself up as the others were getting dressed, and I went and sat on the bed. She had her eyes closed, and neither of us said anything. Then she opened them and I kissed her. Just on the lips, a token of love. Kevin came back to get dressed and she spoke. "I'll see you all downstairs in a while. Don't drive off before I have."

When we were alone I said "Happy, Darling?"

"Oh, yes."

"Satisfied?"

"Very much so."

"It wasn't too much for you?"

"No, it was just right."

"Happy Christmas, Darling"

"Happy Christmas," and she sat up and kissed me.

"So how was Kevin?"

"Just fine. I was prepared the second time, so I could just enjoy it. And no disrespect to you, my darling, but it was fun feeling his muscled body." It probably was, I thought.

"But I wouldn't want it every day," she added quickly. "Three cocks is good. A big one is nice for a change, but there's only one I want every day, and that's yours, my love." And she kissed and hugged me.

"Now go down stairs and entertain our guests, but don't thank them. I want to do that."

I went downstairs and of course the conversation stopped. There was a pause, then Tom began "We'd all like to thank you..."

"Don't thank me," I interrupted. "Thank her when she comes down."

"Your wife is an amazing lady," said Kevin.

"Yes she is, but tell her that."

Finally she came down in another dress (with underwear this time, it looked like), full makeup and her hair in place. They all started to speak, and she put up her hand and said "Just a moment," and handed me a sprig of mistletoe. "Come and get your Christmas kiss."

So I held the mistletoe and she kissed them all on the mouth and they wished each other Happy Christmas.

Again she had to stop them all speaking at once.

"I had a wonderful time," she said. "But I think you could probably tell that." And we laughed.

"And I think you guys had a pretty good time, too." She smiled and looked around at them.

"So I think we are pretty even in the thanks department. Oh, but I do want to say thanks for respecting my rules and respecting me. That made a big difference. But now we should all thank my wonderful husband who caused it all to happen." And she clapped, and they clapped.

"Finally, I have had something I never even dreamed of, which was better than I imagined. But I won't be making a habit of it. That's probably the end, so I won't be seeing you again." (Oh good, I thought. But then was it good? Did she say probably?)

"Tom, thanks for everything." (I knew what she meant)

Tom bowed slightly and said "It's been a privilege to be with such a wonderful lady. Your husband is a lucky man." Which she obviously liked very much. (How does he do it?)

"Harry..." but Harry cut in "I think you're amazing." 

"And beautiful too," he added.

"Why thank you, Harry. I think you're rather cute too. And you fucked me very well. It was really nice every time. I hope you soon find a steady girl who will appreciate it." And she kissed him on the cheek.

And he blushed. He had seen her naked. He had groped her. He had fucked her several times and watched other men fucking her. Now he was embarrassed?

"Kevin, what can I say but it's truly been a pleasure to know you. Goodbye and good luck."

"I think you're amazing and beautiful too," said Kevin. "Hope to see you around."

We were surprised. "Don't you work abroad?" she asked.

"Oh yes, I am only here for Christmas. But I am starting another contract in the New Year. A big 3-year building project not far from here. I will be looking for somewhere to stay."

Tom mouthed to me "I didn't know."

POSTSCRIPT:

Yes, Dick did turn up on the doorstep and we did give him a mince pie and a drink. My wife explained that the session had taken place without him, that she had wanted three cocks, not a lover, and that it was all over anyway. However, she was grateful for his Christmas present, which was giving her a lot of pleasure. "Oh, it really does," I lied, and he went away looking pleased with himself. We hope he finds another woman to put up with him, and told him in this in more encouraging words.

His rubber cock was some cheap smelly material, and she says she would always prefer a hygienic high quality product like the one she has. And in any case she has now bought the next size up.