 (It had all started when I got three friends Tom Dick and Harry, to fuck my wife. She got three in a row again at Christmas with Kevin in place of Dick. This is nearly a year later.)

In November we got an email from Tom, saying that things were the same for him, Harry and Dick, and asking to let them know if we wanted a visit, but would quite understand either way. When I reported this, she said "Yes, they can visit. It's only once a year, why not?"

They arrived as requested at noon, and she gave each of them a big kiss under the mistletoe we had in the hall; then brought them through to the living room. She was dressed in slacks and top, which may have disappointed them, but not for long.

"Now, my Three Kings," she said, "Welcome to our stable. Now you know the rules, it is for you to use your cocks on me. I won't do sucking, but as it's Christmas, I thought I'd give you each a handjob before lunch, if that's OK." They nodded. It certainly seemed OK. "One at a time, starting with Harry, and my husband will act as chaperone. Tom and Dick get a drink and mince pie if you like."

So Harry and I went upstairs where she was quickly naked, as was Harry, and his cock showed his approval. She had put a big towel on the bed and got him to lie down, and applied a handful of jelly.

"Ooh, that's a nice cock, isn't it, Harry? That's the best cock, that's why you're first. Not too big, not too small. Fits me perfectly. Goldilocks would like that cock. I certainly do. I'm sorry he has to wear a rubber, but that's the way it is. He doesn't have to, now. Why don't you show me how you spurt, and what you'd like to shoot into me? I would love to see it."

With similar encouragement he soon reached the end and she said "Good boy!" with every spurt (like you would to a dog) and "Well done! That was a nice big shoot from a nice big cock."

She asked for Dick next and got him to lie down the same. "Ooh, what a big boy! But I already know exactly how big it is in my hand because I've got his twin brother, haven't I? Do you imagine me with his twin brother in my pussy when you wank yourself? I bet you do! But his brother can't come, can he? This one can! Why don't you show me how he comes? Give me a big load, go on!"

Actually when he came it was not so much of a spurt as a dripping flow of thick liquid, but she praised it anyway.

For Tom, she sat on the bed and got him to stand. "Well here is the gentleman, standing up for a lady. Standing to full attention, I see. Let's see what we can do for him."

She did not talk much, but she sort of gave him his own medicine, by the variety of ways she wanked him. One hand, two hands, twirling, bending it down till it was probably almost painful, then back upright. She kept changing, giving attention to the spot under the head, pumping the shaft, lightly stroking the head. I think she was bringing him to the edge several times, then cooling down before he erupted, till finally she got him ready and said "Why don't you come on my tits? Come on my beautiful tits! Please come on my tits!" He duly obliged as she carefully directed his shots.

Was she getting back at him or thanking him? Probably both. She must have been taking lessons, but I decided I wanted a similar present in due course.

He went away and I noticed the sizeable wet patch where she had been sitting.

After lunch and a suitable recovery time, there was a difference, because I was also participating. She decided the order was Tom, Harry, me and Dick.

As before, Tom warmed her up and gave her the first orgasm. As soon Tom had come himself, Harry plunged in and gave her the second and nearly a third. As they had already discharged once, they were lasting longer. She was so near to coming, that it didn't take long for me to bring her to a climax, holding her and saying "I love you" before going on with the solid fucking which was the main aim of the exercise. However, I could not hold off and fairly soon was pumping quite a big load enthusiastically into her grateful cunt. Now Dick had to take sloppy seconds, which may have accounted for the fact that he pushed in fairly easily. (Or the fact that she was getting a lot of practice with Kevin and the dildo.)

And he completed his part of this phase of the project, going solidly like a piston pump, as she made sounds of appreciation. As he finally grunted his way through his ejaculation, she said "Oh, that was good!" with feeling.

She had had four cocks, not three. Looking at the clock, I saw that she had been fucking continuously for three quarters of an hour. How could she take it?

Dick went to the bathroom and the others trooped downstairs, and I sat on the bed. "Are you OK?" I asked.

"You bet!" she replied with a grin. Three cocks is still about right, but I am pleased I can take four so well. Giving them a wank really stretched it out. But yes, the client is satisfied."

Where did she hear that? Was it coincidence or did Kevin tell her?

After rest and recuperation she started another session. I decided to sit it out, and enjoy the spectator side of the sport. With only three of them it still took about the same time because they were lasting longer, but she was taking it like a trouper. When they had finished, she said "God, that was good! What a lucky girl I am to have so many cocks."

To save her trouble, we ordered in meals from a local takeaway, and then relaxed after dinner. I am afraid we talked about civil engineering quite a lot. 

At about eight o'clock, she asked "Could anyone manage another round?" (Remember they had already ejaculated three times.) Harry, of course was game, and Tom said he would try, but Dick said sorry, probably not. I was sure I could, since I had only come once before.

She reminded us that it wasn't important for her to come, only to be well fucked. We started with Harry, who gave a good performance, though he was tiring at the end and only managed one spurt. Then Tom, who I think had a little trouble keeping his erection and finally ended without having come himself, but after a good while. We asked Dick again, and he said no, so I plunged in, comparatively fresh and psychologically as well as physically pumped up. I realised that now I was the one being watched, but it seemed to excite me more. I fucked while she was on her hands and knees on the bed, then on her back, then standing bent over. I got into a sort of zone where I felt I could fuck forever, but then she was panting and saying "Yes, yes, that's it, Oh YEESS!" I could see her flushed and shaking and was suddenly not fucking forever, but shaking myself as I shot another load into her. And they cheered, (which was well deserved this time.) And someone said "What a woman!" and someone else said "Happy Christmas to you both!"

We collapsed and lay on the bed for a while, then quickly cleaned up, dressed and went downstairs, where she hugged and kissed each of them, then they each hugged me. "Thanks for everything, but it's time to go. Perhaps next Christmas?" Then after more thanking, they left in Tom's car.

"Has my darling been well fucked?" I asked.

"Oh yes."

"Very well fucked?"

"Yes, extremely well fucked."

"And you are sure you want some more?"

"I certainly do, my love."

So I made a phone call, and a few moments later, Kevin turned up to say Happy Christmas. We had texted him earlier and he had driven over and parked in a nearby street. Now he was here to stay the night.

So she was fucked again several times (including twice by me) that night and Sunday, and came several times. I don't know how many because I went to the spare room and got some sleep before enjoying her in the morning. So long as I was nearby, it was OK. And I am the only one with whom she makes love.

Next day she said "I have been a naughty girl this year! But I still got just what I wanted for Christmas. Thank you, Darling!"

"Yes," I said, "naughty but nice!" And I had what I wanted for Christmas too.