 Three in a Tent Made for Two: When she's dumped, three hot guys save the day. 

*

They were concentrating on their badminton game now, and had stopped glancing across at me. 

The lake glinted in the sun. The hills were a dove grey. Campers dozed or chatted outside the tents lining the field. Outside our A-frame tent, we sat in canvas chairs, my boyfriend Tim glaring down at his paperback as I watched the game, or rather the young men playing it.

Suddenly Tim flung down the book and his eyes flashed between me and the men. 

'So that's what it's about, is it? And I thought you were dressing to impress me.'

'Course I want to impress you.' I leaned to touch his upper arm, but he shrugged me away. Our voices had risen a little and the two guys had interrupted their game to look. Saddened at this latest outburst from Tim, I also felt an urgent need deep between my hips. 

Those boys were definitely easy on the eye. The taller one was boy-band pretty though with man-power in his physique. He had unruly dirty-blond locks and dark stubble. The other was stockier, his black hair not as long. They wore tight shorts and their white tee shirts were snug over their chest muscles. They resumed playing, nimble on their tanned toned legs, biceps flexing as they took swings with their rackets at the shuttlecock. 

Why were they still glancing my way? Here's why.

I'm big boobed with long legs and a curvy arse that balance things out. I'm a blonde and that morning I'd put more makeup on than strictly necessary. And the crop-top and denim cut-offs were also for the benefit of those guys. I hadn't stopped thinking of them since they'd arrived the previous morning. 

'Those two, you and me—why not?' I said, because it was time to lay my cards on the table—and I'm a greedy girl.

Tim stood, spoke, his voice loud. 'Go and have them then—but I'm leaving. They can give you a lift back home—when they've finished with you.' He went to the old Ford we'd hired and opened the boot. He got out my suitcase and dropped it at my feet. Then he got behind the wheel. 

'Tim' I wailed. He drove onto the bumpy track and out of the field. This wasn't like him. I wondered if my suggestion had struck a chord he didn't want to admit to. 

All the campers interrupted what they'd been doing or saying and stared. I felt embarrassed, while a little voice in my head said 'every cloud has a silver lining' because the two guys were striding over. 

My eyes filled up. I felt a churning inside that wasn't all anguish. 

'You okay?' the darker one said. He stood close, his brown eyes intent. My shoulder tingled where the pretty boy placed his hand on it. With his other hand he wiped back a stray lock from his forehead. 

'I don't know,' I said, chokingly. 

'That's too bad.' The dirty-blonde introduced himself as Alex. His friend was called Greg. Copping an eyeful of me, Alex swallowed, his Adam's apple moving his sexy thin leather neck cord. 

'Suzanne,' I said, wiping an eye and glancing at the tent. 'Looks like I'll be alone tonight.'

'It's tiny,' Greg said. You won't be, I thought: a sneaky glimpse at the shorts told me that. He was right about the tent: the sides sloped up to a low ridge pole. You could barely sit up straight in it. 

'How did you two fit in there?' Greg said. I looked at Alex, obviously the quieter one, and had a brief vision of an altogether different pair of items fitting into a space strictly designed for one of them. 

'It's bigger inside than you think—though not that big.'

A bit of a stunned silence after that. I asked if they'd like a drink. No reply for a second, then an awkward flurry of yeses and pleases. They'd been mightily distracted with me absent-mindedly hooking a thumb into a belt loop, the other fingers lightly pressing into the top of my thigh. 

I opened out a third canvas chair, got some cans of beer out of the cool box and we sat and drank—me in the middle. I told them I was going to university in October, a year late as I'd had to re-sit exams due to fucking when I should have been studying. I sighed. 'I'll be nineteen and a year older than everyone else.' 

'Clever girl,' Greg said, with a smirk, patronizing but it was his body I desperately wanted—and Alex's.

Alex was telling me he'd dropped out in his second year. 'We're 19,20,21—that's neat.' He said he was twenty-one, Greg a year younger. I learned they were spending the summer touring in their rusty transit van. 

'Think you'll get back together?' Alex had a mellow voice, a neutral accent—it distracted me from an absent-minded consideration of their admirable legs. Did they play football as well as badminton? His expression was tender, like he really cared. Yes, right, I thought.

'Doubt it,' I said. 'A major disagreement.' 

They waited. I thought, Now or never. 

'Over sex.' 

I noted a barely perceptible widening of their muscle-packed thighs. Obviously startled by my frankness, they maintained their cool. 

'Getting bored with each other.' My face was hot, not just from the sun. 'I suggested spicing things up a bit.'

'Oh? How?' Greg leaned in close, gave me a lecherous one-two—legs and tits. Conjecture in Alex's dreamy eyes as he stroked his dark stubbly jaw. Thoughtful, quieter than Greg—and you've got to watch the quiet ones.

'I thought of getting one or two others to join us.'

Alex said, 'Like . . . another couple?' 

I caught a look in his eye that was feral and thrilled me to the core. I considered my long painted fingernails. 'Well, a couple of guys.' Rather than quell the butterfly sensation in my stomach, two deep breaths just drew their attention to the expansions of my chest. I dabbed my dry eyes as if bitterly regretting my proposal to Tim. Alex patted my hand, Greg my knee. 

'Look, everyone's staring,' I said. They weren't actually. 

'Want to talk somewhere private?' Alex said. Both guys looked to the flaps of the tent entrance; another entrance was moistening fast. I gave a brave little nod.

I got down on all fours. My muscles felt tense and loose as I dipped my shoulders unnecessarily low. Other campers were interested again, hardly surprising as Alex and Greg stared with furious concentration at my upraised rear. They got down into position and followed me as I fed myself into the tent.

Hot inside, sunlight strained through the orange canvas. I lay back, head propped up on a couple of pillows. Alex crashed down on my left, Greg on my right. Aftershave and manly odors from both. Darting, almost nervous eye contact, between the three of us—then I smiled.

The restricted space seemed to make what was already big, bigger. I looked over the high curves of my cotton covered breasts to the heft of the guys' equipment outlined in their shorts. Fuck you, Tim, I thought, While these two fuck me. 

'Feeling better?' Alex said.

'She feels good to me,' Greg said, his palm on my bare midriff.

They began to stroke my damp hair, their faces serene and sexy. I was half in love with them both and could conceive no limit to what I would let them do to me. For now, Greg fed his forearm between my neck and the pillow and began to nuzzle my throat. Alex's hand slid up my belly and under the crop-top where his thumb met the abrupt mass of my left breast.

'It's too hot in here. Why don't you take your shirts off?' I said, sucking in a breath. Shorts too, I was thinking, but why rush? As if ordered to, they promptly sat up and pulled their shirts over their heads. I gasped at their broad, finely shaped and tanned shoulders, the rounded slabs of their pectorals. Not a spoonful of fat anywhere. I slid a finger under Alex's leather neck cord and drew him down to me again, a beckoning finger at Greg.

'You've not got like this playing badminton,' I said, my tongue running over the upper lip of my open mouth. 

Alex said they were 'gym bunnies' and I could believe it as their hard torsos pressed close, their dusting of chest hair tickling my flanks as they got down to nibbling my neck. Our breathing was loud, deliberate. Nibbling turned into a three-way kiss, their tongues overwhelming mine, getting deeper into my salivating mouth. The cocks in their shorts ground against my thighs as their hands snaked under my crop-top and began to tug it up and over my tits. 

'Oh, my,' Greg murmured, as the cotton unrolled off the summits of my boobs and my exposed nipples prickled in the hot itchy air. With my arms out of the short sleeves, they pulled the body of the shirt inside-out over my face. With no visual cues, I relished the hot breaths, then the hotter tongues exploring every inch of my primary assets. After a moment I wanted to see their ministrations. I cast the crop-top off my head and uttered a heartfelt, 'Yeah', looking past the spit-soaked aureoles around the turrets of my nipples to Greg's shorts twisted around his ankles, Alex's rope-tight around his quivering thighs, both their cocks grossly distending their tiny cotton briefs.

I lifted my bottom to assist the boys in dragging my cut-offs down from my loins to my feet, and off. 

'Got over Tim?' Perfect gleaming teeth in Alex's wide wicked grin—he knew damn well I had. 

'Who?' I said, my tongue wiping around my lips at the sight of their little briefs stretched to breaking point. They whipped them down with feverish haste and I got my first sighting of their dicks. Eight or nine inches apiece, they curved out from thick bases. Suddenly I was conscious of their fingers roughly tearing my damp panties down my thighs, down to my toes and off. With the last of my clothing cast aside, the boys wolfishly took in my curves, their gazes constantly gravitating to my wet gash. I repaid the complement, my attention burning into their meaty rods, my thoughts on the fun I was going to have with them. 

After that pause, I abandoned myself to their comprehensive caresses. I resisted the powerful instinct to fling my thighs wide—an equally irresistible instinct would respond and drive one of their cocks deep into the pink. For the moment I settled for an obtuse angle—the coat-hanger spread would come later. Having said that, I wasn't sure the boys would exercise self-discipline until then.

Sucking on a nipple each they sent currents of hot lust coursing through my body to my extremities. And feeling that unholy seepage between my legs, my resolve not to provide complete access just yet was wilting—unlike their dicks. Which would enter me first?

Alex pulled the pillows out from under my head. I tipped my head back further. Pointless delaying the inevitable. A lengthways stretch of my body was followed by a lateral as I lifted and then forced my thighs apart to the max. Greg was getting on all fours, then he was lowering his loins toward the welcoming bowl of my pelvis, his cock wagging lustily. 

Supporting himself on one elbow, a vicious grin on his face, he swabbed dick meat over my shaven pubes then pushed it lower to rub at the fleshy moist gates. They yielded and I groaned at the glorious meaty embedding within my slick warm walls. The flared head was burrowing in deep but hungry for more of this initial insertion I brought my thighs back further, bent my shins inwards. My toes pinched his buttocks. Painful, he let me know with a cry, but it did the trick in the form of another vital inch of him. We kissed violently as he withdrew then began to squander the total inches of his young manhood again and again. My hollers must have echoed off the stone walls of the camping field. I didn't care and pictured campers decorously pretending not to hear.

My pelvis brimful of Greg, my skin in a fever, I growled in his ear, 'Make it last, babe.' My fear he'd cum too quickly (though who could blame him?) dissipated as he settled into long deep and slower strokes. 

God, I'd almost forgotten about Alex. I noticed him now as his footballer thighs bracketed my shoulders. I looked up at him, at the wings of muscle under his armpits, the swell of his pecs. Before speaking might prove a problem I gasped, 'Something tells me you two have done this before.' 

'When we get the opportunity,' Alex said, that feral look again, his cock lowered, knocking my nose and chin. 

'We're looking for a third guy to make up the team,' Greg said, riding me steadily. 

'Tim would have been perfect,' I said, only time for a fleeting regret as Alex slid a couple of inches of hot rod between my full wet lips. My tongue explored the flared head, then went for the cum-slit. His pre-cum was a delicacy fit for a Queen. I levered him out so I could tell him so and tongue-tipped another droplet from the slit.

'Clear as gin,' I said. But the thicker opaque fluid was what I craved, and it would be dispensed in plentiful quantities if the sizeable cluster of his ball-bag was any indication. I tipped my head back and Alex delivered inch after inch over my hot yielding tongue. I tightened my jaw, my tongue and the roof of my mouth pressing hard, reluctant to let him withdraw. I relented, and his cock slid out, raw and wet. In again, deeper this time. A flicker of the gagging reflex before another sloppy pulling free. 

Greg was so fascinated by Alex's measured thrust, his own work had slackened. I reached and dug my nails into the tight round buns my toes had lately pinched. My cunt rippled up and down his dick. Tears leapt to his eyes like the ones I'd wept over Tim. Back on form now, his big fecund furry balls slapping against my perineum. 

We were sweating like fury, the air musky with it. 'Don't stop guys,' I said, my words distorted by what my mouth gleefully contained. I wanted the double shafting to go on for hours yet and at the same time my body yearned for completion, my orgasm coinciding with their thick seed pumped as deep inside me as it would go.

Arms reaching back to encircle Alex's waist, I felt his arse in its relentless rhythm. He gripped my rhythmically shaking tits. Greg reared up, his arms locked, pecs bulging, and let loose a string of drool that made warm contact with my left nipple. Taking his lead, Alex began to spit down; with weird glee they spat, my gleaming breasts heaving and rolling as I squirmed between the cocks anchoring me down. 

Greg suddenly halted his rutting. Alex withdrew. 'Hear that?' he said.

'A sheep,' Greg said, dismissively. 

'Or some dirty bastard listening in,' I said, liking the idea. A quick lap of Alex's balls, a reach and tickle of Greg's. 'Come on guys. I bet you've got spunk enough to float a model—'

'Boat' I'd meant to say, until Alex interrupted with his cock, evidently preferring me to suck than shape horny words. Spit-roasting me again, but the guys had some new trick up their sleeves, or rather between their legs. They began to coordinate their fucking. 

As Greg thrust in, Alex pulled out. With each complete withdrawal, I'd see a cock-head oozing pre-cum poised momentarily at my sticky mouth or labia. Alex going in as Greg pulled out, and vice versa, it was like they were sawing me in half down the middle. I imagined one solid rod of hard hot flesh running through me from top to tail. I widened my legs, knees pressing out the sloping sides of the tent. Anyone outside would take note, hear my girly moans of approval and know full well what the guys were doing to me. My face burned, Alex's and Greg's were flushed and raining sweat down onto me.

Soon their silent give-and-take ended, the regular rhythm broke up. Vicious thrusts now, Alex's only marginally gentler. 

'Yeah, give it to me guys,' I gasped around the succulent mouthful. 

'Yeah, give it to her, guys!'

A vague shock in addition to the sensations flooding my body. Seeing the concentrated lust on Tim's face, my dull unease ended. He struggled out his shorts and shirt double quick, then was edging his lightly muscled frame by us. 

'Your girl is hot stuff,' Alex said, quickening the pace again in my mouth. 

'Our girl,' Tim corrected. Fingers first, then his lips too on my tits. Pinching, sucking, nibbling. I wondered if my nipples would ever return to normal size. Number three in the male portion of the mix gave a new impetus to Alex's and Greg's rooting weaponry . This was definitely the home stretch. I'd think about the implications of Tim's return later.

Facing Alex, Tim straddled me, squeezing my tits around his cock. He was looking hungrily at my wet blowing of Alex. He began to work forward. I knew what he had in mind, and so did Alex who let me maneuver so I could accommodate them both. I took in that familiar taste and slender girth alongside Alex's thicker piece. Not entirely natural angles for their erections as their wincing smiles at each other made apparent. Bliss, the cock in my pussy and the double helping in my mouth. Proud of Tim, holding his own with these experts, I was surprised when he withdrew. Alec looked briefly puzzled too. I guessed Tim wanted to try a few more things in the little time left. 

Greg was increasing the pace and friction in my hot sucking cunt. Tim reached and fingered my clit with quick movements, bringing me a spasming climax. Greg felt it, went into overdrive as I jetted juice out over his balls and pubes. Tim cried out, his semen flying thick and fast to warmly splat on my shaking tits. Greg's greater squirting felt half a yard inside me. I gripped Alex's straining thighs and lost count of the sweet-scented spoonfuls he dumped an inch or two past my tongue.

I good minute before Greg and Alex pulled awesome lengths of slick meat free of my body. They collapsed against me. Tim wasn't nearly so wasted. He went out and returned with bottles of water. We sat up and drank. 

'Fuckin' crowded in here,' Greg said. True—and it seemed insanely funny. We laughed loud and long. Faint voices from outside, surely overcoming inhibitions and commenting on the noise of our ecstatic fucking and its aftermath. Far from caring, I still felt horny enough to envision a short rest and then the whole business again, with variations, and Tim of course, out on the grass. 

With a lazy stretch of my limbs, I looked at Tim with sympathy. 'I don't want to say, "I told you so", Tim, but . . .'

He smiled, looked sheepish. 'Sorry I lost my cool earlier. You know me better than I know myself.' 

After dressing, we went to the shower block and cleaned up then walked for a while up the lake. Later we ate and drank in the pub. Yokels at the bar ogled me and plainly envied the boys, a sixth sense telling them what we'd been doing that afternoon and that the night to come would be just as filthy. 

More so, as it proved. All my holes came into play as I'd originally wanted. Possibilities inherent in foursome fucking kept suggesting themselves. When we finally collapsed in exhaustion, Alex said we'd 'only scratched the surface'—a significant underestimation of our antics, I thought, but I knew what he meant. 

We slept and when I awoke, the sun was out again. I was alone in the tent. I quickly got dressed and went outside. 

Tim was talking to Alex and Greg by their white van. They came across. 

I was hurt at first. They embraced me one at a time. Tim said he'd decided to throw in his lot with the guys and their quest to find other girls as "amazing" as I had been. Tim had my number and promised they'd visit me before summer ended and I went to university.

I knew it was over between Tim and me—and in the nicest possible way.

Once they'd driven off in the creaking van I was at a loss—until about half an hour later. A car bumped into the field and parked in the spot vacated by Alex and Greg. Three fit, good looking lads, about my age I guessed, began erecting a tent. I was in the same revealing gear as yesterday. I lounged back in one of the canvas chairs and crossed my legs. 

It didn't take them long to notice me.