 Three cocks. That is what we finally agreed. My wife and I had been talking in a joking sort of way, as to how much it would take to satisfy a woman just by fucking. Not three cocks at the same time, but to be fucked by one man, then another, then a third. She had remarked that she was sometimes just warmed up when I finished. A second cock would probably do, but she thought three straight fucks in a row sounded about right.

Only a joke, but I have to say, I liked the fantasy, just thinking about her enjoying three men one after another. I thought about it from time to time, and always got hard.

Roll on the years, and we were in a bit of a rut. Not in a bad way. A comfortable life in all aspects if not exciting. We had a good income and a nice house with no children, as she had been sterilized. Then I began to think about the fantasy, and how it could be made to happen. Not really, but it was strangely satisfying to think how it could be organized, and I made a sort of plan.

Then by coincidence some things happened which made it a possibility. I asked her if there was anything I could do for her sexually, but she said she was quite happy with what we did, and we had a great life overall. I had bought her a vibrator and a dildo. She tried them out, but does not use them. "It's not the real thing," she says. 

"Is there anything I could do for you?" I asked.

"Not unless you get me three cocks," she said, adding quickly "only joking!"

But was she?

I work for a civil engineering company, and we use contractors for jobs around the world. One day a group of three men I knew were in the office and asked me to join them for a drink. I knew them as reliable workers and liked them as people, so decided to explore the possibility. I will call them Tom, Dick and Harry. 

One of the difficulties with the work they do around the world on contracts is that it tends to limit steady relationships. Chatting as men do, I learned that Tom's girlfriend had married someone else while he was away; Dick, the oldest, was recently divorced; and Harry, the youngest, had never had a steady girl. Somehow, I mentioned the three cocks, and they all laughed and said they would be up for it, but it would have to be within a month before they went away for a two-year contract overseas.

So I worked out a plan. But would she go through with it? Would I?

I took my wife out to dinner with the three, telling her that it was on expenses for a contract, and she might as well join us. It was a nice restaurant and a great meal (with an equivalent bill) and she got on well with the guys. That night we had great sex: both of us seemed keen.

Afterwards, I said in a light-hearted way "Did you fancy the guys at the restaurant?" 

"Yes, of course," she said, "all three!"

"Ah, so that's why you were so keen!"

"No, it's why you were so keen, thinking of me and three cocks!"

I admitted it still turned me on, and she said it did a bit for her, and we had more sex.

The next morning, I asked "If I agreed, would you really have sex with all three?"

She said "No, of course not," but after a bit of a delay.

"Sure?"

"Look," she continued, "I have only had sex with one man at a time and for all these years that has been you. I must admit that I am curious, but not enough to spoil our marriage."

I took a deep breath, and explained that I would quite like for her to have the experience; and these particular guys were going away shortly so would not be in the neighbourhood to cause embarrassment. She made a face and it was clear that she was not pleased.

She did not say much the rest of the day, and turned away from me at night. Gradually we went back to a normal, if slightly cool relationship.

A week later, she suddenly turned to me and said "If you really want it, then I will, just the once."

I said "What do you mean?"

"The three cocks you are so desperate for. But on my rules. You find out when they can perform."

So it happened. Three men came round to our house one Sunday in order to fuck my wife. And we soon found out who was in charge. In my fantasy I had somehow assumed she would be wearing sexy clothes, but she was in slacks and a plain top with only basic makeup.

"First of all," she said, "You will wear protection. I don't know where you've been and I don't want to catch anything."

"Secondly, you are here to service a lady. You will treat me like one. No words like 'bitch' or anything disrespectful."

"Thirdly, I am not here to suck or give hand jobs. I want to be well fucked, but nicely. Got that?"

"Fourth, one at a time and only my cunt. Don't even think of trying anal."

"Finally, if I say stop, you stop. Is that all agreed?"

We meekly shook our heads.

"Right off to the bedroom and let's get undressed."

I don't know what they were expecting, but not this!

"Oh, by the way, husband. You're not taking part. You wanted to see, so you will."

Everyone except me got undressed and she sized up their equipment.

"OK, first Tom, then Harry, then Dick." It was obvious this was in the size of their cocks.

Tom proved to be a good choice because he was a real gentleman. First they danced a little together as he gently fondled her and complimented her. "What lovely breasts you have," he whispered "and I do like your ass." With his cock raised to full height and with a rubber on, he did not hurry, but cuddled her and nibbled her neck, with his hands roaming around.

"I hope you're taking notes!" she said in my direction.

They got on the bed and he kissed her thighs, belly button and nipples, spending time there. I had sort of forgotten how much she likes them sucked. I could see she was getting excited. He bent down to kiss her cunt, but she pushed him away. "Not that, just cock."

"OK." He parted her legs and positioned himself to just put the head to her cunt lips. She gasped a little and he pushed in a bit. Gently, gently, till he was all the way in; then nearly all out. In and out, he fucked her so slowly. Then a little faster. I could see he was moving his position as well, dropping down and coming up to catch her erogenous zones, moving a little from side to side. 

"Oh, yes," she gasped. "You should definitely take lessons from Tom."

It was a strange feeling, seeing my wife being expertly fucked and being told I should do better, but it was definitely erotic. I had a terrific hard-on.

It was obvious they were both getting excited as Tom set a steady pace. (He's fucking my wife! I thought.) Then he moved faster, stiffened deep inside and started to spasm. I could see his balls twitching, which is something I had never seen before. And my wife held on tight as he did.

"You were beautiful," he said, cradled her in his arms and kissed her. I think he was going to lie with her a while, but she pushed him off with a smile (which I slightly resented).

Harry did not need to be told. He was fully rigid and simply slipped into her juicy cunt in one movement. He was a simple fucker, but that was just right. In and out went his vigorous thrusts.

"Oh!" she gasped, "that is just what I always wanted."

Before long she was grabbing his buttocks and going red as she exploded into orgasm, with cries of "Oh, oh!" It was a stunningly beautiful sight to see my wife in such ecstasy, despite the circumstances.

That was enough for Harry, who began to shake with his own orgasm, pumping seed into her cunt. A good job he was wearing a condom. He more or less collapsed on top of her, and she pushed him. Dick was already beside the bed, and pulled him away, before taking his place.

As I mentioned, he had the biggest cock. The length was only a little more than mine but the thickness was impressive. I wondered if she could take it. However, she was well lubricated. As he slowly pushed she gave a grunt, and I realised she was relaxing and pulling him in. Slowly he moved it half out and back in.

"Ooooh," she said as he started pumping. Soon he had a steady motion, and she was writhing in pleasure at being well filled with every stroke. Having not come down from her first orgasm, she soon reached a second one, grabbing the bedsheets and groaning with delight as Dick continued thrusting. Unlike Harry, he did not come immediately, but carried on for a while, as my wife relaxed from the orgasm and smiled at me. "You were right," she said. "Three cocks is what it takes. This is great. Oh well done, Dick," as the third cock began pulsing in her.

Dick clambered off and she sat up. "Any more?"

"Well, yes," said Harry, who was already half hard.

"Get over here then," she said and stood bent over the bed presenting her lovely ass.

Harry did not need telling twice. He put on a condom and came over, and began his simple action, grabbing her hips and thrusting away. I think it took a little while for him to get fully hard, as she said "Ah yes, that's it," when he had. Having come once, he was in no hurry to come again. The others visited the toilet while I struggled with my own aching erection.

"Now this is a fuck," she said, and I experienced a strange feeling of delight at her obvious pleasure and envy that it was not coming from me. She was excited, but did not seem likely to have an orgasm, just enjoying a long and simple fuck. After what must have been quite a long time, Harry came and flopped out exhausted.

And there was Tom! "Would the lady care for some more fucking?"

"Yes, please, kind sir," and in he went. Thrusting steadily, his hands roamed around, caressing her back, thighs and buttocks, cupping her breasts, and whispering small things. She was clearly excited by this. Then he changed his stance a little, dropping a little lower and she gasped. I think he was stroking her clit with his cock. Then he went on his toes and changed the angle of thrust and she got more excited, making little noises. Then back to the clit, then his clever strokes. Then a steady fast pumping as she began to shake with another orgasm. "Oh God! Yes!" she cried.

As she came down he continued to thrust urgently and grabbed her hips as he forced himself as deep as possible inside to come once again. "You're amazing," he whispered to her, and pulled out as she collapsed on the bed.

I looked at Dick. He looked at her. "If you can take it..." he said.

"Oh, I think so," and she lay down and spread herself. God, she looked so desirable and I was desperate to fuck her!

Dick's impressive tool was not completely erect, but he went over and started kissing and sucking her lovely nipples. I think we were all learning from Tom. She spread her arms and closed her eyes with a serene expression. "Mm, nice." She relaxed and enjoyed it for a few minutes, then pushed him away. "Now give me some more of that gorgeous big cock!"

In he went, then slow and steady. "Aha," she said and I think he must have reached full hardness. And she stretched luxuriously. "Oh, so full!"

Tom and Harry got drinks and sat down, but I was standing by the bed, mesmerized. How much cock could one woman take? I noticed I had made a wet patch of precum on my trousers; I had been hard so long.

Dick now pumped away seriously, and she gave groans of satisfaction as that massive member pistoned in and out. I thought her cunt must be amazingly resilient. Little by little, she started giving little short breaths as her pleasure rose. Dick was sweating, but he pumped on and on. Then she grabbed him and made guttural groans before shrieking like I had never heard before. Her orgasm seemed to go on and on, and Dick kept pumping. She was still gasping when he started to shake and thrust harder, which set her off again, writhing and groaning. It was a stunning sight.

In my fantasy I had her being fucked three times, not six, and how many times had she come? What and amazing woman!

Dick must have been exhausted. He pulled out and collapsed onto one side, as my darling wife lay panting with closed eyes and her well-used cunt wide open. I went over hopefully. She opened one eye. "No, I told you. No fucking for you. I have had my three cocks and I thank you." Then she grabbed my cock, gave it a couple of strokes and I shot a fountain into the air. "Did you enjoy that?"

Then she turned to the three guys. "Thanks a lot for the service fellas. Sorry you have to go away and I won't see you again."

"Our flight's not for ten days," said Tom.

"And we'll be back each Christmas," said Dick.

+ - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - +

My wife had just been fucked by three men, twice each, but not by me. They had just left and we were alone.

"Well," I started, "how..."

"Talk in the morning," she said and went off to the shower.

When we were both in bed, I tried again.

"Darling..."

"Not now. I'm tired and want some sleep. In fact, I'm completely fucked."

"Oh," she added. "Don't get any ideas about tomorrow, because I'm a bit sore." She turned away and was soon asleep.

I lay back with my mind in turmoil. What had happened? What had I done? Was this the beginning of the end of our marriage? It was clear that I wouldn't get any sleep. What should I do?

Then it was light and I could smell frying. She came up the stairs and said "Come on, sleepyhead. Breakfast is ready." She looked bright and fresh in a housecoat and makeup.

There was good breakfast, which I found was very welcome.

"Well," she began. "You got your fantasy. And you were right. Three cocks is just the right number. Six was really too much in one go. Still, they performed very well, I thought. What did you think?"

"Er, yes," I began. "It was very... interesting."

"And exciting for you," she cut in. "You pervert, as I could see. Is that what you want to do in future? Just watch other men fuck me?" She was very cheerful as she mocked me.

"No, no," I answered hurriedly. "That was just a one-off. I'm sorry and I won't mention anything like that in future. We can just go back to where we were, and I'll try to make it up to you."

She frowned with a smile on her face and looked up to one side. "I'm not sure about that. I wonder what would be a suitable Christmas present for me - or should that be a present for you?"

"Anyway," she continued, "what did you think? Tom was the best wasn't he? He really knows how to treat a lady. I can't imagine any woman giving him up. However, if he is away for a long time, she probably got too frustrated."

"I suppose so," I mumbled, but my opinion wasn't really wanted.

"Harry was cute. Young and full of juice. It's his fault we went past 3. If he hadn't been so ready, I would have called it a night."

"You did ask," I said.

"Well, I was quite turned on and feeling a bit naughty, but I wasn't really expecting more, and would have been happy to stop. It is a long time since you went for seconds in less than an hour."

"Dick wasn't the best, then?"

"No, Tom was the best and he is smaller than you. You really should learn from him. Dick had a big cock, that's all. Still it was a good experience being so filled. Every woman should try a cock that size at least once."

"So we're all right, then?"

"Oh yes, fine." I let out a sigh of relief.

"More or less. Oh, by the way, please call them to say thanks."

"Yes, of course."

"And ask if they are available next Saturday. Tom did say they had another ten days."