 "You don't mind picking her up?"

I could hear the tension in my girlfriend's voice. She was tied up at work with a mountain of claims to wade through. Stress was something she did not handle well. Her plan had been to just dash in on Saturday morning, wrap up a couple things so she could take the following week off from work. Her original plan was to be at the airport by noon. The surprise was that her boss had dumped a load of new claims on her desk and added a sticky note that requested Phoebe to review them and have them ready for Monday.

"No, not at all," I said. "The only problem is how will I know her?" Phoebe's old roommate from college, whom I did not know, was coming for a visit. 

Now that I look back on that day, I wonder if I could ever have imagined how well I would come to know Phoebe's friend.

"How about you hold one of those little signs like the limo drivers use? I can text Abby and tell her to look for the handsome guy holding up her name."

"Aw, shucks, you think I'm handsome," I said.

"Well, compared to the normal bunch of scruffy limo drivers, you are."

"Okay, should I just put 'Abby' or her last name?"

"I think 'Abby' is just fine."

After we hung up, I finished cleaning our apartment. Since Phoebe was already stressed to the max, I offered to make sure things were taken care of at home. Ever since Abby accepted Phoebe's invitation, my girlfriend seemed to be more on edge than usual. I had to tend to a dozen little things that needed fixing. Phoebe bought new bedding, washed and ironed them and made the bed up to look like a photo from a magazine. I didn't know you could put so many pillows on one bed.

She was rearranging the mountain of those pillows last night when I mentioned all the fuss she was making.

"I just want to make Abby feel at home," Phoebe said.

"What? Does she live in a palace?"

"No, it's just that I want her to feel...you know, like we're happy she's here."

"Hey, she's a friend of yours. So, if you're happy she's here, I'm happy. I'm looking forward to meeting her."

"You'll love her, Jamie. She is so much fun. I can't believe I haven't seen her in over 12 months. I know the two of you will get along great. Promise me, you'll love her? Please, please!"

That was so typical Phoebe. She wanted everyone to get along, have no tension and just be happy. Even if her friend was the bitch from hell, I was going to let Phoebe think that I was the happiest man on earth to have her visiting .It would only be a few days, after all. I guess I would soon find out if I would regret making this commitment.

"Phoebe, not to worry. Really. And, you've got this place looking great," I said. It was true I had lived in this condo for two years before I met Phoebe. When she and I decided to move in together about a year ago, she immediately spruced things up. Her latest effort made it look really good.

After finishing washing the kitchen floor, I put all the supplies away. I stripped off my clothes and tossed them in the laundry basket in the bathroom. I walked out in the hall to get a clean towel from the linen closet. I realized that I would be changing my habit of walking around naked while Abby was visiting. Also, at least once a week, one of our favorite games was for the first one home in the evening to strip and greet the other in the nude. This game almost always led to a quickie and it wasn't always in the bedroom. That would just be another thing on hold for the coming week. As I stood naked and looking into the living room, I remembered one of the most erotic surprises Phoebe gave me.

*** 

I exited the elevator and saw a piece of paper taped to the condo door. I walked up and read it. Phoebe asked me to knock and not come in. I imagined she had something special planned, so I readily complied.

After rapping on the door, Phoebe called out. "Who's there?"

"Phoebes, it's me. What's up?"

I thought I could detect she was using the eyehole to look at me. 

"Is there anyone with you?" she asked.

"What? Of course not. Open up."

"Is there anyone in the hallway?"

I looked around and confirmed I was alone in the hallway.

"Strip," was the one word she spoke.

"What?"

"Strip and put your clothes in a pile."

This was new territory for us, but I figured it would be worth it. I removed my suit coat, folded it and placed it on the floor. Next came shoes and socks. I undid my tie, removed my shirt and undershirt and stacked them on top of the jacket. Looking around to be sure I was still alone. I quickly shucked my pants and underwear in one swift motion. 

"Let me in, Phoebes."

"Still no one out there?" I told her no. 

"Take your tie and blindfold yourself."

"What's going on? This is insane."

"Do it or just get dressed and go out and eat alone."

My curiosity was at its highest level, but I was beginning to get a little pissed. It was rare for Phoebe to be so assertive in our sex life. Still my half hard cock told me this new tactic was working. I figured I'd go along for a little while at least.

I took my tie and secured it around my eyes. If I looked down, I could see the floor, but that was all. Well, I could see my dick as it steadily lengthened.

"Step back and let me make sure you're nude," she said through the door.

I backed up and waited.

"You look good, Jamie." I heard her giggle and then the door opened. She grabbed me by my dick and pulled me into the apartment.

"Don't move and do not take off that tie." I remained standing in our living room as I heard Phoebe gather my clothes and shut and lock our door.

"Trust me, Jamie. Okay?"

"I trust you, Phoebe," I said, but I was having doubts. 

I sensed her move behind me. Her naked breasts pushed into my back and my dick went to full mast. Next her hands were placing something over my tie. It felt like cloth of some sort, maybe one of those sleeping masks. Just as she was adjusting it, a pair of lips captured my dick.

"What the fuck?" I yelled and reached for the mask. 

"Leave it on, Jamie. Trust me."

Phoebe and I had our fantasy discussions about a three-way, but I never thought it was more than that. Now as my girlfriend pressed her hard nipples into my back and toyed with my own nipples, there was another mouth swallowing my erection. My senses were quickly overloading.

Without a word, Phoebe broke contact. The next thing I knew two mouths were working on my erection. As one mouth took me deep inside, another moved between my legs to caress my balls with a tongue. I wanted to rip off my blindfold and see who the other woman was.

I think Phoebe knew what I was thinking because she warned me to remain blindfolded or this would all end. 

Now two tongues were running up and down my shaft. I was sure that when they met at my tip they played with each other. Then the two mouths rotated taking me deep. Each had a different technique, but the result was I was speeding to a climax.

"Not yet, Jamie," said Phoebe. Both mouths abandoned me and I thrust in vain to try to establish contact with something warm.

A hand grasped my erection and led me forward. I stopped when I bumped into a body. A hand moved my head down and I found a soft breast pushing against my lips. I opened my mouth and took a hard nipple into my mouth. I knew it was not Phoebe's. This breast was small. I soon had the entire breast in my mouth as I sucked hard. 

Suddenly I felt a head next to mine and realized that Phoebe was doing the same thing as I to the other breast. She had told me that she had bi- experiences in the past. Now, I was part of this new bi-experience.

The other woman moaned softly as we each played with a breast. Her nipple was stiff and I teased it with my tongue. Pulling back, I sucked hard on the nub and then used my teeth to trap it and pull. A gasp escaped the unknown woman's mouth. I bit down gently and she grabbed my head in her hands and pulled me back. I did not let loose and tugged her breast.

I heard a breathy, "Fuck" as her breast stretched out. When I felt it was as far as it could go, I released her nipple. She gasped again.

Phoebe took my hand and moved it to the woman's sex. I was pleased to find a smooth and wet area. Phoebe guided my finger inside and then I felt hers join me. We moved together and the unknown woman's hips responded by pushing forward. Her groans became louder. 

Suddenly Phoebe tugged our fingers free. "Kneel," she ordered. I dropped to my knees and could smell the arousal of this woman.

I felt Phoebe next to me and she guided my face to the smooth pussy. Immediately I began licking. The woman thrust her pubis forward and her liquid covered my face and chin. I used my tongue on her hooded clit and then felt Phoebe's fingers push the hood aside. I took the clit in my mouthed and sucked as hard as I could.

"Oh, fuck, yes," was the breathy whisper that came from above us.

Phoebe said, "My turn." She moved my face away and her cheek brushed mine as she moved her face in between the unknown woman's legs. I wanted to tear the blindfold away to watch my girlfriend pleasure another woman. Phoebe distracted my by taking my hand and placing it below her chin at the woman's opening. I pushed a finger, then two, inside and pumped as Phoebe licked. Rotating my wrist I searched for the woman's special spot. When I heard a whimper, I knew I found it. I rubbed while Phoebe licked. The woman was pushing hard against both of us and her breathing had become ragged.

"Oh, yes," she whispered. I felt her vagina contract and a strong stream of hot liquid ran over my hand. Phoebe switched from sucking to licking and I imagined her gathering this sweet flow onto her tongue. She confirmed my thought as her face mashed to mine and her tongue shared the thick liquid. We kissed and then she sucked my fingers clean.

Before I could even take in that we had just given this woman an orgasm, Phoebe pulled me up. She turned around and as my hands held her hips, I felt her bend over what I assumed was the back of the couch. The other woman once again sucked my cock and made sure I was rock hard. She then took my cock and guided it to Phoebe's opening. As soon as I felt the warm, wet welcome, I pushed forward and slid all the way in. Phoebe's groan assured me of her desire.

Not caring that a woman I did not know was watching, I began to move steadily in and out of my girlfriend while holding her hips. I picked up the pace and Phoebe encouraged me by pushing her ass back to greet me.

Suddenly I felt small breasts pushed against my back. A hand snaked underneath to cup my tight balls that were nearing explosion. Her other hand started rubbing Phoebe's cleft and clit. It withdrew from Phoebe and I felt a finger at my anus. Slick with Phoebe's secretions, the finger slipped past my sphincter and went fully in. I was already close to coming and this only hastened me toward my release.

Phoebe begged me to hold on since she was also close. I slowed my tempo and then Phoebe said, "Now."

I plunged as hard as I could. When I heard Phoebe cry out, I felt the finger push against my prostate. I came as hard as I ever had in my entire life. I felt my very essence was shooting into my lover. I kept pumping, Phoebe clenched my spilling cock, and the finger maintained its assault on my prostate. Within seconds I was drained and slid out of Phoebe. My cock was going limp as was my entire body. I slumped to the carpet and rested my back against the couch.

I felt lips around my cock, cleaning me of the combined orgasms. I ran my fingers through short hair that I knew was not Phoebe's. As the tongue wiped away the last remains of my eruption, I recognized the signs of life returning to the fallen soldier. The warm mouth kept working and I was even shocked to feel the erection form in her mouth. I groaned as the mouth went away and my wet cock was left alone. My disappointment disappeared the moment I felt a condom being rolled over my erection.

A body straddled my thighs. As a hand guided my erection to a warm opening, I felt Phoebe pressing her mouth to mine. "Enjoy this," she said and kissed me again. Phoebe kept her arm around me as the unknown woman worked herself up and down. Phoebe moved my head until I felt a small breast brushing past my lips. I took hold of one breast and sucked it into my mouth.

The women responded my riding me harder and faster. As her breathing became ragged, I cupped my hands around a small, tight butt. She was now moving so fast that I dare not continue to try to use my mouth on her breast for fear I might bite her and do damage. Her hands rested on my shoulders and after using them to gain leverage to lift, she plunged down letting her full weight drive me deep inside her. 

As she let out a series of "Yes, Yes, Yes", she pounded down one last time. I felt her vagina close around my cock and sensed the orgasm moving through her body. Her head came to rest on my forehead. I could feel the sweat running off her. 

"Let me help you up, honey," Phoebe said. I could tell she was assisting the woman to stand. I was completely exhausted and thought I would close my eyes for just one second.

I awoke with a start later to find my blindfold was gone. I was on the floor, my head on a pillow from the couch and a light blanket over me. I opened my eyes to see Phoebe looking down at me.

"Welcome back." She smiled and sat next to me.

"Phoebe, what...who..."

"Happy birthday, darling. I love you."

I had forgotten that my birthday was two days away. I had just received a present that surpassed all others. Phoebe stroked my hair. "You liked?"

"I love you, Phoebe. Yes, I liked. But who was..."

"Some surprises should have a mystery in them," she said. "She is a mystery woman for you."

"But, the two of you..."

"Yes, that was sort of a bonus for me. Let's say it was a gift that had many dimensions."

I pulled her down to kiss her lips. "Are you and she...?" I couldn't finish the sentence.

"This was a one-time thing for all of us, Jamie. Just enjoy it."

The truth is I did enjoy it.

*** 

I glanced down and chuckled at my erection. Even the memory of that special night was enough to get me hard. I tried to get Phoebe to tell me more about her bi-sexual background. She would just say it was part of her life. I guess if her inclination would lead to additional nights like the one with the unknown woman then I probably would not complain.

I showered but did not shave. Old friend coming to visit or not, I liked not having to shave on the weekend. My law office was still fairly conservative and we wore coats and ties all the time. Facial hair was not forbidden, but was unofficially discouraged.

By eleven-thirty I was pulling into the short-term parking lot at the Manchester-Boston Regional Airport. Retrieving my hand lettered "Abby" sign, I was standing next to the baggage carousels by noon. Fifteen minutes later the first rush of passengers started filtering by.

Phoebe told me to look for a tall blond. A few women fit that description. I was looking around when I heard my name.

"Jamie?"

I turned to find myself looking directly into the eyes of a beautiful woman. She was about my height and her blond hair was cut quite short.

"Abby?"

She smiled and I extended my hand. She brushed by it and hugged me. I was taken aback by the strength of her hug and enjoyed the brief contact of her soft and firm breasts pushing into my chest.

"Thanks for picking me up. God, Phoebe wasn't kidding when she said you were handsome." I was wearing a blue button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, khaki shorts and boat shoes. I guess I had that scruffy look working and my blond hair was tussled from driving with the top down.

I colored slightly. Remembering how girls talked, I suspected Phoebe had shared some of her thoughts about me.

"Did Phoebe describe me to you?" she asked.

"Yeah, that's what's so confusing," I said.

"Why?"

"I'm still looking for the wart on the end of your nose and the hump on your back."

Abby laughed out loud and hugged me again. "I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship."

I took her rolling bag as Abby walked over to the carousel that had just started moving. She pointed to her bag and I hauled it off. I managed the large bag, while she took the smaller one. We headed off in the direction of the garage. Abby slipped her arm through mine and said, "Okay, give me the full bio." We had to break apart as we approached the escalator taking us up to the skywalk connecting to the garage.

I let Abby go first and found myself looking at her rear as the stairs moved us along. She wore tan slacks that fit snugly on a well-shaped bottom. For a tall woman, she had a roundness that I found appealing. I chided myself for checking out Phoebe's friend, but it was a pleasant view. As we neared the top, Abby glanced over her shoulder and saw where my gaze was focused. I looked up and she smiled.

Going over the skywalk, she moved alongside and again slipped her arm through mine. "Enjoy the view, Jamie?"

I smiled and looked at her. "Busted."

"You're cute when you blush."

I wanted to change the subject away from my blatant ogling of her butt. I picked up our previous conversation.

"You mean all the time you two spent talking, Phoebe never gave you my background. I'd have thought by now you'd know the color of my underwear."

Abby squeezed my arm, "The color yes. The size, well, that's something that's not clear."

I turned to look at her. She smiled and added, "Yet."

Wow, this woman knows how to flirt and I found myself enjoying it. 

After stowing her bags, I put the top up on my car. It makes it easier to talk without the wind turbulence. After navigating out of the parking lot, I filled Abby in on my life to date. Thirty-three years old. Graduate of Brown, Harvard for an MBA and University of Virginia for law school. No siblings. No marriages. Junior partner with a major law firm in our city.

"Brown, Harvard and UVA," said Abby. "Impressive."

"Not really," I said. "How about you?"

"Well, you know about the Smith part. That's where Phoebe and I met. I got my MBA at the Tuck School at Dartmouth and now am working for Arthur Abbott consulting in Chicago. And, of course, Phoebe and I are the same age—26."

"That's impressive. AA is top of the field."

"Well, I think they needed a few more women to meet their equal opportunity quota and I just happened to have been available."

"I doubt that's the reason. Phoebe says you're the second smartest person she knows."

Abby looked at me. "Second smartest?"

I grinned.

"Of course," she said and slapped my thigh. "I defer to the Ivy League."

"Just kidding. Abby, your education is impressive. And, your graduate degree is Ivy League." After a pause, I added, "I guess I'm just smarter."

"Ooh, you'll pay for that one, Frat Boy." I turned to glance at her. Her blue oxford cloth shirt was gaping at her chest. I could see the swell of her breast as it entered her soft bra. Her chest was not huge, but it complemented her lean physique. I estimated her breast would comfortably fit in my hand. For the second time in a couple minutes, I found myself checking her out.

"What makes you think I was in a frat?" I said to try to shake off the mental image I had of her breast as it swelled through the gap in her shirt.

"Duh, Brown, Harvard. Hard not to be in one."

"Okay, but we were all dedicated students," I deadpanned.

"Dedicated to what? Mooning out of your frat's windows? Marathon beer games? Preying on young underclass women?"

"Ouch!" I said. "'Preying' might be a bit strong."

"Really!"

"Yeah, we like to regard it as supplying real life education in all matters of advanced socialization and engaging in social metrics."
