 I'd been dating Caroline for a little over 6 months now and we had fallen into a pretty serious with each other. She had just turned 19 and I was 22 but she was the experienced one that had all the confidence in our relationship. Having only had a few casual girlfriends and the odd one-night stand before I met Caroline, I was delighted to go out with her and get some miles on the clock. She was a bit overweight and, having tried to hide our relationship in its early weeks, my mates had found out eventually and they all ribbed me mercilessly about dating her. I accepted the abuse from my friends though as Caroline had plenty of experience and was randy as hell all the time. Nothing was out of the question when it came to sex and she was teaching me everything I needed to learn as a permanently horny young man with limited knowledge of women.

Caroline lived in the next village to me and, over last few weeks, I'd gotten into the routine of staying over at her house on Saturday nights after we'd been out to the pubs and clubs. She lived with her parents, her sister Claire (who was almost exactly one year younger) and her brother Terry, a 12-year old brat that annoyed me. They'd had to convert the downstairs dining area into another make-shift bedroom to accommodate some weird, old great-uncle. He was pretty ill and seemed to be constantly confined to his bed. Caroline's parents were pretty cool and seemed to appreciate that we were probably having sex (and probably knew that I wasn't nearly her first). However, I was pretty considerate to their feelings and our sexual encounters were generally limited to the back of my car or jumping all over each other every time we had an empty house.

The Saturday night sleepover routine was now well established. I got to sleep in Claire's room upstairs and she was unceremoniously evicted to the next door bedroom to sleep with Caroline in her double bed. Terry was a little shit and there was no way he was giving up his room to let me stay over. Sunday mornings were quite chilled as most weeks Caroline's parents disappeared about 9.30am, dragging Terry off to church. The girls were old enough to choose if they wanted to attend church and both decided not to go pretty much every week.

I would lie in bed late on Sunday mornings, nursing my hangover from the Saturday night out and listen for them leaving for church. As soon as the car had pulled away, I'd head next door to see Caroline. Normally by this time, Claire was up and about and sorting breakfast for Great-Uncle Ernie downstairs. This was a perfect chance for a sneaky blowjob and a bit of action with my always eager to please girlfriend, before heading downstairs for a bacon sandwich. I got on well with Claire but she did tease me about shagging her sister and she was always having a go at Caroline about being a slag. That was pretty rich on her part, as from what Caroline said, her sister was just as interested in hard cock as her older sister; and Claire would never be short of offers as she was much prettier than her older sister. I felt quite bad for Caroline that I had much more lustful thoughts about her younger sister than I did for my girlfriend.

In the months that Caroline and I had dated, she'd more or less educated me in everything I needed to know sexually: handjobs, tit-fucking, sex in every imaginable position and, when the time called for it, anal sex. It was my first experience with anal sex and I loved the tight stranglehold her sphincter would take around my cock once I'd penetrated her arsehole. The battle to force my erection in and push it through into her tight hole was fantastic. Best of all, I love cumming in her arse as she used her sphincter to squeeze the cum from my knob. I liked how my cum would seem to splash into her large, cavernous bottom. I might get a hard time from my mates for shagging her but I wasn't giving up this invaluable and enjoyable learning experience.

One weekend saw me invited to a family wedding as Caroline's guest. The whole family (excluding weird Great-Uncle Ernie) were going. It was an enjoyable night and Caroline and I had plenty to drink as we danced away to the early hours. We headed back to the house at the end of the night. Terry was being his usual irritating self and I noticed that Claire was also fairly drunk as she yelled at him to stop annoying her. Her mum threw her a look as she told her little brother to "fuck off" and I knew she'd be in trouble in the morning for swearing.

It was late and we headed straight for the bedrooms. I grabbed a quick feel of my girlfriend's tits as we climbed up the stairs and said goodnight to each other. We were both feeling randy and whispered to each other what we would do together in the morning after her parents headed for church. We kissed intensely at the top of the stair and I felt my cock straining against my trousers as it hardened. The younger sister came stumbling up behind us, full of loud taunts about our canoodling and what it would lead to. Not wishing to be embarrassed any further in front of Caroline's parents, we quickly headed off to our respective bedrooms. As we did, Claire lunged forward to embrace me as I passed her and rubbed herself tightly against me, mimicking her sister and how we had been cuddling just moments earlier as she climbed the stair. Unseen by her older sister, Claire's hand rested on my erection for a few moments and she squeezed my trouser bulge as she hugged me. I gently prised her off me and, with an apologetic look to my girlfriend, escaped to the safety of the bedroom, shutting the door soundly behind me.

Sunday morning was fairly typical to start with. I began to wake just after 9am and felt pretty rough from the amount I had drunk the night before. I lay silently in bed and looked forward to an early morning blowjob in the next-door bedroom after Caroline's parents and little brother headed off to church. The satisfaction of my throbbing cock slipping deep into my girlfriend's wet mouth was sure to take my attention away from my throbbing sore head. Sure enough, right on 9.30am her parents and Terry headed out and I smiled to myself as I heard the car driving away into the distance. A few minutes later I got up and tip-toed along the corridor to sneak into Caroline's bedroom. As I opened the door and headed in I was gutted to see Claire was still in the bed, lying beside Caroline. We all said good morning and I sat at the bottom of the bed as we began to chat about the wedding from the day before. Claire admitted that she felt like shit and had definitely drunk too much, hence the reason she was still in bed. The girls mum had just smiled when she popped her head round the bedroom door earlier and told them to have a lie in to recover. She would sort breakfast out for Ernie.

After a few minutes of chatting back and forth, Claire started to tease me and Caroline about my Sunday morning visits to her bedroom. We smiled at each other and said nothing; but Claire wasn't going to let it go. "Do you suck his cock and swallow the cum so it doesn't make a mess on the bed?" she asked. I blushed at her frankness but didn't answer. The mention of blowjobs and cum swallowing had started my cock to stir again and I was sat on the end of their bed in only my boxer shorts and a tee-shirt. I shuffled uncomfortably at the bottom of the bed but Claire continued her assault. "Does she use her vibrator when you fuck?" Claire quizzed me further. I was really embarrassed at this question from my girlfriend's younger sister as Caroline would sometimes fuck herself with a vibrator when we had anal sex. It felt quite weird to feel the hard shaft of the vibrator whilst I was inside her arse. I guessed that these sisters must share all of their intimate experiences with each other.

The conversation had left me with a hard-on and both girls knew it. My girlfriend Caroline tried to save some of my embarrassment by throwing back the covers and inviting me into the bed next to her. We all lay next to each other with Caroline in the middle. After a short while Claire started to sing quietly, "there were 3 in the bed and the little one said...".

"Roll over!" picked up Caroline as she turned herself around and lay on top of me. My cock prodded into her stomach through my boxer shorts as she wriggled about on top of me giggling. The room then fell silent but Caroline's randy switch had been turned on, probably by my erection poking into her from below. She leaned forward and we started to kiss passionately. I grabbed at her arse under the covers and massaged her cheeks to pull her forward so that she pushed harder against my cock.

I was horny as hell now and had forgotten that my girlfriend's younger sister was still lying in the bed next to us as we continued to kiss and started to pull at each other's clothes. I pulled down the top of Caroline's nightdress to expose her large tits and she sat up on top of me to allow me to tease her nipples with my fingers as she stretched back in pleasure. Claire didn't flinch and just lay there watching the evolving sex show that was happening right next to her on the same bed. Caroline shuffled around on top of me and pulled my cock out from inside my boxer shorts whilst pulling up the bottom of her nightdress. She positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her vagina and slowly sunk down on to my erection. She was ridiculously wet and fucking her boyfriend in front of her sister was clearly a massive turn on to her. We settled into a steady motion as she bucked her hips back and forward and took my cock into her hole.

I turned my head round to look at Claire, who was still staring intently as the action unfolded in front of her. I reach out to hold her hand. My fantasies were within touching distance, to have a threesome with these two sisters! I'd live off this story for a long time with my mates, especially if I got to fuck the gorgeous Claire.

Whilst Caroline picked up her pace and rode my cock for all she was worth, I tried to pull Claire over closer to me. She was a bit reticent but my persistence paid off and, with a little help from Caroline, who was losing all control, we pulled Claire right over so she was half perched on my chest with her face poised over mine. I reached up and pulled her head towards me and we locked in a long, lingering kiss. However, I could sense she was still not completely willing to participate in my fantasy.

Claire was wearing small cotton shorts and a tee-shirt and Caroline helped move things forward by pulling up her sister's tee-shirt from behind and tugging it over her head to expose a small but perfectly pert pair of tits. One hand went immediately to work on those perky nipples, pinching them as they grew erect between my fingers and thumb. I circled Claire's tits in turn and squeezed those firm little mounds in my hand. Meantime my other hand was still occupied with the much larger boobs of my girlfriend, as I continued to help her balance on top of me as she bucked up and down on my cock. If she over-balanced I would instinctively grab one of those large milky white mounds tightly and pull her back straight again. She grimaced on a few occasions as I pulled on her tits to move her back on balance but she was too horny to stop the bucking to complain.

Without any real warning, Caroline reached her orgasm. It was like she hit an accelerator pedal as she suddenly bounced about uncontrollably up and down on my cock. I pulled Claire forward to take one of her rosebud-like red nipples into my mouth for a sucking. Caroline assisted by pushing her from behind as she moaned loudly through her climax. It was too much for me as my girlfriend reached her orgasm on top of me at the same time as I licked and sucked her younger sister's tits. I could feel the swell in my balls and shouted out to Caroline that I was about to cum inside her. She was a spent force now and rolled off me to the side just as I was about to start cumming. I was momentarily angry with her until she grabbed my cock and started to jerk me off as furiously as she could. Her grip was tight around my throbbing cock as she pumped my quickly. A few seconds later the cum started to shoot out my cock and sprayed over Claire's body. She squealed and rolled away but Caroline had control of my cock and took aim as jet after jet of my cum splashed over Claire's tits and stomach. One streak of cum shot out like a missile and landed across her cheek and down her chin, leaving a hanging drip of spunk to fall from her face onto the bed below. 

It wasn't quite the perfect threesome I'd dreamt off but it was close enough for me. Claire looked a bit stunned as she lay on the bed with cum dripping down over her body. Caroline wasn't completely finished though and she crawled over the top of me to start licking up my cum from her sister's stomach. She pushed her tongue into her belly button to fish out my salty jizz and then rolled her tongue up her sister's slim torso before she licked the cum off her tits.

It was before the days of mobile phones with built-in cameras, which was a shame! 20 years later and that morning was still the wildest sexual encounter of my life and the weekend still plays like an erotic video in my head when I think back to it.