 Author's Note 

Okay, so this story is very kinky. I'll warn you right now that if you're not a fan of group sex, female domination, forced cross-dressing, spankings, and other such things, read something else. If you're into that kind of thing, I hope you enjoy! Feel free to leave comments and constructive criticism; feedback is always welcome. Have fun! 

***** 

"This is stupid, we're gonna get caught!" 

"Nah, it'll be awesome, just don't screw it up!" 

"Both of you, shut the fuck up or we are gonna get caught!" 

Three boys crept down the carpeted hallway of the hotel in their pajamas, whispering to each other conspiratorially. 

The one on the left and slightly behind the other two was Tom, a nervous, short kid with glasses, red hair, freckles, and skin whiter than sour cream. He was already on edge because the other two wouldn't stop heckling him about his teddy bear PJs. Tom was shy and moderately intelligent, but his strongest suit was his creativity. 

The one in the middle was Andrew, or Andy for short. He was a stocky black kid of average height with dreadlocks, sweat pants, and a white tank top pulled tight over his fairly well-defined chest muscles. He ran and played football, and was the most courageous and least restrained of the three. He was the joking, teasing type, but never meant to hurt anybody. 

Lastly, the boy on the right was named Lincoln, but everyone just called him Link. He was the tallest and skinniest, had curly black hair and white skin, and was wearing a plain black T-shirt and black pajama pants. He was the smartest, though not as headstrong as Andy nor as timid as Tom. Link was the sarcastic type, but got brutally honest when you tried to force a sincere thought out of him. 

This motley crew whispered and schemed its way down the hall, occasionally checking the wall-mounted signs to guide them. 

"What room was she in?" Asked Tom for the third time. 

"For the third time, Tom, it's room 422!" Replied an exasperated Link. 

"I just don't want to accidentally sneak into a stranger's room! In fact, I don't particularly want to sneak into our teacher's room either!" 

"Calm down, man!" Said Andy. "Even you admitted she's super hot, right? This might be our best chance to see her naked!" 

"I don't think it's worth it..." Replied Tom nervously. 

"And yet here you are, another hapless victim of peer pressure." Sighed Link. "Although I have to agree with Tom that we are going to rather drastic lengths to maybe see some tits." 

"Yeah, but they're like the greatest tits ever!" Reasoned Andy. 

"And so, onward we march." Remarked Link dryly. "Onward, to either glorious breasts or probable expulsion." This last remark elicited a nervous cough from Tom. 

The subject of this conversation (their teacher, not the breasts) was their chaperone for their field trip, Mrs. Beckett. The whole senior history class had gone to Detroit, Michigan to visit the Detroit Institute of Arts and see the mural by Diego Rivera. It seemed only loosely relevant to actually learning the history of the industrial revolution, but any excuse to get out of school and go somewhere else was cool by the students, and apparently Mrs. Beckett as well. 

So, they were staying at the nearest hotel for the night, with plans to visit the DIA the following morning. The chaperones each got their own room, while all the students had to share with two friends. Obviously, however, Tom, Link, and Andy had better things to do than sleep. 

"According to this, her room should be in this next hallway." Whispered Andy, as he peeked around the corner. He quickly withdrew, and turned to look at his partners in crime. "Mrs. Beckett is at the next room over, chatting with Mr. Gordon! And her door's open! Now's our chance!" He hissed excitedly. 

Before either of his companions could respond, her bolted around the corner. Link and Tom peeked into the hall just in time to see Andy slip through the ajar door to room 422. Not wanting to be left behind, Link followed silently. 

"This is a shit idea..." Muttered Tom, before gingerly tiptoeing after his friends. 

Mrs. Beckett continued her gabbing, her back to the hall, completely unaware of the intruders now mingling in her suite. Said intruders were at that very moment exploring likely hiding places in her room. 

"Guys, it's perfect!" Whispered Link from the bathroom. 

"What?" Asked Tom. 

"Come in and see!" 

Tom and Andy entered the bathroom, but couldn't see Link. "Where-" Tom started to say, but before he could finish, the closet door opened suddenly to reveal Link standing within, grinning. 

"Guys, quick, get in, before she comes back! This place is perfect!" As if to accentuate his point, the sound of a door closing and Mrs. Beckett humming from the entryway caused the other two to jump into the closet with Link. He gently closed the door behind them. 

The closet in question had grate-like wooden slats that made a vent right around chest level through which the boys could see into the bathroom without revealing themselves. Just enough light filtered through for them to be visible to each other, and they exchanged excited glances. Even Tom was getting into it at this point. 

"You're right man, this is perfect!" Whispered Andy excitedly. 

"Shh!" Hissed Tom, as Mrs. Beckett entered the bathroom, humming to herself. The boys knelt next to each other and peered through the slats at the subject of their spy mission. Mrs. Beckett was a perfect 10/10, with a slender waist, wide hips, DD breasts, long toned legs, well-tanned skin, green almond shaped eyes, and long, golden hair. She stood about 5'7" and had an english accent, which the boys agreed only made her sexier. 

Mrs. Beckett was currently sizing herself up in the mirror, her back turned to the closet, and her round, perfect ass pointed right at her voyeurs. She was still wearing her teacher's uniform, which was comprised of a black skirt (although hers was undoubtedly shorter than it should be), black stockings, black dress shoes, and a white button up dress shirt. She had the top three buttons undone, exposing her long, slender neck and a healthy amount of cleavage. 

She leaned forward, placing her hands on the edges of the sink, and stared into the mirror thoughtfully. Her skirt rose up just enough for the guys to glimpse the tops of her stockings, and her shirt opened enough for them to see all the way down it through the mirror. 

She puckered her lips and made a smoochy face at her reflection, then giggled and touched her collarbone lightly while making sexy eyes into the glass. Mrs. Beckett then lifted her hands off the sink and grabbed her breasts, pushing them together and up so that her boobs nearly popped out of her top. "Hmmm" she hummed contemplatively as she squeezed her massive assets together, fondling them distractedly. 

Tom, Link, and Andy were enjoying every minute of this. They were each rock-hard by this point, but too focused on their muse to notice or care. 

Mrs. Beckett, apparently satisfied with the size and firmness of her breasts, turned around and glanced over her shoulder to get a good view of her own butt. She pinched it with her long, slender fingers, then gave it a good squeeze, then lifted her skirt up past her waist. 

The three delinquents had to forcibly contain their excited exclamations as Mrs. Beckett's perfect ass cheeks were unveiled, covered only by a skimpy, lacy black thong. She gazed at her rear critically, then suddenly slapped it with her free hand. Her butt bounced and shivered gratuitously, almost finishing the boys right then and there. 

Apparently satisfied, she allowed her skirt to fall back down, and started unbuttoning her shirt. The peepers exchanged excited glances, then went back to trying to blink as little as possible. Mrs. Beckett let her top fall unceremoniously to the ground, revealing a lacy black bra to match her panties and stockings. She then unzipped her skirt and lightly flicked it away with her foot to join her top. 

She looked amazing in her matching bra, thong, and stockings. She posed in the mirror for a few seconds, admiring herself. Then she removed the stockings, considerably more carefully than her other articles of clothing, and laid them on the counter. 

Unaware of the three pairs of eyes feasting on her every inch of exposed skin, Mrs. Beckett undid her bra and let it slip to the ground. Her gorgeous tits shook and jiggled as they were released from their silken confines. Even as big as they were, they seemed to defy gravity; not drooping or sagging in the slightest. They remained perfectly perky, as large and round as bowling balls, nipples standing erect. 

She admired them in the mirror for a bit, then gave her dark, pointy nipples a sharp pinch, letting out a slight "Ooh" as she did so. The sound of heavy breathing permeated the closet as the teenagers reached astronomical levels of arousal. 

Mrs. Beckett then lowered her plying fingers from her breasts and hooked them under the waistband of her thong. Slowly, almost as if she knew she had an audience, she slid her underwear down her long legs. She bent all the way down, fully exposing her ass to her observers, and revealing her tightly clasped lips as she stepped out of her panties. As she turned back towards the closet, her tight, beautiful pussy came into view. The soft outer lips were clamped shut as if they had never been opened, and were shiny with her wetness. She had a small, well-trimmed patch of golden pubic hair, shaved in an arrowhead shape. 

She casually tossed her thong onto her pile of clothes, and did a little twirl in the mirror, causing her ass and boobs to shake and shiver like Jell-O pudding. As she spun, her perfect form twisted and gyrated, flexing lithely like that of a gymnast. 

This was more than the boys could ever have hoped for. Their fear of getting caught had completely evaporated, replaced by the hormone-induced euphoria that was settling over them, entrapping them in Mrs. Beckett's spell. 

She sashayed over to the open shower, her butt flexing and bouncing, and turned the water on, withdrawing before it reached her. She gingerly tested the water with her hand as she adjusted the temperature, until hot steam was billowing from the faucet. Satisfied, Mrs. Beckett entered, not bothering to close the frosted glass door behind her, much to her secret admirers' delight. 

"Aaaah..." She sighed in relief as sheets of water cascaded down her body, wetting her hair and making her shimmer in the dim hotel light. She enjoyed the feeling of hot water flowing down her for a while, then grabbed the shampoo. Mrs. Beckett squirted a handful into her palm, and began lathering her hair with it. 

The shampoo foamed and bubbled, suds being caught in the flow and sliding down her ample curves, coating her with the lavender-scented froth. The white bubbles created a stark contrast with her well-tanned skin, leaving behind soapy trails as they slid along her body. She finished doing her hair, and moved on to her mound, massaging the lather into her pubes. She thrust her pelvis into the flow of water, rinsing her blonde patch out, and sighed heavily, pleased by the hot droplets barraging her delicate pussy lips. 

Mrs. Beckett closed her eyes and began massaging her breasts, rubbing the foam into her skin as she kneaded her enormous tits. "Mmmm..." She moaned in pleasure as she pressed harder, occasionally pinching her nipples and gasping involuntarily. 

"This is too much..." muttered Andy, who by this point was so turned on he had to stop himself from busting out of the closet and attempting to fuck Mrs. Beckett then and there. 

"Tell me about it!" Replied Link, who was suffering from the same level of arousal. 

"Mrs. Beckett is probably the prettiest woman I have ever seen!" Whispered Tom in an awed tone of voice. 

"I can't take this amount of teasing anymore!" Growled Andy, and before the other two realized what he was doing, he yanked down his pants, exposing what appeared to be a black anaconda. 

"Dude, what the hell?!" Hissed Tom, as Andy started rubbing his huge, throbbing cock while staring at Mrs. Beckett. 

"You do realize there are two other guys trapped in this closet with you, right?!" Muttered Link, equal parts uncomfortable and impressed with the size of Andy's dick. 

"Don't care, I gotta let it out somehow!" He said through clenched teeth, and continued his stroking. "Besides, I can practically see your cocks tenting your pants right now!" 

Tom looked down at his raging hard-on, embarrassed, and Link just shrugged. They turned their attention back to Mrs. Beckett, who had finished toying with her breasts and was starting to work on her pussy. 

She pulled the outer lips apart with her fingers, revealing the light pink interior and her huge, throbbing clit. Mrs. Beckett began lightly tracing circles around it with the tip of her finger, brushing her clitoris gently and moaning every time she did so. 

Link decided that he was done passively observing as well, and quietly pulled his pants down. His average-sized cock sprang up, the head already almost blue from the incessant teasing. He grasped himself firmly by the shaft and began to stroke with Andy, precum leaking from the tip of their penises. 

"Come on, Tom, there's no point in hiding the fact that you're aroused, you've even got a wet spot on your PJs!" Wheedled Andy. 

"It's not that, it's just that...well...it's not very...big." Mumbled Tom in embarrassment. 

"So what?" Asked Link bluntly, still staring at Mrs. Beckett touching herself intently. "No way anybody can compare to Andy over there, and we don't give a shit how big your cock is. You really wanna miss this chance?" 

Tom nodded slowly and began pulling down his pants. 

"Come on, dude, just get it over with!" whispered Andy devilishly, and yanked down Tom's pants with one swift jerk. 

"Hey!" hissed Tom angrily, as he tried to hide his penis behind his hands, but not before the others got a good look. It was fully rock-hard, but only about as long as his index finger. 

"Alright, it's done, now quit whining and enjoy the show!" Said Andy, and went back to jerking off. 

Tom glared at him somewhat resentfully, but then followed suit, his whole penis disappearing into his fist as he pumped madly. 

At this point, Mrs. Beckett was leaning against the wall of the shower for support, stroking the length of her cunt with her middle finger and moaning and groaning with gusto. She grabbed the shampoo with her free hand and squirted it all over herself, paying special attention to her breasts, stomach, and pussy, making them shiny and slippery with the stuff. 

She set the bottle down and groped her breasts, lathering the substance all over her chest while she stuffed one, then two fingers into her sopping cunt. She cried out in ecstasy as she roughly massaged her tits and vigorously finger fucked herself! 

The three boys were breathing heavily, each getting closer as the most amazing show of their lives unfolded before them. Precum dripped from their swollen cocks and coated their hands and dicks, making a wet, slippery noise as they stroked. 

Mrs. Beckett was fingering herself even harder and faster, sticking a third finger in her pussy and moaning even more profusely. Her breath started coming in short, rapid gasps as she approached her climax. 

"Aaaaah!" She cried, and thrust her hips forward, riding her hand as she came, fluid spraying from her cunt! "Oh! Oh! Oh, yes!" She screamed, roughly fondling her clit as she penetrated herself with her fingers, shaking and twitching in euphoria!  

"Mmmm..." Groaned Tom as quietly as he could, as his tiny cock erupted, twitching as it shot cum all over his hand, legs, and the floor of the closet. He arched his back uncontrollably and groaned again as semen continued to flow, gushing out in remarkable volume. 

Almost simultaneously, Andy grunted and let forth an absolute torrent of sperm, firing load after load onto the floor, his legs, his hands, and the closet door. As he released his cock and leaned back contentedly, it jerked upward and let loose one final rivulet, which arced back and splattered into his hair and onto his face. 

"Awww, gross!" He said reflexively, and immediately clamped his hands over his mouth, further smearing cum onto himself. Tom chuckled somewhat evilly. 

"Guys!" Hissed Link, still peering through the slats, "She's-" 

The door was yanked open to reveal Mrs. Beckett, fully nude and standing over them imperiously as she inspected the three terrified boys, hands on her hips. 

Link passed the point of no return. He had already released his dick, but the sight of his beautiful teacher standing over him, pussy dripping and nipples erect had pushed him over the edge. He came uncontrollably while she watched, his cock jerking and spasming as it released rivers of semen everywhere, some even landing on Mrs. Beckett's feet. 

As it shot one last load onto the closet floor, the three voyeurs looked up slowly at Mrs. Beckett, who had simply stood there and watched the whole display. She looked down at her students, kneeling in pools of cum in her closet, covered in their own fluids, and frowned at them. 

"You three have been discovered, in your teacher's closet, spying on her, and wanking shamelessly!" She exclaimed in her sexy english accent. "Well, what do you have to say for yourselves?!" 

"Um...sorry?" Replied Tom meekly, shrinking under her penetrating stare. 

"Yeah, sorry and, uh, please don't murder us?" Added Andy, also rapidly becoming flaccid from fear. 

"Would you like me to lick the cum off your toes, ma'am?" Asked Link sarcastically. 

The other two looked at him in horror, sure that he had just sealed their doom with his wildly ill-timed smart-assery. 

Mrs. Beckett flashed him an almost evil grin, and replied, "That's mistress to you!" and shoved her left foot into his mouth. 

Link had never been so surprised in his life. He was expecting her to rip him a new one, and all of a sudden he had her cum-covered foot in his mouth. 

"Listen here, you three." She said authoritatively. "You will do exactly as I say, no questions asked, and you will never speak of it to anyone, or I will have all of you expelled. Is that clear?" The three nodded, although Link's gesture was somewhat impeded by the toes still in his mouth. "Excellent. Then I think I will make you fulfill your promise, Lincoln. Lick my toes clean!" 

He grunted somewhat nervously, unsure of himself since his sarcasm had never backfired in quite this way before, and began to swirl his tongue around Mrs. Beckett's foot, trying not to think about what he was doing. 

"Mmmm, yes, stick your tongue between my toes!" She moaned, wiggling them in his mouth. He complied as his friends watched in some combination of fascination and horror, wondering what punishment would befall them. "Good, now the other one!" She ordered, replacing her left foot with her right. "My God, you're actually enjoying this, aren't you?!" She asked maliciously, noticing that Link had an erection as he fervently sucked her toes. 

"That's enough, you pervert!" Mrs. Beckett said, and pulled her foot from Link's mouth. She moved on to Andy, who gulped audibly and looked down to avoid her piercing green eyes. "You're certainly well-endowed, aren't you?" She said, sounding almost impressed as she looked down at his cock, unusually large even while limp. "You always were the confident one...What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?" 

Andy looked up at her, and nervously asked "Well, what could I possibly say in this situation?" 

"How about something like, 'Oh please, Mrs. Beckett, fuck me like the little slut I am!'" She replied in a high, mocking voice made all the more venomous by her accent. 
