 This story follows perfectly in sequence with Part 1.

*****

As Matt continued rubbing Amanda's clit with her pussy juices, I kissed her passionately, squeezing her nipples and kneading her breasts with my hand. She had such beautiful, round breasts with the most perfectly proportionate nipples. I couldn't help myself and absolutely had to stop kissing her so I could take a nipple in my mouth and taste it. I flicked my tongue back and forth across her hard nipple, sucking on it every now and again and as I heard her moaning in pleasure, I could feel my own pussy getting wetter.

"Baby, why don't you go ahead and start eating her pussy," Matt suggested. He didn't have to tell me twice. I slithered down the bed and parted her legs only to see the most perfect pussy I had ever seen: pink and glistening with wetness. It looked so delicious that I wanted to dive right in but instead, I took my time kissing up her right inner thigh and back down the left one to her knee, teasing her. Matt suddenly reached out and shoved two fingers in my mouth and that little taste of her was enough to convince me it was time to stop teasing. I leaned down between her legs and kissed her right on the pussy, softly, gently, just enough to make her whole body quiver. Matt was stroking her hair and sucking on one of her nipples as I took my first lick straight from the bottom of her pussy right up to her clit. She tasted like absolute heaven. 

I began licking her clit, flicking my tongue across it in all directions, sucking on it, encouraged by the delicious soft moans and panting breath I heard above my head. I moved down and put my tongue as deeply into her pussy as I could wiggled it around inside her. It was the best pussy I had ever tasted in my life and I couldn't get enough. I wanted to eat her pussy all day long. Then, I reached up and placed my hands on the backs of her thighs, pushing her legs back, and moved down even lower to lick her tight little asshole. My tongue traced circles around it before I pushed my tongue in a little; her asshole was so tight I automatically knew she was probably an anal virgin. Helping Matt take her anal virginity was going to be such a wonderful experience later. 

"Okay, baby, it's my turn. I need to taste her pussy, too. And you know what? I think she needs to taste yours."

"Yes, please. I've never tasted pussy and I want to taste yours so bad," Amanda pleaded with me as Matt moved down between her legs. Before I could even straddle her face, Matt was passionately eating Amanda's dripping wet pussy, moaning into it. I knew he would love her perfectly sweet taste. 

While Matt kept licking and sucking Amanda's clit, I straddled her face and slowly lowered my wet pussy to her mouth. I first felt a timid lick across my clit. I remembered what it was like the first time I ever went down on another woman; I was scared of the taste, the smell, if I would do it right, but I ended up loving it and craved pussy just as much as I craved cock. After a few more timid licks, I felt Amanda put her tongue inside me just like I had done to her. It was so fucking hot knowing this sweet, innocent 18 year-old had her tongue in a pussy for the first time ever, and I was glad it was mine. Amanda got bolder and bolder as she went, licking and sucking my clit and my pussy until I reached the point of no return and I began to feel an orgasm building up in my body. My legs tensed up, I could feel my ass cheeks clenching just as I was about to reach climax, and finally I couldn't hold it back anymore and I exploded, panting and moaning from how incredible Amanda was with her warm pink tongue. As I stayed there catching my breath and feeling soft, gentle little licks from my pussy to my clit, I heard Amanda begin to moan. I moved off her face and positioned myself beside her; I wanted to see what her beautiful face looked like when she came.

"That's it, sugar. Cum for Matt," I whispered as I gently tugged on her hard nipples and kissed her shoulder and neck. Within seconds, she was pulling his face into her pussy by his hair, moaning loudly as her body jerked with convulsions. 

"Holy fuck, oh my God, that's it, that's it," she moaned until she took one last deep breath and held it. When she finally released her breath, her whole body relaxed, her arms and legs spread out around her in an exhausted Raggedy Ann limp position. Matt was grinning when he came up from between her legs, his face wet from her pussy. He moved up beside me and began kissing me so I could taste her on his tongue while she recovered beside us.

"Now that you girls have gotten yours, I think it's time that I get mine, don't you?"