 (This is the conclusion of Parts 1 & 2, Matt, Scarlett, and Amanda's first sexual experience as a polyamorous triad)



Matt stood up beside the bed and motioned to Amanda and I. Immediately, I went over and kneeled on the floor in front of him, and Amanda followed my lead and did the same. When Matt unzipped his jeans and dropped them to the floor along with his boxers, Amanda gasped in surprise.

"It's so...BIG!" she exclaimed.

Matt's cock was slightly above average in length, about six inches, but the girth was what I found particularly impressive. It was so thick I couldn't get my hands around it, the kind of cock that really stretches a pussy out and gives that incredible full feeling. I couldn't wait for him to put it inside of Amanda so she could feel herself coming apart at the limbs.

"Thank you, baby," Matt said as he reached down and stroked her hair. I began to lick the tip of his cock, around the smooth head and down along the edge before trailing my tongue back and forth along the length of it. Soon, Amanda eagerly joined me, licking his thick cock for the first time. I could hear Matt groaning as he looked down at his two girls sharing his cock. I tilted my head down and sucked one of his balls into my mouth, my tongue dancing around it while Amanda took Matt's cock into her mouth completely. I could see her wide-set eyes gazing up at him, and he gazed right back into hers lovingly. He gently placed his hand on the back of her head and began encouraging her to bob her mouth back and forth on his dick while I continue licking and sucking on his warm, full balls. When I finally raised up, mine and Amanda's eyes met and we began to kiss passionately with the tip of his cock in between our tongues. Matt moaned in ecstasy at the feeling of our tongues dancing across his most sensitive spot, so incredibly aroused by seeing us sharing his thick, perfect cock.

"Amanda, baby, why don't you get over on the bed on your hands and knees, and Scarlett, I want to see you eat her ass while I fuck you," Matt encouraged. Amanda climbed onto the bed and crawled across to the other side, positioning herself on her knees with her face down close to the bed. I could see that glorious firm, young ass of hers in the air, her pretty pink pussy just dripping wet and I immediately followed behind and got on my hands and knees. I gently traced my tongue from her clit through the pink folds of her pussy (God, did her pussy taste so good) and up to her tight little asshole. Matt and I loved ass play so when I saw how easygoing and open to it Amanda was, I knew she really would be the right fit for us. I buried my face between her round cheeks, tracing circles around her asshole, then licking up and down and left to right across it. I fucking loved eating her ass and I knew Matt's cock would be rock hard watching me. 

"That's it. You two are my good girls. Amanda, honey, why don't you rub your clit?" Matt suggested and immediately, she reached between her legs and began to rub slowly. As she did that, I felt Matt line up behind me and run the tip of his cock up and down along my pussy to get it wet before he thrust it deeply into me. 

"Oh, fuck!" I exclaimed before returning to the task at hand: eating my new 18 year-old girlfriend's ass while the boyfriend we shared fucked me. Matt started out slowly, thrusting his perfect cock in and out of my wet pussy while I tongued Amanda's ass. I reached up and slid my middle finger into her pussy – fuck, she was so wet and so tight. I pulled her finger out and sucked the wetness off before leaning back down to lick her pussy and suck on her clit. The three of us continued sucking and fucking, all of us moaning and panting with pleasure.

"I think it's Amanda's turn to get fucked, don't you, darling?" Matt asked, slowing his thrusting but still keeping his cock in me. "Amanda, honey, are you on birth control?"

"Yes."

"And you haven't skipped any days? I would really like to be able to cum in you. Scarlett has an IUD and we'll get you one soon, too."

"I haven't skipped any; I have an alarm set so I always remember to take it. I want you to cum in me so bad, Matt. Please cum in me," Amanda pleaded as she turned around to face Matt and I. 

"Good girl. I'm going to fuck your sweet little pussy and I'm going to fill you up with my cum, baby," Matt replied. 

I moved on the bed and positioned myself sitting up against the headboard, my legs spread, and patted on the spot between my legs for Amanda. I wanted to look into Matt's eyes while he fucked our teenage girlfriend for the first time. She crawled over and positioned herself between my legs, laying back on my chest with my breasts as a pillow for her. I reached down and began playing with her hard nipples as Matt made his way over between her legs. He positioned himself and using only the wetness from my pussy, he slid his cock into her pussy. 

"Fuck, you are so tight, just like Scarlett," Matt said as he pushed every inch into her. "You feel so fucking good, Amanda."

I began kissing her neck and shoulders, stroking her hair with one hand and pinching her nipple with the other. She was moaning now, grunting with every thrust Matt made into her pussy. I trailed my hand down even further and began to rub her clit. I wanted her to cum so badly, the muscle contractions in her pussy squeezing the cum out of Matt's cock into her. It wasn't long before I heard her breath start to quicken and she began twitching wildly with an orgasm.

"That's it, baby, cum for me," I whispered in her ear as Matt groaned loudly in explosion, too. I loved knowing that he was shooting his huge load into her tight little pussy; nothing has ever turned me on quite like my sexy boyfriend filling girls up with cum does. 

"Fuck, Amanda. That was so fucking good. Now I want you to squeeze and keep my cum in you and straddle Scarlett's face. I want her to eat my cum out of your pussy, baby," Matt ordered. Amanda did as she was told and immediately straddled my face as I moved down to lay flat on my back. As soon as she moved her hand off her pussy, cum came dripping out, drenching my cheeks and falling into my open mouth. Matt had the sweetest cum I had ever tasted and I loved eating it out of the women we fucked. This time, I got to eat it out of our teenage girlfriend. I immediately felt Matt move between my legs and dive in to start eating my pussy; he knew I would cum quickly because eating his ejaculate out of Amanda's pussy would turn me on so much. As I started to feel an orgasm build, I buried my face in Amanda's dripping wet pussy, tasting all of her sweet wetness mixed in with Matt's delicious cum, and in no time I was moaning into her pussy, my face totally soaked with cum as my hips began bucking and shaking with an orgasm. As soon as I started to calm down, I leaned my head back and without even being told, Amanda moved down to straddle me and started licking up the cum off my face.

"Well aren't you just a good little girl?" Matt said as he moved up on the bed to lie beside us. Amanda licked up every drop, cleaning my face before she kissed my mouth passionately, passing cum back and forth between our lips and around our tongues. We finally both swallowed what was in our mouths, and she climbed across Matt's body to lie down beside him. He lifted his arms and let the two of us snuggle up close on either side, our heads on his chest. We stayed there smiling at each other as he put his arms around us, stroking both of our backs.

"I am one lucky man. I've got the two most beautiful girls in the world," Matt said softly as he played with our hair. Amanda leaned her head back to kiss Matt sweetly, and then he kissed me, too. We all three drifted off to sleep curled up like that, exactly the way we would for a long, long time.