 My girlfriend's old roommate and best friend arrived for a visit. On the first night at our place, my girlfriend, Phoebe, told me that she and her old friend, Abby, had been lovers and wanted to pick up where they left off more than a year ago. I was now trying to figure out if I was losing my girl or if the three of us were moving toward some new three-way relationship. The women left for a night at an inn in Maine and I was on my own.

After sending the women on their way, I walked around my condo feeling more than a little lost and frustrated. I wondered if Phoebe would return as my girlfriend or as my former girlfriend.

Like any decent lawyer the solution to most problems is racking up billable hours. Arriving at my empty office, I immersed myself in client matters and allowed my mind to focus on something besides confusing relationships. I received a couple texts from Phoebe announcing their arrival in Maine and then that they loved the room and the view was awesome.

By the time I took a break, it was almost 6:30 and I was starved. As I thought about dinner I engaged in self-pity thinking how I had to eat alone. The girls were having a first-class meal in a quaint inn and then going to their room for hot sex. I felt I was entitled to indulge myself a bit. The image of Regan and Angie in their bikinis popped in my mind. Yesterday at the beach we met these two college girls. Abby punked me by pulling my bathing suit to my ankles and letting them see me naked. That unintended flashing still gave me a thrill. The girls laughed it off and made a joke at my seriously shriveled manhood by nick-naming me "Snail Man."

I made up my mind to go to the restaurant where they were working. Maybe a little flirting on my part would even the imbalance I was experiencing with Phoebe and Abby being together. So, with some ego-bolstering in mind, I pulled my car out of the garage and headed south.

I pulled into the parking lot at the restaurant about a half hour later. I asked the hostess if the girls were working. She said they were and I requested to be seated at one of their tables, preferably on the deck. I was taking a sip of water when Regan stopped at my table.

It took her a second and then she smiled. "Snail-man!"

I laughed and said hello. Maybe this would not be the ego-boost I was seeking. They only knew what they had seen in the cold Atlantic-a limp little lump. 

Regan excused herself and said she'd be right back. In a minute she returned with Angie. They both stood grinning at me.

"Where are the ladies?" Angie asked.

"York."

"And you're here because...?" Angie followed-up.

"I had some work and they needed some time by themselves. And, well, I needed some Jamie time."

"That is so cool," said Regan. She looked up and saw the manager looking their way.

"Hey, gotta run," said Angie. "Maybe we can catch up later. We're off at 8 tonight."

I nodded and ordered a Shipyard Monkey Fist IPA. Regan returned in a few minutes with a tall schooner of the dark brew. I ordered the "Fisherman's Broiled and Boiled Platter" and told Regan to bring another beer the next time she passed by. As I enjoyed my beer, I looked out at the Atlantic. Many of the daytrippers had already left. The beach was now populated by couples with dogs. People were walking the beach as the tide had receded. The setting sun placed the deck in deep shadows and illuminated the beach. The wind had calmed and a perfect beach day slowly wound to an end along the New Hampshire coast.

Regan dropped off my second IPA and I could feel the vague tingling effect of the first as I took down a long pull. Angie stopped by after taking an order from the couple at the next table. She asked about my work. We chatted for a short time before Regan arrived with my dinner. I asked for a third beer. 

Regan took my order and said she hoped I wasn't driving tonight. I laughed and told her I would be just fine.

The combination of scallops, shrimp, cod and lobster was excellent. The accompanying coleslaw and rice pilaf added a good balance to the meal. I ordered a Chardonnay to have with my meal. I was all mellow as the last bite of lobster slid down my throat along with the final swallow of wine. 

Regan cleared and asked if I wanted anything else. I asked for coffee and a glass of Glenmorangie neat.

She bent over to speak into my ear. "Jamie, I can't serve you that if you're driving. My ass would be in serious trouble."

Letting the alcohol take over my better judgment, I said, "Well, we'd better not let anything happen to that sweet ass." I patted her butt and then pulled my car keys out and plopped them in her hand.

"How will you get home?" she asked.

"Not my problem," I said with a smirk.

Regan shrugged, pocketed my keys and headed toward the back of the restaurant. Five minutes later I was sipping coffee and enjoying the heady aroma of the single malt scotch. Angie swung by and said she and Regan decided one of them would drive my car and the other would follow in order to get me home.

"In that case, please ask Regan to bring another of these babies," I said as I wiggled the nearly empty glass. Angie rolled her eyes and smiled before she disappeared.

At a little past eight, Regan said she and Angie were just about finished. I handed her my credit card and she returned with the bill. I added a 25% tip and gave her the receipt. I stood and took a second to steady myself. Angie slipped her arm through mine and led me out and down the stairs to the ground level. Regan had pulled my Z4 to the front. 

"Are you sure you can drive a stick?" I asked.

"Too late for that question," she said. "Climb in."

"Where do you live?" Regan asked.

"Not telling you," I said. 

"How can we take you home?"

"Don't want to go home. No one's there anyway." I was feeling smug with my answers. Of course if I were sober I would know I was just being an asshole.

Regan and Angie exchanged a look. "Where do you want to go?"

I looked at the pretty blond sitting in the driver's seat. 

"Let's go get a drink. I want to spend some time with two really cute ladies."

"Don't you already have really cute ladies?" Regan asked.

"Yep, but they're not here. You know what they say, if you can't be with the one you love, then love the one you're with."

"Thanks for that three decades old bit of wisdom," she answered. 

"I like the oldies," I said.

"Figures, given your age."

Regan chuckled and tossed her head. She had loosened her hair and it now flowed down to her shoulders. Looking at Angie she said, "Meet us at Hollis Street?"

"Probably the easiest," her friend replied and walked to her car, I assumed.

"What's Hollis Street?" I asked and wondered if I were slurring my words.

"Buckle up, Snail-man, and enjoy the ride."

Regan slammed it into gear and left a trail of rubber as she sped down Ocean Boulevard. She snapped into second and another chirp of rubber filled the night air. Any doubts about her ability to drive the BMW quickly vanished as my balls retreated into my shrinking scrotum when she took a turn at twice the speed I would have dared.

"Uh, guess you like going fast," I said.

"Fuck yes," she yelled over the wind. 

We were headed away from the ocean and in a few minutes I could see we were going toward Durham. "Are you taking me home with you?" I asked and noticed I was definitely slurring my words.

"Can't take you to a bar," she said and eased into fifth gear.

"Why not?" I demanded.

"You're drunk." The car tracked around a bend in the road and then shot straight ahead.

"I am not," I protested. "I admit to being a little high, but that's it."

"Okay, but we're still not going to a bar. They'd toss you out on your ass. Besides, we know most of the people working in the bars and we don't to ruin our rep. You can come home with us."

"Now we're talking," I said. "Think you two can handle me?"

Regan laughed. "Yeah, Jamie, I think we can."

The rest of the ride was a blur due to the speed and the fact that my head was spinning. Regan pulled the car into a driveway next to a grey duplex. A minute later a Honda Civic pulled in next to us. With a girl on each arm, we made it up the steps into their second-floor apartment.

The place was small but seemed cozy. The living room and kitchen were one open space. The furniture consisted of a couch, side chair, flat screen TV on a low table and a small kitchen table.

"Okay, let's have a drink," I announced.

"Think you might have had enough?" asked Angie.

"Just one nightcap," I said. "Let me fix you guys my patented margaritas."

Regan looked at her friend. "Just go with the flow, Angie." They stood on either side of me and I slid my hands on to two tight butts.

"How about concentrating on the drinks, Jamie," said Angie. She and Regan removed my hands.

Regan pulled out a bottle of tequila, one of Triple Sec and a large bottle of lime juice. I asked for a pitcher and she dug one out of the corner cabinet. As she was doing this I took a drink of the tequila from the bottle. Usually I am precise in making a drink, but tonight I sloppily poured the ingredients into the large pitcher. I stirred it, added ice and said we should go into the living room section. I had the feeling I was talking on and on, but I assumed I was also being charming. I took one last swig of straight tequila.

I insisted on carrying the full pitcher. I wondered how the night would progress from here. Maybe if I couldn't have Phoebe and Abby in my bed, I just might as well have Angie and Regan. I smiled at the thought of my sexual prowess. As I approached the couch I felt something was not quite right. The rest was pure black.

*** 

Why wouldn't that pounding stop? My eyes were shut and there was something covering my head. The pounding, I realized, was not coming from the outside—it was inside my head. I slowly rubbed a temple, but the pounding only intensified. Now, there was a ringing in my ears.

Torture. I was being tortured. Suddenly, the ringing stopped, but the pounding continued. I tried to remember what happened. I did remember drinking a Scotch and smiling a lot. Then, I recalled wind blowing over me and something blond whipping around.

God, the ringing in my ears was back. It was then that the first revelation hit me. The ringing was not inside my head, but was a phone. As I tried to concentrate, I recognized the distinctive ringtone I used for my office. 

I pulled the cloth from my head and both the pounding and ringing intensified. Added to that was my panic that my eyes were on fire. It took me a second to realize that it was just the light pouring in through a window. Slamming my eyes shut, I came to the second realization. I had no clue where I was.

The ringing stopped. I opened one eye and looked around. I saw my phone a few feet away next to the TV. It started ringing again and I knew I had to answer it since it was my office. I kicked off the sheet laid over me and came to my third realization. I was naked.

Wincing I stood and half stumbled to the phone. "Hello"

"Jesus, Jamie, where the hell are you? I've been trying to reach you forever."

I did not want to admit to my administrative assistant that I had no idea where I was. "What's up?"

"What's up?!" she cried. "You were scheduled to meet with Alice."

I now remembered that I had a meeting with our managing partner for this morning. "What time is it, Cassie?"

"God, Jamie, what's the matter with you? It's nearly eleven-thirty."

My mind was racing. Where was I and how could I have slept to this late hour?

"Can you let Alice know I was involved in some client work and couldn't get away to answer my phone to let you know I would not make the meeting. Reschedule for this afternoon. But, not before one."

"Chill, Jamie. Lucky for you she called early and told me to reschedule for tomorrow. I've been trying to reach you because I was worried."

"Thank God. But, I'm okay and I'll be in soon."

I ended the call and heard giggling. I turned to see two young women standing a few feet away. One was blond and wore a beater tee shirt doing a terrible job of hiding round breasts as her nipples kept peeking out while exposing a tight tummy and tiny bikini bottoms. The other was a brunette and was clad only in a tiny pair of black bikini bottoms. Her exposed breasts jiggled as she laughed. I finally came to the fourth and most telling realization. My cock was hard as a rock.

"Guess we'll have to drop the 'snail-man,'" said the blond, whom I now remembered was Regan.

"Definitely. I think we should call him 'Rod,'" said Angie. The two of them cracked themselves up and laughed, holding their stomachs.

I felt a wave of nausea hit me. "Bathroom," I barked.

Regan grabbed my hand and led me to the toilet. She closed the door and I prayed they did not hear me retching. Finally finishing, I stood at the sink and used my hand to scoop water into my mouth to rinse out the vile taste. I opened the door and walked back to the living room.

"Good morning. Sorry," I said. "Uh, why am I naked?" At least my erection had somewhat subsided. The brunette had donned a crop top shirt.

Angie smiled. "I guess you don't remember making a huge pitcher of margaritas?"

I started to shake my head but the pain stopped me cold. "No," I said.

"And then you must definitely not remember spilling the entire pitcher on yourself as you passed out and fell to the floor. You drenched your shirt, pants, underwear—everything. We took your clothes to wash them, put you on the couch and covered you up."

"So, I didn't, you know, try something stupid, you know."

"No, Jamie, other than passing out drunk, you were a perfect gentleman," said Regan. "Well, there was the grabbing of our asses and some slurred remarks about what you'd do to our boobs with your mouth. And, you did cop a feel of my boobs. But, otherwise you were a gentleman. I'll get your clothes."

She returned with a neat pile. I pulled my underwear from the stack and slipped them on. "Again, I am so sorry."

"It's cool," said Angie. "I guess having your girlfriend shack up with a woman might be a bit unnerving."

"I talked about that?"

They nodded in unison.

"I thought you said I passed out."

Regan nodded. "You did, but while you were mixing the margaritas, fondling our butts, grabbing my tit and lusting on Angie's boobs, you had quite a story."

I sat on the couch and put my head in my hands. Angie sat next to me. She handed me a tall glass of orange juice.

"Sip this. You need to get some sugar back in your system. Also, take these." She handed me three extra strength Advils.

I took the pills and leaned back. Sipping the juice I felt some strength return.

"Thanks, guys. I appreciate it."

Regan sat on the arm of the couch. She stroked my hair. "No problem, Jamie. We didn't want you driving in your condition. I guess you needed to let off some steam. We're just glad it was us and not someone else."

"Me, too," I said. "I owe you guys."

"Not to worry," said Angie. "Do you think you can drive? You told the person on the phone that you'd be in the office soon. It's almost twelve. I imagine you want to get home, showered and dressed. You should hurry."

I quickly finished dressing. Giving each girl a hug, I thanked them again. I backed the Beemer onto the road. With a beep, I headed home. The sun was searing my brain even as I wore my shades. I wondered if I could pull myself together enough to make it into the office. At my place I showered, dressed and, hoping that I could hold it together, headed out to my office.

Cassie eyed me suspiciously as I walked into my office still wearing shades. She brought me a coffee and I greedily took a big sip, burning my mouth, but not caring.

She closed the door and stood next to me. "God, Jamie, pull it together. You can't let people see you like you're coming off a three-day bender. Did you shave?"

I rubbed my cheek and discovered I must have missed a couple spots. "Oops." She looked at my hands that had slight tremors.

Sighing, Cassie opened my desk drawer and pulled out the electric razor I kept there. My hand shook as I reached for it. Shaking her head, she turned it on and ran it over my entire face. The buzzing only aggravated my headache, but I said nothing.

"That's better. What the hell happened to you?"

"Long story, Cassie. Thanks for helping."

She pointed to a thick file on my desk. "That's the Webster file Alice wants to discuss. I did a short summary and put it on top. God, I hope you can pull it together by tomorrow." She spun around and left my office, softly closing the door behind her.

I opened the file and tried to read the contents. It was then I realized I still wore sunglasses. I pulled them off and almost screamed as the bright florescent lights hit my eyes. I was plodding through the folder when Cassie reappeared.

"Jamie, I think you need some undisturbed time to review all that material," Cassie said. She turned off the overhead lights and closed my office door. I made a mental note to send her a gift certificate for her and her boyfriend to have dinner on me.

I tilted my chair back, closed my eyes and willed the throbbing to stop.

It was almost five when Cassie touched my shoulder. I sat up with a start.

"Easy, Jamie. I thought you could go home now. It's really slow and people are filtering out. Get a good night's rest. See you in the morning." Even in our pressure-packed office, the lure of a perfect summer day made even the most aggressive attorneys grab a few hours of sunshine during the short New Hampshire summer.

I packed the folder into my briefcase and made my way to the garage. After arriving home I stripped to my underwear and crawled into bed. I awoke around seven feeling better. I found my briefcase and reviewed the material for tomorrow's meeting. 

I felt the pangs in my stomach and went to the kitchen to look for some food. Along the way I picked up my phone from the charging station where I parked it after work and noticed a bunch of texts from Phoebe. There were also some missed calls and two voicemails.

I fixed a bowl of Cheerios and scrolled through the texts. It seems she and Abby planned to stay in Maine and would be back late Tuesday afternoon. Phoebe suggested we all have dinner on Tuesday evening. The rest of the messages were asking if I received the earlier ones. The calls were from Phoebe, as was the voicemail.

"Jamie, I've been texting you, but you're not responding. Is everything all right? I can come home if you don't want me to stay another day. Please call me. I'm worried."

I dialed Phoebe. She answered on the first ring. "Are you all right?"

"Yes, fine. Sorry I haven't gotten back to you."

"But is everything okay? Are you pissed at me? You're not going to break up with me, are you?"

"Phoebe, relax. I went out last night and got wasted. I ran into the girls from the beach."

"Who?"

"Angie and Regan, you know, we met them at the beach and had lobster rolls together."

"Oh, yeah. Where'd you run into them?"

"At their restaurant. I went there to eat."

"Why there?"

I felt like screaming, "because I was depressed and pissed and wanted to flirt with pretty girls," but I didn't. 

"Just felt like seeing someone I knew," I said.

"You hardly know them, Jamie. We just saw them that one time. Right?"

"That's right, but, I don't know, I just didn't want to be alone. No big deal."

"Why didn't you answer my texts, then?"

"Look, Phoebe, we can talk about it tomorrow."

"No, Jamie, tell me. Did you sleep with them?"

My mind raced with possible answers. I thought of one possible response. "You're fucking your girlfriend, but I can't have some fun myself?"

In the end, I took a breath and said, "Of course not. Listen, I overdid it at the restaurant and they had to drive me."
