 Matt and I had been together for a couple of years and had always known we wanted to be in a polyamorous triad with another woman, but so far we hadn't had any luck finding someone we wanted long-term. We'd had plenty of threesomes with beautiful women, but most were one-night stands or just weren't looking for what we were. Until we met Amanda. 

Amanda was young, just turned 18, innocent and impressionable. She had been dragged to our apartment for a party with her cousin, a friend of ours. Barely 5'1" and weighing about 110 pounds, she was a tiny little thing with long natural red hair and full, perky breasts. She was beautiful, exactly what Matt and I had physically dreamed of. Amanda was shy at first, timid around people in their late twenties but once we got her talking, we found instantly that we both really enjoyed her. For a couple of months, we simply invited her to hang out with us, taking her to dinner, spending time in the park just getting to know her. Matt and I were both smitten and hoping to take it to the next level soon, so we planned a night in to explain to her about what we wanted and gauge if she might be open to trying it. 

I heard a knock at the door as I was stirring the pasta, and yelled, "Come on in!" Within a moment, Amanda appeared in the kitchen and came over to hug me. She smelled so sweet and her happy smile instantly brightened my day. 

"That smells so good, Scarlett. I can't wait to eat, I'm starving. I brought like 5 movies so we have a bunch to choose from," Amanda said, kicking off her shoes and setting her purse down. She wandered over to the living room where Matt was watching the news. "Hey, you!"

"Hey yourself! Glad you could come. We've been wanting a lazy night in for a while," he said.

They sat comfortably chatting about the news while I finished preparing dinner and setting the table. Once it was finished, I called Matt and Amanda in and we all sat down to eat together. It was so comfortable, the three of us, laughing and talking about school. Matt was in pharmacy school, I had just finished nursing school, and Amanda had just started her freshman year at college studying journalism. 

Once we had finished eating, they helped me load up the dishwasher and get the kitchen back in order before we all headed to the living room. I sat down on the couch and Amanda instantly came and sat right next to me, embracing my arm in hers. I loved when she snuggled with me like that and hoped so much that after our conversation, she would want to do that with me much more. Matt sat down in the chair across from the couch where we were and looked at Amanda directly.

"Honey, we want to talk to you," he said softly. Amanda sat up straighter and took my hand in hers. I could sense fear radiating off her, but I'm still not quite sure what she was afraid of.

"O...kay..."

"It's nothing bad. Quite the opposite, really. Amanda, Scarlett and I really like you. A lot. We both love spending time with you. We think you are intelligent and funny and beautiful. Just a wonderful girl," Matt began. "But Amanda, you need to know that we have feelings for you."

She sat there silently, releasing my hand and leaning a little away from me. "What do you mean, you have feelings for me? Both of you?"

"Yes, sweetie. We both like you very much. I know that you know I'm bisexual and like women just as much as I like men. Amanda, we asked you here tonight to explain to you that we're polyamorous. It means that we both desire to have a relationship with other people outside of this relationship. Specifically, with you. We would be so incredibly happy if you would be a part of what is called a polyfidelitous triad with us, where three people date each other equally and monogamously. I know this is incredibly confusing and we don't even know if you would like being with a woman or not, but..."

"Yes."

"Yes what?" I asked.

"Yes. I want that. So much."

"Seriously? Amanda, you probably need time to think about this. Do you know if you're even bi? Do you understand the parameters of what we're asking of you?"

"You both want to date me and each other. I get that. We would all three be dating each other. And I've never been with another girl but I know that I'm attracted to you so I want to try."

"Simple as that?" Matt asked.

"Simple as that. I like you guys a lot, both of you. I enjoy spending time with you. I am attracted to both of you. I don't see why we can't give it a try."

Out of pure excitement, I couldn't help but take her beautiful face in my hands and gently kiss her full, soft lips. Instead of feeling her jerk back in reaction, she scooted back closer to me and began moving her tongue in my mouth. We sat there kissing passionately for several moments while Matt watched us patiently.

"Wow. That was amazing," Amanda said as she caught her breath. Matt slowly rose from his seat in the chair and came over to sit on the ottoman in front of us. Like me, he took her face in his big hands gently and kissed her passionately. It was incredibly hot to watch my boyfriend kissing this beautiful young woman. Then, once they stopped kissing, Matt put his hands on the backs of both our heads and pulled us into him, all three of our tongues dancing with each other in our very first triple kiss. We had made it a rule never to kiss the women we fucked but with Amanda, it was different. She was potentially going to be our girlfriend.

"Why don't you girls come to the bedroom," Matt said, standing up. Amanda and I both rose, and I gently took her hand in mine.

"Honey, we won't do anything you don't want to. You let us know your limits and we'll respect that. We have plenty of time to explore what we all like together," I whispered to her as we followed Matt to the bedroom. She nodded in agreement.

Once we got there, Matt sat down on the bed and watched as I pulled Amanda's top off. I reached behind her and released her breasts from her bra, and then removed my own top and bra. We stood there before Matt in an embrace, our nipples touching as we passionately kissed. I traced my lips down her neck and across her shoulders before I took her breast in my hand and began to suck on her hard little nipple. She leaned back, pushing her tits out toward my face, and moaned. While I went back and forth licking and sucking on her perfect nipples, Matt was busy undoing her jeans and pulling them down with her underwear and then doing the same to me. 

"Amanda, honey, why don't you lie down in the middle that way Scarlett and I can take care of you," Matt said. Amanda crawled into our king-sized bed on all fours before she laid down on her back in the middle. I could see her perfect, tiny body: those gorgeous tits, a small waist, and a completely hairless pussy. Matt and I laid down on either side of her and he began kissing her as I went back to sucking on her nipple. I could see Matt's hand tracing up and down her thigh and soon she had parted her legs, inviting him in. He reached between her legs and dipped two of his fingers into her wet pussy, using it as lubricant to start rubbing her clit. 

"You are so wet, baby. I have a feeling you're really going to like playing with us."