 I guess that it is most men’s fantasy to have sex with two people whoever they may be and in whatever combination. For me the fantasy has always involved two women, I haven’t yet discovered my bisexual side and perhaps I never will. Anyway such fantasies have been the subject of countless wanks and I have never come close to the real thing except for a time when I was at university and a mate’s girlfriend tossed us both off at the same time one night in the local park. We weren’t allowed to touch her though. I suppose that she must have got something out of it but I’m not sure what.

I had therefore resigned myself to the thought that the only way I would get a threesome was to pay for it and I have never got around to that as I feel that I would be too embarrassed, despite what I might say to male friends. This has all changed now that I have met Alice.

Alice is 32 with blond hair, slim with lovely firm tits. She works as a teacher and likes nothing better than going to school in a smart suit with stockings and suspenders and lacy little knickers. I love watching her getting dressed in the morning knowing that I can think about her all day and that she will be coming home to fuck the living daylights out of me in the evening. I particularly love kissing her and then sliding her pants off whilst she goes down on me in a 69 position. I then lift up her skirt for a great view of her asshole and gorgeous cunt. I then lick and suck her whilst she gives me a blowjob. When she is wet I slide a finger into her cunt and put some of her juices around her asshole and slip my finger into her little opening. This really turns me on and I start to get really excited, pushing my face into her wet softness licking her cunt and ass.

She lifts her head and starts to moan and whisper “Oh God that is so good…..lick me faster” She pushes back on to my face wriggling her dripping cunt all over me. “Oh yeeessss” she says “Fuck me, fuck me”. I lean back and slip two fingers into her, finger fucking as fast as I can. I can feel myself getting unbearably excited and am near to shooting my load as she wanks me furiously. “I’m coming, I’m coming” she shouts. I stare transfixed at her asshole and wet pubic hair, framed by those stockings as I feel the spunk rising in my balls. It is so lovely to have a female hand wanking me and I let myself go. Alice’s cum squirts out over me as I lift my ass and start shooting spunk everywhere. I then feel her warm mouth over my jerking cock as she slurps up my juices. 

Lovely though this is, my imagination went into overdrive when Alice told me one day that she had always wanted to have a threesome involving another woman. I could hardly believe my ears and asked her to tell me more. It turns out that she has had the fantasy for years and has masturbated over it many times. She said that she often imagined having sex with some of the teachers at her school and loved to think about what their tits were like and how their cunts would taste. This, of course, is similar to the thoughts I have about most women! I asked her if she wanted to make the fantasy a reality and she said that she would like to one day. I couldn’t stop thinking about the idea and brought it into the conversation whenever I could.

We then started to incorporate the idea into our lovemaking. Alice loved me masturbating her whilst telling her dirty stories and so I started to make up stories about threesomes. These really turned us on and we began to get more and more interested in doing it for real. The only rules that Alice had were that it would have to be with a stranger and that it couldn’t be in our house. The idea of fucking with a complete stranger was very exciting for me and I had no objections to these conditions. The question was: how would we meet someone suitable? You can’t just approach women and ask them if they would like to indulge in 3-way sex (unfortunately!).

One day, however, Alice came home and said that she had some “interesting” news. She had been to the local beauty therapist for a massage and this had done by a new girl. Although the massage had been very good Alice had noticed that every so often the girl would linger on her ass and began slipping her hand between Alice’s legs. Alice was little disconcerted at first but when she looked at the girl she noticed she was breathing quite fast and was stroking her tits with her other hand. Alice asked her what she was doing and she said she was sorry and hadn’t meant to upset Alice. She said that she found Alice very attractive and couldn’t help herself. Alice took a risk and asked the girl if she would like to go further. She said that she would and so Alice told her of our ideas and asked if she would be interested. The upshot of this was that we were invited to her house the next night!

We were both so excited at this that we fucked furiously and then spent hours discussing whether we could go through with it. We eventually decided that we would, as we had nothing to lose and didn’t want to carry on just talking about it. I could hardly concentrate on work the following day and kept running all sorts of pornographic images through my head. Of course I had not even seen Kate (the masseuse) but Alice had told me that she was about 25, slim and with long dark hair. That was good enough for me!

That evening we both showered and got ourselves ready but we did not really say much to each other as I guess we were so preoccupied with what was to come. Alice chose to wear some new frilly knickers and a black very sexy bra with her stockings. I had little choice and just wore my usual boxers. I wondered what Kate would be choosing…….

We arrived at the house after getting a little bit lost and knocked at the door. We gave each other a reassuring smile. I said “OK?” Alice nodded. Kate, who looked stunning in a short pleated skirt and white blouse, opened the door. She invited us in and we went through into the living room which was full of candles and comfortable sofas. Some music was softly playing but I was too excited it to think about what it was. We soon had drinks in our hands and were sat chatting, if a little awkwardly. I sat opposite Kate and noticed that her skirt had ridden up her legs slightly. I kept staring, trying to see her knickers. She noticed me doing this and said “Is this what you’re trying to see?” She parted her legs and lifted her skirt. She was not wearing knickers at all and I had a lovely randy feeling in my balls as I gazed at her fabulous bushy triangle.

I gulped and managed to say “Yes it is…..and very lovely it is too”.

“Would you like to see more?” she asked.

Things did seem to be moving very fast but I wasn’t complaining. I turned to Alice who was also staring at Kate. She said, “I’d like to see more too”. Her voice was a little husky and I could tell that she was aroused.

“Why don’t you come over here then” said Kate.

I stood up and crossed the room to Kate’s chair. She looked up and I bent to kiss her on the mouth. As I did so she took my hand and placed it on her cunt. I got a real thrill feeling that springy pubic hair and I slid two fingers down and felt how wet she was. She gasped and pushed her tongue into my mouth. I felt myself get hard as I slid my fingers in and out of her.

Then she pulled away and whispered” Why don’t we all go upstairs? Then we can get relaxed”. We stood up and I followed Kate up the stairs my eyes level with her wiggling ass. I could hardly believe that I might soon be fucking her or watching her suck Alice’s pussy. We went into Kate’s huge bedroom which had a king-size bed and then just stood there not quite knowing how to start. We all knew roughly what we wanted but not how to make it happen. Kate seemed to be the more experienced though as she walked up to Alice and began kissing her. Alice was a bit shocked at first but soon began to respond and they soon had their tongues down each other’s throats and their arms around each other.

I was more than happy to stand and watch but couldn’t help stroking my cock which was stiff and ready for anything. Kate and Alice stopped kissing and Kate pulled Alice’s sweater over her head revealing her black bra. Alice then unbuttoned Kate’s blouse and slid it off. Kate was wearing a red lacy bra and had small but firm looking tits. Kate pushed Alice’s straps off her shoulders and undid the bra. Alice’s nipples were hard and Kate bent to suck on Alice’s tits, first the right then the left. Alice let her head fall back and closed her eyes. I moved up behind Kate and undid her bra and dropped it to the floor. Alice then started fondling Kate’s tits, licking her fingers and rubbing saliva into her nipples.

I thought that it was time that I began to get more involved so I knelt behind Alice and, putting my hands up her skirt, pulled down her knickers. I put my hand between her legs and she was very wet. I finger fucked her for a minute or two, whilst Kate sucked on her tits. Alice was getting very turned on and started thrusting her hips towards Kate. My cock was bursting out of my jeans so I stood up to take my clothes off. As I did so Kate slipped her hand up Alice’s skirt and carried on finger fucking her. Alice was breathing hard and had her eyes closed. “Ohhhhhh yessss” she whispered “that feels so gooood”

By now I was naked and was wanking myself but I didn’t want to cum just yet. I wanted to enjoy myself with Kate. I guided Alice onto the bed where she lay with her legs wide apart and her skirt pulled up to her waist. Kate quickly got on her knees between Alice’s legs and started licking and sucking on her dripping cunt. Kate’s position meant that her ass was up in the air and I could not wait any longer! I got behind her and lifted her skirt to reveal her asshole and cunt. I knelt down and tasted her juice and then licked her asshole. She lifted her head for a moment and cried out “ Ohhhhhh yes. Oh that’s good. Please make me cum, please make me cum. Give me your cock while I suck this pussy.” I didn’t need to be asked twice, as I knelt behind Kate and slid my cock into her wet cunt. It felt fucking wonderful and I almost came straight away as I buried myself into her and she thrust herself back against me. I wanted to wait though to see if we could all cum together. I could tell from Alice’s breathing and the dirty things she was calling out that she was nearly there.

“Lick me you bitch. Make me cum….suck me ohhhhhhh yessssss…..faster faster you cunt. I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna cum. Now! stick your fingers in me. Fuck me……fuck me!”

At this point Kate stopped sucking and was ramming two fingers in and out of Alice’s cunt. I started fucking Kate as hard as I could and felt the spunk stirring in my balls. It would not be long before I exploded inside her. I grabbed her hips and thrust against her beautiful ass. She was moaning and shouting “Ohhhhhh yesss do it do it! Let me feel your spunk inside me Stick your cock in deep. Ohhhhhh fuck I’m starting to cum. Harder harder. I’m cumming I’m cumming.”

My own orgasm was almost on me and I cried out “I’m cumming too. I want your cunt. It is so lovely. I can see my cock sliding in and out. I can see your asshole. I am gonna cum, ohhhhhhhhhhh yess.I’m cumming” I slammed my cock into Kate as my spunk shot out. She shuddered as her orgasm spread through her body and then I heard Alice say “ Ohhhh yes yes yes. That’s it…now! I’m cumming! I’m cummimg” She was turning her head from, side to side on the pillow and moaning softly. “That was so good”. I kissed Kate’s back and slowly curled up beside her and Alice where we all gradually fell asleep.

I couldn’t wait until the next time!