 If you've read any of my other stories you will know that Mary and I married young and developed an adventurous and fulfilling sex life. From time to time, this would involve other people. This usually meant threesomes or foursomes, but for a time we also belonged to a swingers' group. Whatever the situation, we normally did things together; the main point of all this was that we shared our experiences. In some ways, it was a bit like sharing a hobby or going to the gym together. Although our sex life was mostly restricted to each other, we prized our occasional "adventures" and would often talk about them and relive them together while having sex.

Mary died unexpectedly when we were both in our late 50s. Everyone reacts to bereavement in their own way, but I became severely depressed for a couple of years. One of the things that often accompanies depression is a loss of interest in sex. Surprisingly for me, I lost all interest in women. However, it was never going to last. What's more, I knew damn well that Mary would not have wanted it to. She valued all aspects of our sex life, and she knew that I did too, and would never have been content living a life without women if she were not there. I should say the reverse was also true, and if I had gone first I would have expected and hoped that she would find her interest in sex reignited before long. I mean, it would be nice to be mourned for a decent period, but the person left behind might still have many years of life left, and life is for living. I have watched Mary have sex with both men and women, and enjoyed it almost as much as she did. I would have loved the idea that she could go on and have an adventurous sex life if I had died first.

In my case, the depression lifted quite suddenly, although I couldn't think of any particular reason for this. Maybe it was the sexy thoughts! All I knew was that one day the sun was shining and life just felt better again. It was summer, the dresses were short, and I began to notice attractive women. Just going down the street I would find myself seeing a woman with a fine figure and wondering what it might be like to caress those curves and be between those thighs. Just as it had always been, my sexual interest was mainly in women close to my own age. I have always felt that there are few things more pathetic than an elderly man chasing young women. I'm sure they would be delightful, but I have grown up daughters!

But one thing about bereavement is that it is deeply emotionally distressing, and the idea of getting into a genuine relationship with a woman felt threatening. My relationship with Mary had been fantastic all the way, and I was afraid that I might become emotionally attached to someone else and then lose her too. Still, my interest in sex had returned, and I wanted to do something more about it than masturbate every night. So, what about a no-strings hook up with someone? I had never actually done that before: Mary and I had always had our adventures with people that we had met and formed a rapport with naturally. Advertising for sexual partners seemed a bit cold. But still, I wasn't meeting any new women in my daily life, nor any adventurous couples. It was the latter thought that prompted me to do something. I didn't want a relationship with one woman, but surely an adventure with an open-minded couple wouldn't pose any emotional risks? They wouldn't be interested in an ongoing relationship, and neither would I; it would just be a sexual adventure. Of course, once the thought was there...

I never realised there were so many people out there advertising for a sexual partner. Like I said, it wasn't something that Mary and I had ever done. But the world had changed, and modern technology offered lots of wonderful possibilities. Before long I had exchanged messages and photos with an attractive couple who looked like they were a couple of years younger than me. Tony and Sue said they were beginners who had not done this before, and wanted to take things quite slowly. To be honest, that suited me; I didn't want to rush into anything. A couple of weeks later we found ourselves meeting up in a bar. We had agreed that nothing would happen that evening, even if we got on well. This first meeting was just to see if the "chemistry" worked, and if it did we would meet again with more earnest intentions.

I walked into the bar and found that they were already seated at a square table with bench seats going around a corner. It was a good choice: no one else was likely to overhear. I thought our conversation might raise a few eyebrows! We recognised each other from the photos, and I walked over at once and shook hands with them both.

"It's great to meet you both. I'll just go to the bar and get a drink. I'll be back in a moment."

While my drink was being poured I noticed Tony and Sue exchanging comments. From the body language, I thought they had approved of me so far. A minute later I was back at the table and sat down. Sue was in the middle, and Tony just around the corner, so we could all see each other. Sue had curly auburn hair and a dress which buttoned all the way down the front. The two top buttons were undone, showing enough cleavage to be interesting. She seemed rather more outgoing than Tony, and winked when she saw me glance down her cleavage.

"So what made you decide to try this kind of adventure?" I asked.

"Not sure," said Tony. "We've had our fantasies over the years, but having been together for over 30 years we thought it might be nice to try some of them out for real."

"Tony is a great man for fantasies," said Sue. "He often makes up sexy scenarios and tells me all about them in bed. They drive me wild. He may be quiet, but he's really a very sexy man."

She glanced at him with a smile, and I saw him take her hand which was resting on her thigh.

"Yes," said Tony. "We thought about these things so much, and were so confident in our relationship, that it just seemed to be the way to go. The fantasies don't get any less, so obviously we both like the idea. It's just a question of whether we would like the reality, and were not going to know that unless we try it."

"So what's your favourite fantasy?" I asked.

"Threesomes!" They both said together, and then giggled. Sue went on: "two men and one woman — well, two men and me. Tony likes it too. Funny really, because you might think he would prefer it the other way round."

"I don't exactly hate the idea," said Tony with a grin. "It's just that I really love to see Sue very turned on, and she loves the fantasy, and I think it would really do it for her. She loves the fantasy of taking two men in turn, and also the idea of two men simultaneously."

"I told you about Mary," I said. "She was just the same, and we did do threesomes occasionally."

Tony got up and excused himself while he went to the loos. Sue watched him walk away and then turned back to me. There was a cautious look in her eyes, and I sensed she was about to broach a serious subject.

"It must have been a terrible time for you," she said sympathetically. "And you've really not been with anyone since?"

"No, and no one but Mary for a couple of years before, either."

"Well, that does have one advantage for us, doesn't it? It means we don't need to worry about safe sex, which I'd rather not have to. What's the term they use — going bareback?"

"That's right." I had a mental image of myself going bareback with a naked Sue, and couldn't resist another peak down her cleavage. She saw it.

"Like what you see?"

"Very much. How about you?"

"Oh, I think it would be very nice to explore things further." She undid another button on her dress, and slipped her hand onto my thigh and her fingers gently stroking my cock through my trousers. "So do you, I see."

My heart was beating fit to bust. Tony came back at that point, and sat down with a smile. I think he had realised perfectly well what was going on. We carried on talking, mostly in generalities, and agreed that we would meet up at their house the following Saturday afternoon. When I asked why the afternoon, rather than the evening, Sue said that you never knew how long things might take, or what might lead to what! That sounded like a good attitude to me, and we parted on very friendly terms. Sue insisted on embracing me and kissing me on both cheeks as we parted, and no doubt checked again that my cock had not lost its enthusiasm.

It was Wednesday. I couldn't wait for Saturday!

* * *

So the following Saturday found me ringing Tony and Sue's doorbell. I had a bottle of wine in one hand and a bunch of flowers in the other. Sue answered the door.

"Oh, how lovely," she said as she backed away into the hall. "Flowers, just like a date!"

"Well, it is a date of sorts, isn't it?"

She took the flowers and kissed me on the cheek. Then she thought better of it and kissed me full on the lips. God, it had been a long time! She went to the kitchen to put the flowers in a vase, and waved me through into the living room, where Tony was already sitting on a couch. He fetched three glasses, and we opened the wine. After a few minutes, Sue joined us with the flowers. I noticed she had brought a towel in and put it on the back of the couch, and vaguely wondered why, but it didn't seem important. At the end of the couch, on a small table, there was a box of large sized tissues. A woman who thought ahead. As in the restaurant, Sue was sitting in the middle.

I was glad we had already met before, because it made things feel much more natural. I think to go from first meeting straight into sex would have been a bit much for me, probably for them, we would all have been nervous. We had established in emails that we all felt it was very much for Sue to lead things. As it used to be with Mary, this was very much about giving Sue a great time. It was for her to indicate what she wanted or didn't want. I was sure the men would have a great time anyway! By the way, we had also established that neither of us were bi-curious, which might have caused some misunderstanding! It's not that I have anything against it, it's just not my thing.

For a while we just talked and drank our wine, but finally Sue obviously decided to make a first move. She was wearing a dress similar to the one she had worn on Wednesday, one which buttoned up the front in the same way, although today the top four buttons were undone. She leaned towards me. I glanced down to get an eye full of magnificent cleavage, and as always she noticed it and enjoyed the attention. She kissed me, her tongue gently pushing between my lips. Then she turned to Tony and did the same with him, finally sitting back between us.

"Well," she said. "Would you gentlemen like to make a start? I thought maybe stroking my breasts would be a good start."

"No kidding?" said Tony. "It's where you always start!"

We each caressed the breast that was nearest us. I was excited to realise that Sue was not wearing a bra. I could feel her nipples pressing firmly through the fabric of her dress, she breathed faster and sighed with pleasure, her hands straying to the fronts of our trousers. She stroked gently as her arousal grew. Then she took her hands away and undid more buttons on the front of her dress. Tony and I drew the sides apart, exposing her naked breasts. She gave a little cry.

"Oh my God, it's really going to happen!" She must have enjoyed that fantasy for a long time.

She had very good breasts for a woman of her age who had had two children. Tony and I each cupped one of them and lowered our lips to the nipple. I don't know what Tony was doing, but I did what Mary used to like: running my tongue around and over her nipple and then sucking it gently, encouraging it to erect further.

"God!" said Sue again. "It's so sexy having you suck them both at once. Now that's something you really need two men for!"

We continued for a little longer, and she was obviously very excited. Her hips began to move rhythmically, and her face was flushed. She gasped at intervals, and seemed to find it difficult to speak. Then she undid the rest of her buttons, revealing that she was wearing skimpy white lace panties which were already quite wet in the crotch.

"You two are overdressed," she said suddenly. "You should take your shirts and trousers off."

While she sat up panting and watching us, we quickly obliged. Our boxers revealed that we were both sporting very large erections. Tony's also had a wet patch nearly as big as the one his wife was making! She saw it and gasped, reaching up to pull us down beside her again. Without a word we quickly slipped her dress off her shoulders. She pulled the towel down from the back of the couch and slipped it underneath herself (ah, so that was what it was for!). Tony and I returned to our kissing and sucking, though our hands were straying up and down her body as well she put her arms around her shoulders and basked in our attentions. She slid further down, so that her bottom was almost on the edge of the couch, her parted legs bent at the knee. Tony stroked right down her body as far as her knee, gently caressing the inside of her thigh as he brought it back up. I simply followed his lead, but I was feeling desperate to take things further. I got down onto my knees in front of her, and kissed and licked her thighs. She gave a cry of pleasure, but an even greater one as I buried my face in her crotch, licking any patch of skin I could access through the lace panties.

"Can I do this properly?" I asked.

"Yes, yes, take them off!"

I slid the panties down and drop them on the floor. This lovely sexy woman was now completely naked and sitting in front of me with her legs apart. Her pubic hair was natural and not messed about with. Her labia were wide apart, exposing the wet pinkness of her lovely vagina. I lowered my face to it and licked her labia, bringing gasps of pleasure from her. Encouraged by this, I opened my mouth and covered her vagina with my lips, working my tongue in and out of her. I glanced up to see Tony kissing her and caressing both of her breasts.

Within a couple of minutes she suddenly began to pant very loudly. Tony backed off a little to watch his wife in the throes of extreme pleasure. I reached up and put my hands on her hips to steady her. I was still licking her labia, and also her clitoris, which was now standing up firmly. She gave a little cry every time I licked it. I realised she was very near the crucial moment, and pressed my mouth firmly against her, my tongue working in and out of her as quickly as I could manage. She gave a loud cry and pushed her hips towards me. I licked her clitoris back and forth as quickly as I could, as she launched into a noisy and obviously delightful orgasm. She bounced her hips up and down, but I clung to her, still licking that lovely clitoris, until she subsided with moan and begged me to stop because it had got too sensitive! For a while she lay as she was, panting for breath.

"My God, that was sensational," she said.

"My pleasure," I said.

"No it bloody well wasn't. It was gorgeous. But you should really have some pleasure too, shouldn't he, Tony?"

Tony nodded. "Time to take those shorts off, I think, Rant."

Of course, I slipped them down at once, leaving myself as naked as Sue. My cock had really entered into the spirit of things. I had the biggest and firmest erection I had had in two years. Pre-cum was oozing from the end of it, and starting to trickle down towards my balls. Tony had obviously decided to help keep his wife on the boil, and had slipped his hand down to stroke her clitoris. Her eyes were closed and she made the occasional moan. Then she opened them and saw me naked for the first time, very erect and shuffling closer. She was hit by a sudden pang of anxiety.

"Oh, baby, I'm not sure I can do this. I'm so sorry, but I don't think I can go through with it."

"Don't worry, baby," said Tony. He put his arm around her, while the other hand was still working on her clitoris. He just hugged her to him while he continued to masturbate her slowly and gently. She seemed to relax, and I saw some of the stiffness in her go.

"Actually, baby, can I change my mind again? Can I go through with it after all?"

"Of course, baby, go to it."

"Only if you're sure," I said.

"Oh yes," she said. "Please do it. Do it now before I change my mind again!"

Still on my knees, I shuffled towards her and touched my cock on her open labia. I moved it gently up and down without actually penetrating, so she could be absolutely sure it was what she wanted.

"That's lovely," she said. "Just lovely. Please put it inside me."

Tony chuckled. "Go for it, Rant."

I slid forward and began to enter her. For the first time in over two years I experienced the delightful sensation of having my cock slide into a woman's vagina, wide, wet and welcoming. Sue gave a loud moan as I slid my whole length into her until my balls were resting on her perineum. Without sliding back again, I began rhythmic pressure against her. Mary had always liked this, and Sue did too.

"Oh, that's wonderful. That's just beautiful." My eyes were on her face, and I saw her turn it to Tony with an adoring look. "Thank you, thank you so much for this." He smiled and kissed her again.

With such a long build-up, Sue and I were both close to cumming. I didn't want it to happen too soon, but I feared neither of us would have much choice. Anyway, I was eager for the feeling. I carried on pressing rhythmically against her labia and clitoris, and she was clearly ready to come again. Suddenly she cried out, just as she had before when on the brink of orgasm. This brought an answering cry from me, which she realised meant I was at a similar point.

"Oh yes. Cum inside me, Rant. Fill me up with your creamy, sexy cum!"

"Yes, Rant," said Tony. "Cum deep inside her! Fill her with your cum!"

I felt a rush of pre-cum rise up through my cock and start to spill inside her. Then with a cry I gave a firm thrust and began to jet my cum. I held her as close as I could, spilling my sperm as deep inside her as I could manage. It was the first time in over two years. It was ecstatic. I heard her cries of pleasure she launched into her own orgasm, her vagina squeezing my cock rhythmically and bringing every last drop out of it. I went on thrusting and crying out in pleasure long after my cum had finished spurting. Sue appeared to take pleasure in the whole thing, my orgasm as well as her own.

"Rant," she said. "I can tell you needed that. And it was fucking fantastic, I promise you."

Gasping for breath, I withdrew from her. I must have ejaculated deep inside her, because there was no sign of cum leaking from her. I like to see a cream pie, so this was mildly disappointing, but only mildly. It had been an intense experience, and wonderful after such a long break. Sue reached for her husband and pulled him to her.

"Now you, baby. Get that lovely cock inside me. Put your cum in me too."

He lost no time in complying. Taking up the same position as I had, he slid his cock right into her and started long, slow thrusts, which soon had her reaching the peak of pleasure as before. I got onto the couch again, taking a tissue to wipe myself so that I didn't stain the covers. I watched as the two people next to me pleasured each other with a skill and refinement born of long practice and intimate knowledge of each other. Unlike me, Tony drew back after each thrust until his cock almost left her body. It was glistening with both their juices, and after a while there was a whiteness to it, which I guessed was to do with me. He carried on with his slow thrusts, which was obviously her preference. She was once again rising to a height of excitement which meant she must cum soon. Both of them were breathing heavily, and uttering little moans of pleasure. Just watching it, my cock, which had begun to droop a little, stiffened anew. Sue reached out for me and pulled my hand to her breast. I did what I could to intensify her pleasure as her husband thrust in and out of her. She threw her head back and cried out.
