 It was the beginning of a hot, humid Louisiana summer. I was on break from college and was spending a few weeks in the country with my grandparents. They live in the tiny town of Lincecum, way down a dirt road that branches off the main road. There is nothing for miles around but woods and you have to drive thirty miles to get to the nearest shopping center.

I liked being in the country and all, but after a while I got bored and pretty soon my blood was boiling for some excitement. One morning my grandparents decided to drive into town and I decided to stay at home and amuse myself. I walked around the house for a couple of hours nosily looking through their things. It was deathly quiet until suddenly I heard a man's voice coming from outside. I went to my bedroom at the back of the house and shut the door. Then I opened the curtain and looked through the window. There were three men in dirty blue jeans and t-shirts, their pants legs tucked into thick, mud-covered, rawhide boots. They were filling their canteens with the water hose. They all looked to be about forty years old. I guessed they were loggers who were working in the woods across the road from the house. After they were through with the hose, they sat down in my grandmother's old, white, plastic lawn chairs and started talking. Gently, I put my hand under the curtain and raised the window a crack so I could hear their conversation. 

"...Then I told the bitch to suck my dick," said the dark-haired man as he flicked cigarette ash to the ground.

"You're lyin'," said the one with the mustache. 

"So what happened?" asked the one in the red hat.

"I'll tell you what happened. I shoved my big dick down her throat and mouth-fucked her until she was gagging on my spunk."

As I listened I felt shivers and then waves of heat wash over my body. I had had a boyfriend back at school but I had never been with an older man before, and I had certainly never heard a man talk that way about sex in front of me. I felt very excited. They kept on talking.

"I wish I had me some pussy right now," said the one with the mustache, "I'm so horny I've been pissin' cum."

I felt hot moisture flow into the crotch of my panties, and I could feel my nipples and clit swelling and stiffening. As I stood there peering at the men through the curtain, a perverse desire took possession of me. I was no longer thinking rationally—I was a slut in heat. I stepped out of my shorts and pulled my t-shirt over my head. Then I unhooked my bra and slid my panties off. I stood there, hot and naked, and pulled on the curtain cord, spreading the drapes far apart. Now I was on full display. The men stopped talking and turned towards the window. 

"Holy shit," said the one in the red hat, "do you see what I see?"

I beckoned to them with my hand and they got up and came to the window. They were getting their eyes full, alright. Still facing them, I sat on the edge of the bed, which was very close to the window. I leaned back and opened my legs wide. The men gasped. I reached down with both hands and spread my plump, hairy pussy lips as far apart as they could go, giving the men a good view of my swollen clit, thick labia, and tight asshole. I could feel their eyes moving over every inch of my cunt and it excited me very much. I had never done anything like this before and it felt like my pussy was on fire. 

"Look at that drippin' wet pussy," I heard one of them say.

"Have you ever seen such a hot little slut?" said another.

I lay my head back, closed my eyes, and began to rub my clit. When I opened my eyes and looked up, all three men had their big, hard dicks out and were stroking them frantically. I sat up with my legs still open and lifted one of my beautiful D-cup tits towards my mouth, bent my head down, and began to tongue my own nipple. The men were grunting and breathing hard as they jerked off looking at my wet pussy. I turned over, got on my hands and knees, and jutted my ass out while spreading my legs far apart so they could get a good look at me from behind.

"Oh baby, you want this big dick in you, don't you? Open the window and stick your ass out here and I'll fuck your pussy real good," said the one with the dark hair.

I was about to take him up on his offer when I heard my grandparents' truck pull in the front yard. The men heard it too and reluctantly started zipping up their pants. I closed the curtain and hurriedly put on my clothes. Through the window I heard the dark-haired man say, "This ain't over, sweetheart. As soon as we get the chance, we're going to fuck your brains out." 

I tried to act normal as I helped my grandparents bring the groceries in, but my pussy was so hot and swollen I found it hard to walk straight. After a while I went in the bedroom, took off my clothes, and slipped on a short sundress with nothing underneath. I slid my feet into some sandals and told my grandmother I was going for a walk.

I found the logging path in front of the house and followed it out into the woods. I walked on for several minutes until I finally came to a clearing. The men were there gathered around some trucks talking. As soon as they saw me they started towards me. I immediately pulled my dress over my head and threw it on the ground. The three of them surrounded me. One was kneading my ass cheeks, one was sucking on my tits, and one had rammed his finger up my wet pussy hole. My body was trembling violently and I started to moan. The dark-haired one, which seemed to be the leader of the three, removed his finger from my pussy, took my arm and pulled me towards one of the trucks. He took a dirty blanket out of the bed of the truck and spread it on the ground. I lay down on the blanket and spread my legs, then the three of them got out of their clothes in record time. 

The one with dark hair lay down on the blanket on his back with his big, hard dick sticking straight up in the air. It was huge, about ten or eleven inches long and at least three inches thick. His huge, swollen ball sack hung down to his asshole. 

"Come on you little bitch," he said, pulling me on top of him, "sit on Daddy's dick."

I had never had a dick that big in me before, and I was a little frightened, but my pussy was aching to be fucked. I straddled him and he took his hands and guided his huge dick up into my insides. I moaned as I felt my pussy walls stretched beyond belief. I felt the head of his dick hit the opening to my womb and push it higher up inside me, and my pussy muscles began clenching in little spasms.

"Ohhhhhhhh," I moaned.

"Damn bitch, your pussy is tight. I guess I'll have to loosen it up for you some."

He began thrusting his dick up in me with great force and soon we had a rhythm going. I had never felt such pleasure in all my life. Just then the one with the mustache came and got behind me.

"Lean forward," he said, "I'm going to fuck you up the ass."

Before I could protest he had positioned his big dick at my asshole and was pushing hard. I let out a cry of pain as he entered my hot, tight ass. Now both my pussy and my ass were stretched to the limit as the two hard cocks throbbed inside me. Both men held onto me tight to stop me from shaking while they got a good rhythm going in and out of me. The other one that had been wearing the red hat was now bending over me with his big dick pointing in my face. The head of it was huge, swollen, almost purple, and cum dripped from it.

"Suck my dick, whore," he said.

I turned sideways to accommodate him and opened my mouth. He thrust his dick in and I began to suck it hard. He pushed it down towards the back of my throat, then held my head with both hands and fucked my face.

I had three hard cocks in me at once, filling up all my holes. We were all moaning loudly with incredible pleasure. The man beneath me was rubbing my clit while he fucked me, and the man behind me had his arms around me pinching my nipples. I began to feel this incredible itchy-tingly sensation deep in my pussy and it spread throughout my whole body. I started trembling all over from pleasure as I felt the beginnings of a huge orgasm wrack my body. My clit, vagina, and anus began to spasm convulsively as hot jets of sperm shot down my throat. I drank it down hungrily. The dark-haired man beneath me thrust his throbbing cock way up inside me and said, "I'm cumming in your pussy." Just then I felt scalding spurts of cum shooting up into my womb and then into my bowels as the man behind me bucked hard and rammed his dick in my ass up to the hilt. It was too much for me and once more I came convulsively. 

After that they took turns fucking me and making me suck their big dicks. The next day I was so sore I could hardly walk, but yet somehow I found myself strolling along down the logging path and back into the woods.