 They lay there quietly in the soft lamplight illuminating the bedroom; the light by which Kit's wife, Jen, had first explored another woman's glistening, glorious sex. The light by which, with her legs spread wide for Kit's hungry eyes, watched as that other woman engulfed Kit's distended cock with her mouth. His eyes had met Jen's as he exploded into and onto Anita, as much from the sight of the superbly shaped thighs framing Jen's wet, shimmering cunt as from Anita's plush lips and skillful hands. 

They were at once exhausted yet excited. Jen had cum as explosively as Kit only moments before him, and then another time, as she watched him shoot his hot juices into Anita's enveloping mouth. Anita had cum as well, but quietly, enjoying the delicious and unexpected pleasure of a professional courtesan caught up in the pure eroticism of the moment.

Kit lay between the two women: Jen, dark-haired and athletic with her lean, powerful body; Anita, blonde and luxurious, with full, welcoming breasts and beckoning curves. Earlier Kit had been dumbfounded when Anita appeared at their door; astonished when he learned that Jen had "engaged" her. He first thought Anita must be a gift for him. But then it became clear that she was to be shared and, most astonishing of all, that Anita was a gift for Jen as well. 

Even so, Jen was awkward after the introductions and explanations. She and Anita had seated themselves on the long sofa, with Kit facing them, perched on the edge of the coffee table. Anita, sensing Jen's was at a loss, took charge. She leaned forward to lightly kiss Jen's lips, and Kit had quietly urged Jen on, excited by the possibilities ahead. "Do it, babe, do it ... go for it like you want to ... I love you ..." and Jen responded, escalating the urgency of her returning kiss, probing Anita's mouth -- a woman's mouth! -- with her thrusting tongue. Before long the two women were panting as they peeled away each other's clothes, their mouths and hands feverishly rubbing and sucking each other's breasts and tracing their curves, both with their legs spread wide to welcome each other's touch. Kit had been aroused from the start but now, stood and quickly undressed; he led them into the bedroom, where, on their huge bed, Jen boldly tasted pussy for the first time and where all three had experienced the bliss of mind-numbing orgasms. 

For Kit, it had been perfect. Now he lay there, sated, and feeling more at one with Jen than ever. He had watched her as she tested the limits of her sexuality, had shared the moment as new doors opened, as her capacity for physical pleasure had grown. He loved giving her pleasure: here was one more way. He breathed deeply, almost absently laying his hand on her hip, his fingers softly grazing the taut, smooth skin of her belly. He turned to look again at Anita, taking in the long, soft sweep of her blonde hair and the inviting heaviness of her breasts, moving slowly up and down as she breathed evenly in the soft light of the room.

Jen gently stroked Kit's hand and arm as she lay on the other side of him, her eyes closed, not so much visualizing the intense sex they had as measuring its emotional power. Her life with Kit was everything she always wanted; powerful attraction, shared laughter, respect, trust, and curiosity. But the emotional power of their sexuality was by far their strongest bond. Nothing they could do for or give to each other had the strength and beauty of their sexual experience. Tonight had only added to that strength. What a discovery this is, she thought, with delighted anticipation. 

Anita lay happily quiet. She hadn't felt this comfortable in the Life -- "well, ever! Jen is gorgeous," she thought, "and he's very, very hot. I can tell she doesn't see me as competition ... surely not from the way he was looking at her when he came in my mouth. This is all very ... open. And hot. Christ, it feels more like I'm invited to their little party than me being here to make one happen for them." Anita smiled inwardly at her thoughts and slid her hand down to her pussy, stroking it softly, anticipating what might come next. "All this and money, too," she thought.

They lay quietly until Jen broke the long but comfortable silence. "Anita?"

"Yes?"

"I think we're very lucky to have you with us."

"I hope you do," Anita responded, lifting herself up on one elbow to face Jen. "And I hope we're not even near done."

"Oh my god, we're not! You'll stay?" Jen asked -- a request rather than a question.

Anita seemed to giggle. "Are you kidding? Look what I've been doing" she said, invitingly. Just as Anita had done, Jen sat up to see Anita bend her leg up at the knee and tilt it away, all the better to view her still-wet crotch as she gently stroked her slit. She often did this with her Johns, a cynical show to hurry them to an erection and a quick finish. Tonight, her pussy ached for this handsome man and his beautiful, giving woman. 

"I have to tell you, Anita," Jen said, her voice low, her tone intense. "I can't believe this is actually happening. The first time I came tonight, while I was licking you, was so incredibly intense. Different than with Kit. I loved eating your pussy, your sexy, gorgeous pussy! I always thought a woman would be exciting but I never dreamed...." Her voice fell away and she audibly gasped as she shivered with delight. "The memory of it!"

"This was outrageous, Jen. Really! I've been with couples before," Anita responded, "and usually, it's just me and only one of the two. Maybe it's the guy, who's conned his wife into a threesome so he can get a new piece of ass, or else it's the wife, who's been fantasizing about going down on her girlfriends. Oh, yeah ... there's lots of 'this is for you, too honey, c'mon, enjoy yourself, try a little of this' going back and forth, but I can tell who's actually fucking me and who's along for the ride."

"I can't count the number of men I know who fit your description perfectly," observed Kit.

"Not me," countered Jen. "The straight women I know only talk about straight sex!"

"Jen! How can you be this hot and not know that women only tell what they want to tell. They love to have their own sexy secrets, but not to share them." 

"True," Jen admitted, "but I keep no secrets from Kit."

And it shows" replied Anita. "Because there's no disapproval between you. You accept each other's desires and you join in -- no guilt, no shame. Look how you've taken me into your bed, even though I came here for money. Both of you have cum, and theoretically, I can leave, I've earned my two bucks. But I want to stay!"

Anita could see Kit beginning to frame a thought but interrupted it: "Let me go on, please. The two of you can glory in a depraved, fuck-your-brains-out scene, yet you're making real and honest love at the very same time. That's an amazing trick! Kit, when you came while I sucked your cock, you really did believe that my mouth was Jen's cunt, just like she wanted you to ... just as she told you to. And Jen got off herself, watching you watching her! Amazing!"

"But with all that hot sex you didn't get to cum," Jen observed with regret.

"Oh yes, I did, but I kept that inside, saving some for later!" She paused, her eyebrows arching, her smile devilish. "It wasn't easy, but it was delicious. You underestimate how well you eat pussy, Jen -- you're a natural. You're not afraid to love it and show it. And the way you two talk! Your sex talk is so rough, so direct. You don't seem the type." 

Kit responded almost dismissively. "Come on, Anita! What type? You know almost everyone is excited by 'forbidden' words. Lots of people are just afraid to use them. And what's to be afraid of, anyway? Look -- I love Jen. I also love her cunt -- especially when I'm in it! Why not tell her that? A cock is a cock and a cunt is a cunt and one goes into the other and magic happens!" 

"We can both accept our secret depravities as love," offered Jen. "We don't keep the secret. It's the way we share the most intimate parts of who we are." She paused and smiled at Kit. "And we're very, very good at depravity."

"You're very lucky to have found each other," said Anita, as she laid her head back on the pillow. "And I'm lucky to have found you."

Jen, still sitting upright, gazed at Anita for a long while, deep in thought. She remembered the deliciously new pleasures she took in the taste and feel of Anita's pussy. She relived the satisfaction it gave her to know her tongue was experiencing the same sensations as Kit did when he explored her own pussy. 

Suddenly, she drew up her legs. Anita had orchestrated that encounter; this one would be hers. On all fours, she crawled over Kit and reached over Anita to the nightstand, opened the drawer and retrieved a bottle of AstralGlide along with a thick rubber dildo. "I've used this myself," she said to Anita. "And it's time for us play with you. Do you mind this toy? I can give you a fresh one if you like. We have one in a package somewhere!"

Anita smiled and ran her fingers through Jen's hair. "I've had your tongue in my pussy and your husband's dick in my mouth. I think what we have will do just fine."

"Good. Now, Kit," Jen directed, tossing a nearby pillow to him, "Lay down with your head on this." Kit shifted his body into a comfortable position, putting the extra pillow under his head. "Anita, I want you to straddle him on all fours, so your ass stays up. I have plans for it." She giggled and smirked lewdly to Anita's delight. Doing as she was told and responding to Jen's wanton innuendo, Anita slowly, teasingly rolled her body toward Kit and lifted her leg over him, pausing to fully expose her pussy to his narrowing eyes. When she brought her knee down on his other side, her full breasts hung down over his face. Her bottom was high in the air, the natural spread of her legs exposing her ripening mounds and red labia rising out from between her thighs. Her asshole was open and exposed, clearly inviting. "Okay, baby," said Jen. "Let's play!"

She poured some lube onto her index finger and then coated the dildo with a thin film. She rubbed her oiled finger gently along Anita's ass-crack, and then slowly inserted it about half-way. When she removed it she leaned forward to gently flick at the puckered hole with the tip of her tongue. She could not resist gripping Anita's smooth cheeks, then running her palms and fingers over their gentle curves. Moistening her finger again she inserted it fully, exploring the canal with slow, indolent movements; Anita audibly exhaled her pleasured satisfaction. Jen greeted the breathy sounds with even more urgent probing. With her free hand, she reached under Anita's ass and up between her legs to stroke her drenched pussy, teasing the opening of her cunt. "I assume you've been fucked in the ass?" she asked, her voice terse, deliberately provocative.

Anita nodded, waiting for the probe to enter her. The fact was, she had never allowed a paying customer in her ass. That was reserved for the men she took as lovers, short-lived as they might be. 

Kit's rising cock was tantalizingly close to Anita's pussy. But clearly, Jen was in control, and he would not move to thrust it up into Anita's summoning cunt. Instead, he placed both hands on the sides of Anita's face, cupping it as if memorizing it. He then slid his hands slowly, somewhat lovingly, down along her long throat to her luscious, heavy breasts. He cupped one in each hand, squeezing them firmly as they filled his palms. Anita's eyes widened as the pressure of his grip increased. She could feel her nipples responding, hardening with her quickening blood. His cock came fully erect and Anita's smile widened as she felt the tip brushing against her slit; a lovely, tortuous tease.

Helped by the lube, Jen easily slid the dildo about an inch or so into Anita's ass and stopped. Anita spread her legs further apart. "Give me more." 

Jen pushed the dildo almost halfway in and stopped, looking at Anita: "Wait," was her instruction.

Jen paused, again reaching between Anita's legs to gently stroke her pussy with Kit's now-throbbing cock. Anita began with a murmur, "I love it. I love it! I love cock in my ass.....give me cock in my ass c'mon, c'mon c'mon Jen"-- now, a shout -- "RAM IT --- RAMITNOW!"

Jen paused imperceptibly before she firmly pushed the dildo in up to its hilt; seven inches of hard rubber violently spread Anita's ass open wide. Her face became contorted by the sudden invasion; no sound from her, only her frozen visage as she breathlessly accepted the enormous levels of pain and pleasure that coursed through her body. As the pleasure began to overcome the pain, her face relaxed. She drew a deep breath, her chest expanding visibly. She began to rhythmically gasp out short bursts of a nonsensical sound, "Ghhh! Ghhh!, Ghhh! Ghhh!" Jen stroked the dildo in and out to Anita's rhythm.

"Ghhh! Ghhh! Ghhh!" over and over, the guttural sound a reflection of the animal depths of her ecstasy. "Ghhh! Ghhh! Ghhh! Ghhh!" 

Kit stopped it with a deep and furious kiss, which Anita returned with an urgent, hungry tongue. "Oh godDAMN!" she gasped as she pulled away, reaching for another deep gulp of air. "Oh fuck me, man, fuck me, give me some of that cock in my cunt! Give me CockinmyCUNT! CockinmyCUNT!" she chanted.

Kit's head was thrown back on the pillow in oblivious ecstasy, his hands kneading the fleshiness of Anita's heavy tits, stopping only to let his fingers twist and tease her stiff and hardened nipples, grown nearly twice their size from the cascade of her coursing blood. Still rhythmically stroking Anita's asshole with the dildo, Jen again reached between the spread and twitching legs before her and grasped Kit's stiff and pulsing pole, placing it at the swollen entrance to Anita's cunt. "Sit on it baby, take it!" she commanded and Anita obeyed by lowering herself onto the upward-thrusting cock, grinding down on it almost viciously. 

She exhaled a long, satisfied "Ahhhhhhhhhhh" as Kit's cock spread her vaginal canal wide. She was now doubly impaled, her ass stretched open by the invading dildo while the clenching muscles in her cunt clamped around Kit's probing cock. Jen felt her own pussy burning with excitement. She reached for the inside of Anita's thigh and felt it, surprised by its firmness and the flex of unseen muscles; surprised as well by the erotic electricity that ran through her as she squeezed the firm, slightly yielding flesh. 

Anita was moaning as she fought to hold back her orgasm, to stay with her insane, delirious bliss. She had been fucked in the ass, yes -- but never double penetrated. She could feel the dildo and Kit's cock separated by only the thin membrane between the two canals. She was nearly crazed with ecstasy. She wanted a cock in her mouth, too; she wanted to be filled and strangled with glorious cock! She rocked her hips. She felt a single hot spurt of cum hit the walls of her cunt. She knew Kit was also holding back and it was quickly growing impossible for him. She looked down and saw he was arching his back, gritting his teeth, his eyes glassy and unfocussed. 

She let it go. It seemed as if she were sliding up a hill, inexplicably easing further upward into an even greater release when, as she hit the top, her entire body seemed to explode with an unspeakably joyous agony. Her orgasm crashed down upon her, arching her back as if she had been shot. All she could manage was the quiet beginning of a scream that never came. Her head was thrown back, her mouth was wide open but no sound emerged. 

Kit saw, and he, too, let it go, knowing no one could hold any longer after the sight of Anita cumming. His spunk had been rumbling in his balls and now it was to be released. He arched his hips as if to dig deeper into Anita's grasping tunnel. His as muscles trembled and tightened as his fiery load coursed the length of his dick, spreading its soothing warmth as it went, stretching his opening with a satisfying jolt of pain. His thighs tingled and stung, followed by a quivering, lingering wave of warmth.

Anita's entire body was trembling at the force of the volcanic eruption engulfing her. She dropped her head to watch the base of Kit's spurting cock spearing her, a sight that inflamed her even more. Her abdomen flexed over and over again, triggering a hot, searing sensation down through her pubis and into the whole of her pussy. Her sphincter expelled the dildo as if to make room for the burning joy centered in the deepest part of her cunt; her tits were stinging; her nipples were warm and throbbing, her heart was racing. 

Just as those first sensations began to slowly subside, she felt the immense force and volume of Kit's spurting cum splashing deep into her cunt, and the simmering sensations re-ignited. Again and again, she felt Kit shooting his cum into her as if from a cannon, the growing sea of thick hot liquid pushing itself through the precious crevices between his dick and the clenching walls of her cunt, seeking the opening. She shuddered as a second, quieter orgasm coursed through her.

Kit heard Jen whisper, her mouth by his ear, "Give it to her, my love. Let her feel it like I do..." her voice trailing off but her warm, quick breathing still caressing him. It seemed as if he couldn't stop cumming. Jen moved her hand to his balls as if to milk him. He squeezed every last drop, thrusting upward and into Anita as he did, his dick still hard and probing.

Anita felt a thick wetness all over the outer walls and sides of her pussy, and more of it trickling onto one of her thighs. It was not just her cum. She knew that Kit had drenched her with his cum and it had mixed with hers. Breathlessly, she asked both of them, "Did I squirt? I'm so wet! I don't squirt usually! I don't think I'm a squirter ..." she was laughing at the lunacy of her own joy.

Still dizzy with bliss, she wiped her finger in the thickening cream coating her pussy and, smiling, held it up to Jen. "Taste" she said, as Jen lifted her hand and took hold of Anita's wrist.

She brought the hand and finger to her lips and took it fully in her mouth, licking at the sweet, salty mix of cum. Her lips grasped the finger at its base and sucked it, as if it were a tiny cock, up to the tip of Anita's nail. Then she turned, and did exactly the same thing to Kit's shining, dripping cock.

"Oh my god Jen," he gasped as he felt her suck and lick at the warm jizz he had shot into Anita only moments ago. "My god, girl, you are so wonderful!"

Jen's head bobbed up and down at her loving task, her tongue licking at the creamy liquid. She paused only briefly to swallow and breathe. Anita drew near and Jen sat up. Anita was no longer straddling Kit. Her face was serious. "I understand what you're doing." she said. "I do! Before, when Kit came as he looked at you, I took his cum in my mouth. You even told him to fuck my mouth, you told him that my mouth was your cunt! Remember? -- he was staring at you spread-eagled for him and he came from it, and I took his cum! I took it as gladly as you did just now."

"Yes you did! Now it's me taking the cum he shot into you!" Jen's eyes sparkled. "It's perfect! We've shared this man, we've shared each other, we've done nothing but bring pleasure to all three of us." 

"Not quite yet, Jen." It was Kit, his breath returning slowly but surely. He reached for her and brought her down on top of him, wrapping his arms around her, cherishing her. She brought her lips to his and they nearly drowned each other in a long, lingering kiss. She cradled his head with her hands; he traced the long curves of her body possessively, pressing her to him. Anita watched, silently, even happily. 

"There's one thing left for the three of us."