 * Chris *

Pulling back from our kiss, you gently pull away. My softened cock slipping from your legs, you rise from the bed. With a huge grin still on my face, I watch as you sway across the room into your bathroom. Pushing myself up on the pillows a bit, I place both hands behind my head and watch as you come out wearing a lovely blue bathrobe. Smiling, you tell me to stay put, and you'll be right back. Watching as you sway from the room, I close my eyes and breathe in deeply.

I guess what happened might be a bit more common place for some men, but not for me, I thought. I've had one nightstand or two I guess, but that was in college and I somewhat knew the women. I've known Jenn for maybe a few hours, a few incredible hours, I think as I chuckle a bit. I want to know more, no check that, I need to know more. Jenn could possibly be the most incredible woman I've ever met. I really would like this not to be a one-time deal. Looking up, I smile as you re enter the room carrying a tray of food. Setting them on the bed you return for a cooler of beverages and set them also next to the bed. The room is darkening as the afternoon fades to early evening, so you light the gas fireplace. The light from the fire sets you aglow. The robe clings to every curve of your body, as again I smile at you. I watch intently as you settle yourself back in the bed. Reaching for a piece of cheese, you feed it to me. Parting my lips, I draw the cheese, as well as your finger tips into my mouth with my tongue. My tongue briefly strokes your fingers, then you draw your hand back away.

Smiling sheepishly, you confess that you've never done anything like this. I can sense that you might be feeling a bit uneasy. As you spoke, I took in the fire, the food, everything. I didn't want to leave, and I didn't think you wanted me to either. As you finished talking, I smiled.

Sitting up, I reached down to the tray and grabbed a piece of fruit, still having not replied. Lightly dipping it in the chocolate, I moved it to your lips and gently fed it to you, letting you lick the chocolate from my fingers. Staring deeply into your eyes, I watched as they closed while licking my fingers clean. Bringing my hand to the side of your face, I gently stroke your cheek, brushing your soft red hair back. 

"I'd like nothing more than to stay Jenn," I whisper. "What we just shared was incredible, but I'd like to more about you. If you feel comfortable with it, that is," I say, as I reach for another piece of fruit. 

As you open your eyes, I lean into you placing the fruit in my teeth. Gently I rub the fruit over your lips as before you open your mouth. As we both bite, our mouths open, our tongues sharing the same sweet fruit. My hand strokes your cheek lightly again, then I pull back. 

"I enjoy being here, being with you," I whisper again. "The food is great, did you make the stew?"

* Jen *

My eyes flew open when you asked if I made the stew and I started to laugh. The tension in the room was broken as I finally slowed down to a chuckle. You were looking at me with a grin and a quizzical look. I nodded and swallowed down another laugh. 

"Yes, I made the stew, cooking was one of the few talents my ex-husband said I had. Glad I didn't listen to him too often, because he said I'd never find anyone as good as him in bed. Looks like he was really, really wrong."

You looked at me for a second and burst out laughing. You rich laughter filled my ears and made me dizzy. As I watched you laugh, I wanted to bring that laughter into myself as I had your cum. I leaned forward, grasped your neck and pulled you into me for a long kiss. As soon as our lips touched, I felt need spinning up in me again. As our tongues danced, I could taste the chocolate on your lips and I started to shake again. You took the back of my head, gripped my hair and continued the kiss with what almost seemed desperation. It was like you didn't want to let go. 

I pulled away from you, and smiled. I reached down and lifted up another piece of fruit, which I dipped in chocolate. I slowly got up from the bed, opened my robe so it almost exposed my nipples and dribbled the chocolate around my breasts. I watched as your eyes narrowed and grew dark. I walked to the chest at the end of the bed and knelt on it. My breasts were towards you and the warm chocolate was slowly sliding its way down my body. You leaned forward and started licking the sweet concoction from my breasts while your fingers played with my nipples. You tugged and pulled on them causing ripples of soft desire to wash over my body.

"Oh yes, mmm God Chris, you are so good at this!" 

You chuckled deep in your throat and grasped my ass and pulled me to you. With one hand you opened my robe the rest of the way, sliding it down my body allowing your hands to caress my body through the robe. I moaned and leaned closer into you, in a daze of passion. My pussy was soaked again, I was sure of it and when you pulled me to you, I felt your cock straining against me. The tip of it brushing my belly, caressing my stomach.

You kissed me again; getting the both of us covered in chocolate. I laughed and leaned forward to lick it off your chest. Slowly you pulled me back an evil grin on your face. You whispered, 

"Where is the shower?"

* Chris *

When I asked about the stew, you responded with roaring laughter. Obviously missing the joke, I grinned quizzically at you. Your eyes sparkled and your face glowed as your laughter slowed to a chuckle. Gathering yourself, you explained that you had made the stew and that this was one of the few talents that you ex husband said you had. Ex husband huh, I think to myself. Continuing, you also mention that your ex felt like you'd never have anyone as good as him in bed. 'Looks like he was really wrong there,' you said.

Almost choking on the fruit as I swallow it, I burst into laughter. I couldn't help myself as the laughter came from deep within me. How the hell could any man think that of this incredible woman, I thought. With tiny tears in my eyes from the laughter, you reach for my neck, bringing your lips to mine. Our tongues intertwined, as the passion of the kiss intensified. Oh the softness of your lips and the taste of your sweet mouth, I think to myself. What a fucking idiot your ex must have been, I wonder as my hand slides up to your neck. I want to share everything with this woman, I think as my hand grips your hair my body beginning to pulse with energy again.

Breaking away from our kiss, you reach for another piece of fruit, dip it in chocolate and rise from the bed. Slightly parting your robe, my eyes narrow as I watch you dribble the chocolate around your breasts. While lightly licking my lips, I notice (almost surprised) that my cock is once again regaining its strength. My eyes follow you with lustful desire as you walk to the foot of your bed and kneel on the chest facing me. As the chocolate trickle slowly down your heaving chest, I crawl toward you.

My tongue finds your breast, licking the sweetness rolling from it. Hearing you quietly moan out, I position my self so that I am sitting on the end of the bed with you kneeling into me. I lightly grasp your robe, slowly sliding it off your shoulders as my mouth covers your hardened nipple. Slowly I slide your robe further down, feeling the heat, the passion radiating through it. Carefully I bite, nibble and suck at your sweet nipple. Swirling it, I lap at your chocolate smeared chest, as your robe falls to the chest. With my cock once again throbbing, I slide my hands lightly up your side. Reaching your nipples I gently twist and bite them as I hear you moan out. Chuckling a bit, my hands slide back down your side, caressing you all the way. Reaching your waist, I reach around and grasp your ass, pulling you closer into me.

My cock presses into your soft belly as I pull you tighter to me. Reaching for your mouth with mine, I kiss you deeply, passionately, as the chocolate smears onto us both. While I massage your tongue with mine, I caress your ass and back with my hands. Your mouth opens a bit as we kiss, and you laugh at my now chocolate covered chest. Leaning down, I gasp a bit as your tongue finds my chest. With you licking lightly, I gently push you back. Grinning, I look into your eyes and whisper, 

"Where is the shower?"

Rising from the chest, you return my grin with one of your own. Reaching for my hand you start to lead the way. 

"Lets not forget this," I say as I reach for the bowl of chocolate. 

Grinning back at me, you guide me into your bathroom. You reach in and adjust the water. It's a large walk in shower; I've never seen one quite this large, outside of the gym. With your back still to mine, I pull you into me. My left hand wraps around your waist as I nibble and bite at your neck. Leaning back, you lay your head back on my shoulder, as the steam from the water begins to waft out. Tracing a line with my tongue, I find your ear, gently I sucking your lobe in, as I move my right arm around you. With my cock firmly pressed into your back and ass, I begin lightly trickling chocolate over your breasts. You moan out again arching your head harder into my shoulder as the smooth rich liquid runs down your trembling body.

Dropping the empty bowl to the floor, my hands begin to massage the sweetness into you, both hands stroke, rubbing, kneading the chocolate and your body. My hands slide down your trembling belly, reaching your quivering pussy. As my hands work the chocolate around your pussy, You loudly moan my name and turn to me. Kissing me deeply, your chocolate covered chest and pussy presses into my rock hard cock and me. My hands stroke your back and ass, as we cover and smear the liquid over us.

* Jen *

Standing there with your hands spreading the chocolate all over me, I realized that I love being with you and experiencing you sense of adventure. You are a sensual man, who gets as much pleasure from pleasing another as well as getting his own pleasure. 

As you hands glide over my body, I started to tremble in anticipation of the pleasure that would come. You hands pinch my nipples; pulling the hardness out and teasing them back to pebble hardness. The flutters of passion soar through my belly. Your calluses rub on my skin, making me realize what a complement we are, you hard and strong with me soft and supple. 

I can feel you cock pressing against my ass, you soft moans as I grind myself against you. The steam from the shower is billowing up around us and my chest, belly, and pussy are covered in the chocolate. When your hands reach down and cover my clit I can't take it any more; I turn towards you and reach up for your lips. My breasts rubbing into your chest, my nipples rock hard and scraping against it. Your cock moves up against my belly and becomes coated in the chocolate. 

I reach my hands up around you neck and pull you too me. You reach under my ass and pick me up. I wrap my legs around your waist and slide my pussy over your cock. You walk toward the spraying water. You lean me up against a wall and start to drive into me. With my legs wrapped around your waist and my pussy tilted upwards, the sensation is amazing. Your cock massages my g-spot, pushing with each thrust into me. 

The water cascades around us, racing down our bodies, cleaning us in a warm moist bath. I cry out you name again and again in time to your thrusts. 

"Oh God, Chris, yes, fuck me, Chris, Chris"

I climax around your cock screaming animal sounds as my nails dig their way into your back. I am no longer hanging on; you are supporting my weight. When the orgasm subsides, I find my self being held close to your chest. Your head is bowed and as I gaze at you, you eyes rise up to meet mine. You lay me on the shower floor and wrap my legs around your neck. As you shove into me, you watch the joining of our bodies. I look and see your cock sliding into my pussy; I can feel your balls slapping against my ass. I reach up and play with your nipples as you slam into me. You seem almost desperate, needing to go as deep as you can as hard as you can. You soon have me crying out as the waves of my orgasm crash down on to me.

* Chris *

Our tongues caress one another, as we share another passionate kiss. Pulling closer, my cock presses into your chocolate covered body. The steam from the shower seems to envelop both of us, drawing us deeper into the passion we're both sharing. Your hands grasp my hair, as you press your tongue deeper into my mouth. I can feel your body trembling with desire, as I slide my hands down your waist, finally reaching your ass.

With my cock throbbing once more, I grasp your ass tightly and lift, as you wrap both legs around my waist. My cock finds your sweet pussy, and I slide my cock into it. 

"Oh," I moan, as your pussy almost immediately contracts around me. With my cock buried deep with in your tight pussy, I step into the hot shower, pressing your back against the warm tile. With the warm water striking my back and shoulders, streaks of chocolate race down our bodies, your legs clinch my waist tighter. Finally, I begin working myself in, and out, massaging your pussy with my cock. As I slowly thrust into you, the warm water cascades down between us. Your legs tighten, and I stroke my cock into you faster, deeper. I can almost feel the hardness of your clit, as my cock slides in and out faster and faster.

Your pussy tightens even more around my hard cock as your body twitches in anticipation of your on coming orgasm. Screaming, you growl at me to fuck you, not to stop. Please, you beg. With my cock driving you into the tile wall, you groan with each thrust. Grasping at my neck and shoulders, you scream out as your pussy explodes around my hard cock. Sensing you are about to cum, I ram my cock deep within you, as my mouth finds your wet neck. Thrusting wildly, I clench you tightly as your orgasm subsides.

Biting and nibbling at your neck, I feel your body almost go limp. Gazing up at you, my eyes meet yours. Supporting your exhausted body with mine, you smile at me. Slowly I lower you to the shower floor, as my hard cock slips from you wet pussy. Grasping your legs, I wrap them around my neck as my cock grazes your aching pussy. Pressing only with my hips, I watch as my cock head enters your wetness. As the warm water beats down on my back, I slide deeper into you. I watch as the water splashes from my back and shoulders, onto your glistening body. Moaning out my name again, your hands reach for my chest, as my eyes remain on my cock sliding in and out of you. Gently you twist and pull at my hard nipples as my balls begin slapping your ass. As your legs tighten around my neck, my hands find your upper thighs, pulling you to me, as I thrust into you.

Arching my head back, I scream out your name as my balls slap harder into you. Faster I slam my cock in, Oh God how I want to ... have to, cum deep with in you. As your pussy tightens around my fast moving piston, I hear you moan out.

"Oh Jesus! Yes Jenn. I'm gonna cum!" I cry.

With one final thrust, I howl as I fire a ton of cum into you as you cum with me. 

"Oh God," I moan.

Leaning forward, we again kiss. This time more tenderly, almost thanking one another for what we both shared. As I reach up for the soap, you rise to a sitting position. Gently we wash each other's exhausted bodies. I stand and pull you up to me. We kiss again, the water rinsing our bodies. Stepping from the shower, I painstakingly dry every inch of you, gently applying soft kisses as I go.

As it is late, I ask if you'd mind if I slept over, ginning from ear to ear. Being a Thursday night, I think about calling in sick at work. I then remember I have a 9:00 o'clock meeting with the company president. Walking from the bathroom, we re enter the bedroom, my arm around your waist, both of us still nude. We reach the bed; I kiss you again, before we both crawl in. With the only light in the house coming from the fireplace, our bodies intertwine with one another. Feeling my body against yours, I smile to myself. As we both stroke one another's bodies, we grin and laugh about the previous few hours.

Remembering my morning meeting, I explain the situation to you. With my eyes growing heavier and heavier, I fight to keep awake, afraid I'll wake up and this would have all been just a dream.

* Chris *

Setting your alarm, you smiled as you crawled into the bed next to me. Your body is molded into mine as we share conversation before both of us drift off to sleep. My dreams were vivid that night, and I felt as if I was floating. My mind was awash, as a song brought me out of my dream.

My God, I thought, it's morning already. My arm was draped over you and my chest and groin were pressed against your back and ass. Leaning over lightly, I gently kissed your neck and separated my body from you, being careful not to wake you.

Quickly I gathered my clothes, which were strewn from one end of the townhouse to the other. Hmmm, going into work with the same clothes on my back, I laughed to myself. I don't have time to go home and change, with my meeting with the company VP and all this morning. You gently stir in the bed, and I freeze, not wanting to wake you from your much-deserved slumber. Smiling I lightly kiss you on the cheek, then make my way out of the bedroom.

Finding a pen and pad, I scribble a quick note.

Jenn -

I enjoyed last night, it was absolutely incredible. No one has ever taken me to the places that you took me to last night. Please don't think that I'm sneaking out, you were just resting so peacefully that I didn't want to wake you. If you don't have any plans, maybe we could do something tonight? Dinner maybe? Anything would be good for me. I'll be at the office until 5pm or so, but will probably be in meetings most of the day. You could call me at work - the # is 987-1675. I'll do my best to give you a ring as soon as I can.

Miss ya already!! -Chris

Smiling, I left the note on the table we shared the night before, and hurried out the door.

Meetings basically suck, but they were really going to suck today. Looking down at my watch I realize I'm running behind. My boss is not going to like this, I think to myself. Wendy, my boss, is an extremely attractive woman. There is absolutely no doubt about that! She is very aware of herself, and knows exactly what she's been doing to me for the past year or so. Wearing tight fitting low cut dresses that reach mid thigh, high heels and stockings, she has induced more than one erection out of me in very inappropriate times. The only problem is, Wendy is married. While I've stolen glances, hell maybe even stares, I realize that she is unattainable and is simply teasing me. Grinning to myself, as I enter the building, you changed all that last night for me.

Reaching my office, I flip on the PC and quickly gather material I have for this morning meeting. Wendy suddenly walks in, slamming the door behind her. 

"Where have you been Chris? I tried calling you at home all last night with no answer? Jackson wants the Bilo data for this mornings meeting, and I couldn't find it!" As she says all this, she realizes that I'm wearing the same clothes that I had on yesterday. 

"Relax Wendy," I say as reach across my desk and grab another folder, "I've got everything we'll need." 

"Where were you all night, and is that the same suit you had on yesterday." she asks as her hand reaches for her chest. 

"I met, well, a friend yesterday and yes, this is the same suit," I say.

Having said this, I realize that she'd been checking me out. HA, you're too late, I think to myself. As hot as you are honey, I've found something better. A look of what appeared to be disappointment appeared on her face as I explained where I had been. 
