 I was in Melbourne to take part in a conference called the International Outdoor Education Research Conference. Dull? Maybe. What excited me though were the possibilities of having sex with as many different men as possible in three days.

My flight landed at 5pm and I caught a cab into my hotel near Chinatown on Little Bourke Street. The room the Department of Education had organised for me was terrific. A large king sized bed, a lounge suite and, one of my favourites, a spa bath, all sat neatly within the one room. Perfect for what I had planned.

I looked out the window and wondered where I should go to find myself someone, or more, to share this room with. All I could see were a few lane ways and flashing lights advertising Chinese restaurants so I had a quick shower to freshen up and got out my sexiest outfit. It wasn't overtly slutty but the black dress I wore had one big advantage. I could take it off and be naked in seconds. A pair of fishnets and suspenders, no bra, along with some high heels, set off my minimalist approach. 

At 36 I believe I am at my peak, both physically and emotionally. My appetite for sex was described, by one of my therapists, as being like that of a randy teenage boy in a girl's dressing room.

I'd always thought that I was different, and from an early age I was playing with all sorts of toys to bring myself off. Finally I met a group of other people with the same appetite for adventure and we used our experiences to help counsel each other, in more ways than one. 

To put it in plain English, I love to have group sex with anyone. And I mean anyone. From school students to truck drivers, as long as they are legal, they are there for the taking. 

I had been sacked and reinstated, groped and fondled by hundreds of men and I love it.

Now I was in a city I had never been in before and I was ready for everything. I stepped out into the street and headed north up Little Bourke St looking for somewhere to have dinner. I young Chinese girl corralled me into her restaurant where I enjoyed a lovely soup and a plate of singapore noodles with chicken before I knocked back my second glass of white and headed off.

The warmth from the wine heightened my desires and as I walked north looking for a pub or a nightclub I noticed a laneway that led off to the right. At the end of the lane was a flashing neon light that simply said 'Adult'. I headed down past the empty boxes and garbage skips and saw that it was an adult store with nearly all the flashing lights either busted or burnt out. I looked at the tatty carpet on the stairs that led up to the first floor and I could smell stale cigarettes and beer. 

It was a dirty establishment and do you know what? It excited me all the more because of it.

I climbed the stairs slowly and entered a long room with DVD's and books lining each wall. The centre of the room had a long display full of toys for both genders. At the end of the room sat a man in his thirties and a woman in her twenties. They were chatting amicably and both looked up and smiled as I entered. I looked at a few of the DVD's and scanned the room. They had a few signs behind them advertising a theatre with live shows and movies so I decided that that should be interesting.

"Hi," I said as I walked up the counter. "What movie is on at the moment?"

"Not sure," he said and began shuffling through a pile of DVD's on the desk. 

I smiled at the young girl who looked me up and down and smiled back.

"This one here," he said holding up a German teen film.

I looked at the cover that had a young brunette on it taking on three men. My kind of scene.

"Looks good," I said to him.

"Are you a friend of Sandra's?" the young girl asked.

I looked at her questioningly. "Sandra?" I replied, "I don't know any Sandra's that live in Melbourne."

"Oh," she said and looked at the other man. "That's OK."

I paid my $10 and walked up some stairs to a door with another flickering light above it. I opened the door and I could just see the screen away to my right. And that was about all I could see.

As the door closed behind me I could barely see anything so I pulled my mobile phone out of my purse and flicked it open. The faint light exposed a row of seats so I followed them down and to the right. I aimed the phone upwards and I could see that no one was sitting in any of the seats. I decided to sit and let my eyes adjust before moving again.

After a few minutes, and after watching two slender girls doing each other with a dildo, I could make out the layout of the theatre. The seats were set up in a V shape and I was about one third of the way down a fairly large cinema. From my seat I could see the entire seating arrangement and I soon realised that very few people were in there. At the front was an old man who looked to be asleep and to the back was a group of eight all sitting about. Realising I was alone, and in almost total darkness, I lifted my dress up and slipped my panties off. I tucked them into my handbag and sat back with my legs open and watched the movie. 

As my eyes adjusted I noticed that the people at the back of the theatre had moved seats. I watched for a while and counted only seven heads. One had gone, or so it appeared. The scene on the movie changed to one of a young brunette being shagged by two men in a kitchen.

I began to rub my trimmed pussy as I watched the girl being plugged in her arse and cunt. She was really enjoying it and so was I. As I rubbed my clit my pussy was getting wetter and wetter and I could feel a much needed orgasm begin to come to the surface. What I needed though was to feel a nice hard cock in my cunt just like the girl on the screen was getting.

Again I looked over to the group at the back of the theatre and one of them had moved. I watched them for a bit longer and in the gap between two heads I saw another, obviously female head, rise up between them. Now I knew why they were moving and why there was a disappearing head.

Here was a woman, it seemed, even more of a root rat than me. I had to check her out. I grabbed my hand bag and navigated my way through the chairs onto the centre aisle. It was about 20 rows to the back of the theatre and as I got closer I could see more clearly. I stopped three rows before them and sat at the end of the row. I was no longer interested in the movie and I focussed on what was going on behind me. 

The woman was hunched over to the left and her head was bobbing up and down. From what I could see she appeared to be naked. The scene on the movie changed to a bright beach scene which illuminated the theatre. I could see that the men were a range of ages and nationalities. One of them. in his 30's, stood up and was looking at me as he stepped over the seats down into the row I was in. My heart was beating like a scared rabbit and he was unzipping his fly as he walked towards me. I could smell semen in the air and I licked my lips in anticipation. I hitched my dress up and when he was next to me I spread my legs wide open. He saw my open pussy and fished his semi hard cock out of his pants. I sat forward in my seat and took hold of his damp rod and sucked it into my mouth. I could taste pre-cum on his cock as I licked the knob and swirled my tongue around its expanding girth. I saw out of the corner of my eye another movement as another man got up from his chair. 

"Hello, hello, who do we have here?" he said as he came closer. 

"I have no idea mate," said the guy I was sucking, "but she's fucking hot."

Of course I was flattered by his comments so I squeezed his balls as I sucked him. I felt some hands on my shoulders as the man behind me began to caress my body. He moved my hair over to the side and slid my dress strap down over my shoulder.

I spread my legs even wider and leant back in the chair, breaking contact with the guy I was sucking who immediately sat down on my left. I rested my head on the back of the chair and looked up at the older man above me. His cock was already out and as hard as iron. I felt a hand reach down and rub my slit as the older bloke reached down and pushed my dress down over my shoulders and exposed my breasts. I reached up and grabbed his cock and pulled on its thickness. In the dim light I could see a glob of jizz oozing out of his slit so I scooped it up with my finger and stuck it in my mouth.

"This is one hot slut," he said as he knelt down and turned my head around gently, "Now suck my cock." 

His thick cock tasted of sweat and cum as I gulped it down into my mouth. The guy next to me sucked on my left nipple as he fingered my cunt. The effect was amazing and when I felt a third hand on my right thigh I came with an immensity that was frightening. My insides contracted and a wave of pins and needles swept through my body, I squirmed and let the cock fall from my mouth as my body pulsed and shook.

"Fuck me," I said to anyone who would listen, "Someone just fuck me."

I stood up and pulled my dress off and noticed that the man who had joined us was about 40 and a little chubby but did I care? As long as he had a cock I was happy.

My standing up and talking got the attention of everyone including the other woman who was being fingered and mauled by three men. 

She broke away from them and stepping over the seats came towards me. She was only about five foot four and had long dark curly hair. From what I could tell in the dark she was about 45 and a little chubby around the middle but she oozed sexuality. She was completely naked and she was red in patches from all the groping.

"Hello darling," she said as she came down to my row. "I'm Sandra, welcome to the club." she kissed me on the cheek and hugged me. I kissed her back on the lips and instantly I knew I had found another soul mate. Her tongue flicked around my mouth as if it was searching for something and her hands went instantly to my sopping pussy. Her cunt was being rubbed by the bloke to my left and my arse was being played with by the chubby guy. 

I put my left foot up on the seat and she rubbed my slit as she bent over and sucked my left nipple.

"Time to fuck," she said. Sandra spun around and pushed the legs of the man to my left together and sat down on his lap. 

I knelt on the chair and stuck my arse out at just the right height for chubby to slide his cock in. Oldie offered his cock to me and I sucked it in just as chubby was the first to fuck me for the night. His cock felt fantastic as it ploughed into my wet slit. More bodies came down around us and when I looked next to me at Sandra she was riding the other man in the reverse cowboy position as she sucked the cock of some other bloke. I looked around and all the blokes had their dicks out and ready to go. Oldie moved over as another dick was offered to me which I immediately licked and sucked. I felt chubby pull his dick out and another longer one took its place as I continued to swap between the two.

"What a pair of dirty sluts," someone said.

I looked again at Sandra who was licking and pulling on a cock for all its worth. 

She looked up at the man she was sucking and said "Cum all over my face, come on, do it."

Sure enough he grabbed his cock with his right hand and the top of her head with his left and shot a stream of cum all over her dial. It landed on her forehead and ran down into her right eye, some landed in her open mouth but most was all over her face.

Knowing how much cum stings, I let go of the two dicks I was sucking and leant to my right.

"Here," I said, "let me get that for you." I licked the cum out of her eye as she licked the remains of cum from his cock. 

I could feel the cock in my pussy harden as his speed increased.

"Jesus," he cried as he pulled his cock out and let loose a spray of jism onto my butt cheeks. I could feel some land on my back also and run down the backs of my legs. He slapped me on the right bum cheek and slammed his cock back into me. Both the spent men were replaced and I went back to satisfying the two cocks above me. 

Another man sat on the seat to my left and began twisting and pulling my nipples. I could feel the oncoming tremor of another organism as the four of them pushed the pleasure boundaries. When the man fucking me stuck his finger in my bum, and the man to my left rubbed my clit, I shoved backwards and cooed as my body was overcome with pure pleasure. 

The bloke fucking me rubbed his cock all over my arse cheeks before sliding two fingers into my bum hole. I looked around to the middle aged Italian man and said, "Fuck me in the arse."

He was quick to pull his cock out of my pussy and after he spat on his hand and rubbed it around his knob, he began to push it into my arse.

"Oh Christ," he said, "this is a first."

I looked at the young man, who was mauling my boobs to my left, and said "Rub my pussy, get it nice and wet because you're going to fuck it next."

He didn't even have his dick out, but it didn't take long. A few seconds later his pants were around his ankles and his cock was pulsing hard in his hand. I looked over to Sandra who was now standing up and leaning forward, taking one cock in her pussy while sucking another. She kept looking around to the man drilling her as he pulled his cock out all the way, before quickly shoving it back in. 

The Italian was plugging away quite nicely and I was happy to just be here being used and satisfied by these anonymous men. After a few minutes though Italian, who had quickened his pace substantially, pulled his cock out and shot a load of thick cum, like white custard, over my arsehole. I could feel it drip down into my cunt and youngie, to his credit, rubbed it in.

I needed to feel completely filled so I grabbed youngie by the hand and dragged him up. There was no way I could organise what I wanted on the chairs and the only option was the steps. 

"Come with me," I said. 

He dutifully followed me to the wide steps and I pointed at the dirty carpet.

"Lie down," I said.

His dick was fairly large and rock hard. He lay back on the carpet and I squatted above him. I looked over to Sandra who now had two dicks to suck.I held youngies cock and squatted above him. As I slid down onto his rod he reached up and squeezed my boobs. His massage technique needed some fine tuning but his cock was of a good enough size to make up for it. The guy plugging Sandra's pussy pulled out and came towards me. He was replaced by one of the guys she was sucking. 

I looked around to the guy coming towards me and he spat on his cock to lube it up.

"Fuck my arse," I said to him.

He lined himself up and easily slid in.

"Bloody hell," youngie said as he must have felt the other cock rubbing through the thin wall. 

They finally got some rhythm happening and youngie went back to mauling my boobs.

"Squeeze my nips," I said. He dutifully, again, did as I asked. 

I saw someone else moving down towards us and soon I had another dick in my mouth. 

"You are a fucking slut," he said with a middle eastern accent. "Suck my cock."

Now I was full, full of strange cocks that were bringing me to yet another climax. My third of the night was just as powerful as the first two and youngies dick was slipping and slopping nicely in my cunt. 

Now I had three men, Sandra had three and Italian was getting dressed. 

Now that my eyes had fully adjusted to the light I noticed when the door to the theatre opened. 

"Hey guys have a look up here," said a voice.

"Now that's a live show," another said.

I looked down and could see three figures walking up the stairs. Youngie couldn't hold back any longer and as he said 'shit, shit, sorry' he unloaded a warm serving of cum into my pussy. The man in my arse got carried away with the moment as well and pulled his dick out and emptied his ballbag over my arse. Glob after glob sprayed down onto my open hole and down into the mess lying on youngies nut sack. After the man in my arse moved away I let go of Middle Eastern and slid down to youngies still firm cock. 

"Looks like you need a clean up," I said to him. I sucked his cock into my mouth, licking up all of our juices. I licked down to his tight sack and licked all the combined juices off him. I felt a hand on my backide and when I looked around the three new lads were watching me clean up.

"Do we have to pay extra for this?" one of them asked.

I sucked youngies cock back into my mouth before saying "I never charge." "Cool," one said, "Because I'm broke."

I needed to sit down so I stood up and moved to the seat closest to the aisle and where there was space out in front. I could feel the cum from youngie oozing out, but in the darkness, they wouldn't know, nor probably care. I spread my legs and the first of the three knelt down in the space and slid his cock in. The Middle Eastern man went back to shoving his cock into my mouth as another lad pulled my boobs, the third went to the other side of my head. 

Sandra had managed to get cocks in her pussy and arse as well and was now being well and truly fucked. I was happy to just sit here being slowly fucked and as soon as the first lad shot a rope of sperm onto my belly he was replaced with another. Middle Eastern man finally sprayed his thin man-jam onto my face, hitting me across the nose and down into my mouth. The other lad behind me took his place with a fat but short cock and soon enough he too filled my mouth with a massive load of jism. It was too much to swallow so I let it fall out of my mouth down onto my boobs. All this cumming sent the one in my pussy into a wild orgasm and he pulled his dick out as well, spraying a thick arc onto my body. I was now completely covered, from top to tail, in sticky cum. Sandra was also getting covered as her men finished themselves, and her, off.

The men all sat around, no doubt wondering what to do next. I needed to clean up and Sandra was sitting back on one man, his dick still in her arse, rubbing her pussy. I walked over to her and leant over.

"Anywhere here I can clean up?" I asked.

She grabbed me by the back of the head and gently pulled me down towards her.

"Come with me out the back," she whispered, "They have a shower."

I walked over and grabbed my dress and purse and followed her down the stairs to a door to the right of the screen. It opened into a hall with toilets and a small dressing room on the left. To the right was the shop front where I had paid.

The young girl and man looked at us both and smiled.

"I'm certainly a friend of Sandra's now." I said laughing.