 Last Thursday, my wife, Abigail, and I were out, having a nice dinner and planning on going to a movie when she noticed a couple that we hadn't seen in a few years. Immediately, she shot to her feet and headed over to them and no more a couple minutes passed before all three of them returned.

I hadn't had the opportunity to even turn my head or stand up and look after Abby so I was surprised when Celeste and Rose returned with my erstwhile wife.

I couldn't get to my feet fast enough, trying to be polite. I was going to pull out Celeste's chair but she'd already sat down. Even Rose had beaten me to the punch.

I have had fantasies about Celeste since the day we met, about five years ago, when Abby introduced us. We shook hands then and I felt the smooth, silky black skin of her palm. I wondered how that hand would feel around my cock. As I listened to her talk then, I was elsewhere.

I had fantasies about fucking her, eating her, her swallowing my sword, taking both of my balls into her mouth. 

Celeste was my dream girl, while Abby was my real girl. On some level, I think Abby knew about my dreamworld.

Rose, on the other hand, had not entered into my head or my dreams, day or night. It was nothing against her personally; Rose was pretty fucking hot. But there was something about her girlfriend that I was mad about.

At first, when I'd met them, I thought that they were simply lesbians. It wasn't until later when I asked about them, subtly, I thought, that Abby informed me they were bisexual. I filed that away for future use.

Now, as I listened to her talk, I couldn't get my latest fantasy about Celeste out of my head. It played out while we were sitting there. I kept nodding and trying to advance the conversation while the movie played on the screen of my mind's eye.

We were in a car somewhere. As always, Celeste was naked, while I was completely clothed. I had my fingers deep inside of her and she was acting as if I had no effect on her.

"You want to fuck me?" she asked.

Suddenly, she was bent over the hood of the car, my cock pumping in and out of her gushing pussy as I fucked her from behind.

It never stopped, our fucking, and I came over and over again, seemingly an endless tape loop.

"Tom?" I snapped out of my dirty thoughts and noticed that the voice sounded like my wife. It was my wife.

"Where were you?" she asked, looking rapidly from me to Celeste to Rose and back at me again.

"Sorry," I said.

"That's okay," she said sweetly. "We've decided to go back to our place for a nightcap. You okay to drive?"

"Of course," I said.

Nightcap sounded like a code word to me. The way Abby had said the word was suspicious.

No sooner were we inside the door to our apartment, Celeste and Rose following behind, than did I learn my suspicions were right. 

I had never seen my wife kiss another person before, let alone another woman. But that's what she did as we walked into the living room. Our living room is of the sunken variety, a set of stairs leading down into it.

Abby grabbed Celeste by the front of her shirt and mashed her lips against the African-American woman's lips, messing up her lipstick. This was the most aggressive I'd ever seen her, too. She reached behind her and Rose came to her hand and Abby reenacted the scene with her, kissing Rose deeply. I'm sure tongues were used. It was hot. I was hard.

Abigail came down the steps and the couple followed her. She came straight for me, pausing only briefly to remove the slip dress she'd been wearing, lifting it over her head and dropping it on the floor. She was naked except for a pair of pink sheer panties. She slid out of them quickly and then shoved me backward onto our couch.

She attacked me, unzipping my pants and pulling my cock out of the fly, and slipping it between her lips. She was an animal, sucking my cock like it was her last time. One of her hands was between her own legs, stroking her bare pussy.

I rolled my head to the left to watch our friends touch each other through their clothing, then Rose pushed one of her hands under the hem of Celeste's skirt and Celeste moaned and shook.

"You're so wet, aren't you?" Rose said in a mock whisper. "You want to come, baby?"

Celeste shook her head and Rose, without removing her hand from under the skirt, took Celeste's shirt off with the other. Pulling it over her lover's head, Rose continued to finger Celeste while the fabric hit the floor. Celeste, like my wife, was not wearing a bra and her dark tits stood out, the nipples hard. Rose moved close to take one into her mouth. She bit on the nipple and Celeste cried out in pain and pleasure.

I was nearly about to come in Abby's mouth when she stopped and stopped stroking herself.

"They're beautiful, don't you think?" she asked me. I nodded and tried to push her mouth back onto my pulsing cock. She held it in one hand and had other ideas.

"Let's just on watch for a bit," she said, indicating Celeste and Rose with a nod of her head.

The pair were both nude now, Celeste's dark body a stark contrast to the nearly porcelain complexion of Rose. I could see Rose also shaved her pussy; Celeste had her back to us.

The sight of her dark body only made me harder than I'd been all night. As she and Rose sank to the floor and she bent to lap at her lover's cunt, she dipped a finger between her own labia and she showed us her pink pussy. It nearly sent me over the edge.

Celeste licked and sucked on Rose's pussy for what seemed like an eternity. I was in need of relief, but I didn't dare to touch myself and do something about it, fearing the wild woman that was my wife and what she might do. She was crazed that night.

Abby took hold of my tool and stroked it. "You want to do that," she said.

"To you? Yeah, I do," I acknowledged.

"I meant Celeste's cunt," she replied. "You have wanted to do that for a while, Tom. It's okay. I give you permission. That was the whole reason for tonight. This is my gift to you. Go ahead."

I didn't ask twice, stripped out of my clothes, the last one in the room to do so, and I came up behind Celeste. I wondered for a moment if I should slip a condom on before I sank into her but decided my need was greater than safety. Stupid, I know. I had no idea how many other people Celeste was with. Plus, she could get pregnant if the time of the month was right.

I didn't think about any of that then. I just grabbed hold of her hips, amazed that she didn't miss a beat in her ministrations, as I pushed my cock into her pussy, slowly, prolonging the sensation for her and for me. Inch by inch, my cock disappeared into her soaked cunt.

Just as slowly, I pulled back out and then pushed back in, pushing and pulling at a pace that felt comfortable for me. Celeste moaned into Rose's pussy and the girl below her moaned because of it. I moved faster, matching Celeste's hip gyrations and watching Rose as she continued to be tongued.

Abby was suddenly in front of me, her legs splayed as she stood over Celeste's head and upper back. She closed the gap between us and then looked down at me and simply said, "Suck."

I stuck my tongue out and couldn't quite reach. Abby moved forward a bit more and then I had my tongue in her as I moved faster inside of Celeste. Rose was bucking below the woman I was fucking and Abby's legs were shaking as I touched her clit with the end of my tongue. We were all moaning or groaning or grunting as we shook with mutual orgasm, my load shooting deeply inside of Celeste.

We collapsed to the floor afterwards, each of us laying next to each other, our hands on each other's bodies.

"Fucking fantastic," Abby said.

"You ain't seen nothing yet," Rose said and rolled over, placing her head between my wife's legs.

"No," Abby said, "no more, please!"

Rose ignored her and took her pussy lips into her mouth, gently munching on them.

"Go ahead," Celeste said, looking over at me. "She likes thick ones."

She was talking about Rose and about my cock but I was nowhere near ready to fuck anyone else just yet.

Instead, I slipped a finger down through Celeste's pubic hair and found her clit. She shivered as I did so.

"Not what I had in mind," she said. "But okay." I pressed the finger into her opening and felt the sticky warmth there.

I wondered idly what she had in mind.

"Let's do that," I said out loud, my finger still inside the woman.

"What?" Celeste asked.

"What did you have in mind?"

A minute later, I was hard again and behind Rose, who was really making Abby scream. I'd never heard my wife sound that way before but I knew it wasn't because of pain so I wasn't concerned.

"Put it in her," Celeste said, next to me, stretched out on the floor. I did as she ordered, slipping inch by inch into Celeste's girlfriend's cunt. I don't know why I have never had a fantasy about Rose before, she has such a heavenly cunt. She reacted immediately, pulling her face away from Abby's crotch to say, "Yes!"

I fucked Rose like I had fucked Celeste, except I stopped every twenty or thirty strokes and fed my cock to Celeste's waiting mouth. She would then put it back into Rose's pussy and I'd fuck for a while and then pull out and repeat the process.

Like Celeste had before her, Rose never stopped eating my wife, not at least until Abby told her in no uncertain terms that she was going to come.

Rose was nearly there, too, according to both herself and Celeste. 

"When she comes, she gushes," Celeste said. "It's one of the reasons I love her so much."

"Oh, fuck, fuck!" Rose was saying. She tried to pull away and I pulled her back on my cock, fucking her hard and fast. "Fuck! Oh, god, no! Fuck!"

I pulled out just as she squirted all over the carpet, her orgasm forcing her face-first into the floor. She rubbed her clit as she continued to squirt and then she told me to fuck her some more.

I did as ordered and it didn't take much for me to shoot a second load into the pussy of one of Abby's friends.

My wife was recovering on the couch and I joined her.

"Shit," she said. "If I had known how this was going to turn out, I would have done this a long time ago."

Later, when all of us had gotten good and horny again, the three women decided to treat me to a thorough fucking. Celeste sat across my face while Rose told me to finger her and Abby rode me first cowgirl style then reverse cowgirl. At one point, I had Celeste on my face, Rose on my hand and Abby on my cock, my tongue working overtime on Celeste's gash.

Rose was the first to come, drenching my hand in her juices.

Celeste went next as she kissed Abby as they both rode opposite sides of me. Her juices coated my face. When it was just Abby and me, Abby leaned forward, in cowgirl again, and licked them off me.

"Faster," she said and I bucked my hips upward. "Yes, goddamn it, yes!"

Abby shook, shivered and bounced as she came. I was too tired to come a third time.