 (Author's Note: I wrote this story based on an experience that one of my coworkers had on the night of Thanksgiving in 2003. Although I was not in attendance for this encounter, I know my friend very well, and do not believe she would exaggerate. If she did not, then this was one hell of an evening for everyone!)

It was the evening of Thanksgiving. My friend Christa had come over to spend the night so that we could go shopping early the next morning and catch all of the major day after Thanksgiving sales. We went to dinner, and then swung by the movie rental place on the way home. At home, we stayed up and talked about the sales we wanted to shop the next day, and then watched some T.V. Finally, around midnight my husband Kenny said he was getting tired, so he went off to the bedroom to go to sleep. 

Christa and I weren't tired yet, so we changed into a couple of my husband's t-shirts, removed the rest of our clothes except for our panties (I noticed she was wearing a thong like me) and sat down in front of the T.V. I'm very proud of the way I look, with a medium build and medium sized perky breasts, and have long, curly dark brown hair that goes past my shoulders. I don't have the longest legs or a perfect body, but I turn my share of heads when my husband and I go out to clubs. Sitting in just a thong and t-shirt is no big deal to me, and it didn't seem to be a big deal to her, either. 

We sat down to watch a movie, and brushed each other's hair and did our nails, the typical things we do when we are just hanging out together. I couldn't help but sneak a glance at her out of the corner of my eye every now and them. She is slightly shorter and skinnier than me, and has full, round breasts. I noticed that unlike me, her nipples were not visible through her thin t-shirt. Mine were quite visible, and I noticed her glancing at them as my head lay in her lap while she softly brushed my hair.

"I'm not making you uncomfortable, am I?" I questioned.

"Huh? No, I hadn't noticed them; I mean, um, what?" Christa stuttered back. "I mean, I noticed them, they're right there and everything, but…"

"It's okay; they always seem to pop up at the most embarrassing times." I replied. Of course, they also tend to pop up when I was aroused, and she was brushing my hair, which is one of my biggest turn-ons. She didn't have to know that, though, I thought with a smile. After a few minutes, we switched and I brushed her hair. She just sighed and snuggled into my lap, and relaxed while I ran the brush through her stringy light brown hair.

We watched the movie for a while, me sneaking glances at her every now and then. The movie wasn't very interesting, and in fact I was paying more attention to Christa than the movie. Every time I looked at her, she was watching the movie except for one time. When I glanced at her once during the movie, I caught her staring at the dark bumps beneath my t-shirt. I watched her from the corner of my eye for a few seconds, but she didn't break her gaze. I think she finally noticed that she had been caught, as she coughed a few times and then shifted to get a better view of the movie. I noticed that she was finally starting to poke two little bumps into her shirt. Was it staring at my breasts that did this to her? I certainly hoped so.

We sat watching the movie for a while longer when seemingly out of nowhere Christa asked "What are you supposed to do in a threesome?" 

"I guess you do whatever you want to." I said. After that, Christa didn't say anything else about it and I assumed the subject was closed. I have to admit her question made me a little curious, though. I've always wanted to have a threesome. I've messed around with a girl before, but never with anyone else involved, and definitely not with my husband as well. Could Christa be interested in a threesome with us? I thought of an easy way to find out, and decided to try it after the movie ended.

"Let's go jump on the bed and wake Kenny!" I said. I glanced at the clock. It was 2:00, so my husband had been in bed for about two hours by this time. I wasn't sure this would actually lead to anything, but it would at least be fun to scare my husband if nothing else.

We ran into the bedroom and started jumping up and down on the bed, bouncing back and forth over Kenny. He woke up very startled, but calmed down when he realized it was just us making that entire racket. After a few minutes, we calmed down and sat on the bed next to my husband.

"I want some lotion, Kenny!" I pleaded. 

"Me too, I want some too!" Christa happily agreed. Kenny agreed to rub lotion on our backs, but playfully told us we had to take our shirts off first. I reached over and took off Christa's shirt first, briefly noticing her medium-sized light pink nipples, before my view was blocked by her removing my shirt with the same quick motion, revealing my slightly darker nipples. We glanced at each other for a second, and then dropped onto our stomachs on the bed.

Kenny grabbed the lotion from our nightstand and began to rub it slowly all over my back. He moved down and did the backs of my legs, and then my ass, softly kneading and rubbing it the way he knows I like. Then, he told me to flip over. I flipped onto my back, and he began to massage the lotion into my shoulders and belly. 

"Come help me with this, Christa." he said. She slid over next to him and took some lotion into her hands. She then began to massage my breasts with both hands. It was so relaxing, but at the same time, I felt myself beginning to tense up. My nipples grew rock hard, and it didn't help when she started lightly tweaking them with her fingertips on every pass over my breasts. After a few moments it was her turn for a massage.

Christa flopped down onto her stomach and Kenny began to rub lotion onto her back, just like he had done for me. She flipped over sooner than I did, though, and I immediately grabbed the lotion and squeezed some into my hands. I massaged her breasts and belly, paying extra attention to her nipples just like she did to me. She started to breathe more deeply and looked at me, then at my breasts. I'm sure she noticed that my nipples were still hard. I wondered; would this lead any further for us? Just then, Christa jumped off of the bed.

"I'm going to brush my teeth, I'll be right back!" she announced. I rolled off the bed and followed her lead. I noticed that she slipped off her thong when she thought I wasn't looking, so I quickly removed my thong and dropped it into the hamper when she had her back turned and was brushing her teeth. She had casually tossed her thong next to our hamper in the corner of the bathroom. After I dropped my thong in and finished brushing my teeth, we went back into the bedroom and got onto the bed. My husband had lit a candle, and the soft, warm glow filled the room with a flickering light. I lay down between my husband and Christa, and wondered what would happen next.

I didn't have very long to wonder, as Christa rolled towards me and began to softly kiss me. I kissed back, letting her lips linger on mine and then slowly touching my tongue to hers. After a few minutes of this, I grew impatient and began to kiss her more aggressively, kissing and sucking her tongue into my mouth. She began pressing against me, and we were holding each other tightly. My hands started to roam over her flat stomach and soft breasts. I gave one breast a gentle squeeze, and she drew in a sharp breath. She and I both moaned softly, and I could feel my husband's breath quickening on the back of my neck. It was then that I decided to take this to the next level.

I slid my hand slowly down to her crotch as we continued kissing, and found that she was neatly trimmed, and very wet. I slowly slid my finger into her pussy, feeling around her lips and circling her clit. Kenny's cock was quickly growing hard, and rubbing up against my ass. As I fingered Christa, she slid a hand down to my pussy. 

"Oh, you're totally bare!" she squealed. "I love it! You are so soft and smooth…" She slid a finger in and immediately began to finger fuck me just as I was doing to her. We both began to moan and squirm, and my husband was getting even more excited by what he was seeing. 

I rolled over on top of her and started kissing her again, this time furiously kissing her neck, and then sliding down to her breasts. I took one of her nipples into my mouth and sucked hard on it until it grew hard, then released it from my mouth and flicked my tongue across the top of the nipple I had been sucking. With my other hand, I tugged and tweaked her other nipple. She drew in a series of sharp breaths and quietly moaned. I slid down and started kissing and licking her bellybutton ring, pulling on it gently. Slowly, I worked my way down to her inner thighs.

I started to slowly lick the outer edges of her pussy. She tasted so sweet and was so wet and warm. I began to encircle her clit with my tongue, stroking back and forth across the sensitive bud. I slid a couple of fingers deep into her pussy at the same time, and from the noises she was making, I knew that she couldn't hold out very long. I quickened the pace of my fingers and concentrated the tip of my outstretched tongue onto the top of her swollen clit.

Christa writhed and moaned on the bed, and I glanced up to find my husband rubbing and pinching her nipples, and stroking her breasts. He would occasionally stop to caress her hair and whisper things into her ear; I assume he was telling her how sexy it was that his wife was going down on her. Finally, her moans grew even louder, and she tensed up quickly. "Oh, oh…" she moaned breathlessly. "Nikki, I'm coming!" As she finished her orgasm, I softly kissed her pussy one last time and then rose to kiss her and to let my husband taste her juices from my wet fingers.

As soon as Christa caught her breath, she threw me down onto my back and dove straight for my damp pussy. She kept thrusting her tongue deeper and deeper into my pussy, occasionally sliding across my clit, and then diving deeper into my pussy again. Kenny was stroking and tugging on my rock hard nipples, and I felt myself getting wetter and wetter. I knew I couldn't last much longer, and I was very close to coming now. When my husband began sucking my nipples, coupled with Christa licking my pussy even deeper and harder, I came. Actually, I came so hard that my juices squirted out in a rush, coating Christa's lips and chin. This only made her more excited, and she kept licking my pussy even more.

"Kenny, go touch her." I whispered. I wanted to see my husband fingering Christa while she was lapping up the rest of my juices.

"What? What did you say?" he whispered back. "I can't hear you."

"Touch her."

"What?"

"I said, touch her! Come on, Kenny, touch her!" I pleaded. Kenny looked at me for a long second, and then stood up from his position on the bed. I was getting close to coming again, as Christa still had not stopped licking my pussy, and was now paying extra special attention to my now overly-sensitive clit.

Suddenly, Christa stopped licking me and came up to kiss me. I wasn't quite sure what to think; I mean she had to know that I was getting very close to coming again, didn't she? As we kissed, I noticed a look of intense pleasure spread across her face, and her beautiful brown eyes widened in surprise. When she slid up to kiss me, my husband had slipped behind her and was now fucking her very hard from behind! I could hear his cock slipping all the way out and back into her dripping pussy. She started moaning even louder. I was getting so turned on watching her get fucked so hard by my husband that I unconsciously started flicking across my clit with my outstretched middle finger. The faster and harder he fucked her, the louder she screamed, and the faster I tickled my clit. Something had to give soon, and something did. Christa came first, screaming at the top of her lungs and shaking. Seeing her having such an intense orgasm brought me over the edge, and my pussy convulsed around my fingers, sending me into another huge orgasm. Finally, the sight of two girls coming because of his actions and the vibrations of Christa's pussy were too much for Kenny to bear, and he came with a groan, filling Christa with blast after blast of his hot, sticky cum.

I thought it was over, but then Christa told me it was my turn. She rolled over on the bed and pulled me on top of her. She started kissing me deeply again, and massaged my breasts with both hands. She flicked and tugged on my nipples, and I felt myself getting even wetter. I heard Kenny behind me, and suddenly, I felt him enter me. He pumped into my pussy softly and slowly, sliding in and out while Christa played with my breasts and whispered dirty little things to me.

"You like the way he's fucking you? I know how good it felt when he was fucking me. Did you like watching me come when your husband was fucking me?" she whispered, a devilish grin spreading across her face. She then slid down and began to lick and bite my nipples, and Kenny began to fuck me even deeper and harder. I couldn't help it, the sensation of Christa biting and sucking my throbbing nipples and my husband pounding his rock hard cock into my soft, sopping pussy caused me to violently come again. It was one of the strongest orgasms I have ever experienced.

Kenny pulled out of me to rest and regroup, and rolled to a laying position beside us. I couldn't take anymore, as my pussy was dripping wet and throbbing. Even the slightest movement was too much for my sensitive pussy right now. However, I decided that Christa had not had enough quite yet. 

"Have you ever used a toy?" I asked her.

"No, I haven't. Do you have any in mind?" she excitedly replied. She was flushed, and her nipples stood at full attention. I knew I had to give her at least one more huge orgasm before she would be completely satisfied. I pulled my hot pink 9" dildo from our nightstand and ran my hand slowly across the many ribbed bumps it contained. Christa's eyes went wide when she saw it. "You aren't going to fuck me with that thing, are you?" She tried to act scared, but the hungry look in her eyes gave her true feelings about the hot pink monster away.

I pushed her roughly onto her back and forced her to lick and suck on the head of the dildo. Then I took it out of her mouth and held her pussy lips open while I rubbed the pink head directly on her exposed clit. She moaned and twisted, grinding her pussy onto the head of the dildo. "Not yet, I'm gonna tease you for a while." I said. 

"Please, fuck me with it. I want the whole nine inches, just do it! Please?" she gasped. I slid the tip of the dildo just into the entrance of her pussy, enjoying the sounds of her juices as I dipped the head in and out. "Please" she moaned "just fuck me!" 

"You want fucked? Fine, fuck it then!" I began to ram the dildo deep into her, pushing it all the way in and then pulling it almost all the way back out. She began to shake and twist on the bed, and I just kept pounding the dildo into her pussy, twisting and turning it as I thrust it deep into her. She was tugging on her nipples and screaming. 

As I was fucking her with the dildo, my husband sat up on the bed and slid a finger into my pussy. He started to slowly finger-fuck me while I kept ramming the dildo deep inside Christa's pussy. 

"Oh-God-I'm-umm-ahh-coming!" she squealed, as another huge orgasm rocked her body. I slowly withdrew the pink monster, and saw it was covered with her juices. I wasn't finished yet, though; I still wanted more of Kenny's cock.

I told Kenny to lie down, and then I climbed on top of him and slid his cock into me again. Christa sat on his face, facing me and he began licking her pussy while I was fucking him. Christa and I played with each others' breasts and kissed while we were both receiving pleasure from Kenny. I was really getting into it, and felt the beginnings of another orgasm coming on, when I felt Kenny jerk suddenly, and felt his hot cum pulsing into my pussy.

"Not yet! We aren't done with you yet!" I exclaimed. I climbed on top of my husband's face and forced him to lick my dripping pussy. Christa followed my lead and climbed onto his cock, which was already wet with my juices. She started to slowly ride him, sliding high up on his cock and then slipping slowly down. I was so turned on watching him fuck her again that I temporarily forgot about my impending orgasm, and climbed off of his face. I needed a closer look.

I lay down next to them, just inches away from her pussy. I could see her pussy hugging his cock as she slid up and down the hard shaft. I had to taste them, so I leaned forward and began to lick his cock and her pussy at the same time. It was wonderful, but I noticed that Kenny wasn't as hard as he usually was when we fucked. I have to fix that, I thought to myself.

I pushed Christa off of my husband, and took his cock into my mouth. I savored the taste of Christa's juices as I bobbed up and down on the head. When he was fully hard again, I climbed on top of him, grabbed the headboard of the bed, and began fucking him harder than I had all night. He was groaning and heaving under me, and I knew he would come soon. Christa reached around and started massaging my breasts and stroking my nipples as she kissed my neck. As I was about to have the powerful orgasm that I thought was going to have a few minutes ago, Kenny pushed me roughly off of him, and I fell backwards onto the bed, my head falling into Christa's lap.

"You want fucked, honey? How about this?" he said, and without another word grabbed my legs and held them straight up in the air. He entered my pussy and began to fuck me with reckless abandon. Christa just gently held my head and rubbed my hair while my husband fucked the hell out of me. 

"That's it, give it to me! Oh my God! Oh God, Kenny! I'm coming!" I panted, as my orgasm overtook me. I was exhausted, and barely noticed when he came again and then slowly pulled out of me.

We laid in silence on the bed for a few minutes, enjoying all the delicious feelings we had experienced. My pussy throbbed, and my nipples were sensitive and sore from all the attention. I glanced at the clock on my nightstand and noticed that it was now 4:00 in the morning. Christa and I had to be ready to go shopping in about an hour, or we would miss the beginning of all the sales! We rose from the bed and slipped into the shower together. We washed each others' hair and helped each other with the soap, and gently kissed a few times. Christa had a grin on her face from ear to ear, and I can only assume I looked the same. We finished our shower, dressed quietly, and slipped out to the sounds of my husband quietly snoring in bed. We hopped into the car and left to grab some breakfast before our busy day of shopping began.

If you have never experienced the joy of a threesome, I would highly recommend you take the first chance you get to try one. It has helped Christa and I become even closer friends, and had definitely given us something new to talk about on those cold, rainy nights. As long as it is with someone that you trust, I promise you will have a wonderful time! We enjoyed ourselves so much that Christa is coming over this Friday night!