 "Sara you are out of your mind," Del said. "I don't do women." 

"Come on Del please?" Sara pleaded. "I know that. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do."

"Sara, I don't know." Del looked at Sara, suspiciously. Sara has been a good friend of Del's since her first day on the job. They have a lot in common, taste in clothing, movies, and both of them are busty women. They both love to flirt, and talk SEX anytime and anywhere. 

"Sara, I have known you for 3 years now. And every other day you, Stephanie and I have done nothing but talk about our sex adventures with each other. You and Stephanie have already done threesomes together, why don't you ask her?"

"Del, Michael is 6'4' and 235 pounds, I'm 5'9 with 42dd tits. Which do you think would make his 8 inch dick come to life, your 44d's or Steph's 32a's and beanpole figure? Besides, Michael hates her and he asked for you."

"Get out of here, he did not!" Del stared at Sara in disbelief.

"He did. He likes you. In fact you are the only one of my friends that he does like. He is always talking about your 'short little body holding up those big tits', his words, not mind. He has never been with a short woman before."

"You're not telling me something, Sara. Michael never does anything but say 'hi and bye' to me whenever we see each other. And you expect me to believe he told you he wants to fuck me, with you!"

Sara signed. "Look, I'll come clean with you. Michael found out that I fucked one of his friends and now he wants to do one of mine."

Del laughed, "You have done friends of his before, I guess you've been forgetting to tell him." 

"Just make sure you don't tell him that", Sara says with a big grin on her face. Sara knew she could trust Del not to say anything to her boyfriend. Del has the kind of personality that made you trust her. With Del's plump, 5 foot tall body, short black hair and innocent smile, it would be hard not to trust her with your darkest secrets. It would be hard to believe too that Miss Innocent Del would be the slut for a bachelor party or tie a man up and make him beg to let him fuck her.

"If it will make you do it, I won't be there. You and Michael can fuck your brains out while I go hang out with Stephanie that night."

"I can't believe that you would leave me alone with your boyfriend. I know I wouldn't want a friend of mine alone with my boyfriend."

"Liar, Del if you stayed still long enough to keep anybody as a boyfriend, you would give him anything and anybody he wanted."

Del stared off into space with a big smile on her face. She liked her freedom. She liked the variety of sex that went along with that freedom. She loved to fuck. Having 8 inches of hard hot cock banging her pussy one day and then 6 inches deep in her throat the next, was the biggest turn on for her. 

"Okay Sara, I'll do it." Del said, fighting the urge to squeeze a nipple or slide her hand down and feel the heat between her legs.

"Alright!!! I am sure you will have a ball. Come over tonight, Steph and I will go out and pick up the guys from the pizza shop. She has been wanting them for months."

Sara doesn't live far from Del, so she walks to her house. Nervous as hell, thinking about how Sara will feel after she has had sex with her boyfriend. Hoping that this will not come between her friendship with Sara. Del always feels nervous about sex with a new man. Worried about if he will like her. She knows he will enjoy her breasts, She has had boys coping feels since she was 12! 

Del arrives at Sara's place, still nervous. Michael opens the door. The smile on his face calms the butterflies in her stomach, a little. 

"Hi Del, come on in, Sara told me you were coming over."

"Hi Michael, is she home?"

"Umm, no she isn't. Sara said you only agreed to come if she wasn't here." 

Michael's 6'4" frame looks so much bigger close up. Del's butterflies were back in full force.

"Relax Del, I don't bite, unless you want me to", Michael says with a smile.

"Come on, I'll fix you something to drink to help you feel more comfortable."

He returns with a glass of wine and leads Del to the loveseat. He sits next to her, thigh touching thigh. Del closed her eyes and sips on her wine slowly, as Michael places his hand on her thigh and rubs up and down. Suddenly, Del felt Michael nibbling on her earlobe, as his hand moved between her legs. 

"MMMMMMM", Del moans, as her legs spread wider for his hand. As his lips move to her neck, Del felt her way to her favorite part of the male body, his cock. Del's heart beat faster as she felt him grow harder, hotter. She rubbed her thumb around on the tip, then slid her hand down to feel his balls through his pants. After another sip of wine, a long sip, Del pulls down Michael's sweats to feel the hot flesh she wants so badly now. Wrapping her hand around his cock, feeling it throb, Del boldly pumps her hand up and down, squeezing the head gently every time she reached it.

"Yeahhh Del, that's it. Take my cock and make it harder for you."

Del stands and places her drink on the table. Kneels down between Michael's legs. Wrapping her hand around the base of hes hot thick shaft. Sucking just the head into her mouth, slowly pumping her hand up and down. Del knew she couldn't swallow all eight inches of Michael, but that wasn't going to stop her from trying. She slowly sucked him deeper into her mouth. Squeezing the base of his cock tighter, she started sucking him in and out, faster, deeper.

"Damn Girl, your mouth is hot!" Michael pulls her away. "Come on, let's take this into the bedroom." 

The lights were low, but the bed seemed to have a spotlight on it. Butterflies returning, Del just stood there by the bed. She watched as Michael slowly removed his clothes. Revealing a well-toned body. Del stared at his lips. She wanted them sucking on her nipples. She couldn't help reaching up to rub her fingers across her left one, making it poke through her blouse. Her eyes moved down his chest, thinking of how she would love to lick his nipples, nibble on them. Just as her eyes landed on his thick hard cock, pointing straight out at her, Michael walked toward her. He pushed her hand away and leaned down and sucked her nipple through her blouse. His hands were pushing her skirt down over her ample hips as he switched to the other nipple. Feeling weak, Del grabbed Michael's shoulders and held tight. 

"Del, you have the hardest nipples I have ever felt before. Take your blouse off for me."

Del stepped back, missing the warmth of his mouth, removing her blouse, then her bra. She stepped away from her skirt. As she started to remove her panties, Michael stopped her, "Let me do that". His hands felt like fire moving over her, which she felt through her whole body. He knelt before her, kissing her thighs as he slipped her panties away. Taking her hands, he led her to the bed. Gently pushing her to her back, Michael climbed on the bed. He looked into her eyes, seeing a mixture of lust and nervousness. 

"Relax, Del. I have wanted to see you naked for a long time. Now that I have, I have to taste you."

Michael lowered his head to her breast, nibbling around the nipple. Del thought she would explode from this alone. Her nipples ached to have his mouth suck on them again. As if he read her thoughts, he took the left nipple greedily into his mouth, while rubbing his thumb over the right one.

"OHHHHH. Pleasee don't stop", Del cried out.

Licking his way to the right nipple, biting it gently as his hand pinches and tugged on the left. His other hand moved slowly down her body to her pussy.

"MMMMMMMMMM", Michael moaned around her nipple. Feeling how wet and hot her box was already made him suck harder on her ripe nub. Michael moved away from Del. She looked up to see him stroking his hard cock as he stared at her pussy. 

"Fuck, you have a juicy pussy, DAMN!" Even though Del never saw it coming, she felt all 8 inches of hard hot flesh buried inside her in one swift move.

"OOOOOOOHHHHHH YESSSSSS". Fuck me Michael, MMMMMMMMMMM FUCK ME." Del raised her legs up into the air and spread them wide. She wanted to feel every inch of his hot stiff shaft deep inside her. Michael grabbed her legs and placed them on his shoulders, and started pounding hard and fast. "Yeaahhh Baby, this pussy is so hot. Oh FUCCK, squeeze my cock baby YEAHHHH." Del opened and closed her pussy walls around his hard dick. 

Michael suddenly pulled out, leaned over and took a hard nipple into his mouth. The surprise of the quick change almost took Del over the edge. "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM" was all Del could get out, the feeling of his mouth on her tit took her breath away. Michael slowly licked down her stomach. He spread her legs wide, and flicked his tongue over her swollen pussy lips. Shocked Del tried to close her legs. She had never had a man put his face between her legs.

"Del, relax, Michael is the best pussy eater around." 

Del turned her head to the right. There was Sara. Naked, with one hand squeezing a very taut and large nipple, the other rubbing up and down on her hairy mound. 

"How long have you been sitting there?" 

"I've been here the whole time, staying out of sight. Del, you and Michael look soooo hot together. Please let him eat you. I know what it feels like to have that long thick tongue inside me. I want to see what it looks like while it's licking around a clit." Sara moaned as she pushed two fingers into her pussy. Del could not believe what she saw, but did not stop Michael from spreading her legs again. She watched Sara remove her hand and licked her fingers, just as Michael started licking her smooth pussy lips.

"MMMMMMM Del, doesn't that feel gooood?" Sara got up from her chair in the corner, sat down on the bed. She reached for Michael stiff cock and slowly pumped her hand up and down. Michael moaned around Del's clit, causing her body to shake all over. "Ohhhhhhh FUCK Michael." Del tighten her thighs around Michael's head, raising her ass off the bed. Michael sucked on her clit as he grabbed her ass. Squeezing her ass cheeks, spreading them apart, while his tongue slid slowly up and down her inner lips. Sara, her left hand squeezing Michael's cock up and down, 3 fingers from her right buried deep in her pussy, watched Del squirm under Michael hot tongue. She knew the pleasure Del was receiving. "Put that hot long tongue inside her, Michael Pleaseee." Sara released Michael, causing him to moan into Del's hot wet pussy. He started stabbing his tongue in and out. "OHHHH I'M CUMMMINGGGGGGGG. MMM mmmmmm YESSSSS." Sara got on her knees, and leaned into Del. As Michael licked the sweet tasting cum from Del, Sara sucked on Del's hard throbbing clit.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" 

Del couldn't wait until she was the meal of the day again!