 *Readers: This was originally a three part story, but it felt like it belonged in the Summer Lovin Contest so I merged it. Don't forget to vote, but most of all ENJOY! ~GM

***

It had been a long time since I hung out with this certain married couple, but they invited me to Mexico for the weekend and since I had nothing better to do, I agreed. When we used to go previously, I would just stay in their trailer with them; there was always plenty of room. This day I was supposed to meet them at their place and we would all ride down together in the truck. The truck was huge which made it easy for me to stretch out in the back.

Once we had everything packed into the bed of the truck and tarped, we headed off on our journey. My friends are very aware of my sexual nature and know I had been writing stories. They also agree with everyone who says I have a "radio voice" so about halfway to the border they asked if I could read to them. From the back seat, I accessed my files on my phone and gave it a whirl. Neither of them had ever read my stories so I wasn't sure what kind of reactions to expect.

I could hear tiny giggles from the front and every once in a while I got a question from one of them that threw us all into fits of laughter. I think it was a bit of nervous energy setting us off. We were all thinking about how, in a few hours, we would be getting the chance to try out these things. Sex was on all our minds. I was wet and there was no denying it. I asked if I should continue with the stories and they excitedly cheered me on.

I continued reading, doing my best to keep a calm tempered voice even when simulating written orgasms. Comments of "That sounds interesting" and "I never thought of doing it that way" and even "Ooh, that sounds good" were frequent. Once, while checking the rear view mirror, I saw my Husband friend wink at me. I tried not to smile too big.

The two of us ladies were dressed in light sun dresses for the hot summer day. Expecting sex,I knew neither of us were wearing panties. We had all discussed our fantasies before and one of Husband's fantasies was to have two redheads in his bed. His wife had long thick red hair and though I consider mine auburn, my freckles and complexion always get me compliments about being a redhead.

I watched as Wife undid her seat belt and slid closer to the driver side. She put her left hand on his thigh, and then slid it up over his shorts. Glancing sideways at me, she gave me a little smile and licked her lips as her hand slipped under the leg of his shorts. A groan slipped uncontrolled past his lips.

"Hey, what are you two doing up there?" I said with a grin.

"It's hard when I'm being distracted," he said.

"Yeah, it's hard alright," Wife reported.

I was now looking over the front seat and saw where Wife's hand was. I was just wondering when I would get something nice and hard to play with when Wife said, "Don't worry, you'll get some."

I could see how big and hard he was through his shorts and all I could think about was how much I wanted it. When Wife took her hand from his pants, I could see it glistening with precum. She saw that I noticed and licked it from her fingers to tease me. My heart was racing I wanted it so bad!

I must have been flushed because Husband looked in the mirror and said, "Feel free to...entertain yourself back there."

I giggled and knew I was blushing after that. I wasn't sure I could masturbate with the two of them trying to watch me. "I think I can wait," I said, "Can you handle it if I read some more?"

The giggles from the front were a clear YES in my mind. I found a couple more stories and using my best "radio voice" laid them on thick.

By the time we got to the trailer we were all horny and flustered. We got out of the truck to stretch our legs before unloading...literally. We grabbed some of our stuff from the bed of the truck and went into the trailer. It took a second to adjust our eyes to the darkness but once Husband found the lights, "Ooops," he said.

I looked over to see a giant dildo on the table and broke out into hysterical laughing. He turned three shades of red before Wife went over and threw it in the drawer. "You should leave it out for ambiance," I said. Again hysterical laughing from all three of us.

We decided to let the tension build a bit more and head out to the beach and cantinas after we changed into bathing suits. I took my two piece out of my bag and looked at the other two who were rummaging through their things. Being a master at changing in front of people, I decided to just change there while they were busy. They didn't mind that I was there obviously because wife stripped down to put her bathing suit on and so did Husband. I couldn't help but sneak a peek at Husband. Sure enough he had a beautiful erection. It was literally pointing at the sky and glistening in precum.

I wasn't too surprised when Wife sank to her knees and kissed the head of Husband's cock. I wasn't sure if I should be watching but they weren't paying attention to me. I watched as wife licked his shaft, around the crown of the head of his cock, then opened her lips to take him deep in her mouth and throat. I knew he was probably on the brink of cumming as soon as he felt her hot, moist, tongue touch his throbbing cock and I was actually happy she was taking care of him. It just meant he would last longer later. Wife looked up to him and I could see the grin on her face, he was close. I imagined him throbbing against my tongue instead of hers. He looked over at me right at that moment as he squirted into Wife's mouth. She swallowed eagerly as he pumped more into her. Once he finished he took his cock from her and sat on the bed as she licked him clean. When she finished, she looked up to him and said, "Thank you." He kissed her and they continued dressing for the beach.

I was dripping with cum myself at this point but focused on my breathing and tried to distract myself with the things around me. After a few drinks at random cantinas and shopping in a couple little stores, we were ready for some beach time. As we headed down the path to one of the quieter beaches, Wife leaned into Husband and whispered in his ear. I cocked my head to listen in to no avail. I watched as a smile crept onto his lips. She then turned from him and said, "There are a few things I still need to do in town, you guys go to the beach and I will see you back at the trailer." Hmmm.... OK.

When we got to the water and organized out little spot we looked at each other for a minute. Husband said, "Have you ever gone skinny dipping?"

I giggled, "Is that a challenge?"

It wasn't hard to take off the little we had on but as the sun began to set there was a nip in the air...or two. My nipples were hard and very happy to let Husband know they were there. I saw him looking and just laughed. 

"I dare you!" I said. 

With that he let out a low sexy laugh, grabbed me faster than I expected and before I knew it one of my nipples was in his warm mouth while the other was being rubbed with his hand. When I remembered to breathe, I took in a big breath and he stopped.

"Breathe," he said with a grin. I pulled away from him and ran to the water with him close behind.

He came to me quickly kissing my lips with his cock pressed between my legs for me to straddle. I shuddered with excitement wanting him inside of me. He pulled me up with his strong arms and I wrapped my legs around him. I almost came as soon as I felt the tip of his beautiful erection touch my slit. He entered me so easily with the water lubricating every inch or each of us. He continued lowering me slowly onto him and I felt every inch until he was full inside of me. 

His tongue searched for mine and he sucked it, sucked my lips with gentle nibbles, and bit into my neck as I kept my legs wrapped around him riding his cock. He put his hand around the back of my neck and I let my control go completely to him. He was in control. "Oh god, oh my god."

He felt so good as my tits bounced against his chest with the rhythm. "It's perfect, it's fucking perfect. I love you deep inside me. Fuck me, please, fuck me hard. Oh please fuck me."

His perfect pulsing cock inside my creamy hole began to piston up and down at a greater speed. The water made everything feel so much more alive. Nothing was in our way and our bodies were completely lubricated by the warm ocean water.

"Oh my god, oh oh oh oh, god, oh yeah," I was unable to be quiet even if I tried and was completely ready to squirt for him and let my juices be consumed by the water around us.

With that, my muscles tensed, and I was lost in my orgasm. I tried controlling it but there was no way. I was too over the top and every fiber of my being was his. I was his rag doll and he held me onto him in that water as I rode out my orgasm.

He was amazing as he coordinated both of our bodies slamming deeper inside of me, embedding his throbbing member as deep as he could into my waves of orgasm. I could feel him push further than before and felt his body quiver with mine emptying himself of his hot sticky cum and filling me completely. 

As we continued there as one body, allowing our tremors from the climax pass, he kissed me so softly over and over again. I could have fallen asleep in his arms I was so content. Once we settled, we separated ourselves from each other. He said, "We should head to the trailer, Wife is waiting for us."

I wasn't sure what to expect at the trailer, but the three of us together was going to be fun...though I couldn't imagine it being better than what I had just had....

***

When Husband and I got there, it was dark. He opened the door and all I could hear was a slight buzzing sound. 

"Finally", said wife, "I thought I was going to have to take care of myself." 

The buzzing stopped. "Is she blindfolded?" Wife asked. 

"Uh no not yet," Husband replied. 

"Well do it," barked Wife. 

Uh oh. She is the dominant one. I have never been with a dominant female. Most of my 3 ways have been just random and for fun. I never really even got off on them because I like more attention than a 3 way can offer.

He didn't say a word. He pulled me to him, tied a scarf around my eyes, and my world was dark. My heart leaped to my throat. I had no idea what to expect. 

"Bring her here," said Wife. 

He led me to the area where the bed was. I could feel it against my thigh. Slowly he started undressing me, but not touching me. I tried to help but I was reprimanded, "NO! You do not touch, you do not speak unless I tell you to. Is that clear?" 

I shook my head. 

"What?" she demanded. 

"Yes, I understand" I said. 

"Good girl. And from now on you will address me as Ma'am. Is that also clear?" Wife asked. 

"Yes, Ma'am," I said timidly.

"This night is about you. In taking care of you, we take care of ourselves. So relax and trust," she said. 

I was about in freak out mode. I knew this couple so well...well at least I had thought I did. My thoughts were interrupted when Husband laid me on the bed and before I knew it my legs were spread and someone was licking my pussy lips, first up one side, then the other before I felt a tongue on my swollen, already throbbing clit. The pressure on my clit became harder until I was writhing on the bed trying to enjoy it but trying not to cum.

I was at the point between wanting more and wanting to stop because I couldn't handle the sensation. At that moment, I felt Husband's hands on my wrists, pinning them above my head as wife continued her assault on my pussy and clit. Just the thought of her between my legs made me more wet than I already was.

Husband pinned my wrists over my head and I could feel his cock press against my mouth. 

"Open" he said. 

I opened and he plunged deep into my mouth and throat. I nearly gagged, I had no time to prepare or even to know how far in he was going to go. I could feel my eyes watering beneath the blindfold as he continued fucking my mouth. I was stuck between torture and pleasure as wife continued sucking and nibbling on my clit and pussy.

A new sensation touched me. I felt a colder, wet something push gently against my pussy. I could feel it rub up and down, poke into my slit just a little, then continue rubbing. I was already wet from Wife bringing me so close to orgasm with her talented mouth, so the object, I am guessing it was the dildo I saw when we arrived earlier today, slid into me with no friction. 

I could feel Wife push it into my tight little opening and then something happened. Wife with her dildo and Husband with his cock coordinated efforts. She slowly pushed the entire length of the dildo inside of me, my pussy tightening around it as I moaned around husbands throbbing cock head. As she pulled the dildo slowly back out from my pussy, husband pushed his cock into my throat. If I wasn't filled with one, I was filled with the other. There was constant stimulation and I was having trouble composing myself. Then it stopped.

I took a breath and wondered what was next until Husband rolled me over and pulled me into doggy style. I had no idea what to expect, I just kept quiet and touched nothing just as I was told.

Before I knew it, Husband was behind me pushing my face into the bed with a hand around the back of my neck. I could breathe, but barely. I could feel the head of his cock resting against my ass. Was he going to...oh fuck yes he was. He slowly started pushing his cock into my ass as I moaned feeling him stretch me around him. Once he was in, he began slowly pulling out then back in again. I was shaking. I wanted him to fuck me hard! I wanted to cum!

He slid deep inside my ass again and I could feel his balls touching me. Then I felt something else. Wife pushed the dildo just inside of my pussy and husband and I moaned simultaneously. She pushed it all the way into my tight little snatch and I took deep breaths trying to focus on exactly how full I felt at that moment with Husband's cock so deep and throbbing in my ass and Wife's dildo deep in my...oh fuck! 

She turned on the vibrator and every inch of my body responded and began to quiver. Just then husband began jack hammering my ass. Fast and hard he fucked my tight little asshole as Wife slowly assaulted my pussy with her vibrating tool. I was over the edge. I HAD to cum!!

"I'm going to cum deep inside your little teasing ass," said Husband, "I am going to fill you full of my seed right....." 

I could feel his cock grow just that little bit more, "Cum for me NOW," he said. 

I felt his hot, sticky load shoot from his cock into my ass and Wife kept fucking me rhythmically with he vibrating dildo. 

"Oh fuck! Ohh my God yesss!!!..." I said as I squirted and cum along with his final orgasmic thrusts. She continued fucking me as my body spasmed and Husband kept his cock deep inside of me, riding out my waves of pleasure.

Finally, he pulled his length from my ass and I could feel him roll onto the bed beside me. Wife pulled the dildo from my pussy and I felt my own warm juices drip down my thighs as Husband's seed leaked slowly out of my ass. 

I was just ready to collapse onto my tummy and just breathe when I felt her tongue lapping the juices from my pussy and ass. She got a good dose of both her Husband and myself. Her tongue was almost calming on my throbbing holes. Slowly, I laid down as she continued licking me, like a lion licks her cub. 

Then I began to doze off....calm, happy, and completely spent. At least that's what I thought.....

***

I woke and it seemed to be a few hours later. I was a bit dazed, chilly, and could hear whispering. I sat up slightly and could see the trailer door open. 

"Time to get dressed, Princess. We have things to do." 

I wasn't awake enough to respond vocally so I rolled out of bed and started to dress. I had no idea what time it was. Midnight maybe? I put on a cute jean skirt and tank top and headed outside.

The plan was to meet up with a bunch of friends and go dancing but I felt there was something else. Someone had a secret. Guess tonight might still be interesting!

All of the bars in the area are typically patio bars with indoor/outdoor seating. We went to one right on the beach. Perfect, I needed to breathe some ocean air. I was still in a sleepy sex coma from all the action. 

Fortunately, my friends know how to wake me up. Before I knew it, there was a tequila shot in my hand. I have no clue why tequila wakes me up, but it does!

We took over the dance area outside near the sand. The breeze brought the waves crashing in and after a few shots, I was feeling extremely happy and flirty. I have a hard time putting a leash on my flirtiness but my friends keep an eye out for me. They always joke about how they don't want me to get kidnapped and sold as a sex slave. Something about me always attracts people especially when I am on a high like I am tonight. It can be overwhelming, but I am feeling good. 

Everyone is dancing, drinking, and loving on each other. By this point, I had lost track of how many drinks I had and was just enjoying myself. I don't get drunk, but I certainly had one heck of a buzz from the tequila, the ocean air, and the energy from everyone around me.

I felt a hand on my arm and when I looked, it was Wife. She leaned in, kissed me, and champagne bubbles exploded in my mouth. I giggled and from behind me, Husband bit into my neck where it meets my shoulder. Oh no. He hit a trigger. My heart instantly started racing. Wife and I started dancing and before I knew it, I had a champagne flute in my hand. 

Wife leaned in and said, "Happy Birthday Princess. It's all about you."

From behind, husband grabbed me by the waist. When I leaned my head back, he planted a deep slow kiss on me. I stood there, tasting him, enjoying it when I suddenly felt Wife in front of me. She lifted my tank top and gently began fondling my breasts. My mind went into hyper drive. We're in the middle of a dance floor!!! We can't play here!! 

I felt Husband's hand go up to my throat and I let go. I forgot the world. Wife's tongue was circling my nipples, flicking them and once in a while she would grab them between her teeth and pull. I could barely breathe as my desire was building. My eyes were closed, but I could see the lights from the dance floor penetrating my eyelids. Husband continued dancing his tongue with mine as Wife kissed my breasts, my tummy, my sides.

Nothing mattered but the sensations I was feeling. Being made love to outside in the cool breeze with the energy of 200 people around me was amazing. I love the foreplay, the sensuous touching, the feeling of being loved. Having someone concentrate on every inch of my body was breathtaking to say the least. It's in my nature to feel wanted and this weekend was everything I needed.

Suddenly, I felt Husband's hand leave my waist and move down to my pussy. He cupped me in his hand and squeezed. I was wet, hot, and already quivering. I wasn't wearing panties so it was easy for him to press a finger between my lips. He spread my legs more with his hand. The heat of his body felt good in contrast to the chilly air. But it also was teasing the hell out of me and my clit began throbbing for attention. 

He pushed his fingers inside of my wetness in slow and fast thrusts as Wife took over kissing me. Nothing mattered but us. I could hear the music around us, but it felt farther away than it really was. I was letting go completely on a dance floor surrounded by friends and strangers and my heart was pounding.

Waves of excitement passed through my body as I bit my lip and moaned in ecstasy. In my head it sounded loud, but I know the music and the crowd drown out any sounds I may be making. Again, I felt bubbles tickling my mouth and throat. Wife was kissing me with just a sip of champagne in her mouth. She tasted so sweet. It must have been moscato. 
