 We just finished spending the day in the snow covered mountains, in a resort where we spent more time in the spa and the bed than we did enjoying the outdoors. Now we need to travel towards home as we're both expected back early in the morning. The setting sun is such a vibrant shade of orange that the entire mountainous scenery sparkles as if it is covered in golden glitter. We smile at the beauty, get into the car, and head down the perilous trail. 

Hours pass by as we take our time, listening to love songs on the CD player, reminiscing about childhood days, expressing dreams of what we still want to accomplish in life, and snuggling and kissing when the opportunity arises. Soon the moon is high above us, and we agree to look for a place to stay for the night. The temperature has fallen and we expect the melted snow will become a sheet of ice before long. 

In the distance we spot a beautiful chalet, the lights are on and it looks inviting. As we agree to pull over to see if it's a possibility for the night, we notice a small sign almost hidden by the job of a snow plow. It reads "Venus Chalet: A Quaint, Romantic Bed and Breakfast" What luck! We pull in and park, grab our bags and approach the front door. 

Before we even reach the veranda, a beautiful woman stands at the entranceway holding the door open for us. She is dressed in her evening clothes, a white silky nightgown that is tight around her tiny waist, and her breasts are bulging from the top. She has long, wavy brunette hair, deeply tanned skin and a face of perfection. She smiles at you and asks you if you're interested in spending the night with her. You look at me with a coy look, and turn to her saying "yes, I would like a room please." She takes you by your hand very gently and suggests you "cum" with her. You appear mesmerized by her beauty and do as you are told. I stand there almost as mesmerized myself when she turns to me and says "I want you to 'cum' too." I follow. 

We enter a beautiful room with lavender walls and irises stenciled all around the border. The bed is an inviting king size with lots of white pillows tossed across the deep purple comforter. The dressers are antiques with picture frames boasting many different faces...perhaps guests from the past? She takes your bag from your hand and places it on the chair in the corner of the room, she returns to you and removes your coat. You are still motionless, I can read your mind. I know you are thinking my thoughts...is she really here, and will she... 

After she hangs your coat in the closet she removes mine from me. The silence between us is mystifying, and accepted. No one feels the need to speak. She returns to me after hanging my coat and begins to unsnap my jeans, she lowers her whole body as she pulls them down to my ankle. My heart is starting to beat harder, I have never been touched by a woman before. As her face lowers to my waist, I start to feel very warm inside, and I begin to sense that she has an enticing power over us already.

This woman slowly and erotically undresses us both and walks us to the awaiting bed where she pulls the covers back and ushers us into it. We climb in without a word. You look at me and smile, I notice your penis is very large, I smile back. As the two of us are laying on our backs, side by side, she climbs in and kneels facing us. She begins to fondle her own breast, and I feel a need to touch them. I look at her with envy as my own breasts are so small, and hers are so full...I need to feel them with my hands, and with my mouth. She reads my mind and leans forward, and you and I in unison each grab a breast and begin to squeeze and suck on them. She moans with pleasure. Her hands are now rubbing both of our bodies, squeezing your cock with one hand while teasing my pussy with the other, and I am feeling myself preparing for an adventure. 

You feel a throbbing in your cock and want more than this. You pull yourself up and take me by my arm...I follow your lead and sit up with you. You sit on the edge of the bed and motion for me to join you on your lap. She gets out of the bed and playfully sheds her nightgown. Her body is that of a goddess, and we both look at her on awe.

I stand in front of you as you sit on the side of the bed. As I start to lower myself onto your rigid cock in a sitting position, with my back to your face, I feel your hands grab both of my tits. I want to ride your cock fiercely and I know that's what you're hoping for. She crawls on her knees between my legs, and puts her face where our groins meet. She sticks out her tongue and begins tickling your balls. I lower myself completely, taking in your entire cock and squeezing it, and you let out gasps of sheer elation. She waits for me to rise and seizes the opportunity to lick your exposed cock as you lean your head over my shoulder to watch. Her tongue is proficient, her moves are specialized; she's done this before. As I lower myself again she moves to my clit. The flickering of her tongue on my most sensitive part sends electric pulses through my entire groin...the thought of a woman eating my pussy has my cum running full force. As I lift myself again, she returns to your cock and moans as if it's the best cock she's ever tasted.

You fondle my tits while she continues to alternate her tongue between your cock, your balls, and my pussy, and I slowly ride you and squeeze you while breathing deeply and watching her on her knees between our legs, sending us both into a world we've never before explored. You moan at the feeling of my cunt muscles intermittently squeezing your cock as I lift myself off of you, while another woman's tongue tickles your shaft from the balls up, following the rising of my pussy. We continue this motion, up and down, squeeze and lick, again and again. Each time I lower myself onto your lap, she moves quickly to my clit, adoring it and treating it so special, then again she returns to your cock as if this is an established habit.

She caresses our thighs with her hands without ever taking her face from your cock or my pussy. Our excitement becomes more and more intense until we can hold back no more...I begin to ride faster and she places both of her hands on my hips to steady me, as she does not want to lose contact between her tongue and my clit. She kisses my pussy lips and begins to suck on them while squeezing your balls with her hand. We fuck forcefully now and as I'm raising and lowering my body on and off your large cock, she is holding me tightly by the hips and eating us in a much more ravenous manner. She is hungry for the essence that is resulting from our sensuous union, and we want her to have it all. 

Soon we let out the shrills that signal our arrival...our cum is much more than I can hold and it runs down my thighs, dripping to the floor. She sees a stream running down my leg and erotically licks it off, then licks her lips with contentment. You and I fall backwards onto the bed with our eyes closed. Your cock falls out of me and lays limp. She spreads our legs as we lay there and begins to lick your cock clean. She makes sounds of satisfaction as she laps up the last of the sensual soup we've created. We are completely wiped out. We cannot even speak, much less move. 

Minutes later we open our eyes and she is gone. We roll over to cuddle and pull the blankets over us...we drift off with your arms wrapped around me. 

Hours later we awake and find it is morning. We shower and dress and head to the lobby to pay our bill. We both want to thank the woman for a most enjoyable evening, but never got her name. We describe her to the man at the front desk, and he insists no one of that description works there, or has even been a guest. He looks at us as if we're a little crazy. We thank him and leave. We wonder, was she for real, or were our imaginations really that powerful?