 Author's Note: This is a collaborative effort between my two best friends and me. This story hasn't happened yet...

It was a Saturday night, and the guys had begged me to go out with them. We had been out every Saturday night in the past two months and it was the same old thing over and over: I'd meet a girl; she'd tease me all night long into thinking that I'd be going to go back to her place; then would get a fucking bug up her ass, and leave me standing there with a hard-on. The guys, however, somehow, convinced me to go (thank God!).

When we got to the club, we got a decent table near the bar. After an hour, and two Corona's later, I told the guys I was heading out. No sooner did I get the words out of my mouth than these three girls walked in. Hmmm. I've never seen them here before; maybe I'll stay for another beer and see what happens.

They walked up to the bar and ordered three shots of tequila and three Coronas. Interesting. One of them glanced back at me noticed that I was checking them out. Shit! I have been caught. Then she whispered something to the other two and they all turned around, looked at me, and giggled.

The music began to play, they walked over to where we are sitting, and asked if I would mind if they set their beers on my table while they danced. The look the three of them gave me just about made me hard. When they started dancing, they looked great out there on the dance floor (and I wasn't the only one admiring them, I noticed). After the song, they picked up their beers, gave me a smile, and headed back to the bar.

I watched them on and off throughout the evening. After every Corona, they became closer to each other, on the dance floor as well as off. I felt like they were doing this all for me. A couple of different women came up to me and asked me to dance, but I refused. I couldn't seem to take my eyes off those three hot babes. They would dance so close, touching, and even almost kissing. I could see they were clearly getting themselves aroused, and were definitely having an effect on me!

It was about 11 o'clock when one of them came over and asked me to dance. How could I refuse? Soon after, the other two joined us. "Hi, I'm Ben," I shouted over the music. As Kelly, Sabrina, and Jill each introduced themselves, they looked directly into my eyes in a way that just sucks you in … like only a woman knows how to do. Another song started and we continued dancing. I have always considered myself a good dancer, but keeping up with these three divas was hard. Hell, I was hard!

As we danced, I continued to study the three of them. They were all tan and complete knock-outs! Sabrina was wearing blue jeans and a turquoise shirt that showed off her golden tan. She had long, light brown hair, and a beautiful smile. I couldn't help but notice that her jeans perfectly accentuated her incredible ass. Kelly had on black jeans that hugged every curve, mesmerizing, green eyes, and chestnut colored hair. Her low-cut, green shirt revealed deep and inviting cleavage …the kind you just want to bury your face in. Jill had blonde hair, gorgeous, hazel eyes, and amazingly long, beautiful legs that went all the way up to her sexy ass. She was wearing a black, cropped tank top that not only exposed her flat stomach, but her nicely toned arms as well. She definitely had the body of someone who worked out regularly.

Slowly, I started to get the hint that I may possibly be going home with one of them, even better, all three of them! At around midnight, as they headed for the door, they walked by me and Sabrina winked and said, "Come on!" Thank God I went out tonight!

We arrived at Sabrina's place. While Jill poured some wine for all of us, Kelly and Sabrina headed into the bedroom. After Jill handed me my glass of wine, she headed into the bedroom too. Should I join them? A few minutes later, the three of them walked out laughing and wearing their swimsuits. They grabbed their glasses and led me out onto a deck where a hot tub was brewing. Now this is going to be good.

We set our wine down and the three of them slowly undressed me, while touching each other and kissing. This is so fucking hot! We eased into the hot tub and the three of them were all over each other, removing each other's suits and clearly putting a show on for me. I was rock hard in no time. 

Jill eased her way over and straddled me. Behind her, I saw Sabrina and Kelly get out of the hot tub. Sabrina's ass was so tight and Kelly's tits were outstanding, not to mention their perfectly shaved pussies. I watched them make their way to the bedroom together. God only knows what is going to go on in there! Jill started kissing my neck, scratching her nails down my bare chest while rubbing herself up against my hardness. She then reached for her glass of wine, gave me a sip, and kissed me hard on the mouth. "You taste good," she whispered. Then, she slowly poured the wine down my chest and began to lick it off. The coolness of the wine, with the warmth of the hot tub and her tongue, drove me crazy. I loved her lips. She tasted so good. I wondered if her pussy tasted this great and decided to find out. I lifted her up onto the side of the hot tub, stood over her, stared at her beautifully groomed mound, and couldn't help but stroke my throbbing cock. In response, she reached down and touched herself, and let out a soft sigh. I could see how wet she was, and knew it wasn't all because of the hot tub. I had to taste her. As soon as my tongue touched her clit, she began to moan and slowly pressed her pussy into my face. As her response to my tongue became more frantic, I let my tongue do all the work, alternating between burying it into her cunt and flicking her clit with it until she let out a scream and shuddered violently. I couldn't believe her cries of pleasure. 

She was begging me to fuck her tight pussy when I noticed Kelly and Sabrina standing in front of me. Kelly, holding a large, double-ended dildo, grabbed Jill's hand and led her towards the lounge chair nearby. 

Sabrina, grabbed my hand and started to lead me to the bedroom (I nearly tripped over my own feet as I looked back over my shoulder and saw Kelly slide the vibrator into Jill's soaking cunt.) In the bedroom, Sabrina slowly, dried my entire body off with a towel. The way she touched and rubbed every inch of my skin with the towel was so fucking erotic. I could still taste Jill and, combined with the sensations Sabrina was giving me with the warm towel, and the image I carried in my head of Kelly and Jill, practically made me cum right then and there. These girls are incredible! 

Sabrina put down the towel and gently stroked and kissed my cock as if to tease me even more. Suddenly though, she got up, walked over to the closet, and pulled out a set of handcuffs. Oh, yeah! This chick is wild! I think I surprised her though, when I grabbed the handcuffs from her, threw her onto the bed, and started kissing her full, gorgeous lips. She responded in turn, with forceful kisses of her own, plunging the tip of her tongue in and out of my mouth hungrily. I straddled her and forced her hands up behind her head, handcuffing them to the bedpost. I spread her legs apart and tied each of her feet to the bottom bedpost with the tie from her robe. Her nipples were erect with excitement. She told me to get a candle and light it, I grinned and did what I was told. Then she told me to tip the candle and let the wax fall on her naked body - breasts, stomach, legs, and feet. When I started to tip the candle over her breasts, she arched her back in anticipation of the hot wax hitting her body. As she moved her body, I got a perfect view of her pussy - smooth, wet, and swollen with desire …"Touch me!" she commanded. Again, I couldn't help but obey, and slid my hand between her legs. With one finger deep inside her, I played with her enlarged clit … gently at first and then harder and harder until she was writhing and screaming and cumming - loudly. "I want you in my mouth!" she moaned in a deep, sexy voice. Again, I obeyed, and straddled her; my cock was as hard as steel as I slipped it between those gorgeous lips and began to slowly move it in and out. I could feel her tongue flicking the tip of my penis, as she sucked me deeply. I pulled it out and put my balls into her mouth and she sucked them vigorously. 

I knew I was going to explode any second! I slid my cock back into her mouth, moving fast and faster shot my load deep into her throat. She accepted all of me and closed her eyes and she swallowed with a smile. Just then, I heard Kelly and Jill laughing in the other room…Kelly called my name, "Ben!"

I staggered to my feet, and hoped I could manage one more. Watching Sabrina lick her lips and seeing Jill bending over her as she undid Sabrina's restraints was enough to make me think I'd make it. Kelly was waiting for me in the living room. She was wrapped in a big white towel and standing with her back to the fire in the fireplace. Her long, dark hair was still wet at the ends and the smile on her face and the mischievous look in her eyes told me I was in for some fun.

She motioned me towards the couch and I sat down gratefully. She came over and knelt in front of me, reached out with her cool hands and cupped them under my balls while she leaned forward and took my still limp member into her mouth. Thank God it's not limp for long! I watched her dark red lips as my meat slid in and out over her tongue. She watched me watch her. Man, those eyes! She somehow managed to look sweet and innocent and sexy as hell, all at once.

Kelly was still wearing the towel when she rose to her feet and straddled my lap. I slipped it off and gasped as I slid into her warmth. Her fingernails were grazing my scalp as she ran her fingers through my hair, making me shiver. She rode me slowly and sensuously. She almost seemed lost in her own sensations and movements. Gradually though, I saw the flush creeping up her neck and she increased the tempo as she became more aroused. All of a sudden, she was standing in front of me again, and I looked at her puzzled, but caught on when I saw her drop to the floor and wait on her hands and knees for me. I looked at her broad ass and hesitated a second then slid my pole in her cunt. She let out a low moan and a sigh. 

Now it was my turn to pick the speed and I savored the feeling of her tight warm pussy as I slid deeper and deeper into her. As I fucked her, she was pushing back on me, and I was grateful I'd just cum so I could give her the attention she seemed to crave. She came all of a sudden though, quieter than the other girls, but deep and hard. I could feel her pussy throbbing and her muscles grabbing and releasing, almost milking my cock. I was tempted to let loose, then, but no, I want to watch her face when I came. I pulled out and she turned around. Her cheeks were red, her hair was a mess, and she looked very content, but expectant. I handed her a pillow off the couch and she laid back on the floor as I lifted up her knees and knelt in-between her legs. Damn, she's wet! 

Just then, Jill and Sabrina walked into the room and asked to join in. These girls can't get enough. As I slid easily into Kelly I watched Jill and Sabrina take turns sitting on Kelly's face and sucking her huge nipples. I picked up the pace again and Kelly closed her eyes and rode the waves of another orgasm. Jill and Sabrina started spending their time focusing on Kelly's tits. This time, I couldn't hold back any longer, and pulled out just before I came all over those magnificent breasts and sat there, catching my breath as I stared at Jill and Sabrina lick every drop of my cum off of Kelly's body.

It was nearly three in the morning. Exhausted, and satisfied for the moment, the girls grabbed pillows and blankets, and we all fell asleep tangled in each other's arms on the floor of the room. I awoke to the noise of the hot tub running. When I opened my eyes, I looked at the clock and saw that it is only 6 am. As my gaze moved around the room, I saw all three girls standing in the bedroom door; Jill in her swimsuit, Kelly with a dildo, and Sabrina with her handcuffs. For a moment, I wondered if I was dreaming, but as they called my name again, I knew this was going to be an incredible day!