 Chapter 3- I've Just Begun (Having My Fun)

"I need my space" meant that Neil didn't want to speak to me or see me for about three months. I had to find a new roommate and wasn't sure who would be able to stand living with me in a studio, but the rent was way too high for my small fellowship.

Finally, I had some luck and it came in the form of a tall, nineteen-year-old, UCLA undergrad named Johanna. She'd just broken up with her long-term boyfriend (she'd never had sex with anyone other than him, that's how long term it had been) and was looking for a place, it didn't matter how cramped, she just needed out, immediately. 

It was never clear why they broke up, but I imagine Johanna was bored with him. He still called her regularly and sent her gifts on her birthday and stuff, but Johanna was not thinking about him, especially after she met me. Johanna was probably the hottest girl I'd ever been friends with and when I saw her ex-boyfriend, Kevin, I understood why he called all the time. 

He was older than her, and not nearly as good looking. They'd started dating when he was seventeen and she was fourteen, when they were both in High School, obviously then it was the coolest thing in the world to have a boyfriend with a car who was older. 

But they kept dating even after he went away to college, and even though he's ugly, I can't believe he didn't cheat on her then, but she swore he didn't. Anyway, she joined him at college and about a year into living together she said she'd had enough, or however it happened, and she moved in with me.

Johanna really wanted to have fun and her few friends at the university were all goody-goodies in long term relationships, basically she'd made all her friends as a couple and now that she was single, it was weird to hang out with them- plus, they acted like they were already forty and never went anywhere. 

I didn't have that many friends yet either so we went out together. The first time we went out, Johanna wore jeans, a tight t-shirt and sneakers. I was wearing a short black skirt, tall black boots, and a low cut red blouse. After she saw how it went down in LA, she never dressed like that again.

Of course, there were men. Johanna was part American Indian so she had long black hair and dark eyes and her skin was tan-brown, she looked kind of how people nowadays imagine Pocahontas, but with great T and A. 

She was astonished about the men. She'd been in her cloistered little world in Oklahoma and there the red-neck hicks didn't get into her exotic look but in LA the guys acted like they'd just gotten out of an institution.

She was pretty overwhelmed at first and would spend time talking to each loser that approached her. Finally, after a few nights of this, she caught on that there was attention and then there was the right kind of attention. 

We wanted just-diversified-my-multi-million-dollar-portfolio attention.

The only thing left to work through, was the sex stuff. I told Johanna to loosen up about it, because she was all uptight, having slept with no one but her boyfriend. She still thought sex was for lovers. 

Thankfully, under my tutelage she was able to do a complete 180 in a few months. It started with Bill, the owner of a few of the clubs that we frequented. He wasn't hot, he was a little old and had a bald spot, but he was sweet to her and she liked getting into clubs for free and being able to go in the VIP and tell the DJ what songs she wanted to hear, so we hung out with him. 

Then he took her up to his office in one of the clubs and when she came back down an hour and a half later she sort of bashfully told me they'd fucked.

"Was he any good?" was my reply. She was surprised by my blasé reaction. "He gets lots of pussy, I bet he was great."

"Yeah, he was better than Kevin," Johanna said. I delved deeper. Kevin had never given her an orgasm. 

I couldn't believe she'd been with the douche that long, (like five years) and never had an orgasm. Thankfully, orgasm-less sex was put to an end that night with Bill, the club owner. He turned out to be a good starter in other ways too, he treated Johanna really nice and took her out to fancy places for dinner before he fucked her. 

She got a taste of something she liked with him: sex and money. It was three weeks of fucking him, then she caught him with another girl and so as revenge, she went and fucked one of his good friends. She was a new woman.

We were nearing the end of our third month of living together when Neil called. Johanna and I were surfing the internet for kinky porn and we'd already found some sick transvestite stuff when my cell phone rang. I saw it was Neil and started grinning like a fool.

"Hey, stranger," I said when I answered the phone.

"Hey, Nee," he replied. "Sorry for the long silence, I needed some time."

"No problem," I replied. Johanna began laughing at some bestiality stuff and I moved away. "How are you? What's been going on?"

"I got hired at the record label, I'm a talent scout now," he said.

"And getting paid? Do you have benes?"

"Yeah, health, dental, and a retirement plan," he said.

"How much do you make?"

"In the forties," he replied.

"Shit, Neil, you're rich," I said and this made Johanna look up. "My stipend is only like, eighteen thousand."

"Yeah, you'd be surprised how quickly you can burn through forty-five in LA," he replied. Johanna was mouthing, "who's that?" to me. I turned my back to her.

"Man, congratulations," I said. I caught him up on my studies and then turned around again and looked at Johanna as I said. "And I have a new roommate. She's a total goddess."

"What's her name?" Neil asked.

"Johanna, she's part American Indian- so she's got great hair and the most perfect little ass."

"What, have you fucked her?" Neil asked with a laugh.

"No, but I want to," I replied. "She's not into girls though."

"You can turn her, Nee, you're sexy as hell," Neil replied. I laughed and Johanna was now really curious who I was talking to and smiling about how I'd described her.

"Yeah, well, how's your roommate?" I turned away from her again and talked to Neil for a while longer. It was good to hear from him. I realized that I'd missed him.

"Who was that?" Johanna asked when I sat down again.

"My best bud, Neil," I replied as I put the phone down. She had found some blacks on blondes and had paused it.

"You have to see this guys dick," she said when she saw that I'd turned my attention to her computer. She showed it to me and we both cracked up. 

"It's scary huge!" she said. We looked at the little blonde woman who seemed to be of the same opinion as the guy stroked his enormous cock and then began pressing it against her cunt. His black meat spreading open the white lips of her pussy. It reminded me of when I'd been caught cheating on Neil.

"That's hot," I said. I glanced at Johanna and she was smiling and then I leaned over and kissed her. She was surprised but quickly recovered and kissed me back, her lips were soft and her tongue slipped into my mouth and I felt her hands fondling my large tits.

"See, I'm into girls," she said when she broke the kiss. "Especially girls with breasts like these." I ran my hand through her hair. 

She was really pretty and had a hot little body. I was starting to get the wild, wild lust, even though I'd thought I was only goofing around when I kissed her. 

I looked back over at the porno where the black guy was really steam plowing the little blonde, getting his big dick all up in her pussy and the blonde was grunting, not with pleasure, and the camera came around the get a close up of her hole as it was being brutalized by the big black dong, it was stretched tight around his cock. 

I grabbed Johanna again and kissed her and she went back to stroking my breasts over my clothes and getting my nipples all hard while I slid my hand up her skirt and began to stroke her nice firm ass and then slid my hands around to her pussy, it was nice and wet, just how I like my pussies.

"Mm, you are into girls," I said as she lifted my shirt and pushed my bra up, revealing my generous domes. She kissed the breasts with her soft lips and then leaned over and licked one of my nipples. 

"Oh, yeah, lick my nipples," I whispered. I was pretty sure she'd never actually fucked a girl before so I wanted to give her direction. She took my nipple into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it and sucked on it and squeezed it between her lips and then moved over to the other one and did the same thing leaving them nice and hard and wet. 

I told her to keep doing it, I love it when people play with my breasts. It really gets me going. In the meantime, I pulled down her panties and began fingering her clit with one hand while I stroked the breast that she wasn't sucking on with the other. "Mmm, yeah, Renee," she said when she pulled away to give attention to my other breast. "That feels good."

"Oh yeah," I said as she sucked and licked and squeezed my nipples between her lips. "That does too." I was breathing heavy and my pussy was dripping lust. I wanted her to keep sucking on my tits forever. 

"Take off these clothes," I suggested. She pulled away from me and undressed quickly, revealing her nice, shapely breasts that weren't as big as mine, but still big and her shaven pussy. (I'd told her she should shave it- Kevin hadn't cared about her full bush). 

"Look at this sexy bald pussy," I said and rubbed my hand on it. "That's nice." She unbuttoned my jeans and slid me out of them and I rubbed my own breasts as she pulled down my underwear and slid a finger between my pussy lips. 

"Yeah, get down there and lick it," I said. I spread my legs open for her and she kissed the top of my bald pussy and then got down and started licking in my vagina. I pulled and stroked my nipples as she gave me some great head. 

"Ohhhh," I moaned as she licked. "Ohhh, fuck that's good." She was swirling her tongue around and there was just enough pressure. 

I suddenly wished that there was a big dick there to put in my mouth but there wasn't so I started sucking on my own fingers, which had her dried pussy juice on them and kept playing with my big boobs, flopping them around in my lust. 

"Ohhh yeah, Johanna," I hissed. "Oh, I'm about to cum, keep going, keep going." I started coming then and Johanna kept licking and licked up my pussy juice and even stuck her tongue in my twat before moving away and I pulled her to me and sucked on her face, getting my juices off of her. 

We rubbed our vaginas together lustfully and then I pressed her back on the couch and started sucking on her lovely breasts, brown with dark brown nipples that swelled and tightened nicely as I sucked and licked them.

"Oh yeah, Renee," Johanna said as I fingered her slit. I wished my fingers were as long as Neil's so I could get up in her and hit her spot. 

"You want me to lick this pussy?" I asked. "You want me to suck on it?" She moaned out that she did and I got down between her legs and began to expertly swirl my tongue around in her hot twat and eat her out. She tasted good and clean and I lifted her legs up so I could lick down her ass crack too. God, she was wet and horny. I glanced up at her glassy-eyed face as she pulled and stroked her nipples with an almost automatic quality.

"Ohhh yeah," she exhaled as I kept licking. "Oh, yeah, make me cum, Renee," she moaned and then began violently rubbing her nipples and jerked her head back. I pressed down on her pelvis and licked and licked through her orgasm. She really was a new woman.

*****

Neil called the next day while I was sitting on the bus.

"Guess who I fucked last night!" I said as soon as I answered the phone.

"Who?" Neil asked with a laugh.

"Johanna, my hot roommate," I said. I think Neil was sputtering or something because he didn't immediately reply. "I mean, as much as you can fuck a girl when you don't have a dildo."

"You should have gotten a banana or something," Neil replied.

"Yeah, would you like to see me fuck her with a banana?"

"I wouldn't be angry about it," Neil replied.

"Yeah, we could get some nasty lezzy action going for you."

"You seriously turned your roommate?" he asked.

"I don't think so. She likes fucking guys." People were staring at me, especially this one guy, a black guy who kind of looked like the one in the porno. I winked at him.

"Didn't you say she was Native American?"

"Yeah, partially. Like, her mom is Native American and her dad is some hick," I explained. "She's from Oklahoma."

"Oh," Neil replied. "So, how did it go down? You just started feeling on her or what?" This was so much like how we were, how our conversations used to be before we fucked everything up by sleeping together. I was so happy all of a sudden that it was all back to normal.

"We were looking at some black on blonde porn- you know how racy that is," someone actually got up and moved away from me at this point. "And I just kissed her. She's so hot, Neil, you have to fuck her."

"Don't pimp out your roommate, Renee," Neil replied.

"I'm not pimping her out," I replied. "But you're right. You should meet her. We can see what happens." I pulled the cord for my stop. "Jeez, I have to go I just went grocery shopping and I have to get off the bus with all these bags," I said. This made Neil cough.

"You were on the bus?" he asked. "You said all that dirty shit on a bus?"

"What's the big deal?" I asked. I got up and collected my things and was nearly pitched forward when the bus stopped. "Oh, I better go, I have too much shit to talk and carry. Bye." I hung up before he could answer and threw the phone in a bag and got my groceries, my school books, and everything and headed off of the bus.

When I got home Johanna was sitting there with some shopping bags and jumped up excitedly, when I came in.

"Tommy took me out shopping," she said. Tommy was some guy she'd been having sex with pretty regularly since her "break up" with Bill. He was pretty rich. He owned a few restaurants and had gotten her attention by ordering her some expensive drink for her in the club. 

"He bought me Louis!" She looked like she might cum right there and showed me the Louis Vuiton purse that he'd gotten for her. I was pretty jealous.

"That's cool," I said. I wondered why I'd never thought to make a guy take me shopping after fucking me, or even better, before fucking me so I could gauge how good I wanted to be by how much he bought me.

"And look," she went through each of her bags excitedly and I watched as she pulled out expensive shit and waved it in my face.

"Did you fuck him?" I asked.

"Of course," she replied. "A lot! I let him do me in the ass."

"You hadn't let him do you in the ass before?" I asked in surprise.

"No, I wouldn't even let Kevin do me in the ass. But after Tommy got me all of this!" I looked at the bags, my jealousy was choking me. I forgot about Neil, I wanted to get some shit too.

"We should go out tonight so I can get some guy too," I said. "I want a Louis bag."

"Hell, yeah," Johanna said and handed me a Hermes scarf. "I got this for you anyway," she said. "But it would be great if we both had rich men and could make them take us shopping together!" 

So, I put the idea of me and Neil and Johanna all having sex together on hold for a while in order to find a rich guy I could start sucking the money out of. 

Johanna seemed to want another rich guy and we stalked through the club looking for suitable suitors for us both, though I thought that Johanna should have cooled her heels since she already had a rich guy and had just gotten thousands of dollars worth of shit out of him, but this seemed to only increase her lust for a still bigger and better catch.

That night, in our classiest-slut outfits, we met George and Michael. They were about thirty-five and pretty sexy for being old like that. At that time, I was twenty-three and Johanna was still a teen. 

Our admirers, like a lot of people in L.A. had shit loads of money, I could tell because when they saw me and Johanna at the end of the bar they sent a bottle of Christal over to us. L.A. is fantastic- where Western hedonism goes to butt fuck sloth and greed. Everyone there is on the hunt and pimping themselves out in the process. 

Johanna and I had nothing to offer really, but we were amazingly hot and for guys that's enough. For Johanna and I, the five hundred dollar bottle of champagne was a good start and we took the Christal and each poured ourselves a glass and then raised them in George and Michael's direction. 

Their eyes were bugging out of their heads, seriously. No sooner had we taken a sip of the stuff then they were there introducing themselves and inviting us some place quiet to talk. Johanna and I each picked who we wanted. She got George and I got Michael, so we sat down next to each other and beckoned the guys to either side of us.

"Hey, baby," Johanna said.

"You're lovely," George said as he rubbed her thigh. "How old are you?" Johanna looked sixteen when she had makeup on. I was impressed that she could keep herself looking so young. My big breasts, I think, always made me look legal.

"How old do you think I am?" she asked.

"Hopefully, eighteen," George said with a laugh.

"How old do you think she is?" I asked turning to Michael. I eyed his pants, he was definitely aroused.

"Eighteen," Michael said. "Barely... An eighteen year old cocktease," He said.

"Oh, I'm eighteen," Johanna lied as she cupped my face in her hand. "But I'm no fucking cocktease." 

And then she kissed me. 

I was shocked, someone had upped the ante, not only was she lying about her age, but she was making out with women in public. It was like the new Johanna phoenix had risen out of the ashes of her burnt up, horrible, pleasure-less, relationship with Kevin and this one was even hotter than the first. 

We rubbed our tongues against each other and rhythmically pressed our lips together. I slid my hand up her short skirt. I was getting wet and when she parted her legs so I could stick my fingers up her crotch, I saw that she was wet too.

"Jesus," Michael whispered and George just started giggling like a girl. "You girls like to fuck each other?" he asked. Johanna pulled away from me, her lipstick all smeared like a tart and she began fondling my breasts.

"I like to watch guys with big dicks fuck her," Johanna cooed. She pushed open my dress and moved the bra cup from my big tit and bent down and began sucking on my swollen pink nipples.

"Oh yeah, you teen slut," I hissed as I stroked her clit. She pushed open the other side of my dress and began alternating between sucking each of my nipples, leaving lipstick on them. 

I looked over at Michael who was already rubbing himself over his pants and then I gestured for him to come closer and we began kissing. 

He slid his hand up my skirt and started fingering my slit, poorly, but I rubbed his bulge and it felt big, so I didn't mind that there was no way he'd get me to orgasm with what he was doing. 

I hoped his tongue was better, but I knew Johanna's was, so I didn't sweat it.

"Oh yeah, baby, mmm, I'm gonna cum," Johanna said from the attention that I was giving her pussy. She pulled away from my breasts and then turned to George, opened his pants and pulled out a medium-sized dick and winked at him. 

"You want me to cum while I'm sucking your big cock?" she asked. She was lying about it being big, but I supposed she was being polite.

"Fuck yes," George said and she bent down and Michael took over sucking on my breasts and stopped fingering me to really grope my tits, squeezing and pinching the nipples while keeping one hand stuffed down his pants.

Johanna started cumming against my hand and when I glanced over, I saw that George had pulled her top down and was stroking her breasts.
