 It had been a long week and I was thoroughly looking forward to spending a quiet evening with a good book. As I was slipping my pjs on, I got a text from Caterina. She'd broken up with her boyfriend a month ago and was ready to stop wallowing and enjoy a night out. I reluctantly agreed but only because she wanted to go somewhere low-key. We decided to meet at the little dive bar not far from her house. I put my jeans and a tee shirt on, brushed my hair and headed out the door. 

Caterina was already sitting at the bar when I got there. She looked amazing! Her black hair shimmered in the bar lights. Her green eyes sparkled with a happiness I hadn't seen in over a year. The green dress she was wearing showed off her perky tits and perfect ass. I was filled with jealousy for an instant. 

We had a few beers, did some reminiscing, played some pool, and danced drunkenly to the jukebox. 

After a few hours we were pretty drunk and started arguing over which of us would invite the man at the end of the bar home. 

After four tied games of rock, paper, scissors, we were about to arm wrestle when Caterina suggested we both take him home. At first I thought she was suggesting a "one night with you then one night with me" style arrangement, but I quickly realized what she meant. 

"Wait, you mean..." I had to admit, I'd often wondered what she'd look like naked, but never thought she'd be the type to go for something so risqué.

"Sure, why not? We're young and single and he looks like he could handle us both." I looked again and she was right. He was very tall, broad shoulders, strong hands, he could definitely handle both of us. I smiled and before I could say yes, Caterina was talking to him. 

"Excuse me. My friend and I wanted to know if you'd like to come home with us." He looked a little stunned and she had to ask again. I had walked up to them at this point. I smiled and nodded, he threw some money on the bar and we left. 

We walked back to Caterina's place talking, touching, kissing, I could hardly contain my excitement! 

Once Caterina opened the door, it didn't take us long to make our way to the bedroom, striping clothes off along the way. My God Caterina had incredible tits! They were so full and soft. I couldn't resist, I pushed her down on the bed and, with a handful of one tit, filled my mouth the other. Her nipples got hard under my tongue and between my fingers. I could feel my pussy begin to drip. My hand abandoned her as I reached for my clit. No sooner had I began rubbing than I felt a sharp sting on my ass. I'd been spanked! 

"Now that's not very nice," he said. " What kind of manners is that? Playing with yourself while your friend lies there in need?" SMACK!!! Another spanking, and that one hurt!! 

"I'm... I'm sorry." I didn't know what else to say! 

"Don't apologize to me, show Caterina how sorry you are." SMACK!! Again! My ass was on fire!! I couldn't think. How was I supposed to do that?? SMACK!!! SMACK!!! He was using his belt! I was bent over Caterina, my ass high in the air and my face nearly in her... Oh!! That was it!! I tentatively stuck my tongue out and licked the juices from her thigh. 

"You're getting there." His voice was softer this time, but still full of authority. My tongue explored Caterina's pussy, inside and out. If she stopped moaning I'd get a good, hard swat with the belt and a stern reminder to be nice. I tried to lower my ass once to avoid the belt and was met with the hardest spankings yet. Up my thighs, across my pussy and all over my ass. I'd never felt so much pain with so much pleasure in my life. 

I was rubbing Caterina's clit with my thumb and fucking her pussy with my tongue. Caterina was moaning and writhing on the bed. 

I must have been doing something right, because his fat cock was ready to reward me. With his thumb placed firmly on my asshole, I felt his cock against my pussy. I was terrified he was going to put his thumb in my ass!! But his dick felt so good inside me. He started thrusting and I matched my rhythm on Caterina with his. His cock was sliding in and out of my warm, wet pussy while my tongue ravished Caterina. I was going to cum! And then, he stopped. 

He smacked my ass and threw me on the bed next to Caterina. Holding my hands above my head he said "Never send a woman to do a man's job," as he plunged his cock into Caterina's pussy. 

My own recently emptied twat was nearly crying out for relief. I tried reaching down to rub my clit or finger my pussy, but he had my hands held tight. I watched, tormented as he drove his fat cock into her pussy over and over again. Caterina's moans were getting louder and her body stiffer under him. 

"That's a good girl, cum on my dick." Her body shuddered and Caterina moaned incoherently. 

He pulled his cock out, still dripping with Caterina's juices, released my wrists, only to grab me by the hair. "Now clean it!" 

Clean it? What the hell did he mean? I couldn't move. I couldn't think. He was holding my hair far too tightly for me to get a washcloth. 

Then it hit me. No, literally, right in the face. He smacked me in the face with his huge, pussy-sodden dick. 

"I said clean it!" I stuck my tongue out cautiously and began to lick. "There now, that's not so bad, is it?" 

It wasn't. It was actually kind of nice. I opened my mouth and let his dick explore a little. It was filling my mouth and I could see it wasn't even half way in. I was moving up and down with a fairly steady rhythm, rather proud of myself for being able to take as much of it in as I had. His grip grew tighter on my head and before I knew it, his cock was filling my mouth and pushing its way down my throat. I could feel a cold terror creeping up my spine as I gagged and sputtered. My eyes were tearing and my lungs burning. Right when I knew I couldn't take anymore, he pulled my head back and I could breathe!! I gasped and coughed. I took a deep breath, filling my lungs. 

I took a second breath, then a third. Just as I tried taking a fourth, he thrust his dick back down my throat, then pulled it out. He kept this up for what seemed like an eternity. His power and control was such a turn on, I was even starting to enjoy the terror of having my mouth and throat completely filled. 

I decided to try to give myself some relief. I slowly, carefully reached down to touch my wet, throbbing pussy. I felt my fingers on my clit. Then sliding inside me. No sooner had I thought I was going to get to finger myself than he had me flipped over, my hands held, again, above my head, and his arm wrapped around my throat. Even worse, I could feel his cock pressed against my asshole. 

I tried to tell him not to go there, but as soon as I made a sound, he tightened his arm and I knew to keep quiet. 

"I didn't give you permission to touch yourself," he practically growled in my ear. I could feel his cock starting to open my tight little hole. I wanted to protest, but was afraid to. He had loosened his grip on my throat, but he could stop my breathing at any time. 

"Now, you're going to be a good girl and do what you're told, aren't you?" I didn't know what to do. I was afraid if I spoke he would tighten his grip around my throat again. I was afraid if I didn't speak he would impale me on his huge dick. I only whimpered. 

"You say, 'Yes sir.'" His cock pushed a little further into my ass.

"Yes, sir!" I practically screamed. I could feel him stretching me open. It wasn't nearly as unpleasant as I'd expected it would be. I might have even enjoyed it had it not terrified me so much. 

"Good girl. Now, what do you want?" How do I answer a question like that with his cock slowly pushing further into me? I wanted him to stop! I wanted his dick as far from my asshole as it could get!! But I couldn't tell him that. I didn't want him to leave me like this, wet, empty, desperate for an orgasm. 

"Do you want to cum?" That was an easy one! 

"Yes, sir!" He started to pull his dick out of my ass and that's when I realized two things. First, he had managed to work his entire cock into my ass without me realizing it. And second, I did not want it out! I tried to raise my ass towards him to show him what I wanted, but he had me pretty well pinned. I was about to cry out, to beg him to not to pull it out. The only sound I made was a squeal. I didn't want to be punished again. 

"Does my naughty girl want something?" I nodded. "Would you like to ask for something?" I nodded again. "Mind your manners and you may speak."

"Please, sir, I want you to fuck my ass." I said quietly.

"What's that? I can't hear you," he whispered as he pulled his dick a little further out. 

"Please fuck my ass!!" I screamed. I was rewarded with his cock slamming hard into my ass. Over and over again as I begged him to fuck me harder. I'd never felt so filled on my life. He would bring me near orgasm, then slow his pace. I'd beg him again to fuck me hard and he would oblige, for a while. I thought he'd never let me cum. Finally, as I felt the most powerful orgasm I'd ever had creep up on me, he drove his dick deep into my ass. 

"Oh god yes!!!" I screamed as I came. He filled my ass and I heard Caterina cum. I realized she'd been watching the whole thing. A wave of embarrassment and pleasure hit me as I lay shuddering on the bed. 

Caterina and I never found him again, but that was the first night (of many to come) that we picked a man up in a bar.