 We had gone out this evening to a pub. Sheryl had been talking about getting another lady to play with us. Neither of us really knows how to go about getting someone unless we brought Chloroform. But tonight would turn out to be lucky for us.

We had arrived around 10pm and thought we'd throw darts for bit. We are throwing back shots of Crown and half heartily throwing darts, but mostly playfully harassing each other mixed with a little cock teasing. 

There are two young ladies and a guy throwing next to us. Eventually we catch their names, Cindy and Jill. Cindy is in full flirt mode with the guy and Jill seems to be annoyed she is left out. Sheryl and I start luring her into our conversation and play. Jill is looking good wearing a tee shirt, that she fills out very nicely, and tight jeans. She's blonde and her hair easily drapes over her breast. She is drinking margaritas, one after another, maybe because Cindy has left her out of the fun. We got Jill to throw with us and after we teased her that she needs to pace her buzz, the night's young, too early to be drunk. Jill agrees she should slow down and orders a coke. 

It's Jill's turn to throw and she drops her darts. Laughing at her clumsiness she bends over to pick up her darts. My eye immediately gazes down her shirt and Sheryl notices and says "hey baby, how's that view?" 

I look at Jill and say, "The view is beautiful down Jill's shirt."

Jill self-consciously pulls the neck of her tee shirt to make sure it's closed.

Sheryl puts her arm around Jill and says, "Jill, honey, don't try to hide those beautiful tits. We won't bite." 

Sheryl and I are smiling at each other knowing we'd love to bite.

Jill says "sorry, uh, oh what the hell"

Jill turns and throws her darts. Sheryl chalks the throws and as Jill is walking towards the board to retrieve her darts, Sheryl 'accidently' bumps into Jill, catching her by grabbing her breast.

Sheryl, "Sorry, oh sweetie, ooo, your breasts are amazing." 

Not even aware that she hasn't let go her, gives a quick kiss on Jill's lips.

I'm thinking, damn, that was hot.

Jill smiled and pulled away and retrieved her darts.

I step up to throw and as I'm throwing, Sheryl reaches around and rubs my cock and my dart hits the wall near the ceiling. 

"Damn girl! I like what you did to my throw" 

Both the girls chuckled. 

Now Sheryl throws a dart, then her second. As she is going through her motion to release the 3rd dart, Jill reaches around squeezing Sheryl's tit. 

"Whoa! Ray, you're making me throw as shitty as you!"

"Ha! Jill is guilty of that one"

Jill has a sly grin on her face.

Sheryl smiles at Jill, "girl?"

Jill moves close in and kisses Sheryl's lips. But Jill's kiss is a little slower and more deliberate. 

Sheryl reaches around and squeezes Jill's ass.

They each back up and are smiling into each other's eyes.

My cock just jumped and plumped a bit. I'm wondering if Jill is just drunk or does she wants to play with us. 

After a couple more rounds, Jill notices that Cindy has disappeared. Jill walks around the pub looking for her and then goes outside.

"I hope she comes back" we said almost simultaneously.

After a few, very long minutes, the door opens and Jill comes back in and tells us, "Cindy left with that dude. I don't have a ride now. "

Sheryl puts her arm around Jill and whispers, "Sweetie, you can come home with us." Jill smiles and hesitates, looks at both of our shit eating grins and then nods her head yes.

We gather our stuff and head to the parking lot. All 3 of us slide into the front seat of the truck with Jill in the middle. I start navigating our way home when I notice Sheryl's hand moving around the inside of Jill's thigh. Jill turns towards Sheryl and they kiss.

I jerk the wheel after almost driving off the road. 

Jill says, "Ray, concentrate on your job."

"yes Mamm!"

But I can't quit looking. The two girls are locked in a kiss; both are feeling between the other's legs.

"Shit, I may cum before we get home" as I try to pay some attention to the road.

We get to the house and the girls go in ahead of me, holding hands. I keep shaking my head thinking this is too good to be true. I bet Sheryl is already sopping wet!

I get into the house and don't see the girls. I walk down the hall to the bedroom and they are both lying on the bed, locked in a passionate kiss, groping at each other's body. 

I'm thinking, "am I fucking dreaming?" 

I don't want to interrupt the moment so I go to the kitchen and get a pitcher of iced water and 3 glasses. Before heading back into the room I take a Cialis. 

"If I'm gonna keep up, I gotta be prepared"

I get back to the bedroom and Jill's tee shirt is off. 

Dammit I wanted to watch everything come off. I sit in the chair near the bed, hoping at some time they'll invite me in. My cock is throbbing. The head of my cock will probably blow off whenever some skin is exposed.

Jill has a bra that matches the color of her tee shirt. Sheryl is hovering over Jill's face, still kissing. Jill sits up a bit and reaches behind and releases her bra. Unleashing those two beautiful, breathe taking, bouncing tits.

"Oh my god" I thought.

The two girls notice my presence for the first time. Both smiling and without speaking say, I bet you wish you were in here.

Sheryl cups Jill's left breast and takes one of the nipples into her mouth. Sucking a bit then running her tongue in a circle around her areola. Sheryl's spit and exhaling is making Jill get goose bumps around her nipples, which I can see the texture in the low light of the room.

Jill moans as Sheryl unbuttons her jeans and slides her hand in. I can see Sheryl's hand moving inside Jill's pants. 

Jill begins squirming and reaches down to help Sheryl get deeper into her pants. Jill starts pushing her jeans down. 

I am so into this scene. I have unzipped my jeans and started stroking myself.

As Jill is struggling to push her jeans down, I jump up and grab the top of her jeans and slide them off. 

Oh my god she has a beautifully shaved pussy. 

Sheryl is now has full access to Jill's pussy. Sliding her finger in and going around her clit. 

Sheryl sits up and starts working on Jill's pussy like I work on Sheryl's.

Spreading her lips with one hand, then spreading her clean pussy lips and exposing her clit. While rubbing a finger on each side her clit, Jill is writhing from this intense attention. Sheryl has learned well from her master.

She takes her hand away from Jill's clit and pushes two fingers into her wet pussy, finding her G spot. When her spot is first touched she lets out a yell, "oh god."

Jill has spread her legs very wide.

Maybe this is the first time Jill has had her G taken care of.

Sheryl rubs her G with the two fingers and her other hand is squeezing and massaging her clit. Sheryl moves her hand away moving her face to Jill's pussy and begins licking her clit. I hear Jill and Sheryl moaning simultaneously. I'm extremely excited for Sheryl, being her first time to lick a pussy and I got to witness it.

Still stroking myself, I can't stand this anymore and cum. I didn't take my eyes off of Sheryl licking pussy, or off of Jill's pussy being eaten. I have no idea where my cum went and didn't care. 

Jill screams and has an orgasm, very intense. She pushes her ass upward arching her back, pushing her pussy harder against Sheryl's face. Her pussy is gushing from such an intense moment. Sheryl backs off from licking her clit and just kisses around her pussy lips. 

Sheryl moves up to Jill's face and kisses her, sharing the lovely pussy juice freshly gathered. 

I can no longer stand sitting on the side lines. I get between Jill's legs and start kissing her upper thighs. I move in and start licking the juices around pussy. My cock never quite got soft, but now is getting hard again. 

I've never licked a bald pussy before and the smoothness is amazing. I move down to her taint, and then moving up around her clit knowing, it is electrified, I stay a small distance away. Her legs relax onto my back.

Jill's orgasm lingers and her body seems to still be trembling. While kissing, Sheryl runs her hand, flat, over Jill's belly, circling around her bald mound. 

Jill moans as my tongue takes a swipe across her clit. She digs her feet into my back forcing her pelvis skyward as her unfinished orgasm builds back up.

I am licking her clit as her tense body quivers and she is moaning a steady "ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh." 

After several minutes, her lingering orgasm peaked. She begins to relax and curls her body, placing her arms crossing her breasts.

Sheryl lies besides her stroking her sweat soaked hair, consoling her from an unbelievable event. 

I move over to Sheryl and take her pants off.

My cock is rock hard again.

I spread Sheryl's legs and she is as wet as I've ever seen. I begin licking her pussy juices. She lets out a sigh that tells me she has been longing for my tongue, Jill's tongue, anybody's tongue, since we'd gotten home. 

She closes her eyes to get lost with my tongue exploring and moving in and around her wet pussy moving up and down her slit, easily sinking deep. I flatten my tongue and move up and down her swollen clit. 

"Oh shit" I hear her whisper.

Jill seems to be coming out of her haze and turns towards Sheryl and they kiss, deep, slow and long. They look like lovers that had been separated for years, finally getting back together and cannot get enough of each other's tongue. 

I begin massaging Sheryl's G spot while running my tongue up and down and around her clit. 

Jill moves her hand down to Sheryl's pussy and suddenly stops when she touches my head. I think she forgot I was in the room. 

I move my head away from Sheryl's clit and guide Jill's hand there. Jill takes her first and second finger, flat on each side of Sheryl's clit, running them up and down. Sheryl's clit is squeezed between Jill's fingers and poking out. So I move my head up and begin lightly licking her protruding clit. 

Sheryl lets out a cry, "ohhh"

I start playing with Sheryl's nipple, while licking her clit and Jill is stroking the sides of her clit. 

Sheryl's head falls backwards as she lets out a loud moan while cumming. 

I quit licking her clit but Jill doesn't stop, she just rubs faster. Sheryl is moaning louder, fast short breathes. Her body quivers. Jill starts sucking her nipples and Sheryl screams "Ahhhhh". 

Returning a favor, Jill holds and consoles Sheryl after her orgasm. Sheryl and Jill's legs are intertwined. In the tangled web of legs, is my head, tightly pressed against Sheryl's pussy. I'm kissing her pubic hairs. 

I hear some whispering going on up there. Then all legs suddenly move away and my head is exposed to the light of the room. I hadn't noticed until that moment that my breathing was restricted. I sit up but then pushed on my back. Sheryl hovers over my face, kissing, biting my lips, pushing her tongue into my mouth and down my throat. I feel a soft sensation on my chest, like a butterfly landing briefly, and taking off again. Jill was kissing me, slowly, working her way down my belly. My mind is spinning. I have a woman on each side of me. I can't believe two women are giving me all this attention, all this affection, all of their sex.

Sheryl's leaves my face and joins Jill as she approaches my pubic hairs. Jill is kissing my hairs, biting and pulling them. Sheryl kisses around the top of my thighs, and spreads my legs. She passes by my balls, not touching them, but making a point to blow on them. 

Jill kisses around the base of my cock while Sheryl moves to the top, kisses the head and running her tongue around the rim. Jill begins kissing and licking my balls.

"Fuck" I whisper.

Sheryl lowers her mouth over my cock and slowly slides it down her throat. Jill has taken my balls in her mouth and sucking them. 

I don't think I've ever spread my legs this far apart before.

"Whew" I exhale.

A finger runs down my taint, and then circles my asshole. I can hardly tell who's doing what. I am high as a kite. Maybe even dizzy, I can't tell. I can't even grasp how intense this moment is.

From sucking my balls, Jill moves to kissing my thighs, inside and across the top. Moving down and licking under my balls to my taint. 

Sheryl is sucking hard on the head of my cock, only to stop to slide it down her throat. Back up to the head, sucking, biting and licking. She knows she is driving me crazy, she gets me close to cumming, then backs off. Bringing me close then backing off. I want to cum, I need to cum, and she knows it. She becomes evil when she has me in this situation.

"Oh baby, please" I moan.

With my cock in her mouth she moves her head back and forth "NO".

After what seemed to be hours, she must have felt sorry for me. She quit sucking on my cock and sat up, "What is the problem baby?"

"I need to cum"

With a sly smile she moves her face towards mine and straddles me lowering her pussy onto my aching cock. Slowly, up then down. Jill is licking my cock when Sheryl is on the up-stroke. 

Sheryl sits up with my cock in her. Jill moves and stands straddling my chest facing me. She bends over at the waist and brings her hands down on each side of my head. Her ass is sticking up and Sheryl leans in and starts eating Jill's pussy while her nose is buried in her ass. Jill's tits are waving over my face. I'm able to reach up and play with her nipples. 

Sheryl is licking pussy, at times moving up and down on my cock. Jill sounds like she may cum. I am very close. Sheryl hangs onto Jill's ass with her hands and start moving up and quickly on my cock. We're having a three way breath-a-thon. All breathing hard, short and quick. I begin to cum. Sheryl feels my throbbing cock pumping cum into her. She begins to cum. 

Jill starts fingering herself. Her sweat is dripping onto my chest and face as she begins cumming. Minutes go by and Jill lies down beside me, Sheryl lies on the other side. We are bathed in our sweat. Any direction you look is glistening flesh. 

I expect myself to wake up any minute and realize it was a dream. But it's real. Jill later reveals this was her first three way as well. This was the most amazing evening of our lives. 

We gather our wits and sit up to drink cold water. Silence is prevalent, but an occasionally giggles pops up as we catch each other's eye. 

Rays from the sunrise peek through the window blinds.