 Authors Note:

I have been wanting to write something for a very long time and had always found myself not knowing what to write. I've read others' erotic tales for inspiration but I never seemed to know what story I really wanted to tell. Then it dawned on me - why not write things that I'm familiar with or had experienced. The story I present to you was inspired by true events. I understand many of you may have heard this many times before and may think things like this don't happen in real life but I leave that entirely to you. I will admit that the story was embellished for effect purposes. I hope many of you will enjoy my first attempt at writing something erotic, so please leave me feedback of your thoughts/comments. I look forward to reading them. 

Chapter 1

Lee and Brian had been best friends since grade school. Although they had attended the same schools together since kindergarten, they really didn't become friends until the sixth grade. It was then that one day after school Lee missed his bus and had to wait until his father got off from work to pick him up. While he waited he noticed one of his classmates, Brian, being bullied by a group of older students. Lee intervened, but rather than being able to stop it, he ended up getting physically assaulted along with Brian. Luckily Lee's father got there before any further attacks by the older kids could happen. The two had been inseparable ever since.

Their friendship was thought to be extraordinary, especially by their teachers. The reason was their different ethnicities - Lee was Asian and Brian was black. At the time, racial tensions were high at their school. But they were too young to care anything about the difference in their ethnic backgrounds; their only concerns were knowing they shared the same interests. They both watched the same type of cartoons, and enjoyed monster trucks; and they also had an interest in martial arts. Surprisingly Brian excelled in martial arts, attaining higher ranking belts more quickly than Lee.

The friendship carried on through high school. They even joined the same after-school activities. They weren't big on sports, so they joined the math league or Social Society Club - things of that nature. In the 11th grade Lee and Brian were in the running to become officers in their Social Society Club. Another member was also running with them, a girl named Aimee. Of course the three were running for the same Presidency position. Lee fell short and ended up with the treasury position; a landslide win for Brian netted him the presidency, which left the Vice President position to Aimee. Despite their competition for the Presidency, the three became close friends, collaborating on club activities and hosting club events. Most of the time it was a love/hate relationship, but the love/hate was mostly between Brian and Aimee.

Brian began to develop a crush on Aimee. At first he had thought of her to be bitchy - the type of girl that didn't put up with a lot of shit and always got her way. But after spending a lot of time with her, he was starting to see her as pretty cool and down to earth. Although she didn't have the drop-dead gorgeous looks, she was cute and adorable in a nerdy kind of way. Added to that was his attraction for Asian girls.

Brian was frequently at Lee's home after school. He began to develop his fascination for Asian females when he was flipping through some of the Japanese skin mags that Lee had stashed in his room. The women in those magazines were all extremely beautiful, their bodies slim and smooth. The models looked so pure and innocent, like the average everyday girl. Then there was Lee's mother, who he respected a lot. She had played an important role in the person he was to become. She looked past the color of his skin and treated him like a second son. She would often ask him to stay for dinner before he went home. She also helped with his school work, making sure he understood it and completed it correctly; she was very caring and endearing to him. But the thing that stood out the most about her was how attentive she was towards her husband. Dinner was always ready when he got home and she made sure his plate was never empty. It may have seemed subservient, but he saw the joy she received from making her husband happy. Brian had imagined that he would one day meet a woman similar to her.

Aimee, at first glance, did not look to be of Asian descent; her eyes were bigger and rounder and were not "almond-shaped" like a typical Asian's. And her lips were bigger - similar to those of actress Angelina Jolie. She was not completely devoid of her Asian features though. Her most prominent Asian attributes were her long black hair and porcelain-like complexion.

For her part, Aimee felt she was better suited for the club presidency role and thought Brian was too immature to hold such a position. Brian and Lee were constantly goofing around and as a result Aimee often found herself dealing with the club issues on her own. When they had meetings, Brian would often talk over her and disparage her ideas. He often teased her on the nerdy glasses she wore, even though he thought she looked cute with them on. She felt he was deliberately picking at her to get her attention; it was childish, like when a boy pulls on a girl's hair because he likes her. But he wasn't always like that to her and was courteous only when they were alone. It was nice to know that he had an interest in her, but she was too focused on school and trying to maintain her good grades to show an interest in anyone. Plus, she wasn't sure how her parents would take it if she dated someone who wasn't Asian.

Despite what she had to put up with between Brian and Lee, she was glad to have met them. She admired the bond they had; they seemed to not let their ethnic backgrounds get in the way. And after all the teasing and goofing around, she had a change of heart on Brian as the president of the club; he had a lot of good ideas and raised a lot of money for special events.

As for Lee, you could tell he was Asian a mile away. He had the stereotypical slanted eyes and jet black hair. What stood out about him was his height - he was the tallest Asian in school and taller than many of the other non-Asian kids, but he was not as tall as Brian; Lee was about half a head shorter than Brian. Their classmates had nicknamed them the "twin towers" because they were constantly seen together.

Lee didn't share the same feelings for Aimee as Brian did. At the time he had a crush on another girl in the club. He would often tease Brian about his feelings for Aimee, but Brian would put him in a good-natured headlock to try and keep him quiet. Lee later found out Aimee's parents and his parents knew each other. His family owned a Chinese restaurant and her family worked for them. The employer/employee relationship between their parents developed into an awkward situation for them both.

After high school the three went their separate ways. Lee went abroad to study architecture, Aimee stayed in the States to attend college, and Brian moved back to Barbados to resolve some family matters. Lee and Aimee took it pretty hard not knowing if they'd ever see Brian again, with Lee taking it the hardest. The three had agreed to keep in contact whenever possible, but only Lee and Aimee stayed in touch through letters and sometimes chatting over the phone.

During holiday and summer breaks Lee and Aimee would return home to see their families. They often saw each other, helping out in the restaurant that Lee's family owned. Their friendship was slowly developing into more than just friends; many nights he would take her home after working in the restaurant and they would sit in the car and reminisce about the past. They also found out they had more things in common than they realized, even though their similar backgrounds should have suggested it. They went out on several dates and really enjoyed each other's company. After one such date Aimee allowed Lee to take her virginity, something that she had held onto through high school. They knew long distance relationships had a high failure rate, but they were willing to try and make it work. But as time progressed it proved to be too difficult and they decided to take some time apart.

After Lee and Aimee graduated college they eventually reconciled. After another year of dating Lee proposed and they got married. After their Honeymoon, they returned to their normal lives, with Lee working in an architect's office and Aimee starting her residency at the city hospital. They often thought about Brian and wondered about his whereabouts. They had tried to get in contact with him but none of his family seemed to know where he was living. Eventually they stopped searching for him and moved on.

One night, while they were getting ready for bed, Aimee wanted to discuss with Lee the invitation they received to their 10 year high school reunion. Lee was hesitant about going as he really didn't know a lot people in the class. Aimee on the other hand was excited, thinking about seeing old friends that she hadn't seen in a decade. She begged and pouted like a little girl for him to go with her, but he stood his ground and didn't budge. She had cuddled up next to him in bed and was lying with her head on his bare chest. She was determined to make him go with her and knew what she needed to do to get her way. She began to idly trace her hand from his chest down to his boxers. She hooked her fingers onto the waistband and tugged at it just enough to expose his flaccid cock. She began to caress the soft organ, running her fingers back and forth. When he was semi-erect, she wrapped her tiny hand around it and stroked, bringing his hardness more to life. It quickly grew in her hand and she watched the pinkish head peak out from the foreskin of his cock then hid back in as she stroked. It didn't take long to get him fully erect, and she felt the sticky clear fluid on her hand that had oozed out of the slit of his cock. In her view it was only a matter of time before Lee caved.

"Please, baby?" she cooed, and looked up towards his face. Lee had his eyes closed, the feeling of his wife's hand around his cock almost felt foreign; they rarely had any time for intimacy due to their work schedules. She slid her legs across his waist and rose off his chest, straddling him. She looked at him puppy-eyed and begged again for him to be her date. When Lee did not respond, she pulled her nightie over her head revealing her naked body to him. She grabbed his hands and placed them over her small breasts. With her hands over his, she squeezed his hands forcing them against her breasts. She moaned seductively, and wiggle her hips against his crotch, "Pretty please, baby?"

Lee knew what she was up to, but was enjoying her antics at the same time. "Two can play this game," he thought, and he gave her nipples a little tweak. She softly moaned, and he felt her body shiver. He smiled, thinking he may have the upper hand. Her breasts felt soft against his hands. He rose off the bed and leaned into her chest. He gave her breasts another squeeze and took her left nipple into his mouth. He tenderly sucked the pinkish bud and swirled his tongue around it; alternating from left to right. Her nipple became erect and her body jerked when he gently tugged her it with his teeth. He progressively applied a little more pressure to her nipple and she moaned more loudly. Lee no longer cared whether he had the upper hand or not. He desired her, and wanted to be inside her. He couldn't remember the last time they had made love.

Aimee was so lost in her own sensations that she had forgotten what her original intent to seduce Lee was even for. It had been too long since she had his cock inside her. She wanted him to fuck her; the sensations she was feeling were incredible and they rippled throughout her body. She turned to look at his cock and then turned back to him. She reached behind for his cock and guided it to the entrance of her pussy. She impaled herself onto his hardness and slowly lowered her pelvis until he was fully inside her. She ground into his cock, rocking her hips back and forth. Lee moaned, feeling the warmth of his wife's pussy swallow his manhood. He held onto the sides of her hips and watched her ride his cock. Aimee, moaning, had begun to change to a staccato pant and Lee began to thrust upward, meeting her with his own movements. Her tits swayed up and down in sync with each thrust; the sounds of their bodies slapping against each other echoed throughout the bedroom. Aimee leaned back, placing her hands behind her and onto the bed. She propped her legs up and spread them obscenely open. Aimee knew Lee loved watching his cock disappear and reappear from her pussy in this position.

Lee noticed a sheen on his cock; her pussy had glazed his member with sticky, milky-like fluid. The steady flow of juices had dampened his pubic hair and the slickness of it made it effortless for Aimee to slide up and down on his cock.

She bounced off him faster and harder, making the creaking sound from the springs of the mattress more pronounced. Aimee's panting was now almost cry-like as she was nearing orgasm. Lee thrust into her harder, bucking her higher into the air. She cried out, her back arched, and her body began to spasm uncontrollably. Several thrusts later he began his own massive orgasm.

"YES...YES... I will be your date!" he screamed, as he shot his sperm inside her.

Aimee was breathing heavily and collapsed on top of Lee, letting her spasms subside. Lee stared off into the ceiling feeling as if he had just gone to heaven. When his penis began to soften, Aimee slowly slid off him and let him spoon her. He wrapped his arms around her and whispered in her ear, "You didn't need to make love to me to try to convince me to be your date".

"I know," she smiled. The two kissed and exchanged "I love you's" and slowly drifted to sleep.

The reunion party was as Lee anticipated; he saw a lot of people he didn't know and basically stayed by the bar. Meanwhile Aimee was having a ball catching up with old friends. Most of them told her how cute it was that she married someone from high school. Apparently Lee and Aimee were the only ones at the reunion to have met in high school and gotten married. Lee was downing his fifth beer when suddenly he found himself in a familiar headlock.

"What up, nerd?" Lee heard, as he tried to defend the lock.

"Brian? HOLY SHIT is that you?" Lee yelled.

They both hugged each other tightly and fought back their tears so the others wouldn't notice. They were ecstatic to finally see each other again. From afar Aimee saw the commotion where Lee was sitting. She wasn't quite sure who it was that Lee was having a bro-mance embrace with until Brian turned in her direction. She excused herself from her friends and ran to them. She nearly tackled Brian, almost knocking him off the bar stool. She cried hysterically and hugged him so tightly that he couldn't breathe. The three immersed themselves in deep conversation, catching up on each other's lives. Aimee was digging Brian's new bald-headed look, rubbing at his head. Brian barely recognized Aimee; she had lost her nerdy looks and looked like she was something that you would find in a magazine. Her hair was lighter, instead of the jet black color he remembered. Brian teased Lee as he looked the same to him, with the exception of the facial hair that Lee had been trying to grow out. "And what's up with this Jeremy Lin hair style?" he joked.

Brian was surprised to find out that they were married to each other. There was a slight bit of jealousy, but in the end he was really happy for them. Aimee had never left Brian's arms. She was standing in between Lee and Brian but was half sitting on Brian's lap. Brian's arms were resting around her waist and Aimee's hand was on top of his, strumming it. Lee wasn't bothered by the closeness between them; in fact he barely noticed it. The affection they shared was nothing new. After all, Aimee and Brian had been just as close in high school as he and Aimee had been. Despite the fact that so much time had passed and that he and Aimee were now married, it felt completely natural to him.

Their conversation carried on throughout the night. They left the reunion party and decided to stop in at a diner they frequented back in school. Brian was proud to learn that Lee had become a very successful architect, and was equally proud of Aimee becoming a doctor; although he had always thought she wanted to be a veterinarian. Brian told them that he was single, but was in the dating scene. He wasn't sure about marriage yet and joked about liking women too much to settle for just one. Aimee gave Brian a friendly smack on his arm. Brian took her hand and said, "I just haven't found the right one yet," and winked at her.

Lee and Aimee later learned Brian had returned to the States about a year ago and lived with friends on the west coast. They were saddened to find out that Brian was let go from his job and was about to be evicted from his apartment. Brian wasn't sure where he was going to end up and had thought of returning back to Barbados. Lee looked at Aimee and wasn't sure if she would agree to it, but he offered Brian the opportunity to stay with them. Aimee looked to Lee and smiled.

"Yes, come live with us. We don't want you to go back to Barbados!" she insisted.

Brian became emotional and didn't know what to say. He didn't want to become a burden in their lives. Aimee, knowing how important Brian was to her and Lee, wasn't about to lose Brian again and was adamant about him staying with them. Lee was thrilled to find his wife sharing the same enthusiasm. "It'll be like old times," she said. The three laughed.

Several weeks later Brian officially moved in. To Lee and Aimee it was a plus to have an additional hand around the house. Brian helped Lee lay out the new addition to the house, including remodeling the master bedroom to include a walk-in closet for Aimee that Lee had promised. In addition, a new stone patio was finally taking shape. Brian would also help Aimee with the house chores, whether it was cooking or washing the dishes.

One night Aimee received a call from Lee, who was still at work. He had some good news to tell her and asked her to put something nice on and for Brian to do the same. Lee asked them to meet him at the banquet hall where they had their wedding. Brian put on a nice pair of dress pants and a white collared shirt with a sport jacket over it. As he waited by the foyer for Aimee, he looked up and watched her descend from the staircase. He was like a deer caught in headlights. Aimee wore a black haltered dress with straps that tied around the neck. It parted in the front revealing her cleavage. The dress ended mid-thigh which made her legs appear lengthy despite her 5'4" stature. The once cute-adorable-nerdy-girl had now become this exotic looking woman that only dreams could be made of. Despite the fact that he was living with her and had been around her constantly since his return, he never quite realized how beautiful she was until just that moment. "Or perhaps 'hot,' is the correct word," he thought. He was definitely turned on by the sight of her and found it rather difficult fighting back the bulge that had formed in his pants. He noticed the slight bounce to her breasts in each step she took and the closer she got the tighter his pants felt. Aimee had a concerned look on her face when she reached for Brian's hand.

"Are you ok? You look like you're in pain."

"No, no... I'm ok, but WOW Amy, you look hot!" he said, slightly embarrassed by the erection he was now sporting.

Brian did his best to conceal it, but when she leaned in to give him a hug and kiss on his cheek he knew it was a lost cause. Aimee felt something poking against her abdomen and without even thinking about it, reached for it to move it aside. Thinking it was his cell phone in his pocket she looked down and realizing what she had just grabbed, she gasped, putting her hand over her mouth.
