 This is my first submission and it is entirely a work of fiction.  Please do leave feedback for me, so I can incorporate into my future stories. Thanks!



Linda was finally going to make it to Hong Kong. She was very excited to be visiting Asia, her first trip outside of the United States. She had already connected with her colleague, Will, from her firm's Hong Kong office. They had been flirting off and on for six years now -- but this was also the first time they were meeting in person. Will was a 30 year old single guy with six years in Hong Kong. He was known as quite the adventurous kinds and loved parasailing in his free time. Linda had often fantasized about taking their little flirting to the next level and have a few adventures of her own. But she was never sure if Will was just humoring her with all the flirting or if he really had a thing for her. 

Linda was quite an attractive 29 year old from Washington DC. She was a very petite blonde with short hair and 32C breasts. At 5 feet 6 inches, she would blend right in with the HK populace. 

The first three days at work went by in a tizzy, with Linda and Will not really finding the time to hang out as much as they had planned. Finally, Linda managed to catch a hold of Will by the coffee machine. 

"Hey, Will. No time to catch up with an old pal, eh?"

"I'm so sorry, I have just been caught up in this wild project -- but the good news is that it's ending tonight, so you will have me all to yourself for the rest of the week! Just let me know how I can make up for ignoring you!"

"Hmmm, interesting. So what would you really do to make up for it?", Linda shot back with a glint of naughty in her eyes.

"Anything you ask! I am sure you will think of something.", Will was getting back into his flirtatious self. 

"So, I was searching online for some good bars to hang out at in HK, and I came across these places they call 'Happiness Bars' that sounded quite interesting. What do you think?"

Hmm, she gets right to the point there, Will thought to himself. He had never been to one of those bars, but he did hear a lot of stories about those being swinger bars. Having an attractive female always made it easier to get in and wild consensual sex was literally guaranteed. Will had always thought their flirting was harmless banter, especially since he never really expected to meet Linda in person. Now that she was there and seemed ready to take a leap, he couldn't refuse now ... could he?! If a swingers bar was what she wanted, a swingers bar is what she will get. 

"I am up for it if you are! I will pick you up tomorrow at 8PM."

"Sure thing! I am looking forward to it."

********************************************

At 8:35PM the next day, both of them were right outside one of the happiness bars. Will had called ahead to ask about reservations and etiquette. It never hurts to be prepared. He was expecting to meet a lady called Ying at the door. 

"Are you sure about this?", he asked Linda just to be sure he wasn't crossing any lines. 

"Why? Are you chickening out?"

"No, I just wanted to make sure you were serious about this."

"I am. In fact, I have to admit that ever since I learnt I was coming to HK, I really wanted to let go and do a few things here that I wouldn't do back home. This seemed like the most interesting thing to do. I want you to enjoy it as much as I will! But let's make sure you and I are getting a piece of what's on offer. There's no point in us paying for what we could have got for free anyway!" 

"If that means I get to sleep around with a few hot females tonight, I sure as hell am on!", Will was already getting a hard on in anticipation of what was about to happen.

Just then, a slim young girl about 25 years of age walked up to them and introduced herself "You must be Linda and Will, my name is Ying. Here come right in, let me show you around." Will couldn't help but give her a glance over -- Ying was an attractive female, about 5 feet 4 inches in height and definitely a 34C. She wore a short formal skirt and a business shirt, unbuttoned until midway that showed a good bit of her cleavage. It was evident she wasn't wearing a bra. Will wondered if she was wearing panties. 

They entered through the wooden door and were led into a semi dark room, with small cabins and a huge hall at the end that he couldn't clear see just yet. The small cabins had a thin curtain that was almost transparent. He could see some of the people nursing their drinks and chatting near the cabins and glancing inside from time to time. 

"Most of our newbies start with a few drinks, then go to the cabins for some couple fun." She brought them over to one such cabin. Linda could see an Asian couple making out, the man and woman had their tops off and the woman's breasts were glistening in the shallow light. The man was caressing one of her breasts lightly and kissing the other one. The woman was undoing his zip in an effort to get a hold of his cock. Linda and Will watched transfixed -- they weren't expecting to see a couple in action less than five minutes after entering the bar. "You can grab a drink from the bar and explore if you wish. You can stand and watch the folks in the cabins as much as you want. But you can't join in. If you would like, you can grab any free cabin on this row. If you are feeling a bit more adventurous, you can walk over to the hall instead. You will find multiple couples in action there and you can join in if you wish." Linda knew this is what she wanted to do, and squeezed Will's hands -- realizing only now that she had been holding on to him for a while now. 

"Thank you, Ying. We will grab ourselves a drink and explore.", said Will.

"My pleasure. Also remember, I -- and any of our hosts this evening -- are available for your 'exploration' should you wish. I hope this will make you more comfortable too!", Will could scarcely keep his cock from peeping through his trousers.

****************************

Ten minutes later, Linda and Will got their drinks at the bar and decided to hang out at the bar for a few minutes. Linda said, "I definitely want to get to the hall and see all those couples having sex. I have always wanted to do a threeway and what better place than here to try it out." "Then what are we waiting for? Let's head out.", Will just needed to see the hall room for himself. "Hmm, I was hoping to take a few moments, but hey, if you wanna head over right now -- let's do it".

As they entered the hall, they saw a huge mattress almost the same height as a bed in the middle of the hall. For some reason, Linda had expected couple action but this was truly a free-for-all. A cute Asian girl, no more than 20 years old, was being hammered by two young studs, also Asian. She had one cock in her mouth while the other rammed her pussy from behind, as she was down on all fours. The cocks weren't terribly large, but she seemed to be enjoying herself. So many nude people in the same room -- there must have been 30 of them -- really made her wet and she began to slowly unbutton her own shirt. Soon she had her entire shirt off and she slowly made her way toward the trio. As she neared them, she took off her skirt as well. The Asian guy ramming the girl from behind gave her an appreciative look and motioned her to join them. She took off her bra and gave her breasts a jiggle to the excitement of the guy. As her bra fell off and her breasts flopped out, she saw a few more admiring glances come her way. She slid herself underneath the Asian girl and touched her breasts lightly. They were ever so slightly smaller than hers and the young girl started responding to her touch. She took one of her nipples in her mouth and began sucking on it. At the same time, she felt someone -- she thought that was Will -- hold her by her waist and position her pussy off the edge of the mattress. Then, a hand pulled down her panties and discarded them. Light fingers were now running through the insides of her thigh making her tremble with trepidation. She felt herself suck on the young girls tits vigorously. 

She could feel a tongue on her pussy now and she started gyrating slowly to the rhythm. In the meantime, the young girl spasmed with an orgasm as the guy ramming her came simultaneously. The young girl let go of the other guy's cock and slid off. The guy with her sock still stiff moved toward Linda and positioned his cock at her mouth. It was about five inches in length but thick enough to look bigger. Linda extended her hand and held it in her palm. This was the first time she would be blowing a stranger and she wanted to savor the moment. She slid it into her mouth slowly. It was already lubricated by the young girl's mouth and some pre-cum from the Asian guy. It was stiff and Linda feared he would come soon. Suddenly, she could feel another cock on her face. She was surprised to turn around to the other side of the cock she was blowing now and see Will. And all this while she thought Will was going down on her. The Asian girl who had slid off a while back had his cock in her hands and was slowly positioning it for Linda to swallow as well. The girl held the shaft lightly with one hand while caressing Will's balls with the other hand. Linda held the Asian guy's cock in her hand and slid Will's dick into her mouth slowly. 

"Ohh, that feels good." Will said exhaling. He had looked forward to this moment for a long time. 

"Thrust your cock into my mouth, Will.", encouraged Linda tugging at the Asian guy's cock at the same time. But as Will started thrusting harder and harder into her mouth, she let go of the Asian cock. The young girl started masturbating his cock in the meantime. Out of the corner of her eye, Linda could see the young girl alternate between sucking on the cock and jerking it off, bringing the guy very close to coming. She didn't have much time to think about it though, she was enjoying having Will in her mouth and having her pussy eating out by a stranger all at the same time. Very soon, the Asian guy let out a gasp of relief as he came and the young girl positioned his ejaculating cock right over Linda's breasts. Having a stranger come all over her was another first for Linda and she felt wonderful. 

After five more minutes, Will and the stranger down under alternated their positions. Will got between Linda's legs and slowly slid his cock into her. It was only now that she realized that he was much bigger than the other cocks she saw around the room. As he entered her, she could feel the inner walls of her pussy part and she was thrown into a zone of wild passion. She took the other dick in her hands -- this was another Asian guy and she brought him close to coming surprisingly fast. 

"Yeah, Will. Give it to me. Faster. Harder.", she screamed but not really being heard over the general high-decibel levels of the room. Will was thrusting at her, while holding one of her breasts at the same time. The Asian guy was also holding on to her left breast while she gave him a sensuous blowjob. Out of the corner of her eye again, she could see about four other Asian guys and two Asian women around her. The four Asian guys were masturbating themselves looking at her getting satisfied. She imagined seeing a naked blonde being banged by an Asian and an American wasn't an usual sight here. But she was enjoying all the attention she was receiving. Very soon, one of the masturbating Asian men walked over closer to her seemingly close to orgasm. The young Asian girl suddenly reappeared again and started blowing him to orgasm. Just as he was about to come, the girl held his cock over Linda as he came all over her. This was a second batch of cum on her in less than half an hour! The three other men seemed to take that as a cue and came closer to hover over her, as they came to orgasm themselves. Two of them were very close to orgasm from what she could see. But she didn't stop sucking the cock she had in her mouth or enjoying Will inside her -- if anything, all these new experiences were exhilarating for her. In a couple of minutes, the two men were ready to come and pointed their cocks at her face this time even as she sucked on her new Asian cock. They came in a crescendo at the same time and almost covered her entire face with cum. Add that to the list of firsts for me today, Linda thought to herself. But she was close to cumming herself with Will inside her, and the raining cum only made her more excited. The cock in her mouth was ready to cum and she mentally debated if she should swallow or let him cum on her face as well. 

Just then, Will began thrusting harder, reaching closer to cumming himself. His sudden thrust popped the cock out of her mouth and the guy came all over her face gushing a huge load into her mouth and lips as well. She couldn't hold herself in much longer as well, and tried to time her orgasm with Will's. She saw the young Asian girl come back and take one of her cum soaked breasts in her mouth, licking it with all the attention she could garner. The girl flicked her tongue over Linda's nipples and she could feel an orgasm begin to take her over. 

"Aaah, sweetheart, I am coming!", she heard a happy Will yell out to her. But she was too caught her in her own ecstasy to respond. Will took out his cock from her pussy and came on her breasts. At just the same time, she came as well and she could feel her juices ooze out. She trembled out of satisfaction and tried to turn over to her size to control her orgasmic spasms. Will came by her side and held her hand. "Was it as awesome for you as it was for me?", he asked trying awkwardly to flirt with her again. "Yes, it was as awesome -- maybe even more seeing all those men come on me!"

She slid off the bed and walked around to the back of the hall looking for a washroom so she could wash all the cum off. As she passed by, she could see a host of admiring eyes follow her to the washroom. She looked into the mirror -- here was a satisfied woman's face, she told herself. Her face was full of cum all over and so were her breasts and stomach. "I wish they would allow cameras here, there is one picture I would love to take and treasure!", she thought to herself. Well, maybe this won't be the last time and she could still make the most of her stay here in Hong Kong.