 Several cliches were going through my mind. Can you have too much of a good thing? If something ain't broke, don't fix it! I was considering a major change in my life and I was not sure if it would be a good change or bad. I guess I should give you a little background. 

My name is Robert Hayes. I answer to Bob or Bobby, never Rob or Robbie. I am 28 years old and I have been married to my lovely wife Molly for 5 years. We met in college, where Molly was a nursing student and I was a business major. 

I am 6'2" tall and weigh 200 pounds with brown hair and blue eyes. Molly is 5'6" tall and weighs 120 pounds with long blonde hair and big blue eyes. We both have lean athletic builds. Molly has the nicest ass I have ever seen and firm B cup breasts. I have been blessed with an above average sized dick with a fairly thick girth.

We started dating our junior year and got married not long after graduation. We are best friends and have a very active sex life. Not only in frequency but also variety. Molly is rather submissive and there is nothing we won't try at least once. Our only rule so far is that it is strictly between us, no others involved. With a gorgeous, sexy, adventurous lady who is also my best friend, why would I look elsewhere. I love her more than life itself.

As a matter of fact, I sense that our relationship is the envy of all our friends. I don't mean that to sound conceited but that is the feeling I get from their comments about us. 

Molly is an RN working at the local hospital on the orthopedic floor. I work for a mid sized advertising firm as a senior account executive. I work with the customers coordinating our creative department's efforts to meet their advertising needs. I have been with this company since graduating and I love what I do and where I work. I love the people I work with and my best friend Bruce Evans works in creative as a graphic designer. We have worked on many ad campaigns together over the years. We are the same age and have a lot in common outside of work. We like the same sports teams and golf together often.

Bruce has dated several women over the years but was still single. Molly and I often socialized with Bruce and his dates but Molly never really clicked with any of them. Until Lara. 

Lara was a few years younger than us and was in nursing school. With that common ground, Molly and Lara hit it off immediately. Molly helped her study and deal with the stress of nursing school. When she graduated, Lara got a job as an RN at the same hospital as Molly.

The four of us became great friends, we hung out just about every weekend and even took vacations together. Molly and Lara became really close, even closer than Bruce and I. After a couple of years they became like sisters. Lara is the opposite, looks wise, of Molly. She is about the same height but 15-20 pounds heavier, with large breasts and curves in all the right places. She is brunette with dark, olive skin to Molly's fair skinned looks. Both beautiful in different ways. 

Bruce and Lara seemed as happy as Molly and I. Until about a year ago, when Bruce started to seem a bit distant. Nothing obvious, but something seemed a bit off. He didn't smile as much, didn't seem quite as easygoing as usual. Lara mentioned it to Molly and she asked me to talk to Bruce. 

I took him out to our local sports bar for some beers after work. "Bruce, are you ok dude? You seem a bit distant lately," I said.

"I'm ok Bob, stress at work with the Smithville account. Those assholes can't seem to decide which direction to take their ad campaign," he replied. 

That was not one of my accounts but I heard they were really difficult to work with. It seemed like it was more than that, though. "You sure bud? If you need to talk, I'm always here for you," I assured him.

"No. Thanks man, but I'm ok."

When I got home from work, I told Molly about our conversation. She, of course, called Lara and they both thought it was more than that. "What more can I do? Twist his arm? He told me it was just stress at work. It seems like something else to me too, but I don't know."

Things seemed to get even more strained between Bruce and Lara. They were fighting a lot and we did not hang out as much as we used to. He was distant from me as well. We didn't hang out after work much anymore and our conversations were mostly work or sports related. I kept trying to reach out to him, but he would not open up to me about anything personal.

Lara, however, was relying more and more on Molly for support. She became a fixture at our house as she tried to deal with the situation. She became even closer to Molly and me as well if I stopped to think about it. We tried to comfort her as best we could. Bruce would still not talk to me and we drifted farther apart. Lara thought Bruce may be having an affair but I could not believe that.

Boy, was I wrong! Bruce finally admitted to Lara that he was having an affair with a woman in the art department at work. Her name was Kathy. She was a quiet, kind of mousy woman. I just could not believe he left Lara for her! She seemed nice enough, but there was no comparison to Lara. 

Bruce filed for divorce and then both he and Kathy quit their jobs. They then moved away to Kathy's home town three states away. We were all stunned and Lara was devastated. Lara was over at our house all the time and we did our best to help her through the divorce. 

Lara confronted me one day, "Be honest with me Bobby, did you know about the affair? You guys were so close."

"I swear I had no idea Lara. He pulled away from me too. I knew something was wrong and I tried to get him to talk about it but he shut me out. I'm so sorry. You know we are always here for you, whatever you need."

Lara hugged me tightly sobbing into my chest uncontrollably. I just held her and stroked her back until she was all cried out. I looked over her head to see Molly looking at us with tears falling down her cheeks. She gave me a sad smile and mouthed the words "I love you".

She slept in our guest room that night. I retired to my bed and was joined shortly by my wife after she got Lara settled in. Molly stripped and then went to the bathroom to brush her teeth and get ready for bed. She returned to our bedroom in a sheer pink baby doll nightie. The light of the full moon shone through her nightie illuminating her lovely form. She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. 

She joined me in bed and started to kiss me with a passion that surprised me. "What was that for," I asked?

"Because you are the sweetest man. Thank you for how you comforted Lara, that was just what she needed. I love you so much!"

She then started to kiss my neck, then worked her way down my chest. She payed extra attention to my nipples before kissing, licking and nibbling her way down my abdomen. My cock was already hard and Molly started to stroke it as she kissed my thighs and then licked and sucked my full balls. She started to lick the shaft with long slow strokes of her tongue. She used a lot of spit to lubricate my cock as she stoked it faster and harder. Then she just devoured my cock! 

She is always an enthusiastic cocksucker but that night was something special! She started sucking the top half of my cock while stroking the bottom half. She swirled her tongue around the head of my cock, stimulating all the nerve endings on the underside of my shaft below the head. She kept taking more and more into her mouth until I felt my head enter her throat. This seemed to excite her more. She started to slam her face onto my cock, taking it all with each stroke.

I could not last long and screamed out as a huge load of cum pulsed out of my cock and into her mouth. "Oh fuck, fuuck, fuuuuuck!" 

Molly started to stroke my shaft, trying to get every last drop of my cum as she swallowed it all. She kept sucking until I started to soften, then released it from her lips with a pop. 

"Oh Molly, that was awesome! I love you so much!"

"I love you too, Bobby. I am so happy to have you as my husband, lover and best friend!"

We started to kiss passionately and I did not mind the slight taste of my cum in her mouth. I wanted to return the favor and started to nibble her earlobes and neck. I kissed my way down to her firm, pert titties. I kissed and licked all around them before descending on her long, puffy nipples. They are very sensitive and I got a soft moan from Molly for my efforts.

I worked my way down to her pussy, kissing and licking all around it. Her juices were flowing and running down the crack of her ass. I gave her a big lick from the bottom of her crack, over her little rosebud, through the lips of her sweet pussy and over her extended clit. 

"Ooohhhhhhh!" Molly was so excited, this gave her a small orgasm! I then started to feast on her pussy. I sucked her lips as they filled with blood and grew with her passion. I licked up all her juices as they flowed out of her pussy. She came again as I started to lick her clit rapidly.

"Ohmygodohmygodohmygod!"

I knew she had one more in her but was getting sensitive. I inserted my right index finger and started to fuck her with it. I curled it up and stimulated her g-spot until she started to writhe and buck her hips. Then I started to suck her clit while going harder on her g-spot. Molly came hard with a loud keening noise, like a wounded animal. 

"Aaiiieeegh!!!"

I was again hard and slid my cock into her tight, slick pussy in one long slow stroke. With our passions sated, we made love slowly and lovingly. We kissed and stared into each other's eyes as we professed our love for each other. I don't know how long we were joined together but it seemed like hours before we came together in an intense, fulfilling climax.We slept spooned together and woke up still holding each other.

Lara had trouble coping with the divorce and being alone. She was also having financial problems. They had bought a house that was at the top of their budget, that she could not afford on her salary alone. She put the house up for sale and was looking for a new place to live. Molly and I supported her any way we could.

I suspected something was up one evening when I arrived home from work. I could smell my favorite meal cooking, there was romantic music playing, and and the dining room table was set with candles and our good china. 

Molly looked gorgeous in a tight black dress with a pearl necklace and matching pearl earrings. Her hair and make up was done perfectly and she had her 4" come fuck me heels on. 

She handed me a glass of wine and we talked about our days until dinner was ready. The meal was delicious and our conversation relaxed. It was a lovely evening. We fixed some after dinner drinks and sat down in the living room.

"Bobby, I want to ask you something," Molly said softly.

"Here it comes", I thought. "Sure baby, what's up?"

"Well, you know Lara is struggling badly. Not only emotionally but also financially. We both love her, and she really needs our support. I was hoping that...well, what would you think...uh, I want Lara to move in here with us."

I was stunned. "What?!? I mean...I love her but I don't think that's a good idea. That will change things around here. I love our life and I don't want to mess it up."

"Honey, she's our best friend and she needs us. At least until she gets her feet under her and her life together," Molly pleaded.

I was quiet for a while as I thought about it, weighing the pros and cons. The dynamic would change around here and I liked things just as they were. A plan emerged in my mind as I decided to make a point with Molly. As I said, she is often submissive in our sex life and we have experimented with BDSM. 

I told her, "Strip. Assume the position."

I went into our bedroom to get some things and Molly was in position. She was nude, on her knees with her butt resting on the heels of her feet. Her hands were clasped behind her back with her head bowed. 

I handcuffed her wrists in front of her with the cuffs I got from the bedroom. Then I squeezed her nipples roughly, twisting them as I pulled her to her feet. I removed a hanging plant from the hook that was secured to a ceiling beam, then secured the cuffs to the hook. I then took the leather strap that I also got from my bedroom and started to whip Molly's tight ass with it. Her ass was beautiful normally but looked phenomenal after I whip it red!

I finger her pussy after every fifth stroke or so and her juices are leaking down her thighs. I also use her juices to finger her asshole. Molly is moaning loudly in her excitement, as I whip and finger both her holes. I strip my clothes off too and my cock is rock hard. 

The last thing I brought from the bedroom is a bottle of KY jelly. I lube up my cock, then step up close to Molly. I spread her ass cheeks, bend my knees to line up my cock, then press my cockhead into her asshole. It resists for a second and then my cock slowly slides into her hot tight ass. I start slowly then pick up speed. After a while I start to fuck her ass with long hard strokes. We are both extremely excited and I can feel my orgasm approaching. I reach around with my right hand and vigorously rub Molly's clit as I pound her ass hard. We both scream out as we cum together!

I release her hands and we cuddle on the couch as I rub her sore ass. I then say, "Now, would we be able to do that if Lara was living with us? This will really affect our lives. Are you prepared for that? I don't think I am."

I can see Molly considering this then she says, "I know things will have to change around here, but she needs us. I will do my best to keep those changes to a minimum though. We have to help her. We can't let her down. "

I tell her I will think about it. I spend the next few days doing little else but think about it. My thoughts waffle back and forth. Lara is at our house a lot as Molly helps her cope with the divorce and it's fallout. I can't stand to see her so unhappy and finally decide to agree with my wife's plan. 

Molly squeals with joy and jumps into my arms. "You are the sweetest man, Bobby. I love you so much! Things will work out fine, you'll see. I will make sure things stay as normal as possible for us. Heck, you might even enjoy living with two hot women!"

Then to show her appreciation, Molly kneels before me and pulls down my shorts and boxers. My cock is half hard in anticipation as she starts to stroke it and look up at me with a sexy smile. I am fully hard in seconds and my precum starts to leak out the tip. Molly licks it off and savors the taste. "Mmmmm, like a fine wine," she giggles.

She puts the head in her mouth, teasing my head with her tongue. Then she starts to suck more and more of my cock until she is taking it all, her nose in my pubic hair. I feel her saliva start to drip down my scrotum. She grabs the base and pulls her mouth off and says, "Fuck my mouth, you wonderful man. Don't hold back, I want your cum in my mouth and throat. Make me your mouth whore!"

I groan loudly as I grab her hair with both hands and start to facefuck my beautiful mouth whore. I use long rapid stokes giving her my whole cock each time. She gags a bit and her spit is dripping off her chin. I pull out of her throat periodically to let her breath, but never pull my cock all the way out of her mouth. I use short strokes as Molly catches her breath. She applies heavy suction and tongue action to stimulate me as much as possible. Then I start the long strokes again, alternating in this manner as our excitement grows. 

We have done this before but we have never been this out of control before. I am slamming my cock into her mouth and throat, but this just spurs Molly on to greater passion. I can't hold back very long and I feel my balls pull up close to my body as my cum starts to rocket up my shaft. I grunt loudly as my cum shoots out of my cockhead in long spurts, "Ugh, ugh, ugh, uuuggghhh!"

My knees start to buckle and I have to catch myself from falling to my knees. Molly is coughing and trying to catch her breath. She is taking in great gulps of air like she has just run a marathon. Her face is a mess. Her make up is streaked and smeared, and she has spit and cum running down her chin. It is dripping onto her cleavage exposed by her blouse. I have never seen her look more sexy. 

We take a shower together to clean up and then retire to bed for some gentle lovemaking. I love this woman so and spend the next hour or so showing her how much. We are spent and fall asleep in each other's arms.

The next day is Saturday and we are all off work. Molly invites Lara over for lunch. After we eat and clean up, I make a pitcher of margaritas and we decide to hang out by our pool. The ladies look amazing in their bikinis. Molly is wearing a blue string bikini that covers little of her toned body. Lara has a red number that fits her curves snugly and offers more support for her large tits. My cock swells a bit in my board shorts just looking at these two gorgeous women. 

We swim and lounge around for a while. The drinks and sun making us mellow. Finally, Molly says, "Lara, Bob and I want to ask you something."

Lara looks back and forth between us then replies, " Sure, what's up?"

"Well, we both love you and want to help you through this tough time. You are struggling both emotionally and financially and we would like you to move in here with us after you sell your house."

"What? No way. I could never impose on you guys that way!"

"It would not be an imposition. We want you here, you are our best friend and we want you here," Molly argued.

Lara looks at me and just says, "Bob?"

I smile and tell her, "Babe we really mean it. You are family and we want to help any way we can. You can stay as long as you want. Besides, what guy would not want to live with two smoking hot women?" I look at Molly and wink as I steal her line. 

We continue to argue about it for about 30 minutes before Lara finally agrees. She does not agree until we accept that she will pay us rent to help with expenses. We work out all the details and then have a group hug to seal the deal. Lara gives both Molly and I a big kiss in her excitement. I think about the feel of her lips on mine as I go inside to make another batch of margaritas. From Molly's expression, she looks to be thinking about it too. 

We have never involved anyone else in our relationship and we never had any desire too. My thoughts start to wander, then I reel them in. Naaahh, this is real life, not a porn movie. I would never risk damaging my relationship with Molly. She is my life.

It takes a few weeks but Lara and Bruce's house finally sells. They get a decent price and the proceeds go into the divorce settlement. They both sign the divorce papers and it is now just a matter of waiting the mandatory time and a judge signing off on it.

We move Lara into one of our guest bedrooms and we start adjusting to our change in lifestyle. Things go surprisingly smoothly. Lara has always been a sweet person and is very neat and helpful around the house. Molly and I have always split the household chores and things actually get easier with an extra person to help. Lara is an excellent cook and brought some new recipes to our table.

Things are a little awkward at night lounging around. We wear more clothes then we did before and our sexcapades are done behind closed doors now, but after a while we get more comfortable around each other. I get used to Lara running around in skimpy night clothes and often see her running around in bra and panties as we get ready for work in the morning. 

Lara and I become closer friends than ever before. As couples, the men and ladies would often interact separately. We did not have many one on one discussions, but living together gave us opportunities to really talk and get to know each other better. Molly often went to bed earlier than Lara and I as we tended to be night owls. This gave us time alone for more in depth discussions. Nothing inappropriate ever happened, I loved my wife absolutely and would never jeopardize that. 
