 Carrie walked into the bar at 7:39, only 19 minutes after she had promised she would be there. As she approached the table where her friends were sitting she noticed a new couple she had never seen before. She gave her friend Ryan a hug as he promptly introduced her to Steve and Melissa. Steve poured Carrie a beer from the pitcher on the table as she pulled up a chair to join the group. 

Carrie was 24, at least 8 years younger than the next youngest person at the table. She still appeared very young, often getting mistaken for a high school student. She was a short 5'2" and very thin. She kept her shoulder length blonde hair pulled back into a pony tail. Her brown eyes were big and innocent, her tits barely filled a B cup and she often tried to over compensate with heavily padded, push up bras. She was attractive in the girl next door kind of way. 

Carrie quickly drained the first beer and Melissa filled her glass a second time. Ryan went on to tell Carrie that Steve and Melissa were two of his oldest friends, he had even been the best man in their wedding. Ryan sat very close to Carrie trying to keep her attention, but Steve was making this a challenge. 

Steve was in his early 30s and a very attractive man. His light brown hair a purposeful mess on top of his head. His blue green eyes framed by small wire framed glasses, a perfectly trimmed goatee and mustache framed thick coral lips. Steve was in great shape, bragging about marathon running and the hours he spent at the gym. Carrie couldn't help but lust after him, even with his wife Melissa sitting right next to her. 

Melissa was a knockout. Short dark brown hair framed her soft face. She had big, pouty lips that looked like they would taste like rosé. Around giant brown anime eyes she wore red plastic frame glasses that reminded Carrie of a 1960s pinup model. Melissa had a taut body with wide hips and firm ass. Her large breasts perfectly pushed up and together to make delicious cleavage, that even the straightest woman would be hard pressed not to admire. She stood several inches taller than Carrie at 5'8". 

Melissa intimidated Carrie as well as intrigued her. Carrie couldn't help but feel like Steve and Melissa were both openly flirting with her and poor Ryan, who had been lusting after Carrie for the better part of a year, had become the fourth wheel. 

By 10 pm, after six beers and three shots, Carrie was pretty tipsy. Melissa had convinced her to let her do a shot from between her tits while Steve did one from her naval. She wasn't quite drunk, but a couple of more beers and she would be wrecked. Carrie could usually hold her own and rivaled most men on tolerance, but Melissa and Steve kept the booze flowing. Carrie's inhibitions had disappeared and as Melissa pawed at her body she allowed it and even enjoyed the sexual attention. 

She guzzled a quick bottle of water and filled up one last glass of beer. Or what she thought was the last. "Shots!!" Yelled Melissa as she came back to the table with 8 shot glasses filled with a pink alcohol that smelled like watermelons.

"Oh no! I can't do anymore shots!" Carrie exclaimed, "I'll never make it home!" 

"We are all walking back to Ryan's and crashing there, just come back to the apartment with us, we'll get you back to your car tomorrow." Steve told her. 

Carrie said she would think about it, but she wasn't planning on drinking much more. She tossed the watermelon sweetness back with her arms interlocked with Melissa's feeding each other more booze. She guzzled another bottle of water just in case. 

Melissa came back to the table, this time with blue shots. She had been really handsy with Carrie all night, and even though Carrie had never been attracted to women, she was an attention slut and she relished in all flirty attention. Carrie even flirted back. 

Melissa kept grabbing Carrie by the hips when she moved past her. At one point Melissa was sitting on Steve's lap, Steve pulled Carrie by the pockets of her jeans into Melissa, their hips rubbing against each other. Mellisa was so close to Carrie, she thought she was going to attack her face, so she pulled back and excused herself to the bathroom. 

When Carrie came back out, Melissa went to the jukebox and played ' 'Girlfriend', dragging Carrie to the middle of the bar to dance with her. The bar wasn't set up for dancing, but Carrie and Melissa held onto each other, drunkenly grinding their hips together, oblivious to anyone else in the bar. Steve, and every other man in the bar, sat back and watched his wife grind on Carrie, he was so turned on he could feel his cock pressing against his shorts. 

At 11, Ryan, Carrie, Steve and Melissa decided to walk towards Ryan's place. But not before stopping at another bar, finally arriving at Ryan's a little after midnight. Ryan made up the fold out couch bed for Steve and Melissa and the other sofa for Carrie. He had originally offered Carrie his bed, with him in it of course, promising to be a complete gentleman, but Carrie insisted the couch was fine. 

The two couches were in the living room, they were positioned in a semi L shape. Carrie was pretty tipsy and was ready to sleep off her drunkenness. Everyone else was pretty drunk too and after one more round of shots, everyone turned in. Carrie borrowed a shirt from Ryan to sleep in, just a pair of hot pink boy shorts and Ryan's Irish Pub shirt. Michelle did the same and Steve just wore his boxers. 

In her drunkenness, Carrie fell asleep pretty quickly. She laid with her back to Steve and Melissa. 

She wasn't sure how long she had been asleep, but Carrie woke up to the sound of Steve and Melissa fooling around. Melissa was trying her best to muffle her little moans, but Carrie could her the distinctive sounds of Melissa's wet cunt being probed by Steve's fingers. "Oh my god, they are going to fuck while I'm just ten feet away!" Carrie thought to herself. She kept her eyes closed and tried to pretend she was asleep the best she could. Her back to The fornicating couple behind her. 

Carrie could hear Steve's moans as she listened to Melissa eagerly sucked his cock. "Oh Jesus, I'm actually so fucking turned on right now!" Carrie realized as she felt herself getting wet as the blood rushed to her own pussy. She was even more determined to go back to sleep and ignore what was happening right behind her. Suddenly the noises stopped and there were just whispers behind Carrie. She finally started to drift back to sleep. 

Just as Carrie was almost asleep she felt a hand reach between her thighs and start probing at her little cunt. Surprised, she yelped and she rolled to her back and tried to sit up. At that moment Melissa was on top of Carrie her mouth around hers, her tongue slipping into Carrie's mouth. Shocking herself, Carrie opened her mouth and eagerly slipped her tongue into Melissa's. Melissa straddled Carrie, kissing her and reaching back to her pussy. Melissa pushed the hot pink boy shorts down and fondled Carrie's clit expertly. Reflexively Carrie's hips raised off the couch to meet Melissa's delicate fingertips. 

Carrie's head was swimming, she had never been with a woman sexually before and she was enjoying herself. As Melissa's petite finger spread the folds of Carrie's pussy and toyed with the entrance of her sopping wet hole. She felt two additional hands reach down from over her head and pull her shirt off, leaving her exposed except the hot pink panties, which were barely covering her sex anymore as Mellissa skillfully manipulated her throbbing pussy. 

Melissa sat up, her wet pussy hot on Carrie's belly, Steve's hands came from over her head and grabbed both of Carrie's tits firmly, his fingers twisting her tiny erect nipples. With Steve's hands working her sensitive breasts and Melissa's hands teasing her clit, Carrie gave herself to the moment and let the waves of orgasm take her. 

Melissa stood up and pulled Carrie to her feet, she leaned down and enveloped Carrie's lips with her pouty little mouth, her hands pushing Carrie's panties to the floor, the women's naked bodies completely pressed against each other, Melissa had Carrie's ass cupped in her hands as she pulled her close. Carrie then felt Steve's nakedness press up against her from behind, his hard cock pressed against her ass, his lips working down the nape of her neck, down her shoulder. 

"What the fuck am I doing?!" Carrie was screaming in her head, but instead of stopping, she reached forward to Melissa's wet, bald pussy and with her other hand she reached back to Steve's throbbing cock. Steve's hands were on Carrie's breasts, pulling roughly at her sensitive nipples and Melissa was back to running her fingers through Carrie's short patch of pubic hair. 

"Have you ever eaten pussy?" Steve asked Carrie. She shook her head, hell she had never even touched another woman prior to tonight. "I want to watch you lick my wife's pussy."

"Oh lord, what the hell, I have no idea... I don't even know if I want to lick a pussy... oh but I don't know that I want this to end..." Carrie's head was spinning. She had never thought of another woman sexually. Sure she had flirted and grinded on her friends in the clubs. Before Carrie could collect herself though, Melissa was laying down on the pull out pulling Carrie down with her. She pulled Carrie's face into her cunt. 

Melissa's pussy smelled kind of musty, but in a good way, kind of sweet. Not at all how Carrie imagined a woman's sex to smell. "Oh, what the hell!" Carrie thought and she positioned herself on all fours, with her ass in the air, might as well give Steve a little show too. Carrie grabbed Melissa's hips and lower her face between Melissa's thighs. Tentatively Carrie's tongue found Melissa's clit. Her moist hot mouth kissed Melissa's pussy, and then her tongue circled her clit, Melissa moaned and her hips raised into Carrie's face. Melissa's pussy tasted sweet and god it was so wet. As she relaxed and became more comfortable with what she was doing Carrie realized she was more turned on that ever in her life. Her pussy ached with excitement. She could feel her own juices soaking the tops of her thighs. 

As Carrie worked Melissa's pussy with her tongue and fingers, Melissa moaned. "Fuck yeah baby, that's so fucking good." Carrie held on to Melissa tightly, her tongue frantically working at Melissa's clit, Melissa rocking her hips as Carrie sucked and licked. Suddenly, without any warning Carrie felt the head of Steve's cock push through her pussy lips, and he plunged himself balls deep into her. It was almost immediate that her pussy clamped down with such ferocity it sent a shock wave through Carrie. Her back arched and she pushed back on Steve's cock, making sure he was completely inside of her. She let out a moan in Melissa's pussy. 

Carrie could barely control herself, as she lapped at Melissa's pussy, Steve fucked her cunt from behind. She and Melissa panting in unison, moaning in harmony and finally simultaneously climaxing together. Melissa's hips bucked as Carrie sucked on her clit like it was a piece of hard candy, just sending her over the edge. Steve's hands were gripping Carrie's hips as he thrust his cock into her shaking cunt as hard as he could. Drawing himself almost completely out of her and thrusting it back into the wetness with such force that Carrie climaxed with such ferocity her pussy pushed Steve's cock right out of her. "For a first time pussy eater, you licked me better than anyone before," Melissa purred as she slipped her tongue into Carrie's mouth. 

Carrie thought this bizarre situation was over, when Melissa flipped Carrie onto her back. "You're turn, my sexy little slut," Melissa dove into Carrie's pussy. Sucking on her clit, her fingers like a conductor leading a symphony, obviously knowing what she was doing. Melissa's tongue worked with ten times the expertise that any man who had licked Carrie's pussy ever had. Melissa had arms wrapped under Carrie's legs, her legs over her shoulders, her hands spreading Carrie's sex wide open and her tongue moving and touching all the right places. Carrie could feel Melissa's body rocking rhythmically as Steve fucked her from behind. Melissa moaned with Steve's thrusts. 

The vibrations of Melissa's sex noises in Carrie's pussy were tantalizing. Carrie could feel another wave of orgasmic ecstasy roll through her abdomen when suddenly her pussy seized and a wave of wetness rolled down her ass checks. As she was cumming she could feel Steve's rhythm quicken, his thrusts pushed Melissa harder into Carrie. It was obvious that he was about to cum. Carrie could tell Melissa was close, she had abandoned her pussy and her head rested on Carrie's belly while she made tiny animal sounds lost in her own pleasure. 

Carrie scooted down so she could reach Melissa's cunt. While Steve thrust in and out of Melissa Carrie rolled her clit between her fingers. Her orgasm was nearly immediate and just as hard as Carrie's was moments before. The force of Melissa's cumming pussy clamping down on Steve's dick and sent him to the breaking point and he exploded inside of Melissa, his cock throbbing and with each throb a huge squirt of cum. Carrie was laying under Melissa and could feel the wetness of their mess dropping down onto her. 

"I can't believe that just happened. I must still be really drunk and dreaming," Carrie thought as she laid in bed tangled in between Melissa and Steve. "There is no way this is real" But, she was so content she didn't want to move. Melissa had her head on Carrie's chest, with her arm lazily dropped over her belly. Steve had his head on Carrie's belly his arm possessively and firmly wrapped around her hips. Carrie wasn't sure what to think but she was exhausted and before she could think too much she quickly fell asleep. 

Any thoughts that her tryst had been a drunken wet dream shattered when Carrie woke up with the sun hitting her in the face from a break in the curtains. She felt her body pinned to the bed and realized she was still tangled in a naked threesome with Melissa and Steve.