 Isabel reached over to shut off the alarm on her phone. As she slowly opened her eyes, she saw the lace thong hanging from the lampshade on the night stand. She laid there for a moment and almost forgot where she was, rubbed her eyes and tried to focus on the room. A soft moan and movement can be heard from behind her. As she rolled over, she watched her husband enjoying a morning blowjob from the beautiful blonde, Jessie, that they had met at the restaurant the night before. The sound of the ocean can be heard in the distance, providing a calm and serene feeling as the sun was just starting to break over the horizon. A soft glow filled the bedroom from the floor to ceiling windows, draped in sheer, ivory curtains.

"Good morning love," Jeff moaned, with his hands entwined in Jessie's hair as she sucked him slow and deep. Isabel smiled as she remembered the night before and was instantly aroused with the sight that lay next to her. "Why don't you bring that sexy, beautiful pussy up to my lips, I want to taste you," he said. 

Isabel moved the blankets off the bed, leaving them room to see and explore as she climbed on top and straddled his face. His tongue slowly circled her clit as his hands roamed across the back of her ass as he gently squeezed her cheeks in his hands. She began to rock her hips against him. The stubble across his chin and jaw tickled her lips and inner thighs as she had become more aroused. A heavy sigh parted her lips as he thrust his tongue deeper into her pussy. Isabel looked over her shoulder to see that Jessie had repositioned herself and was now straddling him, with her ass over his stomach. Jeff moved his hand over Jessie's ass, all while not taking his other hand off the perfect ass of his beautiful wife. He only imagined what this day might be like but here he was experiencing this great moment together with two sexy women.

As Jeff's hands moved over Jessie's ass, he found her pussy to be so warm. His fingers caressed the silky, smooth wetness of her lips as they found their way to her clit. She moaned with pleasure and began to suck him harder and deeper. Isabel reached down and caressed her ass as she enjoyed Jeff's tongue and lips sucking her clit. She moved her hips in little circles around his tongue and could feel herself becoming more wet and excited. She wanted more of him but was enjoying the pleasure he was giving...and receiving. How had all this happened? How much did they have to drink? Whatever it was, Isabel was enjoying this moment, and watching her husband with another woman, gave her even more pleasure. She was always curious and wanted to experience a threesome, but never thought she'd ever have the nerve to go through with it... until last night.

Isabel repositioned herself to watch Jessie. She scanned her perfect body and watched her movements as she sucked her husband's cock. She watched Jeff slide his fingers slowly into her pussy and watched and listened to her reactions. This turned her on even more. Isabel always knew Jeff was good at foreplay. He took his time exploring her body, bringing her extreme pleasure and never disappointed.

Jeff is flirty and sexy and very good looking at 6'2" with dark hair and green eyes. Isabel's looks matched his, with her long, dark hair and beautiful, big green eyes. She was a voluptuous brunette with perfect curves, soft skin and a killer smile. Together they were a steaming couple who just liked to have fun.

"Oh my god Jeff, you're going to make me cum!" Isabel said as she began to move just a little faster against his tongue. Jeff could feel her tense up and knew she was ready. He pulled her closer and sucked her clit harder as she came. He could feel her pussy spasm with intensity as she nearly collapsed on Jessie. He savored every moment, every movement of her body against his tongue.

Isabel dropped down and placed her hands on Jessie's back, her skin was so soft and warm, and while she was less nervous than she had thought she would be, it all felt so new. Jessie looked up into Isabel's eyes and reached out her hand to draw her into a kiss. Her plump, pink lips were moist and warm as their tongues intertwined. Jeff tilted his head to the side to watch his gorgeous wife and Jessie. Isabel slid further down Jeff's body to get closer to Jessie as their bodies were pressed against one another using Jeff as their dance floor. Soft moans could be heard just over the crashing of the waves in the distance. As the sun broke the horizon, an orange glow blanketed their bodies now glistening of fresh morning sweat. Jessie and Isabel held Jeff's cock between their bodies as their wet pussy lips smothered him.

"Take him," Isabel kissed along her neck and whispered. Jessie looked down between them to see Jeff's glossy, hard cock. She wrapped her hand around him and guided him slowly into her eager, wet lips. She slowly lowered herself deep onto him as her legs shuddered. Isabel slid back arching her back and without words, Jeff knew exactly what she was about to do.

Isabel watched as her husband's cock slid in and out of Jessie. He moved his hips up into her as he watched his wife enjoying every movement he made as she pinched her nipples and played with her breasts. Jessie let out soft moans and sighs as she moved against him. Her moans grew louder and more intense the deeper and faster Jeff moved. She slowed to grind deep on him as his cock seemed to disappear inside her. She leaned in again to kiss Isabel. Her hips moved in slow rhythm as she felt his cock deep inside. The soft touch of Isabel's lips made her more wet and excited. Isabel slid her hands along Jessie's breasts, down to her hips and moved slowly toward her pussy. She could feel the heat building in her as her fingers found their way to Jessie's swollen, excited clit. She threw her head back in ecstasy as she moved her hips back and forth, enjoying her touch with Jeff's cock deep inside.

"Oh my god, please don't stop, I'm going to cum!" Jessie cried out. At that moment she locked her legs around the back of Jeff's legs and squeezed herself harder against his cock as she came, gushing. Jeff began to move faster and harder as she spilled out all over, soaking him, Isabel and herself. His moans grew intense and Isabel knew he was ready to explode.

"This is for me," Isabel said as she guided Jessie off of his cock. Isabel licked his cock from bottom to top, swirling her tongue around the tip. 

"I love the taste of another woman's pussy on your cock," she said, with a grin as she looked up at him to find him smiling back at her. She took him into her mouth deeper as she felt him hitting the back of her throat. He moved in short, steady, tense motions with her as she sucked him hard and deep.

"I love the way you suck my cock, baby. Look at me. I want to see those pretty eyes."

As Isabel sucked on Jeff, Jessie's hands began to move all over her body. She kissed her down her back, between the cheeks of her soft, perfect ass to Isabel's silky, wet pussy lips. She wanted to taste her. She circled her clit softly as her tongue brushed gently up and down, savoring every taste as her fingers slowly moved in and out of her hot, slippery pussy. There's something to be said about how well a woman knows how to please another woman and Jessie knew what she was doing. Isabel was right there on the edge of erupting again as she stroked and sucked Jeff's swollen cock.

"Baby, I'm going to cum!" Jeff moaned as his legs tightened and he gripped the sheets tightly. She slid her mouth deep onto his cock as the first burst of his hot orgasm filled her mouth. Isabel couldn't hold on any longer herself as she cried out, her pussy trembling as she came on Jessie's magic tongue and fingers.

"Oh yes, cum for me," she commanded.

She gave Isabel a firm spank across her shiny, wet ass. Jeff continued to erupt until his legs went weak and his cries became deep frantic breaths. Isabel wiped a small amount of him from her bottom lip and turned to face Jessie before kissing one another again. They giggled as they each fell to one side of Jeff, their legs draped across his sweaty body as their fingertips traced letters and shapes in his chest. Isabel looked at the ceiling as the sunlight danced off the water outside their room creating a magical mosaic design. 

"How about we go take a shower and I treat the two of you to breakfast?" Jessie said with a smile. Isabel slid off the end of the bed still soaked and wet looking back at Jeff who seemed to be slipping into a sex coma. She smiled and took Jessie's hand pulling her to her feet.

"Sure, I think I still have enough energy for a little one-on-one," Isabel said as they headed off to the shower. 

Jeff just stared at the ceiling as the sun began to warm his skin. I cannot believe this is really happening! He thought as he sat up and scratched his head. He could hear the water running in the bathroom and from the open door he could hear the moans of his guest. He thought to himself as he rose to his feet, Hmm, they must be having a little more fun. Jeff walked across the room toward the bathroom, he could see Isabel down on her knees and Jessie sitting on the edge of the sink. He needed to recharge before he could even think about getting back into that action again. He just gazed at his beautiful wife's body as she worked her magic.

"Honey, this is your first time with a woman, are you sure you know what you are doing?" Jessie looked up at Jeff and smiled.

"Shit, this is her first time with a woman? Could have fooled me," she said, excitedly. Isabel looked up with a smile. 

"When you have something this amazing, how could you not savor the taste?" Isabel and Jessie both giggled.

Jeff was the first one in the shower as the ladies gathered themselves together. They seemed to have a difficult time keeping their hands off of one another. As they slid into the large shower, they sandwiched Jeff between the two of them. 

"Jeff, we were talking, and Isabel tells me that she has never had anal sex before. Is this true?" Jessie asked. Jeff just smiled.

"No, no we haven't...yet," he said, as he turned back to Isabel as he washed her naked body. Jessie leaned Isabel forward running her fingers between her wet cheeks and then spreading them.

"Maybe it's time we give it a try," she said, as she teased her ass. Jeff became excited and quite hard very quickly as he watched. Jessie's finger slowly disappeared into Isabel's tight ass and she moaned softly.

"Just be gentle Jeff, it's my first time." 

"I promise, sweetheart. I will be slow and gentle," he said.

Jessie grabbed the bottle of oil that was on the sink and poured it on Jeff's hard cock, soaking it as she began to stroke him. She turned and poured some oil onto Isabel's ass, soaking her and sliding her finger in and out, teasing her.

"Just relax and enjoy," she said, as she guided Jeff's cock softly against Isabel's ass. Slowly, he pressed but was met with a little resistance.

"Okay, okay, keep going Jeff..." Isabel instructed. Jeff thought, She is really tight, I don't know if it is going to... And just then the tip of his cock disappeared into her as she gasped, reaching back to hold his hip.

"Oh god, you're in my ass Jeff, you are really in my ass!" She said with such surprise. "Okay, you can go a little deeper," she moaned as he slowly moved in and out. With each motion, he buried his slippery cock deep into her. 

"Wow, this is so hot, I've never seen it from this angle before," Jessie said with excitement as she watched it move in and out. "You can go just a little faster Jeff," Isabel said. She was so tight around his cock that he knew he was going to cum.

"Isabel, I'm going to cum... baby, I need to cum inside you!" He cried out and she tightened up, clenching his cock as it pumped and throbbed with each explosion. He could barely breathe. No words came from his lips. He just shook as he came inside her tight ass. Jeff just stood there, his cock still in Isabel as he slowly slid out of her, still sensitive and swollen.

"You guys, that was so hot!" Jessie said as she caressed Isabel, running her wet hands all over her. "Was it okay for you, Isabel?" She asked. Isabel stood up, holding onto the walls of the shower.

"My legs are shaking, but let me say this...Jeff, we will be doing a lot more of that!" Isabel said with excitement as they stepped out of the shower to dry off.

Isabel leaned against the wall of the shower recalling just how this all started. Earlier that day Isabel stepped out of the bathroom in a brand new form-fitting, black dress with a very high slit up the side. Her makeup was perfect and her hair was up in a sexy bun. She looked herself over in the mirror and smiled as she was quite pleased with herself for the first time in a long time.

"You know, Jeff, when you suggested we try this type of vacation, I honestly thought you were crazy," she said, "but I am really glad we are here." Jeff slipped into his black jacket before looking in the mirror just to make sure his hair was in place.

"Honey, I just want us to experience everything, and for you to be very happy." Jeff said as he rested his eyes on his sexy wife. "My dear Isabel, I can't say this enough, you look amazing," he said, with such pride. Isabel could feel her cheeks becoming warm and flush as she smiled.

"Thank you my sexy, handsome man!" She strutted over to him, heel to toe, swinging her hips as she grabbed his cock through his pants. "This guy is going to have a really fun night... isn't he?" She grinned before kissing him. The smell of his cologne was intoxicating and instantly excited her. 

Jeff finished getting dressed and added some gel to his hair. He wanted tonight to be special for the both of them. He wore black dress pants, a fitted t-shirt and a sports jacket.

"My, my, my...if you weren't already my husband, I think we'd have to duck into the nearest closet so I could have my way with you. You look incredibly sexy tonight," she said, with a twinkle in her eye as she leaned in to kiss him again.

"You really know how to make a man feel wanted. If we weren't already running late, I'd have you out of that dress so fast, you wouldn't have time to think about it." 

Jeff and Isabel entered the dimly lit restaurant which seemed quite quaint and fairly quiet for such a popular place. They were escorted to a far, tucked away booth as requested by Jeff so that they could have some privacy for their romantic evening. The table was draped to the floor in a long white table cloth. As they sat, a beautiful, young, blonde waitress walked over.

"Good evening. My name is Jessie and I will be your server this evening. Would you like to see our wine list?" 

Jeff looked over to Isabel and took her hand, "She is always best at picking wine, what do you think sweetheart?" He said as his hand warmed hers. "I think we will have a number twelve, the blend?" She said as she handed Jessie the wine menu. 

"Is that a glass or a bottle?" She asked as she flashed her beautiful smile.

Jessie was young, yet she had some level of maturity and class all rolled into one. Isabel found her quite attractive as her eyes looked her up and down with a devilish grin.

"She looks very tasty, doesn't she?" She asked as she watched Jessie walk away.

"I think she would look a lot sexier without those clothes on... and in our room," he said, as he grasped her hand.

"I am wearing the smallest, black thong and my lips are wet just sitting next to you," she whispered into Jeff's ear. The tip of her tongue grazed his earlobe and sent a tingle down his spine. She grabbed his hand and guided it to rest on her knee. He looked into her eyes, kissed her cheek and slowly brushed his lips across her cheek to her ear. He knew this was one of her weaknesses.

"Relax, I won't bite too hard," Jeff said as his hands moved slightly higher. He gently bit her on her earlobes as his fingers traced her spine down to the small of her back. She softly sighed as his tongue traced along her neck down to her shoulder, softly kissing her as his hot breath caressed her skin. His other hand slowly crept up the softness of her inner thigh. Isabel's breathing became quicker with excitement as she felt the slight chill in his touch against her heated skin. 

"Open your legs for me, I want to feel you," Jeff whispered in her ear. Isabel excitedly opened her knees, while nervously looking around the room for peering eyes. Even the slightest unsuspecting glance seemed to add to the excitement of their actions in such a public space. Jeff's hand reached ever so closer to her swollen, excited lips as her arousal became evident through her panties. Isabel gasped as she dropped her head to hide the moment of pleasure she had flowing through her entire body. Whether it be instinct, or the desire to touch him, she laid her hand across Jeff's lap feeling his erect cock throbbing in his pants.

"Wait," she said, as she slid his hand away, "would you order us two glasses of water to go with the wine? I'll be right back." Isabel slid out from the table and around the bar, only to look back at him with a mischievous grin and a sexy strut. Jeff was hot now as he reached down to feel the hardness of his cock and stay in the moment. Jessie came by and he waved her in, quickly throwing the napkin in his lap to hide his excitement.

"May we have two glasses of water as well, seems to be getting hot in here," he said, with an unassuming grin.

"Yes sir, right away," she smiled as she walked away glancing back without pausing. 

Isabel returned as Jeff watched her walk toward him from across the bar. It appeared as if she was walking in slow motion as he looked at each curve of her body through her form-fitted dress. Her eyes and lips glistened in the low light of the restaurant. There was excitement in his eyes as he caught the same in hers. Those bedroom eyes are so damn sexy, he thought. She sat back down next to him, grabbed his hand and into it she placed her lace thong. He looked down, opened his hand, and then closed his fist around them, they were warm and damp and he knew right then, this was going to be a fun night. Isabel quickly grabbed his hand placing it on her knee again. She whispered into his ear, "So where were we?"

Jessie slowly walked toward them with the glasses of water. Jeff started to pull his hand away but Isabel whispered "No, keep going, she won't know." Jeff's hand reached her hot soaking lips and he could feel her clit swelling. She gasped as his palm pressed against it.

"Is this a special occasion this evening?" Jessie asked as Jeff slid his fingers deep into Isabel's pussy, curling his fingers upward closing her in his grip.

"Yes, as a matter of fact we are celebrating a fun night out with hopefully some new experiences," Jeff said as he rubbed his palm against her throbbing clit. Isabel's expression looked as if she was about to explode as she reached down to grab his hard cock through his jeans. Slowly she unzipped them to take his cock in her hand.

"Well, enjoy your evening, and if there is anything I can do, let me know," Jessie said with a wink as she walked away. 

Isabel turned to Jeff and kissed him hard. Her breathing escalated as her heart began to race. Her hips moved slowly as her pussy grazed against his strong fingers. Jeff pressed all the right buttons, and her excitement heightened. Her kisses still stained with the taste of wine. Her breathing grew more frantic as she gripped and stroked his cock. Isabel clawed open Jeff's pants and with his help, slid them down past his hips. She threw her head back as she released and tightened her thighs together, his fingers still deep inside her as she gasped for a breath. Just as she brought her head forward again, she locked eyes with Jessie.

"I'm sorry, but I couldn't help but watch, may I make a suggestion? I could close the screen to give you a little more privacy, but," she said.
