 Dear Kate,

I can't believe the things you said in your last e-mail! How could you, after all we've been through together? You really hurt me! Of all people you should know how important this is to me. How lonely I've been, how confused. How much I've hurt. You didn't want me anymore, that's OK, I understand that. Cathy is more your type, we tried each other on and the fit was off. It happens, but the things you said because I found a way to be happy. That was just mean. Despite it all, I thought we were still friends, best friends! It's been so hard. I've been so torn not really knowing what I was, who I am. Was I straight? Was I gay? Was I just trying to make my parents happy when I dated a guy, or did I really feel the things I thought I felt? Was I scared of moving on when I was with you? Is that why I stayed so long? It was so confusing!

For the first time in my life I think I've got it figured out. For once, I'm not trying to fit into someone else's mould. Jill, the good daughter. Jill, the straight-A student. Jill, the girlfriend. Jill, the lesbian. Little boxes that never let me be me. I always thought you were "MY" friend. A friend of Jill, the person. I thought I didn't have to stay in a box with you. Your letter was awful! You sounded like one of those Uber-Lesbians we use to laugh at. The ones that only have two categories for people, gay and not worth bothering with. If that's who you're becoming, I think you need to take a good hard look at yourself. Sexuality should be about love, not hating and excluding. Love who you love, you don't have to hate others to do it.

Can't you see what a gift this is to me? It's like taking down the Christmas tree and finding an unopened present from your dead grandmother behind it. This love I've found is so precious, so special. Funny thing is, the thing I thought might upset you, you didn't even mention. I guess you really meant it when you said you didn't care about your birth family anymore. Too bad for you.

Amid all your venom you did ask one question. Why? Well little miss, 'straights are only good for making more of us,' I'll tell you why, and I hope it knocks your socks off! Last night is why. Last night and all the nights and days like it.

I was so upset by your letter we went to bed without making love for the first time since we got together. It was about three o'clock and a cold draft on my back woke me. Sue was hogging the blankets, but that's not why I was cold. I leaned on one elbow and looked down at Sue. Light leaked in from the hall outside our bedroom. She is so beautiful. I feel warm just thinking about her.

Sue's five one, with a petit body and perfect, rounded, c-cup breasts. She's so slender her breasts look larger than they are. Her tummy is flat and she keeps her mons Veneris trimmed. Her legs are perfect, lean muscle and flawless skin. I love to lick them. The best though is her face. She's Asian, with full lips and perfect features. Her hair is like ebony, but silken to the touch. The contrast of my blonde hair mingling with hers is so sexy. I love the fact that I'm a little taller. It makes her press tight against me when we kiss.

Even if she was a bitch I'd still get a tingle looking at my Sue, but she isn't. Her heart is as beautiful as her outsides. She is the gentlest, most loving woman I've ever met, and I love her. I think for the first time I'm really in love. Bill validated me, until he took off with that stripper. I needed him to feel I was worth something. Tracey needed me, leached off me really, what we had was twisted co-dependence. I can see that looking back. Back then I didn't know what love was.

Then us. Kate, face it, in the day you were experimenting and rebounding from Randle. Your 'gay', best friend from high school was safe, and we both needed to feel loved and safe after our respective break-ups. I was lonely and didn't see the risks. Now that I'm in love I think I'm seeing things a little more clearly. 

Getting back to Sue, I watched her beautiful eyes open, and she smiled at me. I had to kiss her as I did I felt her hand caress my side, slowly working its way to my nipple. She loves to touch my slender frame and run her fingertips over my breasts. Sue is as fascinated by my little breasts as I am by her larger ones. She says I'm her perfect female type, and she's mine.

I break our kiss and nibble along the pulse line of her throat as my fingers traced over her tummy and gently tweak her nipples. She arches her back. I pull my head under the covers to suckle her. Her nipples are the size of a dime with large areolas and very sensitive. I love taking them in my mouth. It feels so intimate and peaceful. Sue runs her fingers through my hair and strokes my back as I suckle her.

I play my fingers over her inner thigh then up to her womanhood. I gently stroke the length of her sex. She is clean and moist. I feel her bend down and kiss the top of my head. She whispers, "I love you."

I leave her breasts, so that I can kiss her beautiful mouth in reply.

My fingers leave her sex, and I teasingly stroke her thighs as I kiss across her chest and take her nipple in my mouth again. I'm like a baby, and my beloved Sue loves the attention.

It's gotten hot under the blankets. Sue must feel the same way because she throws them off us. Cool air rushes in, making my nipples stand even more erect. Sue caresses my breasts. Her hands are so soft, her touch so gentle. Sue's free hand caresses my scalp as I move my hand to her sex and part her folds. I enter her with only the tip of my finger, while I massage her clitoris with my thumb. She whispers my name.

"Jill, My sweet Jill. My love, touch me. I want you so."

And I reply. "You have me. I love you."

Sue kisses me and moves the hand on my breast to my sex. I feel her fingers stroke me as our tongues caress each others.

We both hear a toilet flush and break our kiss while continuing to fondle each others bodies. We're both smiling. Good is about to get better. Much better!

There's the sound of heavy footsteps, not the soft tread of a woman, but a firm pace of a more massive person then he's standing at the foot of the bed. Robert, our Robert, our man! Your brother, that's what I thought might upset you, go figure. Rob's as handsome now as he was when I had a crush on him in high school. Six-foot tall, broad-chested, muscular, a little chubby, but Sue and I will get him to work that off soon enough. ;-) He's wearing his hair short now. The sun has bleached in some blond highlights amongst the brown. The effect softens his face making him look even better.

Rob's all man and his flaccid manhood was beginning to harden at the sight of us.

"Started without me, well carry on. I'm quite positive I'll be able to catch up," he says.

I love his voice when he's aroused. So British, so classy, with an undertone like warm honey and hot sex. Both Sue and I know he loves to watch us, and there is a thrill in being watched that all three of us appreciate.

My hand continues to work Sue's sex as I kiss her. I push two fingers into her and rock my palm over her clitoris. Sue moans into my mouth. I feel her fingers slip deeper into me as her other hand plays with my nipples. The touch of her is soft, gentle, unhurried. The taste of her skin is warm and sweat. My breathing is fast, and I'm dripping onto her hand.

Sue pulls away just as I'm nearing orgasm and retrieves her favourite toy from the night table beside our king-sized bed. She passes me the finger-clip vibrator. I once more suckle her as I slip it on. I watch Robert from the corner of my eye. His breathing is fast, and he's now fully erect. He looks like a God of passion.

I turn on the vibrator and stroke it over Sue's clitoris. The sounds of her moans counterpoint the toy's buzz. Robert moves to her side and kisses her as he caresses my back. As strange as it sounds, there has never been a moment of jealousy between us. His touch is like fire. Sue's hand finds my sex. She starts to masturbate me as I play the vibrator up and down her slit.

Robert moves behind me, and as Sue plays with my clitoris he slips a finger into me, finding my G spot. I feel like I could come then and there, but Robert and Sue have other plans. Sue pulls away and moves to the edge of the bed, laying on her back with her legs dangling above the floor. There is no need of words; Robert and I know what she wants.

Robert stands on the floor and gently eases into her. I love to watch the mass of him disappear inside her. You'd never believe it would fit, but it does, in the most wonderful of ways! I move over her and soon feel her tongue caress my nether lips. It's delicious! A teeny orgasm makes me gasp. The best part is, I know that's only the first.

Before Sue and Robert I never knew I was multi-orgasmic. I'm so lucky!

I play the finger vibrator along Sue's slit as Robert slides in and out of her. It's incredible to watch. I touch the vibrator to Robert's shaft when he's halfway in so the vibration courses up to Sue's G spot. Sue is lapping at me like an ice cream, and I love it. Robert pulls me close and kisses me as we pleasure our girlfriend.

His kiss is insistent, like fire, a man's kiss, forceful, powerful. I love the feel of his urgent lips on mine. The slight, musky smell that rises off him. The strength in his arms. I can't believe I was fool enough to ever deny myself this because of some self-deluding sense of extremism. To put myself in some self-limiting box because it was expected.

I love the touch of my man! I trail the fingers of my free hand over his solid, masculine chest, then over Sue's breasts. The contrast is incredible. Sue's nipples are as hard as erasure ends, and I know she's close. Robert drives in as I bring the vibrator over her clitoris. She screams and bucks on the bed.

"I love you. I love you. Jill, Robert, Robert, Jill. Oh God! I love you!"

Robert smiles a self-satisfied smile. He looks so smug and so sexy! I love that smile, and I know I wear its twin. I have to kiss him. My kisses flow from his lips over his chest until I can nip his masculine nipples. His hands run over my body stroking with a firm, gentle pressure that leaves no doubt that this is a man's touch. I moan with my lips pressed close to his flesh.

Robert eases out of Sue, causing her breath to catch. Sue, after a strong orgasm, can't take much for a while. It means I have Robert to myself. Yummy!

Robert comes to my side of the bed as I climb off Sue's face. I kiss her and can taste myself then I'm focussed on my boyfriend.

He kisses the small of my back and I feel thick masculine fingers trace my sex. Where Sue's touch is gentle skill, knowing what to touch and how much because she is woman, Robert's is insistent, full of passion, made all the more exciting because of its unpredictability. To say he is rough would be a lie; he knows how to treat a woman's body. Gods Kate, does he know how to treat a woman's body. You missed out being his sister. Too bad for you!

Robert knows how to treat a woman. He is simply male. That is a fire I've missed for too long.

His fingers stroke my sex. I turn so I can kiss him and fondle his manhood, still slick with Sue's juices. My mouth is dry with a hunger only he can fill. I lower my lips to his penis. It stretches my mouth and I hear him moan as he caresses my back and hair. He reaches around and plays with my nipples. The roughness of his hands is such a turn on. How long I suck him I don't know, I get lost in the act. To cause such pleasure, I can't help but love it. Robert loves it too. He always talks to me when I do this, and his voice is as hot as the rest of him.

"My Jill, my love. My beautiful woman. You are passion. I love you. The feel of you. The taste of you. I wish to join with you, with both my loves. To caress you forever, to kiss and embrace you both. To love you both until the sun ceases to shine." Robert never swears or says vulgar things. He doesn't have to.

I'm pulled from my trance by the feeling of slender fingers probing my sex and soft kisses raining over my buttocks and back. Sue has recovered enough to join the play.

Robert gently lifts my body and kisses my lips. His eyes smoulder with passion, but in their green depths I also see love. He loves us as we love him and we love each other. It is perfect.

Robert kisses me again. I know what I want. I lay on my side and Robert holds me from behind, his broad chest pressed into my slender back, his strong arms holding and protecting me. I feel his penal head at my opening, and I push down onto it. His breath hisses in my ear as he kisses and nibbles the back of my neck. His hands caress my breasts as he gently loves me. Sue lays facing me and our lips meet. I feel Robert's arm shift from my breast so that he embraces Sue as well. He pulls her tight against me. Where we both know she belongs. Her breasts crush into mine. I can feel her nipples pressing into my skin as I feel Robert's penis driving into my vagina. No paradise of the spirit could hold anything sweeter than this.

Sue slips a hand to my slit and begins stroking my clitoris. This is my favourite position. The Jill sandwich. I can't believe I once thought I had to choose one or the other, man or woman. This is best. Robert's penis stretches me like nothing I've ever known. Perhaps if I'd known it could be like this I never would have given women a chance.

Yes I know, Bill. Let's just say his height wasn't the only thing that was short, and he didn't know what he was doing. Maybe it's for the best. I can't imagine not having Sue and Robert in our bed, in my life.

My man cradles me, keeps me safe from harm, loves me. My woman caresses me, comforts me, loves me. My body is alive. The passion is almost more than I can bear. I'm coming so fast it's like having one continues orgasm that lasts minutes. I lose track of time. Hands touch me. I move to caress Sue's breasts and find Robert's hand there. He moves and I feel his fingers play with my nipples and I touch her. Sue shifts, bringing her nipples to my mouth. I suck like a baby as Robert rides me. Robert kisses my neck, caresses my shoulders and cilt. Sue moves back down and toys with my cilt as she suckles me, then we kiss, soft and gentle. I turn my head and Robert kisses me, hard and masterful. His tongue drives against mine. Sue and Robert caress me. They are so different and so exciting. The feeling is incredible, and mostly the feeling is love.

I feel loved, Kate.

Robert groans and twitches within me. I have a final orgasm that leaves me panting. It's a good thing it's a cool night or the sheets would be soaked. Sue or Robert pulls the blanket over us. I snuggle into the warm bodies that sandwich me as Robert grows soft within me.

"I love you, Jill." He whispers into my ear then kisses my cheek.

He shifts and I look up to see him kissing Sue over my body. We all settle and I drift into sleep. Safe, warm, protected, and for the first time in my life, fulfilled. For the first time ever I don't feel like something's missing. I love my girlfriend, and I love my boyfriend, and they love me, and they love each other.

Maybe I'm not the confused and lonely girl I was in high school anymore. Maybe change, growth isn't what you expected from the woman who was your first serious lesbian relationship. Maybe having your ex-lover expand her horizons makes you uncomfortable, challenges your commitment to sexual extremism. Maybe you don't like the fact that I'm screwing your brother's brains out, but you hid it behind other things. Which is it Kate?

This is what and who I am! I've finally figured it out. I'm bisexual and I've been in love, no Kate not a crush, in love, with Robert since that first summer vacation after grade nine when he came back from university. I don't have to put myself in some self-imposed, self-limiting box, just because society thinks I should. I love Robert and Sue. We're all adults and the three of us are going to make a life together and nothing you say can change that.

So Kate, there you have it. You either accept that Robert is my boyfriend and we're in a triad relationship and that yes, I do like men, always did, I was just too stupid to admit it, and women, or that's it, our friendship is a memory. I won't go back to lying to myself to make you happy. I won't give up the two great loves of my life because they push my best friend's comfort zone.

Kate, you are still my best friend if you want to be, and I love you as my best friend. Robert and Sue are everything to me though. Please see that what I have is special. Please don't be jealous. Your brother never judged you like your parents, and you dropping him from your life hurt him. Write us, be our friend, be our sister.

So Kate, the balls in your court. Are we friends or are we just a memory?

Jill McNeill.