 She'd felt his attention waning from her attempts at conversation for the last hour and a half. He seemed distracted; almost disinterested and sighing she stared down at her drink idly stirring the fruity mixture.

It had been his idea to come out to this new bar. She liked the atmosphere well enough. The live band was great, but the place wasn't so crowded or smoky that she felt smothered. It was perfect. Well, it would have been had Tommy been able to stop staring at the brunette across the room. She felt that old familiar sensation that had been nagging her for weeks. This was the beginning of the end of her relationship with Tommy. He'd been distant and withdrawn lately and nothing was the same between them. Gone were the late night chats that flowed into the wee hours about their future together. He arrived home later and later from work each evening and greeted her with only a perfunctory peck on the cheek before retiring to his easy chair with his laptop computer to trade stocks while the sports channel droned on in the background.

To be fair, she hadn't exactly been "Miss Congeniality" lately. In the days before, she had always had a warm meal waiting on the table for him when he got home. But lately, her new web design business had really taken off so she spent more and more hours in her high tech home office brainstorming and pitching ideas to her new clients. Usually she lost all track of time and would work straight through the day only to look up in disbelief when Tommy finally came home. Then there would be sparse conversation about the events of their days followed shortly by the ever-increasing silence. She hated the silence. Even though there was nothing hostile in it, it grated on her nerves. She'd have rather had a heated argument once a day than have to endure this. But they seldom disagreed enough on anything for even an animate discussion. The old passion between them had evaporated from every aspect of their lives together. Their sex life had dwindled to nothing. She wondered if this was it…if this was all she was going to get out of life.

Turning slightly in her chair, she paused in her musings to steal a glance at Tommy's handsome profile. Thankfully, she noticed that he had turned his attention from the pretty girl to the live band and was keeping time with the music by lightly slapping his hand on his thigh. She tried to clear her head and enjoy the show, too, but suddenly she felt the hairs rise on the back of her neck as she became aware that someone was staring at her.

Shifting her eyes slightly to her left, she found herself locked in a gaze with the same girl that had commanded Tommy's attention earlier. The young woman smiled. Hesitatingly, she returned the smile halfheartedly and quickly looked away. Great. This woman had seen her husband staring at her all night and now she was going to gloat about it. She'd always been intimidated by those self-assured girls that knew heads turned whenever they entered the room. And this girl was lovely. Model-slim, tan, with lovely long black hair that almost reached her waist and hung in soft tumbling waves. That hair was held back from her face with a jeweled clip and she was clad in lavender velvet pants and halter top so tight that it was obvious she wore nothing underneath. Up until then she had felt comfortable in her conservative and slimming black silk floor length skirt and red silk blouse whose roominess hid the flaws in her figure. Now she suddenly felt self-conscious and sat up straighter in the barstool flattening her stomach and trying to appear less dumpy.

Tommy's voice interrupted her thoughts and squirming in her chair. "I'm gonna get another beer. Want anything?"

"Yeah. I could use a fresh one," she replied handing him her watered down drink. He smiled and walked towards the bar. She watched his backside as he strolled away from her and grinned. He looked so cute in those pants.

Suddenly a soft, husky voice in her ear startled her. "May I sit down?" 

She looked up to find herself again locked in a gaze with that girl. No. This was the last thing she wanted. Tommy was distracted enough. Now to have this creature at the same table as them was too much. But, she couldn't find discouraging words that weren't rude. "Um, sure," she replied and nodded slightly.

"I'm Jessica," said the pretty girl with a warm smile, extending her hand in greeting.

"Kandi," came the reply as she returned the gesture. Soft silky hands. Perfectly manicured nails. God. She curled her own fingers inward to hide the hangnails and cracked cuticles. Gazing over Jessica's shoulder she noted that Tommy was still waiting at the bar for the drinks. There was perhaps time for some polite chitchat then she could surely come up with an excuse to go join him, leaving this girl behind. 

"So, how do you like the band?" Jessica asked. She was reclining in the barstool with her elbows on the table, her back against it, and her legs crossed in front of her as she faced the stage. Her posture was languid, almost feline, and completely graceful. She seemed completely at ease. Kandi found her eyes drawn to Jessica's bare midsection, probably because of the sliver navel ring there and the ring of fire tattoo around her bellybutton. Kandi noticed despairingly that even in Jessica's somewhat slouched position, not a millimeter of excess flesh rolled over the waistband of her purple pants. Such a perfectly flat tummy. 

Kandi blinked her eyes several times and tore her eyes away from Jessica. She was suddenly disturbed by her preoccupation with this girl's looks. Kandi cleared her throat and answered. "Oh they're just wonderful. One of my favorite local acts. I remember when they first started out. They've really come a long way." Then she met Jessica's eyes again. Violet eyes. Never had she seen eyes that color. They almost matched the shade of the clinging velvet outfit Jessica wore. And long smoky lashes. Kandi felt her cheeks grow hot as she realized she was staring again. Shyly, she looked down at her hands. How many drinks had she had? Surely she was not blushing because of a woman. "Deep breaths," Kandi thought to herself. "This isn't happening. I mean it's never happened. There's no reason to get so worked up or nervous. She's a girl. You're a girl. This is girl talk. She's being friendly. Nothing more."

But when Kandi looked up at Jessica one more time, she saw a slow sexy smile spread over her full, pouty, rosy lips. Jessica put her hand on Kandi's thigh, leaned very close, and whispered, "Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?"

Kandi felt the warmth of Jessica's hand through the thin fabric of her skirt and a shock went through her body like lightning. Nervously, Kandi looked away and then towards Tommy, who was just now heading back to the table. He set her drink on a napkin directly in front of her and then peered curiously at Jessica. 

Jessica had removed her hand from Kandi's leg, but it was as if she had branded her with a hot iron so deeply did Kandi still feel her touch. She noticed Jessica hadn't taken her eyes off her. She acted as if she didn't even know that Tommy had approached them.

"Tommy, this is Jessica," Kandi offered. "Jessica, my husband Tommy."

Reluctantly, Jessica straightened in her chair and held her hand out for Tommy to take. "Pleasure to meet you, Tommy. I was just informing your wife that she is one of the most classically beautiful women I've ever seen."

Kandi's cheeks flamed red. She bowed her head and then looked sheepishly up at Tommy. He was looking at her in a very peculiar way. How curious he looked. And interested. She wondered…no he'd never go for it. "Yes Jessica. She is that. I'm afraid I don't tell her that often enough," he said.

Jessica stood up. "If you'll excuse me, I'm just going to visit the little girls room. Be right back." And after a long appraising look at Kandi, she sauntered off, the clinging velvet of her pants accentuating those narrow hips that swayed so enticingly.

Tommy grinned at Kandi. "Looks like you've got an admirer, honey."

Kandi blushed even deeper. She felt hot all over. Right then she wanted nothing more than to leave that place. Confusion overwhelmed her. She grabbed her purse and walked towards the door. Once outside in the cooler air, she fanned herself and leaned against the cold brick of the building. Tommy had followed her outside.

"Baby? You OK?" he inquired.

She nodded. He came to her and took her in his arms. She laid her head against the stiffness of his cotton shirt. She felt his lips on the top of her head. The she lifted her face to present him with a soft kiss. Then, with that kiss, it was as if all the occurrences of the last fifteen minutes overwhelmed her swiftly and sent a strong wave of heated passion through her limbs. She followed that kiss with another and yet another until she was devouring him. He returned every kiss with the same fervor as if she had infected him with her desire. Breathlessly he murmured, "Not here. Let's get home." 

As they stepped to the curb to hail an approaching taxi, a black stretch limousine pulled to a slow stop in front of the building. The back door opened and Kandi caught a glimpse of a lavender velvet clad figure beckoning to them with one index finger.

Without a word, Tommy and Kandi entered the vehicle. Before the door was even shut behind them, Kandi's mouth was on Jessica's, her fingers tugging at that jeweled clip holding those silken tresses captive. Kandi felt Tommy behind her, lifting her own chestnut locks away from her neck so that he might kiss her there. 

Jessica's mouth was soft, hot, succulent and sweet and her kisses were like fire. Kandi felt Jessica's hands traveling down the front of her silk blouse, deftly unbuttoning it even as she tugged on the strings of Jessica's halter top to free those firm breasts.

Tommy pulled Kandi's blouse off her arms and let his lips travel down her bare back as Kandi's mouth began to explore Jessica's taut nipples. Jessica's back arched and she gasped inwardly as Kandi kneaded one breast while teasing the other with the tip of her tongue. Tommy was grinding his hardening rod against the backs of Kandi's thighs as his hands hiked her skirt up to her waist. Jessica's hands were in Kandi's hair now and her lips were moving along her neck and shoulders. Kandi let her hands move down Jessica's torso over that flat tummy to tug at the waistband of those velvet pants. She pulled them over Jessica's ankles and tossed them away and then stared at the beauty before her.

Kandi nuzzled Jessica's silken thighs and trailed her tongue lightly up to and around the lips of that second mouth, teasingly. She wet one of her own fingers and slid it down the length of Jessica's wet, warm slit, and finally buried it inside her. Kandi heard the noise of Tommy's pants being unzipped and then she felt him thrust with great precision into her own hot canal of pleasure. She thrust her finger inside Jessica with the same surmounting speed and pressure of Tommy's poundings and then lowered her head to flick at Jessica's little engorged love button with the tip of her tongue. As Tommy's lovemaking grew fiercer, she slid one more and then another finger inside of Jessica and then took the little nub between her lips suckling determinedly.

Kandi could feel her climax approaching. The little cries from Jessica were driving her mad. And Tommy's grunts made well known his pleasure. The sounds from the three of them intertwined and filled her ears and mind until she was wild with their acts. She felt Jessica bucking against her mouth with both her hands on her head. Tommy's hands were gripping Kandi's hips as he bore into her. Then as if by some magical synchronization, all three of them tensed almost simultaneously and then cried out loudly at the force of their orgasms. 

Kandi felt Tommy's seed spurt into her even as she quivered against Jessica's spasms, moving to kiss her mouth as if to swallow her cries. They collapsed into a heap onto the bench of the back seat of the limo, all of them spent and pleasantly exhausted. They caressed one another softly. Then, reluctantly, they sat up and began dressing themselves and righting their appearances.

Tommy had mumbled the address to Jessica's driver once everyone was settled and decent and the glass had been lowered. In minutes, the limo pulled to a stop in front of Tommy's and Kandi's modest split level house. They climbed out of the limo, and Kandi bent to kiss Jessica goodbye. Then with a small wave, Jessica motioned for the driver to start away. 

Tommy and Kandi watched as the limo vanished down the street, then they silently made their way into the house. Silence again. But Kandi knew now, that somehow this silence wasn't the same. They were changed now somehow. And she just knew it was all going to work out fine.