 We're moving. I felt the plane rock as it backed away from the ramp and remembered thinking how quiet it was, until the jet engines came to life. With no other traffic departing or arriving at that hour it only took a second or two for the vibrations of flight to start passing through my seat as images of the past weekend began to overtake my thoughts.

I knew I would never be able to tell anyone about it, no one who knew me would believe me. True I had made some changes lately but nothing like this. This wasn't like anything I had ever done. It didn't seem real. It was really more like a story from one of those adult sites on the Internet, but it had been real and I had done it all.

I had to admit that when I turned 40, I went a little crazy with a lot of things in my life. An attractive tall blond with nice tits and a great set of legs, if I do say so myself, I'd been single for a couple of years. I didn't have a steady thing going with anybody at the time, and frankly I was a little board with my life.

I'm not sure, to this day, how I was talked into putting an ad on one of those personal sites on the Internet by a girlfriend of mine, but that's how I met Mark and Jan. They answered my ad and told me they also had some ads out and gave me some web addresses so I could check them out.   

They were, '"A wmc, 34 & 41, looking for another female for friendship first and we'll see later" ok so far I thought, lets see what happens next.

From our first E mail and IM conversation over the net we hit it off. Same ideas and opinions on work, relationships, money and sex among many other things. It was great and I looked forward to our chats every evening. As expected, we got around to the what do you look like questions and agreed to exchange photos.

I remember how nervous I was when the E mail arrived with the "download" attachment. What if they didn't look anything like the description given me, or he was allot older then he said or the whole thing was a joke or a trick of some kind, or , or, or, Hell with it, I downloaded the photos and looked. So far so good again, they looked even better then I had pictured.

The reply I got from them when they opened my photo was, "Is this really you? We don't believe it. If this is really you then you are beautiful." Guess they must have liked me to. That was soon followed by "this is our phone number and address, please call us or send us yours so we can call you." I thought about it for a second or two and then I called them.

Mark answered the phone with a deep soft South Texas cowboy type voice, you know, the butter melting kind, and I remember getting a little damp just listening to him say " Hi sweetheart, we're sure glad you called us." Then he put Jan on the line to talk to me. What a surprise, she sounded great too, had just looked at my photo and got very busy telling me how beautiful and sexy she and Mark thought I was.

You have to understand that I was not a swinger, had never considered having a sexual experience with someone watching me or with another woman under any conditions and was very surprised to find myself getting excited by looking at her photo and fantasizing about meeting them.

Our phone and net conversations continued for several weeks. As we got to know each other better I realized that every conversation was becoming more suggestive and sexy. We finally got to the point where we decided enough talk and suggestions, its time to get together.

Because we lived several hundred miles apart we decided to meet in a city located between us and they insisted on paying my air fare there and back. The plan was for them to drive in, so we would have transportation, get rooms for us and pick me up at the airport where we could have a drink and see each other for the first time. If everything looked good we had worked out some "go" signals. If not, we would just visit and I could catch the next flight home without having to leave the security of the terminal.

The Saturday arrived and I headed to the airport, boarded my flight and in less than an hour I was walking down the ramp and into the terminal. I recognized them the second I passed through the gate. They looked even better then their photos, what a relief, I was excited. Now the question was, will they like me? We all had a nice welcome hug and when Jans' tits pressed against mine I really got excited. It only took half my drink before I was sure and I found out later they hadn't needed a drink at all, they decided the second they saw me. Our secret singles became unnecessary, we just looked at each other, smiled and Mark ask, " Well ladies, what are we doing here?" We were off to the hotel.

Mark had done an excellent job picking rooms. We had beautiful adjoining executive suites in one of the best hotels in town. I was relaxed and tense, excited and scared, hot and nervous all at the same time, a real adrenaline rush was happening and I loved it.

I checked out my suite, put my makeup case on the vanity, checked myself over in the full length mirror, (I really did look sexy that day), took a couple of deep breaths and headed for the door that connected our suites. Ready or not here I cum, I thought as I entered Jan and Marks' room.

I was wearing a pair of black tie-on 4 inch spike heals and my sexiest open top sun dress. It was dark blue with white polkadots and showed enough of my tits and smooth tan legs to make guys pitch pup tints in their wranglers. I was hot and I knew it. My hair and nails looked great and my body was shaved, smoothed and tanned to perfection. I already knew I could turn Mark on, men are never any good at hiding it, but I wasn't sure at all about Jan. "Damn" I thought as I looked at her, she was delicious.

She, like me, was wearing a very sexy low cut sun dress but hers' was red and it framed her beautiful tits even better then mine. The other difference in our dresses was mine buttoned down the front from top to bottom and hers' had a zipper in back. We were two very sexy women, the kind men, and even some women, dream about but never could have together like this.

Mark looked good to. The expensive golf shirt was very sexy on him, as were the pair of just right Wranglers and beautiful peanut brittle colored ostrich boots with belt to match. He was 6 foot 1 or so, tan and in good shape, but not a mister America type mind you, just a very good looking normal man.

He was sitting in one of the big arm chairs in the front room of the suite and Jan was leaning on the bar. I looked at Jan and said," I'd like to get to know Mark a little better first, if that's ok with you." She smiled, nodded at me and said, "go get him girl." Why had I taken the lead in this deal, not like me at all. Oh well, I better go do what I just said I wanted to do.

I walked over to Mark, turned sideways and sat down on his lap, put my arms around his neck, leaned in and gave him the best, I want to fuck you bad big boy kiss I had. He was a great kisser. I felt his left hand move around to my side and his right hand firmly gripped the back of my neck as he gave me some deep, hot French. I sucked his tongue so he would know without a doubt what I had in mind next. If he can do this to my mouth I couldn't wait to see what he could do to my pussy. His tongue was not the only thing moving ether. I could feel his cock pulsing against my ass. It was harder then Algebra in the 3rd grade, and was starting to really move around under me.

As he kissed me I felt his left hand squeeze my right tit and then slip into my lap where he started pulling my dress up to expose my legs and black G string. He put his hand on my inner thigh, squeezed it a couple of times, pushed my legs apart and went straight for my pussy. I spread my legs for him, letting him explore where ever he wanted to. His fingers must have had a masters degree in nasty. They knew every way I wanted to be touched. I was wet, hot and really horny when I remembered Jan. "Oh shit", what was she doing? Was she watching Mark play nasty with me, I hoped so.. I let Mark have his way till I felt him start to slide a finger under my G string so he could get me flesh to flesh. I reached down, grabbed his wrist and whispered in his ear, " not yet babe. I'm going to suck you first." I slipped off his lap and got on my knees in front of him.

Jan moved over to the right side of the chair, smiled and nodded her approval as I began to run my hands over the pulsing mound in Marks' Wranglers. Pushing his legs apart, so I could move in between them, I unhooked his belt, unsnapped his jeans and pulled the zipper down. Not enough room I thought but I was going to have his dick and nothing was going to slow me down. I found the slit in Marks shorts and in less time then it takes to say, "Fuck, what a beautiful cock," I had it in my hand.

Seven and a half inches of thick, hard shaft with a perfect mushroom head. I squeezed it and licked a circle around the tip, slid my tongue down the base to his balls and sucked them, one at a time, into my mouth licking each as I sucked it in. I licked my way back to the top, paused for a second and rapidly flicked my tongue over the head until I felt it throb hard against my hand and then I sucked it fully into my mouth.

I was licking his shaft inside my mouth and moving up and down on him with slow direct motions so he could feel every lick and suck I gave him. I moved my left hand to his balls and started to gently squeeze and stroke them. I could feel the muscles in his ass contract every time I squeezed or sucked him. I was giving him the hottest, nastiest blowjob I could. I wanted to drink his hot cum.

With Marks' hard prick fucking my mouth, I looked up to see Jan striped out of her dress standing next to us in a red micro G string and red spike heals. She spread her legs and watched me suck Marks' dick while he kissed her tits and finger fucked her pussy. I wasn't ready but I came right then anyway, it was just too fucking hot. Like a scene out of a porno movie that I was in. In hell, I was the star, well the co-star anyway, with cum now running down my legs and all.

Something I forgot to tell you about me. Once I cum, no matter how, I want more till I cum again. I know lots of women that only cum once and they are finished for the night or week or worse yet they never cum at all, but not me. Most of the time I liked to have my pussy eaten and fingered until I cum then have a hard dick fuck me until I cum 2 or 3 or more times, the record was 17, rest for a while and sometimes do it all over again. My first orgasm is like an appetizer at dinner, it just makes me hungry for the main course.

I took one last suck on Marks' shaft and it made a popping sound as I released it from my mouth, like the sound of a cork leaving the neck of the wine bottle that had held it captive for years. He looked down to see why I had stopped sucking him but buy then I was up and stripping out of my black G string. I lifted my dress and spread my legs so they could look at my pussy. I watched Marks' fingers pump Jan as she licked her lips and looked at me.

Here I was, sucking a cock, nice as it was, and spreading my legs open for a couple I had just met in person less then an hour ago and I loved it. I could be as sexy, slutty or nasty as I wanted. My only concern was that Jan might get upset watching me suck and fuck Mark so I figured I needed to give her some attention too but first I had to ride him.

I climbed into the chair with him, spreading my legs open so I could straddle his cock. I felt it brush against my open lips and hard clit as I pulled my dress up so he could watch me suck his cock in with my pussy instead of my mouth.

Mark let out a low mown as I buried his shaft all the way to his balls inside my pussy. He finger fucked Jan as she watched me ride his hard dick. I put my left arm around her waist, pulled her closer to me and started playing with her tits. They were unbelievable, firm but soft with a small mound under each hard nipple like a round cushion supporting and displaying it for my pleasure. I sucked one into my mouth and flicked my tough over it like I had done to Marks' cock. I hadn't had it in my mouth more then ten seconds when I knew it was too much for Mark. His thick shaft jerked hard as he pumped his hot load into me.

One after another stream of hot cum shot up my cunt until it was running out all around his dick and down over his balls. Jan saw him cum and she went off to. I heard her say, " that's it babe ,fuck her, fuck her ass hard babe, make her pussy cum for me, make her cum right now!" She held on to the back of the chair with one hand and held Marks arm so he couldn't remove his fingers from her pussy, closed her eyes, let out a stream of the filthiest fucking sex language I have ever heard and pumped a load of pussy juice all over Marks hand which made him cum in me again.

I forced his cock into me as deep as I could, bucked back and fourth on it and let go of the biggest climax I ever had . I shivered, quaked and rode him until I shot every drop of cum I had all over his hard dick and balls.

Exhausted, I sat on him, feeling his hardon deflate inside me and letting the last of his cum drip out of my pussy all over his lap. I looked up at Jan and saw her smiling at me. She was standing beside us, her legs spread as if Marks' fingers were still working her over but now her G string was pulled aside exposing her full, ripe and very wet lips and clit to me. I couldn't take my eyes off her and for the first time in my life I had some idea of how a man must feel when he really wants pussy. I wanted to have her, and I wanted her to have me.

Marks' soft cock slipped out of me and I climbed off him holding my hand out to Jan. She took it, pulled me to her and kissed me. It was like fire and ice, my mouth on fire her tongue to put it out. Soft and hard she was fucking my mouth like it was my pussy with her tongue. I forced my tongue back into her mouth and she sucked it in running it all around inside her lips and licking under it when it was on top of her tongue. She licked outside my lips the same way and flicked my top lip like she was eating my pussy and licking my clit. I pulled away from her, bit my lower lip slightly, and lead her into the bed room. My pussy was throbbing so hard I could hardly walk and I was having very nasty thoughts about what I was going to do to her and what she was going to do to me.

She stood with her back to the end of the king sized bed. I faced her and kissed her soft wet mouth again as I pulled her G string off dropping it to the floor.

As I stepped back to unbutton my dress she spread her legs, moved her hand to her pussy and finger fucked herself for me. I only had to unbutton the first 6 or seven buttons and my dress hit the floor around my feet. I stepped out of the circle of white polkadots and let Jan take in my black lace covered tits and freshly fucked pussy. She opened her mouth slightly and licked her lips as I reached behind my back and unhooked my bra. I teased her for a second or two by holding it on after I unhooked it and then let it hit the floor on top of my dress. She made a small O with her lips and blew softly in my direction. I moved my hands down my body to the top of my pussy still dripping with Marks' cum, spread my legs open to match hers, circled my clit with my index finger, stroked my pussy lips and let her watch me finger fuck myself to. Just like looking in a mirror and watching yourself only better.

Mark, now completely nude, was leaning against the door jam. I invited him to come in and watch us from the chair next to the bed. He smiled, walked behind me running his hand across my firm ass as he went by and sat down.

I returned my attention to Jan. It was so nasty having her watch me finger fuck myself as I watched her do the same thing, I wanted to make her cum. I spread my legs wider and finger fucked my pussy for her and Mark. I could see she was getting really turned on watching me and Marks cock was hard again.

Jan was so hot and wet she couldn't keep her fingers in her cunt. I wanted my fingers in her so I moved over next to her, slid my hand in-between her hand and her spread legs and pushed 3 wet fingers into her hot tight box. I had never felt another pussy. No wonder men want this I thought as I finger fucked her soft wet pussy and stroked her hard clit. Her breath sucked in when I entered her and she pumped me like she was fucking Marks' hard cock. I wished I had been a man just then with about ten inches of thick hard prick ready to shove into her.

I began to finger and massaged her clit and pussy lips in slow circles, just the way I liked to have my pussy touched and when she seemed ready I pushed my fingers into her again and pumped her hard and fast. She was getting ready to cum, but I had other plans. I pulled my wet fingers out of her and whispered in her ear "lay down babe so I can eat you." She sat on the end of the bed and as I knelt in front of her she laid back, pulled her sexy long legs into the air and spread open for me.

I put my hands on her thighs, spread her wet lips open with my fingers and started eating her pussy. I stuck my tongue inside her as far as I could and licked her in a slow pulsing circle until she was moving her hips up and back to match.

Mark was stroking his hard cock as he watched me tongue fuck her so I motioned for him to get on the bed with us. He got up, moved to the bed and positioned his hard prick over Jans' face. She sucked it into her mouth. I felt my cunt contract to the point where I moved my right hand from Jans' thigh to my pussy and started fingering myself again. I watched her suck Mark until I knew I wasn't going to last much longer and I could feel Jan getting there to.

Mark pulled his gorged cock out of Jans' mouth, stroked it two or three times and shot a load of cum all over her tits. She quivered as he sprayed her chest and belly, then took his cock back into her mouth and sucked him dry. I shoved a finger deep into my cunt and unloaded as Jans' pussy bucked against me and pumped cum all over my face. She tasted so good I kept licking her till she stopped pumping her pussy into me. Mark collapsed next to Jan and I put my head down on her leg.

We rested for a while and then Mark ask, " Anyone for dinner?" Jan and I both nodded, got up and headed for the shower together, (another story for another time).

That was just the opening session of the weekend. You'll never believe what happen after dinner, dancing and drinks when the toys came out to play.