 We've been married quite a few years, and like most couples, we have been exploring new areas of our sexuality. One night, she asked me to tell her about fantasies I've had. I told her that like pretty-much every guy, one of my favorites was to have sex with two women at the same time. In fact, my favorite version of this fantasy involves walking in on two women who are in the throes of passionate sex and I join them, trying to "convert" them from lesbianism by showing them what they are missing.

Anyhow, she confided that one of her most exciting fantasies was also a threesome. Only in her version it was two guys. I suppose that seems pretty natural--the guy's version is with two women, while the girls version is with two men. I asked her if she thought she could ever actually go through with it. She confided that she would, as long as I was o.k. with it. I told her that as long as he kept it straight, it would be fun. You see, she's a very insatiable woman, and to see her turned on by being ravaged by two (or more) guys would be pretty exciting.

She asked if I had ever thought about having sex with another guy. I told her that, yes, I had thought about it from time to time, but never actually planned to go through with it. I asked her the same question about her and another woman, hoping maybe there might be a chance for us to hook up with another woman. She said that she didn't think she could ever do it with another woman.

Given her lead, I decided to use an internet service to explore the possibility of a threesome. Not surprisingly, posting an ad looking for another guy to add to a couple yielded a lot of responses. We began conversing by e-mail and exchanging pictures when we found a guy that sounded pretty good. We agreed to meet for dinner at a restaurant and take it from there.

When we met at dinner, Kurt was just as he presented himself in his e-mails. He was about my size and build--I'm 6'0" and 170 pounds with brown hair and blue eyes. His eyes were brown, and he had a better tan than I. Annie is a dirty blonde with blue eyes and a nicely shaped body with C-cup breasts. Though she's no size two fashion model, she looks good with curves. We had agreed on a signal to give each other if we decided to go ahead with plans, and having got that signal, we invited Kurt back to our place after dinner.

When we got home, Annie wasted no time taking the initiative, as she grabbed Kurt and pulled him in for a passionate kiss. I think this caught Kurt off guard a bit, as it seemed like he wasn't sure if this was o.k. for him to respond. When she grabbed his ass and pushed his pelvis into hers, he decided all was good and was soon pawing her ass with one hand while massaging a breast with the other.

Annie moved her hands from his ass to the front of his pants and unsnapped them and pulled down the zipper to free up some room for her to yank them down. I was getting pretty excited at her aggressive display and knew we were in for a night of some ground-breaking sex. She began rubbing his cock from over his underwear with one hand while she slipped the other hand inside from the backside so that she could grab his bare ass.

Kurt responded by working his hands under her sweater and quickly undid her bra. He managed to get her to free her hands long enough for him to pull off her sweater and bra, exposing her breasts, showing her nipples now totally erect. When they are fully hard, they stand about an inch tall and are just great to suck on.

Kurt leaned down and took one nipple into his mouth, something I would have enjoyed doing, but I stood back and watched. He must have worked some magic with his tongue because she seemed to be getting real turned on. She practically tore his underwear trying to yank them down. She grabbed his cock, which was already fully erect and about 6 inches long and started stroking it with a lustful passion. Meanwhile, he unsnapped her jeans and pulled them down along with her panties in one quick action. While she stroked his tool, he began playing with her pussy, stroking and fingering her. Though I couldn't see, I knew she was already very wet, as she gets wet pretty easily and she was very turned on by now.

I suggested we all go into the bedroom, and the broke apart briefly enough to head to the bedroom, shedding any remaining clothing along the way. Meanwhile, I followed, peeling off my own clothes as quickly as I could. When we got to the bedroom, Annie laid down on the bed on her back and began calling the shots. She told Kurt to straddle her face so that she could suck his cock and she told me to eat her out at the same time.

Kurt positioned himself with his cock toward her mouth and she eagerly took it in, sucking furiously. Having been the recipient of her award-winning blowjobs, I knew she would be starting with that really sensitive part near the head, to see how much ecstasy should could give before Kurt wouldn't be able to take it any longer. Meanwhile, I dove right in on her wet pussy and started jabbing my tongue into her like she was getting fucked. I like to stroke it up and down while inside her and then work my way to her click, tickling it and sucking it. I alternate between these usually until she begs me to get up and fuck her.

I could hear Kurt's moans getting more intense and she slowed down her pace, now working her tongue all up and down his shaft as well as taking him in her mouth in long sucking strokes. She alternated between licking his shaft and deep throating him until she must have figured he wasn't going to last much longer, because at once she stopped sucking him and ordered him to go sit down and cool off for a few minutes. Then she got up and told me to lie down on my back and proceeded to give me a blowjob in much the same way. She started by teasing my sensitive part. I can usually only take that for a minute before I feel like I have to thrust, so I started thrusting my cock into her mouth, forcing her to suck it and deep throat. She responded by sucking even harder, pushing her tongue into my cock so with that each thrust, it was teased even more. It wasn't long before I, too, couldn't take much more of that.

Sensing this, she had me slide down the bed some and she moved up and straddled my face and, lowering herself on me, ordered me to service her pussy. She directed exactly how she wanted it--from inserting my tongue into her waiting lips to stroking her clit with my tongue or taking her whole clit between my lips and sucking it into my mouth. I was enjoying the job as much as she was, and it was giving my cock a chance to cool down as well.

Annie told me to continue licking her clit and told Kurt to come over and finger her pussy at the same time. He climbed on the bed and straddled me behind her and began fingering her while I licked her clit. This got her going really well, as she was squirming around so much either of us had a hard time doing our job. She began yelling out, "Yes, yes!", "Do it! Lick it!" with an enthusiasm I hadn't seen in quite some time. Then she cried out, "Put it in me! Put it in me!", which meant that Kurt really needed to finger-fuck her like a madman.

He stopped for a minute and repositioned himself, before he started again. I continued a steady lapping along her clit while Kurt restarted his finger assault from within her. He was jabbing her hard enough now that she was getting pushed forward a little with each jab. This caused me to miss my mark and I noticed I had licked his finger. Each jab of his would cause me to lick his finger, and after about the fourth time, Kurt moaned. That's when I realized that it wasn't his finger, but his cock! Kurt was fucking Annie while I licked her clit, but I had slipped and licked his cock a little, too. I was a little shocked by my discovery as I had stopped to assess the situation when Annie demanded I return to servicing her clit.

I went back to licking her clit, taking care not to lick Kurt's cock while he continued fucking her from behind. With each thrust of his cock, my curiosity got the better of me, and I decided I would "accidentally" lick his cock again, to see what it was like. I moved my town down to her parted lips and jabbed my tongue upward as Kurt was starting his forward stroke. My tongue grazed his cock from nearly tip to base as he thrust it into her as I got a taste of her juices and perhaps a little of his pre-cum as well. He let out an audible moan that showed he liked it, so I repeated.

As he let out an, "Oh, yeah," I decided to just keep my tongue there for a few strokes. He moaned with each thrust, responding to the tickling my tongue was giving him as he plunged into my wife. On about the fourth or fifth stroke, his cock popped out of Annie and his thrust missed her pussy, going too low and the head of his cock pushed right into my unsuspecting mouth. I wasn't ready for that, and it seemed that it left my mouth as quickly as it came in, barely giving me a chance to see what it was like.

Kurt returned his cock to fucking Annie and I continued licking her clit. After a few of his strokes, I decided to make long strokes of my tongue reaching from her lips to her clit. This way I would tease Kurt's cock a little while servicing her. When I got to his cock, I would wiggle my tongue up and down, deliberately trying to tease him as well.

Soon, his cock fell out of her again, though this time I was sure it was no accident, because he pushed it well into my mouth. I wrapped my lips around the shaft and sucked on it as he continued thrusting in my mouth for several strokes until Annie yelled out, "Hey!", feeling a bit left out.

By this point, Kurt began alternating several thrusts in her and then several thrusts into my mouth as I eagerly explored this new sensation. The skin on his cock was quite soft and was actually quite nice to suck on. I tried to tease his cock with my tongue while he fucked my mouth. We alternated like this for quite some time before he began moaning more and more and finally announced he was going to cum.

Then he popped his cock out of Annie's pussy and fucked my mouth with a couple of more thrusts before I felt the first load of cum shoot. I hadn't thought about him cumming before it already started, but was now getting my first taste. Kurt continued fucking my mouth, shooting several blasts, moaning, "Oh, oh," "Oh, yeah" as he satisfied himself within me. When he slowed his thrusts, I instinctively swallowed and began sucking any remaining cum off his cock.

After about a minute, he pulled out of my mouth and collapsed on the bed. Annie, meanwhile, told me she needed to cum herself. She rolled over on her back and told me to fuck her until she came. I mounted her missionary style and she wrapped her legs around mine, locking me in so that I wouldn't go anywhere. She then grabbed me and french-kissed me, searching for any remnants of Kurt's cum with her tongue. I think maybe she had hoped I hadn't already swallowed it.

I started thrusting into her so hard that we were both literally bouncing on the bed. I was determined to give it to her so much that she wouldn't be able to walk the next day. As I drove my cock into her, she cried out so loud I thought the neighbors would be able to hear. No matter, I wasn't going to stop if she begged me.

I continued thrusting into her as fast as I could, feeling the sensation building up inside me, preparing for the moment. She started crying out as she was hit with wave after wave of her own sensational orgasm. I felt her pussy clench down on my cock even as I continued my thrusting frenzy. This was finally too much as it sent me to my own climax, and I began cumming what felt like the hardest I ever had, shooting into her over and over for what seemed like it could have been a minute.

Finally, we both collapsed, panting and sweating, totally drained and satisfied.