 "So you're saying you would have absolutely no problem with that?" I asked as I set my iced tea down on the table, completely shocked. 

"All I'm saying is that I think the female body is a beautiful thing," Marisa responded. "Why would making love to another woman bother me?" She paused a moment to gauge my response. "Besides," she began with a sexy little smile, "who says I haven't already done it?" 

"No way!" I blurted out in total amazement. "Who? When?" 

She paused a moment to take a bite of her sandwich. "Kelly," she finally responded. My look of utter surprise must have told her what I was thinking. "Well," she grinned innocently, "we have been roommates for three years now. It just kind of happened." 

"How does that just happen," I asked in mock horror. I was completely intrigued and more than a little turned on by this point. "I want to know exactly how it happened the first time." 

"Are you crazy," she whispered, "We're in the middle of a restaurant. What if someone overhears me?" 

"Oh come on," I said in annoyance. "You can't throw something like that out and then not finish. I'm just finding out my two best friends in the world are a couple of raging lesbians and you wanna clam up."

"We're not lesbians," Marisa giggled. "We both still like cock." She paused a moment and then conceded. "All right, I'll tell you, but not here." She grabbed my hand and stood up from the table. "Let's take a walk." 

It was a sunny day outside, gorgeous blue sky. The trees that lined the city street seemed very lush and green that day and I could not wait to hear this story. Marisa, who was always flirtatious and affectionate slipped her arm in mine as she got ready to tell her story. Marisa was short and hot as heck. She had the tightest body I'd ever seen and she loved to show it off with revealing pants that hugged her gorgeous figure, like the jeans she was wearing. Her brown curly hair just passed her shoulders and she had on a tight white halter top, that revealed her taut nipples. Imagining her in bed with Kelly was enough to get me off right there. 

Kelly had been my best friend for years and when she moved in with Marisa the three of us had quickly begun spending all our free time together. It had always been platonic, with just enough flirting between all of us to keep it interesting. Kelly was just as beautiful as Marisa but in a different way. Her face was angelic and she had long blonde hair that flowed down to her waist. She was plump, but not too heavy to make her any less appealing than her roommate. She had large, ample breasts that I'd admired for years. But she tended to dress more conservatively than Marisa, never showing you too much. 

"So you want to know about our first time, huh," Marisa asked as she looked into my eyes with that mischievous smile. Well, let me see . . ."

* * * *

Ever since we moved in together Marisa and I have always felt comfortable together. We always loved to hug and give each other massages, stuff like that. Just girly I suppose. But over the past few months we'd begun getting very comfortable with each other. First of all I loved to hug her. Feeling her breasts pressed up against mine made me feel all warm. And secondly Kelly used to be fairly shy about what she wore around the apartment but more and more often she began dressing like me. She'd run around in her panties and bra and think nothing of it. Pretty soon we'd begun dressing like that more often than not. We'd watch TV in our underwear, eat dinner like that, hell it felt so good being free we both started sleeping naked. And then I noticed that when Kelly got out of the shower she didn't always go right to her room anymore to get dressed. She'd walk around with the towel just barely covering her butt and even sit down on the couch with her legs apart so I could catch glimpses of her little pussy. 

Well I figured that if she didn't mind, I sure didn't. Then one night, about two weeks ago, everything changed. We were both lounging around on the couch, just chatting in our underwear. We both had our legs up on the couch and we were facing one another so our legs were all intertwined and stuff. We were chatting about the guys, or lack thereof, in our lives.

"God," I was complaining, "I really need to get laid, and soon. If I have to spend one more night using my fingers. . ." I trailed off as I caught Kelly's look. "What? Like you don't fuck yourself?" 

"No," Kelly responded. "It's not that, I just . . . well, we've never talked about masturbating with one another before." She paused a moment and then giggled. "Besides, I prefer my dildo to my fingers." 

"No shit, Kelly. We're sure as hell hot enough. If we don't get a couple good guys here soon we might as well start fucking each other." For emphasis I used my big toe to lightly rub her pussy through her panties. 

Kelly closed her eyes and moaned softly. "Ummmm. That feels so good I'm about ready to take you up on that offer." She opened her eyes and looked straight at me with just a hint of lust in her smile. I'm not sure whether I had meant it as an offer or not, but it was clear that she was more serious than kidding so I decided to play around and see just how serious Kelly was. 

"Who knows, maybe if my tits were as great as yours I could get some guys." I said with a envious grin. 

"Are you kidding, yours are so firm I bet guys love them."

"Yeah, but I think it would be more fun to play with yours. They look so big and soft." I paused for a moment. "Now you've got me all curious, can I feel yours." I asked innocently.

"Sure," she said as she stood up, "I've always wondered what it would be like to feel your hands on my body." I just smiled but didn't give anything away by a reply. I hopped up and stood very close to her. Then I lightly placed my hands on her chest and began massaging her breasts.

"Ummm, are you enjoying this as much as I am?" I asked sensuously. 

"Definitely," she answered. "But if you get to feel my tits I get to feel that great ass of yours." 

"Fair enough," I responded. I grabbed her hands and guided them slowly over my hips onto my butt. It felt so good being touched that way by her, she was rubbing and pulling me close to her. It just felt so sexual. Slowly I reached around her back and unfastened her bra. 

"You don't mind if I take this off you do you," I asked boldly. 

"Not if you don't mind this," she responded. Ever so gently she pushed her finger under the waistband of my panties and began to ease them down, over my thighs. At the same time I slipped her bra straps off of her shoulders and let the bra fall off, revealing too gorgeous tits, her nipples hard and straining. I began rubbing them vigorously as my panties fell to the floor and I stepped out of them, all the time feeling her soft little hands massaging my ass. 

"Oh God," I exclaimed as I stepped away from her. I let myself fall back onto the couch. "I'm so fucking horny right now . . . Kel, you mind if I just go ahead and masturbate right here." 

Kelly looked at me for a moment questioningly, as if to say, "Hey, I'm right here. Use me." Then a smile crept across her face.

"Heck no. In fact, I think I might join you. But first I need to go get something." She glanced for a moment at my crotch, enjoying the view of my nicely shaved slit. I eased my legs open a bit further, as if to invite her in. 

"I'll be right back," she exclaimed.

"God I want to eat her out," I thought to myself. I tore my bra off and then began rubbing my hands up and down my body, massaging my tits and rubbing my thighs, all the way up to my bush but never actually touching my lips. I was sopping wet by this time and some was dripping off onto the couch but I didn't even care. I just wanted Kelly to get back so she could watch me slip my finger into my hole.

"This is what I like," Kelly exclaimed as she walked back into the room. She held up a nine inch dildo and I almost came right then, imagining her shove that giant stick inside of herself.

"Hurry up and join me, sweetheart," I beckoned as I began to rub my clit. "This feels so damn good with you watching." 

Kelly shook off her panties so that I could see her beautiful cunt. She had wispy strands of golden pubic hair that just barely covered too bright, pink pussy lips. It looked a lot different than my own brown-haired bush and it was all I could do to keep from cupping her pussy right then, but we both wanted to play for a few more minutes before we actually admitted it was each other we wanted. 

Kelly sat down beside me on the couch, so close our hips were touching and then she nonchalantly rested her right hand on my leg. Slowly she began to use her other hand to rub her twat. She greased up very quickly and in no time she was reaching for the dildo. 

"Wow, this does feel even better when someone's with you," Kelly agreed. She licked her dildo up and down and then began rubbing it against the outside of her vagina. "Doesn't taste as good as a dick," she smiled, "but it sure does feel nice inside." 


I was dying to feel her hands on me so I asked innocently, "Kel, how do you get yourself to cream up so quickly?" 

"Here let me show you," she offered. Slowly she ran her hand up the inside of my thigh until her palm was resting on my wet mound. Ever so softly, almost imperceptibly she began stroking both of my lips with her fingers. It felt so good I wanted more, so I casually lifted my hips, trying not to let on how fucking good it felt to have her touch my slit. She got the message and began rubbing my clit, slowly at first but quickly working up to a furious pace. 

I was very quickly losing all inhibitions as I began to grind my hips against her hand. Suddenly she slid her hand down just a notch and slipped her middle finger into my hole. I gasped and sat motionless, shivering at how good it felt. 

"How does that feel Maris?" Kelly asked as if she was just giving me a regular back rub or something.

"Very, VERY good," is all I managed to utter. Kelly slipped her finger out of my dripping hole and grabbed the dildo she was working against her own twat. 

"Try this," she offered, "you'll like it even better." Seeing it's size I was about to protest, but then I realized I was so damn wet I could probably fuck a horse and it wouldn't hurt. Slowly, Kelly rubbed the end of it up and down my slit and then began to push it inside of me. Once again I gasped at the pleasure, but instead of sitting motionless I widened my legs and raised my hips slightly so she could push it all in. It felt so damn good and then Kelly began pumping it in and out of me. I began working my hips and before long my whole body was moving in rhythm with Kelly's thrusts of the dildo. I could feel the first waves of an orgasm coming and I didn't know what to do.

"Oh my God, Kelly, if you don't stop I think I'm gonna come!" I screamed out. She began to work it in and out even faster and I couldn't hold it off. I began screaming as I exploded. The juice began to pour out of me, coating our little fuck stick and Kelly's hand. Slowly she lessened the pace as I came back down. My whole body was covered in a thin film of sweat as I opened my eyes and looked at Kelly. She was dripping with sweat too and shaking from her own orgasm. I looked down at her crotch and realized I'd been finger fucking her the whole time I was coming. She opened her eyes and looked at me, just smiling. 

* * * *

We just sat there for a few minutes, panting from the fuck-fest until I finally asked, "Kelly have you ever kissed another girl." 

"No," she responded. "I've always wondered what it would be like." I looked deep into her eyes and then slowly leaned toward her, softly kissing her lips. I pulled back for a moment to see her response and she just smiled and leaned over to me, wrapping her arms around my waist. That was about all I could take. I wanted Kelly so bad I could taste it, and that's exactly what I planned to do. I pushed her so that she fell back on the couch and then practically tackled her, jumping on top of her and thrusting my tongue into her mouth. 

I loved kissing Kelly. Her lips were soft and warm, and she kept running her hands all over my body. She rubbed up and down my back and then my ass, pulling me tightly to her. Our legs were intertwined and I began pressing my leg firmly against her pussy as she moaned with pleasure. I pulled away from her mouth and began sucking her tits, furiously rubbing them as I flicked my tongue against her nipple. I loved the way it felt to be against her, our sweaty bodies clinging to one another out of pure sexual lust. 

"Oh God Marisa, I want to fuck you so bad!" she exclaimed in between moans.

"First, I get to taste you," I declared as I slid down her body, tracing a line with my tongue straight down to her hot snatch. Her pussy smelled so good, so feminine, and I was too horny to be gentle. I dove right in, forcing my tongue right into her fuck hole and tasting her warm, sweet syrup. She tasted so good, like sugar candy as I drank up her juice and lapped at her cunt. Her hips were undulating now as she spread her legs as far as they could possibly go, begging me to go deeper. She grabbed the back of my neck with both her hands and lifted her hips to my face as she begged me to eat her out completely. I buried my face in her flesh and then began licking her clit as I shoved all five fingers into her sopping wet pussy. The slurping sounds were so sexy and I could tell she wasn't gonna last much longer. 

I began to work my hand in and out even faster as her moans became louder and more insistent. Suddenly I felt her entire body tense up for a moment as she let loose on one of the most violent orgasms I ever witnessed. Her whole body began jerking spasmodically as wave after wave ripped through her. Her twat was twitching as gallons of juice dripped out of her, coating my chin and face. Slowly her screams of pleasure died down and she just lay still as I went back to gently licking her cunt. I continued that for a few more minutes as every once in a while she would just moan or make a little gasp that let me know it still felt extraordinary. Finally, I pulled away from her love box and climbed back on top of her, kissing her deeply so she could taste her own juices in my mouth. She hugged me tightly and stroked my back. 

"Oh thank you sweetheart, that felt so yummy," she said with love in her eyes. "But I really think I ought to return the favor. I want you to ride my face." I didn't need much coaxing. I spent another moment laying on her, just enjoying the feel of her soft body against mine, her milky breasts pressed against my own, and then I couldn't wait any longer. I climbed up and straddled her face. 

It felt so good to feel her working her mouth on my little cunt. She knew all the right places to lick and suck, and it just felt so sexy. It wasn't long before I was creaming all over her face, screaming in ecstasy as two giant orgasms tore through my body. She was bucking her own hips, as if fucking an invisible man and I wanted to taste her cummy snatch so bad I couldn't resist. As she continued tongue fucking me I leaned over and assumed a sixty-nine position, once again eating out the only pussy I had ever known. I grabbed the dildo and jammed it into her over and over again. She orgasmed quickly and powerfully as she continued devouring my own cunt, spanking me every few moments just to let me know she enjoyed the view of my ass and cunt right in her face. 

Slowly our fucking subsided as we both completely exhausted ourselves. After a few minutes I turned around and lay beside her, softly kissing her and roaming my hands all over her soft flesh. Her face was drenched in my own juices, and I gently licked her cheeks, loving the taste of my own cum.

"I love having you in my arms, Kel," I said affectionately. "I've never made love to someone with so much passion in my life." 

"I know, sweetheart," Kelly responded, "and just think, we have each other anytime we want." 

"If you can handle me," I said with a sexy grin. Something in her kiss told me she could.

* * * *

". . . and that's how it happened," Marisa finished. "-the first time anyway. We've made love everyday since then." She paused for a moment to look at me and try and decipher my expression. "Well, are you disgusted or accepting?" she asked in anticipation. 

"Are you kidding," I asked, trying not to let my voice crack. My face was hot, I was sure I was sweating, and the boner in my pants was more than apparent. "I don't think I've ever been more turned on in my life!" I declared, trying to hide my excitement with a fake laugh. 

"Really?" she replied, her voice carrying both relief and intrigue, "interesting you say that . . ." My head snapped to look at her. 

"What do you mean 'interesting'?" I asked, not allowing myself to believe what I was hoping for. 

"Well," Marisa responded, "it's just that your name happened to come up a couple times when Kel and I were in bed." She looked into my eyes and broke into a big, sexy grin.

"Came up in what way exactly?" I asked, my eyebrows raised in obvious interest.

"Well," she began, "it's just that this has been such a wonderful thing for Kelly and I, and we were good friends before, that we wonder if all three of us couldn't profit from . . . well . . . you know." 

"Hmmmm," I mused, trying not to come in my pants right there on the street. "Interesting idea, it's certainly something I wouldn't mind exploring." 

"Good," she said as she made an obvious glance at my crotch, "how about right now?" I smiled at her, in complete awe of my good fortune. 

"I've got the rest of the afternoon free," I said.

"You're gonna need it!"

* * * *

As soon as Marisa and I walked into the girls apartment my pecker began to stiffen up. I wasn't in the mood for much discussion and I don't think either of the girls were either. Kelly was sitting on the couch, wearing tight ash gray spandex shorts and an even tighter cut off T-shirt. Both articles of clothing made it abundantly clear that she wasn't wearing any underwear. The moment we walked in Kelly must have caught her roommate's gaze because she sat right up and began walking over to the two of us with a look of anticipation on her face. 

"Kelly," Marisa began, "the two of us were talking and it seems that he is just as excited about what we were discussing as we are." She wrapped her arms around me and affectionately began to massage my chest as Kelly got closer. 

"Ummm," Kelly moaned with obvious delight, "is that why these pants are looking so tight on you?" She rested her palm on my crotch and began to rub my dick through my jeans. "Maris, if this thing is as big as it feels we're both in for a very good time." Marisa just smiled as she lifted my shirt up over my head, sensuously rubbing my pectorals and gliding her hand over my tanned back muscles.

"You know I've been in love with you for years," I said to Kelly as I pulled her close to me.

"I know," she said with a look of absolute joy in her eyes, "me too." I leaned forward and kissed her passionately as we embraced. Her lips felt so warm and inviting as they naturally parted, allowing me to slip my tongue inside. She returned the same passion, darting her tongue in and out of my mouth as we explored one another's bodies with our hands. I slowly ran my hands from her back up her sides, cupping her breasts underneath her shirt as she arched her back in response and breathed in sharply. They were as soft as I had imagined and her nipples became two tight little buds as I gently ran my thumbs over their tips. She began rubbing my dick once again as she unbuttoned my jeans and then began to struggle with the zipper. 

Marisa, in the meantime, had run over to the couch and pulled out the hide-away bed. She began walking back toward us as I slipped my hands under Kelly's waistband and slowly slid her shorts off of her, sliding my hands all the way down her legs as I knelt down to in front of her. Marisa had been absolutely right. She had the most gorgeous pink pussy lips I had ever seen. And her cunt, oh my God it smelled so good. It was very musky and already beginning to cream up. I ran my hands back up her legs and began rubbing them over her ass as I just barely licked her pussy. She let out a loud moan as I began lapping at her cunt. At the same time, Marisa reached around from behind her and lifted her T-shirt off. Watching her begin to grope my best friends tits only served to excite me even more as I quickened my tonguing. 
