 I crawled into bed and lay under the covers on my stomach, wearing nothing but a pair of black lacy panties. I was about to open my book and wind down for the night, when he walked in. He peeled off my blankets and removed my panties with his teeth. I let out a small giggle of pleasure and surprise at the interruption.

I pushed a hand to his chest, forcing him to stand. Naked now, I maintained eye contact as I slowly unbuttoned and removed his shirt, then his pants. He now stood, smiling wryly, in only his boxers. I could see that he was hard, but I wasn't done yet.

I kissed his lips softly, then made my way down. Stopping to suck his neck for a moment before kissing down his chest. I heard him inhale roughly, I could feel his heartbeat quicken beneath my lips. My mouth soon approached his waist and I fell to my knees as I removed his boxers.

I looked up at him, and moving my long hair behind my shoulder, took his cock into my mouth. Moving one hand down to move against my clit, I felt how wet I was and let out a quiet groan of pleasure.

My other hand joined my mouth in caressing his cock. I licked him with long, slow twirls of my tongue. I knew he couldn't stand this for long. He pulled me up, grabbing my hips to lift me into the air. I wrapped my long legs around his waist as he threw me back onto the bed.

Before I could gain my bearings, he was inside of me. I felt at once the whole of his cock and gasped. He was thrusting into me now, hard enough to move me back and forth across the mattress. I squeezed him hard between my thighs.

He looked down as we fucked, watching his cock slowly exit and re-enter my wet pussy. The air reverberated with our moans, grunts, and sighs of pleasure.

We heard a knock on the door, and smiled at each other. We knew it was my roommate, she had heard our moans and wanted to join. We agreed and she positioned herself over my mouth. She was already wet with excitement.

It wasn't the first time she had joined us, and by now I knew what she liked. She was soon squirming and moaning in pleasure at the movements of my tongue. Between her moaning and his cock still thrusting inside me, I knew I was about to cum.

He leaned down and gently licked my nipples, knowing I was close and wanting to push me over the edge.

I came. Hard. My tongue ceased moving against her cunt as I moaned. As my body shook with pleasure, she leaned down and kissed me deeply. He continued to thrust gently inside me as he played with my breasts.

She reached down and fingered my wet clit, I moaned and came again. Harder this time. They kissed as I squirmed below them. 

He felt my body relax and moved down to lap up my juices as she resumed kissing me and began to play with my breasts herself.

I knew at this point that I couldn't take much more, and I really did have to get some sleep - so my roommate and I turned our attention to him. I wanted to get him off before the night was through.

She whispered in his ear, "What next, big boy?" I gripped his cock, gently stroking as we awaited instruction.

He lay back smiling for a moment, before telling us what he wanted. Then she positioned her wet cunt over his face as I slowly licked his cock. I teased him, taking just a bit in my mouth, then retreating, then taking a bit more...until he filled my mouth and throat.

I began to make long, slow movements, sucking him as I gripped his shaft in my right hand, twisting gently but firmly. I soon realized I was moaning on his dick, I wanted him - no - needed him inside me. So I grabbed his cock and slid it in, riding him slowly.

My breathing grew heavier and I moaned, I could feel how wet I was. I heard myself saying his name, over and over. He moaned into her pussy as his hands found my hips and gripped them hard.

She came on his face, mewing gently as we ground our hips together, totally in sync. My whole body is tingling, I can never get enough of him.

He let out a series of short moans, increasing in pitch, until her cum on his face made him fight to hold back a scream as he orgasmed. I felt his hot cum as he convulsed inside me and came with him, involuntarily. I fell into him, exhausted and utterly satisfied.

She kissed us both and went to take a shower. He smiled and kissed my forehead, and we fell asleep in each other's arms, his cum still dripping from my tired cunt.