 Sometimes the way things work out can make you smile. Recent events in my life came together to bring my husband and myself some unexpected pleasures.

I will start by introducing myself. My name is Addison Jeffries. I am 30 years of age, 5'10' and I've got long, wavy, auburn hair. I'm an attractive woman and slightly vain about my looks, so I work out daily and run and swim. I own a travel agency and can afford to dress in the latest, form-flattering fashions. I've been to many different places and on one such trip; I met Ron, my husband. He's from Canada and is 40 years of age. He's what every woman says she wants, tall, dark and handsome. The night we met, we went dancing. He moved so well on the dance floor, I was dying to know if he could move that well in bed. I found out the next morning. He sure could, he's got moves that porn actors would envy. I wasn't about to let this one get away and talked him into moving closer to me here in Chicago. He likes it here and says he finds the pulse of Chicago is close enough to Toronto that he feels at home.

Ron works as a business executive for a large computer software company. He is very, very good at his job which frustrates him to no end. You see, he absolutely hates his job. There is no creative freedom, it's just sales and work and long hours. He has always wanted to be a photographer. In fact, since living here in Chicago, he's thought that he'd like to take erotic photos and maybe live out his dream of working for Playboy. I encourage him to follow his dreams because he's a wonderful photographer with a terrific eye. I've let him take some cheesecake shots of me and if I do say so myself, I look damned hot in all of them. You all know the type. I wore schoolgirl outfits, French maids, the thigh-high boots with the stockings -- no nudes but naughty enough. The kind they publish in Curves magazine, another place where he would like to work. They're based in Canada and he actually got an interview with them. While he was away, a new neighbor moved in next door to us.

I have never been blown away by another human being, that is to say, until now. Nefertiti Nash is the kind of person that makes you take notice. She's an exotic looking beauty who is 25 years old and taller than I am at 5'11". She's got these beautiful sloe eyes and has dark chocolate skin, wavy dark hair and a smooth, sleek body. Those beautiful brown eyes that seem to look right through you and she is one of those people that are open and friendly. We liked each other right away and I invited her to coffee and that became lunch. We found ourselves talking and laughing until her husband came over to retrieve her. That put an end to it. As much as I liked Nefertiti, I did NOT like her husband. I found Kennedy Nash to be a nasty, controlling bastard. I think he sensed it too because he rarely said two words to me while his wife was saying her goodbyes. I watched the beautiful young woman walk away and I felt genuinely sorry for her. Such a beautiful creature as her with a manipulative prick like him. I wondered why she stayed married to such a monumental jackass.

Something else was going through my mind as well. I'd had these yearnings before but had never acted on them and pushed them down a bit. I found myself wondering what it would feel like to have sex with Nefertiti. I had long been attracted to other women and being well-traveled, I had encountered many bi-sexual girls in my time. I had been offered a few flings and gently rebuffed the offers. However, I knew that if Nefertiti even gave the slightest indication that she liked women, I'd have bedded her in an instant. I would have cheated on my husband and not felt any guilt. The attraction to her was that instantaneous and just that strong.

Beautiful women have always aroused me, Ron knows this. We own a lot of girl-girl films and I am openly flirty with other women. He's teased me about getting a model and watching us make love while filming it and I always fuck him blind when he suggests that. I am an unabashed cock slut with a curiosity about women. Still, nothing had ever happened. That was about to change.

Ron's interview went very well and they wanted some more photos from him. He now had an agent that guaranteed she could get him work. He just had to find some women to photograph. I don't know if it was in my subconscious or not, but I suggested he ask our new neighbor. "Wait until you see her, babe," I told him. "Cameras were almost invented to photograph women as hot as her."

"I was hoping you'd pose for me," he countered. "I'd love to see my wife's beautiful face and body in a magazine."

I shook my head. I didn't think I wanted that kind of celebrity. I know I'm attractive. I just didn't think modeling was right for me. I thought if Nefertiti and Ron clicked professionally, she might see that there were other ways of getting through life than by living with a rude, controlling idiot like Ken. I didn't know what she saw in him.

Over coffee a few days later, I found out. "I was eighteen and had nowhere to go, he was 30, handsome, successful and kind," she told me. "He gave me a place to live and back then, he was a tiger in the sack. He could fuck for hours ..." she giggled and continued "... but not anymore. Some of his business has gone south and he's so angry all of the time. I've done everything I can to keep myself beautiful for him and let him know I don't care about his money. It all falls on deaf ears."

I put my hands on top of hers in a consoling mode. I hoped I could do something to help; she didn't deserve to be sad. She was too nice and too beautiful. I told her about Ron's photography and that I had discussed her posing. She just shook her head. "I'm not as pretty as those magazine models," she insisted.

I told this gorgeous young woman that she was out of her mind. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen and I've been everywhere. I went to give her a quick kiss on the cheek but she turned her head and our lips met. I almost allowed myself to kiss her longer, I sure wanted to. I wasn't sure if she had just made an innocent move or if I was being told more was available if I wanted it. Fortunately, that decision was taken out of my hands. I had to go to work. I told her to think it over and I left. I was still shaking at the office and my staff noticed and asked if I was feeling okay. I was and I wasn't. I hoped Nefertiti would make the decision I longed for her to make.

On Saturday afternoon, she came over and told me that Ken would be out of town for a few weeks, starting Monday. She had given it a lot of thought and decided that he wasn't going to control every facet of her life. She thought posing for some nice, sexy pictures would be a lark. We decided on Monday evening and I called the office and let everyone know I'd be leaving early that day. No WAY was I missing this. I wanted to see how far she would take it. My libido was in overdrive. I fucked my husband's brains out Saturday and Sunday night and we had a quickie before I left for work on Monday. His cock got quite the workout. It's a good thing for me that I married a stallion.

Ron took Monday off from work and spent the day arranging his "studio", which was our bedroom. He got out his tripods and lights and everything he needed. He even had makeup ready in case Nefertiti needed any touch-ups. I knew she wouldn't. I already knew this woman was total perfection.

She came over about 5 PM and we had wine and appetizers. I'm still not sure who needed the wine to relax, myself or Nefertiti. I'll hedge my bets by saying me. She seemed calm and very flirty. If I didn't trust my husband completely, I would have been jealous.

"I think I'm ready to go now," Nefertiti said at around 7 PM. We both nodded and went upstairs. I could feel my heart beating through my chest. Ron gave her a few perfunctory instructions and she went into the bathroom to change. I know it was only five minutes but it seemed like an eternity. She had brought a small suitcase containing various outfits but wouldn't let us see them. She had wanted it to be "a surprise". I hate surprises, I snoop for all of my birthday and Christmas presents. This was far worse.

It was worth the wait. She came out in a white top hat, jacket, blouse and stockings with matching heels -- no pants! She was naked down below and I saw those long legs and that pouty, naked pussy for the first time. However I could swing it, I was going to be between those legs! She posed by the bed and on the bed and in a chair with her legs stretched out. I could hear Ron's camera click and whir and I did my best not to show how incredibly aroused I was.

"How am I doing, Addie?" Nefertiti called out. "Are these poses sexy?"

"Oh, yes," I managed to say; sure I was covering up how hot I was getting. "You look beautiful sweetheart, you're a natural." I was going to get copies of each photo and masturbate like crazy when Ron wasn't home. She was the sexiest black bitch these eyes had ever seen! I knew she was only an inch taller than I, but those legs of hers seemed to go on forever. That outfit was damned sexy, so perfect and white against the burnished chocolate perfection that was her skin. I knew if I reached down under my tiny skirt, I'd find myself soaked.

Ron indicated that he needed to change film and she nodded and went into the bathroom. Out she came in a leopard print thong, top and matching heels. She had tousled her hair a bit and they did some animal-themed shots. I wanted to tame that animal and make her mine! I wondered how my husband was handling this. After all, he was only human and this was a very sexy young lady he was photographing. I looked carefully and sure enough, he had a hard-on. I promised myself to fuck him hard again tonight. He deserved it!

Things changed with the final set. She came out in a black satin corset and thong, sheer hosiery with garters and suspenders and black stiletto heels. Unconsciously, I licked my lips. I know she saw it because she winked and the poses got more provocative. They went from Curves to Playboy to Hustler style kink. Ron never missed a beat. The gorgeous black bitch was teasing us both mercilessly and she knew it. I wanted to jump on top of her and lick her tits, pussy and even rim her gorgeous black ass if that's what she wanted! I wanted to experience a lesbian passion with our gorgeous neighbor and by now, I didn't care if my husband watched or not!

Nefertiti was playing a game of seduction. She smiled and looked at me. "Why don't you take some faux lesbian shots of Addie and me?" She asked Ron. "I think she should pose too and those would be a little kick for all of us, don't you think so Ronnie?" Ron wasn't wise to her game yet, but I sure was.

"I've asked Addison to pose erotically several times, but she won't do it," he answered.

"Wellll, as long as you promise me that it's only us who will ever see these," I smiled, getting out of my silk blouse and tiny black skirt as fast as I could without tipping my hand. I had worn my sexiest, frilliest peach-colored lingerie that night. Perhaps I sensed something might happen. I crawled into bed beside Nefertiti and I looked over at my husband's astonished face. 

Nefertiti smiled over at Ron. "Why don't you concentrate on taking some really sexy shots? I think Addie and I can pose for some very erotic photos, can't we baby?" She smiled at me with equal sweetness. I nodded at her and all pretexts were gone from both of our minds. We wanted to make it together and the photos would be a nice memento of our first time together as lovers.

It was I who touched her the first time, drawing her face close to mine for an open-mouthed kiss. I love Ron dearly, but this was the most erotic kiss of my life. Soft and probing, our lips met and I sucked on her sweet little tongue the way I had fantasized about for days. She whimpered a bit and offered no resistance as I tugged the corset down to reveal the delicate, smooth breasts. Like chocolate cupcakes that were begging to be devoured, so that's what I did. I licked them with open delight and heard her breath come in short, staccato bursts. I didn't know if I was her first female lover but I was damned sure going to be the best! 

"Oh darling, that feels so wonderful, I've never had anyone touch me like this before," she cried out over the whirs and snaps of my husband's camera. I managed to remove most of the corset and feasted on the dark beauty of her body. She was wiggling around the bed and I wasn't sure if these would make for good photos, but I no longer gave a damn. I was consumed with lust for this gorgeous creature and was incredibly turned on that my husband was capturing it for posterity! My mouth went down her body and she lifted her hips so that I could remove her thong. With no experience, I went down on that pouty, wine-lipped pussy and ate her for all I was worth. The gentle sighs turned to low moans and then erotic howls and hisses. She cried out for me to tongue-fuck her and that's just what I did, adding probing fingers as well. All the while, I knew my husband was watching and taking photo after photo.

"Harder baby, fuck this little bitch full out, I'm not fragile and I won't break," Nefertiti instructed me. That much I could see already. She was bucking and hunching back against my probing lips and fingers. By now, my husband had to know we were no longer just posing but having full-on sex. He didn't stop us, despite my sort-of betrayal of our marriage. I guessed he knew that this was something that I needed, bless his heart. I swung my body around so that my cunt was now above Nefertiti's gorgeous face. I lowered my pussy to her waiting lips and experienced the most blissful feelings I have ever known. Her tongue slithered into my groove and I felt myself gush on her waiting tongue. She knew what she was doing or at least, what she was doing with ME.

Nefertiti's body was flawless. I knew my husband would easily be able to sell the pictures he had taken of her and knew that these "private" ones of ours would have commanded top dollar, should I ever choose to allow him to release them. I wouldn't have. The lovely girl and I would be a beautiful, erotic memory for years to come, shared by only the three of us. Her mouth and hands moved all over my body and my back and spine and I felt chills all over. Nothing in life had ever compared to these exquisite feelings. It was torture of the most delicious kind.

We broke apart and I was a bit disappointed that we were done so early. I was so, so wrong about that.

"Would you mind ...?" Nefertiti nodded over in the direction of my husband. Ron had stopped shooting us while he made some adjustments to the camera. I looked at her and shook my head. Oh no, I didn't mind at all! We were about to undergo yet another new experience and I thrilled in anticipation. I laughed as I watched her drag him to the bed. Ron's eyes looked at mine and I nodded at him. I think that I wanted this even more than he did.

Nefertiti undressed him and it was so adorable, he almost looked embarrassed. She pushed him on to the bed between us. She smiled and reached for his cock through his boxers. "Oh fuck, he's bigger than Ken," she gasped. "He has the biggest fucking cock I've ever felt!" She fondled it in her hands for a minute or two and then tugged the boxers off while I nuzzled her neck. I wanted to be a part of it all. My new lover wrapped her full, velvet lips around my husband's mushroom-shaped cockhead and began to suck his cock. It was a tremendous thrill to watch this, to watch that gorgeous black face of hers sucking on my husband's thick shaft. I continued watching and played with my pussy while she took inch after inch of Ron's hardness into her waiting mouth. She knew what to do with a man's cock and I felt a bit sorry for her husband. I doubt he had ever experienced an evening like the one the three of us were enjoying. His slutty little wife was a sexy little fucking machine and all ours!

"Oh God, oh Christ, Addie baby, do you know what she's doing to me, what this feels like?" Ron gasped as the sexy bitch bobbed her eager head up and down on his cock. I nodded because I did know, all too well. I had experienced the smoldering sensuality she possessed and knew I had to experience more. I got behind her and while she was blowing my husband, I licked her ass and pussy constantly. It was so dirty and I loved every second of it. A new Addie had been unleashed that night and there would be no putting the cork back in the bottle!

"Fuck her baby," I hissed as I pulled away from our new lover. "Fuck the little cunt good, show her what I've been getting all of these years. Stuff her full of your cock and make her howl!" I told Ron.

"You too," she breathed dreamily. "Ride his face while he fucks me, I want us to kiss and play. Please Addie, please play with me, it's all so good," she sighed.

It was good and how could a girl refuse a request like that? I moved closer to her and we kissed as she mounted my husband. Her little pussy engulfed his cock and I could see it stretch apart as he entered her. I stroked the lips gently as she slid down on it and the two of us began to kiss. We made sure to be extra-noisy so that Ron could hear us. We wanted him to know how fired up we both were. Ron pumped her stuffed twat while the two of us continued making out. I hoped my stallion would have enough energy to do me next. I wanted him to fuck me from behind while I ate Nefertiti again. I simply could not get enough of her juices.

My heart was absolutely racing as I watched Ron's cock sluicing in and out of her cunt. I felt absolutely free, like there was no longer anything forbidden. I had the nastiest thought and I vowed I was going to make it happen. I wanted him to cum inside of her and then I would eat his spunk from her cunt. I was sure the mix would be delicious.

"Oh God Addie, you lucky bitch, he's making me cummmm!!!" Nefertiti squealed before her lovely face contorted in orgasm. I kissed her and told her she was welcome to fuck Ron any time she liked. He looked at me like I had gone nuts.

"Don't be an ass Ron, like you'd pass up an offer like that," I giggled as I got down on all fours. "Now fuck me too, you magnificent bastard while I eat this juicy little cunt. I know you can go for hours, so fuck me hard and don't stop even if I beg you!" He didn't, he fucked me steadily while he watched me loving up our new girlfriend. I knew by then that this would not be the last time we all mated. We rutted like the three magnificent beasts we were. Ron came in MY pussy and the nasty little bitch lived out MY fantasy first. She cleaned up every drop of cum from my pussy and shared some with me. I was right because it was very, very good.

Ron sold all the pictures he'd taken of Nefertiti and made triplicates of the ones of her and I. He even took a few photos of the three of us with the camera on automatic. It was the first of many nights of passion we three have shared.

Nefertiti has posed for Ron several times since and she's enticed some of her friends to pose for him too. He's behaved with the other girls although I've told him he doesn't have to. After all, it's only fair. Nefertiti and I get together almost every day before I go to work. My employees say they've never seen me smile this much.

Our beautiful girlfriend has saved up all of her money in an account only the three of us know about. We're going to take a Caribbean cruise this summer, I've arranged it and gotten us a very nice rate. Ken isn't coming and knows nothing about it, not yet anyway. Nefertiti says she is working to make him go to counseling. She wants to save their marriage if she can and believes he's worth redeeming. If not, she isn't going to waste time in filing for divorce. We've as much as told her she can come and live with us if she likes. When Ken is away, she does anyway.
