 When I was a junior in college, I had an experience with two senior girls I would never forget. I had never really been one to put in a lot of effort at school, but when Melanie asked me if I'd like to come to her place and study for our biology exam with her and Lauren, I said yes in a heartbeat. Both girls were good friends of mine, but of course this didn't stop me from ogling at them, or even fantasizing about them as I masturbated. They were both the type of girls that probably caused many a man to stroke his salami throughout the years. Melanie wore long, dirty-blonde hair, had large breasts and a perfectly shaped ass that turned quite a few heads when she wore skin tight jeans. Lauren was a sexy Korean girl, with straight black hair, medium sized breasts, a flat stomach, and an ass that was impossibly perfect. She'd been blessed with a great body, and she'd toned it even more through a strict yoga regiment. I would have gladly fucked either one of them, but neither had ever shown any interest in me. If nothing else, I decided to study with them just so I could be around and admire these lovely creatures.

When I showed up at Melanie's door, I immediately realized that I had made a good decision. Melanie was wearing skin tight yoga pants that beautifully accentuated her shapely ass, and a white tank top, that failed to hide her nipples, or the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Lauren looked no less sexy. Whereas Melanie looked like she was ready to crawl into bed, Lauren was dressed like she was about to go out for a night on the town. She'd obviously put a lot of effort into her makeup. Her lips were painted bright red, her eyelashes looked full, and she had on just a hint of eye-liner that made her eyes even more seductive than usual. She was also dressed to impress. She wore a loose fitting, neckless blouse that exposed her bra straps, and her ass and pussy were covered by a slim pair of low riding jeans.

We wound up studying for about two hours before retreating to the couch to watch some T.V. and drink margaritas. The show we were watching was pretty shitty, and I didn't really start paying attention until it got to a scene where a guy and two girls began having a threesome. The three of us had pretty much been talking the entire time until this scene began. It caused us all to pause for a second, as we took it all in. Melanie was the first to resume talking. "I'm surprised they can actually show a threesome on T.V."

"There's still no nudity, though," Lauren commented.

We watched in silence for a few more seconds before Melanie resumed talking. "I wonder what that would be like. It must be so weird. Have either of you guys ever been in a threesome?"

Lauren responded first. "No. I don't think I could do it."

I was becoming extremely aroused by their conversation, but at the same time it was causing me to blush. "I can't say I've ever been in one," I said before adding a forced chuckle.

Once more we returned to silence as the scene continued to get even steamier. The combination of the scene and the conversation had caused a large bulge to form in my jeans. I wanted to reach for a pillow to hide it, but the girls were sitting on both sides of me on the couch, so there was no smooth way to go about the old pillow move. As obvious as my hard-on looked to me, the girls didn't seem to notice it at all, much to my relief. It turned out they were too fixated on the T.V. to see the outline of my engorged cock pressed against my pants. When the scene finally ended, it was Melanie who once again broke the silence. "I think that could be kind of fun," she paused. "If the circumstances were right."

Lauren responded. "I'm not so sure. What would the right circumstances be?"

I continued to sit there with a sheepish grin on my face as Melanie answered, "I'm not exactly sure. I don't think I'd want to have one with complete strangers. I'd feel more comfortable if it was with people I knew. And I would definitely want to do it with another girl. One man is enough for me."

"There's no way I would have a threesome with complete strangers," Lauren said. "I guess I'd prefer doing it with people I knew, but it would still be pretty awkward. I guess the best situation would be people I know, but not too well."

"You might be right. What about you, Mike? Would you do it?"

I must've been red as a beat. "Uh, well...yeah. I mean, it's kind of every guy's fantasy to have a threesome."

"Really?" Melanie said, sounding surprised.

"Um...yeah. I mean, it's something every guy fantasizes about, but I could see it being one of those things that's better in your imagination than it is in real life."

Melanie smiled at me coyly. "Have you ever thought about being with two girls while you masturbated."

I was so embarrassed I wanted to climb into a hole. "Uh...I'm not going to answer that."

"I've thought about it before," Melanie said as she twirled her hair. "I think it would be even better in real life than it is in my imagination."

Lauren chimed in. "I had a threesome once in my dream. I'll admit I woke up pretty wet, but it's not like you can control your dreams."

"Sometimes I think we should pay more attention to our dreams," Melanie said, right before planting a kiss on my neck that sent chills running down my spine.

"What are you doing?" Lauren asked.

"The show got boring again. Besides, the circumstances feel right. Don't you think so, Mike?"

This time Melanie planted several kisses on my neck before making her way up to my lips, all the while running her sensuous fingers through my hair. "Uh...yeah, I'm down. I guess."

"Come on Lauren, Mike thinks it's a good idea."

"Of course he thinks it's a good idea. He's a dude. They think with their head, but not the one on their shoulders."

"Haven't you always wanted to make someone's fantasy come true? And I know you think he's cute. You've told me before."

"Well, I don't exactly sleep with every guy I think is cute, and I certainly don't have threesomes with them."

Melanie lightly licked the inside of my ear. "It's not like we all have to fuck, or something like that. Let's just make-out and have some fun," she said as she reached across me to stroke Lauren's hair.

Lauren was still hesitant. "Do you mind if I pour another drink first?"

"Sure, sure. You know where to find us."

Melanie then climbed on my lap I started kissing me some more. Lauren came back in the room holding a margarita as we continued to make-out. Just knowing Lauren was watching was a major turn-on. The thought of her actually joining in was too much for me to even process. I was still hard as could be, and my wood wasn't going to subside any time soon with Melanie grinding her ass back and forth over my lap. The yoga pants made it feel like she was wearing nothing at all. She was hitting all the right switches. While she gyrated over my cock, she rubbed her hands all over my muscular torso, eventually removing my shirt to spice things up. "Look what a hot bod he has," she said to Lauren as she tossed my shirt to the floor. "I think it's time you got in on this."

Lauren finished her margarita, and casually strolled over to the couch. She took a seat right next to Melanie and I, and looked at the floor, like she was pondering what to do. Melanie offered some encouragement. "How about we kiss first. It's not like we haven't done it before."

"We were definitely much drunker that last time," Lauren responded.

Melanie traced her hand over Lauren's lips, and parted her own. She leaned in, and the two started twirling tongues, while Melanie continued to caress me. By now I was running my hands all over Melanie's fine behind, and had even become bold enough to start tugging on her thong. However, I was still feeling much to bashful to even lay a hand on Lauren, although I could tell she was starting to really enjoy rubbing her tongue over Melanie's hot lips. 

For as much as Lauren seemed to be enjoying things, Melanie was so turned on that she was even moaning slightly. In the throes of passion she took off her white tank top, and threw it across the room, exposing her massive melons. "Holy shit!" I inadvertently yelled out.

Melanie laughed and said, "Don't be shy about playing with them," before she resumed making out with Lauren. 

My hands immediately shot up to her nipples, and it wasn't long before my mouth was up there too. I kneaded her right breast with my hand, all the while kissing and biting the left one. This went on for a few minutes before Melanie carefully removed my head and pushed it back. Almost as if it had been rehearsed, Lauren took this opportunity to plant a wet kiss on my lips. We started gently kissing each other while Melanie hopped off my lap. Lauren was a great kisser, but it was hard for me to concentrate on that once I felt Melanie's hands playing with my nipples, before sliding them along my stomach. She continued to slide her right hand lower and lower until it was under my pants. Right before she got to my cock, she removed her hand and placed it on top of my jeans. She slid her hand all over my thighs before finally settling right over my crotch. She preceded to give me an over the pants handjob while Lauren sucked on my neck. "Does it feel good, baby?" she asked.

"Oh, yeah."

"Now tell me how this feels," she said while sliding her hand down my pants.

"Ohhh," I moaned. "I like that."

She ran her slender fingers up and down my shaft. Lauren even took off her blouse, to reveal a leopard print bra holding her gravity-defying tits. This move surprised both me and Melanie. "Well, if Lauren's stripping down, I guess it's time to get naked."

I assumed she meant that she was going to get nude, but instead of doing that, she undid my belt and shimmied my pants down my legs. My dick literally came springing out. "You need to be more careful with that thing," Melanie joked.

As she lovingly stroked my penis, Melanie planted a trail of kisses up my body until she reached my ear. She licked the inside of it, and nibbled on the lobe before whispering, "Do you like the way I touch you?"

I had to stop making out with Lauren for a second to answer. "I love it."

"I want you in my mouth. Would you like a blowjob?"

"Um...yeah," I croaked.

I resumed necking with Lauren, as Melanie went all the way back down my body, planting kisses on all the most sensitive parts until she reached my balls. She playfully tugged on my sack with her teeth, and then started kissing them gingerly. She did this for several seconds before focusing her attention on my penis, gently massaging it with her luscious, wet lips. She spent a full minute popping my helmet in and out of her soft lips, sweetly coating it with her saliva. My hand found my way to her head, and as soon as it did, she took the length of my shaft into her mouth. This got Lauren't attention. "Damn girl! Looks like you've given head a few times before."

It turned out Melanie hadn't even brought on her A game yet. Lauren's comment spurred her to start rapidly going up and down my penis, like she was bobbing for apples. Lauren got in on the action too, by cupping my balls and helping feed my dick to Melanie. I knew it was something most girls couldn't stand, but I couldn't help but start thrusting my hips to fuck Melanie's pretty face. Whenever I do this, I thrust gently so the woman pleasuring me can swallow my large cock without too much trouble, and yet most girls still have trouble handling my thickness. Melanie, on the other hand, had no problem fully engulfing the mother fucker. 

After sucking my dick like a true champion, Melanie finally paused to catch her breath. "Most guys can't handle my head. I'm surprised you haven't cum."

"I guess I'm just lucky."

"Of course you're lucky! You're getting your dick sucked by two girls."

"That's not true," said Lauren. "Now he's getting his dick sucked by two girls," she said right before climbing off the couch and down onto her knees. 

Lauren obviously didn't have as much experience fellatiating guys as Melanie, but she still knew what she was doing. Her technique was much different. Instead of sucking the little guy with gusto like Melanie, she methodically licked and kissed my lucky, lucky penis making sure every last inch of my cock got to feel the sensations of her sexy, Asian mouth. Meanwhile Melanie had taken off her yoga pants. Underneath she had on a tiny white g-string. It was a little too small for her shapely ass, and sat right on the top of her butt cheeks instead of above them. She straddled me once more, giving me ample opportunity to slap her ass around. She didn't so much kiss my lips as bite my neck, and play with my ears. Just the feel of her breath on my ears was enough to make me shudder, but what really revved me up was that she kept whispering naughty messages. I had always thought of Melanie as kind of a goody two shoes who only really cared about school, and I was pretty shocked to learn what a sex fiend she was. While Lauren licked the pre-cum out of my slit Melanie whispered in my ear, "Do you like the way your dick feels in her mouth?"

"It's the greatest," I responded.

"So you saying it's better than my head?" she asked.

"No I didn't mean that. I...I just can't think straight right now."

"Tell me if this feels better," she said before crawling down to her knees. 

Lauren took my cock out of her mouth, grabbed the bottom of my shaft, and pressed the head up on Melanie's closed lips. Melanie kissed my mushroom tip several times, and Lauren stood up to take off her jeans. She was so kind as to turn away from me, so I could see her ass as her jeans came sliding off. Her matching leopard print thong was certainly more conservative than Melanie's g-string, but it was just as sexy. She bent over and wiggled her ass around for my amusement, and I showed my appreciation by giving her a light spanking. "Who knew you were so naughty?" she said. "I guess even the nice guys are secretly perverts."

All I could do was grin, as Lauren got back down on her knees. Melanie removed her lips from my cock and started french kissing Lauren. They were doing this a mere centimeters away from my fully engorged penis, and occasionally their tongues would even make brief contact with it. As the kissing went on, they started "accidentally" licking my penis more and more frequently, eventually focusing all their attention on it. They wound up bumping heads a few times before Lauren asked Melanie, "How exactly should we do this?"

"How about you blow just the tip, and I'll work the rest of his dick and balls."

"Like this?" Lauren asked as she popped my penis back in her mouth.

"Exactly. You must be loving this, Mike. Having two girls decide how to best suck your dick."

"I'm not complaining."

Never in my life did I imagine I would actually know the feeling of having two girls make oral love to my dick at the same time. Somehow having two girls worshipping my cock was an even better experience than I imagined it would be. They kept this up for several minutes until Melanie said, "Let's move to my room. I'm ready to fuck."

Lauren was hesitant. "I think I've had enough fun for the night. Why don't two of you just enjoy the rest of the evening."

My heart sunk before Melanie responded, "What else do you have to do? If you don't want to fuck, you can at least watch."

"I don't know."

"Come on. Don't tell me you don't want to ride that hard dick. I'm not sure I've ever felt one as hard as this. You were blessed with such a nice dick," she said before kissing it.

"I guess I'll see what happens," Lauren said, and the three of us made our way to the bedroom, with Melanie leading me there by my cock.

As soon as we got inside, Melanie slammed the door and threw me down on the bed. She bent over and asked Lauren to pull off her panties, and Lauren obliged. I was holding my cock in my hand like a sword when Melanie climbed on top of me. I had no trouble inserting my dick in Melanie's slippery pussy as she rode me cowgirl style. Not only was Melanie blessed with ass, but she knew how to use it. She rode me up and down, front and back, and even swirled around my cock in a circle. At first Lauren was content to just watch, but before long she'd taken off her bra and crawled in bed next to me. She tenderly kissed me and played with my hair. I was being fucked by Melanie, but was making eye-contact and smiling at Lauren. Without any sort of warning, Melanie pushed Lauren's panties to the side and stuck two fingers in her cunt. The surprise made her jump a little, but she enjoyed it, and breathed heavy with pleasure. 

Melanie's magic fingers got Lauren in the mood. She smiled suggestively at me. "I'm ready for you."

Melanie heard Lauren's words, but she didn't hop off my cock immediately. Instead she started frantically riding my cock every which direction, to the point where she brought herself to orgasm. As her body convulsed on my rod, I had to think about baseball stats to avoid cumming myself. Once my penis was removed from Melanie's talented pussy, I rolled over and spooned Lauren. I kissed her neck and shoulder blades to distract her while I pulled off her thong and slipped my cock into her tight snatch. Lauren had a tremendous physique with no body fat to speak of, and the tightly cushioned flower of a virgin. It was as though her pussy was forming a vacuum seal around my dick. I barely had to thrust at all to hit her g-spot. It only took one minute of me slowly penetrating her before Lauren had her first orgasm. I was tremendously proud of myself for making two girls orgasm in one night, and the evening wasn't even over yet. We continued to fuck in this position for about ten minutes while Melanie lie on the other side of me, massaging my back with one hand, and my balls with the other.

Once she was used to my girth, I had started fucking Lauren a little harder, and at one point I accidentally slipped out. Lauren took this opportunity to climb up on her hands and knees. She grabbed my cock, and placed it back in her inviting snatch. I had come very close to busting my nut several times already, but fucking this Oriental sex goddess doggystyle pushed me to my limit after less than a minute. "I'm going to cum," I groaned.

"You better not," Lauren said. "I want you inside of me again."

If I had waited one second longer, I would have erupted, but as luck would have it I pulled out of Lauren's pussy in the nick of time. My cock kept pulsating, and a tiny bit of cum dribbled out, but I avoided having an orgasm. Melanie got down right on her hands and knees next to Lauren, and the two of them started kissing. I badly wanted to feel the tremendous warmth of her pussy again, but I didn't penetrate her right away because I was sure I would've busted immediately upon entering. Instead I took turns biting and playing with both girls' asses while they traded kisses. I had less than a minute of recovery time before Melanie reached back and started stroking me. This alone almost made me cum. Next she pushed my dick up against her pussy, sliding the head of it over her clit. Finally she guided my cock inside her. Knowing I had nothing to lose, I thrust into her as hard and deep as I could. I got about ten good thrusts in before I could feel the seamen rising in my balls. I pulled out and yelled, "I'm cumming!"

Wasting no time, I hopped off the bed and pressed my cock up against Melanie's mouth. She wrapped her lips around my penis right as the first load came gushing out. She held me in her mouth while Lauren tickled my balls with her tongue. After swallowing my first large spurts of cum, Melanie took her mouth off my dick so that Lauren could taste it. The girls simultaneously licked my dick with gentle passion. They continued doing this until every last drop of cum had been lapped up, after which they made out with each other. As they kissed, Lauren massage my cock with her hand, while Melanie softly tickled my balls. My penis was extremely sensitive, and their pleasuring hands caused me to have convulsions.
