 Feeling sexually frustrated and needing a release, I accepted Brandon’s proposal of joining him and his girlfriend in a nightlong fuck fest. Threesomes always turn me on, mostly because they tend to lead to freaky, kinky sex. 

Tina, the girlfriend, has a pretty face that includes a set of blue eyes, a small, delicate nose, and full lips. Her body is on the skinnier side, which I do not particularly care for. I like to have meat on my girls as voluptuous curves turn me on. Seconds after walking into the bedroom, I find myself assaulted by Tina’s thin fingers, tanned from frequent weekends spent lying out in the sun. Touching my large breasts, huge areolas of light pink with nipples standing firmly up, through the flimsy dress covering the curves of body, she makes a point to grab the large cheeks of flesh known as my ass, as well as lightly rubbing between the lips of my pussy.

The night begins as Tina and I undress one another, followed by a course of lip-smacking, cock hardening, pussy eating. Naturally assuming the sixty-nine position, I climb on top and stoop down to put her pussy at eye level, sniffing the anticipation seeping past Tina’s lower lips. We both make a point to lick up all the sweet juices originally escaping our hungry mouths. Little time is required for a sheer film of Tina’s lubrication to coat my chin; it tastes unusually delightful, a mix of strong musk and animalistic sex hormones. Not succeeding in causing a climax in me, Tina’s cunt lapping skills need work but they do at least send pleasurable sensations from the clit to the pit of my stomach. I, on the other hand, make her squirm about and squeeze her legs tightly against my head, digging her nails into my ass as an orgasm pulsates through her body. Until the jerks of the body cease, I continue sucking her clit, teasing cum out of Tina’s little cunt. Brandon, who watched the show from a chair across the room, decidedly feels we are each pussy satisfied and barks at Tina, “Slut, come here and suck my cock this instant!” 

On all fours, Tina crawls off the bed and to Brandon’s cock, which is standing up from the naked flesh of his body, ready for a tongue bath. First licking the head, she colors the smooth surface with saliva, then traces the underside with the tip of her tongue; satisfied, she pauses in front of her lover’s crotch, stares for a few short seconds, and then extends her mouth as wide as possible, swallowing the cock in one swift motion. With lips wrapped around the base of the cock, Tina badgers the swollen penis with every jerk of her head or swirl of tongue, causing Brandon to groan loudly in appreciation. The sight of their pleasure—she enjoying his cock, he enthralled in the blowjob—taunts the twitching pussy between my legs, which begs for more attention. I decide to enhance the orgasm Brandon is quickly approaching by assuming a position behind him, sitting on my knees. One hand rubbing the clit sparking pleasant waves of feeling in my stomach and cunt, I push the other through the space between Brandon’s legs, quickly reaching my goal–his balls. Tugging slightly, I massage them, sometimes even pushing the heavy sacs toward his cock base. The combined sensation of a blowjob and my ball massage, Brandon’s pelvis rapidly fucks Tina’s mouth as he loudly announces he is about to cum. Taking only some of the load in her mouth, Tina pops his cock out to request he blow the rest on her face. A few long streams of sperm squirt out, gleaming against her skin, and turn Tina into the portrait of a slut. 

Too irresistible to pass up, I scoot beside Tina and rub the cum all over her face, allowing two fingers into that hot mouth of hers, which sucks them dry. We instinctively push our lips together, I sucking her tongue like a hard cock, while parting her knees with my free hand. Naturally, her pussy is slick with juicy and radiates the warm temperature of a bitch in heat. Adding two fingers, plunging them deep inside her cunt, illicit a moan stiff led by my mouth as we continue kissing. Brandon, refusing exclusion, joins our party of two by instructing me onto all fours, hovering above Tina without breaking concentration of pussy play though I refocus my mouth on her nipples. Without warning, Brandon plunges his cock deep into my dripping cunt, which forces a clamp down of teeth on Tina’s nipple. A yelp escapes her mouth, though she quickly recovers and moans that the pain excites her. Meanwhile, I relish the sensation of cock pounding my cunt, also enjoying the spanking Brandon bestows upon me. Hormones flaring, I suddenly want nothing more than the cunt only inches from my face; giving Tina directions to slide backward, it conveniently positions and spreads before my eyes. With juices covering the area of my face, I burry it deep as I lick and suck the pink skin of her cunt, lapping with the rhythm of the cock banging roughly in and out of me. Feeling muscles tense up—hers, his and mine—we work fast push past the edges of climax, simply dying for the release of it. A few hard slaps on the ass, couple long licks of the cunt, and three speedy strokes of cock push us three into the realm of exhaust and satisfying orgasm.

That, of course, was only the first round.