 I had just returned back to the US from a two-year ex-pat assignment to an Asian country. The company had treated me well - US salary, plus all expenses paid. I lived like a king. 

And, the women in the country are absolutely stunning. While outwardly demure, once you got to know them well, they were very willing to enjoy life, going as far as you want to take them. I soon discovered that married women were the perfect partners - as they had no threat of losing anything. Virginity is still valued very heavily in that culture, so I stayed away from the unmarried ones.

One of my assistants at the office was a perfect example of these ladies. Her husband was a senior executive at an American company. They were well to do, and she worked just for fun and company. While she worked with me, I kept a professional attitude and distance. I worked for an American company and knew what the policies and sanctions were for getting involved with a subordinate.

In the past, I would never think this way of her as a candidate, but now she has left the company, and I am no longer in the same role. She had a good body, and wore her clothes very well. One of her dresses, a traditional one, with thin straps over her shoulders, could have driven me absolutely wild, but I always ignored it outwardly. Then there was another pair - jeans and T-shirt, which were really displayed her body well. Something in my demeanor must have tipped her off, as she started wearing more and more of these outfits. While I scrupulously stayed away from commenting on her appearances, she did not refrain. I had grown a beard, and she would periodically comment on how she did not like my beard, but as usual, I paid no attention.

Some time after I returned to the US, I had to go back for some official business. I contacted her, and suggested that I get together with her and her husband. She proposed that we meet at a new farmhouse they had just built a little ways out of town.

I got there in my chauffeur driven car, expecting a nice dinner and nice company. I was not disappointed on both counts. She still looked the same gorgeous self she always did. And, this time, I did not stop myself from commenting. She was also wearing my favorite dress with shoulder straps. She obviously knew that I liked it. I handed her the two bottles of California wine I had brought for them.

In the middle of dinner, the bell rang, and my chauffeur said that he needs to go home for an emergency. My host told me not to worry, as he would have his chauffeur drop me off. He and his wife were spending the weekend at this farmhouse, and would not need the car until the next day anyway.

After a very nice feast and a few pleasantries, it was time to go back. We summoned his chauffeur. Unaware of the fact that he would have to drop me back in town, he was already in his holiday mood. He had imbibed enough to be in no position to drive back.

The host said he would drive me back, but I did not want to impose on him, as he wasn't exactly sober either. The hostess came up with a better idea - why not I spend the night there. The thought of spending the night in rustic surroundings rather than an impersonal hotel really appealed to me. So, it did not take much arm-twisting for me to agree.

It was a small place - one bedroom, and a living room. She pointed me to the couch - this would be my bed for the night. It was still too early to go to bed, so we decided to play some board games they had stashed in the farm-house. He opened a bottle of wine, and we enjoyed the intellectual game of scrabble for quite some time. By the time that round was over, all the wine I took had been consumed, and we were all a little tipsy. While taking a breather after the game, we talked about what to play next. She got out a pack of cards. We wondered what games we all knew. 

None of us was in the mood for a thinking game. A light game that would be fun fit the fare well. I realized that she had a bit too much to drink when she suggested a game of strip poker. Embarrassed in front of her husband, I ignored what she had just said. He looked at her, and they obviously exchanged something with their eyes. He turned around to me, and said "why not, what do you say?" I had some hesitation, but I too had a bit much to drink. I still held back. He apologized for overstepping the bounds of decency, and suggested that they retire to the bedroom, while I also make myself comfortable on the couch. This was an odd end to a wonderful evening. I felt like a fool at having given up a chance to see her without clothes, even if the cost was that I would have to see him, and would have to let them see me. All these years of looking at her tight dresses, and wondering how she looked beneath them, would have come to fruition. But, decency and civilized behavior required that I keep my distance. 

As I stood there, wondering what to say, she came to the rescue. "Aw, come-on," she said. "I have always admired you, and wondered what you look like. And I know by your looks that you too want to see me. We are both lousy poker players. Let us just play a little. If you get too uncomfortable, we will stop."

She obviously knew what she was doing. The fist things to go off were her socks. I lost a round, and agreed to get rid of my socks too. 

Simple enough. Then things started heating up. She lost again, and took off her traditional pants. That was preferred, as we were sitting at a table, and the only glimpse I got was of her when she was taking it off. In fact, due to shyness, I actually tried to avoid looking at her. But, I could not keep my eyes off her. She looked fabulous in a pair of white cotton panties. Seeing me behave ambivalently, her husband said, "It's OK to look." He was obviously proud of how good his wife looked. It is then that I realized – isn't this the whole point of the game. I dropped my inhibitions and took my fill of her. Aware of my looks, she fully co-operated. She sat down so that slit on the side of her dress was open, and her white panties were fully visible. Then off came the dress, showing a matching bra. At this point I was only imagining how she would look without them. But I also knew that I would not have to wait long.

In no time at all, her panties, and bra were off too. Here she was, completely naked before me. And she was exactly as I had imagined her to be. Slim, with wonderful breasts and hair coming down to her protruding nipples. Every time she turned, her hair would play hide and seek with the dark circle around her nipples and the nipples themselves. It would have been great to touch them, lick them, or suck at them wildly. Between her legs, she hid a slightly hairy pussy. Through the sparse hair, you could easily see the folds. She went out to get a drink, and strutted back provocatively – all her assets drove me wild. It was a major effort to keep my erection down. After all, I could be naked any moment too.

Soon all my clothes were off too, and most of her husband's. I lost the next round. Not having anything else to take off, she suggested that I do what she asks. I said okay, fearing what it would be. This was obviously a very advanced couple, and she had sprung surprise after surprise on me all evening. 

"I have never liked your beard. It needs to come off, and I will take it off." Oh my god, this was getting serious. I was going to have to change my appearance not just for tonight, but for a long time to come. Hesitation gave way to excitement, when I thought of my next move. Shaving cream and razor were bought, and a quick pass was done through my beard. In the process, she made sure to run her hands on my chest, and got close enough that if I wanted to, I could have touched her all over. But, I waited. She wasn't deterred though. Every once in a while, she would feel my cheek with her lips. In fact, a few times she "slipped," and I found her lips on mine. Sure enough, she lost the next round. I took the floor now to decide what we'd do with her. I would shave her pussy. She had no choice, and her husband did not object. My guess is that he secretly enjoyed this. Maybe he too wanted to see her shaved. By the way, this wasn't a quick pass, and I decided to throw off my shyness. I took my time, ensuring that I touched every part of her thighs, and everything in between. Anything that did not pass my smoothness test had to be lathered with cream again, and re-shaved. The husband fixed some more drinks, and then joined in too. By the time we were done, she was dripping wet - not just from the outside. And her pussy looked as smooth as the rest of her skin. This was the end of the poker game. We sat down, just as we were, finishing our drinks. Round breasts that stayed up very well, without the need for a push-up bra (which I had noticed earlier, as she took it off), curvy hips, and slightly off-center vertical line between them – I just could not help keep my eyes off her. And, mentally, I could not keep my hands and mouth off her.

After having sat on the couch all evening long, she commented how uncomfortable it was, and wondered aloud how I'd sleep on it. By this time, I was in tune with them, but still waited for the answer to come from them. 

The husband said, "Why don't you sleep in our bed tonight? It is a queen bed, and while it will be cozy, three of us can share it." I had no more expectations. This was already too much excitement for me. 

So I said "No, no, I don't want to come between the two of you. You carry on." 

He intervened saying, "You won't be the one in the middle; she will be." With this, she grabbed my hand, and led me to the bedroom. It looked like she relished the thought of being with two men for the night. No need to change, or brush, or do anything else. No one even bothered to turn the light off. She got into the bed first. He got in one side, and I, on the other side. 

I was too drunk to fall asleep immediately. So I lay down facing her, while she was facing her husband. I could sense that there was something going on. Either their lips were locked, or his were on her breasts. I just lay there, with my eyes open, admiring the smooth skin on her back, and observing it respond to whatever he was doing. After a few minutes she suddenly turned towards me. It was too quick for me to even close my eyes, and pretend I was asleep. 

"Oh you are still up." And her lips were on mine even before she could finish the sentence. Her husband's hands were all over her. One, fondling her breasts and the second hand was feeling the skin we had just made smooth. She grabbed me in her arms, and pulled me close to her. Close enough for full body contact - except for the parts covered by her husband's hands. It was obvious that she was calling the shots today, and was going to have her way with us tonight. I wasn't complaining, and it looked like her husband was pleased too. With her other hand, she first nudged him closer to her, so that that he had full body contact on the back, and then she gently guided his hands across me, and mine across him. Yes, we were a true sandwich. Forget a queen bed, we would have fit on a twin bed.

She let go of my lips, and while we two men held each other, she turned around to face him again. It looked like he could not keep himself, and penetrated her. I toyed with my erection knocking at her rear door. Even in her drunken state, she knew what she wanted. She asked me to reach over in the nightstand drawer, pull out a tube of KY-jelly, and have a go at it. That is how I had my first anal experience. In spite of a lot of lubrication, at first I just could not do anything, as the angle was difficult, and could not be changed. Even her bearing down to make herself larger did not help much. Eventually, it was patience, and almost half the tube of KY that did the trick. Once I was in, there was no pumping or wild action. We just lay like that - he in from the front, I in from the back, and she reveling in her double penetration. Every once in a while she would tighten the ring, which gave me, and I assume her husband too, immense pleasure. That is how we all fell asleep. 

I woke up some time in the middle of the night. Don't know when. She was totally passed out. I was still semi-hard and inside her. I assume he was too. I adjusted my position, and that woke him up. He whispered quietly to me, telling me that his wife had never agreed to his anal advances before, and that before she woke up, he wanted to switch positions. As we pulled out, got off the bed, and switched, I realized why. He was much bigger than I was. But, tonight, her muscles had already been stretched. So, I helped him penetrate her from the rear, and then moved to her front. This was absolutely wonderful. She was still asleep. We both took liberties with her breasts. I had a better vantage, as I was on her front. I could use both, my hands, and my lips. Soon he started pumping, and I responded. She woke up a little groggily, but got into the act, exhorting both of us to keep going. It wasn't long before I shot my load into her, followed by him. I don't know when she reached orgasm in all this, as she was constantly screaming. Once spent, we lay down and this time really fell asleep.

In spite of their somewhat embarrassed admission next day, that they had never done this with anyone else before, even today, I wonder if it was all a setup. As I said earlier, the ladies there are absolutely sexy, and daring, so I am not surprised.