 It has been an eventful weekend. I've somehow managed to get a lot done and still have plenty of time to masturbate, as I've managed to bring myself to (at last count) 6 incredible orgasms between Friday night and Sunday morning! 

I was very tired, but still a little buzzed and incredibly horny Friday night. Around 9:30pm, I took a nice long shower. Then I filled the bathtub so I could soak for a while. The combination of the alcohol, the steam in the bathroom and the hot water on my body had me very relaxed. I let my hands slowly drift over my body; feeling the softness of the skin on the back of my hand, up my arm, over my shoulder, up the side of my neck, around the front of my neck, down my chest. . . I cupped my full, soft breasts in my hands and squeezed them gently, pausing to rub my hard nipples with my thumbs for just a moment. Then I let my both hands drift slowly down my belly. I pulled my knees up and propped my legs up on either side of the tub. I ran my hands up and down the smooth, soft skin on the inside of my thighs from my knees to my pussy, teasing myself. I began to rub my pussy slowly with my right hand. I traced circles around the hot pink lips with my middle finger. Then I changed that motion to a figure 8 – at the center of each "8" my finger barely grazed my hard little clit. It felt so delicious! I started moving my hips up and down so that each time my finger brushed against my clit the pressure was a little greater. I could feel an orgasm building inside me and I moaned softly, eager for it to sweep over me. When I started to cum, I pushed a finger into my hot hole and continued moving my hips up and down, biting my lip to keep from crying out. When my orgasm subsided, I took a moment to catch my breath. Then I washed myself again and stepped out of the tub, wrapping a towel around myself and heading downstairs to my room.

I crawled into bed naked. I laid there in the dark for a long time; but now I was wide awake and unable to fall asleep. I let my mind wander over the events of the day. Before long, I began to think about the conversation that we had with her at the picnic. It turned both of us on immensely to hear that she had been with a woman before, that her pussy is shaved and that she likes to have her asshole licked. I started thinking about what it would be like to have a ménage a trois with her. It wasn't long before my fingers found their way to my horny little pussy again. 

MY FANTASY: I could see the three of us at her house having a few drinks. She and I were sitting next to each other on the couch. You were sitting in a chair a few feet away. The two of us were drinking quite a bit while you, on the other hand, seemed to nurse the same beer for a couple hours. Finally the conversation turned to sex. She told us about her experience with a woman; that it was really good that first time but she didn't think she'd do it again. 

"I bet she could really eat your pussy." You said to her, gesturing toward me.

She and I both laughed, but the alcohol had begun to relax me and the story about her first experience with a woman had me quite aroused. I began to wrap my mind around the idea of making love to her.

You said, "I'm serious. I bet it would feel so good you'd want her to do it to you again and again." Your hand moved to your crotch and you began to slowly rub your cock through your khaki shorts. "I'd love to see that."

I looked at you and realized that this was the opportunity both of us had been waiting for. The fulfillment of a fantasy we shared now hinged on how I responded to your statement. I followed your lead. I smiled at her and said, "I love the way my pussy tastes. I bet you taste really good too" as I placed my hand on her thigh and squeezed it ever so subtly. 

She looked down at my hand and then into my eyes. "You're serious." She said.

"Dead serious." I said. 

Looking her in the eye, with the alcohol making me bolder then I might otherwise have been, I said, "I'd love to suck your wet pussy until you cum for me." 

I leaned closer to her and kissed her softly on the lips. We looked at each other silently for a moment. 

"I don't think I want to do that." She half-whispered. But her eyes said something different.

"Yes you do." I responded as I leaned close and kissed her again. This time I parted her lips with my tongue and slipped it into her mouth. It was very different from kissing a man. Her mouth was so soft. As our kiss grew more intense, I let my hand drift down the front of her body, brushing against her hard nipple and down to the crotch of her jeans. I rubbed her pussy through the thick material and she moaned and sucked my tongue further into her mouth. There was no doubt that she wanted this as much as I did.

We undressed each other quickly. When we were down to just panties, she laid back on the couch. I gently pushed her legs open and knelt between her creamy thighs. I put my face up close to her sweet young pussy and breathed in the intoxicating scent of her desire. It turned me on even more to know that it was me making her so hot. I licked her through the silky material of her panties. She was incredibly wet. She moaned out loud and her hips rose up off the couch a little. I took that opportunity to pull her panties off. I felt your hands on my hips as you pulled my panties off. 

"Ah, there's the view I love." I heard you say.

I turned my head and smiled at you. Your eyes were filled with lust. "Lick her pussy. Let me see you make her cum." You said, barely above a whisper.

I smiled at you and nodded. I knew that this was as much your fantasy as mine. I turned back to her and said, "Don't fake anything with me. I want to learn how to please a woman. I can't do that if you pretend, okay?"

She nodded her head.

I lowered my face to her horny little cunt. I ran my tongue up and down her whole pussy, first with the rough topside, then with the smooth underside. I traced circles around those pretty little pink lips, then changed the motion to figure 8's – flicking her clit with my tongue at the middle of each "8." She whimpered and her hips began to move up and down. I put my hands under her ass and squeezed it as I sucked her hot pussy. She was whimpering and panting and I sensed she was close to climaxing. I could hardly wait to taste her cum! I pulled my right hand out from under her ass and slowly pushed two fingers into her dripping wet snatch. I wrapped my mouth around her lips and sucked her hard swollen clit while finger-fucking that hot little fuck-hole. She was moaning louder and her hips were bucking like crazy. 

"Harder!" She managed to say. "Fuck me harder!"

I kept sucking her clit and shoved my fingers into her harder and faster.

Her whole body tensed when her orgasm hit her. "Oh god, yes. . ." she moaned.

I pulled my fingers out of her, but kept sucking her clit and fucking her with my tongue, drinking her sweet cum, until she relaxed again. 

She laid there silently, smiling, with her eyes closed for a long time. I brought my fingers to my lips and licked them cleaned. I laid on top of her and said, "Here, taste your pussy" as I brought my lips to hers for a long, deep, passionate kiss. 

Then I kissed and licked my way down her body and pushed my tongue back into her dripping pussy to scoop up some of her hot cum. I walked over to you. You were sitting in the chair, naked with a raging hard on. I climbed onto your lap and pushed my tongue into your mouth, sharing my first taste of another woman's pussy with you. You put your arms around me and gripped my ass, eagerly sucking my tongue into your mouth to get a good taste of her.

"Doesn't she taste good?" I asked.

You nodded and smiled at me as I wrapped my hand around your hard dick and began stroking up and down. I got down on my knees in front of your chair and started to kiss and lick your cock. You moaned your approval. 

"Come over here." I said, getting up and returning to the couch, leading you by the cock.

She smiled at me as I positioned myself between her thighs again. I pulled both of her knees up, pushing her thighs up against her chest. I leaned down and ran my tongue down the crack of her ass and began tracing circles around her tight little asshole. 


"Oh Jesus. . ." she moaned.

I told her to roll over and get up on her hands and knees. She obeyed without hesitation. She spread herself open to me and I pushed my tongue deep into her puckered asshole.

I felt your hard cock pressing against the back of my thigh. I pushed my ass back towards you and wiggled it around a little, hoping you'd understand what I wanted so I didn't have to take my tongue off of that hot little ass of hers.

You understood alright! You leaned down and went to work on my hungry little cunt, licking me and darting your tongue in and out of me.

I took my tongue off of her tight little asshole just long enough to say, "Mmmm. . . that feels so good! Now my asshole, please, lick my asshole!" 

You did just that; circling my tight little puckered asshole with your greedy tongue then shoving it inside, butt-fucking me with it. It felt so damn good, she tasted so damn good, I thought I would explode!

I pushed two fingers into her cunt; finger-fucking her pussy while tonguing her tight little asshole – all the time you were doing the same thing to me! When you just couldn't take it anymore, I felt you rubbing the head of your rock hard cock against my burning hot, dripping wet pussy. I managed to pull myself away from her ass again, just long enough to say, "Yes, fuck me, baby! Fuck me like a bitch!"

I pushed my tongue back into her ass and she cried out as she came again, then collapsed on the couch, panting. I pulled my wet fingers out of her pussy and licked them clean again. Then I put both hands down on the couch for leverage.

You groaned and grunted like an animal as you fucked my steaming pussy doggy-style. I pushed my ass back against you and moaned, "Oh, God, yes. . .fuck me! Fuck me, baby! Make me cum!"

You held tightly to my hips and fucked me hard. My orgasm hit me all at once and I nearly screamed. The muscles inside me began to squeeze your dick and you drove it into me one last time, grunting loud, as the hot cum streamed out of your dick and shot deep inside my pussy.