 All participants are over 18 years of age. No dingo's or small furry marsupials were injured in the making of this story. 

A big thanks to HeyAll for editing assistance.

Before you start reading (sorry, this is quite long) imagine or Google outback Australia. Google pics of Katherine Gorge or Kakadu. Hot, dry, red soil, paperbark trees, billabongs.

Voting and critical comments are all welcome.

*

The afternoon sun was setting behind ragged silhouettes of gum trees and several kookaburras had already started their laughing serenade to the end of the day. Two flocks of budgerigars had settled to squabbling groups among the paperbarks on the edge of the billabong (a small section of river cut off by drought and forming a waterhole) and from his vantage on the slight rise he could see a few kangaroos heading down toward the water, stopping occasionally to sniff the air. They could smell him and knew he was there but decided their thirst was more important than a human who was not bothering to hide. It was the end of a long day and time for a drink for them and a beer for Rikki. 

Rikki was 34 years old and just on six feet tall. Broad shouldered and long limbed, not wiry and not overly muscled but slim enough to show a good layer of hard working man's muscle as opposed to gym junkie sculpting. His skin was tanned a dark gold and his light brown hair was streaked with blonde from the sun. His slightly hairy chest was deep and wide with a darker vee of a tan line from his unbuttoned shirt flowing down from his throat to somewhere between his nipples. His wide set brown eyes had good humoured sparkle that missed little. He had straight teeth, apart from a top front tooth with a diagonal chip that totally fucked his smile as far as he was concerned. Not that anyone else thought so. In fact many admiring ladies thought it added a degree of mischief to his ready and somewhat cheeky grin.

Rikki had been traveling through Australia's tropical far north, or 'Top End' for six weeks and still had another month of accrued leave before he had to show up at his job in the south east of the continent, managing a maintenance section for a local council.

With a grunt he hefted his swag from the back of his tray backed Land Cruiser 4WD and began making camp. Within fifteen minutes he had a fire going, his camp chair and table set up and a billy can of water heating up before he stripped down, hanging his bush shirt and worn shorts on the back of his camp chair. Grabbing a towel, he took an empty water drum down to the billabong and filled it before stripping naked and wading into the waterhole to soak away the day's sweat and dirt. He'll take the water drum up to the campsite for washing where the soap would not spoil the billabong. He savoured a beer as he lay back in the water to rinse the red dust and sweat from his body. The dappled shade over the water made a wonderfully relaxing change from the heat earlier and the din of the bird life crowding the trees above drowned all other sound. Including the noise of another four wheel drive approaching from behind the rise of the riverbank.

Chrystal and Megan had been working on a cattle station about a days drive from the waterhole and had a couple of days off while the boss and the family went on a holiday to Fiji. Chrystal was the cook and Megan was working as a housekeeper and helped with lessons for the station owner's three kids. With the workload drastically reduced, the girls told the overseer they were taking a few days off and he arranged one of the big Nissan Patrol four wheel drives and camping gear and gave the girls directions to the normally isolated billabong. Although off the beaten track, the girls had been there before and Norm the overseer made them promise to keep a radio schedule, calling in each day at midday to keep in touch. As they crested the rise and saw the Land Cruiser of Rikki's, their hopes of a quiet few days were dashed.

"Maybe they'll leave in the morning." suggested Megan.

"Jeez, I bloody hope so." said Chrystal with a sigh. "I was so looking forward to this. Nobody EVER comes out here. This is the first real break we've had for sooo long and some bastard shows up and spoils it." Chrystal's disappointment was palpable and Megan tried to assuage it with her usual bubbly enthusiasm.

"Maybe it's couple of hunks, just waiting to deflower two innocent damsels!" she said with a giggle.

"A bit late for that, Megs!" laughed Chrystal.

They found a spot about sixty or so metres from Rikki's camp and pulled up in the shade of a big eucalypt. Seeing the other camp was pretty small, they came to the conclusion that there was only one other person despoiling their oasis and hoped they'd be no problem. Unloading their swags and camp chairs, arranging the camp kitchen and building the makings of a fire, the two then made a beeline down to the water to see who was ruining their long awaited camping trip. One look was enough for the girls to turn to each other with gins from ear to ear. A naked man was stepping up from the water and onto the riverbank. A very nice naked man.

Rikki stepped up onto the riverbank, water sluicing off his body onto the dusty grass at his feet. He picked up his towel and looked up with a start as he saw the two girls coming down the slope. Holding the towel in front of himself, he dried his face and then wrapped it around his waist to preserve a little modesty. He smiled ruefully at losing the short lived privacy of his camp site and said "G'day. How are ya goin'?"

Megan replied quickly with "G'day mate. How's the water. Sorry to disturb you but nobody ever comes here."

Rikki laughed and said "Bloke down the road at Julia Creek told me about it. Said it was a nice spot and he was right. Oh, and the water's great. Bit noisy with the birds but they'll shut up with sunset." He kept walking toward the girls as he spoke and they both smiled more the closer he came and as if choreographed, each raised a hand to tuck hair behind their ears.

"Julia Creek is two days drive from here!" exclaimed Chrystal.

Rikki smiled and said, "Uh, yeah. A couple of days down the road, then. It was a little while ago." He brushed a loose strand of hair from his eye and continued "I didn't think anyone would be around. This bit of paradise is in the middle of fuck all and I haven't seen a car in the last three or four days. I've been stopping overnight on different waterholes and billabongs as I go and I reckon this is about the best so far." He finished by nodding to the waterhole and then said "I hope you don't mind dingoes."

Both girls looked at each other and smiled. Megan said "We can handle 'em. Out here it's different to the touristy spots. There the dogs have plenty of scraps people don't bury properly, or even actively feed them." Chrystal rolled her eyes at this "Out here they stay away until you leave. But we still make sure the camp is secure with all the food in solid ice boxes or food lockers or even inside the car. Otherwise we burn it to a crisp and bury it properly."

Chrystal said "I brought my flute, so they'll be howling in concert with me after dark. But they'll stay away. I hope you don't mind a bit of music." She desperately wanted to play out here and hoped the man wouldn't object or make fun of her. But the sound of her flute out in the bush in the still night air made her heart sing. 

Rikki took that as confirmation he'd have to share the waterhole. He didn't mind having two pretty girls to look at but peace and quiet just went out the window. But then if he played his cards right, he might just get lucky. 

"My name's Rikki." he said and put his hand out to Chrystal. She shook it with a hand that was firm from plenty of horse riding and handling stock on the station.

"Chrystal" she said, "And this is Megan. Or Chris and Megs if you prefer." Megan reached out to take Rikki's hand and gave his calloused paw a firm shake. She liked the way he didn't try to squeeze her hand but kept his grip firm all the same.

"D'ya mind if we set up over there?" asked Megan, gesturing with her chin to a cluster of trees about fifty metres away from Rikki's site.

"You'll be right" said Rikki with a grin that made both girls weak at the knees. "Just keep the noise down and no driving the ute into the creek." He then waved as he turned and walked up to his camp site while both girls checked out his tight bum cheeks rolling under the towel with each step.

Rikki was fine with nudity. He wasn't bothered by people seeing him nude, although he wasn't all that well endowed, his cock was about three inches long while flaccid and just over six inches when erect. He had normal sized balls and a scrotum a little larger than others, so his nuts hung a little lower on a hot day. And in the tropics of northern Australia, most men didn't bother with underwear.

He removed his towel just before he got to camp and hung it on a limb near the fire. His back was the girls and he didn't think they'd get too upset with a blokes arse being exposed to them from that distance. He pulled on his shorts and started getting his evening meal ready. He poured some self raising flour into a bowl, added a small handful of sultanas, water and salt and kneaded it to a dough before rolling pieces into balls and then flattening these out. He dropped these onto a wire grill over the coals and seeing the billy was starting to boil, he proceeded to make tea.

The two girls had watched as Rikki shed his towel and both grinned at each other. "Better than old Normies arse" chuckled Megan.

"Too right." said Chrystal with a smile. "Reckon we can share 'im?" Megan just grinned and nodded.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By the time Rikki's johnny cakes had cooked, the girls had set up their camp and had their own fire going and were discussing whether to stay at the billabong tomorrow or look for another camp where there'd be no disturbance from prying eyes.

"Let's see how Nice-arse-Rikki is going to cope with a show in the morning. It might turn out for the better. As much as I love the way you lick me, I'd like a nice cock sliding into me at the same time!" said Chrystal as she looked into Megan's eyes with a grin. Megan licked her lips and made an 'O' with her mouth and both girls burst into giggles.

Both camps ate separately and as both fires burned down to coals, the smooth notes of a flute drifted across the cool air. Rikki enjoyed catching the slightly puffed notes from the reed instrument as he gazed into the glowing coals and listened to the melodious strains in the night air. Soon he heard the yip and howl of a dingo coming from a distance. It was joined by another, then another and soon the camp was quartered by distant howls, including the broken notes of a young pup testing it's vocal cords. The music finished after about twenty minutes and both camps turned in for the night. 

But not before Rikki softly called out "Beautiful. Love ya work," and heard some stifled laughs coming from across the billabong.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dawn was heralded by copper hued skies and the cacophony of birdsong breaking into the trio's slumber. Rikki pulled his head out from under a flap of his swag and looked out to the waterhole below. The billabong was alive with bird life and a movement down the far end proved to be a dingo getting a morning drink. Looking closer, three dingo pups came from behind her to drink and play. The bitch sniffed the air and looked across to where the campers were then turned, gave a quiet yip to the pups and all of them sauntered unhurriedly up the far bank and disappeared amongst the spinifex grass and thin scrub. Rikki gave a soft chuckle to himself and rolled onto his back to look at the brightening sky. He had an early morning erection and the thoughts of the two cute girls across from him made it throb with fantasized thoughts. He gripped it in his hand and slowly stroked the length of his shaft, his foreskin sliding up and down below the exposed mushroom head of his penis as imagined pictures of swimming girls in the billabong with long limbs, smooth buttocks and flashed breasts.

Looking across at the girl's campsite, he saw no movement from their swags and took the opportunity to throw back the blanket and grab yesterday's shirt to catch his cum as his grip tightened and his fist flashed along his hot hard flesh. Stroking faster and faster he could feel the tightening of his balls and the familiar tingling rolling from his prostate to his penis, tensing his muscles until it overwhelmed him, arching his back, tensing his butt cheeks, thighs and calves, curling his toes and leaving him gasping for breath as spurt after spurt of white creamy cum burst from the eye of his cock and landed on his shirt in thick lines. Rikki lay there as his breathe slowed and pulse slackened. His cock softened and lay slack on the shirt stretched over his belly and he gathered the shirt around his cock and grasping it at the base, milked the last of his semen from the shaft. 'That's a nice way to start the day.' he thought. Looking across at the girls site, he thought he saw movement in one of the swags and decided it was time he got up and lit the fire. He might even invite them over for a morning cuppa.

Across the billabong, Chris had watched the performance from under the soft canvas flap of her swag. As she was already awake and horny, it didn't take her long to rub herself to an almost simultaneous orgasm with the hunk she was watching. She pinched her thumb and second finger either side of her vulva and massaged through her closely shaved mons to her swollen clitoris. She was already wet from the horny dream she'd woken from and the roiling pleasure from her loins concentrated on that juicily smooth little nub. Chris soon squeezed her thighs together as she rubbed her clit and pinched and pulled her turgid nipples. She came to a jaw clenching orgasm as she saw the man spasm and spurt cum. It was all she could do to keep her mouth tightly shut. Although a couple of snorted grunts escaped through her nose. This might turn out to be a fortuitous meeting after all.

Megs rose from her blankets and said "Did you just frig yerself off? You randy little bitch. You awake now?" 

Chris chuckled and said whispered "I woke up horny and I looked out to see him having a wank. What's a girl supposed to do?"

Megs eyebrows rose and she said "Fuck no? Really? Was it big? Did he see you? Why didn'ya call me?"

"Fuck yes, really. It's a bit far off to tell but I saw his cum spurt!" and then she burst into giggles. 'Then I just lost it and came myself. I reckon we should stay and see what happens. Fancy a threesome, Megs?" Chris wiggled her eyebrows and licked her lips.

"Yer on!" said Megs. "We'll toss to see who gets first dibs on his dick." and she too erupted into a fit of giggles.

The girls got up and both donned clothes without trying to hide their semi nakedness from Rikki. He glanced up from his breakfast preparations to see Meg pull her moleskins over g-string clad cheeks while Chris had her side to him putting on a bra and slipping on a t-shirt. Chris looked across and waved at Rikki and said something to Megs who turned and smiled across the separating space. Rikki grinned at being caught and gave a half hearted wave. He held a cup up in a toast and smiled a cheeky grin. "Want coffee?" he called.

Chris called back "Cappuccino for me and a latte for Megs."

"Let's see what I can do." he called and turned to his gas stove on the back of the 4WD. Ten minutes later he called to the girls that coffee was ready and they'll need chairs. As the pair sauntered over he took the opportunity to watch Megs' breasts swaying unfettered under her shirt while Chris's figure was just begging for attention with tight jeans and t-shirt. She was carrying a basket that she placed on his camp table and set her chair next to it while Megs sat next to her. "Cap for you, Megs" he said, looking at Chris.

"I'm Chris and yes, a cappuccino for me and Megs has the latte." she giggled and sat in her chair. "Although I'm happy to have instant or tea, failing that." she smiled and then as she took the cup from Rikki she blurted "Fuck! How did you do that?" she took a sip of her coffee and then said "It's real!! A real cappuccino! Megs, look!!" and as Megs took her cup she too exclaimed at the wondrous offering. 

"Where did you get this? I didn't hear a generator? You've got a coffee machine? How's it work without power? What. . . . " Megs was silenced by Rikki's raised hand and disarming crooked grin. He rose and brought back a strange looking cast aluminium thing with a funny curved tube rising from the bottom to a coffee filter head locked at the top and a small milk frothing tube out the side. 

"I've got an Atomic. These things are about forty or fifty years old but they'll work off a stove top or gas cooker. I could even do it over a fire but soot gets all over it and it's not worth the worry. The best part is that it makes long life milk taste half decent." he chuckled and raised his cup to the girls and smiled over the top of the rim. "What d ya reckon? All right?"

Both girls gushed over the coffee. While not as good as a barista coffee in the city, it was still pretty bloody good. Megan said, "We've been out at Saturn Downs station for the last eight months and have had to make do with pod coffee or instant. This is heavenly. Who'd have thought we'd get one here, eh Chris?"

Chris agreed. "I love it. This is the last thing I expected this morning. What a great way to wake up." she said and then blushed at the memory of how she actually did wake up that morning. She looked at Rikki and admired his smile. Yes, they will be having a threesome today.

"So, Rikki," said Megan "What're you doing here? We're out at Saturn Downs for now but we've been working at different places doing whatever comes, for the last two years. We've been working on trawlers, child care on some of the farms and smaller towns, cooking, stock work, whatever comes up. Next year we might head over to Europe and have a look around."

Rikki paused for a minute "I've been planning a trip up this way for a while now but life kept getting in the way. I'm a chippy by trade and I've got an sparkies license as well. I manage a maintenance section with a council down south. I've got a mate called Snotta who was going to . . ." the girls interrupted with giggles.

"Snotta? How'd he get a name like Snotta?" Megs laughed. 

Chris said, "I've heard some rippers but Snotta takes the cake!"

"He's got a big snotta. A big nose. He's fine with it. Then there's Bluey, he's got red hair, Boots, cos he's always bare footed. Donkey, cause he's hung like a mule . . " both girls looked aside at each other and grinned "Uh . . yeah, sorry." said Rikki with a little embarrassment. "But you know what blokes are like."

"Yeah", said Chris "We're ok with that. One of the fella's on the trawlers was called Larry Labia because he was just a cunt. There was Kevvy Climax. All he could talk about was how good he was in bed. Then we had the cook who was on the boat before we started. Bait-layer Mick was his name. He used to be a drovers cook. Everyone reckons he poisoned more wild dogs with thrown out scraps than any of the paid dog trappers. Jigsaw, he has a shitload of scars on his back from a knife fight. Gazza Gazette, he has that many tatts on 'im that you'd spend all day trying to read 'em. Another blokes' names was Clint. He got called Clin-toris. That evolved into Speedball for obvious reasons. And where we are now we have a bloke called Six Dicks because he couldn't be that silly playing with just one!" Both girls burst into giggles. "Anyway Richard, what would you like for brekky? Eggs and bacon? All fresh from the station yesterday. Our shout after that coffee." 
