 Elaine knelt on the bed, her back arched slightly, her head thrown back, her eyes closed. The silky sheer nightie rode up high on her thighs revealing a hint of her softest skin and downy red hair.

Her breath came in quick bursts as Rodney, from behind her, kissed her neck, nibbled her ear. His hands massaged her scalp, caressed her neck, face and cheeks.

But another set of hands and lips explored Elaine's skin at the same time as her husband's did.

Elaine gave a sharp intake of breath as the other woman's tongue flicked out deftly, stroking one of Elaine's nipples through the thin fabric of her nightie. The woman's tongue played over Elaine's nipple, flicking across it in quick, whip-like motions and then slowly stroking it with her whole tongue.

When this nipple was taut and aching with pleasure, the woman moved to Elaine's other breast.

While the woman's mouth focused on Elaine's breasts, her hands roamed lower. With the lightest touch, the woman's fingertips traced circles and swirls over the soft skin of Elaine's legs and thighs.

Meanwhile, Rodney's hand moved from Elaine's neck to her breast. He slipped his fingers underneath her nightie and took a nipple between his fingers, teasingly pinching it, rolling it.

Four hands, two mouths, the sensations were new and electrifying. Elaine opened her eyes taking in the sight of her husband and their new lover, both engrossed in nothing but her pleasure.

Her eyes caught her husband's gaze and they shared a smile and then a passionate kiss.

"Lay back," Rodney whispered into Elaine's ear as he helped her get into a comfortable position on her back at the same time pulling her lingerie off over her head.

The other woman, adjusting her position as well, continued to lather Elaine's breasts with kisses. One of the woman's hands tickled across Elaine's nipples, but with the other one she caressed her own body.

She let her hand play across her own naked breasts, her black bra having been abandoned earlier. She pinched her own nipples tugging on them as they grew and hardened. She rolled them back and forth between her fingers, then cupping an entire breast in her hand, massaged it deeply. 

Meanwhile, Rodney left a trail of heat dancing across Elaine's flesh as he kissed his way down her body, settling in between her thighs.

Rodney wasn't at all surprised to find Elaine already wet with anticipation. For his part, his cock was achingly hard. Just the sight of the other woman massaging her own breasts while licking and sucking his wife's was almost enough to send him over the edge. 

But he quickly turned his attention to Elaine's pussy. He ran his tongue up her outer lips several times, exploring her flowering core at a languid pace. He smiled inwardly as he felt his wife's body tense under him each time his tongue found a new hot spot.

Elaine's moans were coming freely now. Her husband's tongue darted back and forth across her clit while the woman's tongue continued to roughly tease her nipples. Elaine wanted to open her eyes, to take in the sight of her two lovers, but couldn't -- the pleasure was too intense. She let her head fall back on the bed with a moan.

While Rodney kissed and nibbled Elaine's clit, his hands gently kneaded her ass cheeks. He used his grip on her ass to pull her up into a better position for his mouth. He darted his tongue in and out of her pussy. 

He stole a glance at the other woman and felt his balls tighten and his cock harden as he watched her slip a hand into her own black panties.

She furiously stroked herself, running her fingers up and down the length of her lips, pressing against her clit on each upstroke.

Her moans began to mingle with Elaine's as she slid first one and then two fingers into her own throbbing, wet pussy.

Elaine was nearing the point of no return as Rodney's tongue continued to work her over. She was clenching the bed sheets without realizing it, holding on for support as she teetered on the edge of ecstasy.

With his face buried between his wife's legs, Rodney couldn't tell which moans were Elaine's and which the other woman's. And he didn't care. He could feel his wife's body tense beneath him and her thighs pressed in harder and harder against his face as she struggled to control her own excitement.

He was about to mutter some words of encouragement to her, to let her know how much he enjoyed seeing her enjoying herself, but the other woman beat him to it.

"That's it, Elaine," she said between raspy breaths of pleasure of her own. "Let yourself cum, girl."

Elaine did. A roiling wave of heat and pleasure coursed through her body, starting somewhere deep in her core and extending to the tips of her fingers and toes.

She clenched her thighs together around her husband's head and with her hands she pulled him closer against her pussy, urging on his relentless tongue and mouth.

As the pleasure subsided, her body relaxing again, she opened her eyes and saw, first, her husband, his head lying on her belly his hands gently stroking her sides and breasts. Then she looked to the other woman who has kneeling beside her, her hands, still inside her own panties continuing to massage her pussy.

"God, that was hot," the woman said, and Elaine couldn't tell if it was directed at her or her husband. Both, she figured.

"It's your turn now," Elaine said in a satisfied whisper. "Both of your turns."

Elaine moved from under her husband and directed him onto his back. She kneeled between his legs and took his hardened cock into her mouth.

She ran her lips up and down the warm marbled skin of his shaft. He squirmed and let out a throaty sound of pleasure as she sucked on the sensitive head of his cock.

"Oh, God, you're amazing," he managed.

"No talking. You've got better things to do with your mouth," the other woman playfully scolded as she slipped off her panties and moved to straddle his face.

The woman's pussy, unlike Elaine's, was almost completely shaved, with just a small patch of hair at the apex above her clit.

It was an odd sensation for Rodney as he ran his tongue against the hairless skin of the woman's mound. He licked circles along her inner thigh, working his way slowly into her inner lips.

He worked her ass with his hands pulling her closer into him.

She didn't hold back at all in showing her appreciation for Rodney's attention. Bracing herself on the headboard, she moaned passionately as she fucked Rodney's face, grinding into his mouth.

Elaine took a break from licking her husband's cock to watch him pleasure their new lover. She straddled his middle, wrapped her arms around the other woman from behind and peered over her shoulder to get a better view of her husband devouring the woman's clit.

The woman directed Elaine's hand to her breast and urged her to massage and play with her hardened nipples.

As Elaine played with the woman's taut breasts, she nuzzled into her neck but kept her eyes fixed on her husband.

"Oh, God, he's good," the woman told Elaine in a throaty whisper.

"I know," Elaine replied.

"You should -- oh!" the woman's words caught in her throat as Rodney's tongue played over a sweet spot. 

"You should fuck him," she finally managed to get out, giving Elaine a knowing smile.

"Should I?" Elaine asked mischievously.

"Oh yeah," the other woman drawled.

"Yeah, baby," Rodney said, taking his attention momentarily from the woman's hot pussy. "Fuck me hard."

Elaine lowered herself onto Rodney's throbbing cock, giving her hips a slight wiggle as her pussy lips slid down his shaft.

Rodney moaned and sucked harder on the other woman's clit.

"Oh, Elaine, I think he liked that," she said.

Elaine sat still for a moment, her husband's shaft all the way inside her tight pussy. Then she began to move slowly -- purposefully -- grinding into her husband.

She leveraged herself by wrapping her arms tighter around the other woman's warm body, her sensitive nipples rubbing against the other woman's back with each movement up and down.

Rodney was in heaven. The sweet pussy he tasted and the sweet pussy riding his cock was all he could think about.

Elaine moved faster and faster, urged on by both her husband's and their lover's moans of pleasure.

Soon all three of them were moving, grinding and moaning as one. Rodney played with the other's woman's tight ass cheeks, while Elaine played with her breasts, twirling her nipples between her fingers.

Bracing his feet against the bed, Rodney thrust up against his wife each time she pushed down on his cock. The friction was soon too much, and Rodney felt himself moving past the point of no return.

"Oh, God! I'm going to cum," he moaned.

"Oh cum, Baby," both women said at the same time.

Rodney continued running his tongue up, down and over the other woman's clit and lips while his own orgasm came over him like an explosion.

His cock throbbed over and over as he let loose into his wife's pussy. She clenched his cock with her pussy muscles, urging every last shudder out of her husband while the other woman threw back her head and let out a passionate moan.

Then the three of them, spent, fell together onto the bed.