 I’ve had the opportunity before to share my man with a woman, but now was different. Ty and I have only been married for 1 month, but we still go at it like mad. We have great sex even though he works from 8 am til close to 7 o’clock at night. We figure that we’re doing plenty better then most newlyweds in our position. 

What was unique about this one was that she was a friend of Ty’s, he’s known her since highschool. They’d also had a few interludes together that went as far as him eating her out, but nothing more. I knew she wanted him and I wanted to have the experience of touching and kissing another woman again. When she decided to take us up on our partially joking proposal of a threesome, we were both a little surprised.

She was the first visitor to our house. As we had no TV we decided to watch a DVD on the computer. It just happened to be on the floor with a mattress across from it that was covered in my black sateen sheets. We had sat down to watch the movie, my head was in my husbands lap while she sat next to him. I heard them kissing behind me and instead of being jealous like most wives would be, I felt myself getting wet. His hands have always been busy and I felt them massage my breast and crotch through my pants. I could tell from the little mewling noises that he was doing the same to her.

Trust Ty to start everything off like that. No sooner had he got done sticking his tongue down her throat that he mentioned that we weren’t honoring our new “naked rule”. She was quick to disrobe, which startled me. In the back of my head I knew that she had wanted to have sex with Ty and was perfectly willing to be with another woman to get it.   

I was a little daunted by such forwardness. For all my big talk and my personal fantasies, I’m pretty shy at strange times. I watched her disrobe, though, as it called for sheer fascination. She was so much different then Angel. Her body was more full, fuller even then mine. Her skin was pale and milky and you could tell just by looking at it how smooth it was. Her hourglass figure was not as defined as mine, with just a little bit of weight, not enough for her to be unattractively large, but a little plump. Her breasts were large and heavy, the areoles showing startlingly pink against her pale flesh.

Ty had not waisted a moment in getting undressed. He was already quite erect knowing what was going to happen. He looked so dark sitting there next to her and his eyes questioned my modesty while his lips curved up in a sexual smile.

She had removed her pants by now and I stopped staring at my handsome man to look her over completely. She had sandy blonde pubic hair left natural. Her scent seemed to engulf the room. She had not had it in some time and her body was obviously in need. Her lips drooled with lubricant causing her slit to look like a little mouth. 

I overcame my modesty and slowly started stripping. I always feel somewhat inadequate next to another woman. Even though she was a size larger then I, I was worried that Ty would find her more appealing. My skin, browned by the nude tanning over the summer stood in startling contrast to hers. She looked over my figure, I’m fairly proud of my 36-24-36 figure, and I could see an acknowledgment of it in her eyes. However her eyes didn’t stay on me long as she caught site of Ty’s 8 in penis. 

Ty soon had his hands between both our legs, rubbing our clits in little circles. I could hear her moaning loudly as he gave her attention. Her noises only turned me on more as I watched her face and Ty’s. Never have I seen such a look of pure sexual pleasure as that man has when he has his hands in two females. His skill is amazing and it was showing on every inch of her.

I moved myself so that I was next to her. Between her gasps I asked her if she had ever kissed a woman before. She shook her head and my lips met hers. Hers were soft, softer then Angels. Her taste was sweet and her mouth giving. She was a bit shy with the kissing, as most women during their first times are. I was somewhat demanding and caused a bit of breathlessness on my part.

Ty’s head was now between her legs. His tongue stud was being pressed up against her clit while he had a finger in her snatch up to his knuckle. I moved myself lower, kissing her pale white flesh and tasting her salty sweat. Her chest was heaving as I found her right nipple. The tip was a tight little bud. I drew it into my mouth and sucked hard causing her to gasp out and arch her body. My hand massaged her other breast, pinching a little, being a little hard on her. I could tell she was near coming, by this time Ty had two fingers in her and was working fast. She gave a strangled yelp when she came and her whole body shivered with the pleasure of it. 

He glanced at me and gave me a sly little smile and motioned for me to take his place between her legs. I knelt down and looked for the first time into the gaping lips of the female sex. She was different then me, I already knew that. I kept my pussy partially shaved and hers had never seen a razor. She had thick tufts of curls now saturated in her own juices. The smell was nearly overpowering and I was wondering if I could go down on her without gagging. I had wanted to eat out another woman so bad that I could put aside my discomfort and reached a finger towards her dripping snatch.

Ty had always wanted to see me between the legs of another girl and now he was giving me encouragement in the form of “Suck it in baby, make her come” , he was also playing with her tits and stroking his still erect penis. My mouth came down and I almost gagged she was so strong, but I didn’t stop. I took her wet clit in my mouth and sucked hard, making her body go rigid. I played with it and teased it with my tongue and my teeth, enjoying the movements of her body. I ran a knuckle up and down her slit for extra stimulation. I would’ve heard her breathing increase as I administered to her, but Ty had by now stuck his cock in her mouth and told her to suck it. She was doing so with some difficulty to her breathing. It turned me on more and I kept going, sucking harder and finger fucking her like I had watched my man do.

He couldn’t take much more but didn’t want to come in a mouth, he wanted pussy. My ass just happened to be up in the air, exposing me to any assault he felt inclined to. He maneuvered himself behind me and slapped my ass saying “God, you are a fucking whore, cock isn’t enough for you, is it? Eat out her cunt you little bitch” . This made me go harder at her. His words drove me on. I wanted him to fuck me, but he held off and kept telling me how dirty and what a slut I was. I was close to cuming just feeling his hands on my ass and his head at my opening. He waited til my tongue was deep her pussy before shoving his hard cock into me. It always surprises me how big he is and I could feel my inner walls stretching to fit all of him. It’s even more intense when he rams it in me like that. I came right then.

He started pounding me hard, keeping up his stream of “encouragement”. My tongue was driven deeper into her then I thought it could go. She was wailing, clutching her breasts as wave after wave of orgasm hit her. I could barely think enough to keep eating her with him mastering me. After what seemed like ages of being fucked, I felt him quicken and his body start to shudder, both she and I cried out as we felt our own most intense orgasms hit. I was blinded. My senses were obscured by the mixture of the smell and taste of sex and the intensity of my orgasm. Her pussy was pressed hard up into my mouth and she gushed into me while he was filling me up with his cum.

We all collapsed on each other then. Completely spent, we sat there and only now remember the movie. It was nearly over, but we didn’t care. We savored the last tingly sensations of our orgasms, not saying a word because our smiles spoke for themselves.