 The husband and wife entered their hotel room, followed by the couple they had met downstairs. The husband vaguely knew the other man from work, having met him once at a company party, but neither he nor his wife knew the other woman. His wife wore a strapless white dress with black and white stiletto ankle shoes, her legs, arms, and shoulders already bare. The other woman wore a short frilly skirt with a halter top corset, fishnet stockings, and platform heels with ankle straps. Both men were in suits but had removed their ties earlier at the bar and now laid their jackets over the back of a nearby chair. The other man kicked off his shoes and moved to sit down at the nearby table while the husband retrieved a double sized bottle of vodka and four glasses from his suitcase.

The women whispered to each other playfully, then laughed as they sat down at the table as well. The husband joined them, tossing a deck of cards onto the table doling out portions of spirit as he explained the rules of the game. It was regular spades, women vs men, but each time a team lost a hand each member had to strip off an article of clothing. If they had nothing left to remove they had to pleasure the other team sexually, starting at 1 minute and escalating each time. The first team to have both members cum loses. Everyone looked around the table, eyeing the members of the opposite sex lustfully and nodding secret confidences to the other member of their team.

The cards were dealt and everyone finished their first shot of vodka before the end of the hand. As luck would have it the men were the first to lose and gallantly stood up, walked over to the bed, and removed their socks. The cat calls from the women changed to playful boos as the men walked smugly back to their seats.

A second hand and a second round of vodka found the women on the losing side. With a smile and a nod to each other they shot back the remainder of their vodka and stood up, swaying their hips as they slowly strutted to the middle of the room and turned to face their men. They stripped in unison, the wife sliding her dress down over her body and the other woman coyly removing her high heels. The wife revealed her skin inch by inch: first her breasts in her strapless bra bounced playfully out of her dress as it slipped past, then she turned around to show off her back she passed her dress over her torso down to her hips. The other woman slid her hands from her neck over her body and down her legs to her ankles, wiggling her ass in the air behind her as she took her time unbuckling her shoes. Then she turned around and climbed sensuously onto the edge of the bed, letting the men see everything under her skirt.

The wife's dress inched its way over her ass, revealing her thong and sliding down her legs onto the floor around her feet. The other woman walked her fingers down her legs and slipped her shoes off one at a time onto the floor, making sure to spread her thighs as she switched sides to give them a good look at her pussy lips that were clearly visible through the sheer material of her string bikini panties. The wife slowly lifted each foot up to her ass as she stepped out of her dress, then turned around to reveal the front of her thong pulled down low enough that the men could glimpse her clit. The other woman stood up from the bed and, after striking a pose, they returned to their seats. The men were panting hard, their cocks straining against the inside of their pants and they downed the rest of their vodka, cleared their heads with a shake, and dealt the next hand of cards.

The wife sat with squared shoulders, bouncing her breasts each time she moved in a successful attempt to distract their male opponents. The men lost the hand and walked to the middle of the room to strip for their women. The husband slowly unbuttoned his shirt while the other man tugged at his belt buckle. They played it up, dancing around a little and executing sensuous hip thrusts, before the husband finally pulled his shirt off of his shoulders. He slid his arms out of the sleeves and tossed it aside. His black beater clung tight against his skin and his well-toned upper body made the women each slide a hand between their legs. As they started lightly fingering themselves they turned their eyes to watch the other man slide his hands down his body as he rocked his hips sided to side and let his pants drop, revealing a pair of blue boxers with white polka dots. His cock was hard and pressing up against the fabric as he thrust his hips toward the women several times before they finally sat down again.

Both women were giggling to each other as they started the next hand, but they still won the round by several tricks. With a smirk and a sigh the men once again returned to the middle of the room. The wife poured four more vodkas as her husband flexed his arms behind his head and the other man started unbuttoning his shirt. The husband grabbed the sides of his undershirt and pulled it over his head in one smooth motion, revealing his well-defined abs and chest which he flexed as the women casually fingered themselves. The other man let his shirt hang open revealing a white v-neck undershirt as he unbuttoned his cuffs, then slid his sleeves off of his arms and twirled it above his head before tossing it into a corner. The women giggled and clapped as the men returned to their seats, determined to win the next hand.

The cards ware dealt and everyone sipped their drinks, looking as cool and sexy as they could. The men won the hand and sat back smugly, hoping to see some tits. The women pranced to the center of the room and turned to face their men, hugging each other playfully around the waist. With a knowing look and a devilish smile to each other, the wife knelt down in front of the other woman. As the other woman posed with her arms behind her head the wife grabbed her skirt and slid it over her curves all the way down onto the floor. Her string bikini panties left only a thin line on her hips between the bottom of her corset and the top of her fishnet stockings. She hooked the string with her thumbs and let it go against her body with a snap and a smile. It was difficult for the men not to masturbate as they watched these beautiful women undressing each other, but they satisfied themselves with saucer-sized eyes and gaping mouths as they watched with bated breath what would happen next. 

The wife lazily ran her fingers from her ankles up her smooth thighs and torso as she stood again and adopted a wide-legged pose, with her arms behind her head and her chest thrust out toward her audience. The other woman playfully ran her hands along the wife's thighs and up over her ass, snapping the string of her thong. The wife played along and cooed sensually, closing her eyes and pouting her lips. The other woman's fingers wandered up the wife's torso and traced a line along the underside of her bra from the center of her cleavage to the middle of her back. With a tug she unfastened the wife's bra, which fell away releasing her naked breasts to swing freely in the open air. The men caught their breath and sat spellbound as the women pranced gleefully back to their seats, the wife's tits bouncing each step of the way.

It was difficult for the men to play the next round, seeing as they were so distracted, and the wife squared her shoulders, rocking them slowly from side to side to flaunt her bare breasts the whole round just to make it that much more difficult. The men lost miserably, the husband generally distracted and the other man staring at the wife's chest the entire round. The wife squared her shoulders toward him, holding her cards so as not to block his view and ensuring that the men had to go to the middle of the room and strip for their women once again. The husband unbuckled his belt with a thrust of his hips and turned his back to the audience as he dropped his pants. The other man stripped off his v-neck undershirt and tossed it aside, still mesmerized by his friend's topless wife.

He was thinner than the husband and not as muscular, but smooth-skinned and nicely tan. And judging by the bulge in his boxers he was just as well-hung as the other member of his team, who turned around and struck a pose to let the women get a good view of his thinly veiled cock bobbing in the red and orange fabric that stretched to confine it. The two men, now wearing only boxers, sat back down at the table and poured another round of vodka.

The next hand was dealt and despite their best efforts the women were outplayed. Everyone took a sip of vodka, then the men sat back triumphantly and watched the women move to the bed. The other woman laid on the bed facing the men and propping herself up on her elbows, giving them a good view of her cleavage. The wife knelt on the bed keeping her black and white stiletto ankle shoes off the sheets. She swayed her ass as she crawled toward her teammate and swung her leg over the other woman's ass, straddling her waist. She started unfastening the corset bindings down the woman's back with both hands, thrusting her chest forward as she did so to show off her naked breasts. The other woman smiled coyly at the men and traced the top of her corset with her finger while she waited patiently for the wife to free her tits from their containment. 

When she was finished, the wife ran her fingers down the length of the other woman's naked spine before crawling off and sitting on the front edge of the bed. She leaned back on her arms and gently swayed her naked breasts as she innocently turned her head to look at her teammate's. All three of them watched as the other woman brought her knees up to her ribs, waving her string-bikini-covered ass in the air and keeping her breasts pressed against the bed til the last minute. Then she raised her shoulders up until she was kneeling with her knees wide-spread, head thrown back, chest forward, and tits completely exposed. She slid her hands up her thighs and down in front of her pussy, resting them against the bed and pressed her arms together to accentuate her cleavage. The men were speechless, frozen in ocular pleasure as their minds reeled at what they were seeing.

The wife stood and planted her feet shoulder width apart in profile to the men, leaning her head back, thrusting her chest forward, and closing her eyes. The other woman crawled off the bed and knelt at her feet, running her hands from the wife's knees up her thighs to her waist and leaning in to her crotch. Her breasts swayed under her arms as she took the thong into her mouth and flicked the exposed clit with the tip of her tongue. The wife's eyes were still closed and she was not expecting the other woman to remove her thong with her mouth, let alone lick her clit. Her body tensed in shock for a moment, then relaxed as she leaned her hips into the capable mouth that was creating this incredible feeling in her loins and let out a soft moan of pleasure.

It was over far too quickly as the other woman took the thong in her teeth and slowly lowered her body to the floor. Ultimate willpower was exhibited by the men just to keep from cumming in their boxers as they watched the spectacle. The wife snapped back to reality with a sleepy smile and stepped out of her thong with a cheerful sigh. Crossing one leg behind the other she posed in front of the men wearing nothing but her high heels while the other woman got up and joined her. They held each others waists with one arm and threw their other arms up in the air like they had just performed a magic trick. As far as the men were concerned, they had.

The next hand went the way of the two pairs of bouncing breasts. The men happily got up and stood in the center of the room, staring at their mostly naked women for a moment before stripping. Their boxer shorts didn't hide the size of their members, and sliding them down to their ankles was just a matter of course. The heads of their dicks bobbed as they escaped their confinement and swelled to a thick, shiny purple as the women watched smugly. The men ran their hands up and down their well-muscled torsos, flexing and strutting. The other man cupped his balls and the husband sent some hip thrusts in the women's direction with wink at each of them. The men returned to their seats, naked and hoping to beat the women in the next round.

Another round of vodka and another hand of cards had them all touching themselves to try to distract and entice their opponents. The men sat with their legs spread, holding the bases of their cocks while they acted like they were looking at their cards. The other woman similarly sat pinching her nipples with one hand as she pretended to look at her cards, breathing heavily and letting out soft gasps with each pinch. 

The wife laid her hand face up on the table and thrust her tits out over them, petting her chest and cupping her breasts as she pretended to inspect her nipples. The husband looked back and forth between them, then stood, struck a relaxed pose, and lightly caressed his balls a few inches above the table while he focused on playing the cards in his other hand. The other man stared at the wife's breasts, breaking only to watch the other woman whenever she moaned or gasped. Since the husband was the only one paying any attention to the card game, the men won. The women slammed their last two cards onto the table, grinned wryly at their defeat, and strutted to the center of the room. 

The wife, wearing nothing but her black and white stiletto ankle shoes, stuck her hands in her hair, her arms above her head, and daintily walked a circle around her teammate several times. The other woman stood sideways on tiptoe with her feet spread and bent over at the waist, keeping her shoulders back. She ran her hands over her tits and torso, around her ass to the top of her fishnet stockings. Her hands stopped briefly at her pussy to pull her asscheeks apart as the wife stood behind her, thrusting her hips and moaning for the benefit of their audience. Then the other woman slid her hands down one leg, stripping her stocking down to her ankles as she went, and repeated the process down her other leg. When she was finished she stood up, bringing first one foot then the other up to her ass and removing the stocking, tossing it aside. Wearing nothing but string bikini panties she blew the men a kiss and winked. Then the wife kicked off her shoes, playfully smacked the other woman on the ass, and sat back down.

The men had gotten used to watching without masturbating and now looked over their opponents smugly as they sipped their vodka and played the next hand with raging hardons. The cards were in the mens favor and halfway through the round they stood, letting their cocks hang out over the table to distract their opponents for the last few tricks. It worked, and the women were once again in their debt. The wife, now with nothing left to strip, stood up and told her husband and the other man to sit on the edge of the bed and spread their legs. She followed them with the other woman who, having the only article of clothing between the four of them, struck an arched back tits forward pose in the middle of the room and waited. The men sat obediently on the edge of the bed with their eyes fixed on the string bikini panties that were about to be removed, legs spread for easy access to their hard, swollen dicks.

The wife knelt in front of them and placed each of her palms on their cum canals, wrapping her fingers around their shafts. The other woman took her cue and came to life, walking back and forth in front of her audience in short, swaying steps, making sure to playfully swing her breasts as she slowly danced for their enjoyment. The wife stroked the cocks she was holding with long, fluid motions and cupped their tight balls, tickling them with her fingertips and leaning in to the other man's crotch.

The other woman turned her back to them and leaned forward, hooking her hands in her panties and sliding them around the curve of her ass as the wife slid the other man's cock into her mouth. She wrapped her lips around the cleft of his swollen head and slowly bobbed her head up and down on his shaft, moaning a little and relishing the sensation of his silky smooth skin against her tongue. With one hand she reached down and gently squeezed his balls as she sucked, while she cupped the length her husband's member with her other hand and gently caressed him with her grasping fingers.

When the other woman got her panties down to her knees she let them drop and waved her ass in the air, running her hands along her thighs so the men could savor the sight of her curvaceous hips and delectably pouty pussy lips. The wife ran her lips from the base of the other man's cock up his shaft and around his head, pausing to lick up his pre-cum before moving over to her husband's manmeat. She deepthroated his familiar dick, then pulled back along his shaft to wrap her lips around his swollen purple head and wrap her fingers around his girth. Her head bobbed slowly on his member as she jacked him off into her mouth with one hand and her other hand fondled every inch of the other man's dick.

The other woman stood up and turned to face them, flaunting her breasts and body as she brought her feet up to her ass to step out of her panties lying on the floor. The wife slid her mouth off of her husband and gave them both a few last strokes before standing up. Their minute was over and with much difficulty the men had kept themselves from cumming. The women smiled at each other knowingly, confident they could get 'em next time, and they all returned to their seats.

The next two hands went terribly for the men, and they treated their women twice in a row. First, the men led their women to the bed and laid them down side by side with their shoulders and hips touching. They lay down next to them and wrapped them in an embrace, kissing them deeply and running their hands down over their breasts. They pinched their nipples and traced their fingers down their torsos in to the hot spot between their legs. Their fingers darted in and out of their moist snatches, gently rubbing their pussy lips with their own sex juices and massaging their growing clits. Each couple could feel the other becoming more and more aroused, and it only fueled their own enjoyment as the four of them touched their lovers on the two person bed. They all agreed that the minute was over far too quickly.

Second, the men brought their women back to the bed and laid they down side by side again. Then, draping their women's legs across each other as they spread them wide, they bent down and kissed their pussies. The women drew in their breath and closed their eyes, their bodies pressed beside each other to share their heightened sexuality as their men ate them out. The men ran their hands up and down the women's legs as they licked and kissed their intimate lips, sucking on their clits and darting their tongues in and out of their pussies. The women each caressed the head between their legs with one hand while they caressed their own breasts with the other. They pinched their nipples and arched their backs in unison, a surge of sexual energy coursing through them and heightening their arousal.

The wife moved her hand from her husband's head onto the other woman's inner thigh, and the other woman immediately returned the favor, upping the ante by sliding her hand down and rubbing her fingers around the wife's pussy lips. The wife started breathing heavier and shifted her hips toward the other woman, reaching over to run her fingers down her chest and pinch her nipple. The men were still holding their women's asses in both hands an pulling them hard into their ravening mouths as the other woman pulled the wife's breast into her mouth. The wife threw her head back and pulled the other woman's head close as the tongue licking her nipple and her husband's incessant mouth drove her to climax. Her body seized up and she let out a long cry of pleasure as her mind was overtaken by a crushing orgasm. She held one head against her chest and the other into her crotch as she came all over her husband's chin. He eagerly licked up her juices and held her hips to his face until she had finally subsided and relaxed.
