 Jane showed up to my apartment ready for the little road trip up to Ashley's. I'd always found Jane sexy, even though she may have not have been in the traditional sense. She was pretty short, with tanned skin and nicely sized 34C tits that looked bigger than that on her frame. Even though she wasn't dressed for sexiness, she still made me instantly hard just at the sight of her. She was wearing a tight zip-up grey sweatshirt and a pair of dark red shorts that shouldn't have even been considered shorts, as they showed nearly every inch of her legs. I wanted to lay her down right there and just fuck her in the doorway, but I knew we had bigger plans.

"c'mon, you'll drive, I have all my stuff for tonight in the trunk."

"stuff?"

"Sam, if we're going to have a real 3-way weekend experience, I had to bring some supplies."

"Like what?"

"that's for you to find out" she winked at me "and Ashley to find out too"

she lead me to the car and I watched her ass sway back and forth the whole way. I was pretty sure she wasn't wearing any panties, judging by how tightly the shorts clung to her tight little ass.

We got on the road, and not even within ten minutes of us heading toward Ashley, Jane was trying to distract me. She zipped her hoodie down bit by bit, revealing more and more of her large breasts.

"You wanna see how comfortable I made myself for this little trip?"

I had to focus on driving, but that didn't stop Jane. She unzipped her hoodie the rest of the way to reveal her beautiful breasts, nipples hard as rocks, unrestricted by the bra she neglected to wear.

"Do you like them?"

"Of course I do, Jane"

"Then touch them."

As much as I wanted to, rubbing Jane's amazing tits and driving just didn't mix "Jane, I'm driving..."

she reached over and rubbed her hand on my cock through my jeans "then pull over."

it didn't take much more convincing. About a mile later, I pulled the car over into a secluded spot and I finally had a chance to look at Jane's amazing tits. Her pink nipples were standing fully erect, waiting to be sucked or teased, or whatever else we could come up with. They grey sweatshirt outlining her tanned skin made them that much better looking. I reached out and kneaded one in my hand, feeling the nipple harden even more underneath my palm. Jane moaned a little bit and almost by reaction her hand moved between her legs. I worked her tits some more, bending down and licking them every once in a while, sliding my tongue along the hard nipples and pinching them between my lips to make Jane moan that much louder inside the cramped car. I looked down and saw her hand working furiously on her pussy, moving her shorts to the side and exposing her pink wetness.

"do we have room in the car to fuck?" I asked Jane, the sound of her wetness between her fingers almost drowning me out.

"I don't think so, but I really want to suck you off."

this was another thing that didn't take much convincing at all. I unzipped my pants, and the moment my cock was pulled out, Jane pretty much dove on the thing, sucking the head in her big wet lips. She got up on her knees in her seat and got into a good rhythm on my cock, while she was doing that I was still working her nipples and slipping my hand between her legs every once in a while. Jane continued to devour my cock, taking the entire length in her mouth with every last suck. Between the feeling of her warm mouth and tongue enveloping my cock, seeing her big tits swing back and forth, and feeling her amazing wetness as I flicked my fingers across her clit, I couldn't help myself but to start cumming. As Jane felt the cum spurting up, she lowered my whole cock into her mouth, swallowing up every last bit of the cum as she continued to suck me as hard as she could. After every last bit of cum was gone, she popped her head up, wiped her mouth of a little bit and zipped her shirt back up.

"that was worth pulling over for, right?"

"you have no fucking clue how good that was."

She took her hand and rubbed her pussy a little bit before showing me her glistening fingertips that she then licked "Oh, I think I have a pretty good idea." Even though Jane had just given me a powerfully draining orgasm, I was ready to fuck her again, but I decided we should wait, we shouldn't exhaust ourselves before getting to Ashley.

We drove the rest of the way to Ashley's house without any more stops, but once we hit the interstate again Jane did pull a vibrator out of her bag and finished herself off in a few minutes, the buzzing and her moans making me want to stop the car again.

**

We arrived at Ashley's doorstep at about four, Jane carrying her overnight bag. Ashley came to the door in a sexy spaghetti strap top that did nothing to hide the hardness of her nipples, and yoga pants that hung low on her hips, giving me a tasty glimpse at what I was going to enjoy later. Ashley was a very delicate beauty, with slight features and incredibly pale skin dotted with freckles all over...well all over as far as I could see at this point.

"Hey Sam!" Ashley said, hugging me...her nipples pressing against my chest "And this is...Jane, right?"

"yeah, I think we're going to be fucking later?" Jane smiled, and Ashley laughed.

"I have to say I'm a little nervous about this whole thing, but I'm also like, super excited for it. I've been, like, OCD cleaning the house today before you guys got here just so I wouldn't think about tonight."

"Well, just relax, we'll make it comfortable, I promise." Jane moved over to Ashley and put her forehead against hers, staring seductively, then she ran her hand down Ashley's back, stopping at the top of her ass.

"oh wow" Ashley began to blush and chuckle "I think I'm going to love this weekend!"

We moved into Ashley's living room and Jane sat her stuff down on the floor. "So, Ashley, this being your house and this being your first time for this stuff, how do you want to do this? Just get right down to it right away and break the tension, or maybe go out, get to know Jane a little bit and then get down to the hard fucking?"

"Oh, so both the results involve hard fucking"

"I sure hope so" Ashley and I shared a smile. I couldn't wait to slide my cock into her, with Jane watching.

Ashley looked both of us up and down, pondering for a bit. "I think I wanna go out...if we start fucking now, I think I'd freak out and probably cum really quickly and be too tired to do more."

"OK, cool, no problem."

"If we're going out, I need to get dressed." Jane said

"Me too, you wanna come change in my room?" Ashley said

"Sure" and both girls went off into the bedroom while I sat on the couch, just thinking about the things I was going to do with the both of them over the course of the weekend.

**

We went out, but it was pretty uneventful. We drank, had a good meal, and talked. Ashley revealed a lot about herself, like how she masturbated to Jane's pictures on Facebook a couple of times after she agreed to do this weekend. After Jane heard that, she moved over to Ashley's side of the dinner table and began rubbing her thigh...I could tell they'd be fast friends.

**

With a couple of drinks in all three of us, we got back into Ashley's house. It was now dark and all of us knew what would be happening next.

"so, uh, you guys want to go into my bedroom so we can start this?" Ashley said, the tension still making her shake and blush a little, but I could tell she was like a caged animal, ready for whatever was coming to her. Wordlessly, we moved into the bedroom, which Ashley had prepared with mood lighting beforehand, giving the whole place a very sexy feel.

"Sam, you strip down...Ashley, you and I are going to change in the bathroom, OK?"

Ashley closed her eyes and gulped. The gravity of the situation was hitting now, but she kept a smile on her face. "I'm ready for it, Jane." she said, and reached out and cradled Jane's head before kissing her. Both girls giggled and went into Ashley's bathroom. I stripped down and waited on the bed.

Jane came out of Ashley's bathroom in a bright red corset that I'd never seen before, a corset she'd surely bought for the weekend. It pushed her tits up perfectly just to the point where I could see the edge of her nipples poking out from the tops. She wasn't wearing any panties at all, but Jane's always been a girl that wanted to get right down to business, and panties would interrupt that.

"You like?" she said, sweeping her hands down her body showing off the goods. Her hands lingered over her freshly shaven pussy, her tiny lips already glistening with wetness.

'it's fucking amazing' I said to her, and went over and kissed her, my rock hard cock pushing against her wet slit.

The door to the bathroom opened again and Ashley emerged. Her outfit was a lot less daring than Jane's, a semi-transparent nightie that was incredibly short and showed off her beautifully freckled legs. The fabric was thin enough to where I could see how dark Ashley's nipples were, a nice contrast to Jane's light pink ones.

"Wow Ashley, you look amazing!" I said

She swept her hair behind her ears and smiled, then she tugged on the end of the nightie and looked at me "I thought you two would like it."

I went over to Ashley and kissed her, our tongues entwining. My cock rested against the soft fabric of the nightie and I could feel the warmth from her pussy emanating through the thin material. She twisted her hips back ever so slightly, showing that it would take a little more warming up for her before she would go all out with the two of us.

"So...umm, how are we going to do this?" Ashley said.

Jane sat on the bed "you look a little nervous"

"I am...I mean, I'm really, really horny, but it's just all so much for me, I'm just buzzing."

"well I've found that the best way to get warmed up to one of these is either through a little oral, or maybe you could watch us go at it for a while and just jump in when you feel like it."

Ashley looked down at my cock and licked her lips. "I think I'll suck Sam for a little bit, then let you to start fucking and I'll just join in."

"Fair enough" I said, and I sat down on the bed next to Jane. Ashley got on her knees at the edge of the bed and took my cock into her small hand. She first kissed my cock up and down the length, while she worked her thumb across the head. Even though she was being a little shy about it, she was pretty damn amazing at sucking cock. She finally took her mouth and sucked my cock all the way down, her tongue swirling around and sucking at the same time. Jane, who had moved to the floor to be on level with Ashley, gently rubbed the back of her head and neck, willing Ashley to go deeper, go harder...I"m happy to say Ashley obliged. Her rhythm picked up more and more, and pretty soon she was going all out on my cock, taking the whole thing with every breath.

Ashley popped up from my cock and gripped it "are you about to cum?"

"yeah, you may want to pace yourself on it..."

"No, I want it right now, in me, Sam...I want to feel your cock" she said, hand still stroking up and down the length.

"You sure? I mean, I don't want you to jump into this..."

Ashley stood up from her knees and stripped off her nightie, revealing a nicely trimmed pussy and those nipples that were so teasingly hidden behind the fabric before. Her tits were small but worked perfectly for her body, and her freckles made everything that much sexier. She laid down on the bed on her back and spread her legs apart, showing off her tiny pussy, which was now dripping wet, leaving delicious traces of wetness on her thighs.

"Fuck me, Sam, please fuck me."

I took no more convincing and got up on the bed with Ashley. I grabbed both of her legs and lined my cock up with her soaking hole. I felt her tense up, but I was so close to fucking her that I wasn't going to second guess this. I worked the head inside of her, and she was unbelieveably tight, almost to the point where I wasn't sure I would fit, but as I saw Ashley work her tits and smile as the cock filled her up, I pushed on. Jane came over to the bed and laid down next to Ashley, rubbing her tits and kissing her as I started to really pump my cock into Ashley's wet folds. She moaned loudly as I kept pounding in and out. Ashley helped herself along by rubbing her thumb on her clit, which made her that much wetter and let me go that much faster. Even though her pussy was a tight fit at first, after about a minute of nailing her, I was sliding in and out with ease.

"fuck that little pussy, Sam, I want to see Ashley cum all over the place" Jane said, working Ashley's dark nipples between her fingers. I started to really pound Ashley, feeling her amazing warm wetness lubricate my cock as I slid every last bit of it into her. Ashley moaned more and more with the combined pleasure from me and Jane, and soon I was feeling the first spasms of her orgasm beginning in her tight slit. This of course caused me to start cumming myself, keeping my cock in the whole way as I filled Ashley up with my cum. Her whole body turned red as her orgasm rocked her body

I pulled out of Ashley's pussy, still shuddering from how amazing it felt to finally fuck her after such a long time of fantasizing about what it would be like...I certainly didn't expect Jane to be there working her amazing tits while I did it. As I pulled the head out, Jane rushed over and began slurping off every last bit of my cum as well as Ashley's juices "Mmmm, I fucking love the taste of your cum, Sam."

Ashley ran her hands down her thighs "you know there's more where that came from." she said and ran her finger along her pussy. I couldn't believe the regularly shy Ashley was now asking, begging a girl to lick her pussy.

Jane turned around from my cock and grabbed Ashley's legs behind the knees, sliding her down the bed and giving her a good angle on her pussy. She started out slow at first, lapping at the insides of Ashley's thighs and generally teasing her, but then she worked her way to laying longing kisses on Ashley's pussy and Ashley was in ecstasy all over again. Much to my surprise, I was also instantly hard at the sight of Ashley getting her pussy licked. And with this scene in front of me, I had to do something about it.

"Lift your ass up, Jane, tilt your pussy up, I want to fuck it." Jane nodded and complied, presenting her soaking wet red pussy to me. I lined my cock up and sank it inside of her. Jane wasn't nearly as tight as Ashley, but her pussy was one of the wettest, if not the wettest I'd ever fucked. I grabbed her by the hips and began to slam her down onto my cock while she focused on Ashley, moaning as she ate Ashley out more and more. Ashley, meanwhile, was laying on her back taking it all in, rubbing her hands on her tits and holding Jane's head down when she hit just the right spot, which was pretty frequently. It was amazing to watch Jane devour Ashley's pussy with such expertise, her little pink tongue flick across Ashley's clit, a clit which hadn't received the careful attention a girl can provide it.

Ashley and I locked eyes and shared a smile, a smile acknowledging that both of us were receiving a ton of pleasure from Jane, with me plunging my entire cock into her slick wet pussy, a pussy that knew how to expertly take a cock, a pussy that I was able to pound with abandon, something I couldn't yet do to Ashley since her nearly virginal pussy resisted and clung to my cock with its incredible tightness, meanwhile Ashley was receiving pleasure from Jane's expert work of licking pussy, something Jane had trained on a couple of weeks ago when we had a nice extended fuck session with Penny, the first pussy Jane had ever licked.

"your pussy tastes so fucking amazing, Ashley, I could eat it all night."

"I wish you would!" Ashley said, holding Jane's head down as Jane drove her tongue into Ashley's tight hole as I grabbed at Jane's tits

"ohhh, fuck, fuck, fuck!!!" Jane screamed, burying her face into Ashley's pussy as I gave her her first non-self induced orgasm of the day. This caused a chain reaction of Ashley convulsing and digging her heels into Jane's back as another orgasm, the second in about ten minutes, rippled through her body, and feeling the results of both of these, I shoved my cock in as far as it would go and let myself cum inside of Jane's accommodating pussy. With us all exhausted after the intense threesome, we all fell asleep in a tangled, naked mass. Over the course of the night there were little outbursts of sex, with me wanting to feel my cock inside Ashley's pussy one more time tonight and then Jane fingering herself as Ashley watched and followed along, then I joined in by jerking off for both of them, finally cumming on Ashley's face, which Jane licked up like a pro.

*

I woke up the next morning and looked down to see Ashley holding my cock in her hand, rubbing it up and down. She smiled as she saw that her action was causing me to wake up, and let me tell you it was better than any fucking alarm clock.

"What are you doing?" I said

Ashley lowered her head down and planted some kisses on my cock, then swirled her tongue around my head. "I thought I'd get some solo action, just you and me before Jane woke up." Jane was sleeping in a chair in the corner of Ashley's room, a chair she ended up in after I ate her out for a while in the middle of the night.

"Sure, I think I'm ready for it."

Ashley looked down at my incredibly hard cock, her hand still rubbing it up and down to make sure it was as hard as possible. "I think so too."

Ashley swung her legs over mine and gently lowered herself onto me. It was the third time I'd had my cock inside of her beautiful pussy, but it felt like the first time all over again. With Ashley on top, I let her build her rhythm. She went up and down in small motions, letting my head stay completely inside her the whole time.

"Ashley, you're so fucking tight, it's amazing."

"I know, I'm pretty sure it's because this is like my fourth time having sex ever."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah." She sped up "and it's the fucking best I've ever had." She really started to go to town on my cock, lifting her hips up to where I was almost out of her pussy, the edge of my head popping out a little, and then she would drop back down onto it. Her tits, even though they were small, an A cup at best, still bounced deliciously as she rode my cock, throwing her head back as I filled her up. I reached up and grabbed her tits in both of my hands, rubbing the amazing little nipples under my palms. The whole scene laid out in front of me with my hands gripping Ashley's tiny tits her pale freckled skin getting more red as she got closer to orgasm. All of the sudden Ashley thrust her hands down onto my chest and clamped her pussy down in my cock, shaking as yet another orgasm ripped through her body. She turned her face to the ceiling, grinding herself onto my cock as her tight pussy pulsated and gripped me causing me to start to cum in Ashley's pussy again. By how easily Ashley was having orgasms I knew she wasn't lying about this being her first few times having sex and I was ok with that. I was sure Jane and I would have no issues breaking her in.

After she finished up her orgasm she reluctantly pulled herself off if my cock and laid down on the bed. "I need that every fucking morning..." she said, running her fingers along her slit and licking up some of my cum and her own wetness. "could you come up here every day and fill up my little pussy for me?"

"Trust me, I'd love to"

"That was pretty nice, you two." said a voice from across the room. Jane sat up a little and wrapped her blanket around herself a little bit, cinching it around her tits to where they were just an inch from falling out. She smiled at us.
