 The weather in July was just as expected on the shores of Lake Michigan's warm beaches. Clara had finally finished her senior year, moved out of her parents family home, and was enrolled for college in the next coming fall. Not only had she grown career wise, but she was no longer a virgin!

Clara's adventures at the sex shop in her old town had given her an introduction to the world of sex and danger. She absolutely loved it. 

What had prompted Clara to be at this specific beach, was her utter neediness to be fucked again, especially by strangers. This specific beach, was a nude beach. 

The sand tickled her bare toes, she left her shoes in the car, and wore nothing but a pair of shorts and a short tank top, no bra, and no underwear. There was something freeing about feeling her own bouncing breasts rubbing against a tight shirt. No matter how many times she replayed her lost virginity in her mind, she still felt like a virgin. New to every sex scene. She thought possibly a nude beach would give her the chance to observe different types of people and body shapes, and possibly gain a new experience with a stranger. 

"You look new here." An excited male voice made her almost jump. A pair of tall masculine boys appeared on both sides of her, rising a blush to her cheeks. 

"We like to welcome the newcomers, so they don't get scared away." Said the second, he bent down slightly and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek. The second grabbed her arm gently and kissed her wrist. 

"Welcome!" The boys both giggled. Clara was mostly awestruck. 

"I'm Clara." She tried not to laugh as they continued to walk to the beach. She could tell both the boys were inherently gay, but the way they looked her up and down she felt as if maybe these two had more to them than she knew about yet. 

They walked into the beach together, she learned their names were Xavier and Matthew, they were in fact a couple, but very open with their relationship. She wasn't even slightly prepared when they made it close enough to the water to see everyone else at the beach. Before Clara could even take in all the bodies, the smell of the freshwater and seething hot sun, Matthew and Xavier were stripping their shirts and shorts in front of her. She almost let out a full gasp when she realized neither of them were wearing underwear either. 

They rolled out towels close to each other, and Clara was somewhat happy to not be completely alone. She slowly stripped her own shirt, letting her perky breasts jiggle for everyone to see. With a small amount of hesitation, she let her shorts drop, and her still tight and fruitful pussy expose to the world. 

"Quite a bit of fresh meat on the beach today." Xavier stuck his tongue out at her playfully. She hadn't noticed until then that as they sat close together, Xavier had his arm wrapped around Matthew's growing cock. She felt her cheeks blush more than she thought possible. A couple, fooling around right in front of her turned her on more than she cared to admit. 

Matthew groaned, she took in the image of both the boys, tanned and muscled. Matthew was slightly larger and Xavier more pale. Xavier seemed comfortable, sliding his wrist around Matthew's ever growing cock, he seemed so experienced and perfect like every slide of his wrist, flick of his thumb was perfectly placed. 

She took a moment to look at the others around her, a large, italian looking man was stretching and doing some sort of yoga. He was full of fury black hair, all the way down his back and legs. As he moved, she admired his thick furry cock. It even looked like it could cause her pain.

In the water a pretty middle aged couple swam about, she could see the women's bulbous breasts, long flowing hair. She looked like a goddess, and she looked happily married to the man in the water. Clara went to comment on the happy couple, but was stunned to watch a third man appear from the water, gasping for air. She put two and two together, and realized he was going down on her underwater. 

"I feel kind of out of place." Clara laughed, everyone seemed to have partners already. 

"Oh don't be, your with us." Xavier winked his bright blue eyes at her. "If you want to be." His smile seemed so inviting. Clara couldn't help but press her thighs together, she didn't want them to see her glistening wetness. 

"Matthew here, isn't completely gay. We would love to invite you to play." Xavier smiled and reached a hand out to her. Like she was making a deal with the devil she grasped his hand and he brought her in closer to Matthew who had his arms behind his head, flexing his delicious arm muscles looking more than relaxed. 

"I've never done this before.." Clara stuttered a bit, she hadn't expected she would have to do all the work. Losing her virginity, she was fucked senseless. She hadn't been expected to do anything but cum. Now, Matthew was expecting her to work to get that cum. 

"I'll teach you everything I know!" Xavier intertwined his fingers with hers and grinned. Xavier motioned for her to bring her hand to Matthew's thigh, it was muscled and soft under her hand. She watched closely as Xavier's hand rubbed his tight ball sack. 

"Try it." He nudged her on, Clara slowly moved her hand to his thick set of balls, he was almost hairless, but it felt so smooth and soft on her hands pale hands. She squeezed a bit, to see them bulge a little eliciting a deep moan from Matthew. 

"Wanna suck it? That's my favorite part." Xavier smiled, he was watching so intently she didn't notice his own cock standing at attention. His was less thick but much longer. 

Clara wasn't sure exactly how to go about putting her mouth on it, she had seen it in porn before, but her lips had never graced a cock before. 

"I never have before." She whispered. Matthew perked up a bit, he smiled at her. 

"Just give it a go, promise you'll do fine." Matthew's words reassured her, and without further ado she bent down and opened her mouth, she used her hand to stand his huge cock upright, and she rested her tongue on the underside of his bulbous head. 

The taste was not what she expected, he was salty and fresh, what she would expect the freshwater lakes to taste like. It wasn't more than a moment and she realized she had his first few inches in her mouth. Her tongue knew what it was doing more than she did, she rolled her lips around his length and slide her tongue up and down his girth. 

"Together?" Xavier grinned, she could almost see the lust in his eyes. She nodded, drool dancing on her lips. Together Xavier raced his tongue up and down Matthew's length and Clara on the other. She felt her breasts dangling under her, so close to Matthew's toned legs.

"Oh god.." Matthew groaned, his stomach rolled slightly, she could see his cock engorge more. She could taste the small droplets of precum dripping from his reddened head. "Xavier come." He urged, before Clara could protest Xavier was up and sliding besides his head. She watched eagerly as Xavier slid his hard cock into Matthew's mouth, she hadn't expected to be left alone..

She decided to go with it, Matthew's head bobbed up and down on the cock and she couldn't help but reach her own hand down and fondle her wetness. Her clit throbbed at the idea of fucking the delicious man in front of her. But she wasn't even sure he was into that. With one hand in her pussy, she wrapped her mouth around the cock in front of her and went to town. 

Clara mimicked the motion of the cocksucking in front of her. She let the whole member slide into her mouth and deep down her throat. She gagged a bit, but suddenly felt a thick hand resting on her head. She attempted to look up and see whose hand, but she realized Matthew was forcing her head down onto his throbbing member. 

"Stop!" Matthew sputtered, the thick manly hands wrapped around her head pulled her up. For a moment, Clara whose mouth was filled with drool and precum, was startled. "Wanna fuck?" Matthew sat up, and grinned at her, he grabbed Clara's wrist and easily slid her on top of him, her glistening pussy was on display for all to see. 

Her heart raced, she was in full control, she wanted to savor this moment. She slid down on him softly, his throbbing cock barely scraping against her tight entrance. She let a soft moan escape, she hadn't meant to. But it just felt so good. 

Xavier waited for the exact moment his boyfriends cock slid into the writhing slutty girl in front of them. He found himself harder than ever. "Open." Xavier pleaded. Matthew's mouth was like gold, soft as anything he had ever wished for. His member slid in so softly and he felt a spurt of precum dribble across the lips of his boyfriend. The whole time he had not completely noticed the regulars strolling by, chatting with each other and stroking themselves to the scene. Xavier knew Clara had no idea how sexy she was, lucky to be such a pretty and young women. He was mildly jealous, but Matthew's mouth gulped his member and sucked the life from him so hard he could not focus any longer.

"I'm going to cum!" Xavier moaned, his hands writhed through his boyfriends hair, every part of him sweaty and a little bit sandy. 

Finally right at the final moment, he felt his balls swell tight and the cum rushed up from his groin so fast it was an uncontrollable volcano of sperm. He couldn't control the cry of ecstasy as he exploded into his loves mouth. 

The moment Clara saw the cum gush out of Xavier's cock, she felt her own very real orgasm erupting from the base of her pussy. She hadn't even noticed as she rode the huge slick member of Matthew, her own fingers rocked against her clit so fast her heart felt like it was vibrating.

Matthew licked the cum from his lips, barely minding the earthy salt taste of his delicious boy toys cream. Clara was riding his cock like her life depended on it, her soft pale skin stretched and seemed shimmery from the sweat and the sun. Her huge perky tits were so perfectly bouncy with rosebud nipples. She was like some sort of perfect sex animal. Suddenly Matthew felt something so strong and primal he couldn't have stopped it even if he tried. His hips somehow brought them closer and he humped her thin womanly hips so hard he thought she might break. Her soft folds seemed to clench around him and Matthew felt something he wasn't sure he actually had ever felt before. 

Clara came so hard on his hips she felt like nothing mattered, her eyes stayed closed tightly, and her rosy pink lips bit down until she almost tasted blood. The cock inside her erupted in rhyme. She gyrated so hard she felt the cum spill out over her seams. 

"By far, the best we've ever shared." Xavier grinned, a goofy boy grin. His chest heaved as he sat cross legged combing his hands through Matthew's sweaty hair. They made a great pair, but a better threesome.

Clara slipped off Matthew's lap, her plush pussy beaten almost raw. But for the first time she had a shaking orgasm while being fucked, or really, as she fucked. Her ginger hair fell around her face, framing her blushing cheeks. Clara giggled. 

"I would love to do it again sometime."