 Mark and I talked a lot online about different fantasies that appealed to us. We were surprised by how many scenarios we had in common. Our fantasies were astonishingly similar, so we teased each other that we needed to meet for we so alike. Where were you back when? Why didn't I meet you first?

I am involved with a man named Dan and I openly share my fantasy exchanges with him all the time. Dan enjoys reading my exchanges with Mark. I sometimes read them out loud to him, which is a turn-on for him as he listens to me. The opportunity arose in Dan's business for him to go to the west coast. Dan invited me to join in and I couldn't resist reminding him of the threesome fantasy. Are you ready to take the next step in our relationship? He agreed. His laughter filling the room behind me as I was ransacked my closet searching for the right outfit.

Dan wrapped his arms around me," Minx, we will go shopping out there I know how women are." I tossed my arms around his neck, kissed him passionately.

The flight was uneventful; we napped and talked as the day slipped away. We discussed our thoughts of the following day and our expectations. We both anticipated a positive interaction with Mark if his writing is even slightly close to his real nature. Hmmm I hope so for he does arouse me with his thinking.

Arriving at our hotel, I headed for a hot steaming bath as Dan caught up on some work proposals that needed to be done for the meeting 2 days from now. I curled up on the bed every once in a while making eye contact with Dan. He finished then came and joined me in the oversized king bed, snuggling against his chest I fell asleep.

The morning arrived and breakfast was delicious. Dan and I took a shower together, playing with each other before embarking to the unlimited selections of clothes that LA has to offer. I drove Dan crazy with my indecision about the just right outfit for our date later. Dan finally stepped in after 16 outfits and said to the clerk," the black one with all the buttons down the front."

I smiled," tossed my arms around his neck and kissed him in front of the clerk. My master speaks and I obey!"

Once more back at the hotel we made love and took a short nap before rising to take a shower. Dan took great pleasure in preparing me for another this evening. He shaved my pussy, my underarms and legs. Then rubbing my whole body with moisturizers making my skin radiantly pink. He watched as I fussed with my hair then slipping into my black lace panties and push-up bra that said hello cleavage! Then slipping my dress over my head and then leaning down to buckle my heels around my ankles. Standing before Dan I sought his visual opinion of the outfit on me. 

Nodding in approval after he made a slight adjustment to my dress, he unbuttoned two buttons at the top exposing more of my cleavage and then six on the button so my the lace panties showed slightly as I walked. I kissed Dan then glanced at his selection, I love him in that powder blue dress shirt with his tan khaki's.

"Men why is they make women feel as if they need to look like they have been tumbled minutes ago and radiant with passion all the time to catch their eyes!"

He laughed," Honey you look so delicious when you radiate sex." Nudging me out the door to the elevator he leaned over and whispered in my ear," You look beautiful all the time to me!" 

I lifted my head to make eye contact with Dan, " I want to make sure you are comfortable with the evening sweetheart. I want this to be enjoyable to you as well as me." He nodded his head agreeing. I continued," I know we have discussed threesomes often but that is all it has been is discussion, if it feels wrong to you will you tell me so?"

Dan kissed my nose," Yes, Hon, I am very aware that we are breaking new ground together. The key word in this is together and yes I will speak my thoughts if I feel uncomfortable or this isn't working for me."

"I love you, Dan."

"I love you, Lily."

We arrived at the restaurant and a tall man approached as we entered. He extended his hand to Dan," Good evening, I am Mark."

He then leaned down to kiss me on the cheek. "Lily the pictures of you hardly do you justice. I am yours forever woman!"

I laughed at his gallantry and kissed his cheek, "Hi Sexy!"

The maitre'd escorted us to our table by the fireplace. The waiter arrived and Dan ordered for us both and Mark selected his choice before the men began discussing their careers. I glanced around at the beautiful setting, almost intimate with all the candles and the fire roaring before us.

"Do you approve Lily of my recommendation for your lodging?"

"Yes, very much so!"

Mark and Dan asked," Do you want to have an appetizer with our drinks?" They both roaring laughter as they asked at the same time.

I chuckled replying," Men with healthy appetites, what ever you two decide will be fine with me as long as you don't go overboard on the garlic please." Winking at them both, I rose to go the ladies room "I prefer you both taste mouth-watering later" Giggling as I sauntered off enjoying the amused expressions cross their handsome faces. Hmmm I have no doubt that this will prove to be an interesting evening as I glanced back at the two men engrossed in conversation.

When I returned to the table both men leapt to pull out m y chair. Dan graciously stepped aside to allow Mark the honor. I sat in the chair and felt fingers along the side of my thigh and knew that Dan was teasing me. Mark and I were making light conversation of the sights surrounding the city that might appeal to me while Dan was tied up in a meeting the next day. Dan chuckled as he reached my upper thigh and noted that I wasn't wearing panties any longer. I met his gaze shrugged and mouthed "Yes!" He nodded in agreement.

The appetizers were delicious and the drinks relaxing as we discussed our lives. Mark asked," Do you want another round?"

Looking into Dan's face for assurance, his nod of approval I then turned to Mark to comment. " A more private setting appeals to us, do you agree?

Mark and Dan rose quickly.

I giggled at the excitement apparent in both of them. Their eyes met briefly and then we burst in roaring laughter as the tension disappeared between the two men for this was a first time for us all. I broke the silence of the moment by stating," Now that we have gotten past the jitters. Let's get down to some serious sex, I feel the need to have two good cocks at my disposal." I walked ahead of the two men swaying my ass seductively so the bottom of my bare cheeks showed with my stride. I waited at the door f or both of them then as the door closed I slid my dress to the floor. Teasing them with my gestures as I rubbed my nipples till they were hard. I walked down the hall with my dress tossed over my shoulder down to the room with both of them walking behind me just black thigh high stockings, heels and a silver chain necklace and a smile on my face as we entered the room together. 

Tossing my dress over the chair I suggested they remove their clothes for me. I could grow to love watching two men undress in front of me. Feeling quite bold I asked if they knew what to do with an almost naked woman. 

Mark glanced at Dan then spoke," I would kiss her delectable lips."

Feeling brazen, "Which lips I have two?" I licked my tongue across my full painted pink lips in eager anticipation of the thrusting cocks in front of me. Beckoning their naked bodies closer to me I reached out to stroke each one. One cock in each hand every bad girl' s fantasy let the good times begin! I knelt down before them licking one then the other teasing as I pumped their eager shafts. Mark began to ooze some precum, licking the sweet nectar from his shaft. I lifted my head and asked Dan," Hon would you get the K-Y jelly I feel the need to have some cock up my ass while Mark here shows me what he assured me was his best talent…licking pussy." I patted the bed, "Mark would you lie on the bed with your face at the end so I can sit over your face and Dan can fill my ass with his cock." I wiggled my ass at Dan and said "fill my ass with your sweet shaft, I want to feel his tongue slither over my lips and on your balls as we ride his face together."

Mark quickly adjusted his body to accommodate me over his face and so he could lick both of us. Dan lubed my ass with his finger as I leaned over teasing Mark's shaft thrusting in the air with my tongue. I sighed into his cock as Dan entered my tight opening, his hands tightly around my hips as he began a slow rhythm. As he set a pace that was enjoyable to him, Mark matched his tongue flicks with getting my lips and Dan's balls. I could hear rapid breathing from Dan as this was exciting him very much as he fucked me. The sensation of his tongue on me was incredible as Dan fucked me, hmmm. So intense! The pace was increasing as Dan drove his cock deeper into me as he was nearing an orgasm. 

I tightened my lips around Mark's cock going up and down making him explode first flooding the back of my throat with his cum. Then Dan joined in with his cock flooding my ass. Mark licking all the juices as we overwhelmed his eager mouth with our cum. Mark fervently licked every drop I was thrashing on top of him as he rimmed me sucking every drop of Dan's cum from me. I shook as another orgasm shook me.

Dan helped me to rise and then went to reach down to help Mark up but instead touched his cock in a curiosity. I watched Mark's cock spring right up with the merest touch and knew that this was going to be interesting to see. I went and got wash clothes and thoroughly cleaned each man before suggesting to Dan that he lie down on the bed for it was Mark's turn to fuck me. I went and washed myself and lingered to see if they would explore more without me present. Mark and Dan didn't move to make the next step so I returned.

Dan laid down patted his chest for me to make myself comfy on his face straddling his chest as I did. I leaned down kissed his lips, whispered, "I love you." Then I boldly told Mark," fuck my pussy and fill it with so much cum I drip all over my Dan's face."

Mark said," I have cum for you my cum slut and then some!"

I arched my bottom as his cock slid into me, I was in heaven with two studs at my disposal fucking me and sucking me. Dan was licking me and Mark with deep licks driving me wild as he worked his tongue in between my lips then along Mark's cock as it entered in me. I felt Dan's fingers clenching into my thighs as he licked us. I leaned down to tease his cock thrashing in the air with nips of my teeth, feeling his moans against me.

Mark roared loudly as he filled me with his load. Dan licked every drop driving me crazy as I came. He kept licking me pulling me tightly in to his face. Mark slipped out of me then went down to the other end of the bed taking Dan's cock into his eager mouth sucking him with fervor. Dan didn't last long the excitement got to him as he shot his load into Mark's mouth. I leaned over to kiss Mark sharing the taste of my lover's cum in his mouth. HMMM!!

I asked Dan if he was ready to sample a man's cock. He nodded so I suggested that Mark stand before us and we kneeled one on each side. Licking him together as he came to life once again. I took his balls in my fingers rolling them as Dan sucked him getting into this. Our tongues would meet occasionally and we would flick each other briefly before going back to Mark's cock. I began fingering Mark's ass making his muscle relax as I slid my finger in as Dan sucked his cock. I finger fucked him as Dan sucked him, Mark's legs shaking as we brought him to another powerful orgasm.

He pleaded to let him sit on the bed and we all fell onto the bed. Laying there for a few just catching our breath savoring the pleasures we had just explored. Who says three can't be fun?