 The room is dimly lit and warm, the light scent of citrus in the air from a pewter bowl over a small candle. The soft light comes from corner lamps that have been draped in sheer fabrics of red, giving the scene a soft glow. The temperature has been turned up slightly, not uncomfortably but enough to make clothing an option in the sultry air. 

You sip your champagne and smile at me, kissing me with a tenderness that belies the nervous energy we both feel. You look at me questioningly as you stand there wrapped in your red silk robe, thin enough to show the shadow of the dark lace underneath even in the sparse light. I assure you that I am fine, and we both seem to feel an excitement that we cannot put words to. I open my mouth to try, but a soft knock comes at the door and you quirk an eyebrow, unable to hide your nervous smile. 

I walk to the door and open it, almost squinting in slash of direct light that comes from the hallway. He is standing in a dark navy suit and powder blue shirt, and for a moment we both smile at the similarities, my suit black with a white shirt underneath but of the same lean cut as his. We shake hands and you can hear the quite, deep rumble of our voices as the door closes behind him. As you hear one of us lock the door you pace beside the bed, slowly swaying your hips and feeling the feminine grace of your body shifting under the silk. The sound of two men's voices sends a shiver down your spine, and you wet your lips before turning around to greet him. 

I stand back slightly, giving you the space you need as he comes forward. He is taller than I, his thick shock of black hair swept back from his angular face, his teeth flashing white as he smiles and takes your hand politely. His is broad and powerfully built, thick around his shoulders and chest and arms and narrow at his waist. His hands, slightly smaller than mine, are nonetheless strong and perfectly manicured, and he accepts your offer of champagne graciously. You pour him a glass, then top mine and yours, and we toast to newfound friends.

I notice his uncertainty and I retreat slightly, sitting in a chair beside the bed, my legs crossed at the knee. Careful to not raise my voice too loud I ask if he had any problems finding the place, and he comments on traffic with enough wit to bring a smile to my face and coax a giggle from you. It inspires a flash of jealousy in me that he can make you laugh, but I breathe deeply and remind myself that this evening is already a fait de complete. I let the tension go, and instead focus on the two of you as you chat. 

He is kind and subtly funny, he smiles warmly and I am pleased to see he listens to you in an undistracted manner. You sit on the bed, your robe still firmly tied in place. It is not lost on either of us that you, as the object of our desire, have yet to grant your final approval. I surprise myself by silently encouraging him, thinking to him not to go too far too fast, but I can see that he is not going to push. Not yet, at any rate. 

You lean back against the headboard and he sits near the foot of the bed, close enough to touch your red painted toes but keeping his distance for now. I smile at the thought I had earlier, wondering if the chair I was sitting in was too far away as now I feel almost intrusively close. I remind myself I am part of this too, and caution myself to not upset the delicate balance between us. Instead I sip my champagne and remain quiet, watching the two of you talk of your neighborhoods and how you laugh at your mutual frustrations. 

You see him fidget with his near empty champagne flute and when he declines your offer of a second drink you take his glass from him and set it on the bedside table. Leaning back against the headboard again you slide a little lower, you foot brushing his thigh as he shifts on the bed, inching a little closer and putting your bare foot in his lap. My stomach tightens with excitement and jealousy as I realize you are making a subtle offer, and he accepts smoothly by resting his hand on your ankle. Within another minute both of his warm hands are on your foot, massaging slowly as you talk to him, your voice lowering with that telltale drawl that always announces the first glimmer of your arousal. 

His thumbs work the pampered sole of your foot as my eyes drift from the strange sight of his hands on you to your beautiful face. I can see your eyes darkening, your lids growing heavier. You lick your lips and bend your other leg, allowing your robe to fall suggestively from the fullness of your warm thighs and another rush of nervous excitement fills me. I find myself looking for any sign of hesitation from you and I have mixed emotions at seeing none. Your conversation with him slows, lowers, and after you set your glass delicately upon the nightstand your hands go to the tie of your robe. Slowly you undo the tie as his hands venture onto your calf, pulling your robe open with pregnant suggestion. The black lace underneath is whisper thin and delicate. The cups of your bra barely cover the generous curve of your breasts and from my seat I can see the faint shadow of your nipples underneath. They press up into the lace, firming like the slowly ripening fruit hanging on succulent vines. The slim strings of your thong encircle your ample hips and meet the tiny triangle of lace between your thighs, drawing his appreciative gaze along with mine. 

With a roll of his broad shoulders his jacket slips from his frame and he tosses it to the foot of the bed, unhurried, and bends one leg to sit sideways on the side of the bed. Both hands now on your legs, caressing slowly and steadily as you lounge against the headboard. I notice your eyes fluttering closed when he reaches the inside of your knee and I realize then, with both excitement and nervousness, there is no turning back. 

With one hand on the bed between your thighs he leans forward slowly, and he says something to you that I can't hear, making you smile and reply with in a soft murmur that I cannot understand. He leans into you, encouraged, and you rest your hand on his shoulder as he brings his lips to yours. The room spins with the surreal dizziness of the moment and I swallow hard, my mouth dry, my heart beating hard in my chest as I watch you accept his kiss slowly. It's soft, I can see, a mere suggestion and once accepted grows in certainty. I study you, watching the way your fingers curl into the fabric of his shirt, the way your other hand rests on his thick forearm, and I know you are enjoying his lips on yours. There is a strange beauty in denying my own pleasure in favor of yours and in this moment we three are suddenly bonded in a circle of trust and growing heat. 

Your mouth opens wider to accept his kiss fully, and he balances himself carefully on the one hand between your thighs, brushing your hair back with the other. I hear you moan slightly at what I realize is the sensation of his tongue against yours, and the moment loses some of it's tenderness as I see the want begin to take hold of you both. Silently I shift in my chair, my nervousness giving way to arousal as I see him using the thumb of the hand between your thighs to press against your lace covered mound. He moans then, feeling your heat and what I know to be the moist beginnings of you giving yourself over to your lust. His other hand brushes the robe from your shoulders slowly, and you draw your arms free from the silk. 

Your gleaming red nails settle on the back of his neck, playing through his hair as he trails his kiss over your cheek and to your ear, whispering something. The only thing I can hear from his deep whisper is 'beautiful' and I find myself smiling at his appreciation. It is you, though, that I am fixated on as a sugary smile melts over your lush lips and you ease your head back, allowing him access to your throat. Your hips begin to move with the motion of his thumb against your opening and I see you begin to guide his mouth, no longer allowing his mouth but encouraging it. Wanting it. 

He tastes your skin slowly and fully, his mouth opening wide on your throat as he works his way lower, and you reach under him and begin unbuttoning his shirt. Your movements are slow but I detect a slight urgency creeping into your fingers, and when he flicks his tongue over your collarbone you gasp sharply, pulling his shirt from the waist of his pants. I am biting my lip, feeling my hardness straining at it's confines and I caution myself to be patient. There is a balance that must be maintained, and my jaw clenches with restraint. 

He kisses the tops of your breasts and for the first time I see his tongue, glistening wet as he dips it under the lace at the top of your cups. I know you love the teasing control he has and I am a swirling mix of emotions. Elated, jealous, worried, eager, hot. Uncertainty mixes with certainty and I steel myself to remain still. He tugs his shirt from his powerful, smooth, olive toned body and it falls to the floor. When his hands return to you he holds your body in both hands, on each side just under your breasts, and he licks between them before moving past them to kiss the flat of your stomach. 

I lean back in my chair and raise my forgotten champagne flute to my lips with a trembling hand, sipping as I watch him lick along the thin string of your thong, kissing the tops of your thighs, then lower, to the insides of them. You part your legs slowly, wider, giving him greater access and without asking he hooks his fingers into your thong and rolls it over the swell of your hips. You had waxed, you had said to me, and when I see you exposed you are bare with the exception of a dark tuft right over your clit. He groans appreciatively and I agree silently that you are stunning. 

You slip one leg out of your thong and press back into the bed, still leaning back against the headboard but lower now, your shoulders on the pillows. You put your feet flat on the bed, knees falling apart, exposing yourself to both of us as his tongue grazes your outer lips. You gasp again and I hear him moan at your taste, knowing how fabulous that silky cream feels on the tip of my own tongue. My jealousy leaves room for a slight feeling of, surprisingly, relief at seeing he is skilled and he proves himself again by parting your lips with sure, confident strokes of his tongue. He understands you are a delicacy, to be savored and enjoyed and he licks you with something close to reverence. 

When he finds your clit your eyes open wide and you moan louder, pushing your hips up to meet his mouth. Your hands go to his hair and your tits, still cupped in black lace, bulge between your arms as he sucks you while slipping a long finger between your lips. I can hear the slick sound of him entering you and my eyes are locked upon your face, which has become a mask of pleasure. Your shyness slipping away, replaced by want, you push up into him while pushing down on the back of his head. Your body begins to tremble with pleasure as you give yourself over to the sensation of his tongue bathing your clit as he fingers you, adding a second now. He turns his hand slowly, corckscrewing his fingers into you deeper, the pads of his fingertips caressing your inner walls as his tongue works your clit unrelentingly. You are close already, I notice with some surprise, and more shocking to me, satisfaction. I watch, my body trembling, as you begin to quake. 

"Don't stop," you whisper to him breathlessly and he moans in reply. Mouth open, tongue lashing, he brings you to the brink and then, with one deft thrust of his fingers, spills you over the edge in a cascading torrent of moans and thrashes. 

He kisses you softly, leaving his fingers inside you, slowly moving back and forth, as you come down. The door has been opened and he slide up your body, unsure for a moment until you reach for his lips with your own, hungrily tasting yourself on his tongue as he lays beside you. He slips his finger from your sopping wet pussy and you grab his thick wrist, making sure he is looking at you as you lick your juices from his fingers with an eager tongue. He moans at the sight of it, of the suggestion of it, and he reaches behind you. You sit up, flicking the clasp of your bra with your fingers and tossing it aside, your full, gorgeous tits swaying freely as he captures one nipple in his mouth and sucks it greedily. 

You allow him a moment to feast on the fullness of your tits before pushing him over onto his back, kissing him hard and running your hands over his firm body. I watch you as you move onto knees and elbows, your luscious curves on full display as you kiss down his chest, teasing his nipples with a playful tongue, lingering for a moment before kissing down the center of his body. You tease along the waist of his pants until his pushes his hips up to you, and as you slowly undo his belt you ask, your voice husky and deep, if he wants something. He groans in reply, a groan that fades into a chuckle as you take his zipper between your teeth and drag it open. 

With a giggle you hook your fingers into the waist of his pants and draw them down, along with his dark colored briefs. He's kicked off his shoes and you pull his sock and the rest of his clothing free, leaning forward and running your hands up his thighs as his cock slaps heavily against his flat stomach. I hear you moan with anticipation as you let your hair fall over him, the silky chestnut wave enticing another long, deep moan from his chest and lifting up slightly you appraise him. 

He is at least my size, thick and ramrod straight, the circumcised head swollen and blushed deep crimson. You are making a sound somewhere between a purr and a moan as you open your mouth and bathe him with long, smooth, hot strokes of your tongue, wetting his shaft before trailing down to the heavy, full balls below. It's his turn to gasp now as he feels the heat of your tongue all around him, and you lick him for long moments before wrapping your hand around his cock and holding him upright. My mouth goes dry and I stifle a moan as you lick up the underside of his shaft, finding his sensitive spots, lashing your tongue over the underside of his cockhead where the ridges of his crown meet. I watch him spasm at the feeling I know so well and find myself finally giving in, allowing myself to enjoy the sight and the sound fully. 

It's then that you toss your head, your hair spilling over your left side as you open your mouth and tongue the head of his cock, and for the first time you look at me. Holding my gaze, your eyes burning dark, you wrap your ruby red lips around his cock and suck him into your mouth. When he moans in response you wink at me, smiling around his thick shaft as you take him deeper, until he releases his grip on the bed sheets and fists your hair. 

You begin to bob your head, sliding your mouth up and down his length, opening wide to allow your tongue to swirl around his cock as you suck it. He cries out, arms bulging as he thrusts up into you, holding your head firmly and you give into him, letting him fuck the wet softness of your pretty mouth. My hand passes over the iron heat under my pants, squeezing as I watch you take him deeper, finally plunging down over him and holding him deep in your throat before coming up and gasping for air. A thin rope of saliva links your lip to the tip of his cock and your tongue flicks out, snapping that strand before sucking him again. 

After a few moments of sucking him and caressing his balls you hold him firmly and allow your tits to sway over his cock, swaying your shoulders and letting your hot skin rub against him as he pushes up with his hips. Slapping his cock playfully over the heavy curve of your tits you decide he's had enough, or you have, and you guide his legs together as you straddle him, leaning over and giving him only a taste of the kiss he wants. 

Lifting your hips you position him at your opening, teasing the head of his cock along your pouting slit before easing down onto him. In an instant he's inside you, your hands resting on his chest as you lean over and begin to grind down on him, his hand cupping the lush softness of your ass as you move on him. He allows you control at first, until you begin to slide up and down and only then does he respond, pushing up in time to catch you as you come down on his cock. I squeeze myself through my pants and as you focus on the feeling of riding his cock I slip out of my jacket, leaning back in my chair as he grips your ass with both hands. I watch you leaning over, your tits in his face as he sucks your aching nipples, your hips working up and down as he pushes into you, finding a rhythm and fucking you deeper. 

Moaning now, you ride him harder, sitting up straight to push him deep as you pump up and down. His hands are all over your body, gripping your waist and helping you up and down his big cock before cupping your tits, grabbing your arms, squeezing your thighs as they tense. He is unwilling to break the pace you have set and your brow furrows as you ride him harder, almost falling back onto him every time you come down, your moans turning into high pitched squeals and then, as he squeezes your tits in his hands, shrill cries as you come again. 

Your orgasm subsiding you lean over his chest, the two of you laughing softly at the sudden frenzy, his cock slipping out of your wet lips. You roll onto your back, your head at the foot of the bed, and he moves onto his knees, slipping inside you again with pure need as you nod your approval. He begins to pump hard, his hips slapping into yours, his heavy balls smacking into your ass as he grunts with the effort of giving you every inch of what you want. As your legs work up higher on his body he lips one of them over his shoulder and pushes deeper, your eyes on his. 

"Yeah baby," you breathe, your dark eyes flashing. "Fuck me." 

He growls deep and pounds into you, your body shaking as he thrust hard. It goes on like that, you urging him as he thrusts, your head rolling to one side to look at me as I sit in my chair, hands dangling over the arms, legs splayed out before me. We lock eyes, and I see something there in your gaze, something that makes you smile as you put your hand on his chest. He slows like an obedient mount, panting and glancing at me for the first time, as if just realizing now that I am in the room. You slowly roll onto all fours and sway your ass encouragingly, and as I slip out of my shoes I realize he understands. He is actually rubbing his cock against you, waiting, and I find the gesture to be sweet in its own way, and intensely erotic. His pause, we all realize with unspoken understanding, is a subtle deference to the connection between you and I. 

I stand as he slips into you slowly, removing my shirt and walking to the foot of the bed. You look up at me with his cock slipping deeper into your slick pussy, your mouth already opening as I step out of my clothes. I am fully engorged, my cock like a prong of wet marble springing from my hips, and you don't tease me as you did him but instead hungrily take me into your mouth. I moan loudly, relief at finally feeling you on my rushing through my body. Another rush of dizziness comes as we cross yet another boundary, and I feel the vibration of you moaning on my cock as you take him into your body again and again. 

My eyes lift from his hands on your lush ass, and we both seem surprised when our eyes meet. I want to look away, or would have wanted to moments earlier, but now it's another door to walk through, another step in this intricate dance. I smile slightly, and he returns my grin almost sheepishly, but there is no mistaking the lust behind his eyes. 

"Fuck her," I say, my voice low and surprisingly even. He nods slightly, pushing his hips harder and I sweep your hair off your face, holding it in a pile at the back of your head. 
