 I have always thought that a threesome experience could be extremely erotic, and I have a submissive side that is not often explored by my husband. This fantasy story involves both, and is what I would consider an amazing first experience if I could live it out!

After introducing myself to a couple whose profile I find on a local swingers site and exchanging a few sexy e-mails we decide to meet at a restaurant nearby to see if the chemistry is there in real life. As I walk in and recognize their faces sitting in the booth at the back of the room, my pussy drenches instantly in hopes of making this long time fantasy a reality.

I sit and we exchange a few smiles and pleasantries before getting to business. They ask about my limits and what I'm hoping for and I after a brief, nervous hesitation I begin to speak. I describe how I want them to direct the action, and that I love to be told what to do, and sometimes made to do it. I talk about how I adore a big fat cock stuffed deep in my throat, my need to be spanked and have my hair pulled, and how I want to bury my face in between her breasts and thighs. I don't however want fingers inside me or for him to taste me... strange but somehow I feel as though that is something reserved only for my husband. Oh yes... did I mention I'm married and he can't know? I love him, but this is just for me and he has no desire to make it happen, so I will.

I can tell that what I've told them has made an impression. They look at each other, questioning, then smile and nod. He asks me if I'm ready to go home with them and be fucked like the whore I am. "I thought you'd never ask," I say. They lay enough money on the table to cover the drinks we've had without even waiting for the check and we all stand up eager to see where the day will lead us.

I follow them back to their home, park, and pause for only a moment before getting out of the car. I've been wanting and waiting for this too long to back out now. I'm so wet at the though of what's going to come (hopefully me, multiple times) of all this.

They're waiting on the porch for me, and he is holding the door open politely with a small smile on his face. I walk across the threshold and they follow behind me. I step into the living room and stand there waiting, watching them. He turns and closes the door, as she pulls the blinds. They both turn to look at me, and a slight tension fills the room. Then he takes charge.

He tells me to remove my clothes, and she moves behind me, putting her hands on my shoulders. She helps me, reaching around to unbutton my shirt, exposing my bra covered breasts as I unzip my jeans. My shirt is pulled off and my pants fall to the floor, and she puts her hands on my hips gently pushing me to step out of them. He stares at me and tells me to turn around, I move obediently, anticipating whatever comes next. 

He softly but sharply tells me to remove my bra, and orders his wife to strip as well. I reach behind me to unhook my bra as she begins to undress in front of me. I feel him approach from behind and he places one hand on my hip, and the other on the opposite shoulder. He tells me to touch my toes and nudges my shoulder forward. As my upper body falls toward the floor he pulls my hips into him and I feel that he's also removed his clothes and his large, erect cock is pressed against my ass. He slides a finger inside either side of my panties and slides them down, bending over me as he does so. When he is completely folded against me, he asks if I like the feel of him against my ass, I nod. He then drops my panties, and as they fall to the floor he pulls me tight against him and says I'm really going to like it when he fucks my ass later. I moan and my pussy starts to drip, I can feel the wetness sliding down my inner thigh.

Meanwhile she has undressed completely, and he tells her to come to him as he stands me back up and turns me to face him. She and I are both standing nude, side by side, facing him and he tells us it's time for sluts to suck his dick. He reaches up both hands, and extends them to caress our cheeks, and then wraps his hands in our hair and forces us to our knees.

With our hair twined between his fingers he guides my face to his balls and hers to the shaft. I open my mouth and begin to gently lick each one, loving the feel of the soft skin against my lips and tongue. I take each one in my mouth individually and tease them with my tongue as he groans and clenches his fist tighter in my hair. He then brings my face to hers and we begin to kiss each other, softly at first, and then more deeply with tongues intertwining. He breaks our kiss by thrusting his thick cock between our faces and tells us both to lick it together. We do so eagerly, our saliva intermingling as we enjoy the taste of him. He then turns our faces toward him and guides his cock into one open mouth, and then the other, making a few strokes each time before taking advantage of the other hungry mouth waiting for him.

After a few minutes of this he pulls my hair so that I'm looking up, facing him and tells me that he's going to give me exactly what I want. His cock buried in my throat. He tells me he's going to fuck my face and that he's not sure yet whether he's going to spray his come on my face or down the back of my throat. He looks me right in the eye and pauses after he says this, and in my periphery I notice him release her hair and wave her away.

He sinks to his knees, maintaining eye contact, one hand still tangled in my hair. As his knees touch the floor he pushes me down onto all fours, and brings his other hand to my mouth. His thumb plays with my lower lip for a moment before he presses it into my warm and yielding mouth and then opens my jaw for him. He thrusts his cock in just a few inches before pulling back. With each stroke he pushes in a little deeper, letting me lubricate his long, thick tool in preparation for the deepest thrust yet to come. I tease him with my tongue and open up to let him in all the way when I feel her come up behind me.

She reaches under me to knead my breasts and tweak my nipples, and I feel something hard press against the back of my thigh when he speaks again, while he's still fucking my face. He tells me that I'm about to find out what it's like to be fucked in two holes at the same time, and that she is about to penetrate me with a strap on. Before he even finishes the sentence, she grabs my hips and thrusts the dildo all the way inside my dripping puss. She shows no mercy and fucks me hard and fast, gripping my ass cheeks hard as he fucks my mouth the same way. His hands tighten in my hair and I sense that he is about to come. Overwhelmed by the sensations of his large cock sliding in and out of my mouth and her strap on violently fucking me from behind, I moan around him and my body shakes as I come harder than I've ever come before. He grips me behind the head and forces his cock all the way inside my face and holds it there and I feel his thick spray spurting against the back of my throat. After a moment he releases me and tells her to come and suck the last bit out of him. She crawls eagerly to his dick and suctions him clean while I watch from my hands and knees, panting hard.

Still reeling from the thundering orgasm I just had, I barley notice him move around behind me as she lay down in front of me. He pulls my hair again, making me kneel. With one hand he pinches my clit repeatedly making me shiver with both pain and pleasure. The other hand glides up my belly and over my breast, stopping momentarily to tweak my nipple before stopping at my chin. He pulls me into him, he's still hard, and his lips are next to my ear. He tells me that he's going to fuck me like the whore that I am, and while he does that I'm going to lick her pussy and make her come. 

He releases my chin and pushes me back to all fours, crawling towards her thighs. I feel his hand on the back of my head and he forces my face into her pussy. It's glistening and wet, so I can tell she's enjoying this just as much as he is. Her hand replaces his on the back of my head as she guides me where she wants me. I've only been with one other woman, years ago, but the scent of her brings back the erotic memories, and after only brief hesitation I eagerly begin to lick and suck. Her hips rise up into my face as I nuzzle her wet pussy, her hands are now the ones gripping my hair and holding me in place as she is determined to fuck my face as well.

He must have been watching for a moment before he decided to join in, because it takes me by surprise when I feel the head of his cock sliding up and down between the lips of my pussy. The sensation excites me and I press my face ever more tightly against her as she moans. He slips inside me and begins with slow, deep thrusts letting me feel every inch of his impressive cock. As I hum against her with the shuddering of my own orgasm, I feel a burst of wetness in my mouth. She tells me to make her come again, and I bend my head back down.

As I continue to taste her, I feel his thumb circling my asshole. He reaches it lower and dips it into my own wetness before gliding it back upwards and pressing gently against my tight backdoor. The feeling is so delicious that I instinctively back up against it, and he pushes it just inside of me. I can feel my asshole tighten around his thumb, but he leaves it there and continues to fuck me with no apparent hurry. After a minute I can feel myself relax around him and he presses further until his thumb is buried in my ass. With my nerves tingling in both my pussy and my ass from the double penetration, I feel myself convulse around his cock and thumb together as I come again. I suck her clit into my mouth and moan into her pussy as I feel him withdraw from both of my holes.

My head pops up, and I hear myself tell him not to stop, that I need more. He tells me that I'm going to get more, and as he says this I feels the head of his dick pressed up against my asshole. I feel it tighten in fear as I'm not sure that I can handle all of him.

That doesn't stop him though, and he shoves my head back into her thighs and continues to push against my asshole, forcing his cock inside of me. I hear myself cry out a bit, but it's muffled by her pussy, and as the pain turns to intense pleasure the sound coming from me changes to a low hum. He starts to fucks my ass the way he fucked my mouth, pushing a little deeper with every stroke. I'm mindlessly sucking her clit and darting my tongue in and out of her, hardly noticing the occasional bursts of moisture as she continues to come in my mouth.

He's fucking me faster now, his cock thrusting completely into my tight but eager asshole as he starts to speak. He tells me how much he loves taking my ass, calls me his whore, tells me that good sluts take whatever they are given and punctuates each statement with a stinging slap to my ass. With each whack, every thrust, I feel myself cresting toward an intense orgasm. With one final hammering stroke he pulls my hips into him and I feel him spurting inside my ass. The sensation takes me over the edge and I scream into her pussy as I feel my pussy convulsing around nothing and my asshole clenching to urge every last drop out of him.

He collapses on top of me and together we fall completely onto her. The three of us lay there, sweaty, heaving, and I'm satiated like I've never felt before. After a few moments, I stand, look around to find my clothes in the corner of the room, and weakly shrug them on. I say my goodbyes, and make my exit. 

Out in my car, I feel my still dripping pussy soak through my pants and into the upholstery. I wonder what the next time will be like with a little smile as I turn the key in the ignition and pull away to head home for a shower before my husband gets home from work.