 An erotic novella based on a true story by James Leonore.

*

My name is James and in the ten years that my wife, Jenny and I, have been together, I have watched her turn from a meek and mild young woman into a wildly, sexually overactive nymphomaniac.

In the first eight or so years of our relationship, we would have sex anything between two and five times a week, but in the last two years there has been a rapid upturn in her sex drive. She started to practically demand sex two to five times a day! This didn't bother me until obvious changes in her manner began to occur. She started spending longer and longer on the internet and wouldn't let me see what it was she did, minimizing all the windows if I came anywhere near.

She began to wear less and less round the house, this was very arousing for me personally and it used to lead to some great sex sessions, but about three or four weeks later she decided to start wearing nothing at all and would walk round the house completely naked. And this is where all the trouble started.

She started answering the front door wearing only a small towel or something similar, and then later when she decided that she didn't even need that anymore; completely naked just poking her head round the door to talk to whoever was there. The moment she got in from work she would strip off in the porch and just carry on the rest of the day naked as if it was something that everyone did.

About two months later our washing machine broke down and we had to send for a man to come in and fix it. I had to plead with her to wear something while the man was at the house; she relented and put on a pair of slippers and the smallest, shortest dress she could find with nothing underneath. The mechanic arrived to fix the machine and I decided to stay in the kitchen with her and the man while she made us all a cup of tea. The phone rang in the lounge and I had to go and answer it. I was only on the phone for about two minutes, but when I went back into the kitchen she was standing there drinking her tea without a stitch on. The man was oblivious to this because he had his head in the back of the machine. I quickly dragged her out of the kitchen and made her put her dress back on. However, because of the phone call, I now had to go out and leave her in the house alone with the man. I was dreading it, but she promised me that she would keep her clothes on until the man left. "I won't disappoint you!" she said to me as I was leaving. My heart sank; I just didn't think I could trust her anymore. My own wife and I couldn't trust her!

When I returned home, some two hours later, I found her in the lounge again naked. She told me that the man needed to get a new gearbox for the machine and would return on Monday. I asked her if she had done as I said and kept her clothes on. "Of course, what do you think I am?", came the reply. But she seemed to deliberately say it in a way that really meant the opposite. Then I remembered, I was going to be out all day Monday, but I made her promise again to keep her clothes on just while the man was here. She agreed. 

Monday came and went and all seemed normal until Tuesday evening, when the phone rang. I answered it and it was a man called Jeff from her insurance company, so I left her in the lounge to deal with the call. We spend most of our time in the front room which doubles as a music room too, but I couldn't resist listening in to her end of the conversation. Not very much was really said and what I heard was all in hushed tones anyway, the conversation was roughly as follows, but remember I could only hear her end of the call.

"It's okay, he's gone now"

"Yes, I think Friday will be okay. He's out all day until eight o'clock"

"Did you ask round your friends?"

"Great! How many will there be?"

"Oh FUCK, that's wonderful"

"Yes, yes. I'm wanking now"

"Will they all be able to do me?

"Three or four times each! Oh fuck, I can't wait. Oh, I'm coming!"

At this point I heard her orgasm violently. I had never heard her use language like that before and I felt like running in to find out what the hell was going on. But something stopped me from doing so, something was exciting me! Her conversation came to an end and I quickly rushed back into the front room and sat down again before she came back in. I was now used to seeing Jenny wandering round naked as she now sat down next to me. She then lied about the call, telling me that they just wanted to ask her if she wanted one of her policies topping up. That disappointed me really, that fact that she even bothered to make up a story about the call. Normally she wouldn't have said anything at all.

It was then that I had a little idea of my own. A little while before, maybe a month or two, I had bought a pair of wireless spy cameras off Ebay for a laugh and now I decided I would put them to good use. The picture quality isn't exactly amazing but its good enough. I cancelled all my engagements for Friday and had a good think about what I thought she would do, how she would think. I decided that the best room in the house for what I thought she was getting up to was the games room; it is large and just has a snooker table in the middle. So I set the cameras up in there. With tall bookcases round all the walls it would be easy to hide them so they weren't noticed.

So, as usual and as she expected me to, I left the house at 10:30 am. I waited at the end of the road and watched the house. Nothing happened for ages. At five to twelve she came out of the house, got in her car and drove off, thankfully in the other direction to where I was hiding. What the hell was she up to? I had convinced myself that she would be staying at home and that the "party" would come to her, so to speak. Quarter of an hour later she returned carrying a plastic bag, it didn't look like it had much in it though. I was still very perplexed and trying hard to contemplate what was going on and what would happen next, when two cars pulled up at the end of our drive and five men got out. One of them was smoking and he was looking up and down the road in a very shifty manner. He dropped the remains of his fag into the gutter and said something to the other four men. As I was about seventy yards away, naturally I couldn't hear, but whatever he said made them take a look up and down the road too, then they turned and made their way up the drive to my house. I was just about the break cover when another car and a van pulled up at the house. One of the men came back down the drive from the house to meet them, and he stood at the edge of the road while they parked up. Four men got out of the car and another three out of the van. I instantly recognised the driver of the van as our washing machine repairman, and he turned to shake hands with the one who had returned from the drive. Repairman said something and they all laughed and headed up the drive together.

I doubted if any more would be arriving, so I waited a few minutes before walking back to the house with my mind racing. Each house in our road, and there are only a few houses, has a long drive up to the door which is very well hidden from the road by trees. This made me think that she was almost certainly naked for these men when she answered the door to them. I crept round to the rear of the house and climbed the back staircase that would take me onto the first landing; from there I could get to the attic stairs and my study. There I had set up the two receivers for the cameras and connected them up to my computer. Even before I switched everything on I could here them all downstairs, and boy did they sound enthusiastic. It took a couple of minutes for the PC to get going and the DVR software to fire up before the images from the games room came into view. It looked like they had put a sort of ground sheet that you might use with a tent over my snooker table, "How considerate" I thought sarcastically. I couldn't see Jenny anywhere and the men were starting to wonder the same by the looks of them. Then she came in to a round of applause, she was naked again of course, she stood at the end of the snooker table and lifted herself up onto the end.

"Right then, while I put on a little show for you, you can all get your clothes off" She then lay back on the table and started wanking herself off furiously while the men removed their clothes. They couldn't take their eyes off her while they undressed and neither could I. I couldn't believe this was happening! The men all stood there, they were all as hard as iron, as Jenny climbed back off the table and stood at the end. One of the men walked forward, picked her up and immediately started fucking her on the end of the table. He was really laying into her, fucking her very hard indeed.

"Yeah, fuck me hard. Dump your cum inside me" she said. One of the other men decided to stuff his cock into her mouth at this point, effectively ending her pleas to be abused. She started off in control when the men had arrived at the house, but it was the other way round now. They were in control now and she was being completely dominated, I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next. Here was my wife in an impossible situation, a situation of her own making, and I had decided to let it go on. She had made her bed and now she was getting more or less raped in it, and I was not going to raise a finger to help her. This is what she had wanted though, so it couldn't possibly be called rape, but on it went anyway.

Another man had now entered the fray so she had two cocks to suck. I have never seen her so aroused before. Both men came at almost the same time, spraying her face with spunk, with some of it going into her hair. She just reached up and spread it round over her face, smiling while she did it. The guy fucking her now indicated that he was coming too and unloaded his balls into my wife.

"Next!" she shouted as she proceeded to be fucked by the other nine men one after the other. She wasn't slowing down; she was as enthusiastic with the last one as she was with the first. They came in her cunt and on her tits but most of them seemed to want to cum in her hair. Her hair was fanned out round her head and they just dumped their cum on to it.

"I love cum in my hair so just fucking give it to me. Soak me with it" This was amazing, I couldn't believe what she was saying. When they had all cum they moved slightly back from the table while she pulled herself up, her hair was just hanging there and I could clearly see the globs of semen in it. She walked over to one of the chairs in the corner and tied her hair back into a ponytail with all the cum still in it.

"Right, who's ready for round two then?" she asked.

"We need to rest for a bit yet" said one of the men.

"You rest, I'm raring to go. I'm going to fuck her again" one of the others came forward at this point and grabbed Jenny. 

"Hold on, not so fast. I want to do something first." Said Jenny as she got the plastic bag I had seen her bring home earlier, I had forgotten about that. She reached into the bag and took out a couple of oddly shaped boxes, and smiling at the men resumed her position on the table. She opened the boxes and took out two tubes of K Y jelly.

"What are you going to do with that? All the spunk we just pumped into you should be enough lubrication, you won't need anymore for a week!" said repairman, laughing. One or two of the men had been taking pictures and they continued to do so while all this was going on.

"Just watch" Jenny just smiled as she squeezed a whole tube of the jelly up her cunt in one go. Some of it dribbled out and down between her buttocks and the men looked at her in disbelief, I bet they thought all their Christmases had come at once.

"You do want to fuck my arse as well don't you?" She said flirtingly with a glint in her eye. We had never done anything in the way of anal sex together and this really surprised me. She was going to let herself get fucked in the arse by these men!

"I want you to fuck me in my cunt and arse at the same time too. I want you to ruin my fucking cunt for my husband" .God, was she horny. I was wondering what state she would be in after all this and now she was making it clear that she didn't care.

"Your Husband?" exclaimed repairman. "The bloke who was here the other day is your husband? You told me he was your brother!" 

"Do any of you care? You came here to fuck a beautiful girl so just get on with it and give me your cocks now". She had gone back to being in control then?

The men just laughed at this, obviously they didn't care that she was married. I'm certainly glad they weren't aware that I was watching them from the top of the house though. Maybe I could use all this against her in the future, just bring it up in conversation when she didn't expect it. I was wondering if I would ever want to make love to her ever again.

One of the men climbed onto the table and Jenny climbed on top of him, impaling herself on his cock, and another man went straight for her arse entering her immediately. She was really going for this and helped them along verbally by telling them in detail how it made her feel. The two men pumped their cum inside her two holes and were instantly replaced by two more men, and then two more and two more until she had been through the lot of them for a second time. The cum was just running out of her mingled with the K Y jelly, she was a right mess and she was still wanking herself. The men started to get dressed while she played with herself on the table.

"Where are you going?"

"We're done, we can't keep this up. What is it with you, are you fucking mad or something?" said repairman. He was getting quite nasty with her as he obviously realised that what had just happened felt wrong to him. Most of the others seemed to agree as well and they got their things together and left. I don't think she had expected this and she suddenly burst into tears. She sat up on the table with her head in her hands.

"What have I done, what was I thinking" she wept.

Two of the men had stayed after the others had left, but as they were standing behind her she didn't realise they were still there. Suddenly they advanced on her. One of them held her arms down while the other started to fuck her again.

"Get off, I don't want you here"

"You must be kidding, this is exactly what you wanted and this is exactly what you're going to get" The man fucking her said, and then he slapped her face. She closed her eyes and continued weeping. Her hair was still streaked with cum and some of it was now drying, it would be interesting to see if she can clean herself up by the time I'm supposedly due home tonight I thought. It was five thirty now and I was supposed to return at eight, but these last two men looked like they were going to keep her busy for a good while yet.

"We've got plans for you girlie, you're coming on a little trip with us some day soon" said the man fucking her. What the hell was this about now? What was he thinking of doing with her? A little trip?

It looked like she was starting to enjoy it again, just as the guy spunked up her cunt and changed places with the other one.

"You didn't have to slap me so hard, that wasn't fair"

"I like it rough and I thought you did too. You were the one who said you wanted your cunt ruined for your husband"

"That's true", she laughed now. "Just fuck me good and hard"

He did too. I would have been sore by now but this guy just kept going and going. He even kissed her, even though she had sperm all over her face. After about an hour he finally came inside her and collapsed on top of her for a few minutes.

"What is this little trip you have in mind then?" Jenny had his whole weight on top of her, but she quite liked it really.

"The two of us are going to Germany in a few weeks; we have some friends out there who would love to meet you. He then whispered something in her ear that I couldn't catch and she smiled broadly and then laughed.

"You're kidding, I don't think I could keep up. I'm not sure about being filmed either" she said.

"It'll be fine, you can show it to all your friends!"

"Oh, I'm sure they'd love that" she laughed.

"Right, we'd better get moving. You husband will be home within an hour"

I looked at my watch, five to seven. She had been at it for six and a half hours!

The men left the house while Jenny just lay there on the table, her hand moved down to between her legs and she played with herself in a half-hearted way for a few minutes. While she was still in the games room, I switched off the computer and crept back down the stairs and out of the house. I couldn't believe what had just happened and what I had just seen, it was really like watching a porn film. Because I was upstairs hidden away I was removed from what was really going on, and things would have been very different if I had been in the same room. I think I would have suffered a heart attack!

I sat in my car for an hour waiting for a realistic time to go back into the house. How could I face her, and moreover, how could she face me? I decided to brazen it out and try and pretend nothing had happened and that everything was normal, at least from my point of view anyway.

I pulled the car into the drive and got out, retrieving my briefcase from the passenger seat as I did. I went in through the front door and, leaving my case in the hall, proceeded through to the front room. There she was, lying on the couch naked watching the television. I pretended not to notice how red her genitals were as I approached.

"Hi, had a good day?" she said as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth.

". . . Erm. Yes, I suppose so. I'm a bit tired though; will you get me a cup of tea?"

She got up, smiling at me, and went for some tea. "I've not long made a pot anyway" she said, disappearing through the door. Well, she's managed to clean herself up pretty well I thought. There wasn't a sign of any cum in her hair, in fact she looked immaculate. A minute later she returned with a hot cup of tea for the both of us and resumed her place on the couch.

"I might have a game of snooker after my tea" I said between sips. "Do you fancy joining me?"

It was almost imperceptible, but she was worried. I had suggested going back in the room where she had enjoyed today's action. Had she not managed to clean up her mess yet or was she worried that I somehow knew what was going on?

"Yes" she said shakily. "That would be nice; we haven't played together for ages have we?"

"No, we haven't. But I thought you might have been practising in there while I was out or something" I said this with a sort of rye smile. Oh how little she knew.

After I finished my cup of tea we both wandered through to the games room. She walked ahead of me carrying more tea for the both of us. God, she looked fantastic from the back. Her backside seemed to be glowing slightly and her beautifully shaven legs had a sort of wax sheen that reflected the hall lighting to great effect. Her figure was nothing short of amazing and it even seemed to be getting better with age, but she was still young really. She is only twenty eight now. We married at eighteen and had a great time travelling together for two years before we settled back in our house. We live in a very secluded area with very few neighbours, in fact there are only twelve houses in the whole road and the road is just under four miles long, so that gives you an idea of how far apart the houses can be. My father made his fortune in advanced engineering during the nineteen fifties and sixties and his work is still paying off today. So we can afford to live very well indeed. I just work with a company that sells machine tools all over the world; I need something to keep me busy.

I opened the door for Jenny and she stepped into the games room quickly followed by me. She put the teas down on the tripod table and turned to face me. She wasn't looking straight at me however; she seemed to be looking at the table and at the parquet floor beneath it. Her eyes darted quickly between the two surfaces as if she was checking for something. She had obviously cleaned herself up first and then thought she didn't have enough time to make a really good job of this room, but from where I was it looked more or less the same as it always had. I certainly didn't notice anything straight away. 
