 Continuing from part I. After taking the first step towards their first threesome, both Grant and Josh were wondering where their journey was going to take them. You should definitely read part I prior to reading this story. All three had just been out to eat and were now returning to Josh's flat in central Prague.

*

As soon as we were back, Petra disappeared into the bedroom. Josh and I sat down on the sofa and relaxed. Minutes later, Petra came into the room dressed only in her pale blue silk bra and tanga and carrying the video camera on one hand. Her nipples were stiff and left arousing little bumps in the pale blue silk of her bra. Her panties were pulled up snugly and highlighted rather than hid her pubic mound which - to my mind at least - had obviously been shaven. The shiny blue silk reflected every mound and fold of her hidden pussy.

'OK, Grant, I want you to take care of the camera work. Why don't you get undressed?'

'OK.' I took the camera from her and placed it on the sofa before getting undressed.

'So Josh will have to deal with me.'

'Fine by me!'

He started to unbutton his shirt.

'No, no. I'll do that. Grant are you ready?'

'I'm ready. Camera's rolling.'

Petra unbuttoned Josh's shirt and pulled it slowly off his shoulders and arms before dropping it on the sofa. Next, she knelt down in front of him and took off his socks with Josh lifting each foot in turn to help her. Undoing his belt and top button, Petra then unzipped his jeans and pulled them down before leaning back so that he could step out of them and kick them to one side. He was now left standing in just a pair of bottle green briefs in which his bulging cock was clearly outlined.

'Now for the fun part!'

She slipped a couple of fingers under the waistband of his briefs and pulled the elasticised waistband outwards, enabling his now erect cock to spring out. Without further ado, she tugged his briefs down and held them at his ankles while he stepped out of them. Taking his shaft in one hand, she slowly bent forwards with her face tipped up towards Josh. Her face inched closer and closer to the tip of his swollen cock.

'Shall I Josh?'

'Yes!'

'Grant? Do you want me to suck Josh's cock?'

'Yes!'

I zoomed in just in time to capture Petra as she dropped her face down towards Josh's cock and closed her eyes. Opening her mouth, she guided the swollen purple crown into her mouth. With one hand cupping his balls, she wrapped her lips around his swollen shaft and slowly sank her head, letting her lips slide down the length of his cock until I thought she would start choking. Having reached her limit, she slowly pulled back up and pulled completely away from him and then ran her tongue over the tip of his cock and played with his foreskin, teasing him mercilessly.

Taking him back in her mouth, she started bobbing her head up and down, sliding along his swollen cock four or five times before pulling away and standing up. Undoing her bra, she simply let it fall to the floor and Josh automatically raised his hands to cup her breasts. Before he could enjoy himself too much, Petra had placed her hands on his shoulders and pushed down gently until he followed her signal and sank to his knees in front of her. In this position his face was directly on a level with her silk covered crotch.

'Take my panties off, Josh.'

I moved around to get a better shot and zoomed in as he slowly peeled the pale blue silk down over her hips. More and more of her smooth pubic mound was revealed until finally her smoothly shaven pussy was in sight.

'Hey, you shave! I love it.'

'Especially for you.'

Josh yanked the panties down and Petra stepped out of them before spreading her legs as Josh pushed on the inside of her thighs.

'Why don't you taste me?'

Without further ado, Josh leant forwards and ran the tip of his tongue upwards along the length of Petra's swollen haven. I captured the moment on film as the tip of his tongue forged its way along her swollen and glistening lips until it reached her protruding clit. There he flicked his tongue backwards and forwards until Petra pulled away with a jerk and gasped.

'Ooh, enough of that for now. Why don't you lie down?'

No sooner said than done! Josh lay down on the carpet, his gorged cock standing up proudly. I moved around to the side so that I could capture the action. Petra knelt down with one shin either side of Josh's hips and leant back so that she could support herself with her hands. Standing where I was, I could share the view of her spread and tensed thighs leading in an open 'v' to her beautifully shaven pussy which was now not only swollen, but glistening with a mixture of Josh's saliva and Petra's love juices. Since her thighs were so spread, her pussy had unfolded like a pale pink rose and her clitoris could clearly be seen, nestled between the smooth folds of her pussy lips.

Josh's cock was straining unbidden upwards, striving towards Petra's sex and stooped twitching only after Petra had lowered herself enough to capture the tip of his cock in the outer folds of her sex. I zoomed in with the camera as she lowered herself excruciatingly slowly onto his cock. The purple crown sank slowly and gently between her lips, which swelled outwards to accommodate his cock. Millimetre by millimetre, his round shaft glided into her until her lips settled down onto his pubic bone, cushioning the impact, their smoothly shaven skin in stark contrast to his wiry pubic hair.

'Hmmm. Did you get that Grant?'

'Oh, yes!'

I zoomed out again so that I could film Petra as she slowly started rocking herself across Josh's pubic bone giving me flashes of his cock, which was now glistening with her juices. Her face was flushed and her eyes shut - whether out of passion or embarrassment I don't know - and she started taking short sharp breaths as she increased both the speed and the length of her movements. By now, she was sliding so far up Josh's cock that the rim of his crown was appearing before plunging back into her sex again.

'Oh, Christ Petra. I'm going to come soon!'

'I can feel you twitching inside me. Come on baby, fill me up with your come!'

'Yes, oh yes, I'm close!'

Now their rhythm was becoming frantic and their pubic bones were crashing together as Josh thrust up to meet each of Petra's downward strokes.

'Come on Josh - give it to me!'

'Oh, Petra. I'm almost there. Shall I pull out?'

'No, fill my pussy with your come! Give me everything you've got! Grant's going to fuck my come filled pussy and he wants me as full as ... oh, y-e-s!'

'Ye-ah!'

Josh grabbed Petra's bum and pulled her hard so that she plunged onto his cock. As he came with a groan, he held her tight against him.

'Oh, good baby! That's it! I can feel you shooting inside me. Mmm, it's so hot and so much come!'

'Oh, God, Petra that was good.'

As everything calmed down again, Petra rolled off Josh and lay down beside him. Josh looked at me anxiously as I filmed the two of them. I could just make out a few pearls of come on Petra's lips before I lowered the camera and handed it to him.

'Grant, I er ...'

'It's OK. Here, I want you to film us now.'

Josh sank back against the sofa and raised the camera to his eye as he flopped back against the sofa. Petra looked at me.

'Grant, lie down here.'

She patted the carpet next to her. As I did so, she quickly sucked my cock, taking me so deep that I swear I could feel the tip of my cock touch the back of her throat. Lifting her head, she started to move over me.

'I want to you to take me like Josh took me.'

Unable to speak, I simply nodded. Crouching down above me, she knelt on either side of my hips and took my cock in her hand. Lowering her hips slightly, she rubbed the tip of my cock up and down the length of her pussy. She was warm, wet and slippery from Josh's come.

'Can you feel that Grant? That is Josh's come! Do you really want to fuck me like this?'

I could only nod, unable to take my eyes off her shaven pussy that was glistening with come, her pink swollen lips wrapped around the tip of my cock.

'My pussy is full of Josh's come. If you slip into me, I'm going to coat you in his come and when you come, your come is going to fill me up even more!'

Saying this, she slowly lowered herself onto my cock until she was sitting on me. I was engulfed in a warm wetness that I had never experienced before.

'Josh, I want you to catch this on film!'

She started rubbing herself against me cock, causing Josh's come to dribble out onto me. This was too much for me to remain there passively. I slipped out of her and pushed her onto her hands and knees. With my hand I guided my cock back between her pussy lips and thrust into her from behind.

'Oh, yes, that's good!'

I was hotter than I'd been in a long time and started to thrust into her hard and fast. Normally - as befitting our 12 year marriage - we would be much more tender and calm in our lovemaking, but this was something else. This was fucking - pure and simple.

'Oh, that's it baby, fuck my come-filled pussy! This little pussy has just been well and truly fucked by Josh's lovely cock...'

Hearing Petra talk like this was turning me on like mad. I knew that I wasn't going to be able to hold out for much longer.

'It felt so good when he came; his hot come exploded deep inside me and felt so good! His cock was throbbing and pulsing when he came, just like yours now. Are you going to come soon?'

'Yes! I'm almost there!'

'Then come baby - take me with you. Did you like seeing me slip Josh's hard cock in my tight pussy? He certainly enjoyed giving me what I like best!'

As she continued to graphically describe everything that she had just done, I could feel my balls tighten as my climax approached. Suddenly Petra froze her movements, keeping me right on the edge of coming. She motioned for Josh to come over. Turning her head towards him, she took his half-erect cock in on hand and lifted it up towards her mouth. Still keeping her lower body stationary, she took his now erect cock in her mouth and started sucking him.

'Wait Petra, I can't move like this. Get onto your hands and knees.'

With no further ado, Petra pulled Josh around and laid him on his back in front of her. As soon as she had crouched down between his thighs, she took his cock in her mouth and started bobbing up and down with her head. I looked down to her pert bum. Her pussy was swollen and coated in a mixture of come and sex juices. Placing my cock at the entrance to her pussy, I grabbed her hips and thrust into her.

Holding her bum in my hands and spreading her cheeks, I looked down to see her shaven crack and her puckered anus. With one hand, I gently nestled the tip of my thumb at her secret entrance and started to gently rub her in small soft circles. Petra immediately responded by arching her back and would have lifted her head away had Josh not held it in her hands. This only added to my excitement and brought me to the brink of climaxing. 

Petra pushed back hard against my cock and groin and held herself there. In this position she rotated her hips in small circles, grinding her pubic mound against mine. I bit my lip as I came and felt my cock burn as pulse after pulse of hot sperm flooded Petra's pussy.

'Oh, yes, Grant that's what I want! Give it all to me now!'

With one last thrush, I pushed myself hard against Petra's bum and held myself deep inside her as I came. My balls were so tight that each pulse of my climax sent a sharp twinge of pain through my balls and lower abdomen. As everything calmed down, I pulled out of her and sank back onto my heels and watched as Petra twisted away from Josh and leant forward to kiss me gently.

'I need a shower and then bed!'

'I'll second that.'

And so it was that half an hour later, Petra and I lay in bed - clean, tired and relaxed and fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.

The next morning, despite a few bashful looks, we all breakfasted together without mentioning the events of the last few days. It was only as Petra and I had said our farewells and were sitting in the taxi to the airport that Petra turned to me with a cheeky grin.

'Thank you! That was a very nice weekend.'

'You're welcome - I enjoyed it too remember.'

'The only thing is, the next time we go away for the weekend...'

'... yes?'

I wondered what was coming next.

'I would like us to go and stay with Claire...'

Claire? Claire the beautiful? Claire of the pert bum, small breasts and slim and sporty body?

'Sounds good to me.'

'I thought it might!'