 It's time, when I knew you would be around this week I had arranged a surprise for you, something you had always mentioned as being a fantasy you would never have the courage to do yourself. We have been out for a nice meal whilst it was set up, although you did not know what was going on, when we got home I told you I had a surprise for you in the bedroom and slowly blindfolded you.

I lead you by the hand slowly into the bedroom; your eyes are blindfolded because I've told you I have a surprise for you. I lead you over to the bed and slowly begin removing your clothes. I strip your blouse away and kiss your shoulders; next removing your bra and sliding it free exposing your breasts to the cool room, your nipples becoming instantly perky. My hands slowly slide your skirt down your legs and you step out of it, followed by your thong, I softly kiss your mound as I slide them down your legs.

I lie you on the bed and rest my self between your legs. Lowering my tongue to gently lick along your pussy lips, they part as I push my tongue between them allowing me access to your sweet juices. My tongue sliding back and forth over your soft lips. Licking gently but insistently.

My hands move up to spread your legs further apart letting me lick deeper, sucking on you clit, flicking my tongue over the sensitive areas, arousing you, bringing you to the edge, my tongue probing inside of you as my finger tips plays with your ass. I quickly insert my finger into the first knuckle and flick my tongue over your clit at the same time then suddenly you cum, your sweet juices filling my mouth as I lick and suck your explosive climax. As I drink down your juices your soft moans fill my ears.

I carefully move up to the top of the bed and roll you over till you are kneeling on top of me, still blindfolded you tenderly kiss your way up my legs till you reach my stiffening rod, you slowly part your soft lips over the crown of my cock and slowly slide down, your tongue sliding over the underside of my shaft as you are filling your mouth with my hard shaft.

Your tongue rubs the length of my shaft as I fill your hot wet mouth, your lips sliding up and down my rod as the suction makes me buck my hips. Suddenly you freeze, you have felt the bed shift behind you, someone else was there, then you feel the press of a cock against your pussy, you're kneeling with your head in my lap. You tense up unsure of what to do then the shaft fills you. Penetrating you to the max, filling you full and pushing deep inside you and you know what you want.

You push back on the cock buried in you and moan around my cock buried deep in your mouth, filled at both ends you suck harder as the cock in your cunt pounds in and out, filling you over and over. You moan loudly around my cock and stop sucking as you gasp, being filled hard from behind. I grab your head and begin fucking my cock in and out of your mouth, you suck occasionally but are to carried away by the cock in your mouth and the cock in your pussy.

With a low groan deep in your throat you cum, your juices flowing over the man behind you, he feels your pussy clamp down as your cum and your tight cunt milks his cock as he fills you with his juices. I push my cock into your mouth as you moan loudly the vibrations of your throat around my cock set me off and I fill it with my cum. We lie still for a moment wondering what is next.

As we lie there you turn and rip the blindfold off spotting one of your friends and mine. His softening cock shines slick with your juices. You grab his cock and mine in your hands and maneuvering us close together begin working both shafts with your hands, occasionally bobbing your head down to suck one or the other shafts. 

You slowly stand and sit down on our friend's shaft, I watch as it slips into your pussy, the combined juices sliding out from your stretched hole around his shaft as it plunges inside you. You then motion for me to move behind you and wiggle your ass at me, already gasping from the cock in your pussy.

I rub my lubed cock up against your ass. Then slowly begin pressing down. I can feel the pressure as you try to relax and as my cock head finally manages to squeeze inside of you. I listen to you cry out as I penetrate that sacred area of yours. I keep the pressure on and begin inching my way inside of you.

We both fuck you hard and fast and from your screams of pleasure we know you are enjoying in, I can feel your whole body shaking as you cum, your juices flowing around as all three of us cum together, filling your holes with another load of hot white cum, we collapse shaking on the bed and I mention the Jacuzzi as the next idea.