 Vanessa could hear the bass pumping through the walls as her and her boyfriend, Mike, trekked up the stone stairs to an immaculate, brick house. This house belonged to Vanessa's friend, Nicole. Almost every year, in the middle of August, they would have a big house pool party complete with a BBQ and fireworks end the night. The party was always the topic of conversation for weeks before it happened and weeks after- the all you can drink nature tended to help facilitate more stories. Mike squeezed Vanessa's hand as they opened the front door. They were greeted by the sounds of their friends playing beer pong and flip cup in the back yard, and the music that they could hear from the street. Mike got himself and his girlfriend a beer each from the cooler. Vanessa lifted her black dress over her head and put it and her towel down on one of the many deck chairs in the backyard. She was left standing in a small red bikini. Mike felt his penis swell slightly in his swim trunks looking at his beautiful girlfriend. 

She was a medium build but had movie star tits and a huge, bubbly ass. She had been working on her tan for the better part of the spring and summer and her skin looked extra golden under the afternoon sun. Vanessa got hit on everywhere she went but especially when she flashed her white, perfect smile. Her bright green eyes shimmered with excitement as she looked over at her boyfriend. He was also tan but his piercing blue eyes were the real money maker. Both of them had thick brown hair and were overall an extremely attractive couple. 

Mike and Vanessa carried on through the party, greeting their friends and playing drinking games. Mike was invested in a boy's game of touch football so Vanessa took the opportunity to relax on a big blue pool floaty in the shallow end, feeling a good buzz. She felt a little splash on her arm. She lifted up her sunglasses to see who had bumped into her and saw her old friend from university, Lexi grinning at her ear to ear. 

"Oh my god!! Hi Lex," Vanessa exclaimed. They had not seen each other in a little over 4 years, when they graduated. The two girls had been good friends during their studies but hadn't really been in touch since, because Lexi had moved a couple hours away for work. Vanessa immediately jumped off the pool floaty and embraced her friend. 

"What are you doing here?!" 

"Oh I got a week off and thought I'd come back, it just so happens it was the week of Nicole's party!" Vanessa and Lexi got all caught up on the past couple years as they went to pour themselves some harder drinks from the makeshift bar. It was like no time had passed and they were right back on as themselves, laughing and teasing each other. When Vanessa first met Lexi she wondered if maybe she was bisexual. Lexi had admitted to Vanessa that she was bisexual but Vanessa was always nervous to admit that to herself let alone to other people. She had never felt attracted to a female before but the way Lexi's dark hair curled down her back and the way her plump lips always seemed to be begging for a kiss, made Vanessa feel some type of way every time they interacted. A few late nights, Vanessa touched herself thinking of Lexi's mouth on her pussy. The two girls had had a few drunken nights in university where they had made out at the bar but it never amounted to anything other than that. But their chemistry was undeniable.

Even back then, they were constantly flirting with each other and the night of the party was no different. Mike came up to the duo and could tell they were both feeling pretty good from the free flowing alcohol. Vanessa reached up on her toes and kissed Mike passionately on the lips before introducing Mike and Lexi to each other. Whenever Vanessa was drinking she had no problem with PDA. The three of them continued drinking until the last boom of the fireworks, and took turns kissing between each flash of light, even sharing a few cheeky three way kisses. Mike and Vanessa have both voiced their opinion that they didn't feel kissing was really cheating, especially when it was innocently with the same sexy Lexi. 

As the night wound down, Lexi mentioned that she was staying in a nearby hotel and asked the couple if they wanted to come up and for a few more beer. They discussed that they may as well keep the buzz/drunk going. They got up to the 6th floor and the room looked like any typical hotel room, big fluffy white beds, yellow curtains and a patterned carpet. Mike and Vanessa sat on the far left bed and Lexi brought them over beer form the mini fridge before sitting down with them. Mike had his hand resting on his girlfriend's upper thigh and was subconsciously rubbing the hem of her dress getting closer and closer to exposing her. Lexi however did pick up on it and called the couple out with a naughty sparkle in her eye. 

"If you want to touch her pussy, don't let me stop you," Lexi said through a laugh. Vanessa felt her face flush with embarrassment but also felt her lower region rush with wetness. Mike also blushed but moved his fingers up closer to her jewel, hidden behind the red bikini bottoms.

"Make sure you show her clit a little love too, I can show you." 

At this time, Lexi placed her hands along the hem of Vanessa's dress too. She pulled Vanessa's bottoms to one side and finally truly exposed her pink, pussy lips. Her pussy was completely hairless but the wetness glistened along the crevice of her pussy. Vanessa inhaled a deep sigh as her boyfriend and her university secret crush both rubbed up and down her lips. The tension in the room became thicker as Mike's cock visibly swelled to full hardness, only restrained by his shorts and Lexi's nipples poked through the material of her thin shirt. All three of them were immensely turned on by the possibility of what was unfolding in room 608. Mike spread Vanessa's lips fully open and plunged his fingers into her. Starting with one, but quickly put a second finger in her tightness. Lexi circled Vanessa's clit with one hand and toyed with her own cunt with the other.

Mike reached over to the girl's heads and pushed them together lightly. It was obvious he wanted to watch them make out and Vanessa and Lexi were quick to oblige. Their mouths hungrily found each other. Vanessa reached with her hands down to Mike's bugling cock and rubbed him through his shorts before finally freeing him. His 7 inch hard cock sprang free and blood coursed through this thick veins. She stroked him to the pace that he was finger fucking her. Meanwhile, Lexi was completely fingering her own pussy to the same speed. Vanessa's juices were running down Mike's hand and everyone was panting with excitement. Vanessa broke the kiss between her and Lexi and moved to join tongues with her boyfriend. 

She then broke that kiss and leaned to whisper something to Lexi. Both girls grinned and simultaneously got up and stripped completely naked. Mike was left stroking his own cock vigorously as the girls first played with each other's naked tits and then proceeded to get on their knees in front of him. 

"Baby, Lexi and I are both going to suck your cock is that okay?"

Vanessa looked up at her man from the ground, slowly biting her lower lip. Mike was so dumbfounded at his wildest dreams coming true that all he could do was nod and thrust forward into Lexi's waiting and eager mouth. She sloppily took all of him into her mouth, flicking her tongue along the underside of his hard cock. Vanessa rubbed and tugged his hanging balls before taking Mike's cock into her mouth. The two girls swapped back and forth, alternating between sucking him, making out with each other and sucking each other tits. After Lexi took one long turn, Mike's cock was covered in her saliva from hitting her deep in her throat. Vanessa took him full tilt as well and felt tightness around her hair and realized Lexi was holding it back for her. 

"Shit Nes, if I would have known you were such a fucking dirty whore we would have fucked in school."

This statement caused Vanessa to moan, as she always loved being talked dirty too. When she moaned, the vibrations on Mike's cock caused him to moan and twitch in her slut mouth. Lexi took his cock back, after sharing another deep passionate kiss with Vanessa. She was so turned on she needed something in her mouth too while her friend's mouth was being filled with her boyfriend's cock.

"Daddy, can I lick her pussy?" 

Vanessa asked Mike looking up at him innocently, a little role play that always brought him and her closer and closer to orgasm. He fucking loved when she asked permission. He growled his approval as she lay down on her back, pulling Lexi's knees to either side of her head, so she was straddling Vanessa's face. Lexi's steaming pussy was inches from Vanessa's mouth, but that distance was promptly closed as Vanessa could not resist her friend's musk anymore. Her lips engulfed Lexi's pussy lips and her tongue snaked over her exposed pearl. Lexi continued sucking Mike, making slurping sounds. Vanessa had been dying to taste her friend since the first time they had met in calculus class. Mike reached down and began finger fucking his girl again so all three were connected and close to the edge. Lexi ground her hips into Vanessa's mouth and she felt overcome with her orgasm. She could not fight it anymore and started moaning loudly and squirting onto Vanessa's lips. Her head was back and her eyes had rolled back into her head. 

Watching this scene unfold, Mike needed a pussy to fuck, he could not resist his biology anymore. He grabbed Vanessa by her neck and pulled her up to ride his pulsating cock. She lowered onto him and then took herself almost off of him so just the tip was left in, before sliding her tight pussy all the way down his shaft again. Repeating over and over again so he was being squeezed and milked by her tightness. She bounced up and down on him, feeling his full balls slapping up against her dampness. Not wanting to be left out of the fun, Lexi climbed on his face and both girls faced each other and made out as they both rode each part of Mike. 

They had their hands all over each other's tits and clits and their tongues smashed together. Mike thrust up into Vanessa's wet cunt and his balls slapped into while he tongue fucked Lexi's equally wet pussy. 

With little notice, Mike yelled out in sheer bliss and Vanessa could feel him cumming into her. His hot jets of cum shot into her deep, hitting her cervix. Feeling his hot twitches, made Vanessa cum on his cock, their love juices mixing as they ran down onto the hotel comforter. Lexi's second orgasm was close behind watching her two lovers cum and orgasm together. All three of them pulled off of each other and tried to catch their breath, heaving through orgasm aftershocks, their bodies shaking and quivering. 

"Holy fuck," Vanessa panted in between breaths. "I think that was the hottest thing I have ever done" she continued. 

"I did not get any of Mike's cum, I was looking forward to having some run down my throat after I saw that big cock for the first time." Mike glanced at his deflating member willing it to stand again for Lexi's request. 

"Don't worry, that is not quite what I had in mind baby," Lexi winked at him as she climbed off the bed and positioned herself between Vanessa's open legs. The cream pie had just started running out and was becoming more visible with each pulse. Lexi did a slow lick up her pussy and collected Mike's and Vanessa's hot mixed cum on her tongue, her lips glistened with moisture. She showed Mike and then swallowed some of the load before going back for seconds and thirds of the cum shot. She did not miss a drop of the white fluid and this vigorous licking sent Vanessa over the edge for a second, stronger orgasm. Her back arched off the bed and she pulled Lexi further into her so her tongue could keep penetrating her. Watching his lover eat his cum out of his girlfriend's pussy made Mike hard as a rock again and was stroking himself watching a his girlfriend moaned uncontrollably through the orgasm. 

The three continued fucking all night with different positions and different combinations of their threesome. In the morning there was cum and clothing everywhere. Next year during that mid- August party, they would make sure that they got room 608 again and a new tradition was born.