 Lindsey woke at 11:30 a.m., groggy but not hung over. Her boyfriend Steve was passed out, naked, on the bed next to her. Lindsey shook him gently, but he didn't stir. There was a used condom on the bed, and she vaguely remembered him fucking her for a brief period before passing out the previous night.

Despite being conventionally attractive, reasonably sweet to her, and in good physical shape, Steve wasn't the best lover. He often drank too much, and was incorrectly convinced he was great at eating her pussy. Lindsey supposed she should be glad he was always happy to go down on her, but in reality he was average at best. He was only able to get her off with his tongue when she was particularly horny, or imagined Colin Ferrell while he did it. She had faked an orgasm or two just to protect his feelings.

Lindsey took a quick shower to clean off the smell of sweat and alcohol. As the water poured over her body she began to feel more human. She had a brazilian wax before the trip, and rarely had to shave her legs thanks to her laser removal. Being smooth and hair-free always made her feel a little more sexy and feminine. Lindsey played with her dangly new navel piercing a bit while drying herself off. She glanced in the mirror and suddenly sighed, wondering if this was all there was in life for her. A mediocre job and a mediocre boyfriend. 'At least I'm still pretty hot,' she thought to herself. Her body wasn't as fit and solid as it had been when she played University soccer on scholarship, but she had maintained a good level of fitness in the two years since graduating college.

During sex, Steve didn't touch or caress her enough, focusing only on her boobs and pussy before fucking her. Sex rarely lasted more than 20 minutes all together, and that was if she spent ten minutes of it sucking on his modestly sized dick. Not that Lindsey thought size mattered much. She had very good sex with her previous long term boyfriend, who was quite average, and her other encounters had also been of men of similar endowment. Her enjoyment of sex was independent of size, and usually she'd been able to get off via intercourse in a number of positions. But for some reason with Steve the only way she could come was riding him so that her clit rubbed just right. It often took some effort, and Lindsey only had the patience a small part of the time. Generally she just masturbated on her own or after Steve passed out.

Steve's company had paid for the awesome suite they were sharing with Lindsey's best friend Steph and her boyfriend Trevor. He'd won some sort of promotion and gotten free airfare for the both of them to San Juan, Puerto Rico and rental of the immense cabana for a week. Upon seeing the brochures and talking to Steph they agreed it would be more fun if they all went, and Steph and Trevor bought their plane tickets the same day.

Lindsey tied on her favorite bikini, a rather brief white one with a side tie string bottom and small triangle tops. She'd noticed Trevor looking at her in it. It wasn't quite ogling; it was much calmer and less lecherous than that. Taking in her body, or perhaps examining her. Enjoying the sight of her. When she made eye contact he never seemed embarrassed or "caught". In fact he seemed almost proud he was looking at her. She mentioned it briefly once to Steph whose reply was, "You've got a damn nice body, what guy wouldn't look?"

Lindsey slid the glass door open and stepped outside onto the large concrete patio. The weather was perfect. Bright and sunny, only a few puffy white clouds in the sky. The cabana sat high in the hills and had an ocean view yet almost total privacy. Trevor was dressed only in shorts and doing some sort of Yoga on a floor mat. Steph was in the spa tub which was built into the patio so that you stepped down into it. Steph smiled at Lindsey, who walked over to her and sat down, dangling her feet into the swirling, comfortably warm water.

They sat in silence until Lindsey observed, "Steve shouldn't drink so much if he's going to be so out of it the next day." She realized she tended to encourage his drinking with her own consumption, but the fact was she could hold her liquor better than him. The ability to put them away and bounce back the next day was not unique to her within her family. Steve would likely be asleep at least until 2:00 and probably not want to move much before five o'clock that evening. Lindsey suddenly felt anxious and jealous of Steph and Trevor's relationship.

"You guys want to go check out the beach?" Lindsey asked, deciding that hanging out with her friends and witnessing their happiness was better than moping alone imagining it. Plus she'd always enjoyed catching rays, and the beach was almost a local legend. The trail down was close to two miles and moderately steep, though quite safe. The beach was isolated by two cliffs forming a small cove. It was supposed to be stunning, but due to the inaccessibility it rarely was disturbed by many people on any given day.

"Sure." Steph said. "Are you certain Steve won't mind us leaving without him?"

"I'll leave a note, and if he gets up he can catch up with us later. He didn't seem that excited about the hike anyways," Lindsey replied a bit more testily than she had intended. Her friend read her mood instantly.

"I'll pack some food and blankets and stuff. Trevor should be almost done," Steph replied soothingly.

The trio began their hike, with Trevor mostly silent and contemplative, as was his nature, and the girls chattering about random things. The girls wore bikini tops and small shorts over their bottoms for the hike, while Trevor wore only his trunks.

When they finally arrived, the beach was everything it was supposed to be. Yards and yards of pristine white sand extended before them. The smooth surface was broken only by the occasional animal prints – no human had been here since the tide had come in the previous night. The girls giggled and spread out their blanket and towels. Trevor explored a bit and then announced he was going for a swim.

Lindsey was a bit surprised when Steph casually shed her bikini top after arranging herself on the blanket. She didn't ask, but supposed her friend didn't mind having her lover nor her best friend see her tits. Lindsey had sunbathed naked many times herself, but always in privacy. She found herself slightly jealous of her friend's willingness to bare herself publicly to eliminate tan lines.

Physically the women were quite different, although most would find them equally attractive. Lindsey had a slightly fitter body from hours spent running and in the gym, a fitness habit she'd maintained since playing on the University soccer team. She also had arguably nicer breasts, large and firm. Their nature was the source of a lot of speculation among men who saw her, especially given her 5'4" body and smallish frame. Still, they were real; large breasts and small hips tended to run in her family. Lindsey tanned easily, but had supplemented her natural coloring with a Mystic Tan for this trip, giving her a perfect copper tone.

Steph certainly had the nicer ass, high, firm and proud, and legs equal to her best friend. She had done all varieties of dance even into college, and had the lean, strong body to show for it. There was little fat on her, and her hips were in perfect proportion to her trim waist. Her chest was a modest B cup, though big enough that a padded bra could at least create the illusion of some size. Steph was also the more natural beauty of the two friends. Her beautiful blue eyes and shoulder length blonde hair gave her an all-American look, though she often liked to wear glasses to look more intellectual. Steph was rubbing copious amounts of sun block on her fair skin to prevent sunburn. Despite being 23 she barely looked a day over 20 due to her flawless skin and baby-face.

Trevor returned, smiling at the sight of his girlfriend in only a brief bikini bottom. He glanced over at Lindsey as well, who grinned back at him. He glanced meaningfully over at Steph, then back at her, almost as if to ask why Lindsey hadn't also shed her top. She almost blushed at the silent question, but instead lifted her eyebrows and winked playfully. Trevor settled himself on the opposite side of Steph, and Lindsey soon dozed off, tired from the hike.

She woke a bit later and lifted herself up, looking around. At first she thought she was dreaming. Both her friends were now totally naked! Steph was on her stomach, sunning her bare ass and back. But Trevor was on his back, totally exposed. And he was huge! While not fully erect, it was certainly not in a shrunken state, but easily eclipsed any she'd seen in thickness and was as long as the longest. The term "porn star sized" popped into her head. She realized Steph had not been exaggerating about his proportions, and couldn't help wondering if what she said about how it felt inside her was true as well. She tried not to stare, but couldn't help it. She figured he was dozing based on his breathing and it was quite the sight. She realized she'd become damp between her thighs.

"If they're naked I can go topless!" she thought, and untied her bikini top. It felt good to expose her breasts to the sunlight, and rather liberating. With a bit more thought she shed her bottoms as well and lay back down on her stomach. Neither of her companions stirred. Lindsey felt a thrill of knowing she was completely bare in a public place, especially so close to her best friend's boyfriend. As her excitement settled, she drifted off to sleep again, enjoying the natural feeling of the warm sun on her naked body.

When she awoke again her friends were gone. She looked around and saw them in the ocean, slightly past waist high water. They were embracing and kissing. Their hands were hidden under the water, and she could only speculate what they were up to. She watched them, feeling jealous once more of their intimacy and sexual playfulness. Steph turned around in the water and rubbed her ass against what was presumably a very erect cock. Trevor then pushed her forward, bending Steph over. The former dancer supported herself at a right angle as her lover pushed himself into her from behind. They were fucking in the ocean in front of her! Lindsey's pussy gushed as she watched her best friend get fucked.

She couldn't really see the details, but watched as Trevor pumped back and forth that way for several minutes. Eventually Steph turned around and jumped into his arms. Trevor held her legs and proceeded to fuck her standing up, with Steph's bare back to the shore and ass mostly hidden by the water. Lindsey found herself wishing her boyfriend was ever that creative. She also caught a glimpse of Trevor's large erection during the rearrangement.

Her friends fucked for a good twenty minutes, longer than she and Steve had since their first week together. At last their pace slowed, and the couple returned to shore holding hands, Trevor's cock still mostly hard.

"Enjoy the show?" Steph giggled, plopping her wet body onto the towel and stretching out. "God, Trevor always fucks me so good." Trevor just smiled at Lindsey knowingly, eying her bare tits lustfully. She marveled at his cock, having always thought guys were supposed to shrink up after they came.

"Hmmm?" Lindsey asked, trying to play dumb.

"Did you enjoy watching Trevor fuck me? We thought about giving you a closer view, but figured you could have come closer if you wanted to," Steph said. Lindsey wasn't sure to make of her friend's brazen behavior.

"You two are very sexy together," she admitted. Trevor had settled back on the blanket, but his cock had not fallen. In fact it was harder than when he exited the water. Lindsey wondered how he had slipped it so easily into Steph, who wasn't the biggest of girls.

"See something you like?" Steph teased softly, noticing how Lindsey was staring. Embarrassed, Lindsey immediately tore her eyes away, focusing on Steph's eyes as opposed to her naked and recently fucked body.

"So what made you get naked with us?" Steph asked, changing the topic a little. If Trevor was listening in, he didn't show it physically.

"I've always wanted to sunbathe nude. I figured I'd join in the fun," Lindsey answered honestly.

"Cool. I've got to say Lindz, you look great. I've seen you plenty of times in a bikini, but your body is bitching. I'm jealous of your big tits!"

"Thanks Steph," Lindsey had mixed feelings about her friend's compliments and appraisal. "You look good too."

"Thank you. I see you got a bikini wax before the trip too. Trevor loves a bare pussy and I knew he'd be seeing a lot of it," Steph continued casually. Lindsey noted that her friend's pubic region was as free of pubic hair as her own, so both girls were truly and completely bare on the beach. Trevor's cock was somewhat trimmed, which only magnified its appearance of size.

The sun was getting lower in the sky and a glance at her watch showed Lindsey it was past 4 o'clock. "I think we should head back."

Steph and Trevor shared a meaningful look before Steph nodded. Lindsey dressed quickly, facing away from her friends. Somehow lying on her back naked didn't feel as shameful as walking around casually. When she turned around Steph had replaced her bottoms, but Trevor seemed to be taking his time getting dressed. His erection had subsided, but his cock was still rather impressive in its limp state. Lindsey watched him tuck it away before busying herself gathering her blanket.

Lindsey tried to think about something besides Trevor's big cock on the walk back, but failed. She remembered getting into a playful argument with Steph once about size. Lindsey has said they're all more or less the same anyways, so it's all how the guy uses it. Steph had told her any woman who thinks that has never had a big one. At the time she thought Steph was kidding. Having seen Trevor's erection she found herself really wondering.

Steve was watching television when the threesome returned to the suite. He barely acknowledged their return. Lindsey was incredibly horny from thinking about her friends fucking and had to practically drag Steve into the bedroom with her. He seemed amused by the ferocity with which she tore off their clothes.

Seeing Steve's erection was an incredible let down. It looked even smaller than she remembered it. He was hard, but she decided he owed her a nice pussy licking.

"I want to feel you lick my bare pussy with that wonderful tongue of yours," she said, lying on her back and spreading her legs. He grinned and lowered his mouth, immediately going straight for her clit. Ordinarily that might have frustrated her, but she was so horny it was exactly what she wanted. She closed her eyes and soon it was not Steve but Trevor she imagined was eating her out.

"Oh god, that's so nice baby," she moaned, not faking her excitement.

"You like that?" he asked her, sensing her heightened state of arousal. His voice broke her fantasy of Trevor, as Trevor spoke in a deep bass compared to Steve's tenor.

"Yes, but please, don't stop licking me!" she moaned, hoping he wouldn't talk and would simply worship her with his tongue. She got her wish, and returned to her fantasy of offering herself to Trevor. In her fantasy she had to deal with Steph; it seemed easiest just to have her watching, smiling. Then she decided that there was no way Steph could just watch Trevor's big dick dangling between his legs and not suck it. Imagining her friend going down on her boyfriend was the image that set Lindsey off, and she gripped the sheets tightly, moaning loudly in orgasm.

"You want some dick now, baby?" Steve asked her, quickly putting on a condom.

"Yes, fuck me with your cock, T... Take me now!" she moaned, almost saying Trevor's name.

Steve sunk his cock into Lindsey and began thrusting rapidly. She tried to imagine Trevor thrusting deep within her, but Steve just wasn't a suitable proxy. She flexed her pussy muscles causing Steve to groan and quickly orgasm.

"God baby, that was hot," he told her as they reclined in bed together afterwards. "What got into you?"

"All that sun made me horny," Lindsey replied. "I'm gonna take a shower to clean up and rinse off for dinner."

"Ok," he replied. He didn't ask to join her, and she didn't offer.

Lindsey's fingers got herself off again in the shower, imagining Trevor behind her, fucking her deeply. She tried to stick her fingers deep enough to simulate his length, but her small hands fell short by a long shot. Still, using three fingers she felt she could simulate his tremendous girth. Once again, in her mind Steph was there, smiling and watching her boyfriend fuck her best friend.

It was obvious that Steph and Trevor had shared their own romp after the hike when the couple met in the living room to go to dinner. After her two orgasms Lindsey's nerves were much calmer, and she was able to enjoy her friends' company without thinking about Trevor's dick too much. Steve's charming side came out, although he did drink a little too much with dinner once again. Lindsey cut him some slack; she knew he really needed to unwind during his vacation.

Back in the suite the boys both decided to crash early after sharing a joke about their respective girlfriends wearing them out that afternoon. Steph and Lindsey made small talk in the living room before Steph decided they should take a dip in the hot tub.

Lindsey was quite surprised when Steph stood up and dropped her dress, revealing that she was completely naked underneath, and had been throughout dinner. She carefully hung the dress and grabbed a towel.

"You're going like that?" Lindsey asked.

"Yeah, why not? I love skinny dipping in a hot tub. You're my best friend and have seen me naked plenty of times. This morning, for example," Steph added with a playful grin.

"What if the guys come out?"

"Well I'm hardly worried about my boyfriend seeing me naked," Steph replied with a laugh. "And I don't mind if Steve sees me naked. Only seems fair, after all, Trevor got a nice look at you and those big milk jugs this afternoon!"

Convinced, Lindsey shed her own clothes. She had worn a thong and bra to support her "milk jugs" under her dress, but soon was as naked as her friend. Steph fetched a bottle of wine and two glasses and they headed outside. The two nude women settled into the warm water under the clear night sky.

"Beautiful night tonight," Lindsey observed.

"Yes, it seems like every night is here," Steph agreed.

They marveled about the natural beauty of Puerto Rico and each drank a glass of wine. "Do you remember when we first met?" Steph asked.

"Of course! God, freshman year of college seems so long ago," Lindsey observed. "It's been seven years now."

"I never would have guessed I'd have become lifelong friends with my randomly assigned freshman roommate. I guess we both got lucky!" Steph stated.

"Yeah, people never quite understood us either. I guess on the surface we seem really different. You were so shy and reserved, and you can't get me to shut up," Lindsey said.

"Yeah, I wasn't too surprised to find out you were a cheerleader and student council president in high school. I admit I thought you would be as stuck up as some of the other girls on our floor when I first saw you."

"Was it the make-up, the big boobs, or the tan?" Lindsey joked. 

"Plus you always studied so hard," Steph continued. "I always did admire your work ethic."

"And I hated the fact you could get A's and B's without trying very hard!" Lindsey shot back.

"We both knew how to party though," Steph said.

"Yes, yes we did," Lindsey agreed. She suddenly remembered she was naked in a hot tub with her best friend. She marveled how natural it all seemed.

After a bit of a pause Lindsey said "You know, I didn't trust Trevor when you first told me about him."
