 As with most who have email accounts I am plagued by unsolicited emails. The majority of them are SPAM and are sent directly to the trash folder by my email filtering program. Being ever so diligent I occasionally, as recommended by my Internet Service Provider, look through the emails in my trash folder to make sure nothing of importance was accidentally identified as trash. As I look through them every so often I see an email, that while obviously trash, piques my interest. 

On one such lazy evening I was looking through my trash folder and came upon an email received several days prior, sent by someone named "miss adventurous". While interesting the sender's name was not enough by itself to pique my interest, but it was enough when combined with the subject line, "Indulge me more with the details of your fantasy."

Interest piqued, I opened the email and found an internet link with a short, cryptic note, "Loved your post. Would like to learn more about your fantasy. Maybe we can work things out to our mutual benefit. Check my post and reply if you want to talk more. Hope to hear from you soon."

I had no idea who the sender was, nor could I recall sharing any kind of email, conversation, or anything else with anyone that could be construed to be a fantasy. As such being ever the cautious internet explorer my immediate reaction was to discard this email for fear that following the link may give me one of those terrible viruses or worms that would destroy my hard drive. But truth be told I have a fantasy that Cindy and I had thought about and discussed a great deal over the last year. It required finding just the right gal to make it happen. Could this be the ticket to our once in a lifetime dream? Needless to say my "little head" got the better of my judgment that night and I opened the link. 

The link took me directly into the forum section of one of those adult friend websites, and to a post by miss adventurous. Her post read, "Sexy, white, married, D/D free, middle-aged woman, 5' 4", brunette, blue eyes, and a few extra pounds in all the right places, seeks a couple to make my long held threesome fantasy a reality. I'm normally quiet, shy, and reserved, and can't believe I'm even writing this post. Before judging me know that, while happily married for 20 plus years, my husband's desire for sex has greatly waned at a time when mine has peaked. I've long had this threesome fantasy and know my husband would not approve or participate. I have no desire to hurt him so discretion is a must, but if you can help me realize this fantasy and scratch the itch that no sex for six months has been building, then send me an email with the particulars. I promise that if it works out you and your partner will have no regrets as I'm a tiger waiting to be unleashed."

I sat there after reading her post wondering how plausible it was that there was a beautiful, safe, and horny woman waiting to help us fulfill the fantasy of our dreams. I also had to wonder how her email happened to find its way to the trash folder of my email. Was it divine providence? Dare I respond? As much as I knew it was wrong my "little head" once again got the better of my judgment that night and I hit the reply button on her email.

"Dear Miss Adventurous, I'm not certain how your email found its way to me and think that it most likely was through some kind of mistake, but be that as it may I've long held the same fantasy you describe and would very much like to meet. I am a middle aged, professional gentleman who loves to give pleasure almost more than I like to receive it. My best friend and confidante, and I, would love to experience the pleasures of being with another woman. She and I have talked about this for more than a year and I am reasonably certain that she would be very interested in getting to know you and talking more about making all three of our fantasies come true. I am quiet, but both adventurous and imaginative and she is beautiful, middle-aged, out-going, and the kind of fun loving gal that is impossible not to love. We are D/D free and assure you the utmost in discretion. If interested let me know suggested next steps. Hope to hear from you soon."

Fingers shaking I hit the send button. My head was filled with the images of what might come to pass and now the anxious wait for her reply began. I was disappointed when the next two days came and went with no reply. Resigning myself to the fact this was probably someone who really wasn't serious I did not check my email on the third day. On the fourth day I opened my email and was elated to find her reply. Opening it I read, "It sounds like destiny that my email found you. I can't believe I'm admitting this to a perfect stranger, but I'm just wet thinking about the possibilities. If you and your friend are willing I suggest we consider meeting some place with just the right amount of privacy, for drinks. I know I will need a little something to calm my nerves. Then if the comfort level is there we'll see where it goes. I'm available any afternoon next week. Please let me know as soon as possible if you'd like to meet. Waiting with anticipation, Miss Adventurous." 

As I read her reply I became instantly hard with the thought of actually finding someone who might make our dream fantasy come true. I was meeting Cindy for lunch the next day and couldn't wait to hear her response. I didn't sleep well that night, and was distracted all morning at work as I thought about the possibilities. I remained in a constant state of semi-arousal. 

Lunch time finally came and I hurried off to meet Cindy. As soon as I saw her I grabbed her in a big bear hug and swung her around.  

"Remember our fantasy," I excitedly asked?

She looked at me with those big blue eyes and that little hint of a smile that she gets when she likes to tease me and replied, "Why I haven't the slightest idea what you are talking about."

"You know the one where we find another woman to play with?"

"Was that my fantasy," she playfully replied with a laugh and a smile.

"As I recall, you are the one who first brought it up, whispering in my ear during one of those intimate encounters, about how you would like to play with me and another woman."

"Ah, that fantasy. My memory may be returning. So what about it?"

"Well I may have found her."

"Yea right, didn't your mother ever teach you it's not nice to tease."

"Seriously, I don't know whether she's the right person for us, but I have someone who wants to meet us."

"Really?"

"REALLY!"

"So exactly how did you find her?"

"Well actually she kind of found me."

"Okay so you are telling me some strange woman just happened to come up to you and tell you that she'd like to fuck you and a friend?"

"What, you don't think that kind of thing happens in this day and age", I said with a smile and a wink.

She sat there quietly studying me for several moments. I know I was grinning from ear to ear and this just made her more suspicious of my tale. I could tell she knew something was up, but wasn't 100% sure if I was teasing her or if I was really serious. Finally she said, "Okay supposing I believe you, tell me the truth, how did this woman find you?"

I debated teasing her some more, but as fond as I am of teasing her I was simply too excited to share the news and see her reaction. So I started from the beginning and told her about the strange email I received, my decision to reply, and more importantly the response I received. Needless to say our lunch hour went far too fast as we both discussed the possibilities. In the end she was as excited as I was about the prospect of fulfilling our fantasy and we agreed that we should meet with her next week. After comparing our calendars we decided next Thursday afternoon would work. With that I gave her a kiss and a big hug and went back to work, wondering how I would be able to concentrate on my work through the rest of the day. As I feared the day dragged on until it was finally time to go home. 

I wasted no time in leaving the office and as soon as I got home I signed into my email account and sent the following response.

"Dear Miss Adventurous. We've discussed and can't wait to meet you. Next Thursday at 12:30pm works great for us. We're hopeful that time will be agreeable to you. Might we suggest meeting at the bar just off exit 172 of the interstate for the liquid refreshment that will hopefully calm all our nerves. Should things progress there's a hotel conveniently located right next door. Hope to hear from you soon."

Now the question was would she respond. Was she serious? All I could do was anxiously await her reply. I sent Cindy an email, letting her know I responded and then set about trying to relax for the rest of the evening. I decided there was no point in checking my email until the next night as the chances of her responding much before then were probably very slim. Given that I hadn't slept well the night before sleep came easily, and the next thing I knew it was morning. 

I couldn't wait until that night and decided to check my email before leaving for work. I wasn't disappointed as waiting for me was her reply.

"Next Thursday works great. I'll see you at 12:30. Look for a woman with shoulder length light brown hair, dressed in jeans, a white shirt, and carrying a blue book bag. See you then.....and by the way my name is Jeanne"

I excitedly forwarded her email to Cindy and went off to work. I knew the next week was going to seem to take forever, and it did. Cindy and I talked daily about our upcoming meeting and how it might go. She was concerned about feeling too much pressure to do something even if it just didn't feel right. In the end we agreed that she would meet Jeanne by herself and get to know her "woman to woman" first. If things were a go she'd call me so I could get a room at the neighboring hotel. We had also talked before about me using a blindfold at first, in case they were both too uncomfortable about disrobing and being naked in front of me. While I admit that was a bit of a turn on, I thought it would be much more fun for us to blindfold Jeanne at first, as a means of intensifying the erotic experience for her, while we undressed her and explored her body. I know I would find the experience of not knowing who's hands or mouths were doing what intensely erotic. Besides which what red blooded male would not want to see a naked female? I selfishly wanted all my senses to enjoy both women right from the start. Either way our conversations were fodder for many orgasms that week. 

Thursday afternoon finally arrived. I dropped Cindy off at the bar and pulled into the hotel parking lot to await further instructions. Time ticked slowly. Every time I checked my watch it seemed only three or so minutes had passed. It was nearing 1:00pm and I still had not received a call. I was certain Jeanne and Cindy had met or I would already have had a call informing me they had not. However, I wasn't certain if each passing minute was good news or bad news. I was just about to give Cindy a call when my phone finally rang.

"Hi, I thought you'd never call."

"Sorry, but you just can't rush these things."

"I understand. So am I getting a room?"

"I really don't want to disappoint you, but while she's nice and all we've both agreed that we're just not right for each other."

My heart sank at the news. I wasn't sure what to say, but in the end the decision was really Cindy's.

"I see," I said.

"You aren't disappointed are you?"

"What do you think?"

"I think I......GOTCHA YA! We'll be over as soon as you give me the room number."

"You tease! I should have known better."

"Yes you should. And you remember the blindfold idea?"

"Yes?"

"Well she loves it."

"Ok, but who's wearing it?"

"Who do you want to wear it?"

"A tease to the end aren't you?"

"You know it, but tell me you don't like it"

"I never said that. I'll call you back in a few minutes with the room number and then you tell me who's wearing it."

"Ok."

With that I hung up and walked into the hotel. I was able to get a small suite with a king size bed and a loveseat. As I headed to the room I called Cindy. She answered on the first ring.

"Hello there."

"Hi, room 214; you can enter via the side door of the hotel. Now tell me."

"Ok, be there in just a few minutes and the answer is up to you."

I entered the room and quickly placed my overnight bag on the floor. Turning down the bed I also quickly located the thermostat and turned the heat to 75. Just enough to be not too cold or too warm. Grabbing my overnight bag I located the blindfold and removed it just as a knock came at the door. I walked to the door and opened it to usher my two ladies in. 

My eyes locked on Cindy's for a moment. Her cheeks were flushed in the excitement and anticipation of what was to come. I could tell she was totally turned on. I then turned to face Jeanne and was not disappointed. She was a beauty with a cute face and light brown hair that was cut just at the shoulder. She was dressed in jeans with a nicely fit white top that accentuated her breasts, which I guessed to be a C cup. I could see just the hint of nipple straining through the material. 

"Welcome Jeanne. It's so nice to finally meet you. You are perfect and absolutely gorgeous. But this is all you get to see for now," I said as I held up the blindfold and placed it over her eyes, "we'll take this off a little later, but for now I want you to concentrate on your other senses as we undress and explore your magnificent body. How's that sound?"

"That sounds absolutely wonderful." she replied in a voice that was husky with excitement.

Cindy removed her coat and took Jeanne's as I led Jeanne by the hand to the bed. Standing behind her I gently began massaging her neck as Cindy hung the coats without taking her eyes off us. 

"I can feel how tense you are Jeanne," I said in a whispered voice, "relax and let us carry you away to pleasure. Do you like having your neck rubbed?"

"MMMmmm, it feels wonderful."

"Great," as I said this I gently brought my mouth to her neck and began kissing and licking all around her neck and her earlobes. My hands circled around her waist as she fell back into me while giving me complete access to her body. I continued nuzzling her neck as my hands came up and gently circled her breasts. I could see goose bumps form on her arms as my fingers gently sought out and pinched her nipples through her clothing. I looked up to see Cindy watching us while she undressed.

"Jeanne, your breasts feel fantastic," I breathed into her ear as my hands worked their way under her shirt to find the warm, soft skin of her belly. Wrapping my left arm under her breasts I began nibbling more on her neck and teased the fingers of my right hand all along her stomach, just under the waist band of her jeans.

"Cindy has just finished undressing Jeanne and she looks fantastic standing here in front of us, completely naked. She's going to come over now and help me undress you. Are you wet yet Jeanne?"

"Yesssss," she mewled.

"Good," I said, "I can't wait to feel your pussy with my fingers and give Cindy a taste. Would you like that Jeanne?"

"OMG yesssss," she moaned.

With that she slumped back against me a little bit more as Cindy moved in front of her and began to slowly unbutton her shirt. With every button she stopped, cupped, massaged, and teased her breasts. This was definitely getting to Jeanne as there was a noticeable increase in her breathing. 

When she got to the last button Cindy leaned into Jeanne's right ear and whispered, "You have magnificent looking breasts Jeanne, I can't wait to taste them," and with that she finished unbuttoning her shirt and we removed it. 

Looking at me Cindy said, "Let me take over for you a bit as it's time you got naked." I smiled my agreement and backed away to disrobe.

While I undressed I watched Cindy run her hands slowly up and down Jeanne's arms, and around her neck and then back down to her hands. Taking hold of each of Jeanne's wrists, Cindy brought her hands up and placed them on her breasts. She urged Jeanne, "Feel them." 

"What do you think of Cindy's breasts," I asked as I watched her run her hands over each one, savoring their soft, supple, fullness. "Do you feel how stiff you've made her nipples?"

"They feel magnificent," Jeanne breathed, "I can't wait to see them."

"In due time, but now it's time for me to feel yours," said Cindy as she reached behind and undid Jeanne's bra. 

"Oh they look absolutely beautiful," we both said in unison. 

With that Cindy took Jeanne's face in her hands and moved in to kiss her. I watched as Jeanne's hands circled Cindy and pulled her in closer, so that their tits rubbed against each other. They were exploring each other's lips, open mouthed, in a series of sensual kisses that just watching, had me hard in no time. I heard Cindy whisper, "Give me your tongue Jeanne," and I watched as Cindy sucked Jeanne's tongue into her mouth. They were now kissing each other in earnest and exploring each other's upper bodies with their hands.

Having fully disrobed I returned to my position behind Jeanne. I circled my arms around her waist, bringing my hands up to feel between her and Cindy's tits. It was incredible feeling the soft firmness of their breasts squeeze my hands. As I pulled against Jeanne's full breasts I also brought her close enough to me that my hard-on nestled between her cheeks.

"Feel how hard you make me Jeanne?", I whispered in her ear.

"MMMmmm," she murmured from beneath Cindy's kisses.

While I enjoyed the feeling of my hard cock against her I needed to relent and continue tending to business. I reluctantly eased up and moved my hands back down to the front of Jeanne's jeans. Finding the button I undid it and whispered, "It's time to lose these," and hooking my thumbs into both her jeans and panties I slid them down and off her legs and feet.

"Now isn't that better," I said as I now looked at these two, beautiful creatures who stood naked before me. I returned to my place behind Jeanne and brought my hands up to cup her breasts. Kneading them gently I tweaked her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and gently tugged them. Cindy got the hint and broke their kiss. She bent down as I fed Jeanne's left nipple into her waiting mouth, where I watched her suckle it and then gently nip it between her lips and pull back. At the same time my right hand stole south where I came into my first contact with Jeanne's furry mound. As I watched, Cindy continued to suck and tease her nipple while my pointer and index fingers searched and finally found their target as they slid easily over Jeanne's clit. She was extremely wet and her pussy felt like it was on fire. I thrust my two fingers inside her just as Cindy latched back on to her nipple.

"That feels so incredible," she purred, as I felt her pelvis thrust up against my invading fingers. After three thrusts my fingers were drenched in her lubrication and I removed them. Bringing them to my face I placed them deliciously under my nose and inhaled deeply.

"I must say Jeanne, I love your scent. You smell heavenly, but I'll let Cindy have the first TASTE!" With that I offered my fingers to Cindy who licked them with a resounding SMACK, so that Jeanne could hear.

"MMMmmm, I can't wait for more."

"Yes, but now it's Jeanne's turn," I said as I moved my fingers down to find Cindy's pussy. She was equally as wet and hot and as I thrust three fingers into Cindy's pussy she moaned and sucked harder on Jeanne's tit. After just a few thrusts I removed my fingers and brought them to Jeanne's mouth. She opened hungrily, but being ever the tease I ran them just around her lips and under her nose.

"Can you smell Cindy's pussy Jeanne?"
