 Co-written with Sandoula.

Cindy and I met at an erotic writers' convention a little over a year ago. I am not sure what drew us together, I have always been a conventional type of guy and she has a penchant for the wilder side.

The year before we had spent much time together, most of it in my room alone. This year, I had a surprise for her.

I reached out and touched her on the arm. It had been a long year since we had last seen one another live and in the flesh. We had kept in contact through email and the occasional chat. I didn't know how she would react to seeing me again. After a moment of surprise, I saw her eyes light up with recognition. She nearly spilled her bag when she reached up to give me a hug. I felt a rush of excitement and a familiar tingle in my groin when she touched me.

"How have you been?" she enquired.

"I have been well. I've enjoyed your latest contributions. I found the swimming pool story to be quite stimulating. How have you been?" I gushed breathlessly.

"Oh you know, the same, slightly unfulfilled. Do you have any ideas how we can take care of that!" she said with a wry smile on her face.

"I do, but I think that we should have something to eat first."

"The hell with that, we can eat anytime. Let's reacquaint ourselves." 

We had the elevator to ourselves. Cindy wrapped her leg around my waist, pulling me close as I bent to kiss her, my hands groping her arse. It was nice to see that we were rejoining where we had left off the year before.

The elevator ride was far too short and it seemed an eternity until we got to the room, but I had saved some time by removing her thong in the elevator. Then next rider will get a bit of a surprise.

My head was between her thighs with her heels digging into my back as soon as we reached the bed. Her pubis grinding against my face, my tongue buried between the folds of her red bush.

Her orgasm was quick and furious, as though she had anticipated this for a time.

"I want you in me," she panted.

"Ah, but I have a plan, " I said pulling silk ropes from beneath the bed, "and these are part of it."

Her look was that of disbelief, but you don't have to ask Cindy twice to go a little on the wild side. I bound her hands to the posts of the footboard, with her arse up.

I moved in front of her at the foot of the bed. Looking into her eyes, seeing need, want in her eyes.

Now for the surprise, "Gentlemen," I said. She looked at me, puzzled.

Two young well-endowed men walked from the other room into her view. Her mouth dropped open, and then formed a smile as I kissed her on the lips. Looking into her eyes, to say, this is for you.

Each guy bent before her and gave her a long kiss on the mouth, leaving her breathless with anticipation. They moved behind her and I knelt before her. I touched her face and kissed her.

I could feel her shudder as their hands began to wander over her body. I looked at their faces as they admired her lovely body. Cindy was a 40-year-old mind in a 20-year-old body.

I much preferred to have Cindy to myself and was going to enjoy being a voyeur for once. I took up position in a chair facing the bed, while slowly stroking my shaft within her view.

“You are such a tease,” said Cindy, with a smile on her face.

“Yes, I know,” I replied, winking at her.

Cindy looked gorgeous stretched out on the bed, completely helpless, and at the mercy of the men. I knew that it had long been one of her fantasies to be pleasured by two men at once.

One of the guys, James, had walked round to the foot of the bed and began to tease Cindy with his cock. With her hands bound, she could not get his prick in her mouth unless he wanted her to, so he was rubbing himself over her face and teasing her lips and tongue. I knew this would be making her labia very moist indeed!

The other man, Matt, was paying special attention to her buttocks, massaging his hands over and around them, slipping his fingers between her legs and rubbing her pussy lips. I could see her bum gyrating. The sounds coming from Cindy told me that she was really enjoying this!

As Cindy began to moan with pleasure and gasp out loud, James pushed his cock further into her mouth, thrusting his hips forward and back. I could see Cindy sucking hard and her hips were now bucking furiously.

Matt moved swiftly to replace his fingers with his cock, and as he pushed into her fanny I could see Cindy’s body shudder in orgasm. Both Matt and James shot their load too. Cum was now dripping from her mouth and Matt was directing his cum over her arse.


“Okay, we will untie you now,” James said.

“But we have not finished with you,” added Matt, grinning as he untied the silk ropes.

“Oh no,” replied Cindy. “I don’t think I can take much more pleasure,” she retorted with a huge grin on her face.

They rolled her over and Matt sat aside her breasts, teasing them before slowly sliding his cock up towards her mouth. Cindy hungrily grabbed his prick in her mouth and sucked greedily.

James probed her vulva with his shaft before plunging it in her pussy and pushing Matt, so that his cock went further into Cindy’s mouth. The guys moved forwards and back going deeper into her orifices. This was Cindy’s particular fantasy and I was really getting off on it too!

I was now stroking my shaft furiously and as I heard Cindy scream out in ecstasy, I shot cum all over my stomach. James and Matt also came, and the three of them collapsed in a heap on the bed.

“Oh my! That was amazing,” exclaimed Cindy. “Thank you guys.”

As James and Matt left the room, Cindy’s eyes trailed after them. I could tell that she was exhausted when she looked up at me with tired eyes. I stroked her hair and let her rest.

While she dozed, I drew a warm bath, complete with bubbles and rose petals. 

I came out and slipped my arms beneath her, picked her up, and carried her to the bath. I watched her lovely body as she slid into the water, beneath the bubbles.

I said to Cindy, “Well, I think maybe we should get something to eat now sexy. So you can get your stamina back for the next session!”

“You mean there is more!” She replied.

“Well, you are not going to deny me some fun are you?” I retorted.

I slipped into the bath at her feet, reached down to the floor, where there was a dish of grapes and strawberries, and wine. I fed her strawberries and grapes and held the wine to her lips so she could drink. 

After biting into a strawberry, a bit of juice dribbled down her chin. I leaned forward and removed it with my tongue, then kissed her deeply.

Fed and revived, I could see the lust return to Cindy’s eyes. She slid her finger up my arm, across my shoulder, my neck, and to my lips. I kissed the tip of her finger and smiled.

I reached out for her with my arms and Cindy slid over my legs and straddled my hips. Our mouths met and I wrapped her in my arms. The kiss was wet and hot. I could feel her tits rubbing against my chest, my cock hard and throbbing.

She lowered herself to my cock, teasing me by holding it at the entrance to her pussy. 

I ran my tongue over her nipples, cutting a figure eight, alternating from right to left. I could feel her lowering farther onto my cock until I was fully inside her. My hands held her arse, and my fingers slipped into her crack.

I don’t know if she was still thinking of her fantasy evening or if she was repaying me for making the evening. Her hips rocked back and forth and she milked my cock with her inner pussy muscles, throwing her arms around me and kissing and nibbling my neck.

It was not long until I felt my body spasm and I emptied myself inside her. 

She lay on top of me. We were collectively catching our breath. I looked into her eyes and kissed her a softly on the lips.

We rose from the water, and dried one another with the towels. I patted her down softly and she the same for me.

Then I led her to the bed and laid her out flat on her back. I spread her legs and ran my tongue along her inner thigh. I playfully licked and nibbled at her labia before sliding my tongue between her lips, working it inside her. I heard her gasp as I slid into her, and then slid my tongue side to side up her slit. My tongue circled her clitoris, teasingly passing around it with closing circles. She pressed her hips toward me, forcing it to my lips. I slid my tongue under her hood, then down and up and under again.

The moans she uttered served to encourage me, as if I needed any encouragement to dive onto her red bush. I felt her body tremor, slightly at first, and then an intense spasm that rocked the bed. I could feel her warm cum run onto my chin, and I slid my tongue down to get a taste of her juices.

She lay there, once again spent. I slid up next to her, held her in my arms, rested her head onto my chest; let her wrap her legs around my thigh. I held her there, stroking her skin, cooing her to sleep. 

I whispered, “Rest my dear, after all, tomorrow is another day.”