 Back in college, I lived with two fraternity brothers in a house fifteen minutes from campus during my junior and senior years. John was a solid friend since freshman year. We were on the baseball team together and had many of the same interests: sports, women, partying. Adam was a year behind us, played football and while friendly enough, was also a little unreliable. Maybe it was just being away from dorm life for the first time in his life, but he was a little shaky with things like upkeep around the house and paying his rent on time. Adam had a certain charm to him that made it easy to accept his apologies and at the same time made him seemingly irresistible to women. Of course, women may have found him attractive simply because he was: a six foot two inch receiver on the football team with shaggy dark hair, blue eyes and an easy smile. 

As was our custom, we usually let friends know to stop by anytime over the weekend to relax. Since the house was traditionally connected to the fraternity, it had been decided to keep one of the four bedrooms "open". That fourth bedroom was furnished with a couple of twin beds and there were also a couple mattresses in the furnished part of the basement - making it easy to crash if necessary. So, people liked to come over, play ping-pong or Xbox, watch games or movies on the big-screen television and just to more easily party away from the dorms. 

One late autumn Friday, after classes had ended and I'd been to the store for "supplies", Adam came into the kitchen as I was putting things away. He had just come back from practice, grabbed a beer from the fridge and, looking at the two 30 packs of beer and jugs of wine on the counter said: "Dude, what's up for the weekend."

"The usual," I told him. "John and I are in this Madden tournament and you know people will probably be stopping by. Tomorrow, Meg and I are going to see a movie. She wants to see 'Brokeback Mountain'. I'm arguing for 'Syriana', so we'll see."

"Good luck winning that one" he said chuckling before chugging his beer. 

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Well, going over to see this girl in my history class in a few minutes," he said sheepishly.

"Thought you said that Kelly was coming by tonight," I said.

Then, with that easy smile of course, Adam said: "She still might. If she does, tell her I just went out, Say I didn't say anything except that I'd be back in a bit. Keep her entertained. You've got plenty of booze; put a movie in, whatever. Cover for me, pleeaase..."

I knew he was going to get laid and I knew we'd cover for him - just like we'd expect him to do the same for John or me if we needed it. 

"Okay," I told him. "You know she'll try to reach you so don't answer your phone and maybe call her after a while with some lame excuse."

He laughed, "Right. Better come up with yet another lame excuse. Maybe if she has enough wine she won't think much about it..."

With that, he chugged the rest of his beer, pulled on a hoodie and said: "Later, Bro."

John came home a little while later with another 30 pack. He wanted to take a run. I had worked out earlier, so while he was gone, I filled a cooler full of beers, covered them with ice then moved into the living room with a couple bags of snacks. After John came back and showered, we settled in for a long evening of Madden football At least that's what we thought it would be. An hour or so after we'd started, we heard the front door open followed by the familiar voice saying "Hi guys. Is anybody home?"

"Hi Kel," we both said in unison. Two seconds later she was in the living room sitting on the chair across from us as we continued our Xbox game. Sitting there in short shorts and unzipped hoodie with a university logo t-shirt underneath, Kelly was definitely a head-turner. She had dark hair that fell just below her shoulders, brown eyes, long-legs, a perfect ass and tits that were just right for her body - my guess would be 34c's. She was athletic and a co-captain of the women's volleyball team. Besides that, she was just a friendly young woman. 

"Don't mind us, we just have to win this game and then we can take a break," I said to her. "There are some cold beers in the cooler here and we have wine and liquor in the kitchen."

She smiled and said: "Cool. I didn't see Adam's car. Do you guys know where he went?"

John and I shot each other a quick glance then John said: "He, uh, just left a little while ago and didn't say anything except that he'd be back in a bit. Maybe he went to the video store or something..."

"Hmmm?" was all Kelly said - getting up and heading into the kitchen while taking out her cell phone. John and I looked at each other then shrugged our shoulders and continued our game.

A couple minutes later, Kelly returned but not with wine. Instead, she had a tall glass of her favorite drink - rum and coke. She sat down across from us again - crossing her tantalizing legs as she stared blankly at the television. 

"Did you reach Adam?" I asked.

"No answer," she said. "I left him a message and texted him to see what's up. Is there anything going on at the frat house or with the football team?" she asked.

"There's nothing at the frat house that we know about." I said. "Football practice was this afternoon and doubt they'd be doing much of anything since there's a game tomorrow afternoon."

"Ah," she said taking another big gulp of her drink which was already nearly finished. "Oh well. Guess I'll make myself another one of these." 

Half an hour or so later, John and I had finished our Madden competition for the night. Since we'd started, I think we had six or seven beers each and watched Kelly starting to work on her third tall rum and coke. We decided to put a DVD in and were looking through our collection when we heard Kelly's phone. She answered questioningly then said: "Oh hi"...before walking outside to continue the conversation.

A few minutes later she came in and said it was Adam.

"What'd he say?" I asked.

She told us: "He said Coach Caz called a last minute film session over pizza and they took a break. He had to borrow Jo-Mo's phone because he said he forgot his. They'll probably be another hour he thinks. So what are we going to watch?"

John and I had briefly talked about putting a porn movie in, but then decided that she might not be in the mood considering Adam's a no-show. So we came up with the next best thing. It was a movie that had a lot of sex in it, but wasn't considered a porn film.

Since it was his movie, John asked: "Have you seen 'Last Tango in Paris' with Marlon Brando in it?"

"Hmm, haven't seen it, but heard it was a little, um, risqué," Kelly replied.

We laughed and John said: "Yep. There are some of those, er, risqué scenes, but they're all artistically done." 



We laughed again and then I suggested we take a little toke while watching. We all sat down on the couch. I took a joint out of my shirt pocket, lit it and passed it around. Several minutes later we were all fairly messed up, watching the movie and, from our squirmy movements and breathing, getting horny. Kelly was sitting between us and the sight of her long legs and heaving of her breasts had an effect on my cock. I felt it stirring beneath my gym shorts and actually didn't care if Kelly noticed. I'm sure John was feeling the same way. He'd often talked about what a "hottie" he thought Kelly was, so considering we'd been drinking, were stoned, and horny, I guess it shouldn't have been a surprise to see John's hand land on the inside of Kelly's right leg - just above the knee. She made no move to remove his hand. Instead, I watched as she put her head back and briefly closed her eyes.

This encouraged me to put my hand on the inside of her other leg, just below where John's was. Continuing to watch the movie, we each began to move our hand slowly up the inside of Kelly's thighs to the edge of her shorts then back down again. We repeated this several times, watching the movie, and began to hear Kelly making soft "Mmm" sounds. John then removed his hand and turned slightly towards her so that he could more easily run his hand over Kelly's t-shirt covered belly to her breasts. No one was watching the movie anymore. Kelly was sitting with her eyes closed and head tilted back, arms outstretched over her head. John took the hint, grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it over her head. Tossing it to the floor, John and I were treated to the sight of Kelly lusciously clad in only a sheer white bra with nipples visibly pressed against the material. John wasted no time running his hand behind her back to unclasp her bra and immediately removed it. Without hesitation we both moved to her tits, each of us cupping one and then taking the exquisite nipple into our mouths. 

The thought that Adam could walk in briefly crossed my mind, but hearing Kelly's soft moans and feeling my cock throbbing under my shorts, I dropped to my knees, easily parting Kelly's legs a little wider and began to lick the inside of her thighs. I could feel her growing heat as I moved up towards the junction "v" of her shorts. I looked up and saw John massaging each breast from behind the couch. He then bent over and put his mouth over one and then the other. Kelly was squirming when I reached up to unfasten her shorts. She raised her hips to help me slide them over her hips, down her legs to the floor. My cock got a jolt seeing the sheer white panties she wore that matched her bra. Her trimmed dark bush was visible through the material as was a growing wet spot between her legs. I had to taste her was my first thought and once again got to my knees to begin licking my way up her thighs again. 

I heard John say: "Mmmm, you are so hot" followed by Kelly's cell phone going off in her shorts on the floor. 

As I know I had hoped, Kelly did not choose to ignore her cell phone and allow us to continue on with our seduction efforts. She instead bolted into a sitting position as though awakened from a trance, reached for her cell phone in the pocket of her shorts, and listened to the message. We sat there dumb-founded while she told us what the message was. She said that since he had to be on campus early for game day preparations, Adam wanted to spend the night in the dorms. We watched her pick up her clothes, walk into the bathroom, and five minutes later. was saying good-bye to us. I'm sure she realized we were disappointed, but she was attached to Adam and we understood that. We did as Adam had asked: entertained her. The entertaining might have gone a little farther than intended, but there was no denying how exciting it was. 

After Kelly left, John and I just sat there in stunned silence for a few minutes. I hadn't noticed, but John had apparently removed his shirt while we were moving on her. Since I was still reliving the scenes in my mind, my hardon hadn't subsided, 

The silence was finally broken when John, sitting on the couch said: "Oh man. That was hot."

"I know," I murmured.

Another minute or so passed when John stood up from the couch and said: "Fuck, I think I need to jerk off."

I expected him to go up to his room, but instead, he pulled down his gym shorts, took hold of himself and began stroking. I wasn't surprised so much at seeing him naked. Being on the baseball team, we all got dressed and took showers together. It was more the boldness of this move that took me by surprise. John is a lean, six foot three inches with brown hair that he always wore short. I knew from observation that his cock was bigger than mine - probably seven inches - and now he stood five feet away from where I sat, half turned towards me, furiously stroking it. Within what seemed like seconds, John roared with pleasure, his cock erupted - spurting ropes of cum that flew and landed on the carpet. 

John stood there for about a minute before he finally said: "Oh man that felt good. Sorry but I just couldn't put it off." While pulling his shorts back on he said: "Dude, you should do it. Don't let me stop you. After what we went through with Kelly, you don't want blue balls."

I realized that not much time had passed since Kelly left and I was still hard. All it took was a few more words from John. When I heard him say: "Go for it, Bro," I stood up and slid my shorts down. It was kind of weird yet exciting to know John was watching as I gripped my six inch cock and began to masturbate. The only difference was I heard John encouraging me - saying things like "That's it" and "Nice" when, shortly after I began stroking, my throbbing cock exploded and sprayed cum all over the carpet. 

I had masturbated for girlfriends before. In fact, Meg and I rather enjoyed playing in front of each other. However, after finishing in the living room, I was a little embarrassed at what I'd just done in front of a guy. 

I quickly pulled up my shorts and said: "Whew. I'd better go find something to clean the carpet" then disappeared into the kitchen to look for some carpet cleaner.

I knew we had something under the sink. Living in a place that had frequent parties, it was an essential household. I gave myself a few minutes to calm down before I got the vacuum from the hallway closet and returned to the living room. John was just putting his cell phone away when I got back.

"Hey, I just got a text from Jackie. She just got off work and wants to get something to eat. Do you and Meg want to join us?"

I had just finished spraying the carpet cleaner on and said: "Meg's working late tonight. Think I'll just make a sandwich and crash. I'm kind of wasted."

Then John said: "I hear ya, bro. We did have a few beers. I'm still thinking about what happened with Kelly. She is such a hottie. Can't believe Adam's two-timing her, but guess he's going to get even more action tonight."

"Go figure." I said. "That kid is going to get in trouble one of these times."

"Well, better go take a quick shower and get going," John said before heading upstairs.

After he left I thought about how we could talk about the whole thing with Kelly, but not about what we had done in front of each other. The more I thought about it the more I began to accept that it was a spontaneous reaction to what had been an arousing event. Nevertheless, it seemed to be in the back of my mind the entire weekend. I was tempted to tell Meg about it when we got together the next day. I especially wanted to tell her after we made love Saturday night and we were lying there satiated. Shortly after we had started dating, Meg had confessed that she fooled around with a couple girlfriends in high school and freshman year. When I asked her how she felt about it, she said it was just experimenting - like most young people do. She had asked me if I had ever experimented and I told her no. I remembered her response was that maybe someday I might. Anyways, I decided not to tell her. It would get complicated coming up with a lie about what had led to it. She was friendly with Kelly, so I thought I'd just better not go there.

Over the next several months, we, of course, saw Adam with Kelly. To my knowledge, Kelly never came over alone though. John said that he talked to her at one of the parties we had at our house. He said that during the conversation he asked her if she ever thought about that night when she was waiting for Adam. Kelly told him not very much and said not to get his hopes up. When he told me this, I asked him if she seemed mad. He said not at all. So it seemed everything that happened that night was a thing of the past until one night in January. 

I had come back from Winter break a few days early and was surprised that John had decided to as well. The last I'd heard was that he had hoped to go skiing with Jackie that last weekend. I'd also heard there was a rainy weather forecast for the area, so that may have changed their minds. 

"Happy New Year!" I said when I saw him sitting in the living room.

He got up, we hugged and said: "Same to you!"

"What you up to? Not going skiing?" I asked. I noticed there was a cooler on the floor next to the couch, so went over and lifted out a cold one.

"No skiing. Weather's going to be crappy and Jackie has a cold," he said. "So I decided to come down early and get a head start on getting banged up."

I laughed. On the coffee table in front of the couch was an unopened bottle of John's favorite scotch as well as a stack of DVD's and Xbox games he'd brought back from home.

"We got to try some of this scotch. It's a gift from Jackie," John said. He threw some ice from the cooler into a couple of plastic cups, opened the scotch and splashed a little bit into them. He handed me one and, holding the cup up, said, "To the New Year!" 

We toasted and then he told me that a buddy from home had swapped a bunch of DVD's with him. I sat down on the couch and began to browse through the stack. Towards the bottom were several x-rated movies that got my attention. John noticed and said that his friend was a real 'porn hound'. 

After a bit of catching up, John asked: "Are you going out with Meg tonight?"

"No. She's coming down tomorrow afternoon. Wants me to come over to help her unload some stuff she's bringing from home," I told him.

"Let's order a pizza and play some Xbox then. I got the new NHL game and it's outstanding," John suggested.

So that's what we did. We drank several beers and sipped more scotch while playing video games. After a couple of hours, John came back from a bathroom break and suggested we check out a movie. 

"What you up for? Porn or regular?" he asked.

"It's your stash, Bro. You make the call," I told him.

"Okay then. I'm always in a porn mood and my friend says there's some real hot stuff to check out," he replied. 

He grabbed a DVD from the stack. I caught a glimpse of the box. It was some kind of threesome compilation. After he put the DVD in, John pulled a joint out of his shirt pocket and said one of his other friends had hooked him up with some good weed over the holidays.

He sat down on the couch, lit the joint, and used the remote to start the DVD. Since it was a compilation, it was one hot sex scene after the other either with two men and a woman or two women and a guy. I know I was buzzed and also getting more and more aroused as we watched. I felt constrained by my jeans, but was too shy to rub myself or loosen them. I took a quick glance over at John. A bulge was evident beneath his sweatpants and he had no qualms about rubbing himself. 

A few more minutes passed when I felt his hand on my thigh. "You need to loosen these jeans. Bro," he suggested.

When I didn't just do that or move away from him, I guess he took it as a positive response. He moved his hand to the fly of my jeans and unfastened them. His hand then reached into my boxers and fished my cock out. 

"You should be a little more comfy now," he said.

I sat there a little stunned but continued to watch the movie. Beside me on the couch, John lifted his hips and slid his sweatpants down.

I tried to relax and not think about what was going on. I told myself to just watch the movie and surprisingly, it worked. I didn't look over but, from the sound of things, knew that John had begun stroking himself. Gradually, with my focus on the movie and more buzz kicking in, I began to stroke myself. It seemed like a natural thing to do. Not because I wanted to cum right then and there, but because it felt good just to edge my excitement along as each threesome scene played. Thoughts of what nearly happened with Kelly several weeks back also crossed my mind. My reverie was broken when I felt John's arm against my thigh and his fingers lightly brushing my balls. I didn't move. John cupped my balls and then after a moment I felt his hand pushing mine away in order to grip and stroke my cock. Just having another person's hand on my cock, I might have cum right away, but John only left it there a few seconds.
