 It had been a long day. There had been beach walks, massages, little presents and huge feasts. A bonfire birthday party and the perfect raw chocolate birthday cake. All in all, we had done a decent job of making Bea's birthday something special but the night wasn't over yet. We had a plan, we had goals, we were going to make this a night worth remembering!

People had started to peel away from the fire, quietening down and bundling up against the chill when we slipped away. Zipping ourselves into the cosiness of the bell tent. There's something about soft fairy lights and piles of cushions and blankets that make you feel like you're in your own secret world.

Bea sat leaning back against me as we watched Dane roll a final splif. Passing it back and forward. I watched the little twists of smoke escape her lips, as she pressed warm against the front of me and play absently with her loose curls. I've never gotten over the way light seems to make their matching gold curls glow. I am definitely the dark sheep of the group and pretty embarrassingly smitten with these two amazing humans.

Dane casually runs one rough hand over her instep, massaging her outstretched calf hard enough to elicit a small groan of pleasure and gives me a wicked grin. Ah yes, the plan, I'm almost too relaxed after the splif but I am committed to the cause. Keeping eye contact with Dane, I nuzzle against Bea's ear, lifting all that amazing hair to kiss my way up her neck. She turns towards me so I can kiss her, all soft lips and quick darting tongue. Mmm, it would be easy to get lost in the soft warmth of her but tonight isn't about me, tonight is all about her.

"Turn around," I whisper against her ear.

Turning her so my arms encircle hers, my hands going over her hands where they rest in her lap, I take her hands, cupping them so that the fingers intertwine, the pads of the thumbs and fore fingers pressing together.

"Press your fingers and your thumbs together." I murmur against her neck.

"Focus on your fingertips,"

"Can you feel your heart beat?"

I run my hand up her arm to splay out over her collar bone as my lips run back down her neck to give the softest bite, just a grazing of teeth.

"Can you feel the pulsing in your fingertips? the blood pulsing?"

"mmmm" her answer is illegible.

"Just focus on your pulse." I murmur.

Her eyes close and her head rests back into the crook of my neck. Pulling on an earlobe with my teeth, I draw my hand back across her collarbone and down her side, across her rib cage, and cup one breast. I look over at Dane who is watching us intently. Grinning at him I drag my thumb over her nipple, clearly visible against her shirt, and his tongue flicks out to wet his lips. A tiny movement that makes things low in my body clench in anticipation.

Gesturing him closer with my eyes I softly knead one boob and Bea makes a little sound as Dane moves towards us, running a hand up her leg.

"Mmm, nooo, relax." I press her back

"Focus on your pulse."

I am nuzzling her neck and tormenting one nipple, as Dane runs a hand slowly up her inner thigh. Pausing to cup her feather light through her jeans before moving quickly further up her body. A tiny sigh of protest escapes her and he grins wickedly at me.

My God, we might teach him foreplay yet!

He brushes a kiss across her mouth and as she shifts towards him. I can see the pulse in her neck beating frantically.

"Mmm, are you focusing?" He teases.

He nibbles her neck as I reach forward and pop the top button of her jeans. He has somehow managed to expose one boob and her hand comes up to tangle in his dreads, as he runs his tongue across her nipple, one eyebrow raised mischievously at me. I slide my hand under her panties, curving down to cup her, middle finger resting against her clit, and she presses her hips up against my hand.

God, she is so wet already, this is going to be fun!

Pressing lightly, I start to slowly rock my hand back and forward against her pelvis, dragging my finger back and forward over her slick clit. They are making out in earnest now and one of his hands crushes a boob. Her hips are straining against me trying to get that little bit more pressure and everything is speeding up, hands, pulses. Dane reaches across, kissing me with a focus that has me straining forward, and we break apart, all breathing heavily, laughing at ourselves.

Bea squirms, dislodging us in an effort to peel her jeans off, and we all laugh anew.

"I think she's focused" I comment dryly to Dane.

"Farkkk," Bea complaints.

And Dane cracks up.

"Apparently!"

I strip my shirt up over my head and she's there on her knees in front of me. Kissing me deeply and pulling me against her, one hand on the waist band of my pants tugging the material roughly up against my crotch, so I gasp and grind forward against her. Dane wraps one hand around my throat, drawing me back against him, so I twist to give him access to my mouth. I lean back, hands digging into his upper thighs for support, as Bea finds my breast, nibbling a hot line from one nipple to the other.

"Now who's focusing?" she teases.

"Hmff." I wriggle free, tugging one nipple as I escape, and scooting back out of her reach.

"Oh, I think there's room for some more focusing." I grin at her.

Dane lies her back on the pile of cushions, managing to remove his shirt and her bra as I shuck off my pants. Watching the two of them lying there, hands in each other's, hair, lips and bodies pressed together; hearing her soft purrs of pleasure is one of the most erotic things I've ever seen!

I crawl up their legs onto the pile of cushions so I am behind Dane, reaching over his shoulder to bring her lips up to meet mine. She smiles at me from inches away, nose crinkling as she giggles, I quirk my head down his body. She goes for his fly as I kneed the muscles in his shoulders and lean down for a kiss.

He catches his breath against my mouth as she wraps a hand around him and I pull back so we can watch her flick her tongue over the head of him. Slowly slipping down to take more into her mouth. Dane groans in the back of his throat and reaches one hand down to tangle in her hair, forcing as much of himself into her mouth as he can. His other hand pulls me down for a kiss, crushing against my mouth, mirroring her rhythm on his cock, and I'm beginning to get carried away. Breath catching, hips pressing forward of their own accord. If we don't take a minute I know we will all just fuck right here like this, but we have a plan damn it!

Pulling back, Bea disengages to kiss me, and I can taste the faintest hint of him on her mouth. Rolling over his legs, I take her with me, pinning her to the cushions kissing her nose her mouth.

"Back to focusing," I smirk.

I kiss my way down her body, rolling my tongue over a nipple, down her flat stomach. I can see the pulse beating frantically where her leg meets her hip and I run my tongue over it, inches from her, grinning as I settle between her legs.

"Are you focused?" Dane asks, rolling onto his side to circle a nipple lightly with one finger before crushing her breast in one large hand.

"Arhh," she gasps, nodding.

"How about now?" I ask, nuzzling her inner thigh before flicking my tongue out to skim over her heat.

"Mmm," she agrees, hips pushing up, asking for more.

Dane is palming her breasts, kissing her like he wants to eat her alive, it seems like a good idea to me.

I wrap an arm around her thigh using my hand to tilt her open for my mouth. Lapping at her wetness. I focus my attention on her clit, flicking my tongue over the nub of her again and again as she arches against my lips, mewing into Dane's mouth. I slip a finger into her, then two and she is wet and so hot. I have a moment of jealousy that I can't, like Dane, slip inside her heat. I slide my fingers into her over and over and she falls away from Dane, her head going back, breathing? fast. Not yet!

Dane is watching me, looking pretty pleased with himself. Time for him to do some work, I think.

"Wanna learn to finger like a lesbian?" I ask, easing back.

He gives me a look like "please", but I just grin back. Young'ns think they know all the tricks.

I sit up and he slides a hand down to cup her, dragging his fingers through her moisture to thrust two fingers inside her. Shoving in and out of her like he is fucking her, he is watching her face as her breath comes in pants and she strains against him for that little bit more. God, they're beautiful together, but I know the angle isn't right yet to make her cum.

I reach over and wrap my hand around the length of him where he is pressed against her hip and give him a little tug.

"Slowly."

He looks impatient.

"Slowly," I insist.

"Here."

I slip my hand down across the back of his hand and even though his hands are literally twice the size of mine, I hear her gasp as I press two of my own fingers into her. Curving them behind his fingers so she lets out a helpless little whimper. I crook my fingers gently, showing him the perfect spot, starting a slow beckoning rhythm before slipping my fingers free. She has stopped panting and moaning but her body is almost vibrating and he is paying attention, kissing her softly.

I wrap my hand still slick from her pussy around his cock, stroking its length so it glistens with her juices. I am going slow so he doesn't get too distracted, but I can't help but lean forward to taste him, their flavours mixing, so they smell sweet like honey. The feel of his pulse throbbing through the swollen head of him against my tongue makes me long to feel him throbbing inside me. Dragging my mouth up and down his shaft, I sink more and more of him into my mouth till he presses against the back of my throat. I give a little push so he fills my throat, and I have to remember not to try and breathe or I'll choke. His hand is speeding up on Bea and I can feel him fighting not to fuck into my mouth. I pull back laughing.

"Soon."

Moving back over Bea, I look at them up the length of her body.

"Ok, when I say you're going to speed up, don't change anything just go harder, right? Hard!"

He kind of blinks at me, well and truly distracted, but then I bend my head over her, crushing my mouth against her like I am trying to eat the very centre of her, and her body goes nuts. Spasming, she lets out a string of whimpers. I flick my tongue over the slick bud of her clit again and again and I know she is close. I squeeze Dane's wrist and he takes me at my word and pounds against that spot inside of her. I will have bruises under my chin tomorrow but it will be soooo worth it. I keep time with him against her clit and the three of us are moving, rocking, chasing it for a second. Then I feel that tension spilling over and she shudders, muscles clenching around his fingers, and with an inarticulate sound, she is cumming. Squirting, thick and sweet against my tongue so I can taste her, smell her, feel her all around me.

"Farrrrrk."

She is twitching with aftershocks as I sit up, and we laugh at my red face covered with evidence of her enjoyment. Dane reaches for me with a hand damp from her, and I lick his fingers, sucking them deep into my mouth for a second. He grabs my wrist and with a less than dignified yelp I am lying on my side between them.

Bea wipes my face with a corner of her T shirt, kissing me tenderly, but Dane has run out of patience. Kneading my butt, he slides my top knee up so it's trapped between her thighs. He wraps one hand in my hair to force my head back and pushes into me with one hard thrust. No matter how frekn horny I am, I haven't had any direct stimulation, and my body fights him for a second as he works to get every inch inside me. For a second we lie there, Bea trailing kisses down my exposed neck and into my cleavage. Me enjoying the sensation of him at my back, filling me up, and then his hand tightens on my hip and he is pistoning into me over and over, almost as fast as he can, and it is my turn to mew and gasp and writhe for him.

They lean over me to kiss and they're tall enough that I get a face full of boob, and that's all right with me, but the rhythm is way too intense to do her any justice. My body is starting to lose it—0-100 just like that. Dane wraps one big hand around my throat and he is breathing against my hair, almost gasping with every thrust. Bea is riding my knee trapped between her thighs, kissing me desperately, and we are all moving together as one again, in a moment I won't ever be able to describe to more conventional couples. Bea slides a hand down my hip, cupping my mound, and pressing her forefinger against my clit. And like that, I'm gone. With Dane moving inside of me and Bea pressed against the front of me. Dane doesn't slow, and wave after wave of orgasms hits me, muscles shivering, clamping down on him, crying out.

"Soon?" Dane gasps from behind me, and I'm fighting the last ripples of my orgasm as I jerk forward, trying to get away from him.

"No!"

He looks a little crestfallen and confused, in that not-enough-blood-in-my-brain way guys have.

"Birthday girl, remember?"

I roll Bea in his direction and he grins as she straddles him, sliding herself against the slickness of his erection. Wrapping a hand around him to guide him inside, I watch, wrapped around them, as each throbbing inch of him pushes slowly inside her until she is stretched pink around the base of him. Head back, lips slightly parted, eyes flashes of green between her lowered eyelids.

"Farrk" I use her favourite exclamation with feeling and they laugh at me.

She leans forward, hands on his chest, and starts to move. Riding him for one stroke, two, before his hand wraps around her throat, holding her in place, and he shoves himself up into her. He finds his rhythm and slams into her over and over, so all I can hear is the slap of flesh on flesh and her small gasps of pleasure and their smell sweet like honey surrounds us.

She catches me watching them and grins at me, dragging me up by the hair into a kiss, mirroring his ferocity. Beckoning to me, chuckling as he loses all sense of rhythm as I swing a knee over his dreads and press my pussy down to his lips. We brace each other's arms, leaning forward to kiss, riding him with a synchronised roll of hips. Giggling as his body struggles to do two things at once for a second before he hits his stride and suddenly he is eating me, fucking me with his tongue, his teeth harsh against my clit. I am looking into her face from inches away pressing down on her shoulders as he thrusts up to meet her, and it's not remotely funny.

We are all groaning, and I roll to the side before I get too carried away and suffocate the poor boy. Bea reaches out to me, pouting, and I laugh, scrambling around behind her on the cushions.

I nuzzle her neck, kneeling high between Danes legs behind her to look over her shoulder at Him.

"I think we've already used up our lifetime supply of slowly this evening," I murmur.

Looking down at Dane's sweat slicked chest and half-closed eyes, surrounded by a halo of golden dreads, I grin, wrapping one hand lightly around her throat, so she turns her head back to kiss me. Twisting back, I mouth to him.

"Fuck her!"

And he does, driving himself frantically into her, hands on her thighs so her hips roll in a continuous rhythm. One of her hands comes up to tangle in my hair. Her weight is back against me and I grasp her nipples between my fingers, drawing up her breasts, making a show of it, as I nibble at her neck. We try to kiss but the rhythm is too frenzied and we are left gasping, faces pressed together, in half-laugh, half-groan. I pull back a bit.

"Focus," I tease.

Tugging on her nipples, running my hands over her smoothness, breasts, arms, neck. Her head lolls back against my shoulder, breath coming in hard pants. I am watching Dane watch us through slitted eyes and the look of straight-up lust on his face makes things low in my body clench all over again. I can't imagine a world where this ever gets old!

He is panting too and sliding in and out of her with so much force that her body is jerking continuously against me. I raise an eyebrow at him; I do so like helping.

Sliding my arms around her waist from behind. One wraps up over a shoulder and the other down to cup her, pressing two fingers over her clit, stroking her the way she caressed me earlier. While using my weight to press her down onto him in time with his thrusts. They both let out an inarticulate moan and I know with the size of him and my weight helping he has to be hitting the end of her. I can feel him moving in and out of her an inch from my hand and I know her body is about to lose it, right on that edge, jerking, head back, weight against me, focus gone. Lost in the sensation of him pounding into her.

I am watching his face as he struggles to last. Biting my lip as he looks into my eyes and I move with him. Pressing down in time to his thrusts, so I am almost fucking her onto him and we hit that moment of perfect rhythm one last time, moving as one. Until my finger skimming against her clit puts her over the edge. She cries out, body shuddering against me, and I can feel her clit harden and her muscles clamp down on his cock and then he is cumming too. Head back, arched up to press deep into her body and we lose all rhythm, arching and pressing to wring the last tremoring, gasping sensation out of the moment.

Bea collapses bonelessly back against me and Dane makes a small sound of protest at the angle, so I tip her gently forward to collapse against his chest. I ease around to the side of them and he rolls her languid body between us. Her eyes are mostly closed, a soft smile on her face. Her hands reach out lethargically to pet our thighs pressed against either side of her. Dane kisses me deeply over her head, cradled between us. I reach down and lift her chin for a chaste kiss.

"Happy birthday amazing human."

She smiles and mmm's sleepily in pleasure.

Dane presses a kiss against her forehead and echoes me.

"Happy birthday our human."

He grins sleepily at me, twisting an arm under us so her head is pillowed and can still wrap around my shoulder, pulling me in and we drift off. Spent, skin on skin, legs tangled, my last thought as I watch their eyelids flutter into sleep is how incredibly contented I am in this warm, golden, happy bubble. How in this moment it just feels so incredibly right somehow. And then even I sleep.