 This is a completely true story, the events are as they actually happened but the Names have been changed to protect the Naughty. 

I guess it all started about four months ago when my best friend told me a secret. She is a prim and proper loan officer at a bank but with a killer body beneath her business suits. She told me that before she became a banker she was a stripper and she still likes to strip on the weekends. I have to admit I was a bit surprised but it certainly fit her flirtatious attitude and her love of dancing. Suddenly I found myself looking at her differently. Mostly picturing her without clothes. I guess she could tell I was intrigued and she started dancing for me when no one else was around. She had her clothes on but that didn't stop my pussy from dripping with desire. After a few weeks she told me she was going to Austin to strip at her old club. Being a shy girl I had never even been to a strip club. I've only even been with two men. 

She told me she was going alone and that just didn't sound like much fun to me, so I asked if she wanted some company and she was all for it. We made plans that both my boyfriend and I would drive her down there and the three of us would rent a hotel for the weekend. Well the whole week leading up to this trip I fanaticized about us in every position imaginable. My boyfriend and I really got off on talking about what we would like to do to her. I spent the whole week horny as hell. 

My boyfriend and I had talked about her so much all week that we couldn't help but flirt with her the whole ride there. We stopped first at the hotel to register and drop off our stuff. We had a few hours to kill before we went to the strip club. So Vada decided she should try on her outfits in preparation for the strip club. We had no objections and the show began. She walked into the bathroom to change but didn't bother to shut the door. Well the hotel wall adjacent to the bathroom was completely mirrored and we had a full view of her changing. We watched in awe as she stripped naked and squeezed her small perky breasts and tweaked her plump nipples. She quickly threw on her t-back panties and a small tight white dress with large holes in it that showed off her flat stomach and her delectable spine. She put on her 5-inch stiletto heels and stood before us looking positively ravishing. I could have eaten her up just then. She danced around and then pulled the dress off. Standing there in nothing but barely there panties I could smell her musky wetness and see she definitely was a shaver. The white fabric of her panties clung to her moist cunt and molded to her curvaceous pussy lips. My vision went blurry as all the blood in my body pounded through my own swelling lips. I was weak with desire when she went to try another one on. This time shutting the door behind her. 

As soon as the door shut, I reached over and rubbed my hand on my boyfriend's rock hard cock that was forming a huge bulge in his pants. I kissed him passionately while we waited for her to immerge. She walked out in a black and brown leopard print, mini dress and black boots. Unfortunately we didn't get another show. She told us we had to wait 'til we got to the strip club. Before we left, somehow we got on the subject of kissing and I mentioned that I had never kissed another woman and Vada took no time correcting this problem. She came forward and gave me the sweetest, softest, most gentle kiss. I never imagined that kissing could be so sensual and passionate, even without deep feelings.

To kill the time before we went to the club we went to a local head shop where Vada used to work. We looked around and the three of us made our way to the back where there was some kinky sex toys. I picked up a whip just to look at it, and Vada bent over and said, "Spank me" I raised an eyebrow and did as she asked. I hit her a few times lightly on her ripe, round ass cheeks and she looked back over her shoulder at me and winked. Her wink spoke volumes to me. It was like an invitation to a buffet. I knew then that she felt as I did and she wanted me like I wanted her. She whispered back to me "Harder, Harder" and I hit her low on her ass as she bent over. I hit her harder and lower with the tip of the whip until I hit her pussy full on. She stood up and exhaled a loud breath that sounded almost like a purr. She turned around and whispered in my ear that she couldn't handle that much pleasure in the middle of the store but assured me she had a paddle in her suitcase that was all mine to use on her later that evening. Never having spanked another woman before I was completely aroused. We bought her a few things and flirted unmercifully with her the whole night. We still hadn't talked about having a threesome but she sure seemed to have gotten the hint. 

That night we all drove to the strip club and she got us in for free. Walking in the door I was shocked to see half-naked women all over the place. Serving beverages, dancing on tables, sitting on men's lap. There were women of every shape, size, hair color and race. I had never seen any other women topless besides Vada and some old family members. Nothing like this. 

They were all so confident, so blatantly sexual and so inviting. We grabbed some seats at the side of the main catwalk and pole. For the first time since we had arrived I looked at my boyfriend who had that "kid in a candy store" look about him. He loved it as much as I did. The show started as a young black lady took the stage and jiggled all over the place. Occasionally going to the side to let some lucky man put money in her panties. I asked my boyfriend to go put a dollar in her G-string and he shyly refused so I took the dollar and boldly marched up the side of the stage. She made eye contact with me and slowly danced over to me. I wasn't nervous at all until she lifted her long slender leg up in the air and over my shoulder, leaving her moist cunt only inches from my face. I wasn't sure if I should be shocked and outraged or utterly turned on. I just looked ahead and she put her leg back down and instead shoved her large incredible, real tits in my face and rubbed them. This, I was certain I liked. I was so turned on and lost in the moment that I almost forgot to put the dollar in her g-string. 

Thus began my first night at a strip club. 

Okay, so three lap dances and several beers later we closed down the strip club. All three of us were aroused and had been drinking enough to lose our inhibitions but not enough to have been considered drunk. We went back to the hotel to relax, unwind and smoke some Austin kind Bud. Vada had been topless for the last several hours so not long after we got back to the hotel she took off her clothes and sat on the bed. 

After awhile we got back to talking about things I had never done. Being the forward person I am, I mentioned to Vada that I had never touched another woman's breast before and she told me to come over and feel hers. She had small, pointy breasts that were less than a handful but very soft and sensitive. Well it wasn't long before those perky little tits were in my mouth. I could feel her nipples hardening under my tongue. That started the juices flowing and we both had sopping wet pussies that pulsed with desire. Vada and I started kissing and she grabbed my huge tits and started squeezing and sucking on them. By then my boyfriend had joined in the action and was sucking on one of her tits as well. Before long there were four hands and two tongues on Vada. My boyfriend started licking the folds of Vada's, totally shaven, pussy and he slipped a finger inside her as her and I sloppily kissed and played with each other's breasts. Watching his tongue lick her wet cunt started turning me on even more and I wanted a taste myself. As our clothes were stripped off, I got between Vada's knees and started to kiss her lower lips and flick my tongue against her clit. Watching her wiggle in delight made me hornier than I thought possible. As I continued to lick her musky folds my boyfriend stood up behind me and positioned me just right so that he could fuck me doggy style as he watched me lick Vada's pussy. 

I stuck my finger deep in Vada's hole, as I licked her in rhythm with the big dick fucking me from behind. It wasn't long before I could feel her wet pussy clenching and pulsing around my fingers. I could also feel the dick inside me swelling and stiffing in preparation for the mounting orgasm. The three of us were moaning and panting in unison as we all came in a pinnacle of ecstasy. It was a truly momentous triple orgasm.