 Katya was early to the hay-loft, as usual. It was her nerves. It was like this every Thursday, when she knew that Taras would be have the afternoon free. She'd race through her chores at double-speed, rushing through the milking and the sweeping and the washing to make sure she finished in time to meet. And every single time, she got there early early.

Yet even though she'd made it through the chores, and even though she'd dodged her father, and even though she'd made it to the barn on time, she was still nervous. It must have been the thought of seeing Taras. She smiled. Being nervous to meet Taras amused her, because she'd been stealing afternoons away with him all summer long. They'd had dozens of rendezvous, in the dacha, by the lake, and once, thrillingly, in her parent's bed. But her favorite spot was always the hay loft, because it was the first place. And somehow after all these weeks, she was still nervous to see him.

Katya dangled her legs over the loft edge, kicking them idly as she replayed these memories in her head. The motion flounced up her skirts, the cool air a relief against her sticky thighs. It was always hot up in the hay loft, especially in those dog days of summer in the countryside just outside Lviv. She thought back to the first time Taras led her up the hay loft. How when she climbed the ladder, her palms sweated so badly she thought she'd slip and fall. How when she lay back on the hay, her stomach was knotted so tight and her heart was pounding so hard she thought she might be sick. The hunger in Taras' eyes as he fumbled up her dress. The hay clinging to her thighs. The smell of his sweat.

Just then, voices interrupted her memories. Katya leaped to her feet, looking for a place to hide. She wasn't supposed to be up here, or anywhere near the peasant folk. She prayed it wasn't father looking for her. But as the voices drew nearer, she recognized one- it was Taras, speaking in a low voice. It sounded like he was speaking to another boy.

The barn door creaked open. Katya watched from the loft as Taras entered. The other boy followed. Katya couldn't recognize him.

Taras squinted up into the loft. "Katya," he called up, "Katya, are you there?"

Katya didn't answer. She just watched, her heart pounding.

"Come on," the other boy whispered, "let's get out of here."

"It's ok," Taras said. He moved deeper into the barn. "Katya," he called again.

"Up here," she finally managed

"One moment," said Taras The boys disappeared underneath the loft. Then she heard them climbing up the ladder, one awkward boot at a time. Finally, they appeared in the loft. First was Taras, with a broad grin and a sheen of sweat on his brow. Then the other boy emerged. Katya didn't know him. They both wore rumpled, baggy junior guards uniforms and Pilotka hats with the red star badge.

"Hello, my love," Taras said, rushing over to Katya. 

She evaded his incoming kiss. "Who is your friend?"

"Oh," said Taras, grinning sheepishly. He turned to the other boy. "Go ahead, introduce yourself."

The other boy pawed bashfully at the ground. "Hello," he mumbled.

Taras laughed. "Come now, Ilya," he said, "Tell her your name."

"Ilya," the boy said.

"What is he doing here?" Katya hissed to Taras.

Ilya looked away. "Well, uh," said Taras, scratching his ear. His nerves showed through his silly grin. "Ilya and I have done a lot of duty together in the guards. And, well, I've been telling him all about you. And I wanted him to meet you."

"Oh," said Katya, softening a bit. She smiled at Ilya. "Well, that's sweet. It's nice to meet you, Ilya."

"Nice to meet you too," the boy said to the ground.

Katya turned back to Taras. "I don't mind meeting your friend," she whispered, "but I thought it was going to be just us up here."

"I know," said Taras, "I'm sorry. But, well- there's more too it."

"Oh?"

"Now, don't be mad, dear," Taras began.

Katya rolled her eyes. "Oh, god," she said, "what is it?"

"Well," Taras went on, "Ilya has been talking to a girl in the village near our camp. And this Saturday he thinks he might be able to finally close the deal."

"Good for him," Katya snorted.

"But, there's a problem," said Taras. "Ilya's never... done it. He's a virgin."

Ilya blushed furiously. He looked like he wanted to melt into the ground. Katya couldn't help but smile. "Really?" she asked. "That's surprising." It did surprise her, because underneath his bashful demeanor, Ilya was quite handsome. He had a kind, intelligent face, with big dark eyes, and a thick mane of shaggy hair spilling out from under his army cap and a slender but strong frame. A great contrast to Taras' wide country face, powerful build, and sandy short hair.

"So," Taras went on, "I told him all about us. And how we know how to make each other feel so good." He was really sweating now, struggling to get out the worlds. "And I thought... maybe we could show him how we do it?"

Katya's eyes widened. "Show him?"

"Yes," said Taras, "we can just pretend he isn't there. And do what we always do."

Katya shook her head. "You're crazy," she said. "No way."

Suddenly, Ilya piped up. "Please," he said, eyes still on the floor. "please, I want to learn."

Katya pursed her lips. She had to admit there was something exciting about the idea. She and Taras did have an incredible chemistry with each other. And she could set her modesty aside enough to know objectively that they must be quite a sight when they really got going. The thought had occurred to her many times after their marathon sessions in the barn, or by the lake. She was tan and strong from a summer of work outside, and had been praised for her beauty all her life. Her glossy auburn hair and big dark eyes always turned heads in town. And Taras was every bit her match, a strong, cocky country lad with a ruddy cheeks and an easy grin.

"Ok," she said, "I'll teach you." She beckoned Taras with a finger. "First, we will show you how to kiss."

Taras eagerly rushed toward her, but Katya blocked him. "Be patient," she chided.

She looked over at Ilya. "Now pay attention," she told him. When she was confident he was watching, she took Taras' hands. "Ok," she said, "kiss me."

Taras leaned forward and pressed his lips up to hers. Katya kissed him back, still holding his hands at his sides. She let herself fall into the moment, until she sensed Taras pressing harder against her. She pulled away.

Ilya stood transfixed by the sight. "Did you see that?" Katya asked.

"Yes," Ilya nodded.

"Good." A mischievous smile played on Katya's lips. "Ok," she told Ilya, "now it's your turn."

"What?" cried Taras. "You can't-"

"Nonsense," said Katya, "you're the one who brought your friend here without asking me. You don't get to make the rules." She smiled sweetly at Ilya. "Are you ready?"

Ilya just stared at her, rooted to the spot. Katya laughed. "It's ok," she said. "I won't bite you." She took a couple steps closer to him. Taras crossed his arms and watched with concern.

Katya's closed in on Ilya until her face was right near his. She tried to tell him with her eyes that it would be ok. "Now," she began, reaching out to caress his shoulder, "the boy should always make the first move. The first thing you want to do is-"

Suddenly, Ilya leaned forward and kissed her. It was so surprising that Katya was caught completely off guard. She stood still for a moment trying to process what had just happened. And then she felt Ilya's hand gently cradle her cheek. He wrapped his other arm around her, pulling her slender body up against him. To her shock, it was a fantastic kiss. Katya fell back into it, allowing Ilya to cradle her in his arm while he stroked her cheek. Her lips parted, allowing his tongue to slip inside her mouth and press against hers. And down near her waist, she felt an unmistakable swelling inside his trousers. Her knees wobbled.

"Ok, ok," Taras interrupted, "that's enough!"

Ilya abruptly broke off the kiss. "Sorry," he said, looking away again.

"Not at all," said Katya breathlessly, "that was fantastic. Where'd you learn how to do that?"

Ilya blushed. "I read a lot."

"Ok," said Taras, stepping forward. "My turn again." He seized Katya in his strong arms and kissed her hard. As he pressed his lips against her, his arms explored her body, stroking up and down her back and down to her plump butt. Taras cupped her firmly by the rear, his 

firm touch exciting her deeply. Just like Ilya, Taras was now sporting a huge bulge in his pants that swelled up against Katya's stomach. Instinctively, Katya traced a hand down to his thighs and felt around for his cock. When she touched it, it twitched like a wild animal, frightening and exciting her deeply. 

Katya broke away from him. "I think the boy's a decent kisser already," she told Taras. "What else should we teach him?"

"Show him your body," said Taras. "I want him to know it's true when I tell him you have the best ass in all of Lviv."

Katya began pulling up her top, revealing her taut stomach. And just as the base of her breasts was showing, she stopped. Her eyes twinkled. "I'll only do it if you boys do, too." 

She stood, holding her shirt tantalizingly close to her chest, waiting. After a minute, she started lowering the shirt back down. Taras and Ilya exchanged looks. Then they both started hastily stripping off their shirts. Katya watched with interest as they revealed their bodies to her. Taras, strong, stocky, and fair-skinned, just a tuft of sandy hair on his muscled chest, and Ilya, lean and strong like a diver, with deeply tanned skin. The boys stood, shirtless and expectant, waiting. Katya smirked. Then she pulled her shirt over her head, too, revealing her slender frame and firm apple breasts. The boys were goggle-eyed over her naked torso.

"See?" said Taras, "isn't she incredible?"

"Oh, my god..." was all Ilya could whisper.

Katya spread her arms wide. "Go ahead," she told Ilya. Ilya, practically shaking, walked forward, his hands straight in front of him. Gently, he placed them up against her chest. Katya took his wrists and guided his hands down to the fullness of her breasts. "Good," she told him, "now squeeze." Ilya dutifully massaged her small breasts, his fingers playing around the nipples. His touch excited Katya so much that she stepped forward and pressed her body against his, feeling his warm slender frame against her as they fell into another kiss. Ilya's hands slipped down her back just as Taras' had done, until he was firmly massaging her thick rump through her dress. Katya's breathing quickened. The bulge was pressing up her again.

"Ok, good," she said, breaking away. Eyes of hunger fixed her from both boys. She slipped her hands into the hem of her skirt and pulled it slowly down. The fabric stretched over her plump rear end, before the skirt fell in a pile at her feet, revealing her long smooth legs and simple cotton underwear. "Now you boys," she said. The boys exchanged looks again before unbuttoning their trousers. They slid them down, revealing uniform-issued briefs that barely contained their swelling erections.

Katya took Taras by the hand. "Ok," she told Ilya, "watch this." She stood on her toes and planted a sweet kiss on Taras' lips, her eyes shining with promise. Then she gently kissed down his chest, slowly dropping to her knees. His cock bulged up against her cheek through his briefs, straining to break free. She kissed it lovingly through the underwear, feeling it twitch and jerk and hearing Taras' breathing quicken. Then she reached for the hem of his briefs and started pulling them down. His swollen cock caught in the waistband as she tugged off his briefs, straining hard. Then it leaped free like a live thing, bouncing up and down before standing straight out from his body. The sharp smell of his masculine odor intoxicated her.

Katya wrapped a wrist around the thick base of his cock and guided it close to her mouth. She closed her eyes to savor his scent, then slowly parted her lips and allowed her tongue to fall out. The first lick made his cock jump in her hand, and Taras gave off a small moan. Katya kissed lovingly up and down the head of his cock to his shaft, her lips and tongue planting wet kisses all along him. Finally, she licked her lips and slowly slid the engorged cock into her mouth. Taras gasped. Katya began to suck him softly, slipping the cock head in and out of her mouth. She worked him deeper inside, his thick cock swelling harder inside her mouth as she sucked him. His hands were in her hair, guiding her up and down him and slowly driving himself deeper until he was pressing back against her throat.

"Look at that," Taras moaned, pointing how Katya took him deeper, "isn't she incredible?"

Katya pulled his cock out of her mouth, her saliva dripping from its glistening head. She looked up from her knees to Ilya, then beckoned him near her. Katya slid his briefs off too, revealing another beautiful cock for her to play with. His was longer but not quite as thick as Taras', and just like Taras' it stood directly out from his body, dying for her attention. Katya kept a hand on Taras' dick while she slowly started stroking Ilya's. The boy was already moaning hard. Slowly Katya closed her lips over the head of his cock and began to suck. No sooner had she started then Ilya gave a groan, and his cock began twitching in her mouth. A hot sticky spray suddenly flooded Katya's mouth, taking her by surprise. It gushed off her tongue and splattered against her lips before she could take him deep enough to get the rest inside her throat. Ilya continued coming in her mouth, and Katya dutifully sucked his load down. Then she pulled away.

"My goodness," she coughed, "that was a surprise."

"I told you he was a virgin," Taras laughed.

"I'm sorry," said Ilya, looking embarrassed.

Katya shook her head. "It's ok," she told him. Her lips and tongue were still sticky with his load. "We had to get that first one out of the way."

"Ok, now it's my turn," said Taras, his cock still twitching in Katya's hand. 

Katya released him. "You can wait," she said, "we have more work to do."

"What now?" Taras asked.

Katya dropped to the ground and laid back on the hay. She spread her legs apart seductively, revealing her simple cotton panties"Now it's your turn to use your tongues. I want you both to show me what you can do.".

"I've got this," Taras smirked, stepping forward. "I can make her cum like a gusher." He dropped to his knees and began kissing up her silky thighs. He slipped her panties off and gently stroked the hollow of his stomach, his hands teasingly closer to her swollen lips. His breath was hot on her. Her breathing caught. Taras teased her lips apart with his fingers and pressed his nose against her sex. He inhaled deeply, savoring the intoxicating scent of her hot horny cunt. And then, he slowly ran his tongue up her pussy. It slid from her dripping wet hole and gently teased around her clit, sending shivers of pleasure down her body. Slowly, Taras began to eat her in rhythm, his tongue caressing and massaging her in all the spots she'd taught him.

Caught up in her ecstasy, Katya's eyes fell on Ilya. "Come here," she said, "kiss me." Ilya laid beside her, took her head in his hand, and kissed her. His tongue slid into her mouth just as Taras' slipped into her cunt, and together the two boys drove her dizzy with pleasure. Just as she felt the unmistakable pleasure rising up in her, Katya pushed Taras' head away.

"Ok," she gasped to Ilya. "Your turn." Taras made way, and Ilya laid down between her legs. He tried to copy Taras' example, slipping his tongue up and down her sopping wet pussy.

"Slip your fingers inside," Katya said. Ilya pressed his middle and third fingers against her hole. After some pressure, she stretched open and his two fingers slipped inside to the knuckle while he continued licking her. He worked his fingers in and out of her, marveling at how she stretched to fit him.

Taras, impatient, knelt down beside Katya, his swollen cock still pointing straight out. Caught up in her pleasure, Katya gripped his dick and slipped him inside her mouth. She allowed him to take her by the hair and fuck her mouth, pumping his cock in and out of her lips and against the back of her throat as Ilya fingered her nearer to her orgasm.

"That's a good girl," grunted Taras as he worked himself in deeper. "That's a good little slut. You look so sweet with a cock in your mouth."

Her orgasm was building faster. She pulled Taras' cock from her mouth. "I want your cock in me," she whispered urgently to Ilya.

Ilya looked up from between her legs. "But I-"

Katya seized him by the hair and pulled him up her torso. He nestled firmly between her legs, his cock already swollen hard again. It pressed up against her soaking pussy. She reached around behind him, gripped his ass, and pulled him inside her. A moan of sweet agony escaped her lips as his cock entered her, stretching her open and forcing its way deep inside her. Her cunt, already on the edge, squeezed him tightly. She writhed back and forth, working herself into a frenzy on his cock.

Taras grabbed her hair and pulled it back, forcing his cock into her mouth again. Together the boys took her from both sides, Ilya's cock buried inside her pussy, Taras' in her mouth. She instinctively reached between Taras' legs and found his ass. She had learned from many times of playing with him what he liked. She pressed a finger against his hole and slowly worked it inside as he continued fucking her mouth. This was too much for Taras. His balls contracted up against her cheek as he began to cum. His first rope hit the back of her throat before he pulled himself free and began to coat her tongue and lips and cheeks, spraying a massive load all over her face.

The dirty pleasure of a faceful of cum combined with the relentless thrusting of Ilya's cock inside her drove Katya over the edge. Beginning as a low, slow pulse inside her, her orgasm slowly build until it came in relentless waves, crashing down over her body. Her spasming cunt gripped Ilya's cock tight, relentlessly, desperately working itself into an overwhelming, gushing wave that left her light headed. Ilya continued fucking her hard, driving himself in deeper and deeper as Katya's orgasm continued to ripple through her. Her thighs twitched up against him, holding him close.

Ilya stopped. "Are you ok?" he whispered, unsure what he had just seen.

"Oh, my god," was all Katya could say. She took him by the hair and pulled his lips to hers. Ilya's tongue slipped into hers. Somehow he didn't mind the slickness of Taras' cum splattered against her lips and tongue. He kissed her deeply, his cock still thrust deep inside her.

"Ok," said Katya with a delicate laugh. She wiggled her hips, allowing Ilya's cock to slip out of her. "Lie down."

Ilya obeyed and lay back on the hay. Katya knelt before him, running her hands up and down his strong thighs and stomach while his glistening cock stood straight in the air. She kissed his thighs up to the base of his balls. He smelled different from Taras... a clean scent, like the mountain pines in Zakarpatia. She loving licked at his balls, feeling their fullness heave against her mouth. She took them in her hand and massaged them, savoring their heaviness. Her tongue worked down between his thighs as she pushed his legs back to see his most secret spots. Gently, she lapped at his taint before running her tongue in teasing circles around his hole. His cock, standing freely, twitched wildly with his moans. She pressed her tongue against his ass, its hot wetness driving the boy wild. Then she slowly worked her way back up to his balls, before licking longingly up his cock. She could taste the wetness of her cunt on him, and the thought dizzied her. Slowly she took him back inside her mouth and began to suck him softly. She burrowed her head down, taking him deep in her mouth and slipping her tongue around him as she sucked.
