 I am 63 with a very beautiful blonde wife of 54 with a stunning 40 28 44 figure. Shortly after I retired I had been having more than occasional problems getting an erection especially if we had been out for a meal and a few drinks and possibly due to me drinking more during the day at the golf club. My wife was upset because she thought it was because I didn't find her attractive as even dressing up in basques and stockings and suspenders didn't work sometimes. 

Although she was a virgin when we married and hadn't had any cock other than mine she did enjoy lovemaking and with a reduced supply coming from me she admitted thinking of taking up some of the offers from the younger guys at the golf club who thought she was attractive! And I have to admit I felt I was 'short changing her' and I even suggested getting we might get someone to help me 'service' her. 

However she suggested trying one of the ED pills and we ordered some Levitra. The first time I tried Levitra was on a night away and when I saw the outfit that she intended to wear I thought I might not need it. 

I couldn't believe that she was prepared to show off her heavy pendulous breasts in a sheer top and her curvaceous jutting mature ass and ripe thighs in a very short tight black miniskirt which barely covered her stocking tops. 

She got some looks when we went in to the dining room and excellent service from the waiter who couldn't take his eyes off her big heavy breasts and nipples fully on display in the very sheer top. 

The outfit also drew some attention in the crowded bar especially when she allowed the skirt to ride up over the stocking tops and show acres of ripe creamy thigh above her lace stopped stockings. She seemed to be revelling in the attention and I had a very hard, thick and heavy erection.

As we waited for the lift she reached back between my legs cupping my balls and if possible her new exhibitionist streak caused me to get even bigger and harder.

She murmured "That feels absolutely wonderful I am really going to enjoy taking that."

My cock felt like bursting as I followed her big swaying hips perfectly framed in the tiny tight skirt. When we got into the room there was little ceremony as we were at each other like sex starved teenagers and pushing her down on the bed I pushed her g string aside and going between her ripe thighs I mounted her and rode her like a stallion. 

I was still hard after I climaxed and we lay and made love more gently over the next couple of hours. She loved it and with her using her mouth and breasts to good effect kept me hard for the whole time. 

In the morning I woke to the very pleasant experience of her using her mouth on my balls and cock to stimulate another erection and further lovemaking. 

We now use Levitra on these date nights or weekends about once or twice a month. Some users say it takes the spontaneity out of lovemaking but we find the anticipation is a real turn on. My wife plans and dresses to ensure she is going to get plenty of what she describes 'like a steel rod' and these nights became something of a real sexual adventure for both of us. We both find the attention she gets from showing off her unbraed breasts, her sexy big rear in tight miniskirts and her thighs and stocking tops to younger strangers a real turn on both on the Levitra fuelled nights and even at others times by looking forward to them I could manage a fair erection without Levitra. 

One other advantage of Levitra, because of the firmness of erection it gives me, is that anal is back on the menu. I have always loved the ripeness of her big creamy jutting buttocks and either taking her doggy or occasionally buggering her. For the latter as she is quite tight and not overused there one needs a good rigid cock. 

I have to say I thought I had it made apart from the odd freelance journalism assignment I had time to relax and play golf four or five times a week and have a few drinks with my mates and a newly very sexy wife with Levitra enhanced lovemaking. Carol too was semi retired but took the odd PR job and occasionally played some golf, and I hadn't realised she was a bit unsettled until I realised she was beginning to dress sexier more of the time, and not just on our date nights, and was wanting me to take Levitra more often.

One evening after quite a few drinks she admitted that she had found she liked the attention she got from guys of all ages with her new sexier clothing and she quite bluntly told me she was really beginning to want 'good cock' more regularly. 

When pressed she admitted that since she had been wearing shorter skirts, tighter trousers and more revealing tops, she had been hit on several times a week by not only younger guys at the golf club but also strangers in shops, at the mall and even just in cafes in town. Just that afternoon two really attractive 'city types' in their late 20s had bought her coffee and hit on her in Starbucks. She said although she had realised that Kim Kardashian had made big rears fashionable again she hadn't realised how many young guys really fancied mature women with curvaceous figures. She said that not only had guys hit on her but she had heard lots more make quite graphic comments about her breasts and rear and what they'd like to do with the latter! It had been rather really good for her ego and it made her feel randy, to find that she was so attractive to guys, especially those in their 20s and 30s, and when pressed admitted that she had fantasised what it would be like to have one or even two young studs between her thighs.

Her comments made me both slightly jealous and unsettled but also surprisingly randy as I imagined her putting out for one or more young guys to pound her pussy or even bugger her big ass. And I was soon between her thighs making frantic love to her without any need to enhancement medication. 

As I shafted her big ripe pussy I muttered "Would you seriously let a couple of young guys fuck this big cunt?" 

I saw her smile and she murmured "It's up to you to keep me satisfied or share me." 

As she lay back sated she smiled again and said "That was good, I must tease you again."

But I pushed things a little further and asked would she like to try a bit of strange cock. She admitted she had thought about it and probably would but it would have to be the right guy in the right circumstances and probably with my approval. When I asked her how far she would go she smiled and said probably most things with the right guy. When I asked if she would do oral she said that she would expect him to give her oral so she would most likely reciprocate. When I asked about anal - she said that she hadn't really thought of so many guys wanting anal until a lot of the guys who had hit on her had really complimented her on the size and shape of her rear. She smiled and said the two young guys in Starbucks that afternoon had really complimented her on her very sexy rear which they had described as 'good as Kim Kardashian's' but possibly even sexier because it was attached to a really sexy MILF! She said that she suspected most young guys now would want to have her ass. 

I asked her straight out would she like us to try to involve someone in a session with the two of us or prefer to try someone on her own. She said that both could be fun but they could both be complicated and possibly it might be better to experiment as a couple.

I suggested that once I cleared an outstanding assignment we would have a few days away for a sexual vacation. I booked a smart hotel in Leith near Edinburgh for two night so we wouldn't waste too much time travelling and we were unlikely to meet too many people we knew. Although I think the close proximity of the venue and the realisation of what we proposing did hit her as the time for our departure got closer. However when I saw the clothing she was packing - see through tops and short skirts , I realised that it could be fun. 

Because of the problems in parking in Edinburgh we decided to take the train and I think she put on a bit of a show and brightened up the day of some late afternoon commuters with her unbraed boobs and nipples clearly on display in a thin grey cashmere sweater, skin tight leather trousers, black over the knee boots and a black leather 'biker ' jacket. She looked stunning and at least 10 years younger than her age. From the looks she got from fellow passengers, the taxi driver taking us from Wavertree and the guy booking us in, I didn't think there was going to be too much of a problem finding someone to fancy having her.

However after checking in when we were having a drink in the hotel bar, I got the impression she was having second thoughts about actually letting someone else have her and when pressed she admitted that she had really only started to dress sexier to help turn me on and although it had been a great boost to her ego to have young guys making it fairly obvious they wanted her physically she didn't really want it to threaten what we had. 

When I made it clear that the idea of her doing it in the right' circumstances was also a turn on for me she said that she could see that in certain circumstances she felt she could enjoy it. I suggested that she wear something sexy, we go for a nice meal locally and come back and see if there was anyone she fancied in the hotel bar and we could take it from there. 

When I saw how she was dressed I could see she prepared to 'give it a go'. She wore a short black tight skirt, stockings and suspenders, over the knee black boots, her leather 'biker ' jacket and a totally sheer top with only a thin lace scarf if she needed to cover up.

We had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar before we went out and she did say there were quite a few fanciable guys about. Certainly I noticed quite a few guys checking her out. 

We had a very pleasant meal with excellent service from the waiter who couldn't seem to take his eyes off her large pendulous breasts with their nipples clearly on display through her sheer top. I noticed she appeared to be boosting her confidence with a pre-dinner cocktail, a full bottle of wine and another post dinner cocktail. She was quite merry and nicely primed by the time we left the restaurant.

The hotel bar was quite full but we managed to get a couple of high stools to the rear of the bar and I was delighted to see it was opposite a booth with two young guys.

I had seen them do a bit of a double take when they saw her unbraed breasts when we came in and they were 'all eyes' when I helped her up on to the stool and she sat down and let her skirt ride to display her mature creamy thighs and stocking tops. When I pointed out the attention was getting she smiled and said she did enjoy showing off her mature curves and seeing young guys interested her. When I asked her would she be interested in me getting them to join us she said she would prefer just one guy and me initially before possibly taking it further. But she said it obviously turned me on to see guys check her out and if I got her another drink she would put on more of a show for her young admirers. To see how far I could push her I suggested that if she was only going to flash the guys why not go the whole hog and flash her bare pussy at them. She smiled and said 'not a problem'. 

When she got up to go to the loo I noticed both of them take in the sway of her big jutting ass in the skin tight bum skimming skirt and the flash of her stocking tops as she walked out. As they turned to each other to say something about her assets one caught my eye and we shared a smile. They showed similar interest in her big dangling unbraed breasts as she returned.

She sat down more directly opposite them and initially sat with her thighs open so they could see up her skirt before crossing and uncrossing her legs to let the skirt ride up over her thighs showing acres of creamy thigh. Carole has a very obvious pubic mound - in fact her mound and pussy is a good ripe handful and is quite a sight when she has it shaven. It just screams sex and I would defy anyone to turn down the chance of wanting to put their cock into her big box. The guys couldn't take their eyes off her thighs, tits and bald muff on and I suggested this was an ideal opportunity to get her young cock. 

After a few more drinks and long distance flirting she said they were a bit young but if I wanted to see if they were interested and I wanted her to do it she would be happy to see how things developed. I suggested I go to the loo and see if they made an approach when she was on her own.

I deliberately left things a little bit and in case our plans came to fruition took a Levitra so I could be sure of playing a full part in whatever happened. When I came back she smiled and told me that the guys had sent a couple of drinks across. I smiled and toasted them with my drink and this appeared to break the ice as the taller blonde haired one came across introduced himself as Alex and said that his friend Mike and he would like us to join them. 

I realised Carol was interested when she quickly accepted the invitation saying that we would have a nightcap with them. After shaking hands with Mike a guy about my own size of 5'11" Carole slid into the booth between him and myself and as she did I noticed his eyes went to her ripe thighs exposed by the short skirt riding up. 

We found they were two advertising executives Mike from a local agency and Alex, who was staying at the hotel from a London agency He was in Edinburgh to organise a marketing campaign for a local bank. We guessed they were late twenties and I think both Carol and I were pleased to hear Mike was married and Alex engaged. We had discussed the necessity to use protection if the guy or guys we hooked up wasn't married. I think they got the drift when they asked what we were doing in Edinburgh and Carole said we were visiting for a bit of fun and relaxation after finishing a couple of assignments.

I think they certainly got the impression Carole might be up for a bit of fun, when she squeezed past them to go to the loo and both took the opportunity to not only view her big ass up close but also get their hands on it as she pushed past them.

As both of them admired the bounce of her jutting buttocks of her ass as she strode out to the loo Alex said "Bob you really are a lucky guy Carole is really beautiful and not afraid to show off that fabulous body. I'll guarantee you have a lot of fun with her." 

This gave me the ideal opportunity to confess that we had been thinking of getting someone involved in sex with us and that was the reason for our trip. I explained that while Carole had become a bit of an exhibitionist this was very definitely the first time she had thought of getting fucked by someone else but if they were interested we could put it to her when she came back. Both were very keen if she was up for it saying she had it all - great looking, fabulous breasts, great ripe thighs, what looked like a fabulous cunt and an ass to die for. As Mike said "If she fucks as well as she looks we are all in for a great night." 

Although she had a lot to drink she blushed slightly when I said I had told the guys the real reason for our trip was to get her laid. I said the guys thought she had great breasts and ass and were really looking forward to seeing more of her. Reaching down between her thighs I pushed her skirt up the extra couple of inches to expose her big nude shaven cunt and said "Guys if you're up for it let's take Carole up and give this cunt the fucking it needs."

It's probably on CCTV but where the lift is this hotel is located is fairly private and as we waited for it I encouraged both guys to kiss and fondle her. It was a real turn on to see how willingly and wantonly she responded to them kissing her, groping her breasts and putting their hands up her skirt to fondle and probably penetrate her exposed pussy and bare ass cheeks. This continued in the lift and by the time we got into the room everyone was ready for action. Although I poured drinks these were ignored as the fondling and groping continued and Carole was soon stripped down to stockings, suspenders and boots while we all lost our clothing. I do keep in shape but felt slightly embarrassed when I saw these guys well muscled bodies. However by this stage my cock was standing at attention and I was pleased that while my 7" was slightly shorter than Alex's long thin cock it was at least as big as Mike's. 

I was keen to see just how keen Carole would be to take cock so I initially just watched as the guys pulled her to the bed and while she deep throated Alex, Mike was busy warming her up with his head between her thighs. She was obviously very turned on by having two young studs making love to her and I was a little jealous when she came off very quickly. As she lay back rather luxuriating in her climax Mike put his cock up to be sucked while Alex went between her thighs and mounted her. I heard a sharp intake of breath as he rammed his c9" cock home before I saw her really respond by wrapping her thighs round his back to give him better access. He rode her hard for about 5-10 minutes before she climaxed once again noisily before he turned her round and mounted her doggy while she really deep throated Mike. It was one of the sexiest thing I have seen in my life to see Carole being 'roasted' and thrusting her big creamy ass cheeks up to be stallioned by a young blonde adonis and to hear his balls slapping on her ass as he gave her cunt an unbelievably energetic ride while Mike thrust deep into her throat and they both groped her big dangling breasts. She does great head as she can take my whole cock up to the balls in her mouth and throat and her moans turned to gagging as Mike obviously started to come off deep in her throat and pumped a lot of cum into her mouth. 

As he withdrew, Alex drove into her rode her even harder until she climaxed again and then eventually I saw his hips tense and I knew he had shot his load into her box. As she fell forward on the bed he continued to thrust until he had emptied himself completely into her cunt.

As he dismounted she turned round looking absolutely wanton as she lay back with her big soft tits spread and her thighs open with the big bald pussy seeping cum. I quickly went forward and shoved my bursting cock deep into her well lubricated cunt. She responded well and noisily to me riding her hard and she was obviously on a real sexual high because she climaxed yet again as I did soon after. It was a real thrill to mix my spunk in her.

Temporarily sated she went off to the bathroom to get tidied up while we had a drink and by the time she came out to have her drink I could see from the guys cocks that they were almost ready for more. This wasn't lost on Carole and my cock too rose when she boldly felt the balls between each guys legs and running her hand up each of the cocks in turn murmured "Mmmm guys these feel fantastic I really am looking forward to a lot more of them." 

Putting her drink down she bent over and took Alex's cock in her mouth and Mike presented with the vision of her big creamy ripe upturned ass wasn't slow to mount it. It was unbelievably exciting to see her big tits dangling being very vigorously roasted and being penetrated at both ends by these young guys, and especially as she was so keen to take their hard young cocks. 

Alex came off first and when he removed his cock Mike turned her round and bending her over the bed really gave her a hard riding. When she wriggled her ass and thrust it up to take even more cock he slapped her ass hard and I heard him mutter "You are a fantastic big ride, you really do love cock, and I'm really going to give that big ass all the cock it can take".

I was stunned to her respond "I didn't realise just how good a couple of guys could be, I do want a lot more". 
