 Let me tell you about a true story that happened to me about 5 years ago while living in an apartment with one of my best friends. The complex we lived in was pretty upscale and offered some nice amenities. One of which was a secluded Jacuzzi that was just short of a grotto. The following events took place in said spa.

One summer night my girlfriend had come over for drinks and we decided to take our liquor down to the spa to relax. It was fairly late at night and no one was out, let alone in the spa or pool area. My girlfriend (Jess) was 21 at the time, 5'7", had long dark brown hair to her mid-back, dark seductive eyes, long legs, 36C breasts and was shaved. I (Scott) was 24, 5'11", lean/muscular, dark hair and eyes, and am endowed at about 8".

Now we had started drinking in the apartment before we moved to the spa, so we both had quite a buzz going by the time we got wet. Now whenever my girl drinks she gets pretty 'frisky' so I knew I was going to have a good time that night, I just didn't know how good. As we chatted and continued drinking she would occasionally tease me by pulling aside one of the triangles of fabric that made up her bikini top and covered her chest, thus giving me a flash of one of her breasts. Of course this got excited, as the thought of public exposure usually does, and I would, in turn, occasionally reach down and tease between her legs (over her bikini) as payback.

Amidst our chatter and teasing my room mate/ best friend (Dane) came home and had apparently gotten him self a drink and come to join us. As I was moving in to start making out (and probably a lot more) with Jess, I glanced over her shoulder and saw him walking over with a drink in hand. I moved back and motioned for him to join us, noticing this Jess turned, saw him settling in on the far side of the large spa from us, and turned back to me with a disappointed look on her face. Apparently she too had wanted to really start something right then. Recovering quickly we all began to talk and drink which soon led to us all being drunk. 

As it got later, we got drunker, and the conversation got more adult oriented. We began talking about our favorite positions, whether or not we liked oral (giving or receiving), and some of the craziest things we'd done. I could tell my girl was getting hornier as the talk continued by the way she would squirm where she sat and the fact that every chance she had she would reach under water to rub my hard member. Dane was in the middle of explaining some of the more graphic details he'd experienced with his girlfriend when Jess straddled me and started a very passionate kiss. Dane paused his story and started to get out when she stopped and turned, telling him to stay, that she was still listening. He shrugged and got back in continuing where he left off. When she turned back to me she reached up and pulled both sides of her top open exposing her breasts while Dane was to her back. We continued as such for the rest of his story. When he finished the telling she covered back up and got off my lap. I whispered in her ear, "You must have enjoyed the story."

"Yes." She replied, and seated herself between my legs facing Dane. 

Dane had a small smile and winked at me. "At least someone around here can get a show." He said. 

"Why should I be the only one?" Was my response as I reached up and grabbed the fabric of both triangles to Jess's top and gave a slight tug, pretending I was going to pull them open. She giggled and held her hands up in mock embarrassment but quickly dropped them and shrugged. "You're not going to stop me?"

"You wouldn't do it." Was her reply as she turned and kissed me over her shoulder.

Slowly pulling the triangles aside, exposing more and more of her pale breasts but stopping just short of really exposing her, I said, "Wanna bet on it?"

"What're the terms?" She asked.

Laughing at her drunken willingness to pursue this I asked, "You really don't care? If that's the case why don't I just pull all your clothes off and we can really have fun?" I gestured to include Dane as I said this. 

Jess shrugged and reached behind her to reach inside my pants and start stroking my cock. Taking this as my ok to proceed I reached back up and began to rub her tits over her top, watching Dane as I did so. His eyes were glued to her top and neither of his hands were above water. Getting more excited by the opportunity to expose Jess (something I always fantasized about), I moved from rubbing her tits to grasping her top again. Slowly I pulled the fabric aside until finally both her perfect pale round breasts were exposed to my friend. Her dark nipples standing out against the paler skin, hardened by excitement or the sudden cool air or both. She quickened her pace as she stroked me. Already having gone this far and being extremely turned on from doing so, I quickly untied both strings holding her top on and removed it completely.

We now sat there, her topless seated facing Dane from between my legs, her arm pumping with the motion of her strokes on my cock. I decide to ask her, "How far do you want this to go?"

"As far as you want baby," was her reply.

Not hesitating I reached under water and hooked my thumbs through both sides of her bottoms and started pushing them down. Jess arched her body, prominently displaying her tits, so that I could remove the last of what little clothing she still had on. Glancing to Dane, I nodded to him. Catching the hint he removed his board shorts as well and laid them aside. Next Jess stopped her stroking long enough to move out and turn to take my own board shorts the rest of the way off (she already had them untied and open to ease her earlier stroking). As she laid my shorts aside she looked up at me with lust as if to ask, 'What now?' 

Grabbing her by the shoulders I pulled her into a deep kiss before gently turning her around to once again face Dane. Moving my hands to her hips I guided her to sit on my lap, making sure she was slowly impaled on my member. She moaned as she slid down my cock. Dane was obviously stroking himself under water. Loud enough so that he could hear I asked her if she was going to leave Dane to his own methods. She paused then curled her finger at him, beckoning him closer. Dane moved across the Jacuzzi to us, still covered by water and bubbles. His manhood had to be mere inches from Jess's stomach as she grinded on top of me. 

Next, Jess reached under the water and grabbed hold of Dane's member. She began by getting the feel for this new flesh, slowly stroking him. Dane closed his eyes and half groaned from the pleasure of my girl's hands on his cock. "Suck him baby," I whispered into her ear as she slid up and down on my shaft. And she did just that, pulling him closer and bringing him to a full standing position. As his waist broke the surface even I was surprised. He was almost as large as I was, maybe shorter by an inch at most, but his girth was enormous, at least half again my own size. Her hand nearly couldn't encircle the whole thing. After a moment of stroking and admiring on her part she lowered her head and tentatively licked out with her tongue, slowly circling his tip.

After a moment of teasing, I watched as her head lowered, her mouth sliding down his shaft. After a moment to accommodate his girth her pace quickened and her head began bobbing up and down in rhythm with my own thrusts into her. I was extremely aroused at the sight of Jess giving head to my friend, watching his shaft disappear and reappear, now wet with her saliva instead of water. Dane must have felt the same way (aside from Jess's excellent oral skills) because after only a few minutes I heard him grunting in pleasure and saw him tense as he shot his cum down my girl's throat. Jess swallowed all he had and even licked him clean afterwards.

The sight nearly pushed me over the edge myself so I pulled out of her for a brief break. Jess herself had climaxed at least twice during the time she rode me while sucking Dane off. Though judging by the disappointed frown she casted over her shoulder, Jess wasn't finished yet. Neither was I. I asked Dane if he thought he thought he was up for more, the sudden understanding brought a new light to his eyes and a new life to his lower member. "I can't have all the fun," I said to Jess. "Give Dane a chance to feel how incredible you are."

With this, she moved so her ass was pointing towards Dane and she grabbed onto my cock, pulling it above water as she did so and thus show me some oral attention. Dane shot a questioning glance at me as if to ask, 'Are you sure?' I nodded to him and he wasted no time moving into position. As Jess lowered her mouth, just recently filled with Dane's cum, onto my hard cock I closed my eyes as I felt her warm mouth envelop my shaft. Dane had reached down and was now fingering her wet pussy while simultaneously reaching around to cup and fondle her breasts. Jess had her eyes closed in pleasure and was moaning as her head bobbed up and down.

Next was the most exciting part for me. I watched as Dane stopped fingering her, and moved his dick closer. He was now positioned directly behind her with the head of his penis barely touching her outer lips. Jess let out a low moan as he rubbed his tip gently up and down, lubricating it with her juices. Then slowly, Dane began to thrust forward, his cock sinking inch by inch into Jess's waiting box. Jess pulled her mouth off my cock as she gasped at the new flesh entering her and adapted to his massive girth. Finally, as I watched, Dane's hips met Jess's ass and he was all the way in. He slowly pulled back, almost all the way out, before moving forward again, building rhythm until he was really pounding into her. By the third thrust Jess moaned through clenched teeth (keeping quiet since we were technically in a very public place) and dropped her hot mouth back onto my manhood, working with new enthusiasm. 

It took only moments her working my cock with her tongue and lips when I couldn't hold back anymore. I shot my load into her hot mouth as she brought me as far in as she could take, letting my cum flow right down her throat. Dane was lost in ecstasy as he continued hammering Jess. Jess pulled off my member, licking it clean as she had done for Dane. I leaned back as she then stopped Dane, directing him to sit on the edge of the spa, and straddled him. I watched as Dane's enormous cock sank easily back into her and she began to slide up and down, controlling the pace now. Watching kept me very aroused and soon I was ready to get back into the action. Before I could move I saw Dane tense again as Jess ground herself against him, he began grunting with effort and pleasure as he grabbed her hips and emptied another load, this time deep within her pussy.

Jess moved off his cock as his orgasm subsided but was not done with him yet, she lay half on the edge of the spa and positioned her pussy towards me while she went to work on him again with her hands and mouth. I moved then, placing my cock at her entrance and easily sliding inside while she worked on Dane. She was still tight despite his enormous member but there was a new slickness as my cock now had both her juices and Dane's cum to lubricate every thrust. Soon the sight of her sucking while Dane fondled her tits and I pounded her sent me over the edge and I added my own hot lubricants deep inside her. Dane, amazingly, was about to climax again when Jess did something she'd never done before. She pulled her mouth off at the last second and used her hand to bring him to climax, directing his flow right onto her tits. Shot after shot of hot sticky cum landed on her chest, where she then rubbed it around before looking at me.

Her eyes seemed glazed with lust as she directed me to sit back and climbed on top, positioning herself in reverse cowgirl. This gave Dane a perfect view of us as she rolled her hips and bounced on my still rock hard member. Though spent, Dane obviously enjoyed the show, moving closer so he could play with her breasts and even reaching down to rub her clit as she slid up and down. Soon her entire body tensed and she grabbed Dane's arm to steady herself and to encourage him to continue playing with her pussy. Jess shook as she was racked with her orgasm, her pussy tightening around me sending me over the edge as well, once again shooting my cum deep inside her pussy. Finally, we all collapsed, still buzzed and now worn out from sex. Jess grabbed Dane pulling him in for a very passionate kiss, then turned and did the same to me before gathering her things and walking back to the apartment in nothing but a towel. Dane and I were right behind her. We all crashed after that, Jess and I together in my room, Dane in his. The next morning however, Dane's girlfriend was supposed to come over for the day and well... that's a story for another time.