 I was lying on my bed alone in my flat watching television one evening, when the phone rang. It was Rina, a girl I had been dating a few times.

"Hi, Rina! What's up?" I asked.

"Estelle and I are bored and we were wondering whether you would like to come over for a drink or two?"

"Sounds great to me! I'll be over in a few secs!" I replied.

"Oh, and bring you swimming gear, OK?" she said before she hung up.

I had a quick shower and drove over to Rina's place.

Rina was quite a looker – a brunette with shortish hair, great boobs, long legs and a personality to go with it. We've been out together on a number of occasions and as far as Rina was concerned, we were having a relationship. As for me, being a student at the time, I was reluctant to tie myself down to just one woman. I was playing the field. Rina and I had had great sex in the time that I'd known her, but other than that, I had done nothing from my side to make her believe that our relationship was a serious one. I was merely enjoying the ride! (pardon the pun!)

Rina was living with her parents at the time, but they were out of town, so she had the whole mansion to herself. Her family was financially quite well-off. They had this beautiful house with a lovely pool. 

Estelle, her friend, was a stunning girl, with long pitch black hair, great boobs and legs that went on forever! I knew her well enough to know that she wasn't seeing anyone at the time, but we never dated. I've always had an eye on her, but as we moved in different social circles, I hardly ever saw her. So I took this as an opportunity to get to know her. 

When I got there, I found the two of them sitting on a three seater swing chair next to the pool. They looked absolutely stunning in their bikinis as they were sitting there, sipping wine. I could not believe my luck! I was having them both to myself for the whole evening! I began to have visions of a ménage de trois, but whether it would come to anything like that was highly doubtful at the time, as I did not know Estelle that well and did not think that Rina would be into anything like that. But that was certainly not going to stop me from trying!

"Hi there! Grab a glass of wine and come take a seat!" Rina shouted as I walked through the sliding door of the lounge that led out onto the pool area. Just the underwater light of the pool was on, so the lighting was nice and low. I poured a glass of wine and stripped down to my swimming trunks that I was wearing under my jeans. I looked around for a chair, and as the other chairs were on the other side of the pool, I boldly went and sat down between the two of them on the three seater swing. 

"Cheers!" I said as I raised my glass. "To a glorious summer evening!"

We chatted for a while over several glasses of wine and I had a wonderful time, sitting between them, sneaking peeks down their revealing bikini tops. I could tell that the wine was beginning to affect the two girls. 

Estelle eventually got up and went into the house to get more wine. The wine and the company had me quite horny by then, so I took the opportunity to put my arm around Rina. I pulled her closer, kissed her passionately and started to fondle her boobs through her bikini top. She did not mind much, because we'd been there more times than I can remember. When I tried to slip my hand under her top, it was met with resistance, though. 

"What's the prob?" I asked.

"Please don't. Not with Estelle around." she replied.

I realized that it probably wasn't a good idea and reluctantly let go of her boobs. 

"Last one in the pool is an old maid!" she said and jumped up and ran towards the pool. 

I got up and chased her. I caught her round the waist just as she was about to dive into the pool. I picked her up and jumped into the deep end of the pool, holding her in my arms. As we broke the surface, she jumped on me and dunked my head under the water. This, of course led to a lot of splashing and dunking. Rina broke free and swam away from me. I chased her and when I finally caught her, I took her in my arms and kissed her. I moved in behind her, holding her in my arms, while slipping my hands under her bikini top. I started fondling her firm breasts and this time she did not object as her boobs were below the surface and she was convinced that Estelle would not notice. We both got a little worked up by our actions and started cuddling. 

Just then Estelle came out of the house, carrying an open bottle of wine. 

"Wow! Cool it, lovebirds! You're not alone, you know!" she said as she put the wine in the ice bucket on the table. 

"You're not jealous, are you?" I asked.

"Well... Maybe a little" she said as she dived into the water. She surfaced right in front of us and started splashing us. "This should cool you guys down a bit!" she quipped.

I let go of Rina and grabbed Estelle around the waist and dunked her a couple of times. I could not resist the temptation to let my hands slide over her breasts a few times. She did not seem to have a problem with that, so I cupped both her boobs over her bikini top under the water. She did not move away, so I slid my hands under her top and rolled her nipples between my fingers. She put her arms around me and I kissed her lightly on the lips. Her lips parted and she darted her tongue into my mouth. I got completely lost in the moment and popped her one boob out of her top.

Suddenly she stiffened and pushed me away. 

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Rina's not very happy." She said. "Look behind you"

I turned my head and was just in time to see Rina storming into the house. I came to my senses and got out of the pool. I quickly dried myself and rushed into the house.

I found Rina in tears on her bed. 

"How could you do that to me? How could you humiliate me like that?" she shouted at me. 

I apologized profusely. "I'm truly sorry." I said. "I just thought that she was feeling a bit left out, so I decided to give her a little attention"

"You did not have to kiss her like that!" she hissed.

"She means nothing to me. You are the one I really care for and you know that." I lied. "I could see that Estelle was getting uncomfortable with us cuddling like that, and the way you look tonight, I find it difficult to keep my hands off of you. I was just playing with her, that's all."

"Do you really mean that?" she asked.

"Of course, silly!" I said and took her in my arms and kissed her passionately. "Come, let's go for a swim." I said and pulled her to her feet. I gave her a pat on the backside and led her out to the pool. I poured us some wine and we stood in the pool sipping wine and chatting to Estelle. All the while I was holding Rina from behind, eventually working my way up to her tits again. I slipped my hands into her bikini top again and fondled her tits under the water while chatting to Estelle who was on the other side of the pool. Occasionally I would let my mouth drop to the nape of Rina's neck and kissed it or nibble on her earlobe. I could hear her breathing become heavier. 

The wine was causing Rina to loosen up and her inhibitions soon disappeared. I popped her tits out of their confinements and played with her nipples. Then I dropped my one hand to the front of her bikini bottoms and cupped her pussy with my hand. I waited for reaction. She parted her legs slightly, giving me better access to her cunt. I then slipped my hand into her bottoms and played with her clit. In return she slipped her hand into my trunks and started wanking my already hard dick. The latter was straining against my trunks to the extent that it hurt, so I carefully dropped my trunks so that Estelle would not notice. 

Rina was pumping away at my now freed dick and I knew I was going to come soon. I took her hand away from my dick and turned her around to face me. To hell with this! I was going to try and fuck Rina in front of Estelle, without Estelle noticing!

I picked her up so that she straddled my erect cock and suspended her with my hands under her butt. Her boobs were still outside of her top, but were now above the water, pressing against my chest. Rina did not mind as Estelle was behind her and could not see a thing. Estelle was doing most of the talking now and our half of the conversation was restricted to the odd "Oh?" or "Yeah" or "Mmmm" or "Is that so?" etc.

Rina now had her legs around me and was practically riding my bare dick with her covered pussy, while she had her arms around my neck. I slipped my hand through her legs from behind and pulled her bikini bottoms to the side, exposing her plump pussy. Without further ado, I slowly slipped my hard cock all the way into her wet pussy. I was most surprised that Rina was OK with all this, as Estelle was merely a few yards away. I decided that it had to be the effect of the wine. She totally dropped all her inhibitions!

We worked up a slow rhythm, hoping that Estelle would not notice what we were doing, but we got carried away in the moment, and when I looked over Rina's shoulder to see why Estelle was so quiet all of a sudden, I was surprised to see that she was gone! Before I could even wonder where she could have disappeared to so suddenly, she broke through the surface right next to us!

"Busted!" she shouted. "Surely you guys did not think you could screw right here under my nose and I wouldn't notice?!"

"What on earth are you talking about?" I asked, playing dumb with my dick still lodged in Rina's pussy.

"Come now, dear! You're forgetting that the underwater light is on! From down there I had a perfect view of all your shenanigans!" she reveled. At that she put her hand under Rina's butt and took my naked balls in her hand. 

"Ok, Ok! So you caught us out. You've had your moment, now let us have ours. Please disappear and give us some privacy. We've got some unfinished business here!" Rina said to my absolute amazement!

"Sure! You are welcome to have your moment! But as for the privacy, no way! I'm not missing this for anything in the world!" Estelle said.

Feeling Estelle's hand on my naked balls was the only encouragement I needed. I started humping Rina's pussy again. She did not meet my thrusts, but also did not object to what I was doing. I could see that the situation was somehow exciting her. 

Estelle let go of my balls and stroked Rina's bottom with her one hand, while undoing her bikini top. Rina did not seem to mind this, as her tits were already exposed. Estelle pulled the top off and threw it out of the pool.

Rina put her arms around my neck and started fucking me back. I lifted her left breast and started sucking on her nipple. She started moaning softly.

Estelle put her hand below Rina's butt again and this time it closed around the base of my cock, which was buried in Rina's pussy. She held my dick as I fucked Rina and every time her hand touched Rina's pussy on the upward stroke, I could sense that Rina jumped a little. She was enjoying Estelle's touch!

"Do you think it's fair that Estelle still has her bikini on?" I whispered in Rina's ear. 

"Yeah!" said Rina. "Fair is fair! You took off my bikini top, so it's only fair that I rid you of yours!" she said to Estelle.

"Well, be my guest then…" Estelle replied and turned her back to Rina, who quickly tugged at the strings that held the top together. It fell forward and Estelle did the rest and threw the top out of the pool to join Rina's top at the side of the pool.

When I saw those magnificent tits almost floating on the water, I thought I was going to shoot my load right through Rina! But I slowed down and fought the orgasm. I reached over and took Estelle's boob in my hand and started fondling it. This time Rina did not object.

Estelle moved closer to us, leaned over and lifted Rina's nipple into her mouth. I could see the confusion on Rina's face and could tell that she was not used to being touched by another woman. She did not know how to react and it was only when I encouraged Estelle to suck on the other nipple as well, that Rina began to relax and enjoy it. And enjoy it, she certainly did! I could sense it by the way the rhythm of her hips picked up as she started fucking me in earnest! Her moaning became louder and her thighs began to quiver. She then grabbed Estelle around the neck and pulled her face into her breasts as she exploded into one of her strongest orgasms ever! I had to hang on for dear life to keep my dick in her pussy, even though I did not want to cum just yet. I was saving some for Estelle! I figured that seeing that Rina enjoyed Estelle's attention, she would not mind if I did the same. When she subsided, I lowered her into a standing position and let my cock slip out of her pussy. I let go of Rina and turned towards Estelle.

I took Estelle in my arms and pulled her naked torso to my chest. I kissed her on the mouth, while my hard dick poked her in the lower belly. She took my dick in her hand and started stroking it underwater. I picked her up and her breasts broke through the water. It was a magnificent sight to behold in the moonlight. I turned around with her in my arms and presented her to Rina, who immediately decided to relieve her of her bikini bottoms. I assisted and Estelle co-operated and before long the bikini bottoms joined the tops at the side of the pool.

Now Estelle was lying in my arms buck naked, her shaven pussy clearly visible. I could see Rina sneaking peeks at Estelle's pussy and was convinced that she was going to eat it or at least touch it, but I was wrong. She came for me instead. She put her arms around me and kissed me deeply. I let go of Estelle, letting her slide to her feet. I took Rina's hand in mine and put it on Estelle breast, but she jerked her hand away as if the boob was red hot! I was most surprised. Rina had no objection to being touched by another woman, but she refused to touch one! To this day I find that hard to understand.

Rina dropped her hand to my dick, but found that it was already occupied by Estelle's hand, so she moved it down to my balls and gently squeezed it while Estelle was jerking me off. This was becoming a bit much for me, so I pulled away. I had other ideas.


Rina hopped out of the pool and sat on the side with her feet in the water. I turned Estelle around and leaned her forward against the side of the pool facing Rina. Her face was about level with Rina's breasts and she immediately started sucking on her nipples. Rina just closed her eyes and sighed. I could tell that she loved it! But still she refused to touch Estelle!

I spread Estelle's legs and entered her pussy from behind. I started pushing in and out of her and she enthusiastically met my every thrust. I moved my arm around her and stroked her clit from the front while fucking her from behind. This drove her wild and she let go of Rina's breasts and collapsed on her lap. Whether Rina lost her balance or whether it was a planned move, I do not know, but she fell backwards onto her back, presenting her cunt to Estelle. Estelle was not going to let such an opportunity pass her by and immediately got stuck in. She started eating Rina's pussy with vigor! Rina was squirming around, but still refused to touch Estelle. She just lay there with her hands clenched into fists by her sides. While fucking Estelle hard from behind, I took Rina's hand and again placed it on Estelle's boob. Again she jerked her hand away!

I then continued to fuck Estelle from behind, taking great pleasure in watching her eating Rina's pussy. I could see that Rina was about to cum as she was squirming and moaning like mad. I picked up the rhythm of my fucking and started stroking Estelle's clit in earnest, I could feel her hips starting to quiver and I myself was ready to cum. Just then Rina let out a scream and her hips started convulsing in the throes of another mighty orgasm. This triggered Estelle into a shuddering orgasm and needless to say, I completely lost control! I shot stream after stream of hot cum up Estelle's cunt and eventually all three of us collapsed in a heap. It was my first and last 'triple simultaneous orgasm' in my life!

We lay like that for a few minutes, nobody really saying anything. Then we got up, and the three of us had a hot shower together, after which I got dressed, kissed them each goodbye and called it a night.

This was most certainly not the end of Estelle's involvement in our relationship, but more about that at a later stage.